 Disclaimer: All is a work of fiction. All characters within this story are of legal age of consent. Thank you and Enjoy!

*

Eva Tunker made her way through the village of Kinter quickly. She was on an errand for her minder and it would not do for her to be delayed. Within a day, she would be of age and could finally inherit her father's property but until then she was under the guardianship of the mayor. Well technically but realistically she was under the guardian ship of the mayor's wife. Mrs. Needan was typical of the women of this village. They tended to be short and grew to be round. Eva was different. It was whispered that her mother had been a North woman who tend to be tall and blonde as Eva had become. Not short and mousy as the women here. Not that they could not be beautiful in their way, but this was yet another way that Eva stuck out in a society where it was best to fit in. 

Kinter was at the edge of the Blackwood Forest and was a pausing point on the highway that linked the larger cities of the kingdom. The locals made their living off of the travelers that passed through. They offered food and shelter. Kinter was considered a safe spot in the road. It was believed by travelers that beast men lived in the forest and would kill those foolish enough to venture into it. Those travelers were not entirely wrong.

Eva rounded the corner to the baker's shop and spotted them. It was Ashluh and her band of friends. Ashluh was Mrs. Needan's daughter and heir apparent to her little queendom. Where Eva could do no right, Ashluh could do no wrong. And she appeared to be well aware of this fact. Eva was not in the mood for their ribbing and cut down a side alley to the back entrance of the shop. She was surprised to see Falgren, the Baker's oldest son, at the back entrance, carrying out some empty bags to stack.

His face lit up when he saw her, "Eva! Here on an errand for Mrs. Needan?" He set the bags down and walked over to her, then touching her shoulder. They were the same height and he liked being able to look her in the face. Eva blushed and turned her head away, "Yes. She sent me for the loaves she ordered."

His hand slid over her shoulder and to her cheek. He looked around quickly and saw that they were alone. Drawing closer, he put his arm around her waist. "They are not done yet. It will be a few more minutes. Perhaps we can find a way to spend the time?"

She swallowed, enjoying the feel of his body against hers. She would be needing a husband soon and he was an excellent candidate. Eva genuinely liked him and it was clear by the hardness she felt against her thigh that he liked her too. He nuzzled her neck as his hand slid over to her breast and began to caress it through the course material. She gasped and her hands began to explore his back, one sliding down to his firm ass, the other caressing his wide shoulder. 

His hand scooped her right breast out of the top of her blouse as the other hand began to hike up her skirt. He moved his body into her. The front of his trousers and the hardness beneath were rubbing against her innermost place as it began to get wet. He leaned down and she felt his breath on her nipple and leaned her head back in anticipation.

"So, this is what you do rather than get the bread mother sent you for!"

The sharp voice was like a slap to the face for both of them. They immediately separated, but Eva's breast remained out. She was too surprised to tuck it back in.

Ashluh stood, hands on her hips, glaring at them. "Falgren-you'd better get back inside and make sure those loaves don't burn!"

He swallowed and nodded his head, not even trying to hide the huge erection and wetness on his pants from the precum and her juices that had soaked them. He scurried up the stairs back into the shop.

Eva just stood there, still processing as Ashluh purposely strode over. There was an odd look in her yes. Eva was used to Ashluh staring at her when she thought Eva was not looking. This was the same look, but more intense. Ashluh came up close to Eva. Intimately close, her eyes not leaving Eva's.

Eva concentrated on just taking one breath after another. Ashluh's eyes slid down Eva's body, pausing at her exposed breast before continuing down the slowly coming back up.

"So. Do you just throw yourself at any man who comes along?"

Eva, strangely hypnotized by Ashluh's attention shook her head slowly.

Ashluh put her finger on Eva's lips. Eva's heart began to pound. Ashluh's touch had a similar effect as Falgren's but hers was more sensual. It was mixed with the spice of surprise and their mutual antagonism. Suddenly Eva began to see their encounters in a new way. Yes, some of it was jealousy, but there was also a repressed desire that had driven Ashluh. 

Realizing this, Eva took control. She reached up to Ashluh's hand and slowly drew it down to her exposed breast. She drew the finger over her nipple, circling slowly and enjoying the sensation.

Ashluh gasped. Somewhere between shock at Eva's response and the realization that years of repressed desires were being satisfied, she licked her lips. 

Eva gave her a warm smile, "It's okay. Kiss it if you want to."

Hope filled Ashluh's eyes and she leaned in, her tongue gingerly touching the areola. "That's it," Eva said encouragingly. Suddenly Ashluh's mouth engulfed it and began to such hard. "Mmmmmm, yes," Eva whispered in encouragement. "Do you like it?"

Ashluh's yes met hers and with as much of the breast in her mouth as she could fit she nodded. It slipped out with a wet slurp, a line of saliva linking it to Ashluh's mouth. Eva leaned in and filled the gap with her tongue. Ashluh whimpered in surprise at first, then kissed back. Eva began to pull Ashluh's dress down on top, exposing her tits. Ashluh's body was rounder but they were full in their own way, her nipples large. Her arousal grew and nipples crinkled, becoming firm as the cool air hit them. Eva drew away from the kiss and it was her turn to explore Ashluh's chest. She pulled her top down and now both of her breasts were free. 

Ashluh gasped in enjoyment, one hand running through Eva's blonde hair while the other played with her tits. Eva, flushed and felt the wetness start anew between her legs. Knowing Ashluh felt the same she drew back and kissed her again, their nipples rubbing against the other's as their chests mashed. Eva drew up her skirt around her waist then Ashluh's. Moving her hand over her thighs and touching her deepest places, Eva rubbed her new lover's slit while inserting her fingers lightly in and out. Whimpers began to leak from her mouth but Ashluh groaned-their mouths still joined, their tongues dancing with one another. Ashluh leaned her head back and thrust her hips against Eva's calling "Oh yes! OH YES!" as her sex rubbed against Eva's hand. Eva ran her hands down to pull down Ashluh's small clothes and shove her fingers deeper into her wet and waiting pussy when for the second time Eva was interrupted.

"Stop this at once you two!" Eva and Ashluh looked over and Ashluh's face went white as she saw her mother and two of her friends staring at them angrily.

Eva sat on a bench in the prisoner cell holding herself, trying to understand what just happened to her and recalling events in her mind. They had pulled Ashluh from her and sent her home. Mrs. Needan stared at her furiously at first. Then, as dark thoughts formed in her head, the anger turned into a wicked smile. At last she spoke, "You have given me everything I need to be rid of you girl," and dragged her to the office of the town magistrate. Now Eva sat in her cell, dreading what may be soon to come.

The door opened and two of the toughs the village used to keep the peace came in and grabbed her. One stared at her lustfully and looked like he was going to force himself on her when the other stopped him, putting his hand on the other's arm. "You won't want this one-she'll likely curse you."

The other brute pulled his hand back in shock, then regained himself and reached back for her.

Confused, Eva looked at him, then the one who spoke, "Why is that? What's going on?"

"Silence witch." Was his only reply.

The words felt like a stab to the stomach. Witch! It had been five years since another had been accused of being a witch. The village did not believe in killing its prisoners. No that would be too hands on and it wanted to be clean and moral. Witches and other criminals were sent naked into the Blackwood Forest. That alone would be punishment enough, having to struggle to survive with no tools and no clothes. But that was not the death sentence. No, it was the beast men that did the actual killing.

"But I'm not witch!" she screamed and they boxed her head, dazing her. The silent brute reached behind him and pulled out a dirty rag which he used to gag her. They dragged her out of the door an into the harsh light.

She was placed into the stock next to a haggard looking man. She recognized him as Eroch. He had been accused of raping and killing one of the smith's daughters and likely more. She knew he had been found with her torn and bloody dress clutched in his hands. It had been an open and shut case. It was clear by the jeers of the crowd that his trial was over and he had been found guilty.

The town square had been turned into a makeshift court. In the village, justice and punishment were public affairs. A man next to the magistrates table stood and read from a parchment. "Our second case is of witchcraft. Miriam Needra and others accuse Eva Tunker of witchcraft!" 

What followed was a stream of false testimony from Mrs. Needra and her friends. They accused her of minor slights such as causing a pox on Mrs. Kasan's daughter, to spoiling milk of people who Eva did not like. All the while, the villagers just nodded, agreeing occasionally. The testimony climaxed as Ashluh was dragged, crying, to the witness stand. She was forced to confess that Eva had tried to seduce her into the black art. Their eyes met, and Eva could see Ashluh pleading for forgiveness, even as she spoke her damning words. Of all the testimony, it was Ashluh's that brought the tears. Ashluh was taken away and Eva could make out the harsh red strap marks on her back, barely covered by her dress. The villagers exploded in outrage, calling for her to be stripped and exiled.

She heard Eroch next to her start to babble at her, "Oh me pretty pretty-we are going into the forest together! Just you and I in our birthing clothes, oh yes!" She shuddered at the lust inherent in his voice as his eyes traced the outlines of her body.

The magistrate pounded the gavel and the village became silent. He stood, tracking the eyes across the gathered mass of people. She could see him pause at key members, Falgren's father, the head baker, the head of the shipping guild, the brewmeister, and a few others, each one nodding in turn until at last he looked at the mayor who also gave a small nod. Nodding himself he drew up to make the announcement, "I find the accused, Eva Tunker, guilty of being a witch per the testimony of the gathered honored of Kinter. She is to be exiled to the Blackwood Forest immediately." Eva fainted.

She woke in a clearing. She was sore and covered in small scratches. She could tell because she was nude. Her wrists were bound but not to anything. She sat up slowly.

"Oy, pretty pretty is awake! She's going to be my new forest friend!" She felt her mouth fill with bile. She had known the girl he had killed. She had been one of the few people in Kinter should would genuinely refer to as sweet and kind. But she was a realist. If she was to survive she would need help. If that mean giving her body to this monster, so be it. And speaking of monsters, somewhere out in the woods was the beast men.

"Quiet!" she hissed. "They will hear you!" 

He too was bound. It was clear that he had struggled; he was covered with more bruises and cuts than her and it took some effort for him to sit up. He winced, but continued talking, "Oy my pretty pretty! Had a good nap then?" He leered at her.

She looked around, trying to find a sharp stick or rock she could use to undo her wrists. 

"Keep looking my pretty pretty! You won't find anything!" he finally stood. She found a rock shard and started sawing at the cheap ropes; they would not have wasted good ones on prisoners about to get dumped into the woods.

"Oh good-you'll have your hands free. I like the way they scratch and slap when I have my way with them!" With those words, her enthusiasm about working with him faded. He wiggled and twisted his wrists, trying to get them free when suddenly his hands flew apart. That was hardly fair!

"Oh, I'll take you three or four times before is slit your pretty throat with that sharp rock!" The rock cut through the bonds at last and she resisted the urge to rub her wrists, clutching the shard like a knife. 

"Stay back she warned, her eyes darting around for a place to run to. He rushed forward and with manic speed, slapped the rock out of her hands. It flew into the bushes which was some comfort, but he grabbed her wrist and squealed with glee, "Oh! It struggles! It struggles!" She looked down and saw his erect member waving back and forth. She had seen them before; one did not live in a village with its festivals and swimming holes and not see people naked. She had even seen pleasures that men and women (and mixes of the two) had with one another. His however, was a small thing. She gritted her teeth and spat at him, "What is that you have there-a twig? I'll hardly feel that!"

He screeched in frustration and shoved her back, dazing her and he screamed, "It will be big enough to tear you open witch!!!"

He began to crawl slowly towards her, clearly delighting in stretching out her agony. He grabbed her foot and pulled her towards him. He shook his hips and his tiny penis waved back and forth eagerly, "You are mine bitch! I'll take you five times now! I'll rape you until you cry for me to kill you and then I will make it slow! That one I killed with be nothing compared to what I do to you and no one will ever know or care!" He stood up, droop and spittle forming around his mouth and prepared to pounce on her when she felt movement beside her. Shaking her head to clear it, she saw them.

There were two of them. Their bodies were those of naked men. Hairy, but no harrier than the villagers she had known. Their bodies were lean-living in the forest clearly meant they had to be in best shape. They were muscular and clearly well fed on something. They walked slightly slumped over as one would if embarrassed, but otherwise human looking-until she looked above their ample shoulders. Their heads were those of rams, with long snouts and curled horns. But as she looked closer, their eyes-their eyes were those of men. There was thought there. Maybe not as smart as she was, but she could tell they were not just animals. The other indication was the stone axes they both carried.

Eroch's eyes squinted as he looked at the creatures and he screamed ferally, "She's mine you beasts!" He crouched and threw himself at the first one, thrashing wildly with clawed hands. With an almost casual ease it swung the club backhanded, striking him in shoulder and knocking him to his knees next to her. He screamed in frustration and pain, clutching his ruined shoulder. "Why are attacking me? She's a witch!" He pointed with Eva with his still working arm accusingly, "I just did what all men do but she cavorts with dark things!" He stopped as a mistaken realization hit him and muttered, "dark things like you." 

The beast looked at him without pity and struck him again and again. Blood sprayed across Eva's naked body. The second beast man came and hit him from behind with his axe. More blood covered her. The body stopped moving. The beast men stopped swinging. They left the body mostly intact. It was well known that they were cannibals; no doubt they would want it intact to make it easier to carry.

She knew she should horrified, but instead felt nothing but an odd satisfaction. There was only the dread that she was next. She rolled over and slowly came to her knees. She found she could not meet their gaze. Nothing happened.

She took a deep breath and built the courage to speak, "Go ahead. Get it over with." Still nothing.

She took another breath and looked up. The two beast men were staring at her, arms at their sides, axes held loosely. She blinked. Unconsciously she moved her arms to hug herself, covering her blood-stained breasts. She looked down, "I wasn't a witch. I just lay with the wrong person at the wrong time. Thank you for killing him. He was a monster."

One of the beast men came closer to her and knelt down next to her. She closed her eyes and felt it move closer, its hot breath on her face. She anticipated the teeth tearing into her flesh. Instead, she felt is hot but surprisingly gentile tongue lick her cheek. She gasped in shock and it moved back a little. She turned to face it, and in its all too human eyes she saw several things; compassion, sympathy, lust. She looked down and saw that its penis was rock hard.

All her life since her parents had died she had been controlled by others. The first time she had taken a say in what happened to he was when she turned the situation around on Ashluh. No more. She leaned forward, her breath causing the creature's penis to twitch. It was large and well-formed and she was slightly intimidated. She had never done this before, but she had seen it done from her vantage at the edge of village parties, or cutting through back alleys while running errands, or watching the Miriam's lips around her husband's in order to get him to do something for her. She had a very good idea of what to do.

Looking up into its eyes, she wrapped her lips around the head. Her hand slowly reached out, first touching the shaft, then gently caressing its testicles. It gave out a pleasured, and not inhuman moan. Encouraged she worked more in its mouth and began to suck. Her other hand joined the first and she slid her head back and forth down the shaft. From watching the other women (and at least one man) she could tell that some took great pleasure in doing what she was doing. To others like Miriam, it was a chore. Eva felt the warmness build in her as she felt herself guiding the beast, giving pleasure then backing off. Its cries told her all she needed to know. She felt the moistness build on her labia, open to the air for the first time as she knelt in front of the best.

She looked to her side and saw the other one, it's penis rock hard and precum dripping from the tip. She knew what she wanted. All her life she had been told to save herself. She did not know if she was going to die today. She knew she wanted to die a full woman. She wiggled her hips and signaled with a limited nod of her head. Human or beast man-dick was dick. A look of surprise and she would have sworn excitement filled its eyes and it scampered over, gently lowering itself behind her. She could not see it, but felt the warmth of its body, then its flesh as it leaned into her, its penis gingerly entering into her eager vagina. It grunted in pleasure, then eased out and then back in experimentally. It cried out again in joy and then slowly, but rapidly building pace as it discovered the sensation of her sopping cunt wrapping itself around its throbbing member. She began to feel waves of first simple pleasure then ecstasy flow through her and she began groaning around the penis still in her mouth. This set the first beast man off even greater and she felt his penis spasm, its balls contracting and felt the hot semen flow from its dick into her mouth. Desperately she swallowed then leaned back, the penis coming out of her mouth still throwing cum all over her. It fell back on its haunches, panting raggedly. 
