 It was an odd set of circumstance that brought me here, a place I really shouldn't be, with a woman I should never have met. Undoubtedly the alcohol had a lot to do with it, those strange orange drinks at the Halloween party. Sure, she had much more than I, and yes, I took advantage of the situation. Otherwise how would a middle aged, somewhat overweight, married man find himself kneeling between this beautiful woman's widespread legs?

When she had turned out the light I was initially disappointed, but as my eyes adjusted, I realized the windows let in the light from nearby streetlights, signs and even the moon, casting a beautiful blue tint to the scene. The beautiful blue tint also gave me and excellent view of her body. Outside I could hear the sounds from parties that spilled out into the street. It was Halloween, but there were not trick or treaters around here, just the costumed drunks in an assortment of costumes.

Ignoring the revelries outside, I slowly moved closer to her, letting my eyes take in every inch of her, beginning with her feet, so small in proportion to the rest of her, the toenails were painted orange and green, colors that oozed into a muted gray in the tinted light. Her calves and thighs were muscular but the skin felt smooth as I let my cheek brush against them. She had said she was dressed as a pumpkin, wearing an oversized orange blouse and her hair dye green. The costume was nice, but it was her legs that caught my attention, beautifully bare from her very short, shorts down to her orange and green toenails.

Resting my head on her thigh I let my gaze wander over her soft, furry mound, the blond hair glowing a light blue in the strange light. Down from the hair, her lips had begun to swell a bit, the slit opening to give me an enticing hint of the delicately curved inner lips. The faint glitter of moisture attracted me, as did the earthy fragrance of her.

Lowering my mouth to her lips, I looked up to her breasts, flattened against her in two, voluptuous mounds, with the nipples standing firm and tall in silhouette. Beyond her breasts I could see her watching me, in drunken anticipation. I paused teasingly, then stared at her eyes as I let the tip of my tongue lightly touch her clit.

She flinched at the sensation and her face tightened some as I continued circling her clit with my tongue. Her eyes then closed as I closed my lips over her nub and gently sucked it, still sliding my tongue on the delicate skin. I moved my hand up and worked two fingers into her wet opening as she began to lift her hips in a rhythmic grind.

Continuing the movement on her clit, occasionally I'd let my tongue slide down her slit and I'd remove my fingers and dart inside her with my tongue, tasting her tangy juices. Then I'd return to her clit as I gazed up at her face.

I could feel her getting closer to coming as the muscles in her thighs tightened and she began moving her hips faster. Looking up at her face, I could see out of the window and noticed some movement in a window across the street. Continuing to suck of her clit and work my fingers in and out of her pussy, I watched as the movement in the window came into focus.

A woman was bent over, her arms on the bed as a man was fucking her hard from behind. As far away as they were, I could see her breasts swinging back and forth, surging each time he crashed himself into her.

Suddenly, I felt my partner lift her hips up, grinding her pussy onto my face. I flicked my tongue quickly over her clit and working my fingers deep inside her until she collapsed back down onto the bed, her cunt pulsing on my fingers.

Returning my attention to the couple in the window across the street, I could see the woman had crawled up on the bed and was on all fours as the man now kneeled behind her. She reached back underneath her as he entered her again.

I quickly pulled my fingers out of my partner's cunt and grabbed her hands, pulling her up. Awash in afterglow and still very drunk, she did everything I wanted her too, which was to bend over with her elbows on the bed and her legs spread wide. Without taking my eyes off the couple across the street, I plunged my cock into her pussy and let her wet, warmth draw me in.

Across the street, the man was crashing his cock into her pussy with such force that she bucked forward with each thrust, nearly hitting her head on the headboard. Hell, I'd swear I could almost hear the slap of their flesh with each thrust.

I immediately began thrusting into the pussy in front of me, trying to match the speed and force of the couple I watched. Feeling the pressure building in my balls, I knew I was getting close when I noticed someone coming in a door in the room next to the couple. Dressed in dark clothing, I thought perhaps he was wearing a costume, but as he turned on the light and moved into the middle of the room, I saw it was just his dark jacket.

Slowing down my thrusts, I diverted all my attention to the apartment across the street. A man had entered the door and turned on the light in what appeared to be the living room. I watched as he walked over to the door and reach for the knob, but then he paused and moved his ear against the door, listening.

Sensations began to roll through my cock as I continued to move slowly, but I still watched as the man stepped away from the door and went over to a desk or something. He opened a drawer and grabbed something and walked back to the bedroom door.

Feeling the intense pleasure run through my cock to my balls I came, shooting my hot cum into the woman. I pushed deep into her as I watched the man open the bedroom door. My cock spurted a few more times as the couple jumped up from the bed, the man holding his hands out, the woman moving toward the man at the door.

Leaning against her ass, I tried to keep my cock buried deep inside her as the man raised his hand. He held a gun. I saw it flash just as my cock slipped out of my partner's pussy. The gun flashed again and again and I heard the sound echo off the buildings, a loud banging sound heard above all the party sounds from the street.

Oblivious to everything, the woman I was with climbed onto the bed, beckoning me to climb in with her. I looked back at the window and saw the man with the gun looking out of his bedroom window. First he looked down to the street to the costumed people laughing, drinking and dancing. I guessed he was trying to see if anyone might have heard what happened, but will all the Halloween parties and the overall drunkenness of the crowd, no one heard or saw anything. No one but me, and I couldn't move, all I could do was stand at the foot of her bed, staring.

The man head moved as he surveyed the windows in the buildings until he stopped, appearing to look directly at me. With the lights out in the room, I hoped he couldn't see me, but he just continued to stare at me. Ignoring the woman begging me to climb into bed with her, I slowly moved to find my clothes.

With my movement, the man in the window moved quickly back into his apartment and, carrying his gun, he headed for the living room. I untangled my clothes from her pumpkin costume, pulled on my pants and shoes and ran out of the woman's apartment without saying a word to her. As I passed through her living room I heard her call out something about the door, but I didn't pay much attention to her, simply calling out, "Okay, bye."

Slipping out the back door of the apartment, I sprinted to my car, started the engine and sped off, darting between an assortment of ghosts, witches, pumpkins, and other costumed drunks. Once away from the parties, I intently watched my rear view window to see if I had been followed.

Once I got a few blocks away, I picked up my cell phone and called my wife. "Hey hon, looks like we'll finish up early. I won't end up spending the night here after all."

"Did you have many kids come to the door?" I asked her, not listening to her response.

"Yeah, well I'll see you in about twenty minutes," I said. I was just about to hang up when I added, "I love you hon." 

At home, I locked all the doors and then quickly headed for the shower, calling out a quick, "Hello," to my wife as I slipped into the shower. She didn't respond and I didn't see her as I had walked through the house. "I might just get away with this," I thought. After a long hot shower I climbed directly into bed, kissed my wife goodnight and pretended to fall fast asleep.

The next morning I rushed out and grabbed the newspaper, wondering what I might find about the shooting. Opening the paper I saw it, the lead headline read: Halloween Murders! Apparent triple homicide in two apartments across the street from each other, the three victims all appeared to have attended the same Halloween Party at a nearby bar. The assailant is presumed to have known all the victims since there were no signs of a break-in at either apartment.

"My God," I thought to myself, "the door... she asked me to lock the door and all I did was say okay and leave." I read on: All three victims were found naked, the first two were apparently engaging in sex when interrupted by the killer. The third victim had recently had sex with a man. Police theorize that perhaps the killer was with the lone victim, killing her after having sex with her when he noticed the couple across the street and was afraid they may have witnessed the killing. Apparently, the killer got dressed in a hurry and then ran across the street to kill the two witnesses. The crime lab is presently taking DNA samples from both apartments.

"No, no, no," I moaned. "Why didn't I wear a condom?" I asked myself, then thinking of the girl I realized that by not locking the door, I'd gotten her murdered. "Shit, and the police think I committed all three murders."

I picked up the paper and walked upstairs to my study. Passing the bedroom, my wife said something to me, something about my brother coming over... showing off his Halloween costume. I just nodded and headed into the study, closing the door behind me.

I read the entire article, trying to see it perhaps they had some other leads, something that would take them away from me. I considered contacting them, telling the truth and hoping for the best. I mean I left DNA and fingerprints at one of the apartments, but I wasn't even near the other. Surely they'd see I was telling the truth.

The truth... the truth... hell, how could I tell the truth? My wife would inevitably find out where I was and what I was doing. That would be the last straw, she had stayed with me before, but now... this would be it. When we got back together after our first split she came with a lawyer and I basically just signed everything away if I ever fucked around again. Hell, if she found out I stood to lose my house, my company, my...

Looking though the window, I saw a uniformed police officer climb out of an unmarked car. He looked up at the house and then headed for the front door. "Fuck, what do I do now?" I asked myself.

When the doorbell rang I opened my desk drawer, grabbed my keychain and unlocked the small lockbox. Lifting the cover I reached in and grabbed my gun just as I heard my wife say, "I'll get the door."

I slowly made sure the gun was loaded, turned off the safety and slipped the barrel into my mouth. Hearing the footsteps on the stairs I moved my finger to the trigger. I slowly began to squeeze as I heard my wife call out: "Your brother's here, he's wearing his costume from last night. You know he looks like a real..."

The door opened and the policeman... no, my brother stepped into the room, just as I locked the lockbox and closed the drawer. I looked him over and said, "Wow, if I didn't know that was you I might be ready to confess to a crime.

"Yeah, we had some kicks at the party with the uniform. I missed you guys there so I thought I'd stop by and let you see it. Got to return it by five today or else I pay extra."

"I had to work late yesterday, so no Halloween for me."

"Hey, you hear about the murders? You know I almost went to that same party, but decided to stop of at Jake's, it's a lot closer."

"What have you heard about it?"

"Last I heard, they are looking for two people, one the suspect and one either another suspect or just a potential witness. They think someone was with the single victim and he and the victim may have witnessed the murder across the street. Apparently the guy rushed out leaving the woman alone. A real saint huh?"

"What do you mean?"

"Leaving her alone like that. Hell he practically pulled the trigger himself, leaving the door unlocked."

"How do they know that?"

"They don't, some expert has been talking about it on the news, all speculation so far, but sounds about right to me."

My God, my God, I got that poor woman killed. I was so frightened he was chasing me, I didn't think of her. "Anything else?"

"Need to watch the news in the next few days, I wouldn't be surprised if some witness turned up dead."

"Does the killer know who the witness is?"

"No, but with the news coverage he knows someone saw him do it. Well I better run here and get this costume back."

"Okay bro, see you later," I replied, feeling a bit dizzy. I sat back down at my desk as my brother headed back downstairs.

My wife stepped into the study and asked, "Are you okay? You look terrible."

"No, no I'm fine, just a lot of stress at work."

The next morning I rushed out to pick up the paper. I hurried up to the study and closed the door behind me. Unfolding the paper I looked at the front page: Halloween Murderer Still At Large Police are searching for a local man in connection with the death of his wife and her apparent lover, along with a woman who lived across the street. Police are also searching for a man who was apparently in the room with the single woman hoping he might have witnessed the initial killing. 

Damn, I knew I should contact the police, for the woman's sake at least, but if I did my wife was sure to find out and if she found out I was sure to lose everything. The only thing to do was... was act like everything is normal. 

I got up and went into the bedroom where I heard the shower running. "Hmm... I'll surprise her," I thought to myself peeking into the bathroom, but she wasn't there. Figuring she must have gone down to get the towels from the dryer or something, I sat down on the bed.

Sure enough, in just a few moments I saw her at the door, completely naked. Feeling my cock begin to grow I looked at her. Her hair was a bit mussed and yeah, her breasts sagged a bit, but she was still exciting. I looked up at her face and she had an odd, defiant look on her face.

"Hon? What are you..." before I could finish she raised her arm, she was holding a gun... my gun. "What are you doing with that?" I asked, noticing she was wearing gloves.

"Well darling," she said, overemphasizing the 'darling.' "I'm about to hear a gunshot, rush into the study and find you dead. It seems you are about to kill yourself."

"Now hon, the gun's not even..."

"Oh it's loaded all right," she said, motioning me to get up.

I stood up asking, "But why?"

"Halloween night," she said, leaning her head to the right and nodding knowingly at me.

"Halloween night?"

"Don't act stupid. Halloween night."

"Okay... okay hon, but she didn't mean a thing to me. I mean it, I love you."

"Shhh, be quiet!"

"But..."

"Shut up will you?"

I closed my mouth and shrugged my shoulders.

"Don't you see, I didn't catch you, you caught me on Halloween."

I was confused. I could only shrug my shoulders again.

"I did something that night, I took care of a problem."

"What do you mean?"

"You weren't the only one cheating on me Halloween night you asshole. No, someone else cheated on me. I walked in on them and, well settled the problem."

"I don't understand."

"You dolt, remember the apartment across the street from where you were fucking that pumpkin woman?"

"Yes, some guy came in and killed them."

"Some guy? That's what you think you saw?"

"Yeah, some guy... wait, no, I just assumed..."

"There you go."

"But why?"

"Like I said," she replied, "you weren't the only one cheating on me."

"The man?"

"Guess again."

"The woman?"

She smiled and nodded her head.

"But you're not..."

"Not lesbian? Are you sure?"

"I ah... well, ah."

"I'd been with her for ten years," she said.

"But we've been only married for uh..."

"Fourteen years you shit."

"And?"

She nodded, "I've had an affair with her for ten of them."

"So, why were you so mad when I had that affair?"

"Don't you see... nobody cheats on me."

"But..."

"NOBODY," she screamed.

"Okay, okay, but won't you put the gun down. No one has to know about this."

"But the story needs an ending."

"What story?"

"The one I tell police when I call them after you kill yourself."

"But I'm not going..."

"Sit down and shut up," she said sternly, point the gun at the chair behind my desk. "Okay, good, thank you for finally listening to me. You see, you are distraught... you witnessed a murder while committing adultery. The killer sees you and comes over to take care of you, but you ran away, leaving that poor woman behind. Thinking she could have seen the murder too, she is killed. By not locking the door you were instrumental in getting her killed.

"Afraid to go to the police because your wife may find out about the affair, yet feeling responsible for the woman's death, well, some people just can't handle all the stress. You unlock the lockbox, put the gun in your mouth and kill yourself. I find your body, call the police and tell them you were out late on Halloween and they take over. The have your disgusting DNA inside her and now they have a body to match the DNA to. All I have to do is quickly shower and wash off the blood splatter, get dressed and then run in here. Any blood I get on me then will be because I touched you in my despair."

"But honey, you don't have to..." I felt the barrel of the gun push into my mouth and I closed my eyes. I felt the barrel shaking in my mouth and then I heard...