 "Well tonight is the big night Val. You have everything you need?" Bud asked his wife. 

She smiled and said, "Yep. I'm ready as I every will be. I rented the outfit for you yesterday and my outfit is now complete with this green body paint. You still want me to wear this outfit, if you can call it that? God Bud there sure not much to it. Star Trek Slave girl! When did you come up with that one?"

He walked towards her and said, "Oh yea I want you to wear it alright! You look fantastic in it and I'm betting you'll win first place." 

When he was in front of her he pulled her beautiful body to him and kissed her hard. She let his tongue explore the inside of her mouth as she held him tight. 

When they broke their embrace she let out a big breath and said, "Woo! Wow! You really do want me to wear it don't you. That kiss told me everything and now I'm wet! I guess I am your slave girl for tonight. Right? You like that idea don't you?"

He laughed and said, "What do you think?"

She gave him a very sexy smile and pushed her body into his. She stood on her toes to reach his face and kissed him. He lifted her and carried her to the bed. She held on to him and told him to wait. She had a great deal to do before she would be ready and he would have to keep his hormones in check until later tonight when they got home from the costume party! "Now go get ready yourself." 

She patted his big lump in the front of shorts. He moaned and walked into the bathroom and took his shower. 

He slowly stroked his semi-hard cock thinking about how Val was going to look in her Star Trek Siberian Slave Girl costume. She had even agreed to use green body paint to cover her body and making it completely green. She had an out fit which was mostly a group of rags stitched and glued together. The top was very low cut and was made of very think material. Val couldn't wear a bra with it since the top was cut to fit off her shoulders. Most of her full 34 C/D breasts would be seemed hanging out of the top while her nipples would show against the thin material. She made a mental note to make sure she didn't bend over fast or her tits would surely fall out. She would have to hold her hands on them if she bent forward. The bottom of the dress was cut high above her left knee maybe 6 or 7 inches. Then the bottom was cut even higher as it angled up to her left hip. The slit would show her panties whenever she moved. It couldn't be helped and she would have to remember to keep her legs crossed as much as she could. She smiled as she was thinking how she was going to look dancing, especially the fast ones. The panties that came with the outfit were green too. Combined with her body paint you had to take a double look to make sure she wasn't nude under that little dress. 

Then she fixed her hair just like the picture that came with the outfit. She stood in front of the mirror and said, "Not bad for a 38-year-old mother of two. You look almost as good as that 20-year-old model on the cover of the box. She was the woman who played the part of the slave girl in the movie years ago in the first Star Tech series! She shook her body as if she was dancing and said, "Shit! I might as well wear nothing! Why the hell do I let Bud talk me into these thinks! Then she yelled, "Bud you almost ready?"

She heard him say, "Yep! One more minute babe!"

He was going as the evil Captain Kirk. For those who don't remember, the transporter broke as Kirk was being beamed aboard and it split him into a good and evil Captain. He would have a chain around her neck and she would be his slave for the night. He smiled as he was thinking about her dressed in that outfit and he knew he would be hard all night. He turned as she walked into the spare bedroom where he had his clothes and was dressing. She had the two closets in the master bedroom full with her stuff so he used the one in the spare bedroom. He just looked at her and didn't say anything. She smiled and said, "Well? How do I look?"

He licked his lips and said, "WOW!" He walked towards her and she stopped him.

She smiled and told him, "Look lover boy, it took us both over an hour to cover me with this green paint. And, I have to give this body paint a few more minutes to dry. So don't touch. Now go make me a drink. Oh you look very evil babe!"

She laughed and turned around so he could see the entire dress and the whole outfit. He laughed and said, "Jesus Val! I'm wondering if I should let you wear that outfit. You're hanging out everywhere and I love it. Let's stay home and have our own slave master party."

She said, "WHAT? No way buster. It took me 2 fucking hours to do all this and now we're going to the party! Come on fix me a drink. I can't touch anything for a few more minutes.

They walked down the stairs and into the kitchen he made drinks and she practiced siting and bending. He just watched her and had a hard on already as he handed her the drink. He said, "I'm going to be hard as hell all night Val. God I have a hard on now just watching you sit and cross your legs That outfit is fucking hot baby"

She said, "Well I have to be very careful how I do tings Bud or I'm going to pop out or fall out."

She put on her raincoat and they headed to the hall where the dance was being held. She said, "How long is this dance?"

He said, "The tickets said 9-1AM! But we don't have to say that long. We could leave early and go home and play our own slave master games. If you know what I mean"

She smiled and said, "We'll see. Right now I'm to worry about how I'm going to keep all of me inside this dress. If you can call it that!"

He said, "Well you look great! I know I don't tell you this enough but you look so beautiful Val. I'm a lucky man!"

She said, "Thank you. You look pretty hot yourself as the evil Kirk! But please don't be to evil tonight until we get home this outfit won't take much manhandling."

He smiled and touched her chin. The paint was finally completely dry. They drove and 25 minutes later they arrived with Val fighting him off all the way!

They walked in and handed their coats to the lady at the coat check. She handed him the ticket and said you'll have to hold these I don't have any pockets." They both smiled and walked into the dance.

It was 9:15PM and things were going great. They walked in and saw a bunch of great costumes. But the one that really stood out and that they both liked was the one in the corner. There was a couple in the corner who had on full length to the floor outfits that looked a little like what a monk would wear, robes. It was hooded and the hood was up and covered their faces completely. You couldn't see their faces even up close. The outfit was an off white and looked like burlap or something along those lines. Nothing on their bodies showed. They held a fake candle that was bright enough to light up their masks, which look like the one from the movie Scream! They were standing in the corner and didn't say or do anything. When they did walk, they walked very slowly together from place to place. They looked very scary and in fact as Val and Bud passed them Val said, "Great costumes!"

The couple didn't say a think but they did look down at her. As she passed she could feel their eyes following her. Val felt a shiver going up her back. She didn't know why. She felt them watch her as she walked. Val took her husband's arm and pulled him close to her. He said, "What's wrong?"

She said, "Nothing that couple just gives me the creeps!"

He laughed and said, "Yea! They look great don't they?"

She said, "Yea as long as they don't sit with us!"

He laughed again when they saw their friends at the table and waved. As they sat down every guy was looking at Val. Finally Bob who was dressed up in a Mexican bandit outfit with real bullets and everything said, "Dam Val that's almost a great outfit. You look just like the slave girl I always dreamed of!"

They all laughed and Bud said, "Well this slave girl belongs to me! And remember the evil Kirk doesn't allow his salve to be with anyone unless he tells her it's OK. Right babe?"

She said, "Right master!"

Bob almost choked on his drink!"

He smiled but he knew Bud was serious!"

The band came on stage and the music started. Everyone moved to the dance floor, except the two in the corner. They just stood there watching Val and Bud dance. Everything Val looked at them she felt their eyes were watching her. She told Bud three times that they were watching her but when Bud looked he didn't see them looking in their directions. He told Val that she was imagining things. He said, "Besides, every man in the place was looking at you in that outfit."

The dance went on and it was 10:30PM before they knew it. The band stopped and the judges came up on stage to announce who the winners were for best costumes. 

Number one was the couple who had on the hoods and who he called ghouls. Val felt they were still staring at her as they stood on the stage. Everyone clapped for them. They were the best, even Bud and Val said so.

Number two was Val! Again everyone clapped and cheered for her as she walked up on stage a little embarrassed because of the costume she had on. Bud looked around the room and saw that almost every man was watching keenly as Val tried to walk up the 4 steps to get on stage. The guys in the back were even standing to see her walk. He smiled to himself. Val tried to cover her thighs and panties a little as she walked up the steps but the dress was just too short to allow it. Finally she reached the stage and walked to the middle and stood next to the two ghouls. She didn't like it at all. She was truly scared of them and she didn't know why.

She could feel their eyes looking down on her. That's when she realized they were both well over 7 foot tall. Again she shivered. The third place prize went to a guy dressed like the president.

Fourth place went to the couple dressed like Mexican bandit, Bob and his wife. They came up and the 6 people stood together as the cameraman took their picture. He had to move them closer together to get the best short. Val was touching the long hooded outfit of one of the two, ghouls.

She could feel a kind of cold coming off of him/her/it. She tried to move but the guy dressed like the president liked standing next to her and wouldn't move. She tried to stay still and let the cameras flash as more pictures were taken by a bunch of folks including her husband. They were all standing on the floor taking pictures of the winners up on stage. Val knew her panties and pussy shots were going to be on a lot of the pictures from that angle. She tried to smile but she began to feel colder from standing next to the ghouls on her right.

Finally the announcer said, "OK folks the band will be back in 15 minutes, right now food will be served by table number. And he thanked all the folks who had dressed up, especially thanked the folks who won. Each got a gift certificate in different amounts. 

As Val was walking away, one of the ghouls grabbed her hand and took her out on the dance floor. He didn't say anything. He just pulled her to him. As they danced she looked up into his face and saw dark black eyes looking down on her. She felt the cold coming off of him and was now hitting the front of her body. She tried to pull away a little but couldn't. It held her tight and as the music went on Val felt something pressing against her pussy, directly against it! She tried again to move out a little, but the ghoul held her tighter. Val could feel the large lump now pushing into her vagina on the outside of her green panties. She looked up at the Scream face, which covered the real face of the ghoul and she said, "Stop that! Let me go!"

The ghoul shook his head but he didn't say a word to her. Val was straining now to pry herself away from the thing. The dance floor was very crowed. She felt the front of her short dress move and she wondered how it was moving since she felt the hands of the ghouls, one was around her back holding her ass and the other one she holding her hand.

She tried to pull the bottom of her body away from the ghoul's but she was being held, how she didn't know. She could feel the huge lump pressing harder now between her legs. Then she felt the small part of her green panties that covered her pussy begin to move just about 3 inched. 

But those three inches were the inches that directly covered her pussy. She was now being held and her panties were being held. She tried to pull away but it was no use. She tried to speak but she had no voice. She struggled and bumped into people but the ghoul wouldn't release her. Then she felt it! 

She was being inserted with something. Something large and she could feel the thing wiggling and wiggling around between her legs. It was making her moan. It then slowly moved inside her pussy and began to swell. She now had 3 inches inside her body and as she began to pull harder! She knew it was no use. Whatever this ghoul was he had her and noting was going to help her. She searched for her husband and couldn't see him. But she did feel her breasts being squeezed and played with but she didn't know how since the ghoul had her ass held with one hand and the other was still holding her hand. The thing wiggling between her legs was coming from it but she didn't know how.

She was being attacked everywhere and didn't know who or how it was being done. The thing between her legs was now 6 inches inside her and still growing and swelling to an uncomfortable size. 

Her breasts felt like they were being squeezed and her nipples hurt as they felt like they were both being sucked hard at the same time. She moaned again but this time it was from the pleasure. She didn't feel the cold any longer. But she did feel the thing between her legs wiggling deeper now. She realized it was more than 9 inches inside her body and filling her like she had never been filled before.

The song seemed to go on and on. She knew the song. It was "The Sea Of Love" She was now being squeezed tighter by the ghoul and now when she looked around there were no other dancers on the floor. It was just the ghoul and Val dancing now. He was bending over her now and she realized the thing between her legs belonged to him. She looked down and saw it coming out of his hooded outfit. She couldn't see any slit or hole. It just looked like it was there and it was huge! She knew she had 10 + inches in her pussy and there was still at least 12 more between them. He slowly moved towards her and she felt it going in. "OH God! Help me!" was all she could say. 

The ghoul spoke for the first time! She couldn't understand what it said. It moved closer and she felt more of him enter her. She was now almost being lifted up off the floor by the very thick, long hard thing in her pussy. He held her tighter and she moaned as she felt the thing begin to move in and out, in and out, in and out of her body. The feeling was indescribable and it was stimulation her body everywhere. She seemed to be floating now. They both were floating as she opened her legs wider for it! She didn't do it they opened automatically. 

Again the ghoul spoke and again she could understand what it was saying. But she wasn't scared any longer. She was floating higher and higher as she was looking up at the face of the ghoul and began to rock on the thick hard and very, very long thing wiggling in and out of her pussy. She was now enjoying it very much. In fact she was opening her body to it. Welcoming it into her deeper and deeper! 

She then realized she wasn't dancing on the dance floor at all. She was now floating on her back with the ghoul on top of her fucking her faster and harder. She put her face into the chest and felt noting inside the outfit. She looked up into the face again and saw nothing, not even the face from the movie Scream, only its black eyes! 

Then she heard herself moan again and she began to pump her hips up into the spirit on top of her. She was having the best orgasm of her life. Again and again she felt the thing inside her wiggling and driving into her cunt. She was being stimulated like she had never been before. Her tits were both being sucked; her pussy was being fucked with 20 inches of something. It seem to wrap around the inside of her womb. Plus, her clit was being sucked while another thinner stem coming from the ghoul had entered her ass hole. There was no pain. 

She was now stuffed in both holes and being fucked like never before. She screamed and thrust her pelvis up into the being above her. Faster and faster she humped on the thing inside her and again and again the ghoul thrust his sex into her!

Now it was moving as fast as anything she had ever felt. The hardness and thickness of it was remarkable and she was completely adjusted to it. She felt wonderful. There was no pain even if she was being fucked by the biggest, longest, and hardness sex organ that belonged to the ghoul on top of her. 

She relaxed completely now and began to fuck it back. The she screamed and felt liquid being pumped into her womb. The thigh inside was now spewing something into her womb. She had never felt anything like this in her life. She was sure the thing was cumming and it was sending her to new levels of excitement and rapture. She simply moaned as she felt it pumping and pumping and pumping more of it's cum into Val's body. 

She was to far gone to even care what it was doing. Whatever it was doing made her body feel like it had never felt before. Good, no the word was fantastic, fabulous, unbelievable. Out of this word. She hung on to the tall ghoul floating high above as he fucked her for she had no idea how long. She seemed to be floating higher and higher with each orgasm she had. She had lost count of the number. The thing inside her had cum at least 4 times too! She was full of it's cum. She knew both holes were full of it's liquid. The fucking of her life went on and on and on.

Then the next thing she realized she was on the dance floor being held by her husband and a doctor was kneeling next to her. She looked around to see a bunch of folks looking at her. She searched the crowd for the two ghouls they were gone. She couldn't find them. She asked Bud, "What . . . what happened? Where are . . . the. . .?"

Bud said, "What? Who? You passed out baby! How do you feel?

He held her and she tried to stand. She felt drunk but knew she had only two drinks. One at home with her husband and one at the dance. It was weak and she knew dam well she wasn't drunk. Bud held her and they walked to the table. She said, "I have no idea Bud. One second I was dancing and the next I was floating with the ghoul I was dancing with. Then the next thing I remember you were kneeling next to me and I was on the floor."

He said, "Ghouls? What ghouls?"

She said as she looked around, "That couple we saw as we came back in to the dance. You know the ones with the long robes on."

He said, "Yes Val I remember them but they weren't dancing with you. You were dancing by yourself when I saw you. After the prizes were given out I waited for you to come back to the table. The music started and I didn't see you. When you didn't come back to the table I assumed you went to the bathroom. I went too. When I came back into the ball room I saw you dancing by yourself. What was that all about?"

She continued to look for the ghouls. She said, "I.. I.. I don't know Bud I don't remember doing that. I do remember being pulled on to the dance floor by one of the two ghouls. He wouldn't let me go and held me tight. I seem to float up off the floor with him. And. . . "

She stopped and didn't tell Bud what had happened after that. She didn't want to have him think she had lost her mind. He said, "Let's go home."

She said, "I'm OK. Besides it's early yet what time is it anyway?"
