 The Best Little Whorehouse That Ever Was... or Was It?

I had just gotten home and needed a hot steamy and long shower. I still don't believe what happened my cock is still rock hard, I am dripping with sweat. Today is a day that I will never forget. My clothes came off as I walked into the bathroom, I open the shower door and turned the hot water on. Steam begins too fill the bathroom. The mirrors are all fogged as I begin too step in the shower I see writing forming on the foggy mirror. Letter after letter I L*O* this is really beginning too freak me out. V*E I can't believe what's going on Y*O*U. What the hell is going on I shake my head and look again, but there is nothing on the mirror. My nerves are shot and I step into the shower and feel the hot water running down my body. My cock is rock hard and I begin too lather my self all over.

As I run my hands along my body I get a strange sensation. It feels like a hand wrapping around my cock and balls...The feeling of my balls tighten and my cock being squeezed hard and stroked long slow strokes. I am freaked, but also excited my cock is so fucking hard and my balls so tight. I keep lathering myself up as the pleasure washes through me. I begin too moan and as my mouth opens it fills with water I almost begin too choke, but I still keep going. My mind starts wandering as the pleasure washes over me. Penelope, her name just pops into my head. This can't be happening, but the pleasure I am feeling is all too real. My cock is throbbing and being squeezed, my balls are being massaged. The water runs all over me I just stand there as I feel a hot mouth begin to engulf my cock. The feelings get so mingled the sensations of the hot water and hot mouth. I feel a tingling as I lean back against the shower wall, my breathing starts cummin faster and shorter I feel like I might faint. 

The feeling of hands wrapping around me holding tight keeping me from falling. My cock is throbbing I can feel my cum building deep inside. This is the hottest and horniest I have ever been, the mouth around my cock feels so good I can't stand it. My moan's come faster and stronger I am getting ready too cum it's building up and ready too explode. My body tightens here it....Damn all of a sudden everything stops I was on the cusp of shooting my load then nothing. Whoever or whatever was doing this stopped and totally stopped at the last moment. Al of a sudden there was no hot water and I got the coldest shock I ever have gotten, now I am definitely out of any horny mood. My cock went instantly soft I quickly turn the water off as I begin shivering I step out and grab a dry towel and wrap myself tight.

I step out of the bathroom and walk into the livingroom where I find a roaring fire and soft music in the back ground. Now I know that I didn't light a fire or turn on the stereo, wait a minute the stereo isn't even turned on. Where is that music coming from and there is also women's voices. I wrap my towel around me and walk around my apartment trying to see what's going on I suddenly feel my cock beginning to grow harder and fatter pressing against my towel. There is a sudden squeeze like someone grabbed a hold of my cock. It gets tighter and I feel my cock being pulled and stroked and squeezed. Suddenly I am getting all hot and bothered again. I fall on to the floor on my plush carpeting in front of the fire. There was a feeling that I was being helped down too the floor as my towel was unwrapped leaving me naked in front of the fire. The hairs all over my body stood on end and my cock throbbed.

There exposed too the world or at least too my four walls I lay next too the fire all hot and bothered and rock hard. Who started the fire? I know it wasn't me something is going on here. Looking around I didn't see any one this is really freaking me out. 

The only thing that keeps coming too my mind is Penelope, this can't be happening that was all just a dream. Wasn't it?

To be continued...