 Well you never would have thought, Irvine Linaker thought, staring at the innocuous redbrick building. He paid the taxi driver, waited until the man drove off and then walked up to the corner entrance.

This was a nice neighbourhood. Further down the street he saw people, mainly old blood socialites, queuing up outside the Colonial Theatre. Looking the other way he saw the respectable stone façade of the Downington Hotel.

Linaker walked up a short flight of stone stairs and pressed a buzzer. A weather-beaten gargoyle looked down on him with a disapproving gaze.

"K.T. Exotics, how may I help you?" a voice crackled back at him, the sultry tones still clear despite the distortion.

"Councilman Irvine Linaker," he replied.

Linaker heard the bolts click back as the door unlocked. A buzzing sound prompted him to enter.

Linaker looked up at the gargoyle, winked and then walked through the door. On the other side was a plain corridor. To Linaker's right a small flight of steps led down to a small room. A group of rough looking men were playing cards around a table strewn with beer bottles and submerged beneath a thick pall of cigarette smoke. One of the men got up from the table and led Linaker to a lift at the end of the corridor.

"Fifth floor," the man said, closing the door behind Linaker.

Linaker felt a familiar tingle of excitement as he pressed the button and waited for the lift to rattle up to the fifth floor. This was the first time he'd visited this particular establishment and he was eager to find out if the snippets and rumours he'd heard were true. Nervously, he ran a hand through his short salt and pepper hair. He fiddled with his expensive silk tie.

The lift opened and warm air rushed in like a wave. The heat was a marked contrast to the cold of the first floor. Linaker felt like he'd been enfolded in a velvet glove. The air carried the exotic scents of strong perfume, sweat and a musky undercurrent of sex.

A tall, beautiful blonde girl greeted Linaker. She wore a black fishnet bodystocking that covered very little of her bronzed flesh. The voluptuous curves of her body radiated a raw, animalistic sex appeal.

"Welcome to the Succubus Boudoir, Councilman Linaker," she said with a melodious clipped accent. "We've been expecting you."

"A pleasure," Linaker replied. He possessed enough class to stare straight into her emerald eyes even though he longed to let his gaze linger over the luscious curves of her body. She was stunning, and Linaker was a man used to the company of beautiful women.

"Follow me," the girl said. "Mr Koontz has arranged for the VIP room to be at your disposal.

VIP, Linaker smiled. Exactly as it should be.

The walls were upholstered in soft black velvet and lit with an intimate red glow. Linaker's attention was caught by the paintings on the wall. They looked like the usual erotic depictions of kinky sex acts, but when Linaker looked more closely he realised the girls weren't human. They possessed horns, tails, wings and even cloven hooves.

"Unusual paintings," Linaker commented. He couldn't work out whether the demons' attentions were causing their victims pain or pleasure.

"Mr Koontz is a man of eclectic tastes," the girl replied.

"So I see," Linaker said. He'd heard rumours about that as well.

The girl took Linaker through a thick black curtain and into an open room. A brightly lit drinks bar curved out from the far wall. A girl with the lithe body of a professional dancer slowly gyrated around a long metal pole. Men in expensive suits sat on plush leather sofas, their arms around beautiful girls in revealing outfits. They didn't pay any notice to Linaker. Their attentions were either captivated by the girls next to them or by the girl dancing on stage. Linaker was not surprised. He was astounded by how beautiful the girls were.

Where had Koontz found them all?

"We only employ the best staff," the blonde said. She directed Linaker through another heavy drape and into a corridor lined with doors upholstered in plush red leather.

One of the doors opened and Linaker was confronted by a slim redhead wearing tight leather and a black mask. She smiled seductively before walking past in the direction of the bar. Linaker stole a glimpse into the room she'd exited as he carried on down the corridor. He saw a balding man imprisoned in stocks in the centre of the room. Two women wearing dominatrix outfits dripped molten candle wax onto his naked body.

"We cater for all tastes," the blonde girl said.

"My predilections run more to the vanilla," Linaker said. "I'm afraid you'll probably find me to be quite boring."

The corridor terminated in a door. The blonde unlocked it.

"That's nothing to be ashamed of," the blonde said. "Our staff are very proficient at anticipating their client's desires..." She glanced back at him, her eyes twinkling. "...and discovering new ones."

She pushed the door open.

"Here we are. The VIP room."

Linaker's attention was immediately drawn to the bed. It was enormous. It was perfectly round and maybe eight feet across. There were no sheets he could see; instead it was covered in a smooth, black material that gleamed with a glossy sheen in the dim light. Latex or PVC? Linaker wondered. Very kinky either way. Fixed to the ceiling above the bed was a circular mirror almost as wide as the bed itself.

"Very nice," Linaker commented. Like the rest of the club, the walls and ceiling were upholstered in soft black velvet. The thick carpet beneath his feet was also black. Old fashioned lava lamps illuminated the room in a soft red glow.

Definitely VIP, Linaker thought. He could see himself having a lot of fun in here.

The blonde showed him through into an immaculately clean and well lit en-suite. "You can shower here," she said. "If you'd like to get undressed, your girl will be along shortly."

"I don't get a choice?" Linaker said, taking off his jacket.

"Mr Koontz insisted it should be a surprise," the blonde girl smiled.

"A pity," Linaker said. "I was hoping it would be you."

The girl's lips spread wide in a smile and she kissed him lightly on the cheek. "I'm sorry honey. I'm already booked. Maybe next time."

"You could always pop by and join us later once you're finished," Linaker smiled, a mischievous twinkle in his eye. "I can make it worth your while."

"I think you'll be kept more than occupied as it is," the blonde laughed. She blew him a kiss before leaving him alone in the room.

More than occupied, Linaker thought as he unbuttoned his shirt. What did she mean by that? Two girls? Three girls? Or maybe one little firecracker to really get his rocks off?

Linaker was impressed. He'd heard Koontz had a reputation for greasing palms, but this club was something else. The room, especially the bed, looked extremely opulent. The girls he'd seen so far had all been stunningly beautiful. Koontz sure knew how to run an exclusive club.

Best of all, it was completely free, gratis, complements of the house, and all the rest. Bribery was such a crude word. Linaker was a public servant. His job was to snip away the red tape that bedevilled the average hard-working businessman. If those businessmen then chose to give him gifts, then that was a nice gesture on their part and in no way or form payment for services rendered.

Koontz ran a nice club. It was a shame Linaker was going to give him a complete and utter butt-fucking.

Linaker showered and checked out his body in the bathroom mirror as he towelled it dry. Still in good shape, he thought. The paunch around his midriff grew a little each year, but it wasn't standing out yet. His upper body was a little smoother nowadays, but the muscles underneath were still clearly visible.

Not bad at all, he thought.

His phone rang and Linaker picked it up in annoyance. He thought he'd told the office he wasn't to be... ah, it was Kate, his youngest daughter.

"Hiya Sweet Pea. How's my favourite princess?" he answered.

"Hi Daddy. Mommy wants to know when you'll be home."

"Oh I'm sorry Sweet Pea. Daddy had to stay behind at the office to do some really important work this evening. Can you tell Mommy I'm going to be late?"

"Okay Daddy."

"Your Daddy loves you very much Sweet Pea."

"Yes Daddy. I love you too."

Linaker switched off the phone and tossed it onto the counter. He looked at himself in the mirror and brushed a hand through his salt and pepper hair. He walked back into the main room.

He supposed he just waited now.

He put a hand on the bed. The surface was unusual to touch. It was smooth like rubber, but also soft and warm.

Very kinky.

He dived backwards onto the bed and was surprised when it didn't rock or sway beneath him. He would have sworn it was a waterbed, but there wasn't any movement. Instead he just sank a little into the luxuriously soft mattress. It was very comfortable. The surface had been impregnated with some kind of perfume and the musky aroma surrounded him as he lay back on the smooth surface.

Where had his girl got to? he thought.

He looked up in the mirror. It looked like he was floating in a pool of oil. His pale flesh stood out against the black all around him.

Linaker lay back and smiled. Nights in exclusive brothels, kickbacks, getting his cock cleaned by gorgeous girls; he sure loved the perks of his job. The moral pygmies could go fuck themselves. Linaker knew what he wanted from life.

He knew what Koontz wanted as well. It was a shame Linaker had already granted planning permission for the new lakeshore entertainment complex to a consortium from Vegas. For a very nice sum indeed as it happened. It was unfortunate. Linaker didn't intentionally want to fuck Koontz over; the game just rolled that way sometimes.

Koontz was a new player. He'd get over it. And if this girl, if she ever showed up, was good then next time Linaker would shunt Koontz up the list.

That was the game and the house, or rather City Hall, always won. Linaker wouldn't have had it any other way.

Linaker heard a soft sigh. He sat up and looked around the room. There was no one he could see.

Must be one of the neighbouring rooms, he thought as he lay back down on the bed. It really was comfortable, Linaker thought. He'd have to find out where they got it from. He lay back and looked up at his reflection. He looked like he was suspended in space. He relaxed on the bed, feeling all of the day's tension slowly drain from his muscles.

If his girl didn't show up soon she was going to find him fast asleep.

Something rubbed against his shoulder blades.

Linaker sat up in surprise. He heard a feminine giggle. It was close enough that it had to be in the room, but he couldn't identify the source.

Was someone playing a joke on him?

He lay back down.

The bed was definitely moving. It felt like hands were pushing up and rubbing against his back, shoulders and neck. It was odd, but Linaker didn't jump up or move out of the way this time. He lay back and basked in the feeling as the movements massaged his whole body. It was extremely relaxing.

He really had to find out where they'd got this bed from.

Linaker heard a soft moan.

Where was it coming from?

The bed suddenly began to push up between his legs. He looked down and watched in amazement as a bulge slowly grew out of the surface of the bed. The rubber surface glistened in the dim red lights.

Incredible! His girl was actually in the bed itself. He watched as the growing bulge resolved itself into the head of a beautiful girl. The soft rubber material stretched over her high cheekbones and then carried on down to cover her neck like a second skin.

Linaker's legs slipped further apart as her shoulders rose up out of the bed. He watched as the rubber stretched outwards over the slopes of her breasts.

This was fantastic, Linaker thought. He'd heard rumours that Koontz ran a special place, but he'd never expected a show like this. He wasn't even sure of what he was seeing.

How had they got her into the bed? How could she even breathe?

And the covering. What kind of material was it? It stretched to cover her skin so perfectly it looked like she'd been painted with a thin sheen of black oil.

How did it wrap around her arms like that?

Best not to think about it, Linaker thought. Why spoil the magic. He smiled with delight as the swellings of her breasts came into view. The rubber stretched tightly over them and Linaker could see the points of her erect nipples pushing out against the material.

"That's some entrance," he said.

The girl's full lips twisted up in a smile.

Linaker couldn't get over how skin-tight her rubber costume was. It had to be a costume, he realised. There must have been a trick to how the bed opened up; deceiving his eyes into thinking she was pushing through the surface. Her costume clung so tightly to her body it actually looked like it was her skin.

"Normally I'm a vanilla kind of guy," Linaker said, "but you've definitely put me in the mood to try out some new flavours tonight."

She leaned over him and rubbed one smooth gloved hand up his side while her other hand crawled into his crotch and played with his cock.

She was talented, Linaker thought. How could she even see him? There were no eyeholes in the rubber that he could see. It covered her eyeballs as tightly as it covered the rest of her body.

Extremely talented, Linaker amended. He gasped as he felt her hand smoothly pump his cock. His erection swelled within her grip and she skilfully teased and squeezed his flesh. Her other hand roamed up and down his side, tickling and caressing. It crawled across his chest and gently tweaked his nipple.

Linaker lay back and watched her in the mirror. He gazed at the reflection of her smooth back as it flowed and swelled into the rounded curves of her buttocks. Her body was absolutely perfect. He tried to find the opening from which she'd risen, but there was none that he could see. To his eyes it looked like she'd flowed up out of the substance of the bed itself.

"There is something we want from you," she said, her voice a throaty whisper.

"So it's straight to the negotiations then," Linaker smiled. "I know what you want as well. What are you prepared to do to get it?"

"I can be very persuasive," she continued. She rose up higher from the surface of the bed until Linaker saw the folds of her vagina. They were sheathed in the same glistening black rubber as the rest of her body. He wondered how deep the rubber extended inside her. It seemed quite deep. He watched her push a finger between her labia. There was no opening that he could see. No hint of pink flesh. Inside her pussy Linaker saw the same gleaming black rubber that covered the rest of her body.

"So I see," Linaker said. He wondered if he even needed a condom. Her rubber suit seemed barrier enough.

She flowed forward into his lap. That was the best description Linaker could come up with. One moment he was admiring the tight curves of her rubber-covered body and the next she was straddling him, the lips of her pussy kissing the head of his cock. He looked up at her body, watching as her hands stroked and caressed the rubber stretched tightly across her breasts. His cock throbbed with a need to be buried inside her. It had been a long time since Linaker had felt this aroused.

"I think you'll give us what we need," she said.

She pushed against him and her lips spread over the fleshy head of his cock. He felt them part around the end of his cock and then slide smoothly down the outside of his shaft. She sank down on his cock until she engulfed the entire length. The rubbery material stretched as he entered her and wrapped snugly around his cock.

Linaker let his head fall back as he sighed in pleasure. He watched her in the mirror as she slowly rose up and down on him. He luxuriated in the sensation as the head of his cock pushed against the stretchy membrane. Her motions generated a suction that pulled against his member. Linaker had never felt anything like it before.

"You're amazing, my dear," Linaker gasped. "Your persuasive skills are second to none, but I can't give Koontz the lakeshore contract. It's already promised to another interest."

The girl paused. "That's not what I want," she said. "I want you." She cupped her full breasts in her hands and closed her eyes in pleasure.

It took Linaker a while to register exactly what was wrong with what he was seeing.

He watched again as her eyelids closed shut over her deep black eyes and then opened again.

It wasn't skin-tight. It was skin.

Linaker tried to sit up in alarm but the surface of the bed was no longer quite so smooth or firm. He was slowly sinking into the soft mattress and his shoulders and arms were caught in the suction of the slowly liquefying surface.

"I want you deep inside me," the girl said. She settled on his lap and her substance flowed over his hips and between his legs until his lap was totally engulfed in the formless mass of her lower body. She arched her back and, incredibly, her breasts seemed to expand outwards. Linaker's cock was gripped by a powerful suction that pulled it deeper into a channel that flexed and pulsed around his flesh. He felt the sticky substance of her body coalesce and surround his balls in a warm jelly.

Linaker tried harder to sit up. He couldn't move. He felt like he was stuck in quicksand, or a tar pit. The girl watched his struggles and placed a gentle hand on his chest.

"You can't escape," she said. "Lie back and enjoy the pleasure."

"What kind of monster are you?" Linaker said.

"Do I look like a monster?" the girl said. She leant over him and pushed her large breasts together.

"Do I feel like a monster?" Her breasts pulsed and gentle contractions spread through her amorphous body. It was like she was inhaling his cock, pulling it deeper inside her as her flesh teased and squeezed it.

It did feel good.

The bed gently undulated beneath him. Not solid or liquid, but somewhere in between. Linaker was frightened, but some of that fear drained from him as the relaxing motions of the bed massaged his back and shoulders.

Really nice.

She sighed and her breasts pushed out again as she pulled his cock even deeper into her softening body. Linaker was so deep within her he fancied he could feel something akin to her heart beating next to his cock, with only a thin membrane separating his flesh from her gelatinous insides.

"Yes," the girl sighed.

Linaker squirmed a little in surprise as he felt a soft pseudopod push into his anus. It was too gentle to feel like an intrusion and its motions sent little ripples of pleasure washing through his body. He never would have allowed such an invasion, but now it was actually happening and he was powerless to stop it, he was surprised to find it actually felt sort of... nice.

The pseudopod found a little gland and began to tickle, sending Linaker's body thrashing in throes of ecstasy. He was completely helpless, a slave to sensation, as her body both sucked against his cock and massaged him from the inside.

"Would a monster make you feel like this?" the girl said softly as she lay down on his body. Her lips glistened with a wet sheen. Her breasts felt sticky as they squashed against his chest.

Linaker grunted inarticulately in reply. Looking up in the mirror he saw her lower body slowly throb around him, sending waves of contraction spiralling up his cock. She had complete control of him. She knew exactly where his point of orgasm lay and kept him gasping at the edge of that threshold.

Within his ass her pseudopod crawled deeper into his body. It oozed through his rectum and slithered gently into his colon. She held him, quivering on the verge of release, as the substance of her body flowed into his digestive tract.
