 edited by Asylum Seeker

*

(Scythe: A tool composed of a long curved blade fixed at an angle to a wood handle, used for mowing, reaping, etc.)

Cleave watched from across the field as the shiny new Volvo pulled up the weedy driveway leading to the Bleaker house. He'd already seen the white and green Bekins moving van depositing its load of fancy furniture and packing boxes, but this was the first sign of an actual human tenant. Cleave wasn't surprised. The legend of the Bleaker house ghost had run every single person out of that building since he was barely a teenager.

A slim-looking lady stepped out of the car and gazed up at the gabled windows. As she strutted up the front steps, Cleave sensed something different about this woman. She didn't seem like the other gals who had given up on the Bleaker house. The way she walked, with that air of confidence, he could tell she wouldn't be run off by a measly old ghost. She seemed more like the type who would give a ghost a run for his money, but he was okay with that.

He turned on his heel and headed for the tree line, the same tree line that intersected the backyard of the Bleaker house. Once he reached the shade of the cottonwoods he realized he was still carrying his scythe. He looked at it fondly. "You're staying behind this time," he said, as if it could talk. "But don't worry, you'll get your chance."

That rusty old scythe had done him right on many occasions, situations where any other tool would have been a second choice at best. Cleave would tell you, if a scythe is going to work right, it's got to be sharp. You try to slice with a dull scythe, you'll be there all day, sawing like a lumberjack. But if you sharpen that baby up, you can cut through a woman's satin slip just like a knife through butter.

He took his beloved tool and flung it at a fat gray tree trunk, where it stuck with a 'wang', just like a knife-thrower at a circus. Then he set his sights on the woman with the Volvo. "The Bleaker house ghost has his eye on you, little lady." He turned to spit, the green phlegm kicking up a miniature cloud of dust as it hit the dry earth.

