 Author's Note: This chapter is a little bit longer, went crazy with the length. Whoops. It's worth the length, I promise! 

*

Marcus came into her room, it was around lunch, as she sat around starving. He looked at her naked figure. Draco had forbidden clothes, and she was holding up his rule religiously. When he had come into the room, she looked up expectantly, but was only disappointed. Her master, the one she was imprinted to, had been giving her the cold shoulder. She tried not to look a little disappointed. Penny had tied up her hair, it was always tied up now, and she wondered if they would ever cut it short.

Sitting on the bed, she bared her neck quickly, feeling numb as Marcus bit into her. It was ritual. He sucked her blood and handed her a soda with a straw. Slightly relaxed, as losing so much blood normally left her a little light-headed, he bent her over his knee gently. Her breasts hung over his knees, dangling precariously every time one of them shifted in the slightest. 

Leather snaked across her back as she felt the vampire rubbing it on her skin. It was coarse, and it smelled like it hadn't been oiled in a while. This would hurt. Her pussy was wet with anticipation. Not expecting the blow, the first crackle of the thing was on her left ass cheek. Penny's eyes were teary, but her clit was erect, waiting like a lioness on the hunt. Marcus delivered another blow to her right, mirroring the red mark it made on the left. A pattern formed on her round cheeks. His right hand went to one of cheeks, as he pressed her thumb against the mark, she winced, and he complimented her glorious globes. This went on for eighteen more strokes of the little whip. She had stained his pants with her juices. 

"Thank you, little one." Marcus murmured to her, after rubbing her ass with some cream to alleviate the pain. "I'll try to tell Draco to forgive you."

She smiled up at him, she liked him, and he was only second to her master. "Thank you, Sir." 

Looking down, she watched through her lashes as he left quietly. Penny sighed and lied down on the bed. She had been doing a lot of crying. Curling up into a ball, she tried shutting her eyes. Sleep didn't come. It was only one in the morning, the afternoon. The door opened and she looked up warily. It wasn't dinner time yet. Now she was wondering who wanted to have sex with her now. Why now? The girl was a crying, hot mess over someone who had kidnapped her and raped her and sucked her blood. Mental. She knew it was crazy to care so much.

Draco! He sulked in and looked down on her coldly, "Bare your neck, Slave." Those were the only four words he had spoken to her in the last week. Ever since she ran away it was as though she was dead to him, though she was still human.

"No." She sniffled, pulling the covers around her. Defiant, she scrunched up her neck and head, like there was none. Penny felt like a ridiculously emotional turtle.

He blinked slowly down at her, "Slave, bare your neck."

"No!" Penny spoke up defiantly. Looking him in her tear stained eyes, she denied him clearly.

"Why not?" Her master whispered quietly, like he was losing his voice, but the anger was there. Draco was hungry, and only when he was famished would he come and feed off of her.

"Because," she cried, not meeting his gaze, "I don't want to live if you're just going to hate me!" 

Sitting on the bed, he closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "I don't hate you, young one." It wasn't convincing, he was annoyed, and irritated, but he wasn't whispering.

"Yes you do." His slave wept. "You're completely shut off. All you ever do is suck my blood. I miss you, you know." That last part shocked her as the words burst past her lips. You miss him? She thought angrily to herself, what is wrong with you? 

Draco pushed her down, and got on top of her, growling. "It's the imprint."

Hot, Penny could feel her cunt juices dripping out of her, she squirmed under her, trying to wrestle free, but his hands were on her shoulders, firm, strong hands. "You saved me." 

"You escaped." His hands tied hers above her head. "If you escaped me, couldn't you escape them?" 

"They kidnapped me." Penny pointed out, she was anticipating him, and what he would do, "And your shackles were too loose." The sweat on her brow was a mixture of fear, lust, and anger.

Biting her nipple, practically chewing her nipple, she gasped, and he responded, "You let them rape you. I saw. You didn't fight them off nearly as much as you fought off me." 

"So? They weren't going to suck my blood." 

His lips brushed her sensually as he bit her lower lip tenderly. "You love it." 

"I love it when you do it, as opposed to everyone else." It was true. The imprint made it pleasurable with Draco and torture with everyone else. Which was torture. Lately, with his distance and her sadness, he sucking her blood had become just as painful as everything else.

"You hate it when I rape you." 

She nodded, trying to resist him, but she was weak. "Do your worst." Penny dared.

His icy pointer finger ran over her cheek, she couldn't push his hand away, "Why no struggle?" 

Because I just got you back to myself and I don't want to lose you again, she thought to herself. "I don't know," Penny lied. She still hated it. The kinkiness was awful. Her disgust wasn't very well hidden.

"You never lost me in the first place, little one." 

A blush crept up her cheeks like a parasite. What are you doing? A voice inside her yelled, he doesn't love you! "Oh?" 

"Yes. I was being a fool." Draco admitted sheepishly. "You'd think a five-hundred year old vampire would grow up a little." He kissed her forehead possessively.

"Is raping me a phase too?" 

He slapped her across the face, and she cried out. "No." 

Her eyebrows furrowed, pissed. "Get off of me, Draco. This isn't cute anymore." 

"Oh?" Draco chuckled. "I think I'm really cute." 

"Stop it." Penny growled up at his smirking figure. He was still fully clothed, but his member pressed against her pelvic area. Her sex was betraying her like a slut, it was wet and needy for him.

A finger was thrust into her roughly. "I think you like this, slave." 

"No, I don't." She protested, trying to buck him off. "Draco!" 

Biting her nipple roughly, he growled, "Sir. Draco." 

Penny screamed, tears in her eyes. "Please, Sir Draco." It was a painful pleasure as he finger fucked her and bit and nipped her breasts. Her cunt juices were moistening the furs under her, and making that obvious slurping noise. He was stretching her insides as he was pumping inside of her, while his thumb toyed with her clit. But she was climbing upwards to an orgasm. Spectacular. He stopped, and she cried out. A longing noise, she was left alone. 

"Oh, I'm sorry," He feigned innocence, "I thought you hated this." 

She sighed, her head flopped onto the pillow in defeat. "Whatever." Penny shut her eyes and tried to climb downward, but it was difficult. Draco was still on top of her. He placed his fingers on her lips. Sucking them greedily, she was trying to get so close. Penny's juices tasted so sweet on her desperate tongue. They smelt lovely, a tangy sweetness, as well, and glistened on Draco's finger.

Pulling the fingers out, he shook his head. "After running away, do you really think I'm going to let you come?" 

The slave groaned in frustration as his teeth grazed her lips sensually. Desperate, she kissed him, and he slapped her across the face. Stinging her face, it didn't hurt so bad as it would've a few days ago. Used to the pain, she supposed. "No, take what I give you, young one." 

"But I—" She protested. 

"Don't even try to persuade me." Draco stopped her. 

Suddenly, she had had enough. He could not treat her this way. That wasn't okay. This whole thing wasn't okay. She began to try and squirm out of his reach. "Stop it!" 

He cooed, like a parent with its child, "Are we really back to this game? I think," Draco clenched her ass with his nails, causing her to cry out, "That you're a girl who doesn't know what, or, whom she wants." The vampire told her through gritted teeth.

"Oh, please." Penny rolled her eyes, "What I want more than life now is to go home." 

"More than life?" Draco practically bounced off the wall in delight, "If you traded your life to me, in exchange to go home, would you?" 

"Haven't you done enough?" She demanded, angry. "You take me away from the comforts of my life! You rape me and play your games! And now you ask me about trading my life in exchange for home? Didn't you already take my life and suck out all of its blood?" Penny wasn't in tears, she was angry, not tears.

"I quip, slave." He said with ice in his lips with every word he spoke. "I would never let you go." 

"You're an asshole." Penny spat.

A stinging backhand fell across her face, and if she wasn't tied down on the bed, she'd be crumpled on the floor in tears. "Watch your tongue, slave." 

"No." 

He quickly untied her from the bed, and picked her up over his should like old times sake. "If you insist on not behaving, I can always send you back to the woods and return for you later." 

She sobbed, "Please, no! I was just being—" Penny was choking on her sobs. 

"Being what?" He demanded.

"It doesn't matter!" She growled, trying to get off of his shoulder. 

They were going down stairs while she was kicking and screaming. "Draco, stop it!" Stopping, actually, Penny tilted her head up at what looked like a dungeon. He threw her down. She groaned, her bones aching, but not broken. It still hurt. 

"You're a slave!" Draco screamed down at her. He slapped her across the face as she tried to get up, and she tumbled across the stone room. How she wasn't dead under his powerful, and undying strength was a mystery. "This is how you'll be treated from now on."

Chains formed around her ankles and wrists as they attached to the wall. "I'm done allowing you a cushy room if you're going to continue to be a disrespecting, without obedience, sniveling, and moody little girl!" He growled, kicking her in the stomach. "Look at me." 

Weak, Penny looked down, in shame of her new spot. It was a cold, dark, hard little room of a dungeon. Her eyes remained on the floor as she forced herself not to cry. He had shut himself out again. The space in her mind reserved for his was a cold, angry creature, biting at the touch of her consciousness. Before she had the chance to raise her sad eyes up to him, he lifted her by the throat, her big toes barely brushing ground. 

"That was an order." 

He was choking the life out of her when she pleaded silently. His fingers curled around her throat, as the edges of her sight faded out. Draco dropped her, and she let out a squeak as she fell back to the ground. Regaining her breath, she breathed heavily. "I'm sorry, Sir Draco." 

"No." He growled, "You've lost privilege of calling me by my name. Master." 

She sighed in defeat, struggling to get up. Everything hurt. "Yes, Master." Penny addressed him quietly. The slave shivered, the shackles were icy. Cold air against her sent goose-bumps up her arms and legs, hardened her nipples, and blued her lips. 

"Cold, are we?" 

"Y-y-y-yes." Penny shivered

Kicking her legs as she lie in the fetal position, he told her, "What was that?"

"I'm cold, Master." Penny told him, her voice dead on her shivering and quivering lips. She was always freezing. 

He shook his head, "I could care less." He flitted out. 

"Hey, Draco." Phoenix greeted him as he stepped into the group. They were in the lounge.

"I have an announcement." Draco frowned. 

Marcus grimaced. Vlad and Vicki exchanged glances, and Phoenix was blissfully unaware of what the announcement might concern. There was worry that he would get rid of this Penny girl they were all using. It was a fear that he would kill her, and make them go through the whole process of finding another girl. 

"What is it?" Vlad demanded, impatient with all the still air of silence. 

"I'm not letting you all fuck my slave anymore." He explained further, "We can all suck her blood and enjoy it, but nothing else." 

Vicki snorted and inquired, "Are you?" 

"Am I what?" Draco snapped. 

"Going to continue to fuck her, of course." Marcus explained, his German accent prominent, he was a little confused, and upset too at the news. Draco could understand why, the leader hadn't even used her, just held her. 

"She's my slave, it's my choice." 

Phoenix pouted, "Fine, Draco." 

"Good, I'm glad you all are so accepting." He was pleased as he sat down among them. 

Penny, meanwhile, sat on her ass in the cold, shivering. Her arms wrapped around her as she tried to huddle for warmth. Then she heard a voice in front of her, and cold hands raising her to her knees. "Draco gave me to you for the night." Vlad whispered menacingly. He was invisible to her eyes, and he liked it that way. 

She heard his zipper, and pulled away disgusted until he forced her head towards his dick. The girl shook her head and clamped her mouth shut. He slapped her across the face, "Suck my dick, slave, or I'll have Draco beat the shit out of you." 

Not hesitating, she opened her mouth and began to suck. Penny gagged as his penis hit the back of her throat. He did all the work as he fucked her mouth. Her tongue swirled around his dick as it was in her mouth. Then she hummed into him, trying to please him as quickly as possible. Vlad clenched her left breast in his hand, squeezing it and rolling the nipple roughly in his thumb and forefinger. Trying to be obedient, she felt him clench as cum squirted into her mouth. Her best, she tried to swallow it all as it dribbled down her chin. Vlad scooped it up and added his finger to her mouth when he withdrew his member. She licked his finger clean.

"What is going on here?" Draco boomed. Suddenly, Vlad was in view, zipping up his pants. "I said no more fucking!" 

What? Penny thought, panicking, you said nothing of the sort! It didn't take a stupid imprint to see that her master was angry. He ran up to Vladimir and hurled a punch, giving him a fat lip. The younger vampire whirled back. "Don't ever do it again!" 

The twin ran out of the dungeon. "I swear, slave," he growled, "If you let that happen to yourself again I'm going to give you the beating of your life." 

She didn't say a word as she tried to sink into the wall. It was super ineffective. He barreled towards her, coming within inches of her face. "Do you have anything to say to me?" 

"No, Master." She whispered. 

He bit into her neck, sucking his blood, she was still weak, and the slave hadn't eaten. Draco sucked her blood as she tried to lower her heart rate. It was painful still, as he was still irate at her.. "Please, I'm so—"

Draco spanked her ass once, silencing her pleas for food or water or something. Her master hadn't sucked her blood earlier, so he must've been a little on edge. She was crumpling under him, weak, and tired, as he drew away from her. "I'll find you food later, slave." 

As if on cue, her stomach growled loudly. Penny was crouched on the floor again, but he had already left her in the cold, dark, and damp room. Naked, she curled up into a ball on her side. Penny only thought about how hungry she was. Then she fell asleep. 

"Hello, Slave." Phoenix hissed. 

Eye fluttered open, she was shocked, the manacles had disappeared from her wrists and ankles. I can't let her have sex with me, she thought in fright. Penny laughed nervously, "My master said no, Miss. I'm sorry." 

"What he doesn't know won't hurt him. It'll only hurt you." That didn't stop her, the sultry redhead closed in closer to her. The slave darted out of her way, and raced up the stairs. There was no way she could face punishment. Spiraling up, the mad woman laughed and skipped after. Almost running into the door, she opened it and locked it behind her, fully aware that Phoenix probably had a key. Down the hall she bounded, twisting and turning, practically tripping over a stone or two.

Her feet racing down the hallway, and ran straight into Draco. He looked unfazed, as she stumbled backwards. "Master! You have to help me!" Penny pleaded, "Phoenix is chasing me!"

"I don't have to help you at all. Follow my order, slave." 

Then it hit her. "You're—you knew that all the vampires would act this way towards me!"

His lips curled into a devilish smile. "Quite. You don't want them to rape you, but by resisting them and evading such, you're only obeying me, something which you would rather not do." Draco pressed himself against her on the wall, and murmured, "So, you can get fucked and disobey me, or not be fucked and obey me, securing my hold over you as my slut. It's quite the conundrum, isn't it?"

Penny sank to the ground, and buried her face in her hands. But no tears sprang to her eyes. "Well?" He demanded. Phoenix was gone, seeing Draco, she had flitted away.

She looked up at him, her eyes stainless. "I'll obey you, Master." 

He picked her up over his shoulder, causing her to squeal in surprise, "Good, because you're going to be submitted to your worst punishment!" Cheery, he headed towards the bedroom.

"What?!" Kicking, him, she struggled against him. 

"I didn't say you could leave the dungeon, slave, I thought that I could trust you without the shackles." 

Looking at the back of his head incredulously, she feared what this would come to.