 Draco carried Penny in the middle of the night, knowing the way to her house through the woods. She slept heavily in his arms. The house was in sight now. He could enter, as she was his slave, and all of her possessions his. Climbing up the stairs, he hoped she wouldn't awaken. It was a gorgeous house, and he knew calling in the quick cleaning service would make it look better for when she returned. 

Setting the delicate girl down on the soft bed, he produced a note and a check, knowing he would never be allowed to enter the house again, Draco left quickly, before the sun would rise. Flitting back to his bedroom, he got into his coffin and fell asleep as soon as Penny woke up to the six-thirty alarm on the bedside table. 

It wasn't the normal sound. She realized it was the radio, playing a new so-called hit. The bed felt wrong. She opened her eyes and sat up. It was her bedroom. The song grated on her nerves, and noticed a letter was on her alarm. It was addressed to her. It read: 

Dear Penny, 

I love you far too much to let myself treat you so horribly. I'll return to suck your blood after the sun set's every few days. I promise to never hurt you again, and I swear no vampire will ever harm you when you have your imprint. Still, be careful. Lock your doors and protect yourself accordingly from werewolves. A vampire can only enter by invitation, but they're easier to spot. Don't kill yourself. You'll find the check enclosed will keep your from working ever again, but feel free to do as you please. Everything, bills, phone, electricity, has been paid for. You're cover is that you went on a spontaneous vacation. We couldn't keep your job. Sorry for that, and everything. Take care. 

Love, 

Draco

She turned on the lights. Everything was the same, her phone was next to the nightstand, and she noticed the messages. Draco had been writing e-mails and messages for her. She had been on a vacation apparently. It was also true that she was back today, and would see her boyfriend early in the morning. 

Penny had totally forgotten about Ben. He was her lovely for all of two years, and knowing him, he'd be a little upset that she hadn't called him or taken his calls. The doorbell rang. "Maybe it didn't happen, and I'm crazy." She murmured, before looking in the mirror. There were no visible marks on her. Her breasts felt sore though. But, she still felt Draco watching her through his sleep. It happened, she believed. 

Putting on her robe, it smelled fresh as she hustled down the stairs and opened the front door to Ben, with a bouquet of flowers. By his casual attire she figured he had taken the day off to see her. He kissed her passionately. "I missed you." 

I haven't thought about you at all, she wanted to say, but responded, "I missed you too." 

"How are you?" 

I feel like I'm crazy. "Fantastic to be back, what's been going on with you?" 

He smirked. "I've been good. Work's been hell. I heard you lost your job." 

"I think the library will get along fine, without me." Penny smiled slightly. 

"You can work on your art." 

She nodded, a room in her house was dedicated to canvases and paintings. "I feel as though I shouldn't have left. I've missed so much." 

Ben bent down and kissed her slowly. His tongue invading her mouth. Penny jumped and then stood frozen, not sure how to respond. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled away. "Are you alright?" 

Looking down, "I'm fine, Ben." Her cheeks burned red. Penny didn't want to have sex, she didn't want him to touch her. "I'm just, going through some things, I guess." 

He blinked at her. "So, sex is a no?" 

Penny nodded, "Yeah, babe." 

"I'm going home to do some work, then." He told her without a kiss goodbye. Ben left out the door, telling her to have a good day, and to call him later. 

She was taken aback. Had he always been in it for the sex? Being a sex slave must've taught her to be able to tell. It had never registered on her radar. She called her best friend, Lily. 

"Does Ben only want me for sex?" She demanded as soon as she called, as soon as she said it aloud she heard a dark and familiar chuckle in the back of her mind. 

"Duh. Talk to you later, at work, okay?" They were always so blunt with each other. 

"Yeah." She hung up. 

You're funny. He told her in his sleep, breaking up with him? 

She didn't respond, but tried to surround her mind in a brick wall, which was a difficult discipline. Penny went into her art room, and was shocked. There were new canvases, paints, brushes, and everything she could possibly need. She heard his voice again. 'Call me a patron'. A few of her completed paintings were missing, in their spots checks to pay for them. He took the paintings. A shiver went down her side. Suddenly she was rampaging through the house, to see what he changed. The refrigerator was stocked with sodas and health food. Her home-gym had a nice upgrade. Her old bug had a new friend, a very nice and very safe, BMW. Someone didn't want her to die. He had messed with everything. Even a few trees that could fall on her house were cleared and gone. 

Sitting down on her couch, she realized how much Draco cared about her. It made her sick and queasy to her stomach. He was mentally silent, but she felt him watching her. The fellow was just sleeping. Penny wondered if she would see him in her dreams from now on. Only, what, two-hundred years to go. He couldn't possibly love her.

Trying to paint something, she had no inspiration. There was nothing on her mind save her predicament. Penny didn't really feel free. She shut her eyes and just tried to paint anything. Everything was red. Opening her eyes, it was a multi-toned blah. Still, it was pretty. She added a few finishing touches. 

She stood on her balcony outside her room, as the sun set over the western sky. Penny wondered how quickly he would come, and if she would let him in. Her elbows rested, she wore nothing on her. The house faced the empty, or she thought empty, woods. It was a common practice for her as the wind billowed around her. Her nipples were sensitive to the touch as her cunt leaked onto her inner thigh. 

"Penny?" He called up to her, and she looked down at him condescendingly. The poor fool. "Invite me in or come down here." 

"Why?" 

"Because we'll both die without each other." He smiled warmly. The fellow was quite different when you weren't his slave. 

She clucked, "That sounds stupidly romantic." 

Draco looked at her grimly, trying to hide his annoyance. He was thinking of all the things he would do to her, and she got a good mess of those in her mind. "We will literally die." 

"I think that's worth you never laying a hand on me again." Penny replied quietly. Though it wasn't that true. She wanted him, but she stuck to her guns. He had raped her, and kidnapped her. Though, it wasn't rape if he owned her. Just the thought made her heart practically stop in her chest, her lower lip quivered in fear. "Why did you let me go?" 

"Because I love you." He called back. 

Melting, she called him up to her room. She sat on the edge of the bed. Naked still, casually watching the door, waiting for him. He opened the door slowly, and looked at her, "I thought you'd put on clothes." 

"It's not like I've got anything you haven't seen." She responded quietly. 

He looked at her. His hunger plain on his face. "We need to remove the imprint." 

"What?" She responded. "Why?" 

"We can't keep living like this." Draco admitted. "I won't keep coming to your house and sucking your blood. It's not stable, and I love you too much to keep going on and continuing."

"Can we do it tonight?" 

"Yes." He was moving to pick her up.

"Can I just walk? And maybe, um, I don't know, put on clothes?" She stood away from him and fumbled through her dressers for something. She picked out a pair of loose jeans, a light sneaker, and a thin striped-sweater. Slipping on her bra, which was proving difficult, she felt him watching her. 

"Need help?" He sounded amused, but she heard the arousal in his voice. 

Penny shook her head. "I can function perfectly well." 

"You're bra clasp disagrees." Draco chuckled. "Come on." He started to walk over to her. 

"No." She snapped. "I can put on a bra, thank you." Giving up and just doing it the easiest way possible, she put it on and pulled the fuzzy sweater over her head. The jeans and sneakers were easier. They were about to head out the door when she froze. "How do I know you're not lying, and that this was all a scheme?" 

He paused, and suddenly she felt his clear mind so freshly. His intentions were pure, though he still wanted her. "I'm not going to hurt you. You're not going to hurt me." 

Hurt you?! She thought furiously, I hurt you? Realizing that she didn't have to censor herself, she told him, "Oh, I broke your heart, yeah. You kind of mentally scarred me for the rest of my life." Penny shook her head and began walking with him towards the forest. 

"Watch your tone with me." The vampire hissed, "I'd be loath to change my mind about not keeping you for a sex slave." One of the things she noticed was how he walked. The dead man made no sound as he treaded over the crunching leaves. His breath was like cold smoke in the air and his red eyes glowed. Draco was undeniably handsome, and she was undeniably hot for him. "Stop it. I'm trying to get over you." He snapped again, after noticing her salivating.

"Forgive me, the imprint." She stammered, her cheeks ruddy with obvious guilt. Looking down, she wondered how long this walk was. The way wasn't the same to his home, it wasn't the same path. Heck, it was a path that she had walked on. "How did you find out about me?" 

"You were walking on this very path, which I never want you to walk on again. In fact, move away from this strange forest." He told her. "As soon as we get this imprint off, we're going house hunting." 

"If you hunt for women as well as you find a house, we should be fine." She grumbled. 

"Actually," He replied, "You were my first slave." 

Penny knew he was being honest. "What?" 

"I used to steal from blood banks, actually." Draco led her further into the woods, explaining as they walked. "But it's not the same as fresh blood. Plus sex is great." 

Shaking her head, she replied, "I don't think I'll be fucking anyone anytime soon." 

"Forgive me for that."

The girl shook her head again, and kept wincing, as though he would hit her. Trying to keep her distance, she answered quietly. "It's fine." 

"We're here." 

They arrived at a small cave, and the vampire, who seemed a little frightened, called out, "Puck? I've returned." 

There was a shuffling heard, and she saw Puck. He was a boy, of eighteen, with dark red hair, and a pair of large wings to match. He wore a tunic, as though he were Hellenistic. "You've brought the lady." 

"I have." His voice sent chills travelling up her spine. 

The boy nodded, but still did not invite them in. "You know the price, and accept it?" 

Draco looked at him and shifted uncomfortably. "I do." 

"Follow." His voice was very boyish. He seemed a young pure thing. As his light feet pattered towards the cave. 

"After you." He murmured to his former slave. 

Walking past him, he followed silently, not making a sound, but she didn't dare look back at him and see. That would be foolish. Following the boy, there was a cauldron. It was bubbling. He held in one hand a long knife, the other gestured for her to come forward. "What is this?" 

The vampire nudged her, "You'll be fine." 

Staggering toward him, he clutched her wrist, rolling up the sleeve. "Do you trust me?" 

Think about how it couldn't be as bad as being enslaved, she nodded, and shut her eyes. She felt her wrist being wrapped and then screamed of the pain. He cut her. The blood was swirling into the potion quickly. 

"Produce the vial, Sir Draco." The boy commanded, still, her former master's title sent shivers down her spine. 

"The blood of the vampire who bit me." He handed a test tube full of red blood, which swirled generously. 

"Along with the one you've bitten. Both willingly." The alchemist murmured. "Now I need an open wound, last, which must be drawn by your lover." 

Suddenly, the blade of an ancient-looking knife was thrust into her hands. She blanched, and almost dropped it. "It's okay, Penny. I deserve it." 

You do, she thought venomously. The knife was brought to his face, her hands trembling. "You're an asshole." 

Draco nodded and shifted his jaw, stretching the skin under the knife. "Do it." 

Suddenly, she slashed a thin line across his face, and the potion floated towards him. The boy pulled her back as Draco was thrashing. Stumbling to the floor, he fainted. Silence fell over the room like a virus. "You killed him!" She accused. 

"Come, there's one more step." He lifted him and carried him towards a large bed. "You both must sleep here tonight. A human needs to be close to him." Penny helped him tuck the large vampire in, how curled slightly.

"Will he be okay?" 

"In comparison to what he was yesterday, no, in comparison to what he will be tomorrow, yes." 

Lying on the bed, she looked at him, sleeping softly. The boy produced a vial of blue liquid in his hand, and gave it to her. "Drink?" She inquired dumbly. 

He nodded, "Yes. It will help you sleep, and keep away nightmares." 

She downed it quickly, and settled under the covers of the sheets. Closing her eyes, she drifted to a non-existent world. It was a fitful sleep. Penny could tell that some things were intended to be scary. A vampire that sparkled, for instance. 

"Penny." Draco spoke gently, his sultry voice waking her up. 

She opened her eyes, facing away from him, his warm, wait, what? His warm hand on her shoulder. Searching for him in her mind, there was nothing in his spot in her consciousness. It was heaven. But who was on the bed with her? Rolling over, she looked at a slightly darker, more human looking version of Draco. Her jaw dropped, and he grinned, with very normal, very human looking canines. 

"You gave up immortality for me?" Penny whispered. Though, he still looked like a vampire. His features were still god-like, and he still had the muscles, along with reddish-brown eyes. It was shocking.

He smiled, and she saw his blush, "It's worth it." 

Suddenly, she began to kiss him. "Don't ever leave me again." 

Draco pushed her away, though she was now straddling him. "We have two different ideas of fucking, Penny. We can't work." 

The girl smiled wickedly. "As long as you don't suck my blood or bring me into this forest ever again, we should be fine...Sir." The girl was blushing now. 

He chuckled darkly, and was looking forward to his new human life with this newly sexual girl.