 "No! No! Absolutely not! Nobody is touching that thing in this house! I'm serious." Victoria said as one of her roommates, Megan, played peek-a-boo behind an Ouija board. 

"Oh my God Vicky it's fiiiine! Come on! Have a little fun for once!" Megan said grabbing her hand and pulling her towards the couch. 

Victoria had been raised in a strict Catholic household which was why she now found herself stuck at strict, all girls, Catholic university. Her parents had insisted that she go to a school that would reinforce her stern religious upbringing, specifically, a place that would continue to instill the idea of abstinence before marriage. They wanted her to be surrounded by other like-minded girls. Little did her parents know, that the girls that Victoria was surrounded by, were not exactly the virginal little angels their parents and professors thought they were. 

As a sophomore, Victoria lived in a very large, very old house a few blocks from campus. There were 8 other girls that lived in the house and a housemistress that lived with them three to four day out of the week. The girls would be on their best behavior every Monday, Wednesday, Sunday and every other Friday until exactly 10:45 pm, when the sounds of Ms. Dougherty's snores could be heard from beneath her bedroom door. By 10:46 boys from neighboring colleges would sneak through the back door, Chatroulette would replace Theology essays, and giggles from the girls with boyfriends too far away, would echo down the long hallway. 

Victoria had thus far managed to evade the advances from the boys in high school and now college, despite the fact that there had been many. It was not because she, herself, felt the religious obligation to stay "pure," it was simply that she had never found anyone she wanted to be intimate with. She was pretty and she had an amazing body, though not very tall, her large breasts, wide hips and flat stomach seemed to fit perfectly on her five foot three inch figure. She had the type of body that made men stop to look at her. Her long dark hair and piercing blue eyes were what made them take a second look. Yet despite her numerous invitations, Victoria remained somewhat naive when it came to matters of the sexual variety. Her housemates however, had not. Victoria had heard the screams of pleasure coming from their rooms, she had seen them rub up against boys from neighboring colleges in attempts to . . . excite the boys, she had even seen the girls making out with each other as strangers behind a computer screen watched. She was not a prude, hearing and seeing these things created a warm flush throughout her body and she yearned to feel that with a man who could make her feel that way. 

It was a cold Friday night in October, during a week that Ms. Dougherty happened to be away, when Megan and her housemates urged Victoria to play the Ouija with them. If Victoria had learned anything from her upbringing, it was that you do not invite the Devil in. 

"Here sweetie, have a glass of wine and then have a little fun," another housemate, Ashley urged. 

"The wine I'll take. But you guys can keep the eternal damnation," Victoria said teasingly as she grabbed the glass of wine. 

"Our lady of perpetual boringness has spoken," another girl, Molly, snorted from behind her drink. 

Molly had never liked Victoria and she took every opportunity to let her know. Although usually tame, Molly was able to poke Victoria where it hurt. Knowing that Victoria had been struggling with her shy demeanor and failing at her attempts to broaden her social scene, she had chosen her insult carefully. 

"Once. I'll try it once. And then I'm going to bed." Victoria had to scream the last part to be heard over the girls' cheers. 

Molly remained unmoved as she rolled her eyes and took another sip. The girls all took a seat on the couch and placed their hands on the Ouija. 

"Ok everyone just think positive thoughts and open yourself spiritually." Ashley said after refilling everyone's glass of wine. 

"Open yourself spiritually? Seriously?" Molly said again rolling her eyes. 

Victoria took a deep breath and a gulp of wine as her hands shook, placing them on the board. She tried to remind herself that it was just a game and that nothing would happen but there was still something that kept her from relaxing. 

"Is there anyone here that would like to come through?" Megan asked looking toward the ceiling. 

The girls looked about the room as if waiting for an audible answer. Victoria jumped as the triangular device began to move. 

"Oh my God!! Molly!! That's you right!!?" Ashley exclaimed. 

"It's not I swear!" Molly insisted. 

The device moved toward the top left of the board until it stopped above the word "yes." 

"What is your name?" Megan asked hesitantly. 

Again the device began to move. It slowly stuttered down the board until it landed on the letter "J." The girls all looked at eachother before the device began to move again. Ashley announced each letter until finally the device came to a halt. 

"Johnson? Your name is Johnson?" Megan asked looking about the room. 

"What do you want Johnson?" Ashley asked. 

The device began to move once again. 

"P!" Ashley exclaimed. 

"U . . ." She continued 

"S . . . S . . ." She repeated the letter as she watched the device move again. 

"Oh my God! Molly!" Victoria snapped and lightly slapped Molly's arm. 

"Johnson wants pusssssssy!" Molly managed to sing through her laughter. 

"Molly!" Ashley and Megan chided in unison. 

"Seriously! Stop it. Let's be serious. We're doing it again. No moving it this time!" Megan made a point to look at each of them as she said it. 

"Is there anyone here that wishes to come through?" Ashley asked, again staring at the ceiling 

Victoria shuddered. She didn't like the way Ashley phrased the question. In fact, it was more of an invitation than a question. She watched the girls as they all waited for a response. Their eyes darted across the room, looking for a sign from another world. When it happened it was so very subtle, the girls all wondered if the device had really moved. 

"Did . . . did you feel it move," Ashley stuttered. 

"It was probably just Mo-" Megan stopped short as the device began to creep up the board once again. 

"Molly stop. It's not funny." Victoria said quietly. 

"I swear to God I'm not doing it this time." Molly said as shocked as the rest of them. 

"What's your name?" Molly asked the board. 

"T . . ." Victoria's voice sounded foreign even to herself as she said the letter. 

"S," Ashley said immediately after the device stopped. 

"K . ." Megan said. 

The girls all waited for the device to move again. They watched as the sequence of letters was repeated. 

"T. S. K?" Molly asked. 

"Your initials are T.S.K?" Megan shouted into the empty room. 

Victoria felt a chill. She quivered as a terrifying thought entered her mind. 

"Tisk, tisk," she said pulling her hands away from the game. 

"Tisk, tisk. It's saying tisk tisk," Victoria repeated standing up and taking a large gulp of wine. 

Her head began to spin as she stood. The combination of wine and adrenalin made her heart pound as her eyes searched the room. Victoria had always been taught that demons do not like you to know their name. She thought she saw a shadow move in another room and she quickly backed away further from the game, trying to distance herself from the situation. 

"What do you want?" Molly asked. 

Now even the unshakable Molly sounded scared. 

"Molly stop. Let's just watch a movie instead." Megan said removing her hands and trying to sound unbothered by the situation. 

"Ugh! That's so creepy!" Ashley squealed shaking her hands around her as if to rid herself of the bad energy surrounding her. 

Molly rolled her eye and threw her hands up as if showing annoyance with the other girls. As soon as her hands left the game, the device skid across the board and landed on the words "Good Bye." The girls all froze in terror. 

"It was my sleeve. It obviously got caught on my sleeve when I moved." Molly tried to convince the other girls, as well as herself. 

"No it didn't." Ashley whispered almost inaudibly. 

"Don't be stupid. Yes it did." Molly said grabbing the board and the device and placing it back into the box. 

Victoria stood shaking, looking around the room, checking her peripherals as she clutched her hands together. 

"Ahhhhhh!!" The girls all jumped and ran towards each other as they heard a scream from upstairs.

Molly looked at them before darting towards the scream. The girls followed running up the stairs two at a time. Victoria was the last of the girls to move toward the noise. She sprinted up the steps, imagining hands grabbing her ankles with each movement she made. She almost knocked over Ashley as she came to a halt in the middle of the hallway. Molly had just opened the door, from which the scream had come from. Victoria took a deep breath and peered over Ashley's shoulder to look into the room. 

"It's fucking huge!" A cute blonde girl named Courtney exclaimed, pointing at a computer. 

Another housemate, Jessica leaned over Courtney's shoulder and giggled at the screen. 

"Yeah you like that ladies?" A male voice said from the speaker. 

Molly walked into the room and stood over both girls to see what they were looking at. 

"Dammmmn! I think Mr. Johnson is trying to communicate!" Molly said, grabbing the laptop and lifting it above Courtney and Jessica. 

Ashley and Megan began to laugh as a man jerked off in front of them. 

"There's enough to go around ladies! I don't mind sharing!" The man said as he continued. 

"Oh my God, I'm going to bed," Victoria announced smiling as she walked towards her room. 

"Tisk tisk! Don't let the bedbugs bite!" Molly yelled down the hall as Victoria closed her door. 

Still, Victoria couldn't shake the feeling that something was not right. Afraid that she might be humiliated if the girls saw her bedroom light on all night, she lit a few candles and got ready for bed. She put on a short white nightgown and pulled the covers under her chin as she laid in bed and closed her eyes. She said a quick prayer as she laid perfectly still, trying to convince herself that everything was ok. Just keep your eyes closed tight and don't move. It was just a game, she repeated to herself until she eventually fell asleep.

The candles flickered and her sheer curtains billowed into the room as a gust of wind sent a chill through her. Victoria hadn't remembered the windows being open when she had fallen asleep. A few of the candles blew out and it was now hard to see around the room. It doesn't matter because you're sleeping, she thought, rubbing the side of her face against her pillow and closing her eyes. 

The room was even darker now as Victoria shivered, noticing her blankets had fallen to the end of her bed. She felt something slide up her thigh. It's your nightgown falling into place, she thought. She shuddered and felt her nipples harden as a chill passed over her. She let her hand trace up her body until her fingers brushed her bare nipple. She let out a soft moan as a heavy pressure poured through her until she could feel it between her legs. She squeezed her legs together in an attempt to ebb the pressure that was quickly building. She wanted to slip a finger down between her legs, just once, to allow herself the pleasure that she desired. Her conscience stopped her. Just don't, she thought, moving her hand back across her nipple and then up above her head. Her mind raced with a million unjustifiable reasons not to, but her body still begged her. She kept her hand above her and squeezed her legs together again making her mouth gape and her head fall back further into her pillow. She spread her legs and moved her hips in such small circles imagining someone touching her thighs. 

"Mmmm," she moaned as she spread her legs wider and arched her back. 

She felt the light touch of her nightgown caress her thighs and brush her pussy lips as she moved her hips. She arched her back again and the muscles in her pussy tensed as she could almost feel hands widening her thighs. 

Oh God, yes, she thought as she could feel something building inside of her. She moved her hips in a rhythmic motion feeling her nightgown move against her clit making her moan again. She moved her other hand up her body and over her bare breasts before lifting it above her head in an attempt to keep herself from going too far. 

It was then that she could feel actual pressure on her hips, pulling her just slightly on the bed. Then a terrifying realization hit her. She had felt her naked body, there was nothing covering her and therefore her nightgown couldn't be what was between her legs. 

Victoria stayed perfectly still in an attempt to keep herself safe. I'll be safe if I keep my eyes close, she thought through sheer panic. She tried to reach for something to cover herself with but her hands stayed pinned to the bed. There was nothing holding them, yet they remained paralyzed, unable to move as if something was forcing them down. She could feel a body against her now. Don't move, don't move, don't move, she repeated in her head. The body began to move against her and she could feel her mattress sink beneath its pressure. Hands moved up her round hips and she got goosebumps as they rose higher along the indents of her waist. Finally, they cupped her breasts and squeezed lightly. Even through her terror she couldn't stop herself from thinking that she liked the feeling. She could feel her hard nipples under the strong hands that continued to molest her. She shook her head lightly to rid herself of the thought. In that second she realized it was only her hands that were frozen, she could still use the rest of her body. She tried to squeeze her legs closed only to find a body between them. The feeling scared her and she instinctively opened her legs to keep from touching it. Her body arched, desperately trying to get away, only to be met by something hard against the most intimate part of her body. 

"Good girl." It was a deep dark voice. 

Victoria froze trying to process what was happening to her, she wasn't even sure if it was real. She realized she was wet and the hardness between her legs moved easily, up and down. She also realized how good each movement felt against her sensitive body. It had liked the way she moved against its hard shape. She felt it dip it's body closer to her and her eyes shot opened. She saw his face. He was ruggedly handsome in the most terrifying way. This is a dream, she thought. It is just a very vivid dream, you're safe. 

Victoria arched her back immediately as she felt a warm tongue lick her hard nipple. She almost moaned as its, his rather, mouth began to suck her breast. The body above her responded to her invitation as it began to grind against her. Every movement made her even wetter. She moaned as she felt something separate the lips of her pussy and begin to move into her. She didn't have anything to compare it to but she knew it was big. She lifted her hips and spread her legs for him waiting to feel his full size inside of her. 

Her heart pounded in her chest and her breasts heaved in anticipation as she felt herself on the verge of a something she had never experienced before. The feeling had slowly replaced her fear. With each second he held back, Victoria writhed in agony as she felt her need drip down her thigh. 

Please, she begged him in her mind. 

She hated that she needed it so bad. 

Please, she begged again as she felt a tear roll down her cheek. 

He pushed into her mercilessly releasing a growl that shook her to her very core. Pain and a pleasure she had never felt overwhelmed her. Without giving her time to adjust he pulled back and impaled her once more. A crushing wave wracked her body, as Victoria felt every muscle inside of her seize. The feeling only escalated as her body lifted from the bed. She pushed her breasts up towards him, painfully aware of her hardened, neglected nipples. As if sensing her need, his lips captured her breast and ruthlessly sucked her nipple into his mouth. Victoria felt her arms release as she pushed her fingers through his hair and pulled him into her. Her hips rose and fell as every nerve in her body burst with pleasure. She felt her pussy clamp down and release his cock over and over as he held himself still inside of her. Her body begged for more, before it had even settled, and he obliged, forcing himself into her with a steady, deep rhythm. She held his neck as her hips moved to matched his strokes. 

Each thrust sent smaller explosions through her body until she felt herself climbing once again. She grabbed his face and pulled him toward her with a primal need to suck and lick, as she found his mouth. She kissed him uninhibitedly making him growl. As his head moved lower and his tongue licked her throat, she felt a pressure build between them. His thrusts became deeper and faster and his breathing increased. His hot breath against her throat made her back arch, as if offering herself to him. He pushed his body against hers and she could feel his hard, defined muscles, creating an insatiable need to touch him. His scent was so intoxicating, she could almost taste it as she dragged her lips across his skin.

Her hands dipped between their bodies and she felt him. She felt every ridge that made up his strong muscular body and she dug her nails into his skin in an attempt to pull him deeper inside of her. Again he obliged, fucking her harder and deeper until she felt every muscle in his body harden as he pumped into her. An unnatural, deep, guttural growl reverberated through her. She felt a burst explode inside her, filling her completely and sending her into complete ecstasy. All in an instant the muscles inside of her squeezed his cock and held him until she felt herself being filled again and again as her pussy milked him. 

"Mmmmm" the man gruffly sighed, pulling her body onto him one last time as if admiring his own conquest. 

As Victoria's body floated back down from her high she felt exhaustion engulf her. Her eyes closed and her body sank into her soft mattress. She tried desperately to stay awake and became terrified as she felt herself drift off to sleep 

The next morning Victoria woke with that same sense of terror. She stayed frozen inspecting her surroundings. She grabbed her wrists and searched for any sign that they had been restrained. When she could not find any, she squeezed her legs shut feeling her skin touch. She sat up, finding herself sore and naked. Upon searching the bed she found nothing out of the ordinary, leaving only the dull throb between her legs as proof of her defiling. 

Over the next few days Victoria had successfully convinced herself that she had only dreamt of the intruder in her bedroom. Yet somehow she felt different. Her brain was filled with images of a shadow of a man. She couldn't remember his face, maybe fleeting glimpses that caused a flush throughout her and butterflies in her stomach. She could however, remember ever inch of his body and the way that he made her feel. Every day that passed, Victoria's thoughts were filled with images of that night. So much so, that she was almost unable to think of anything else. She was constantly in a state of arousal, desperately wanting more from him.

Later, during the following week, Victoria decided she needed to get out, to shut off her brain just for a few short hours. The girls were all going to a bar in town and although it was an invitation she normally wouldn't accept, she decided a few drinks and loud music would drown out her thoughts. 

"Hey we're gonna leave around like 10:30? Do you want to get ready in our room?" Courtney asked, leaning against her door
