 Author's Notes

Remember, as a child, that ominous feeling you experienced when going into the basement? Perhaps your mother asked you to fetch an onion from the cellar, or to take that little pile of clothes down and throw it in the laundry sink. For me, garbage bags were to blame. We used to keep them across from the washing machine, and when one was needed, it was my job to run downstairs and grab one. Boy, did I run. The terror I felt was unlike anything else. Something was watching me, tracking every step, waiting to spring out and pull me back into a dark recess. It would take days for my parents to find my half-devoured body. 

This story explores one possible identity of that ominous "something" we've all experienced. Full effort is used in making every scene something wildly perverse and different than any other story you'll download today. Enjoy and please comment!

___________________________

THE CELLAR OF ORGASMIC EVIL

___________________________

Amanda opened her eyes and smiled at the sight of Jessica's widely exposed asshole only inches above her face. Ringed with a damp matting of dark hair, her rear entrance glistened wetly. Jessica was squatting over Amanda's face, one hand on each buttock, pulling her ass cheeks apart as wide as she could. After all, the wider she could spread them, the easier it would be for Amanda to nestle her face into the perfect grove in between.

Jessica looked just like a professional porn star at that exact moment - high heel shoes still on, calves flexed erotically as she lowered herself onto Amanda's face. She wore a sexy pair of black garters, and had her long, lush mane of raven-black hair styled into a loose updo that looked both carefree and stylish. Her pussy hair was equally as dark and was manicured into a perfect, short-haired triangle. 

Amanda stared up at Jessica's sumptuous labial folds as she descended. They were drenched and shiny with secretions of excitement. Amanda could so easily have slid her tongue between them, enjoying the warm, dripping wetness on her mouth and chin. Presently though, it was Jessica's asshole that Amanda was really interested in. Jessica readjusted her hands, cupping her ass cheeks and spreading them even wider. The tight ring of her rectum opened only slightly at first. She flexed her lower abdomen, her rear entrance continuing to widen until a chasm of darkness awaited. Amanda extended her tongue as far outward as she could and speared it directly into the yawning cavern. It was a perfect fit. 

"Ohhh fuck, YESSSSSSS!" Jessica hissed. Bearing down, she ground her hips against Amanda's face, pushing her girlfriend's tongue deeper into her body. When she felt fully penetrated, Jessica released her buttocks. The immediate tightness encircling Amanda's tongue was divine. She felt totally constricted; as though a python had wrapped itself around her tongue, squeezing and flexing. Jessica continously tightened and released her abdominal muscles, squeezing hard, clasping Amanda's tongue tightly with her back entrance. The dark-haired babe had such control that she actually tugged Amanda's tongue upwards each time she bore up and down. Simultaneously, she fanned the slippery contours of her clit with stiff fingers, speeding towards orgasm while gyrated her hips against Amanda's wet mouth. 

Amanda soon found Jessica moving too wildly to keep her tongue inside of her. Instead, Amanda curled her tongue around the bottom of her chin, like a small child catching snowflakes in a winter snowstorm. Jessica took advantage of this by planting her crotch fully on Amanda's extended tongue and sliding her midsection back and forth along the slippery track. There was nothing humble or gentle about this; Jessica put her full weight down on her girlfriend's face and ground into her hard. Within seconds, Jessica's entire crotch was glistening with a thick and sloppy layer of saliva. She rubbed her pussy against the other woman's face with an increasing rate of vigor. 

"Ready?" Jessica whispered excitedly. Amanda gasped a desperate, positive reply, her own pussy beginning to quake with excitement. She feebly tried to nod, using what little room she had to do so. It was enough to give Jessica the go-ahead. Amanda suddenly felt a warm flood of fluid cascading down her cheeks. The unmistakable scent of semen filled her nostrils. Her libido went wild. 

-----------------

It would be important at this point to back up half an hour and fill in the missing gaps before continuing. After all, not fifteen minutes before this, Amanda was huddled in the dark shadows of Jessica's fruit cellar, the door ajar only a few inches. Despite the cobwebs and dirty floor, this position was warranted because of the fantastic vantage point it offered Amanda. From the hidden location, she voyeuristically observed the action between Jessica and her new boyfriend, Max. 

After finishing their freshman college year the previous June, the two girls had begun experimenting sexually all summer. Each of them had made the agreement (naïve, perhaps) that they were not lesbians, and instead were simply enjoying new frontiers of sexual liberation. 

Jessica was a true fox, and come the beginning of September, she immediately began having flings with all of the hottest guys on campus. Frosh week was hardly over and she was immediately reeling them in. With a body and face like her's, she made easy work of the sex-starved crowd of first-year college guys. Max was a bit of an exception. He was in his final year and much older than most of the guys on campus. Jessica had found a particular penchant for attracting a more middle-aged guy like him, and she had stuck with him exclusively for several weeks. 

To Amanda, he was a fairly handsome. She had always had a secret fantasy of doing an older guy as well. However, without Jessica's arsenal of good looks, Amanda lacked the confidence to propose such a venture. She was still desperate to see him naked, and Jessica was more than happy to oblige her request. In fact, it was Jessica who first suggested more than just an observation of his unclothed body. 

"How would you like to taste his cum?" she had asked mischievously. 

And so it turned out that Jessica invited Max over to her parent's house for a round of sordid sex that fourth week of September. He was a bit apprehensive about "doing the nasty" with a chance that her parents might walk in, and thus Jessica suggested they do it in her basement. 

"There's a door leading out to my backyard," she had told him. "If my parents happen to come home, you can get out fast. Don't worry! My father isn't going to chase you with a shotgun!" 

Of course, Jessica had already planned on using the basement for other reasons. There were plenty of dark corners, any number of which would easily accommodate Amanda's spying fetish. The girls eventually settled on the unlit fruit cellar, leaving the door slightly ajar. 

"Do you think we'll be the first to consummate your basement?" Max said to her with a laugh as they undressed, spreading a blanket out on the cool cement floor. 

"Sex? - yes." Jessica replied. "Anal sex - most definitely." With that, Max looked at her with a questioning gaze. Jessica smiled at his dumbfounded face and continued. "Oh did I forget to mention I wanted you to fuck me in the ass?" 

Max wasn't the only one blown away by this sordid turn of events. Amanda's eyes widened in the darkness at the request for anal sex. She couldn't help reaching down and masturbating herself while she watched what followed. 

They did it doggy-style. Amanda fully enjoyed trailing her eyes across each one of Max's rippling muscles as he thrust into her. At the same time though, she got just as much of a pre-orgasmic kick out of eyeing Jessica's perfect tits as they freely swung back and forth with each thrust. Jessica's lower legs, from the knees down, continuously rose into the air with pleasure. At one point she reached back and grabbed her risen ankles, pulling them hard against her hips, balancing herself completely on her knees. Max slammed into her so hard that she leaned forward and pressed her face to the floor, using her left cheek to keep from falling forward. He ended up cumming deep within Jessica's body, his cock spearing her asshole right down to the base. 

The two of them looked almost ethereal at that very moment, as if they were both being bathed in a greenish blue light. If Amanda hadn't been so enthralled with the moment, she might have thought this very strange. Instead, wound up in her own pre-orgasmic rapture, all she did was huff, puff, and move her hips back and forth rapidly to the rhythm of her stroking finger. She missed the weird green-blue glow entirely. 

Almost immediately upon finishing, Jessica went into a well-acted panic, grabbing Max's clothes and telling him that she had heard her parents' car pull up. He went crazy with fright, pulling his pants on in a haphazard fashion and practically running for the cellar door. 

"Go through my back gate!" she cried as he pulled his shoes on. "Run through the field behind my house. Don't go out the front or my Dad will know what's going on!"

Of course, her father was not out the front anyway. Her need for his hasty exit after cumming was between Amanda and her; they had more important things to do, and time was of the essence. 

-----------------

And so, returning to the present moment, that was how it turned out that Jessica and Amanda had met naked in the middle of a blanket, on the floor of her basement. 

Amanda pulled her tongue back into her mouth, clearing the way for Max's cum to drip all over her face. Jessica lifted her asshole from Amanda's lips and leaned back, propping her arms on either side of the gal's hips for support. This gave both of them the perfect vantage point. 

"You ready again?" Jessica said to her with a horny gasp. She didn't wait for the other gal to respond. Instead, she lightly flexed her abdominal muscles. Amanda watched her puckery asshole balloon outwards a bit, then spread slightly. This was followed by a cream-colored leakage that spilled from deep within her. Amanda's tongue darted forward, lapping up the stream of his cum as if flowed from Jessica's ass. More and more trickled out and began running from the corners of Amanda's mouth, flowing down both sides of her neck. Never in her wildest dreams would she have ever thought she'd get a pearl necklace of cum from another woman's asshole. Jessica rubbed her crotch back and forth once more, lubricating most of Amanda's chin and mouth with Max's cum. Then finally, she pulled back and gave a final, strongest squeeze. With a sound of gurgling wetness, his remaining cum burst outwards and slopped wetly out across Amanda's face. Jessica looked down to find a load of it pooled on Amanda's upper lip, as well as one particularly large blast streaking up her left cheek and into her hair. 

The sexy babe climbed off of her and laid flat against the other gal's body. Pussy to pussy, tits to tits, they embraced each other and took in the warmth of skin against skin. Jessica started on Amanda's neck, lapping up the sticky cum that had run down across the curves of her throat. She then sucked the pool of semen from Amanda's upper lip. Reaching down, she parted Amanda's mouth and let the girl suck on her finger for a moment. Amanda felt her pussy go wild with pleasure as she watched Jessica fully extend her cum-drenched tongue. She let it drip into Amanda's mouth for a few moments before pursing her lips and spitting the rest into the gaping chasm below. 

The whole time she had stood in the fruit cellar, Amanda had been holding a sleek, white vibrator, waiting to use it when the two of them got together. Jessica picked it up from beside the blanket and flicked it on. She lifted her body from Amanda's just long enough to reach down and place the buzzing cock between their pussies. Neither of them were penetrated by it - instead they sandwiched the device between their snatches, where both of them could simultaneously enjoy the clitoral stinging that the vibrator offered. To heighten the pleasure even more, they began to deeply French kiss, licking Max's cum from each other's tongue and lips. Fully extended, their cream-dripping tongues intertwined with each other like mating snakes. Back and forth Max's spent semen went, from mouth to mouth, until both of their lower face were absolutely plastered with his drying sperm. 

Amanda, still occupying the bottom, slid her hands around the sides of Jessica's sexy waist and cupped her ass cheeks. She pulled Jessica's hot body closer, at the same time thrusting her midsection upwards. This tightly compacted their clits against the vibrator, sending electrical charges of pleasure flowing through their bodies. Coupled with the eroticism of spitting cum into each other's mouths, orgasm easily began to resonate through their quaking bodies. 

It was Amanda who was first to cross the finish line. She cried out hard and bit down on Jessica's shoulder, leaving a semen lip print of her tanned flesh. Orgasm exploded through her body, showering every inch of her sexy figure with a warm rain of ecstasy. 

Jessica never did cum - and Amanda never really got to enjoy the remaining waves of climax. 

For at that very moment, a bluish-green glow materialized out of nowhere in the middle of the basement floor. It might once more have been unnoticeable, but this time it was accompanied by a shrill, ear-piercing scream. Jessica whirled her head around in fright, expecting to see her mother's repulsed face glaring at them from the top of the stairs. Instead, she saw something far more terrifying. 

In the center of the basement floor, an eerie green and blue swirling fog had come out of nowhere, sparking with an almost electrical presence. Again a scream tore through the dark shadows of the basement, sending waves of panic through the two girls. Without any cause for caution, both of them bolted for the upstairs of the house. Should Jessica's parents have come home at that instant, they would have seen two naked female forms dash from the basement, eyes wide with panic, lower faces glistening reflectively with a well-spread coating of shared sperm. However, the terror in the basement made the risk of running into her parents far easier to deal with. They felt as though they were running for their lives. 

-----------------

What followed was a week of terror in Jessica's home - one in which the obvious sense of a presence overtook every shadow, every dark corner, every hour. Jessica started out by completely avoiding the basement, but soon realized that whatever ominous force had made itself known in the damp cellar had a stronger influence. There were subtle signs that its fingers of reach rose beyond the cellar steps. Floorboards creaked and doors swung open lightly, as if blown by a breeze. TV channels would change for no apparent reason. Kitchen drawers were found pulled out in the morning. 

Jessica's parents were, of course, none the wiser. They knew nothing about the incident in the basement and did not see the foreboding signs that something was amiss. The TV channel phenomenon was simply attributed to neighborhood interference. They pushed the kitchen drawers in without even considering why they were pulled out. And they didn't even register a response to creaks around the house. 

In fact, they were so oblivious to the signs that Jessica began to question her own paranoia. Perhaps there were simply no signs that all, and her terrified mind was converting rational experiences into evidence of demonic intervention. 

She and Amanda didn't talk much that week. October arrived and the college campus turned red and yellow with autumn colors. They met for lunch twice at the campus restaurant, but talked about other things. It was as if they each refused to be the one to bring the topic up, unwilling to deal with the conversation that would surely follow.

But then, one evening, Jessica's phone rang. 

"I saw it first!" Amanda said to her in a hysterical tone, without even saying hello. "I saw it when you were with Max!"

"Sshhhh! Calm down." Jessica said to her, taken aback by the sudden nonsensical statement. "I don't know what you mean."

An hour later though, Jessica found herself deep in thought. Amanda had explained to her the bluish cast of light that she had seen illuminating Max - long before it had appeared again accompanied by the ear-splitting screams. 

"I have a girlfriend who's heavily into witchcraft and the supernatural. I've been talking to her all week and she's explained everything to me clearly. Jessica - don't you see?" Amanda had said to her bluntly. "It happened when Max CAME, and then it happened again when you made ME cum. I know that sounds too bizarre but think about it! Why now? Why not before? You've been living there since we were kids! Why has your house never been haunted before?"

"I honestly don't know."

"I do. When has anyone ever had an orgasm in your basement before?"

"Probably never." 

"Exactly!" Amanda replied. "Max was the first... then me."

"How can you seriously think that cumming triggered this?" Jessica responded dryly. "That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard."

Or was it? Long after the phone conversation, Jessica found herself thinking deeper and deeper about the possibility. As terrified as she was, the idea was intriguing.

She wondered if she was daring enough to test out the theory. 

As if by more than coincidence, her parents announced shortly after that they were going to the late show. They wanted to know if Jessica wished to join them but she declined politely. Not half an hour later, her parents were stepping out the door. 

"You sure you don't want to come?" he mother asked. Jessica shook her head and told them to have fun. "Well, there's a cherry cheesecake I just bought in the fridge if you get hungry."

"Thanks mom." she said, closing the door. Food was the last thing on her mind. She waited long enough to watch their car pull away, then made a dash for the basement. Opening the cellar door, she peered downwards. As expected, there was nothing out of the ordinary to see. She looked to the center of the room, where the glowing light had originated the previous week. Finding nothing but a flat cement floor, free of markings, she gingerly followed the steps downwards. The entire basement was quiet and empty. 

Jessica stripped her jeans and underwear off, followed by what must have been ten to fifteen straight minutes of masturbating herself. Sitting on the foot of the stairs, she used Amanda's vibrator in every way possible - tickling her clit with the tip of it, pushing it deep into her body, stroking her asshole with it. Quite simply, nothing was working. She could not even get her "engine started", so to speak. Her nervousness made it impossible for her body to even begin heating up with pleasure.

She realized, with some trepidation, that there were two immediate problems: she was too sober, and the method with which she was doing herself was too mundane. If both of those conditions were reversed, she was confident she could turn herself into a spasming, erupting volcano of pleasure. Even with the nervousness of being in the basement - the apprehension of seeing something that would traumatize her - she was sure that it could be done. 

Fifteen minutes later, after pounding back shot after shot of straight vodka from her father's alcohol cupboard, Jessica found herself in a whole new frame of mind. She always was an extremely horny drunk. With her head spinning and her inhibitions loosened, she found herself with a whole new interest in the cherry cheesecake her mother had left in the fridge. Jessica had experienced some fairly messy food masturbations before. She had found them so exciting that they left her cumming like crazy in only a few minutes. It was exactly that type of excitement that she needed. 
