 The Chronicles of Slave Nano No.4: The First and Failed Mission to Rescue Goddess Eostra's Magical Talismans

By Slave Nano

Inspired by Goddess Nemesis

"Now, Slave Nano, I will offer you some sustenance before you depart on your mission."

Goddess Nemesis's words had brought me back to earth. I knew that the time had come that I would have to serve Her again in a time of dire need for the Goddesses. It was as if I was emerging from an enchantment; the Goddess's words were like an mystical mist that had engulfed me and left me entranced for an age. I was spread out on her rack, my ankles secured to spreader bars, my wrists cuffed and locked onto the side of the rack, my body wrapped tightly in a cold iron chain. Clamps were still secured to my nipples and tight clamps gripped my balls. The waves of pain mingled with Goddess' mesmerising words and washed through me transporting me into the magical place that she described. I lay there in silence, my head spinning, trying to piece together the complex web of directions and talismans that Goddess had weaved in my mind. The gentle touch of her gloved hand on my upper arm as her words wove their magic only served to lure me deeper and deeper into another world. Sensuous beyond any mere physical sexual desire that gentle touch entwined with Goddess's alluring voice and magical words transported me into another place; into one of the Goddess's magical realms.

And now I was punch drunk with the visions that swirled in my head – cuckoo clocks, golden primroses, swans and golden shells, emerald chandeliers and a mystical forest with a fairy tale castle swam around in my head.

"Slave Nano, this will help you on your journey. It is a feast fitting for the mission that I have set you."

Whilst emerging from my dream like state I was conscious of Goddess sat next to me breaking a sausage and dropping pieces into a bowl that contained her golden waters. She held a piece of sausage imbued with her waters and held it over my open expectant mouth. I bit a piece off, its surface moist with goddess's golden wine and slowly chewed on the sausage meat, drawing in the sustenance that was offered me. I knew that this would provide me with fortitude for the ordeals that awaited me. I knew also that, being soaked in the waters from Goddess's own body, this would provide me with spiritual guidance as well. I took in every bite, every sip, slowly and purposefully knowing that it was part of Goddess's purpose for me and that it was critical to the success of the mission. I sucked the warm waters from her pvc gloved hand and drank every last drop of her golden wine from the bowl.

Goddess spoke to me again, "You must not fail. You understand the importance of your mission. The Goddesses have called on me, as the Goddess of fate and retribution, and I have offered you as my slave to provide them with assistance."

"I understand the importance of this mission, Goddess," I whispered.

"You must restore Goddess Eostra's talismans to her – her nine white swans, her nine magical hares and her nine virgin hand maidens. This will restore part of her power. I don't think you will be able to re-capture her magical mirror this time, but any information you can find will help you in any future mission to recover it."

xxxxxxxxxx

I had travelled to the pretty medieval town of Hoxter near the River Weser, deep in the heavily forested Harz Mountains of Germany. My directions from Goddess Nemesis were to find the shop of the Jewish clockmaker, Hanz Springstein, an old fashioned clock maker specialising in cuckoo clocks. The village was picturesque with its brightly painted wooden buildings lining a delightfully cobbled street. It was a chocolate box scene. Yet, there was something unsettling about the atmosphere there. The main village street was empty and windswept, the paint on the buildings, which should have been bright and cheerful, was cracked and worn. As I walked purposefully up the street in search of the clockmakers shop I sensed lace curtains being drawn aside and suspicious eyes peering at this stranger. It was clear to me that the usurpers in the castle, whose fairy tale turrets I could see in the distance towering over the heavy woods, had spread their influence over the whole area.

I found the only clockmakers in the village and entered; the cow bell above the shop's door rang. I cast my eyes around the shop, which was jammed full of beautifully crafted cuckoo clocks. The shop was a testament to the art and skills of centuries of clock making. The noise of countless minutes permeated the air. Hanz Springstein, the old clockmaker came in from his workshop, his sharp eyes, framed by a mane of thick white hair, stared at me appraisingly over his round metal rimmed spectacles. 

"You have a marvellous array of time pieces here," I commented fixing his eyes knowingly. 

"Are you looking for anything in particular," he asked.

I replied, "I wonder if you have a clock with carvings of primroses and eggs, it is a present for Easter to give to the special lady in my life."

"All of the clocks here have been lovingly made by my own hands, I find it hard to single one out. I can see you have very discerning tastes. I think I have just the thing for you."

He climbed onto a footstool and reached up precariously to remove a particular clock from the wall. It was a marvellous piece of craftsmanship. The cuckoo was almost life-like as if its beady eyes were really staring at you. On one side of the clock there was a primrose etched with gold leaf onto the pine wood and on the other side a golden egg. 

"I will take this one," I said eagerly, "handing over some bank notes for him. I can see that the craftsmanship is magnificent. The detail in your carving is very skilled."

"That's an excellent choice young man," he replied. "But remember, all clocks made in the Weser Valley bear the tiny gold symbol of an egg, some where among their rich carvings, a few emulate, but can never replicate."

I took heed of the clockmakers words and then commented that the village seemed quiet today.

"Yes, it has been like that since the Baron von Hellzencoq took over the castle," the old man whispered. "People are afraid to go out and trade is miserable in the village. The Baron's spies are everywhere and there is no young maiden will venture out at night, and even during the day unaccompanied, for fear of being taken by the Baron's agents. There are rumours of unspeakable atrocities and debauchery that take place in the castle."

"Yes, I have heard these rumours also," I commented, without offering any clue as to where I had got my information from.

"These are hard days for us now that the Goddess Eostra has been usurped. Without her protection I fear for us all. "

"Don't worry, old man, they are many strange forces at work, perhaps times will get better."

"I certainly hope so. I trust you'll get great pleasure and use out of your cuckoo clock," he called as I left his shop.

"Oh, I'm sure I will," I called back before closing the door behind me.

When I set off on the next stage of my mission early the next day it was still dark though dawn was starting to break over the forest. I followed the path heading out of the village of Polle and glanced anxiously at the time on my cuckoo clock as I knew that I had to be at the fork in the road by 6.30. 

The clock was large and heavy, fashioned out of the local pine wood, and sumptuously decorated in dark green and red paint. I held it in under my arm. It seemed strange to have to carry this heavy clock with me, but I knew that I had to have it with me all the time as it contained the tools that I would need to complete Goddess Nemesis's mission. Whilst in my room in the forlorn hostelry that I stayed in that night I had examined the clock carefully. In the roof of the cuckoo's house I found a tiny gold key. In the base of the clock were carved nine primrose flowers, the sacred flowers of the Goddess Eoastra. In a wood nest inside I found three precious stones the size and shape of a swallow's egg; one in jade, one in malachite and one in emerald. I knew that these were paramount in my mission to rescue the nine acolytes. There was also an egg shaped piece of mirror, a fragment of magic mirror that would aid me. I was reassured to find them all there and that the clockmaker had sold me the clock that Goddess Nemesis had described to me.

The tales that the old clockmaker had told confirmed what Goddess had described to me. This was once an enchanted forest protected by the powers of Goddess Eostra. I tried to imagine it as Goddess had described it with delightful bubbling brooks, lush undergrowth, brightly coloured wildflowers and full of woodland animals. In the darkness of the pre-dawn light it had a forbidding and evil atmosphere. As I ventured cautiously along the path I sensed that I was being watched. I was fearful that the Baron's spies were abroad and that he might have had some fore-warning that the Goddesses were attempting to recover the stolen talismans of Goddess Eostra. I could see sharp pin pricks of light shining through the dense forest, the eyes of some unspeakable foul beasts that the Baron and Empress had filled the woods with to protect their ill-gotten lands and invoke fear into the hearts of the villagers.

As the sun rose and the sky became infused in dusky pink the bright eyes receded into the darkness again. The dawn crept up sending fingers of light through the trees. It was twenty-five minutes past six when I arrived at a fork in the road. I had arrived just in time. I sat on the trunk of fallen tree, its wood putrid and rotten, a living symbol of the Baron's detested reign over the lands, to wait the last five minutes. In the distance, looming above the canopy of the forest I could see the fairy tale turrets of the Goddess Eostra's castle. At the stroke of half past six I noticed a furry brown head and ears poke out from the tangled undergrowth and disappear just as suddenly. It must be the hare that Goddess said would take me to a secret entrance into the castle. The head appeared again and this time glanced cautiously around before emerging from the foliage and leaping across the path to join me.

"Quickly, follow me," the hare whispered nervously looking around. "We mustn't stay in the open for too long. The Baron's spies are everywhere. If you are seen with me it might betray the purpose of your mission."

I followed the hare through the dense undergrowth of tangled thorns and weeds.

"Oh dear, this used to be such a beautiful and wondrous forest. There should be a carpet of golden daffodils here by now but there are only thistles and weeds and the brooks have all dried up. Your arrival is timely. The Goddess Nemesis is generous in offering the aid of one of her slaves. You can see what is happening to the forest without the Goddess's protection"

I nodded my head, "yes I can see now first hand the plight of Goddess Eostra's lands. I have been given my mission and directions. I can see how desperate the situation is."

"And time is of the essence. You will know that the 20th March is the date of the spring equinox when Baron von Hellzencoq plans to impregnate Goddess Eostra's nine hand maidens. You must not waste any time."

We fought through the tangle of thorns and thistles until we came to an ivy- covered wall hidden in the midst of the forest. The hare used his nose to push some of the ivy to one side to reveal a tiny door, nine inches high. At its base some mushrooms were growing.

"There is very little magic left in the forest now," said the hare, "but the Goddess has just enough power to protect this secret entrance to her castle and the magic mushrooms. You know what you must do, but you must keep hold of the cuckoo clock at all times to carry through into the secret passage."

I knelt down, the cuckoo clock tucked securely under one arm, and picked one mushroom. I noticed that around the mushroom there was clump of buttercups. I was mindful of the guidance that Goddess Nemesis had given me and plucked one single flower and put it carefully in my pocket. I took the piece of mushroom and popped part of it into my mouth and put the rest in my pocket believing that it could have a use for my mission. It was a peculiar taste and sensation as my body shrunk in size and the clock with me. I was stood in front of a tiny green door with a brass knocker in the shape of a primrose. There was no keyhole but there were three holes in the door. I opened up the back of the cuckoo clock which was now tiny and pulled out the three green gem stones, slotting the jade, malachite and emerald into spaces that fitted.

The hare's red eyes looked up in terror and his ears twitched. We could hear the rustling in the undergrowth several hundred yards away and then the barking of a dog and in the further distance the gruff voices of men shouting.

"Quickly," whispered the hare. "You mustn't waste any more time. Go into the passageway now. I will lead the dogs away from you. You mustn't be seen and the secret door mustn't be discovered, it's one of the few places where the Goddess has any power now. Don't worry about me, I can run swiftly. For all our sakes, don't fail in your mission."

"Good bye and good luck hare," I said, "thank you for help. I'll try not to let you down."

I passed through the door into an underground passage. The air was dank with moist soil. I heard the hare bounding off into the undergrowth and soon after a dog sniffing on the other side of the ivy covered door before barking and running off in pursuit of the poor hare. I hope he will be safe I thought. I could do no more than take his advice and enter the secret passageway into the castle.

I must only have been eight inches tall and the cuckoo clock no more than the size of fingernail. But, it was most peculiar, as the tunnel widened out so I grew in size at the same time. I walked briskly down along the musty corridor until at the end I had returned to my normal size. It was still only seven o'clock. The beautifully painted and life like cuckoo popped out of its wooden house. 

"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo," the clock piped.

Shit, I thought, what am I going to do? Hopefully, I was still too far away from any of the inhabitants of the castle to be overheard but as I got closer into the castle the clock could give me away. And yet, I knew it was crucial to my mission and had been told to keep it with me at all times. This was a dilemma I would have to try and resolve as I penetrated further into the castle.

I had to seek out Goddess Eostra's worship suite and the adjoining dressing room to find the chamber of cuckoo clocks that Goddess had directed me to. I had been told that this was in the west tower overlooking the lake, with its high arched windows now blacked out. I set off around the passageways of the castle, with no guidance but my own instinct, expecting that the room was probably in one of the castle's many turrets. I proceeded with great care ensuring that corridors were clear before stepping out into them. It was imperative that I was not caught and I was conscious of how conspicuous I would be if I was seen with the cuckoo clock under my arm. I tried to work my way systematically up each tower looking for the chamber of cuckoo clocks continually hiding around corners or in alcoves. At 8 o'clock I dived into an empty chamber with tapestries and wrapped the clock in material praying that it would deaden the sound of the cuckoo enough not to draw attention to me. A few minutes before 9 o'clock I found another empty room this time containing a display of dyed swan feathers. Clearly I was in a part of the castle that had not yet been desecrated by the Baron. Once again I trusted to fate that the cuckoo clock would not betray my mission.

The castle was a labyrinth of towers, passages and chambers many of which Baron von Hellzencoq and Empress Dykenspeil had not yet taken up. I had now entered the parts of the castle that were occupied and busier so I had to proceed even more carefully. I noticed that the walls had been etched with graffiti – crude drawings of penises or naked women. The whole atmosphere of the castle had suddenly become filthy and strewn with debris and broken furnishings. 

At one point I ducked behind some tapestries that were torn or deliberately slashed to avoid an approaching servant of the Baron only to find that I had mistakenly slipped into a large hall. At the far end was a throne, with a canopy of carved wood fashioned in the shape of swan's head, which was now showing signs of neglect. The material decorating the pillars, which once must have been bright and colourful, were now decayed and torn. The room must have been very important at one time, perhaps Goddess Eostra's own throne room. A long wooden table ran up to the throne at the far end. 

Two figures leant over the table pouring over some plans that had been spread across it. One was dressed entirely in a figure hugging leather suit, a hood over her head with a black feather out the top. The she-male was a commanding figure made taller by her black leather stiletto ankle boots. She wore a massive metal studded leather strap-on around her waist that protruded up in front of her. The sex of the figure was hard to determine, but I could only assume that this was the she-male, Empress Dykenspeil. The second figure was a ruddy and portly male with a mane of ginger hair and a huge handle bar moustache. He was dressed in a black cloak over a jerkin decorated with the image of an erect penis. This must be Baron von Hellzencoq. The presence of these two figures dominated the room. 

But there was a whole cavalcade of human flesh in this hall. There were some naked girls chained onto the pillars and gagged. There were other girls with collars and leashes sat or lying on the floor treated like trained dogs at the heels of their master and mistress. Yet more naked girls were either side of Baron von Hellzencoq continually stroking his body. I could see his erection wanting to burst out of his breeches.

"Later, my dears, I will fuck you later. You can see that I'm busy now."

Empress Dykenspeil pulled the hair of one of the girls making her yelp with pain.

"If you want something to do, get on your knees and suck my dildo."

The girl dutifully obeyed and took the metal studded monstrous false cock into her mouth and sucked as the two continued their conversation.

"Look here, we can demolish the village and turn it into an arcade of sex shops and brothels. We can take all of the girls in the village and put them into prostitution," the Baron said pointing to the roll of plans on the table.

"Darling, my favourite is the arse fuck ride. Just imagine all those perverts with false vibrating cocks up their arses being transported around on a roller coaster. I think that idea is just delightful."

This was Empress Dykenspeil speaking. It was clear that they were discussing the plans to turn the castle and its surrounding lands into a sex theme park. The danger to the Goddess Eostra was clear. If her lands were in the hands of these two for much longer the damage caused by this debauched couple would be irreparable. The Goddess needed aid now desperately to rescue her magical kingdom whilst it could still be saved for her.

I looked at the cuckoo clock. It was approaching 10 o'clock now and I had to get away from my hiding place before the cuckoo clock piped up again. I withdrew from behind the tapestry back into the maze of passages. I felt I must be close but it still took me nearly another hour winding my way up a spiral staircase into one of the many turreted towers and then wandering down passages until I sensed that I was near. 

I entered what must have been goddess Eostra's worship suite but like so much of the castle it had been defiled. The pale green marble walls had been painted scarlet, her golden throne had been replaced by an iron gothic throne. All the beautiful gold hangings and green marble statues were gone and in their place black velvet and ebony statues of figures in lewd poses. The goddess's sacred gold altar where she performed her rites to herald the return of spring and fertility had been covered in sliver. It was here that the transsexual Baron and his bi-sexual wife now performed rites of a very different form at all hours of the day and night. All around were mirrors, some two way, all distorting, all reflecting. 
