 -- for Theresa

*

A handsome soldier of fortune was walking down the road. He whistled a happy tune and as he whistled he dreamed of all the riches in the world and all the pretty girls. 

Suddenly, at a bend in the road, he chanced upon a beautiful maiden. Her eyes were the colour of emeralds and her hair was the colour of night. 

"Handsome soldier!", she cried

" Won't you help a young maiden in her hour of need?"

The soldier was indeed, both handsome and (or so he thought) a gentleman, and he replied:-

"How might I assist you, fair maiden?"

The beautiful young girl tapped an old dead tree beside the road:-

"This tree is hollow.", She said.

"If you allow me to lower you down inside with this rope you will find yourself in a large hall. You will see three doors. Behind each door you will find a large dog. If you give each dog a bone he will reward you by revealing to you a secret -- one of the three secrets of the sphinx."

The handsome soldier had never heard of 'The Three Secrets of the Sphinx". The young maiden explained that the city that the handsome soldier was walking towards had a castle and in the castle there lived a queen -- a queen that no-one had ever seen because it was guarded by a giant sphinx! The sphinx would not let any man pass unless he knew the three secrets. 

The young maiden went on to explain that it was rumored that any man who discovered the three secrets of the sphinx would find his fortune and discover his destiny within the walls of the queen's forbidden castle. 

The handsome soldier thought about what the young maiden had said:-

"And what is it that you require in return for this generosity?"

The beautiful young girl replied:-

"You will find an old cinder box in the hall. You will need it when you see the dogs. I would be very grateful if you could bring it back for me." 

And with those words she gave the handsome soldier three bones.

So the handsome soldier found himself being lowered down by a rope into the hollow of the tree and just as the young maiden had said, he eventually came to a large hall. There were three doors to one side. Each one was larger than the one before. And there, lying upon the floor, the soldier saw the cinder box that the young maiden had asked for. He picked it up. 

The soldier then went to the smallest of the three doors. He paused for a moment and then opened the door and stepped inside.

What the handsome soldier saw nearly made his hat fall off!

Upon the wall there hung a beautiful silken tapestry and before it, lying on a silken carpet there was a dog; an enormous dog - and its eyes were as big as chastity cages!

The dog looked at the handsome soldier with its huge eyes. The soldier crept forward and from his pocket he took out a bone and gave it to the great dog. The dog blinked once and then, to the soldier's huge surprise, it said:-

"Have you come to learn the first secret of the sphinx?"

Without even pausing to consider, the soldier replied: 

"Yes!" 

The dog then said: 

"Open the cinder box and then look upon the silken tapestry."

When the soldier opened the cinder box there was suddenly a great cloud of dust and the soldier felt very strange indeed. What came out of the cinder box didn't smell like cinders and didn't look like cinders, but then, nothing at all seemed quite the same as it had just a few moments before! The dog's eyes grew wider and wider and began to spin a-round and a-round. And the tapestry upon the wall seemed to have become a viewing glass that drew his eyes to gaze inside... - and what he gazed upon he could not drag his eyes away from!

He saw a pathetic pleading slave with his eyes full of tears. He was pleading for his mistress to release him. He cried that he could not bear the severity of her punishments and that his Mistress deserved a stronger slave!

And, as in a dream the handsome soldier saw a terrifying woman with anger in her heart. Her dress was the colour a burning sky and her eyes were the colour of emeralds and her hair was the colour of night. 

To punish her slave for his weakness, she had her cowardly slave all dressed in pretty, sissy things. She had him tied over a whipping bar with his wrists tied to his ankles. He had his dress and petticoats pulled over his back and his pretty knickers, all shapeless, lay around his ankles.

His dress and petticoats looked as pretty as a flower -- a flower with a thousand petals all shaking and dancing -- a flower with a crimson heart:- crimson, because, like some great relentless clock, the slaves Mistress was hammering down with her great cane and painting the centre of that flowery world with bloody shades of pain.

She heard his screams: and each one was a little gift -- a breath of life that brightened for its moment a burning thrill that she nurtured deep, deep down inside of her. And if she got the rhythm right each scream added a little heat where there was a little less before. And so, with greater urgency and force, the strokes rained down and kept there endless rhythm to fire the great engine of her pleasure. 

Was it yesterday or was it a thousand years ago that the first great stroke had shaken his world apart? Was it yesterday or was it a thousand years ago that something other than his Mistress and the pain that she gave defined the beginning and the ending of his world. After what seemed an eternity there was no longer any hope -- no promise of awakening - no reprieve. He realized, finally, that there was never any right or wrong - no justice served. There was only ever the will of his mighty Mistress and whatever strength that he had left to endure her gift of pain. It wasn't giving-up -- it was a divine surrender!

And when his Mistress saw the transformation in her slave: when she saw the alchemy of agony transmute all hope into silent acceptance and obedience, it was then -- at that moment, that the blaze of fire that she had tended to herself, spilled over the break and set her world alight with ecstasy. 

At that moment the great dog opened its mouth and out poured a stream of copper coins. 

The soldier suddenly awoke from his enchantment and he was very afraid of the things that he had seen. But then, everything seemed as it did before and the soldier wondered if it had all been nothing but a dream. The tapestry was again just a beautiful silken tapestry and the great dog's eyes were no longer spinning. The dog yawned and went to sleep upon its silken carpet.

When the soldier saw the pile of copper coins he cried out for joy and crammed as many as he could into his pockets and then left the room.

The soldier paused. He had plenty of money; why take the risk of going into the next room? It was curiosity!: curiosity and the thought that there may be greater riches to be had.

So, the handsome soldier then went to the second largest of the three doors. He paused for a moment and then opened the door and stepped inside.

What the handsome soldier saw nearly made his trousers fall down!

Upon the wall there hung a beautiful silver tapestry and before it, lying on a silver carpet there was a dog; an enormous dog and its eyes were as big as spanking paddles!

The dog looked at the handsome soldier with its huge eyes. The soldier crept forward and from his pocket he took out a bone and gave it to the great dog. It blinked twice and then, to the soldier's huge surprise, it said:-

"Have you come to learn the second secret of the sphinx?"

Without even pausing to consider, the soldier replied: 

"Yes!" 

The dog then said: 

"Open the cinder box and then look upon the tapestry."

When the soldier opened the cinder box there was, again, a great cloud of dust and the soldier felt very strange indeed. What came out of the cinder box didn't smell like cinders and didn't look like cinders. But then, nothing at all seemed quite the same as it had just a few moments before:- the dog's eyes grew wider and wider and began to spin a-round and a-round and the tapestry upon the wall seemed to have become a viewing glass that drew his eyes to gaze inside... - and what he gazed upon he could not drag his eyes away from!

He saw a furtive slave, taking advantage of his Mistress' absence and her trust. He thrilled himself upon her satin slip, imagining, all the while, that the queen of all his dreams was wearing it! The handsome soldier saw that lustful man disgrace himself and sully the perfect smoothness of the fabric of his mistress' beautiful garment.

And, as in a dream He saw a seasoned woman wearing that same satin slip -- a satin slip as blue as the summer sky. And her eyes were the colour of emeralds and her hair was the colour of night. 

To punish her slave, she made him sit in his satin dress, obedient for his mistress, with his face just inches from her beautiful slip. And beneath his sissy satin dress he wore some sissy petticoats; as lacy and as silky and as sexy as you like! And beneath his sissy petticoats he wore a lovely pair of sissy knickers: as pink and as pretty as a dream. And last of all, but best of all, inside his pretty knickers, his pride and all his manly dreams were crammed as tightly as a scream into a teeny-weeny satin purse as blue as the summer sky. It was made from the same material as her wonderful slip.

Her hand stroked the tussles of his hair -- was it for the tenth time?: was it the millionth? Was it an eternity that they had been there:- She -- a gorgeous luxury of flowing blue, draped upon her couch; and he, her slave, kneeling before his Queen with his face only a heavens breath away from so much pleasure? He was Tantalus and she (the sum of all his dreams) was driving him slowly mad. 

Minutes passed... centuries. She felt the furnace of her pleasure burn.

And ages came and went in the silver tapestry of light. And then, somewhere in that endless suffering silence - something changed! -- something had begun to break! Her slave began to shake and then... everything was frozen by a sudden touch! 

It was the moment when his tears soaked through her satin slip and gently kissed her skin. It was too intimate a touch, too close to the fire that was burning there at that most intimate part of her! It was enough, and she shuddered as her pleasure turned to endless bliss.

At that moment the great dog opened its mouth and out poured a stream of silver coins. 

The soldier awoke from his enchantment and he was very afraid of what he had seen. But then, everything seemed as it did before and the soldier wondered if it had all been nothing but a dream. The tapestry was again just a beautiful silver tapestry and the great dog's eyes were no longer spinning. The dog yawned and went to sleep upon its silver carpet.

When the soldier saw the pile of silver coins he cried for joy he threw away his copper coins and crammed as many silver coins as he could into his pockets and left the room. The soldier paused. He had plenty of money. Why take the risk of going into the next room? It was curiosity: curiosity and the thought that there may be greater riches to be had!

So, the soldier then went to the largest of the three doors. He paused for a moment and then opened the door and stepped inside.

What the handsome soldier saw nearly made his underpants explode!

Upon the wall there hung a beautiful golden tapestry and before it, lying on a golden carpet there was a dog; an enormous dog - and its eyes were as big as iron maidens!

The dog looked at the handsome soldier with its huge eyes. The soldier crept forward and from his pocket. He took out the last bone and gave it to the great dog. It blinked three times and then, to the soldier's huge surprise, it said:-

"Have you come to learn the third secret of the sphinx?"

Without even pausing to consider, the soldier replied: 

"Yes!" 

The dog then said: 

"Open the cinder box and then look upon the tapestry."

When the soldier opened the cinder box there was again a great cloud of dust and the soldier felt very strange indeed. What came out of the cinder box didn't smell like cinders and didn't look like cinders. But then, nothing at all seemed quite the same as it had just a few moments before! The dog's eyes grew wider and wider and began to spin a-round and a-round and the golden tapestry upon the wall seemed to have become a viewing glass that drew his eyes to gaze inside... - and what he gazed upon he could not drag his eyes away from!

He saw a sly slave sitting at his Mistress feet. His Mistress wore a dress as yellow as the sun. He was instructed to look as pretty as pretty could be and to be a good little sissy. But lustful as he was he could not help but notice, from where he sat, that he could plainly see his Mistress delicious underwear! And as his greedy eyes crept up her stockinged legs and up beyond her slip -- a wondrous feast! -- a glimpse of yellow panties met his fevered eyes and made his manhood grow within his knickers. And, taking advantage of his Mistress' trust, he quietly touched himself and spilled his ecstasy inside those pretty knickers. 

And then, as in a dream the handsome soldier saw a goddess wearing that same yellow dress -- looking down upon her miserable slave. And her eyes were the colour of emeralds and her hair was the colour of night. 

Her slave was imprisoned in an oubliette -- no more than a tiny hole dug into the bottom of the basement, - it was just large enough to crouch in and it was topped with a heavy metal grill. It was padlocked for eternity! And when her slave looked up at her, through the heavy grill, with his terrible wanting eyes, she felt them as the slightest breeze beneath her skirt. And when he dreamed his lustful dreams they touched her as a thousand tiny hands might touch her most intimate heart.

Was it a day or was it a thousand years that he crouched there, waiting for the occasional glimpse of heaven when SHE would come to grace him with her beauty. Each time like the first:- a sudden summer in her yellow dress. She always lay upon her couch and he ever struggled to find some purchase in his hole, that he might pleasure himself in the too confining space whilst he strained to see her. 

This time, she hears his gasps and struggles and rewards him with a glimpse up her skirt; her stockings, her satin slip and there! -- oh heaven -- her yellow panties. But as always, before he can find a path to bliss, she rises, smiles and leaves herself as a printed dream locked in his eyes that he might torture himself with wanting her - forever.

But, before she finally leaves the room, she hears a sound -- the sound of loss and unfulfillable longing as her slave once more presses his face hard against the grill so that he might have one last glimpse of her before she goes. It is enough!, - to hear that sound, and she stops as her body surrenders to delight.

At that moment the great dog opened its mouth and out poured a stream of golden coins. 

The soldier awoke from his enchantment and, again, he was very afraid because of what he had seen. But again, everything seemed as it did before and the soldier wondered if it had all been nothing but a dream. The tapestry was again just a beautiful golden tapestry and the great dog's eyes were no longer spinning. The dog yawned and went to sleep upon its golden carpet.

When the soldier saw the pile of golden coins he cried for joy. He threw away his silver coins and crammed as many golden coins as he could into his pockets and left the room.

The soldier called up and asked for the young maiden to help him to get back up.

She called down:-

"Have you got my cinder box?" 

And the soldier replied:-

"Yes, I have the cinder box." And with that the young maiden pulled upon the rope and helped the handsome soldier climb back up. 

When the handsome man was once again standing in the road beside the tree the young maiden demanded that he hand over the cinder box. 

"Why is this old cinder box so valuable to you." The soldier demanded.

"That is none of your business." Replied the young maiden. 

The soldier said:

"Ok, I will give you the cinder box but on one condition -- you must show me your panties." 

The young maiden was shocked and protested. But the soldier was unmoved.

Finally, the young lady relented and lifted up her skirt so that the soldier could see her panties. What he saw took his breath away. She wore panties as green as the Coral Sea and they were made of a material so fine, so liquid smooth that all that the soldier could think of was drowning in them. 

When the young maiden saw the desire in the soldier's eyes she became afraid and ran away to hide in the forest. The soldier followed her, but the gold in his pockets was heavy and soon he decided that it would be better to spend his money with all the pretty girls in the city than to chase one pretty girl in the forest. So, soon it was that the handsome soldier (who, it transpired, was not a gentleman!) was once more whistling his happy tune whilst dreaming of all the riches in the world and all the pretty girls. 

He eventually arrived at the city, and, with all the gold in his pockets he soon forgot about the young maiden and her tale of the queen in her castle and his promised destiny. He drank so much wine and he was having so much fun and he was making so many friends and meeting so many pretty girls that nothing else seemed important.

And his friends helped the soldier spend his money until there was nothing left at all. Then the handsome soldier found that he did not have any real friends at all -- but he did have lots and lots of debts! And so, one morning the poor soldier found himself huddled in his room as an angry crowd of creditors hammered on his door demanding their money or his life!

The soldier didn't know what to do. But then, he remembered the cinder box. Perhaps the maidens magic cinder box could help him. He opened the cinder box and there was a great cloud of dust and the smallest of the three dogs appeared -- the one with eyes as big as chastity cages. The soldier said:-

"There is an angry crowd or creditors outside. Can you give me some copper coins and save me?"

But, the dog replied:-

"I can give you no money. You must go to the queens forbidden castle and discover your destiny."

The soldier again opened the cinder box and again there was a great cloud of dust and the second largest of the three dogs appeared -- the one with eyes as big as spanking paddles. The soldier said:-

"There is an angry crowd or creditors outside. Can you give me some silver coins and save me?"

But, the dog replied:-

"I can give you no money. You must go to the queens forbidden castle and discover your destiny."

He opened the cinder box once more and again there was a great cloud of dust and the largest of the three dogs appeared -- the one with eyes as big as big as iron maidens. The soldier said:-

"There is an angry crowd or creditors outside. Can you give me some golden coins and save me?"

But, the dog replied:-

"I can give you no money. You must go to the queens forbidden castle and discover your destiny - jump on my back."

So the soldier jumped on the great dog's back and they all ran from the house. The creditors were very afraid when the saw the giant dogs and ran away. But the dogs chased them and threw them up into the air so high that they never came down again!

The handsome soldier was carried by the largest dog to the queens forbidden castle. What he saw there almost made his head fall off. There was a giant sphinx and its eyes were as big as windmills. 

The soldier got down from his dog and stood before the great sphinx. The great sphinx looked at the handsome soldier, blinked its huge eyes once, and then said:-

"So, you think that you know the three secrets of the sphinx? Well then, tell me, oh handsome soldier, how long should a slaves body be made to wait for the attention of his Mistress?"
