 1.

I have always been interested in new and exciting experiences; all through my life I was never content with familiar pleasures, with just coasting along, which is why, when I was approached by an old friend about the club, it immediately piqued my interest.

I had known Les since we were both at the same Catholic grammar school; as boys we had skipped school together, wandered the streets at night looking for the secret life of society; confided in each other things which we could tell no other person. We had lost touch over the years; both marrying and divorcing a few years later. Living as single men we both felt separated from the mainstream, lacking something which we knew we wanted.

I happened to bump into Les in the street, walking from my office to the diner at lunch-time, it was quite a shock seeing him; not because it was so unexpected but because he seemed unchanged by the intervening ten years since our last meeting whereas I felt that I had become old.

After the usual social things one does when meeting an old friend after a long time, such as enquiring after each other's health, family, fortune in life etc. I made to part from him again after exchanging mobile phone numbers. Les fixed me with a strange look: 

"Listen John, I know you very well, I can see that you're running on empty buddy, you need something and don't deny it, I may be able to put the interest back in your life, are you interested?"

His words seemed to paralyze me for a while. I had no idea what to say. I couldn't brush him off as he was a good friend of mine, my best friend of all actually, and he had spoken the simple truth.

"Well Les, what can I say, I am getting older, I will be turning forty soon you know." 

Les laughed in my face at this: 

"You don't have to tell me how old you are pal.... we went through 6 years of God-awful catholic school together, I am almost forty also. Listen to me John, think about something this afternoon, if I could take you somewhere where you could experience a renewal of all your life-force at the cost of risking your life, would you be interested? It's a slim chance of death against the certainty of intense life? What have you got to lose?"

I must have looked dumbstruck, because Les just shook my hand and said:

"Think about it today...let me know by tomorrow night, it's not a joke pal, seeya."'

I went back to work and tried to put Les' words out of my mind, but it was impossible; the more I thought about it the more true it seemed. I had become a pale shadow of the person I used to be, a cypher, life had no savour any more. Why not risk life to get it back again?

As to what kind of experience Les might be offering me I had several ideas: mountain climbing, skydiving, trekking in the wilds perhaps solo yachting. By the time the deadline was close and I had to let him know I was no longer in any doubt; whatever Les was offering me I wanted to try it, at least once. I phoned him up and arranged to meet him on a certain street corner in the inner city. 

   2.

 It was a fairly deserted area where we met. After business hours that part of the city just seems to empty; no major tourist attractions, no restaurants or pubs, just workplaces that were now closed for the night. I saw Les in a doorway: "Hey Les, what's all this about? I feel like a spy or a criminal or something." My old buddy gave me a funny look and mumbled something about us all being exactly that, one way or another, but I didn't ask him what he meant and we strolled off down one of the small streets that form a maze behind the major roads of the area.

"Well John, this is the moment you have to decide if you're ready to risk death to feel more alive than you have for years. Don't ask me for any further details now please; just answer and we can proceed or not."

I had been thinking deeply since I met up with Les the day before and I now had no doubts; anything that might happen would be better than continuing the empty life I had these days. 

"let's proceed Les, I have already made up my mind."

Far from making my friend look happier or more relaxed my agreement seemed to make him sombre. 

"Okay my old friend, I am glad to have you along for the ride tonight; just remember this one thing later on, that you and I and everyone else you will see tonight all joined the club in exactly the way you are joining, sight unseen, okay?"

I said that I understood, although naturally I understood nothing and Les next brought out from his pocket two red capsules, one of which he offered me. 

"Just swallow this capsule John, it's going to make the evening go with more of a swing, OK?" 

For the first time that night I now thought I knew what was going on, we were on our way to some kind of club, like a hellfire club maybe, where perhaps wild sex was going on; perhaps the capsule was an aphrodisiac or a pep pill. In any case I certainly had no hesitation in choking the capsule down dry as I saw my friend Les doing the same. "Lead on Les, I'm in."    

We got to a small doorway in a nondescript alley. It looked like the entrance to an upstairs flat as there were no windows in the wall nearby but the next floor up had a row of lit windows. I looked up:

"Is it up there Les?"

"No John, we will be going down one floor. During the war there was an air raid shelter down there, the club have refurbished it and made it suitable for our meetings; once the outer doors are shut it is soundproof to all intents and purposes. Nobody could possibly see or hear what will happen in the club who isn't a member; that's very important."

The more I heard the more I was convinced I was in for an evening of wild sex. This feeling was reinforced by the gathering hot-bloodedness I felt, which was gradually resolving itself into sexual desire.

I glanced over towards Les as we waited for his knock to be answered and said softly: 

"I still like girls you know Les, ha-ha."

He shot me a quick look and said:

"I see the cap is starting to work. Don't worry John, there will be plenty of women inside; just remember it's rude to turn anyone down."

I now thought I had cracked the mystery of "the club" and when the door was opened by a woman in some kind of sexual playsuit: stockings, suspender belt, leather corset I felt my assumptions were confirmed, and so in we went.

   3.

The evening started slowly, everyone went to a bar along the side wall and got a drink, which was paid for at normal pub prices, and the people who were already there stood around making chit-chat. I found out later that the woman who had let us in was more or less paid by the club to act as an usher, in costume, to set the mood for the evening; she was a member and took part in all of the evenings activities, but she did the work to make a little extra money. Most of the guests looked and were dressed like ordinary people off the street; which is what they actually were. I found that out after exchanging greetings with a few people standing near the bar, however our conversations tended to be cut short when John introduced me to them as someone on his first visit.

Eventually one of the men went up to a small raised platform at one end of the clubroom and announced that all the members were inside and the outer (bomb-proof) door was about to be locked. This was done and, to my surprise, I was ushered to the dais to be welcomed on behalf of the club committee. I had a feeling this was done to introduce me as a new member who had no idea of what was to happen next.

I asked Les if I was expected to pay any club dues, as it was obvious that serious money had been spent on renovating the bomb shelter.

"Not tonight John but if you want to come back then yes. By the way I am almost sure you will want to come back."

After another couple of drinks my blood was racing and I was getting very horny. I wasn't sure of the etiquette of the club, so I waited until someone made a move. I had seen Les disappear into a side-room with two middle-aged women who looked like sisters, respectable librarian types in my view, and was sure I had the club figured out.

I soon found myself in conversation with a thirtyish dyed blonde in a very appealing mini-dress that accentuated her perfect bust and legs. We chit-chatted for a while and then she leaned in a little closer: "Look I know you're a new member, that isn't important, I have been watching you for a while and you appeal to me; let's go and have some fun, we will be finished in time, I promise." 

I was more than willing to go with her, the capsule and the drinks I had had, and the fact that I hadn't had sex for a long time all combined to make her seem like a kind of sex-goddess in my eyes. We went into one of the nicely appointed side rooms and Elaine took off her dress just inside the doorway. She was naked underneath and I immediately got a huge erection. I had no way of knowing how much of it was chemical assistance or natural appeal. 

She lay down on the double bed (one in each room) and we worked on each other with our tongues. The capsule seemed to enhance sex wonderfully, and we were soon copulating on a plateau of pleasure, which I certainly hadn't felt for a very long time.

We screwed in every different position I had ever thought of and a couple I hadn't before, until Elaine dug her nails into my backside and clamped her thighs on my legs so hard I knew she was coming If there were any doubt in my mind her long moan of pleasure removed it and I also climaxed shortly afterwards, grinding my pelvis into hers with animal grunts which she echoed. 

We rolled away from each other a little to get our breath back. Elaine was the first to speak: 

"That was great John, really great. I hope we can do it again some time, you're a nice guy". She gave me a really wicked grin at that point and I wondered what was going on in her mind; she seemed to read my thoughts and just said: "Oh, you'll understand in a half-hour or so John".

   4.

Shortly afterwards, when we had got dressed again and were chatting on the edge of the bed, a loud bell rang in the main club-room and Elaine said we had to go back in for a while. When we went in I saw that we were practically the last ones there and everyone had gathered around a table in the middle of the room on which there were enough glasses of champagne for each and every person present; people were clustering around to pick up a glass each and soon we had got ours.

A man got up on the dais and looked around the room before he said: "ladies and gentlemen, fellow club members, can anyone see a person in the room without a glass? And is every glass full?"

To my surprise quite a few people looked around suspiciously at his or her neighbour to check that they had a glass of champagne.

The man on the dais continued:

"Being as I have taken over the duties of MC after our last MC had to leave quite suddenly it is now my pleasant task to propose the club toast: cheers! May every day be lived as if it were the last!" 

With that he skulled his whole glass down in one and threw the empty glass into the corner.

Soon all the other members had also swallowed their drinks in a manner disrespectful to fine wine and smashed their glasses in the same corner. Elaine and I intertwined our arms and did the same, just as in a movie cliché.

Elaine then threw her arms around my shoulders and planted a kiss on my lips and said: 

"Okay John, I am going to move on now, see you next time perhaps".

I was sure this was the normal club behaviour so I went back to the bar to perhaps see what Les was up to. I wasn't to wait long because Les then appeared with one of the two librarian sisters, who subsequently turned out to be unrelated nurses at the local hospital . 

"How are you doing John? I see you met Elaine. This is Barbara by the way; she is on her fifth visit".

I said hi to Barbara, who seemed to be having a great time and was very attractive in a French "certain age" kind of way, and asked Les if the club was for anything else but wild sex. "Les exchanged a look with Barbara and replied:

"All in good time John. In the meantime why don't you come back in that room with Babs and me? We want a threesome if you're up for it."

Ordinarily I wouldn't have been up for it but tonight, with one thing and another I thought I would give it a try.

"We will have to make it a quickie John as we all must be back in here in 20 minutes."

I assumed that there would be another toast in 20 minutes and said no problem. With the aphrodisiac capsule still working its chemical magic on me I was quite ready and wouldn't need too much in the way of foreplay.

Barbara took charge of us in the side-room and told us what she wanted. It was a new experience for me being told where to insert, what to suck etc. but it was a lot of fun in its own way. We all came together in a big heap on the bed and it turned into a bit of a free for all. I was certainly going to be a little embarrassed the next time I ran into Les, that was for sure.

Sure enough the bell sounded again shortly after we finished and back to the main room we went.

   5. 

The MC was up in his usual spot again, but this time there was no table set out with drinks, just all the club members standing around somewhat nervously. In place of the table there was a large clock-face; the sort that used to be used on TV game shows. It was marked for just 25 minutes and the final 5 minutes had been coloured red; like a pie-chart.

Barbara came and stood in between Les and me, I could see she was in a state of high excitement, which seemed to be getting even more intense. She reached down the front of Les and me and started rubbing our cocks through our trousers. Even though we had orgasmed a few minutes earlier, I for one was still reacting and was soon highly erect again. That was certainly a powerful capsule.

Normally you would think this sort of thing would have attracted a glance from people nearby, but as I looked around I could see women fellating men, men going down on women and a great deal of casual masturbation as all eyes looked fixedly on the clock face as the hand inexorably entered the red zone.

By now Barbara was down on her knees, having freed both les' and my erect members from our trousers and was alternately sucking and pumping us, at the same time her eyes never left the clock. I must have been the only one the slightest bit interested in anything BUT the clock in fact because I was the only person who immediately noticed a person, standing over near the bar, suddenly do a slow spinning fall to the floor; his head making a sickening thud as it landed.

"Hey over there!" I shouted, "Is that man alright?" Barbara looked up at me and with a wicked smile said: "No, John, he isn't but we all fucking are! ha-ha."  This joke seemed to set the whole room laughing and the sense of relief in the air was palpable. The sexual activity in the room reached an almost frantic height as people rushed towards orgasms with huge grins on their lips and relief in their eyes. Les and I were finished off in no time by Barbara who was getting quite hysterical and was in danger of hurting both of us with her teeth. 

"What the hell just happened then Les?" I cornered my friend in the bathroom as we were cleaning up. 

"Simple old son, we all come down here, have a little rumpy-pumpy; most of us drink a glass of champagne at half time, one of us drinks a glass of champagne with a dose of tasteless poison in it; poison that inevitably kills instantly from 20 to 25 minutes after taking it. You see? The person who adds the poison to one of the glasses, the MC, has no way of knowing which glass it will be. Two people come along and rearrange the glasses, one after each other, and they aren't allowed to talk or communicate in any way the three of them. You see it's all quite random, just bad luck if it happens to be you that get it, like it was the MC that got it last month, poor old Charles. So then there is a disused well shaft with a couple of tons of quicklime in the bottom of it out the back of the club-room, the unlucky one goes down the hole and there we are until next month; with one more missing person report filed along with all the other thousands."

I was flabbergasted. I didn't know whether to laugh or beat my friend's silly head in; just one thing made me unsure: the fact that, at that moment, I felt more alive than I had for 20 years.