 A set of headlights turn and pull into a nearby vacant lot, stopping near one of the overhead lights to reveal a dark sedan. It's driver's side opens to reveal a man looking to be in his mid thirties wearing a grey suit, taking a long drag from a cigar before tossing it onto the ground. Stepping over it and making his way towards the building in front of him, looking rather run down with it's sign flickering on and off at times. The neon sign once beautiful and faded still displayed the words "Serpent's Lair."

He couldn't help but notice that there were only two cars parked outside, a few more around back where the employees had parked. Rubbing his eyes and cursing under his breath before approaching the club, the lights outside making something glimmer on his tie. A small gold pin in the shape of a serpent, he reaches up to adjust it as one of the door guards steps out to meet him. The young man steps outside wearing a dark shirt and dress pants, a similar pin on his shirt near his security id. After a moment he recognizes his boss, offering a slight smile and welcoming him. "Mr. DeVarios, welcome sir."

He looks at the guard before grumbling back at him "spare the formalities and open the fucking door, Nick"

Nick just looks down, opening the double doors for his employer without another word. Watching the older man step inside before closing the doors behind him, waiting until he was inside before Nick mumbles back to him. "Yea, fuck you too Carl."

Carl walks inside, feeling more irritated by the minute at seeing the condition of the club. The entry way had a pair of dusty plants and a painting of some beautiful red-head naked with a large snake slithering across her body. He takes a moment to admire the painting before looking out into the main room, noticing a sultry red head named Candice serving drinks at the bar to some local guy he recognized from being on tv. He couldn't remember the story, just something about the man's family being attacked. Also the guy's daughter had gone missing and the man claimed his neighbor was some kind of monster.

"Well, I see the weirdos still come out at night."

Still standing in the doorway, Carl looks over to see a single girl performing on the stage. Knowing it had to be Tiffany who had always been one of his favorites, watching her perform for a single man who was sitting next to the stage. Smiling down at him, making sure the man could see the serpent tatoo on her inner thigh that matches the ones the rest of the girls have. The same exact marking as the pin on their boss' tie, but thats not what had the patron's attention. Rather it was the smooth skin covering those legs and leading up towards Tiffany's thighs as she sits down on the edge of the stage.

"Thats my girl" Carl mutters to himself before a hand gently touches his jacket, causing him to turn and see a barely 21ish brunette named Heather smiling back at him.

"Welcome to Serpents, I'm... oh, I didn't know it was you sir. Can I get you any th-"

A sudden and hard slap silences Heather's voice as she stumbles back away from her boss, instantly covering the side of her face while tears fill her eyes."

"Serpent's LAIR.. LAIR you stupid fucking bitch!"

Between the sound of him slapping Heather and Carl's angry yelling, the man at the bar stopped drinking to see what happened. Even Tiffany paused for a moment and the one man watching her performance looks back to see what happened. Feeling everyone's eyes on her, Heather slips past her boss to grab her keyes from the table and runs out the main entance. Walking past Nick and walking around the side of the club towards the back, trying to get her car keys before noticing a new vehicle parked next to hers. It looked out of place, it was a black sports car that she could only assume was one that belonged to her boss.

Slowly taking her hand off her face and noticing her reflection in the glass of this other car, her anger pushing reasoning aside as she growls to herself. "You like snakes you motherfucker?" A slight smile comes across Heather's lips, feeling her tears drying as she places the tip of her keys against the smooth black paint covering the car. Feeling it cut and scratch as she keys the sports car, turning her hand to cut letters into it's side. She only gets half way through the word "serpent" before feeling a hand grab her wrist, easily pulling it away from the car.

Expecting it to either be Nick or Carl stopping her, she turns around only to be pushed back against the car. Surprise washing over her face as Heather is now face to face with an angry woman she had never met. A tall and athletic looking blonde who still had her wrist in a painful grip, restraining her with one hand while placing another against the car. Careful to make sure Heather couldn't slip away, taking a step closer so the stripper could get a better look at her captor. Noticing a jungle type necklace around her neck, and a black dress hugging her toned form. Thinking this was probably just one of the boss' whores who was waiting for him near the car, Heather tries to tell her off.

Just as the stripper is about to say something, a low lion-like growl rumbles within this woman as her eyes take on a reddish tint. Her dark lips peel back to reveal a set of upper and lower fangs before Heather decides to remain quiet.

"There a reason you decided to key my fucking car, or is this what you usually do when taking your breaks?"

"You can tell Carl I don't have to put up with his bullshit anymore, or yours. Nice contacts and fake fangs by the way, but the vampire themed clubs are a few towns over."

The woman laughs, flicking her wrist a little and forcing Heather to drop the keys on the ground. "Oh, I'm not a vampire... I never understood their drama. I'm immortal, I can do whatever I fucking want, oh god I'm so depressed."

Heather could only watch as this woman actually lets go and steps back from her, shaking her head a little before asking "who are you?"

Hearing this, the woman turns away from Heather and looks across the vacant parking lot. Smiling to herself and licking her fangs, a low purr rumbling within her before allowing her feline tail to drop down from under the back of her dress. Making sure the young woman could see it moving on it's own before turning around to face her, patches of soft fur starting to emerge from the woman's skin. "I... am The Rak-Sasha."

Inside the club, in the office upstairs a tiny wisp of smoke drifts infront of the large window near the walkway that overlooks the main room. Carl leans back in his chair, taking another long drag off another cigar as he shakes his head. The desk infront of him covered in papers, past due notes and collection notices. He had known the club had been losing money for a long time, now it was threatening to end the whole operation. Nervously running his fingers through his hair and pushing some of the papers onto the floor, asking himself in a desperate voice "how am I gonna get these greedy bastards to leave me alone?"

"Have you tried slapping them or yelling at them, like you did that little slut who ran out crying?"

The sound of a woman's voice he had never heard before startles the seasoned club owner, sitting up from behind his chair and looking towards the door to his office. Quickly putting his cigar down while his other hand reaches down into his desk, palming a handgun he kept in case of any uninvited guests. Carl could see the outline of this woman standing in the doorway before she steps inside, closing the door behind her and allowing the man to see this sultry blonde in her black dress.

"Who the fuck are you?"

"Someone who can help you..."

Carl laughs and waves for her to leave, taking his hand off the weapon and picking up his cigar. "Listen bitch, if I want my dick sucked I got girls for that. I want my place cleaned or my car washed, I got someone for that too. So what can you possibly help me with, well.. besides giving me something to think about the next time I'm drilling Tiffany downstairs?"

Listening to the man brag of the women he uses for his own satsifaction, of the help he has for whatever he needs done. She didn't seem to pay him much attention as she walks across the office, turning on a light switch to reveal a demonic looking woman made of stone. Despite the material, it was rather detailed and could be recognized as an image of the ancient demon known as Lilith. The woman couldn't help but smile and reach up, gently touching the side of the statue's face before allowing her hand to drift down towards those supple breasts.

"Then tell me something Carl, have you ever felt the caress of a forked tongue gliding across your throbbing manhood?"

"What, no... I haven't miss?"

"...Rak-Sasha"

"Lovely name, rather exotic... I could use a girl like you."

Sasha smiles a little, walking up to Carl's desk before sitting down on the edge of it. Allowing this man to finally get a good look at her, knowing he could see her toned muscles and tight dress. Reaching over with one hand, he could see that her nails were thick and looked more like claws. Carl couldn't ignore the savage beauty, the natural animal magnetism this woman seemed to possess. Feeling his own arousal becoming evident from the tightness in his pants, he leans back in his chair to wait for this woman's answer to his offer.

"So tell me Carl, how would you use a girl like me? Would you have me drive you around, or would I get to be the one who makes your coffee and gets your meals?"

A slight smile comes across his lips, his hungry eyes traveling along her legs and up to that black dress. Reaching over with one hand to caress her inner thigh as he answers, feeling her muscles tense underneath his fingers. Gently pushing her dress, making it ride up before she reaches down to stop him. Turning and feeling Carl's lips brush against her own as the two almost kiss, he could feel Sasha pull back teasingly and look into his eyes.

"That little cunt that ran out of here, good riddance. I need a strong woman to work here, one that isn't afraid of me."

"I'm not afraid of you..."

Without another word, the two stumble back onto Carl's desk as he desperately locks his lips to Sasha's. He begins to grunt and moan a little, feeling her clawed hands reaching down between them to quickly undo his pants and belt. Sasha could only moan at the feel of Carl's painfully erect shaft pressing against his underwear, grinding back against him before she releases it of it's cloth prison. The warmth of his precum smearing onto Sasha's skin while he pushes her dress up, feeling nothing underneath and bringing the tip of his shaft to tease her delicate folds.

Sasha suddenly tangles her claws in his jacket, tearing into it as she raises her hips, Feeling the head of his cock slip inside her, baring her fangs and closing her eyes tightly before letting out a deep inhuman growl. The beastly sound catching Carl off guard as he almost starts to pull back, Sasha's eyes open to reveal they were now pure red. Smiling up at him and showing off her upper and lower fangs, speaking in a lustful voice laced with the growl of an animal "mmm...Carl... mmmmhhh.h...rrrrrr... rrrrrrrhhh! Yesss... fuck me, Carl!"

Carl couldn't resist thrusting harder, sheathing the full length of his manhood within this lustful creature. Not even thinking about the growling sounds she was making, or her red eyes or even the feline tail brushing against his leg. That last thought forcing him to rethink things, forcing his eyes to look back to see what looked like a lion's tail coming from underneath Sasha's dress. It seemed to move in time with their thrusts, and when she would tense up it would flick or twitch a little.

Eventually placing his hands on her breasts as he peels the top of her dress down, toying with her nipples and pulling a few more vicious snarls form this feral woman. This seemed to go on for some time, already Carl could feel himself growing closer to a release. Sensing this, he tries to pull back only for Sasha to cling to him. Refusing to allow him to pull out and either cum on her or force her to swallow his seed, instead she smiles up at him and nods. Gasping out her words between thrusts, biting back a growl and licking her dark lips.

"Do it Carl, cum in me... I need it, please..." Sasha moans, digging her claws into Carl's back while her heels slip off her feet to allow her toe talons to dig into his legs.

Unable to deny how good it felt inside this woman, hearing that she wanted it and just shrugging it off that she had either been fixed or was on the pill. Carl had only a microsecond to consider it before allowing himself to explode within her, the warmth of his seed erupting inside Sasha's body as she clings to him. He could feel her tense up before a wash of warm slimy fluid soakes his aching member, Sasha's own orgasm rips through her body. Forcing her to draw a sharp breath and to close her eyes tightly, feeling his manhood pouring his essence into her as she lets out a ferocious roar of pleasure. A roar so intense the club itself seems to shake, the beastly sound from upstairs scaring what few patrons that were inside. Even the waitresses and strippers made their escape, leaving the club while also hearing their boss screaming from upstairs. 

With the club now abandoned, the roaring from upstairs softens to a low and satisfied growl as Sasha casually pushes Carl's body off of her. Allowing it to fall onto the floor nearby, laying there and catching her breath before a paw-like hand covered in soft fur reaches over to grab the still burning cigar. Bringing it over to Sasha's feline muzzle as she lays her horned head back on the desk, taking a long inhale from the cigar. Looking over at the man laying on the floor, noticing that he was still breathing. A little impressed with the human being able to survive mating with her, already she could see Carl beginning to recover. Offering a slight smile and watching him fall asleep, the changes taking place inside him draining what remained of his strength.

The warmth of this mortal's seed could still be felt tickling her insides as she smiles to herself, reaching down to tease her cum-soaked slit with a single talon. Biting her lower lip and purring softly, slowly fucking herself with one finger and then two. Her breathing quickens before feeling something firm pressing against her fingertips, as she touches it she felt an intense pleasure coarse through her body. A few thick drops of cum leak out from her well fucked pussy, feeling something pushing out as she sits up a little. Looking down to see something dark sliding up from between her legs, gasping a breath before touching it again.

The leathery pads on her palms touching the ebony flesh and stroking it slowly, making her cum again from the sensation. A thick ribbon of seed shoots up into the air before landing on her stomach and chest, closing her eyes for a moment until the pleasure subsided enough to look again. Still stroking her new cock before feeling a few bumps forming on it, not remembering them as she narrows her eyes a little. Watching the bumps suddenly split open, a few tiny holes forming near it's tip while the opening reshapes into what resembled a serpent's head. A mouth forming as Sasha begins to purr, stroking her transforming shaft until she actually heard a hiss coming from it.

Slowly running her forked tongue across her dark lips, at the same time the serpent's mouth opens to reveal it's venomous fangs. Looking down to see the drool stretching between it's upper and lower jaws, then looking over to Carl to see the bite marks on his manhood. Sasha couldn't help but growl softly, still stroking her cock as if it were a new pet. Feeling it starting to lick the cum from her hand in return, turning her head to look back towards the office door. Noticing a vaguely female form standing in the doorway, hearing the sound of hooves hitting the floor as this person comes closer. The reflection in the office window revealing a shemale goat demon approaching Sasha as she sits up from the desk. Turning to face this ancient and more powerful beast, welcoming her with a lustful purr while hungrily staring at the shemale demon's impressive erection.

"Baphomet."