 From within a rather expensive apartment complex, the sound of a man's voice shouting in anger could be heard from outside the building. A string of profanity and some loud banging sounds catching the attention of a woman who pulls into the parking lot, looking up at the building before hearing a loud bang. Picking up her bag of groceries and shaking her head, knowing what apartment the noise likely came from.

Inside one of the apartments a cell phone breaks against the wall, it's pieces landing on the floor as a man walks away. Grabbing his car keys and walking out the front door, slamming it shut behind him. Cursing to himself while making his way down the walkway to the parking lot in front of his apartment complex. Wearing a brown leather jacket and jeans he walks to his car, a woman nearby waves at him but he ignores her. The woman asks "hey Wes, how are you and Amanda doing?"

Wes doesn't answer at first, so angry he has a little trouble getting the car to unlock before shouting across the parking lot. "Like you don't fucking know, dumb bitch!"

A look of anger and confusion could be seen on her face while he gets into the car and slams the door, quickly starting the car to rev the engine. Rolling the window down a little to toss out his engagement ring he had just recently purchased, hearing it hit the ground before burning rubber as he drives off the lot. The street lights offering a warmth to the night as he drives through the city, sticking mostly to the outskirts and noticing a strange shop.

His lights revealing the dark and obviously closed building with the name 'Lilith's Erotic Emporium' on it. A slight smile coming across his lips for a moment, recognizing the name and just wondering what a store with that name could offer. Disappointed that it was closed he decides to keep driving, along the way making sure he had thrown out all of Amanda's belongings from the car. Gripping the wheel roughly as he continues to drive, even pulling out a pack of cigarettes he had hidden from his former girlfriend. Deciding things are different now as he lights one, savoring the sweet flavored menthol smoke before something catches his eye.

A neon sign on a building he knew was once a rather run down strip club, now it seemed to be doing much better. The often vacant parking lot had several expensive vehicles there, there was even a line at the entrance of people waiting to go inside. The new name was what really caught his attention as he slows down to get a better look, "Safari" he says to himself while reading the sign. The name alone conjuring images of beautiful naked women in a steamy jungle setting, feeling it enough reason he turns to drive up to the club.

Finding a place to park and shutting off the car, suddenly hearing Amanda's voice in his head "what the fuck are you doing, a strip club Wes... seriously?

"Seriously, we're going steady for months then you dump me with a text message."

Shaking his head a little, realizing he was arguing with himself before getting out of the car. The cool night air helping to clear his mind of the woman he thought he could spend the rest of his life with. Walking across the parking lot as he approaches the club, seeing all the people in line waiting to enter. At that moment he gets a good look at one of the guards standing near the entrance, seeing a strange look in their eyes that made him uncomfortable.

The guard stood there wearing a black shirt and black jeans, boots and finger-less gloves. Obviously male as the guard's shirt was stretched tight over toned muscles, the boots and gloves were different. The boots themselves had the ends modified to show what looked like talons slicing through them, even one sticking out of the back above the heel. The finger-less gloves being worn to allow similar looking claws to be free as the guard reaches over to push someone back.

For a moment he almost reconsiders before stepping forward, bypassing the line and taking out a couple hundred dollars. Wes had money, that was never a problem but women seemed to just want to use his bank account and take no interest in him or his needs. At first the guard turns toward him, a beastly growl slips past his lips as he shows a hint of fang before grabbing the money from Wes' hand. Offering a slight nod as the other guard opens the doors for him, allowing him inside to the disapproval of the people waiting in line.

With a slight smile, he looks to the guard opening the doors. Noticing the firm breasts and tied back hair of this rather powerful looking woman as he walks past, for a moment wondering why she wasn't working inside with a body like that. It was as if she could hear his thoughts as she turns to look at him, her eyes showing a shade of gold in them as she actually snarls like an animal. Her facial features briefly shifting to a more wolfish appearance before changing back, pushing Wes through the double doors before slamming them shut.

"..Bitch"

"She is, actually... welcome to Safari. I'm Kaja, please... follow me"

He walks forward into the dark after hearing that voice, the air seemed moist and almost like that of a deense forest or jungle. Following the sound of a distant beat thumping loudly as he feels something brushing against him, what felt like plants or vines hanging from the ceiling. Pushing them apart as he enters the main room of the club, from outside it didn't look as big as it appeared to be. Inside the building was a living and breathing jungle, with what seemed to be real trees growing there.

His eyes wandering across the room to see the numerous tables and chairs, as well as a few stripper poles and even what looked like cages with strippers inside them. A clawed hand reaches up to touch his shoulder, turning him around to reveal a beautiful redhead wearing only a few rags of clothing. Seeing the full tribal outfit, complete with claw necklace as he nods slightly.

His mind racing with what he had just witnessed outside but before he could ask anything, she turns to lead him into the club. Making her way through the main hall and walking between the numerous tables, even pointing out the bar to him. Inwardly cursing himself for never having the courage to come to this place until now. The descriptions given to him by others who had visited the club some time back were very different than the one he was standing in the middle of.

"This is our main room, we have a full bar with shit beyond top shelf... go easy on it. The main stage of course, live shows every night and special performances on occasion."

"I knew someone who went here once, they didn't say it was anything like this."

"Nor would they, the existing club experienced a change in ownership. We run things a little differently, and people seem ok with it"

"And who is "we" I never heard about anyone buying the place?"

Kaja suddenly stops, Wes couldn't help but notice a brief shiver travel through her as it runs along her spine. At the same time, he could see what looked like tiger-stripes fading through her skin before the disappear. A low growl rumbles within her before the woman shakes her head, regaining her composure as she points to the upstairs walkway and doors. Wes looks to where she is pointing to see a blonde woman in a black dress standing on the walkway. Smoking a cigarette and casually sipping her drink before the tigress answers him.

"Rak-Sasha, she is the owner and operator of this club and others."

"Yes, we have one here... one in New York, Los Angeles and one soon to open in Vegas"

Wes couldn't help but feel an instant attraction to this strange woman, even turning to walk up the steps before feeling Kaja suddenly grab his arm with inhuman strength. Speaking in a threatening growl as Wes turns to look at her, seeing a predatory glare in her eyes.

"Paws off, kitten... my family has the money to buy, shut, and burn this fucking place down a dozen times over. So unless you wish to see that happen, I suggest you let go of my arm and let me talk to your boss... alone"

Kaja looks at him for a moment, growling softly like an animal before looking past him at Sasha. Seeing a slight nod before Sasha motions for the man to be released and allowed to come upstairs. Kaja reluctantly lets go of his arm, admiring that he showed no fear to her that obviously seemed to turn her on. Hearing her growl becoming a lustful purr as she steps back from him, licking her lips to reveal her feline looking fangs.

Walking away from Kaja, Wes couldn't believe what he had just done. He had never been one to threaten others, or to throw his families wealth and reputation around. Making his way up the stairs as he replays the whole confrontation back in his head, astonished that he managed to walk into a club he had never visited, and within minutes he was set to meet the owner privately. Looking to the top of the stairs to see this blonde woman smiling back at him, sipping the last of her drink before placing it on the railing nearby.

"Rak-Sasha?"

She nods slightly, walking up to him and allowing him to get a better look at her. Noticing the intensity in her eyes and the confidence in her walk as he stands there, he could see now that she was taller than him. Sasha answers back with a sensual tone, a distinct rumble could be heard in her undertones not unlike the growl of a beast.

"Wesley DeVarios"

"How do you know my name?"

"Lets just say I know your father, inside and out..."

Wes felt a little uneasy with the way she said that but decides to take another step closer, fighting back his hesitation as he actually slips an arm around Sasha's waist and tilts his head back. Bringing his lips to hers to steal a brief kiss, at first he could feel her almost pull away before deciding to go along with it. Bringing her hips against his own, allowing Wes to feel something firm pressed against him from under her dress.

What starts out as a soft and teasing kiss quickly grows more passionate, Sasha's moans becoming deep growls before pulling away from the kiss with a snarl. Roughly shoving Wes back through the double doors and into Sasha's private apartment above the club. In an instant, Wes suddenly found himself laying on a smooth marbled floor and looking over at a demonic stone figure. A winged demonic goat-like shemale beast, seeing the horrible shape as he sits up and pushes himself away from it.

Sliding across the floor until he hits Sasha's high heeled foot, looking up to see a lustful smile coming across her dark lips while Wes gets to his feet. Stepping back from her as she slowly approaches the statue, introducing it to her guest. Placing a clawed hand on the statue's shoulder, idly moving down to caress it's breasts while she explains.

"Wesley... meet Baphomet, your father had a great appreciation for her."

"My mother divorced him because of his... 'appreciation' for that fucking animal. Where is he anyway, I know he's around."

"Oh he's around... a little bit here and there, actually."

Hearing this, Wes looks across the apartment to see a few paintings of some demonic shemale feline beast, a few of that goat demon, even a small black dragon statue. Among the strange demonic decor of the apartment, he began noticing pieces of meat and bone laying around on the floor. Large pieces that looked like they could have been human, one catching his eye as the light reflects off what appears to be a large ring. Taking a few steps closer to get a better look, Wes recognizes his father's ring on the skeletal remains.

"What the fuck have you-"

A sudden lion-like roar echos across the apartment as Sasha crashes into Wes, knocking him back as the two pass through a set of doors and land on a large bed. Silencing whatever he was going to say with a rough and passionate kiss, her claw-like nails digging into his jacket before actually tearing it away from him. Tossing it aside while straddling his hips, reaching up with one hand to tear open the top of her dress. Exposing her breasts for him as she lets out a ferocious snarl, easily pinning him to the bed as he tries to ask what was going on.

"You didn't come here looking for your father, Wes... you came because some stupid little slut got tired of your dick and found another one to play with. Being a friend of the family, I could make this other guy go away if you really want that worthless whore back."

Wes struggles for a moment, finding Sasha to be inhumanly strong as she pins him against the bed. Hearing a reminder of what really brought him to the club, but still unsure as to how she knew about any of this. Then understanding his father's unhealthy obsession with Baphomet, he considers may ball this demonology bullshit had some truth to it after all.

"I don't fucking care anymore, I... wha... whats that?"

Sasha purrs softly, continuing to grind her hips against him as he could definitely feel something pressed against the bulge in his jeans. Trying to sit up a little and look down, even as Sasha still holds him down against the bed and kisses him softly.

"Something I know you've always wanted but never had the balls to tell Amanda"

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

With that, Sasha reaches over to grab his hand and slide it along her inner thigh. Moving further up until he could feel the warm throbbing shaft pressing against her dress, his fingertips becoming moist and slimy from the precum oozing from her shaft. Rather than pulling his hand away, he instead begins to stroke her cock. Hearing a low purr coming from this beastly woman as she rests on top of him.

Somehow she knew his darkest fantasies, having never imagined he would get to experience them in real life. Yet now he had some strange woman on top of him, a beautiful and seductive shemale who seemed more than interested in fucking him. A wave of disappointment washes over him as Sasha reaches down, pushing his hand away before tearing open her dress. Ripping it from bottom to top before tossing it aside, revealing her lean athletic frame. Her firm breasts, toned abs, sensual curves... a thick cock as it smears it's warm pre across his jeans.

"You know Amanda could never satisfy you, not like I can."

Biting his lower lip as he looks up at this woman, seeing the red beginning to seep into her eyes. Knowing he had thought about this fantasy countless times and now he could experience it, only to feel indecisive about how to begin. Wes could feel this creature's sharp claws cutting and slicing the clothes away from his body, laying on the large bed as he was carefully disrobed. Looking up as Sasha crawls up on top of him on all fours, leaning down to catch his lips in a another passionate kiss.

He could hear her actually purring, bringing her hips to his and allowing their cocks to rub sensually together. Swapping precum between them before pulling back slightly, reaching back with one hand. Cupping his firm cheeks and helping guide him to raise his ass slightly, bringing the tip of her erection to press against his tight hole. A moan slips past his lips, knowing what was about to happen as he nods a little. His hands scratching at Sasha's shoulders as she eases herself into him, taking care not to hurt him with it being his first time.

She couldn't help but shiver at the feel of his virgin ass clenching around her throbbing member, easing herself in inch by inch. Hearing the lust in Wes' voice as he moans softly, feeling the warmth of this creature inside him and a fullness he had never experienced. After several minutes, her hips come to rest against him as she just holds the full length of her cock inside him. The two so intimately connected as Wes looks up into Sasha's eyes, for an instant he didn't see some blonde woman staring back at him.

"Do you still want her Wes, or do you want me?"

Instead he was looking into the pure red eyes of some demonic feline beast, a lion-like head and mane. A humanoid body covered in soft fur and a sexy feline tail swaying back and fourth behind her, Wes blinks a few times as this vision fades. Pushing himself up to sit up and whisper into Sasha's ear, submitting to a desire that ultimately cost him his relationship.

"I want you, Sasha... you beautiful fucking animal, I want you to cum inside me"

Sasha could hear the lust in these words, she had often seduced and corrupted both men and women. Rarely did she see such willingness in a mortal male without some kind of possession or manipulation, hearing this only seemed to fuel her insatiable desire as she pulls back. Feeling Wes' insides gripping at her cock to keep her in, only to slide back in with a forceful thrust. A deep growl escapes her dark lips, feeling Wes tense up beneath her as the two begin to have sex.

Wes hooks his legs around Sasha's thighs, squeezing and drawing her in deeper. Her moans and growls filling the room as the two continue to move against one another, She pulls back teasingly, allowing her cock to slip free of his ass. Hearing him groan with disappointment before that noise becomes one of satisfaction, feeling Sasha's warm lips and agile tongue gliding over the tip of his manhood. 

Hearing this woman actually purring, Wes looks down to see the feline ears poking up through her blonde hair. Watching it grow out into a full mane like that of a lion, even seeing what looked like the tail he had seen earlier now growing out from the base of her spine. Along her back, soft fur was starting to grow out before feeling a warm sensation traveling through his body. Surging within him and racing down the length of his shaft before it erupts into the feline demon's mouth.

Hungrily wrapping her dark lips around the base of his cock, lapping at his balls with her now forked tongue. Savoring the taste of his seed oozing down her throat as she swallows most of it, reluctantly pulling her lips from his cock with a wet popping sound. Sasha crawls up ontop of her mortal lover once more, purring softly and leaning down to kiss him. As she opens her mouth, some of his own seed drips down onto his lips. The two begin to kiss passioantely, sharing with him some of his own seed in the utterly sinful kiss.

His erection throbbing with renewed lust as she pulls back from the kiss, looking into his eyes to see a red glow filling them. Holding Wes' head in her hands as she licks some of his cum from his face, growling softly before shoving him away from her. Watching him tumble off the bed and land on the floor nearby, looking over at Wes as she snarls angrily. Wanting nothing to do with him until he sheds his mortal skin, instead she turns towards the entrance and lets out a brief roar.

Almost instantly the doors swing open to reveal Kaja standing there, Wes could see this woman he had met earlier walking into the apartment. Her body shifting at she walks, becoming what appeared to be a humanoid tigress while approaching Sasha's bed. The two purring to one another as Kaja crawls up onto the bed, quicky pounced on by Sasha as they share a rough and animalistic kiss.

Wasting no time, Sasha cuts through Kaja's jungle outfit and leaving the beautiful tigress naked beneath her. She looks over at Wes, watching him attempting to fight against the feral nature awakened within him. Smiling as he grips his hand, feeling the pleasurable sensation, the new strength running through it as he grows claws from his fingertips. Kaja looks over to see his ongoing transformation, curious as to what form of beast he would become. These thoughts are quickly forgotten as she feels Sasha's inhuman member pressed against her delicate folds.

Leaning up and arching her back as Sasha easily slips inside the lustful tigress, Wes could hear Kaja actually roar at the sensation of this powerful demoness fucking her once more. Wrapping her legs around Sasha's waist and pulling her in deeper, Sasha thrusts harder as the two continue to mate. Kaja's breasts shake with the force of each thrust, eventually turning over with Sasha so she could be on top. Moving her hips in small circles, grinding down onto that throbbing cock as she runs her claws through Sasha's fur.
