 She stumbled, hand over knees, blindly in whatever direction she could think to go in first, coughing as fluid still seeped out of her throat. Her knees were still weak as she tried desperately to get away. Somewhere behind her, she could hear the shouts and calls of the men behind her, trying to find her through the brush. They were getting closer. Each barely contained wretching breath she took threatened to reveal where she was if she was not careful. 

Another cough and splutter escaped her again as she expelled still more fluid from her body. She could feel her sticky, damp legs dripping as her ass and pussy did the same. Her exhausted legs gave way again as she crawled haphazardly, and she fell gasping to the ground. "No," She told herself desperately, "I can't let them catch me! I've got to get out of here!" With barely renewed effort, she scrambled back up and continued to crawl away as fast as her tired limbs could take her. Some of the men behind, and even a few women, called out to her in horrifyingly soothing voices, among the loud demanding roars and screams. 

"Come out, little girl. We don't want to hurt you..." Some of them would say, but she knew that it was bullshit. Her body was still tense and leaking from what they did to her, still aching from the endless torture. Her pussy and ass continued to leak with all of the fluid that had been pumped forcibly into her petite body. 

A few of the faster ones started to catch up to her, and she slowed her movement so as not to risk them seeing the shuffle of the grass. Thankfully, it was only one man who made his way this far, and his face was contorted in relentless search rather than shouting. She thought that he would be like the other idiots and simply pass over her, which was hope against hope at this point. She turned off away from him, barely able to see passed the tall grass, but her even further blurred eyes could still see that there was a downhill slope somewhere up ahead where she could gain distance by rolling down. She pushed her burning body to move faster, her breathing becoming heavier as she struggled along with barely half her strength. Finally, she came upon the hill and plunged down. 

The tall, damp grass snagged at her body and pulled at her arms painfully, but she reached the bottom with a moment to catch her breath before a shout came from above that sent chills down her spine. 

"I have tracks! She crawled this way!" Her large breasts still heaved while she gasped. If they had tracks, than she had little choice but to keep moving. It would be harder for them to locate where she went after her little tumble, but only if she pushed herself away now. Sweat made her pink-dyed hair cling to her face as she forced herself to keep moving, running swiftly out of adrenaline while she shuffled through the grass. Several more men and women shouted as they ran toward her general direction, they would be on her soon. Knowing that her life as she knew it depended on her next actions, she made herself crawl still faster, knowing that her harsh breathing and the shaking of the grass would soon be difficult to hear passed the swarms. 

She grunted and crawled, still too weak or scared to think of standing yet. A number of men started to pass by her, barely missing her exposed, mud-covered body through their aimless searching. In her delirious state of wild fleeing, all she could do was be thankful that these people were trained to find the lost, not the escaped. 

Panting and crawling, she eventually was forced to collapse on the spot for risk of spending herself and roll into a pit of mud amongst some tall, thick shrubbery to better hide herself. She slowed her heavy breaths and listened when she heard a voice that sounded horribly familiar. She turned to see none other than her older sister, trudging steadfast through the mud and calling out. 

"Sissy, come out! We aren't playing hide and seek!" Tears actually stung at her eyes when she remembered what seemed like so long ago when the two siblings once played simple games like that, when they could laugh and play with each-other like normal people. Now her sister would just as soon drag her back if she dared try to reveal herself and try to convince her otherwise. How many others were here, she thought, her mother? Her Father? Biting back heavy sobs, but unable to stop a slight sniffle, she made her way away from the horrible sight. 

She moved through the sludge as the thick swamp became slowly more dense. It was now impossible to tell the difference between sweat building on her skin, or if it was the mud splashed all around her as she made her way as fast as she could again. After the quick rest, though, it had proven impossible to move very far before exhaustion took her again and she fell over. The thick mud and near-blindness that both her tired state and the unearthly humidity made it impossible to remember which way she was supposed to go. 

The voices of her pursuers faded slowly into the distance, and after resting on a soft patch of moss to regain her breath, she felt confident enough and strong enough to stand and lean against a nearby tree. Bracing herself, she rose to her shaking legs and looked around warily, prepared to fall back into the deep mud at any moment, but it looked as though she was alone. Better still, she could see where she had come from by a thinning in the swamp where travel was not as difficult. With shaking legs, she plowed slowly through the mud, her head throbbing and her body aching horribly with how much effort she had spent to make it this far. 

Very little stood out to her as she trudged along for the first few hours, and she started to feel a growing hunger and thirst attacking her body along with the aching and cramping she went through. At least her body was no longer trying still to expel the fluid she had retained. Eventually, though, her eyes came upon something that made her heart jolt with renewed hope. It was the unmistakable sight of car lights passing by on a moonlit highway. 

She stumbled towards it quickly, ignoring once more the throbbing her body did in protest. It was over. She was free. 

Then, something snagged at her hips, halting her movements in place. She looked down just in time to see a vine wrapped around her waist tightly, and several more shooting up to snatch her arms. She screamed, but that scream turned to a yelp when she was pulled forcefully to the ground, with her forearms pinned to the ground and he waist held up. 

"NO!" She shouted, struggling against the iron grip of the vines as they held her in place. She was so close, and desperately tried to claw at the dirt in front of her, but it was no use. The vines that held her arms buried into the ground and had absolutely no slack to them. She whimpered while her body was toyed with, and gasped when something forced against the entrance of her anus. It toyed with her there for a moment before burying itself inside her, forcing her cheeks apart and making her groan with struggle. It did not seem painful, but the pressure that forced her organs away from the girth of the thing shoved inside her forced her body to ignite with arousal while the thing reached the farthest recess it could without killing her. 

Her breathing was harsh, and she had little chance to regain her breath before the length started thrusting into and out of her, giving no regard or desire for any kind of sanity or foreplay before it violated her. Another of these things probed at her pussy, and before she could deny it, the thing shoved inside her waiting hole and pushed deeper, with still no pain as it slithered inside. 

Through clenched teeth and the horrible effort she was forced to maintain as she was raped by whatever this thing was, tears streamed down her eyes while she continued to look longingly at the highway. The ravishing of her body did nothing to alleviate the throbbing her body gave with each thrust, but this did not stop her growing arousal from doing that for her. Grunts and whimpers turned, if slowly, to moans of pleasure that she could not stop. The tendrils, having gradually attained speed from their relentless pounding, were now pistoning inside her and igniting her sex drive like it hadn't been before. She fought it, but the wave of release her body gave as it was thrown into a heavy orgasm was not to be stopped. 

"Agh!" She screamed as one hand was thrown almost unwillingly to her clit to rub herself off. Her body shook with the orgasm, but the tendrils did not stop ramming into her ceaselessly. It wasn't until she felt a certain warmth inside her body that she knew the things were depositing some kind of seed inside her. 

Another tendril, a root, she discovered now, slithered up to her face, about a phallus in girth, like the others, and prodded at her lips. She tried to clench her mouth shut, but realized at the last second as she opened her mouth that the thing would not consider barriers. It shot into her mouth and closed down her throat, but did not make her gag while it slithered still further. She watched it with wide eyes, certain by the time it had stopped that it had well gone beyond her lungs and should be inside her stomach now. The shaft of the vine distended along the base as it thickened. She realized as the thickening forced her lips and jaw apart a slight bit further that it must be releasing something into her. Able to do absolutely nothing to fight it, she only watched while it pumped the mystery fluid into her. 

As the thing slithered out of her, she felt a change at once. Her exhaustion was gone, and so were her worries of being caught. In fact, there was very little she could think of just now that had not held some kind of sense of tranquility. More than this, her sex drive had been thrown into uncontrollable regions of desire. In her mind, escape seemed suddenly less important. More than anything, she needed to breed with others, and turned to go back to where she was held, certain that she would find just that need fulfilled there. 

Her pussy and ass dripped with the monster's seed as she walked back, looking forward to being captured again. 

*Megan Melissa Victoria*

Age: 26, February 17

Original Physical Description: Average Weight, Average Build, Blonde Hair, Caucasian

Close Family Affiliation: Elise Victoria, Sister, Captured; Janet Victoria, Mother, Captured; Ryan Victoria, Father, Captured

Other notes: Subject managed a more effective distance than other subjects, but genetically altered plant trap worked as effectively as would be expected. Further tests will be conducted with this subject.

**

Just kinda popped into my head, so I figured it would be a one-page wonder.