 While Victoria's smile never left her face as the cops drove off her brown eyes betrayed a very different sentiment. As soon as their vehicles disappeared into the wooded darkness all pretenses dropped, and while she never quite scowled Victoria made no effort to conceal her irritation. Who did those glorified security buffoons think they were? While Earl probably would've let her off with a warning, for some reason someone felt compelled to give that idiot Jodi a taste of authority. 

"What a joke," Victoria muttered, resuming the short drive towards her drive way. Sure, she was speeding, but she was bored and nobody gave a damn around here. So what if technically this road was considered a county highway? The only reason anyone would have to drive this way would be to travel up the valley to the cabins from the village; Jodi's safety concerns were total bullshit. So what if there were teenagers or college kids messing around? That was not her problem; that was Jodi's problem! Once Terrance arrived he would have a talk with the authorities about Jodi's behavior, and the thought of such sweet vengeance made Victoria's smile as she pulled up to her drive way. This ticket wouldn't last the week before it would be dismissed, leaving that stupid cop with nothing to show for anything but a reprimand. 

Thoughts of revenge did little to assuage the bitter truth that remained though; Victoria was bored. Noting that the massive cabin was every bit as empty as she left it Victoria hit the remote, opening the garage door. A full three cars could fit in there, although her vehicle remained the only one that could be considered modern. The other two spots were filled with her husband's babies, pieces of shit from before she was even born that he always claimed were antiques or collectables. While pretty to look at she never saw the appeal, hating how much she had to pretend to care whenever he wanted to show them off. Once one of his business buddies joked that he loved those two cars more than he did Victoria, and she didn't find it funny partly because it might actually be true. 

Fighting the temptation to key them and claim it was an accident Victoria simply grabbed the small bag of groceries and opened the door to the kitchen. Like all cabins built in the valley, this house was more a full blown mansion. Six bedrooms, with every one of them having their own bathroom, and a pointlessly large pool only fifty feet from the lake, it felt eerily empty with just herself there. Not that she was supposed to be alone, but the help had taken the week off. Even so, her husband should've been there too...but he got delayed by work. 

For two days Victoria had been here alone, and boredom was straining her sanity. The cabins were built to entertain company, but in the absence of such there was little else for her to do. The village was quaint, but nothing special. Any visitors usually brought their own entertainment, which around this time of year meant that the stupid trust-fund kids would bring their friends here to party without any supervision. Of course that meant fucking; these jackasses would always bring their frat whores along...or sorority sisters would somehow slip details to their boyfriends. There wasn't much difference between the two as far as Victoria was concerned. 

"A message...," Victoria muttered, seeing the antiquated answering machine blinking. She shook her head and ignored it. "How quaint..." 

As the mountains made signal reception questionable landlines were still a thing here, although there was plenty of connection...if you knew the password. The locals could afford special connection services, and they did have access to them...but they didn't want others to piggyback on their expense. Unless you knew the password, you were not going to have good reception anywhere out here. If you wanted to have everything available in this playground of the rich, then you had better be here by invitation. 

Noting with a self-satisfied smirk that she had the password at least, Victoria set her cell phone down next to the groceries on the table before casually grabbing a bottle of expensive wine. She didn't really need these groceries, but it gave her an excuse to leave the house. She could only relax for so long before she grew truly stir-crazy. Slowly she walked towards the den when she caught a glimpse of herself in the large mirror between the two rooms. Taking a moment to look over herself Victoria smiled darkly at what her husband was missing out on. 

Long brown hair so dark most people though it was black ran down both sides of her face, completely straight until growing slightly wavy at the tips. Casually kicking away her shoes before undoing the button on her jeans Victoria gently slid her pants to the floor. Admiring her shapely legs before kicking them next to her shoes Victoria pulled her dark hair behind her shoulders. Casually turning her body from side to side Victoria noted with pride that even at thirty-four years old she still looked stunning. Her husband Terrance wanted a trophy wife, and she looked the part as easily as she played it. While her breasts were always nice, when her husband admitted he liked bigger she obliged. Fortunately her now 34D breasts looked really good on her thin 5'7 body, and her husband certainly liked what he saw too...for awhile. Keeping his interest away from younger, hungrier women was proving harder and harder, but Victoria was not about to let go of this comfortable life. Smiling proudly at her well-toned legs and snug ass Victoria slipped her hand beneath her loose white shirt, casually pulling her bra free and tossing it aside. 

"You still got this, baby," she told herself, proudly seeing her firm breasts pressing against the loose shirt. Growing more confident that she could still turn heads without even trying Victoria began dancing, sliding her hands across her magnificent body while watching her reflecting in the mirror. "Definitely still got it..." 

Giggling at her own vanity, well earned though it may be, Victoria gave one final look at her gorgeous reflection before turning to find her bra again. The shirt was rubbing against her nipples, and while she looked great she was the only one around to see her right now. She reached down when she heard an abrupt crashing sound, making her leap with surprise. 

"Shit!" she cursed, wondering what the hell that could be. It sounded serious, like something heavy breaking through thick glass. While the den opened out to the patio thick glass windows separated the two, but there was nothing out on the patio right now aside from a reclining pool chair. Moving quickly to see what this possibly could be Victoria cautiously took the last few steps to the den, brown eyes widening at the sight of the damage. The glass sliding door had been completely shattered, like someone drove a car through it, but she saw no sign of whatever caused this. 

"The hell?" she muttered, confused. What could've done something like this? Recalling how she left her cell phone with the groceries in the kitchen Victoria moved to turn that direction when she saw something skitter in the large mirror she had just left. The thought that a rodent had already slipped into her home because of this made her yelp angrily. "Oh, come on now!" 

She immediately heard the paper bags of the groceries being torn apart. Glancing around for some sort of weapon she spotted Terrance's golf clubs. Grabbing one (making sure to pick his favorite one since he wasn't here) she clutched it tightly as she approached the kitchen. Her brown eyes scanned the area, seeing the grocery bag torn to pieces...and her phone missing. 

"Shit!" she cursed, hoping that it hadn't been knocked to the floor. She had broken many such devices through dropping them, fully aware how easily that messed them up. Her annoyance turned to confusion as she began hearing ticking sounds coming from the pantry, unsure what sort of rodent made such an odd sound. Her ears quickly picked up another, heavier ticking sound responding from somewhere else in the house. Victoria's heart began to race at the realization that there was another creature in here as well, and as she listened she could hear the sounds of the second creature moving. Something heavy and hard was scraping against the wall, making a distinct rubbing sound. 

Swallowing nervously, Victoria backed away from the kitchen. This wasn't some sort of rodent, like a raccoon; this had to be something else...something much bigger. Without her cell phone the fact that there was no one else within a couple of miles made her increasingly uncomfortable. Gripping her husband's golf club so hard it was hurting her hand Victoria looked around for something to do. She could make a run through the kitchen to the garage or land line phone, but whatever attacked her groceries was still there. The other way was the den... 

"The den!" she said, recalling that there was another landline phone in the den as well. She quickly turned, hoping that the damage sustained inside the room didn't mess with it. Her eyes lit up when she saw it intact, and after giving the room a cautious glance she stepped out into the room. She only took a few steps when something massive stepped in front of her. "Shit!" 

Landing on long but very powerful rear legs, the figure first rose to meet her face to face...and kept rising until the largest insect Victoria had ever seen towered over her. Softly fluttering wings slowly retracted into a hard shell covering the monster's back while a large head hovering a foot taller than her regarded Victoria with an intensity that made her uncomfortable. Before she was even aware of doing so Victoria took a step back, not even making it half way when the insect sprung into action. Two powerful human-like hands grabbed her upper arms, preventing her from escaping. 

"Oh God no...!" Victoria yelped as the insect's massive mandibles opened wide, turning her desperate attention away from the terrifying sharp edges towards the phone before looking at the shattered glass opening behind the massive insect. Escape was possible, if she could get away from this monster. 

A powerful hand gently but firmly twisted Victoria's head back towards the insect, her brown eyes widening as she found herself face to face with the monster. Completely terrified, Victoria tried to turn away from the insect's head as it lowered towards her...but its grip held her in place. Unable to look away Victoria started to sob when the insect's other hand brushed her hair out of her face with surprising tenderness. When the frightening mandibles closed in a way that made them seem less threatening, confusing began to mix with Victoria's fear. Her brown eyes stared into the insect's, waiting for it to suddenly attack. 

But it did not attack. Calmly staring into her eyes, the insect's hand continued to gently brush her hair in a way that strangely felt reassuring. The insect's eyes seemed to swirl with colors, and after only a few seconds of staring into them Victoria found them to be beautiful. Gradually the tenseness of her body began to fade as the brunette began to regard the insect as less and less menacing. Soon it no longer held her face towards its own, rubbing her upper arms in a reassuring way while she stared into its startlingly dreamy eyes. Lost in the insect's gaze Victoria could sense that it wasn't here for food; it was here for her. 

A deep part of her remained terrified, but the longer its hands caressed her body as she stared into the insect's eyes the less attention she gave this lingering warning. The insect's hands continued to caress her body in an almost sensual way, leaving Victoria slowly being turned on by its increasingly clear intentions. As her breathing grew heavy the insect's mandibles clicked, and somehow the brunette could tell that it was pleased. 

"Ooh?" she gasped when its powerful hands pulled her white blouse upwards towards her head. Victoria's arms rose with it, sending a shiver down the length of her body as the soft fabric slid over her body before being tossed aside by the insect. Its large clawed hand quickly grabbed Victoria's right breast, squeezing it tightly enough to make her moan with pleasure. "Oooh..." 

From between its mandibles a long sinewy tongue slithered out, wrapping around her other breast. Her brown eyes rolled back into her head as the tip flicked against her nipple, giving the insect a look of disappointment as its tongue withdrew after only a slight taste. But the insect was clearly satisfied, and before Victoria was even aware of what happened she found herself placed on the soft but expensive carpet inside the den. After a momentary worry that some glass might cut her perfect skin, the beautiful brunette calmed down as soon as she understood that the insect placed her on the floor far enough away from the break-in to not have any glass nearby. Strangely touched by its concern for her well being, Victoria continued to stare into its beautiful eyes while its hands slowly rubbed the length of her body. Her hands joined in caressing her body, and when the insect's hands began slowly tugging at her tight underwear her hands quickly took over that as well. After hearing the satisfying pop as her underwear slipped by her perfect ass, Victoria lifted her legs up to slide the panties further when the insect took control once more. She quickly felt her panties slide by her socks, and a second later those were remove too. 

"Mmm," Victoria purred as her fingers danced along her cheekbones, barely paying attention to the insect's hands pulling her legs apart. Only when she felt its hands slowly stroking the length of her sides while something else grabbed her legs, keeping them apart, did she look down. A middle pair of legs that she had barely noticed earlier had hooked around her legs, leaving her pussy completely exposed to the long pink shaft now sticking out of the insect's tail. Its throbbing tip had splayed open, like the petals of a flower, revealing a long hollow interior dripping with a thick green fluid. A renewed sense of concern returned to her when the tip closed and lined up with Victoria's carefully trimmed line of public hair leading to her pussy. "N-no..." 

Reaching down as though to stop it, Victoria's quickly realized that her hands could not reach down far enough to stop anything without bending upwards. As this was blocked by the insect's body hovering above her Victoria's brown eyes tried to convey their sudden alarm to the creature itself. The insects seemed to understand, gently stroking her right cheek while staring into her gaze in a way that somehow reassured her. Soon her hands weren't trying to stop anything, simply grasping at nothing in particular as she felt the insect's throbbing hot shaft press against her wet pussy lips...and then through them. 

"Uaghh...!" she cried out as she was penetrated, lips curling into a smile as unusual but overwhelming pleasure filled her head. The insect's left hand slid from her cheek down to her right breast, grabbing it firmly, while its right slid to her ass cheek and clutched it every bit as tightly. Inch after inch of thick throbbing flesh slid into Victoria's pussy, deeper than any man had ever pushed himself before. Somehow it never hurt, instead giving the brunette an oddly fulfilling sensation when it finally stopped. "Oh baby...wow..." 

After feeling a weird sensation inside her body, as though the insect's tip had reopened deep inside her body, Victoria stared up at the insect hovering above her. Unlike a man the insect was not thrusting into her; rather it was gently pushing its pleasurably hot shaft just barely in and out of her pussy. Aware enough to know that the insect was mating with her Victoria giggled slightly at what her husband might think about this. As the insect's hands slid towards Victoria's arms at her side she decided that it didn't matter what Terrance thought of this. He wasn't here, but the insect was...and not only did the insect clearly desire her, but it was going to get what it wanted from her. Victoria's eyes continued staring into the insect's focused gaze, chest beating with anticipation for whatever came next. 

She didn't have to wait long. 

"Oh!" Victoria moaned loudly as soon as she felt something inside the insect's shaft push against her pussy lips. The feeling didn't stop, growing only fiercer and more intense as whatever this was wiggled and thrashed about relentlessly trying to slip inside Victoria's body. When the insect's head descended towards her and affectionately nuzzled Victoria's cheek, awkwardness was quickly overrun with ecstasy. Raggedly laughing with pleasure the beautiful brunette's hands began rubbing her tummy expectantly while her large breasts beat eagerly against the insect's armored underside. "Oh...oh yeah...oh..." 

Slowly but inevitably the insect's offspring slowly managed to work its way past Victoria's pussy lips, aided by the insect's slow but encouraging shallow thrusting. Closing her eyes she felt every bit of the baby insect as it wiggled into her body, savoring every bit of the extraordinary pleasure she felt as the small but determined creature pushed deeper. Dimly hearing a slurping sound as the last of the tiny wiggling creature slipped past her pussy lips Victoria felt her orgasm quickly build up. When the brunette felt the small creature gently tumble out of the insect's shaft into her womb her body had finally had enough. 

"Auugh!!" she howled, body growing taut and sweaty as her orgasm tore through her without remorse. The insect's hands tightened their grip on her, the small measure of pain actually amplifying her ecstasy. Victoria's moans mingled with joyous giggling, aware that she had just been impregnated but not really caring. "Auugh...oooh..." 

Sensing the insect's head rising again Victoria's brown eyes flickered open, staring lovingly into the insect's gaze. She had little doubt that this was one of the...if not the...strongest orgasms she had ever experienced. Slowly Victoria's left hand slid over her tummy to the spot just above where the insect's young was still slowly squirming around. A pleased quivering smile played on her face until she felt another wiggling, determined shape pressing against her pussy lips. Her eyes widened hungrily at the realization that the insect was not finished, and within seconds her hands began caressing her gorgeous body to heighten the sensation of another creature being pumped into her body. 

This time her eyes never broke contact with the insect's, growing lost in their multicolored depths as round after round of pleasure slid into her body. Her hands caressed every inch of her body, rubbing sensually wherever she felt the need for pleasure and getting harder whenever needed. The insect's hands likewise stroked her body, demonstrating a sensual touch matching any of her previous lovers while managing a covetousness that she found refreshing...even endearing. 

Victoria lost track of how many creatures were pumped into her body, all semblance of time being lost to the insect's beautiful gaze. Dimly aware that she couldn't stop the insect from impregnating her only fueled her lust, a sensation of helplessness pushing her to stronger orgasms. Only when she had recovered from her third mind-shattering orgasm did the brunette realize that there was not another squirming shape being pumped inside her body. Seeing the insect's eyes lower towards her body Victoria's followed suit, looking past her heaving sweaty breasts and smiling as the insect's hand lovingly caressed the small bulge above her incredibly full womb. 

"That...was incredible...," she breathed, barely able to form words. Sensing its shaft no longer pumping her body, instead remaining still but within her, Victoria smiled as the insect's gaze returned to her. Wondering what was next the brunette stroked her fingers through her long dark brown hair. The insects eyes once more broke contact, slowly looking over her body as though taking in just how perfect she actually was. When its left hand gently grabbed one of her large 34D breasts she moaned loudly, smiling with pleasure until the insect's hand slid up above her head. When she felt it lift her hands higher she giggled. "Oh? Is there more...?" 
