 She had never noticed before how dark the landing was between her bedroom and the toilet. In spite of all the times she had risen in the middle of the night to walk the long corridor, the dark places she had to pass had never before seemed menacing to her, until tonight. She paused, seeing the moonlight casting an eerie glow through the half open door of the bathroom, her destination, and wondered if she could hold on until the morning. She shook her head and cursed herself for being so irrational; after all she wasn't a child anymore frightened of the dark . . . but she was frightened. As she took each step her heart began to beat faster as she imagined herself being dragged into the rooms each side; dragged screaming, fighting, into the places that only existed there at night, places banished by the daylight, reappearing again when the sun set once more. 

Shadows seemed to take on form as she willed herself to take one more step. She felt a scream rising inside, her nudity somehow making her more vulnerable and, half turning, saw her bedroom light flicker and die, causing the shadows to become longer, deeper, more terrifying; casting her sanctuary into a gloom deeper than even the landing. She began to imagine hands grasping at her, pulling her towards the dark and possessing her in ways she was too frightened even to begin to imagine. 

The moonlit bathroom, once so sinister, began to appear welcoming in contrast to the pitch black of her bedroom, and she slowly edged her way towards it. With each shuffling step that took her closer to the dim light her courage increased until she almost laughed out loud at her fears. That is, until she felt it, a leathery grip on her arm pulling her towards the blackness of the spare bedroom.

A scream died, unborn, in her constricted throat as her hand attempted to grip the door. Silently, slowly, she tumbled forward into the gloom and blackness deeper than the darkest night overwhelmed her.

* * * *

She opened her eyes, the harsh glare of the sun causing her to blink uncontrollably. An ache pulsed in her forehead and she reached up to feel a large swelling growing there by the second.

Still sitting she forced her eyes open and looked out onto the harsh desert landscape that stretched out as far as the eye could see in each direction. Huge boulders were strewn over the ground, as if a giant had thrown them there in a fit of pique. 

She rose, once more aware of her nudity, one hand covered her breasts, the other shielding her groin from no one, or no one that could be immediately seen. She started to walk, the direction immaterial, but, she thought, there had to be something, someone who could help her, even if only to explain where she was and how she had come to be there. 

Whether it was a sixth sense or some almost inaudible noise, it mattered not; she knew she was being watched. She turned, slowly, in a complete circle and saw nothing until she returned to her original direction. A small dwarf-like figure covered in a leathery skin, which, from a distance, seemed scaly and dry; but the distance was decreasing as it moved towards her.

Her eyes were dragged from its leering pointed face, down to an enormous erection pointing skywards, totally out of proportion to the rest of its body, the head almost level with its bony shoulders. She watched mesmerised as its taloned hands rubbed at its cock and the creature's long seemingly prehensile tongue flicked out as if tasting the air for her scent. 

She backed away, trying to keep the distance between them constant until her back touched a huge rock and she sank to her knees as if in prayer; but she knew any pleading would be lost here. The monsters erection appeared to be growing even bigger as it approached her as if signalling her fate and her head slumped down onto her chest in an attempt to block out the sight in front of her and to await the inevitable.

She closed her eyes tightly causing flashes of coloured lights to impress themselves onto her retina, anything to divert her imagination from what was about to happen. She began to almost feel the huge bulbous head parting her, pushing inside, tearing her tender vagina, splitting her asunder. Would it be quick? Or would it take its time with her prolonging the agony until that final push which would end her torment.

It was then that she heard it; a beating of wings, like a bird's but louder, growing almost deafening in its intensity. She slowly peeked out between half closed eyelids in time to see the monster's head arcing above her, its body slumping to its knees, the stump still spouting black blood high into the air as its erection poured its useless cum onto the stony ground. As it fell forward to stain the earth at her feet with its foul liquid she saw him, standing, his sword still dripping the monsters life force onto the floor at his feet.

His alabaster skin was almost painful to look at, so white it left an image behind when she looked away from him for an instant. She forced herself to study him, her saviour. He was tall, over six feet in height, his eyes the deepest blue and his hair snow white. She could see what appeared to be feathers sprouting above his shoulders and as she watched he stretched, enormous wings unfolding behind him extending outwards at least five feet to each side. In spite of her fear she stared at him, his eyes hypnotic, sending her waves of calming energy. 

Her eyes travelled downwards, over his boy-like chest, his slim hips and onto his cock nestling in the blond curls at his groin. Not the cock of the monster, huge, menacing, but small like that of Michelangelo's David; small and so incredibly beautiful.

He beckoned to her, "Come, hurry, more will arrive soon. We have to go," he said, placing his sword back into a sheath strapped to his back. 

She stood and moved towards him, any fear left evaporating, and grasped his hand. Directing her backwards she knew what he wanted her to do and climbed carefully onto his back, her arms around his neck, fingers interlocked. She barely felt him rise until she looked down at the ground receding beneath them. It was then she saw them, five of the monsters prowling close to the place they had just left. She began to shiver uncontrollably until he sensed it and somehow passed his strength to her. 

She saw that they were heading towards a small mountain range and, as they got closer, the outline of a small castle came into view. As they flew she could feel her naked breasts pressed against his smooth back and her nipples erecting with the friction. He turned and smiled over his shoulder at her as if he knew of her embarrassment and as they swooped down to land in a small paved courtyard she could see that she wasn't the only one affected by their closeness. 

She climbed off his back and moved around to thank him for his rescue to be amazed to see his once small cock had been transformed into a hard pulsating erection of more than impressive size. She stared both unable and unwilling to take her eyes off it and as he followed her gaze down his smile became broader as if he relished the idea of displaying himself to her in his aroused state.

"You're not an angel, are you?" she asked, as if questioning him, but the erection which still rose high, and somehow, proud in front of him gave her the answer she requested.

He laughed, a quiet, almost shy response, "No, not an angel, but not a devil either."

"You don't want me to apologise for this, do you?" he said, waving a hand vaguely in the direction of his still hard cock.

"No," she said quickly, "I was a little surprised, that's all."

He laughed again, "Surprised that such a beautiful body pressed against me would have such an effect? You shouldn't be, at least you wouldn't if you knew me."

She reached out and touched his chest as if testing to see if he was a figment of her imagination or if she really had been rescued by someone equally incredible as the monsters below, but in a very different way. She detected a low groan come from him as her hand caressed him and she withdrew it quickly.

"We'd better go inside out of the sun," he remarked, leading her through a small doorway and into a large hall. There were no chairs only futons littered the floor and a long, low table was placed centrally onto the paved surface. 

He beckoned her to sit and she dropped onto a crimson mattress, bringing her head level with his aroused organ. A noise outside caused her to start and glance at the high widows as if expecting one of the monsters to come crashing through to claim her once more.

"It's all right," he said, seeing her anxiousness, "they can't, won't, come her." He slipped his long sword from its sheath on his back and saw her looking intently at it. He smiled broadly, "It's not this that holds them back," he said, weighing the weapon in his hand. "It's that they can't climb up here, that's what makes us safe."

As he talked his movement caused his other weapon to nod and bow towards her and she again stared at his appendage, still hard, and closer now than it had ever been. A half pace forward and his cock came within easy reach of her and she willed herself not to touch him, for a moment. 

She looked up towards his face as if asking his permission and he stepped forward, another half pace, bringing the head of his cock inches from her mouth.

"You don't have to," he whispered, although his voice still echoed off the stone walls of the tower fortress.

She did not reply, but opened her mouth and took the smooth head of his cock gently inside. Most of her ex boyfriend's cocks had either been heavily veined or at least 'tanned' a darker colour than the surrounding area, but not his. The shaft and head were both as white as the rest of his body, even the slightly coarser hair that covered his balls was without any sign of pigmentation.

As she licked up and down the long shaft her hand caressed his balls feeling the fullness of the orbs inside. He began to push the head against her cheek as if entreating her to allow him back inside her warm mouth and she once more encased the knob with her lips before sliding her lips back over him.

He watched as her hand drifted almost inadvertently between her legs and began pleasuring herself as she sucked on him. Easing her back onto the soft fabric of the futon his mouth found her erect nipple and he suckled gently on her, drawing the teat over his tongue as he sucked, his eyes still watching her fingers parting her outer lips and sliding inside her obviously wet pussy.

His head moved lower, his tongue tracing a path down to the thin strip of blond hair and onto her tiny clit protruding from its hood. Removing her fingers she reached out and grasped his hard cock, using her own juices as lubrication on him as she wanked him slowly and deliberately. As he licked around her clit he watched as it erected, the silky head rising from the folds as if aching for his mouth to suck on it. His mouth covered her pearl, his tongue dancing around it as he sucked and his finger entered her pushing deep, up and forward, until he found her g spot and he stroked her inside rhythmically.

Her body arched as his finger and tongue took her inexorably towards her climax and she stroked him faster until he moved his cock out of her hand and positioned it at the entrance to her sex. His cock parted her outer lips and slid inside, filling her warm channel and pushing higher until his balls hit her cheeks. He paused, then began fucking her in long, deep pleasurable strokes.

Reaching behind she felt the soft downy feathers of his furled wings and caressed them in time to his thrusting. She heard him groan as if her soft strokes were heightening his arousal and his thrusting became more frenetic. She felt his cock just touching the entrance to her womb as if the length of his cock and her vagina were made precisely to fit perfectly together. 

He leant forward and she felt his tongue licking around her lips before parting them and slipping inside. She felt a little guilty that this was the first time they had kissed yet his cock was buried deep in her, as if affections had been turned around somehow in this strange world. Not that any of it mattered to her then; she could feel his body tensing, his thrusting slowing a little and she knew his climax was close, as hers was.

Their mouths parted and his head slid down onto her shoulder, his lips close to her ear. 

As she felt his cum flooding her and her own orgasm sending wave after wave of pleasure throughout her body she heard him whisper, only one word . . . "Goodbye," before the blackness came again. 

* * * * * 

The light felt as if it was burning her eyes as it shone directly onto her pupils and she closed her eyelids tightly forcing herself to concentrate fully on the voice that seemed, once distant, but now was getting closer and more distinct. A voice she thought she recognised, but wasn't sure.

She smiled and reached out to the hand she somehow knew would be there. "Fuck me again," she whispered, "just once more."

She heard a slightly suppressed giggle, then, "I've been asking him for that for a while," a disembodied woman's voice answered her. "Are you ok? We think you've fallen on the stairs and taken a bump on your head."

His voice, close to her ear spoke quietly, reassuringly to her, "You'll be ok now," and she opened her eyes slowly to look into the paramedic's deep blue eyes.

"What happened?" she muttered, as she strove to stand before dizziness forced her back onto the floor. 

"You fell," the woman repeated, "but we think you're ok now. We'll take you to the hospital, just to have you checked out, got to be sure, haven't we? It must have been a hell of a knock you took. You've been muttering about monsters and angels and all sorts of things in the few minutes we've been here, hasn't she Michael?"

"Sure has . . . must have been some adventure you had in the land of Nod. Come on let's get you onto that stretcher and off to hospital; and covered up, don't want to take you outside looking like that, do we?"

The female paramedic pulled a blanket over her and, for a few seconds, looked puzzled, before shrugging her shoulders as she brushed the sand from the bare feet of the girl on the stretcher.