 The sun set, leaving the sky a juicy orange above the hills and the deep reaches of space a dark, sweet purple that reminded me of wine. I strolled in the cool, slightly humid evening towards the full moon, gold like a coin and frightening in its majesty. It was the kind of moon that could make werewolves, could tug at the webs of your mind and bring out the evil.

There was a sweet fragrance in the air, something fruity like orange blossoms. I walked all night over an endless, well-trimmed lawn and the scent grew stronger and stronger, and I became more and more frustrated when I could not find the source of the smell.

The scene faded. My soul merged with my body and I slowly opened my eyes, realizing I had been dreaming. The drowsy warmth of my room enveloped me.

But this was not my room...it seemed altogether familiar, yet different. I noticed my simple bed had been turned into a four-poster bed, and up the four posts grew a green waxy vine, studded with huge, white flowers, which at their centers were very pink and bled into their petals. Small red fruits, which I had never seen before, concealed themselves behind the blossoms. The same vines draped over the bed to make a canopy. Fresh white and pink petals fell to the bed and had covered me like a thick quilt.

To my left was Thon. He was propped up on his elbow, watching me. His long black hair tumbled down and clung to his sculpted muscles. The petals had not covered him and he was completely naked, and very white like a marble statue. His whiteness almost matched that of the petals. His shadows were very dramatic and made me startle at how muscular he was, yet far from bulky. He was like a healthy cat that was bred for showing.

"Well, come here, now," he said, "you can see me, but I can't see you." And he brushed away the petals that had covered me.

I was very shocked to look down and remember that Thon had turned me into a woman the day before - so I had not been dreaming! What a lovely woman I was, too. A Renaissance beauty, no waif, with curves that should be squeezed like fruit at the market. My breasts, I could tell, were very firm, but I was afraid to touch them, lest this dream melt away and I wake up with my normal male body, which, nevertheless, had been very beautiful. I guessed that my long auburn hair would have fitted me perfectly as a woman, and I saw that it did - I spied myself in a mirror across the room. When I was a boy, I knew, that with all my feminine beauty, I would have made a lovely woman.

Thon was examining my body with even more interest, if that was possible. He stared for a long while at the hairy cleft between my legs, and then up at my generous breasts. He seemed very pleased with his work. And then his sculpted arm moved gracefully down his belly, down to the penis which was already hard and standing up straight.

He wrapped the fingers around the base of it. I noticed the fine black hairs on his knuckles, very sparse, like wispy ghosts compared to the hairs where his large cock met his pelvis. He moved his hand very slowly over it, in time with his eyes moving across my body. I wanted to grab the thing out of his hand and help him, but this was far more enticing.

His hand moved up to the head, pre-cum glistening at the tip. His strokes were so exquisitely timed that I wanted to reach down to my own hard cock and imitate his moves, until I realized I had no cock. Yet I still felt the same, burning arousal - but it was spread throughout my hips, through my legs, this was a more relaxing sensation, but at the same time it made me ache for him more. I wanted him to fill me up, to cure myself of that void.

His breath quickened and became deeper so that it was audible. His male suffering was so irresistible. I watched with curiosity how he tugged at his cock, as if I had never seen this happen before. He threw his head back and let the air out of his mouth, bringing it back in and seething, his eyes closed and then opened again, feasting on the sight of my body.

Finally I could not take it anymore. I crept towards him and covered his mouth with kisses. His hand came up off his cock, and rested on the back of my head, as if he had found a more satisfying place.

He reached towards the canopy of flowers and picked off one of the red fruits. Then he placed it at my lips. It was much like a strawberry, but I could not decipher the taste. It was like all fruits in one. Yet there was a musky flavor behind it, something exotic and yet so earthy, and it reminded me of taking his cock deep into my throat, the saltiness of his flesh arousing my mouth to watering.

He drew himself up and brought his hard cock, heavy with blood, up to my chest. He held his cock and placed the tip of it on my left nipple and a shock of sensation traveled from my nipple straight down to my crotch. I almost cried out.

Thon laughed. "So much more intense, isn't it?" he said. I nodded in disbelief.

He continued to play with my nipple and spank it with his cock. It seemed he would not be content until he had smothered every last inch of himself on my breast. He thrust hard against me, grunting and rough, and hurting me just a little, stopping now and then to tickle my nipple with the head of his cock. But it was as though he wanted to penetrate that thick flesh on my chest, and the fragrance of his crotch so close to my face was overpowering - I grabbed his cock and helped him thrust it against my breast, until he could control it no longer and a white ribbon of his seed shot out.

As he caught his breath, he sighed his weariness into my mouth. His tongue slid against mine tenderly, while his hand lay on my breast. Then he left me for a while. I could hear him down the hall, in the bathroom, the water running. He returned to the room and lifted me up, and carried me to the tub, and set me down, the warm water licking at my skin. Slowly and sloppily--I could tell he had never done this before, not even for himself, he must have always been immaculate--he ran his hands over my body and shampooed my hair, then lifted me out and dried me with a towel.

When he led me back to my bedroom, which was no longer covered with that strange flower and its fruit, there was a green satin dress laid out on my bed. It was strappy on the back and embroidered with dragonflies and flowers. On the floor were green satin shoes with tiny gold beads. He slid the dress on my naked body without any help from me. It went on smoothly and was snug like my own skin. I watched him place the shoes on me and I was delighted at the arch of my foot. I hadn't noticed that he had magically dressed himself in a white shirt and black pants.

"Why are we dressed?" I asked. "Are we going out to some place special?"

"Yes, very special," he answered. "I'm taking you to Hell."