 The night was cold and dark. Lilly wanted to kick herself. Why did she insist on walking home? Her friend had offered her a ride. But no she needed to feel the cool air on her skin. Well she was really feeling it now as the wind picked up out of nowhere. She pulled her coat tighter around her and quickened her pace.

Just then on the deserted street she heard footsteps, matching her own as she sped up. "Ok," Lilly thought. "Your just being paranoid I'm sure you're not the only one stupid enough to walk home late at night." Never the less she took a quick look behind her. No one just a dark deserted street, with a sigh of relief she continued on. Then as she neared the park the footsteps started again, matching hers, step for step. "Ok so maybe I will go around the park," She thought. It isn't really a park it's actually a small piece of woods at the corner of town but it did cut at least thirty minutes off her walk. Well the faster home the better, she decided and into the park she went.

The air was suddenly so still she stole a quick glance back and there he was a tall figure in a long flowing coat. Lilly picked up her pace and looked back to see how much space she was putting between her and the stranger. "That can't be!" She thought. "I am practically running and he's closing the gap." Now she could tell it was a man in a long black coat. "Ok don't panic," She thought "just get home," but then as if expecting a dash he was there standing in front of her. She stopped dead in her tracks. He just stared at her with eyes as black as the night. "Ok I am no beauty by any stretch." She thought. "So maybe he's lost or something." Ok the direct approach. "Are you lost, Do you need help?" Lilly asked.

A slow smile spread across his lips causing her to shrink back. Ok doesn't need help, time to run for it. But when she went to take a step her feet where frozen on the spot. Now she was scared. 

"What do you want?" She stammered. "I will scream!" 

He laughed then. "No I don't think you will." He said. 

"Please I'll give you what ever you want." She said. 

"I know you will." He said. He reached out with long ghost white fingers and touched her face. Warmth began to seep through her entire body. Just as she was aware that he had closed any distance between them everything went dark and she felt herself falling.

She came to in what looked to be a small cabin. It was dark but she could see the outline of trees outside through the one small window. The room was cold and the dark made it hard to tell any details. 

Suddenly she realized with a shudder she was tied to some sort of headboard. Not only that but her clothes were gone she was completely naked. One good look in the light and he will probably hand me my clothes and utter some horrible excuse about making a big mistake and show me the door. Wait, what the hell was I thinking! Some sick bastard has me naked and tied to a bed and I'm worried about my self-image. "That's rich" Lilly thought. Ok pull yourself together. Just as she was slowing her breathing down she saw him, sitting in the corner of the room. He was watching her, just sitting and watching. "Ok what the hell do you want with me?" She cried. 

"Oh you will see." He said. With that he rose from the chair and walked toward her. He knelt by the bed and absently ran his fingers down her arm. That same warmth threatened to engulf her again but at the last minute he pulled away. "You see," He said. "I don't need the restraints but I find it much more enjoyable to have both my hands free." 

"Who are you?" She whispered. 

"Your worst dream," He said with a smile. 

"You obviously have gotten a good look at me by now. I'm not the enticing type." she said. 

He laughed at that. "You seem quite calm about this." he said. 

"Well I just figure you've made a mistake and as soon as you come to your senses you will untie me and I will run back to reality and never think of this again." she said. 

"I assure you I have made no mistake. I felt you long before my eyes fell on you. You are strong," He said. "Not only that but you are a highly sexual creature."

This time she was the one who laughed. She couldn't believe this, here she was naked as the day she was born talking to this tall dark stranger who accosted her and has her tied to a bed talking to her like they were meeting at the market or something. "Now I know you're mistaken." She said. "My life is anything but sexual." She stammered. 

"No that is where you are wrong; tonight I will show you what you are capable of. And what your body is capable of feeling." Now the fear began to seep into her. She wasn't going to be able to talk her way out of this. She was absolutely helpless even if she wasn't tied, for some reason she was sure she would be just as captive. He was still carefully running his hands over her arms but now he was moving downward. She tried to jerk away and he chuckled. "It would be so much more pleasurable if you would just relax. I will not hurt you. The pleasure you feel tonight will be unlike any you will ever experience." 

As he gazed at her she felt herself becoming lost in his eyes. She believed him and as she thought that, her body began to respond. Everywhere he touched; her body tingled, causing constant shudders through her. What was happening to her, she thought. "This man, this dark one, who the hell was he?" He has such power she could feel it crawling over her skin. Then all at once it hit her. He wasn't human or at least what is normally called human. As if sensing her thought he looked up at her from the foot of the bed were he had ended up. His eyes, those dark black eyes, were now blood red. Lilly gasped. "That's right," He said. "I have, shall we say, special talents." Then he smiled to show a long set of fangs. She screamed then. He calmly sat and watched her till she was quiet. "There do you feel better now?" He asked. "Yes I am a vampire but I have already told you I will not harm you." 

"I am looking for something other then dinner at the moment. I have already fed and if need be I can, how would you say, have a snack and you would find it quite enjoyable I promise. Now if you are through I would like to continue." With that he ran his fingers up the inside of her thighs but instead of struggling she found her body responding to his touch. Not only responding but actually trembling with need. Tracing slow circles on the inside of her thigh she started to squirm. She was actually trying to will his hand to move further up her legs. At that instant she craved his touch more then her life's breathe. 

"What are you doing to me?" She whispered. 

"Ah you feel it now don't you? I am the only person on this earth that can make you feel this way with just a touch of my hand imagine if I were to do this?" With that his fingers plunged between her spread legs. Her body exploded as her back arched violently. The scream that escaped her lips was more animal then human. The scream continued, and then all of a sudden he withdrew his fingers. A cry of frustration rose from her. 

"Please" she moaned. "Please..." She lay writhing on the bed, unable to control body. 

"No, I set the pace for this night and me alone." With that he bent and sank his fangs into the tender flesh of her inner thigh. She screamed, the pain was so sharp and sudden but then it changed and as he sucked she once again stared to writhe under him. Head thrown back she could barely breathe but then just the soft feathery touch of his tongue licking the small wound. "Waste not want not," He said with a sigh, and looked up into her eyes. 

"Oh god please I can't take it, it's too much!" She moaned. 

"Oh no you're even close to what you can take." And his tongue began to trace a line up her inner thigh. She twisted away from him and he sat back. "Well I think you need some encouragement." He whispered. He reached out and with just his fingertips began to gently tease her clit. She bucked wildly her body trying to push onto his fingers more she needed more. Then his head was between her legs. He sighed, "How sweet you are." And his tongue began to torment her mercilessly. He twirled his tongue over her sensitive flesh ripping moan after moan from her. 

"Please I can't take it anymore please..."

"Please what sweetness? What is it you want?"

"Oh god, please don't make me say it, I can't."

"Oh yes you can and you will or this stops right now." 

"Oh god no no I will do anything you want. Just don't leave me like this." She pleaded. "All you have to do is tell me what you want. Look into my eyes and tell me you want me to fuck you till you scream...." 

"Oh god yes please fuck me, fuck me raw!" 

A soft chuckle escaped his lips "You know I think that was just a little too easy for you." No oh god please I told you what I wanted I did what you asked." 

"Yes and you were oh so obedient. But you know what, I think I like you writhing under me begging me better. So shall we continue?" 

"Oh god you are going to kill me!" She murmured, but he had other things on his mind. His eyes bore into her pulling her into the darkness. Then she felt his hair caressing her inner thigh and she arched up to meet his lips. But just then his fangs once again pierced her skin this time the other thigh. It was sudden and she wasn't expecting it she screamed out as he sucked the tender flesh into his mouth. Then he stopped.

"You know," He said. "I could keep this up all night." Sweat was beginning to trickle down her breasts to her stomach.

"Please I can't take it anymore. It is too much." He rose up from between her legs and staring into her eyes drove his cock deep into her. Her back arched violently off the bed as his cock pushed deeper into her forcing cry after cry from her. He was relentless pushing himself harder and deeper into her. She writhed uncontrollably underneath him.

"Oh god yes oh god!" She cried. 

"God has nothing to do with this." He said with a smile, and reared his head back and sank his fangs into her neck, blinding pain as she screamed her orgasm over and over till there was nothing but darkness. 

When she awoke the room was still dark and she was so sore she could barely move. She turned her head slightly only to see she was alone and no longer tied. The room was completely empty. Oh god what the hell just happened to me. There is no way that was a dream. Then she raised a hand to her neck and her fingers traced two small puncture wounds.

She gasped as a voice in the dark said, "That is just the beginning sweetness, until next time." Then everything went dark.