 He loved these new clubs. Whether they call themselves Goth or Alternative or even Industrial they all seemed to draw the same type of crowd. The young ones he meets there were so eager for new experiences and sensations. Never in his existence has it been so easy for him. All he has to do is walk in and go to a table and in no time he has his pick of young ladies or young men. All of them look so much the same now. The dark coal under their eyes, different patterns painted around their eyes. Some very elaborate. The many piercings and in such interesting places. He enjoys adding his own form of piercing to their collections. 

He smiled to himself as he remembered the last nights encounter. The two girls he had chosen had come in together. He spotted them as soon as they walked inside the door. He could tell by looking at them they were lovers and he waited for them to join him. It didn't take long. They danced together and slowly made their way closer to his table as they moved against each other for his enjoyment. They truly enjoyed each others company but he knew this display was for him. They moved against each other sensuously and touched as the music heightened their senses. He watched them move their hips against each other and he had a very nice visual image of the two of them naked moving in the same way. When the dark haired one moved her leg between the others legs, she turned her head and met his gaze. His eyes told her he enjoyed the sight of her lover rubbing herself up and own against her thigh. Her head back, swaying silently with the music; he sent her a gentle touch with his mind and watched her gasp as she felt herself begin to cum. It surprised her and she clung to her lover as her tremors overtook her. They whispered to each other and kissed before returning their attention back to him.

He knew the dark haired one would be the one who spoke to him. She was in control, at least for tonight. At least for the next few minutes he smiled to himself.

When they finally came to his table he motioned for them to join him. He asked them what they were drinking and ordered accordingly.

His gaze remained on the dark haired one as they spoke. She told him their names, which he knew he would forget after tonight, like so many others before them. Her name was Lily and her quiet friend was Brie. He liked the name Lily. He saw a beautiful white lily in his mind, a white lily with dark red drops of blood staining its petals. He smiled slightly to himself. 

After the drinks came, he raised his glass in toast. "To a very interesting evening, my two lovely ladies." He met Lily's eyes as he spoke and watched the soft blush rise to her face. Something told him tonight would be one he would enjoy for many nights to come. He turned his eyes to Brie and they met only briefly as she lowered hers as if his gaze had burned her.

They drank their drinks and he asked them if they would join him somewhere more private and dance for him again. Just for him. Lily smiled and looked over at her lover who looked up at her and also smiled. The thought of this handsome stranger watching them turned her on very much. She wanted to do more than dance for him. He knew her thought and smiled when he knew they would do much more than dance. Much more.

He gave them an address and asked them to meet him in a half an hour there. He wanted to stop and pick up something nicer than the swill they passed off here as wine. They made sure they knew where they were going and he kissed their hands and left.

He was not stopping anywhere but leaving with them was not safe. He went to different clubs but still made the rounds back to each place eventually so he had to be careful. He left and waited for them to arrive.

They arrived and either the alcohol or their age made their minds totally unaware of the danger they were in. It amazed him how easy it was for him to get girls to meet him. Together they probably felt safer than alone but this was getting entirely too easy.

He had placed a CD in the player and the wine was already chilled when they arrived. He offered them a glass and joined them as they became more comfortable again in his presence. He touched Lily's face for the first time and she sighed softly. "Dance for me. I want you to make love to each other without undressing, let the music take you away again." He reached over and lifted Brie's chin up so she met his gaze. "I want to see your face as you cum again sweet Brie. Dance for me."

She blushed deeply and closed her eyes as his lips lightly touched hers.

He knew the music would mesmerize them quickly. The drug he placed in their wine would also work its magic soon. A little something he picked up in his many travels. An oriental man gave it to him many years ago and he has enjoyed its effect many, many times since then. It would work with their senses and intensify everything. Their pleasure, their pain, and especially their fear, it would all be magnified and brought to the edge of their skin and he would feed off of it. The pleasure first, he would allow them the pleasure first. They would feel things they never thought possible and then he would take them a little further. When their mind finally registered fear he would bring it out and to the surface and then his pleasure would begin. Their pain would be his drug, their fear intensifying the effect. 

The two lovers began to dance. They moved against one another, touching more intimately now that they were alone. He sat back in his chair and enjoyed the sight in front of him. He reached back and undid the clasp that held his long hair. Lily watched his hair shake out and she licked her lips in anticipation. She wanted to feel that hair against her skin. She wanted to feel it against her thighs. His eyes burned into her as he sent her an image of just that. His face between her legs hungrily devouring her pussy as Brie sat above her enjoying the same sensations. Lily bit her lip as the image played in her mind. She wanted this handsome stranger to take her and ravage her and she wanted him to take her now. She pulled Brie to her and began to open her blouse. She wanted him to watch for a few more moments and then she hoped he would join them. Brie swayed to the music, her eyes closed. Lost in the sensation of her lovers' hands on her. Lily watched her stranger as she slipped Brie's blouse off of her shoulders. She traced the rose tattoo Brie had across the top of her left breast. She bent down and traced it with her tongue as well and Brie moaned as the drug made the sensation flow through her like an electric current. She had Lily by her hair and brought her face up to hers and the two lovers kissed in a deep, all consuming kiss. Their stranger moved from his chair and stood closer to them but still not touching them. He watched their hands hungrily exploring each other, clothes slowly dropping away as they continued to dance.

He whispered to Lily what he wanted to see, she heard and smiled as she turned her gaze to meet his. Her eyes flashed with a passion he would soon possess for his own. 

She turned Brie so her back was against her but she was now facing him. He was not surprised by the tiny nipple ring she wore. He longed to take it in his mouth and pull it until she screamed for him. 

Lily ran her hands over Brie's breasts and pinched each nipple so that it stood out nice and hard. Brie's moans now heard above the music. Lily knew how to pinch just enough to make it painful but pleasantly so. Brie arched her back and brought her breasts up as Lily's hands continued down her stomach. Brie had her hands on Lily's hips and kept her close to her as they continued to let the music set the pace of their movements.

Lily kept her gaze on the dark stranger who watched them. She moved her hand down and cupped Brie's mound and rubbed the soft hair there. Finding Brie very wet she let her fingers move over her lips and brought her hand up to her face to lick each one. All the while watching the stranger, his eyes narrowed as she licked Brie's juices from her fingers and so she brought them back down and pushed Brie's thighs apart farther so she could insert her fingers inside her wet pussy. She pushed deep inside Brie and then brought her hand back up and placed them to Brie's lips and she sucked each one into her mouth greedily.

He watched as Lily brought her hand back down and began to slowly circle Brie's clit. Brie's head back on Lily's shoulder, she was totally lost in her lovers touch. He told her he wanted them to lie together. He wanted to watch them cum together and then he wanted to join them.

Lily walked over to him and placed her fingers against his lips. He licked each one, never taking his eyes off of hers. It would be worth the wait to possess her. She took Brie's hand and together they lay on a beautiful four poster bed. It was very ornate and looked quite old. It also was very high up off the floor. Lily helped Brie lie down and then she turned herself so they were each on their side. She wanted her stranger to be able to see both of them. He had moved to a chair beside the bed and he smiled slightly at her as she buried her face into Brie's soft curls. Brie had already begun licking Lily's clit and together their moans made a most sensual sound. He stood after a few moments and moved to the edge of the bed to watch closer. Both women lost in each other, they barely felt his presence. He let his fingers lightly trace down their back and across each buttock. He knew they felt it but he kept his touch light so not to interfere, only enhance. He touched their hair and when he felt them nearing their moment of release he mentally touched inside them and increased their orgasm. It took them together and they both exploded against one another and his touch let them continue to cum until they were too exhausted to go on. He closed his eyes as he experienced their orgasm with them, the intensity of it being combined making his knees weak. He moaned with them and knew it was only the beginning of the evening's pleasure. 

He allowed them to rest a few moments and then he kissed each one. Tasting their most secret sweat on their lips. He kissed them deeply and as he pulled away he gently bit their lip. He sat next to them and allowed them to undress him. He let them do what they wanted, knowing he would be in control very shortly.

They kissed and licked his face and his neck. He brought their face up to his and kissed each one deeply and then allowed them to continue. Lily bit his nipples sensing his body tense, she made sure she bit a little harder the next time and his moan made her more aggressive. She pushed him back on the bed and looked down at him as she brought his hand up to her breast. She moaned deeply as he squeezed her nipple hard and he pulled as he brought his hand away. He was going to enjoy this one. She bent down and bit his neck and across his shoulder and he grabbed her hair in his hands and pulled her to him hungrily, as his need was becoming increasingly more urgent. He felt Brie' hands gently caressing his hard cock as he tried to devour Lily with his mouth. He reached down and pulled Brie up to meet his face and kissed her. He let Lily bite him at will. He moaned deep within his chest and she knew he enjoyed the pain. She didn't know how much, she had no idea how much pain he would enjoy before the night was done. Their pain as well as his own.

He brought Brie's breasts up to his mouth and sucked hard, his tongue playing with the nipple ring. She moaned loudly as he bit down and pulled the ring with his teeth. Lily had gone across his nipples with her lips and her teeth, and she made her way down his stomach to his thighs. She knew the bites on the inside of his thighs would be the most painful. She wanted to make sure he enjoyed it as much as she did. She bit gently at first and then a little harder until she was leaving angry red marks behind. She knew from his moans she shouldn't stop. She wanted to take his cock into her mouth, but not quite yet.

He had lifted Brie up across his face so that he could suck and lick at her pussy while Lily drove him mad with her teeth. He bit and licked her clit and drove his tongue into her pussy until she was cumming against his face, her juices covering him in her scent. Brie was exhausted when he finished and he laid her back on the bed and let her fall asleep. She could rest until Lily was done and then he would begin.

He looked down at Lily as she bit her way down the inside if his thighs. The pain was so intense he had to will himself not to cum yet. He wanted to hear this one cry out. He wanted to bite her and make her scream. But not quite yet. She was making it pleasurable for him at the moment. He reached down and grabbed her hair and as he looked up into his eyes she saw the raw lust in his face and let him bring her face up to his cock. She brought it up to her mouth and licked the tip; keeping her eyes on his while she did this. She licked and pulled back slightly and let a small bead of pre cum slip between her tongue and the head of his cock. He moaned and she licked again and he pulled roughly at her hair wanting to feel her mouth take him inside.

She slowly slid her mouth over his huge cock and let her lips slide down until she had taken him as deeply as she could. She slid her mouth back up and flicked her tongue over his head and back down again. She knew what she was doing and he was trying not to use his hands to hurry her any. It was agonizingly slow but he was going to make it as long as he could before he helped her along.

He kept her hair tightly in his hands and their eyes stayed locked as she began to use her teeth to rub up and down the length of his shaft. Once she started that, he could no longer stand it and he pulled at her hair until she went at the rhythm he wanted. He brought his hips up and fucked her mouth as he felt himself ready to explode. He wanted to choke her with his cock and he forced his full length into her throat as he began to cum. She fought at first when he hit the back of her throat but once she began to swallow her throat loosened and she allowed him deeper into her. He was beyond pleasure as he held her hair and forced his hot cum into the back of her throat. Knowing this was just the first of many tonight made it all the more sweet.

When at last it became too intense to be inside her mouth, he pulled away and brought her roughly up to his mouth to kiss her. He bit on her lip and as he tasted blood he sucked and kissed her lips until they both lay back exhausted.

He lay between the two girls and ran his fingers over their skin. Touching their nipples and breasts, his lust awaked again in him. His lust would not be silenced and he turned to Brie and tweaked her nipple to wake her. He enjoyed the squeal he got from her. She didn't like being so rudely awakened but he silenced her with a rough kiss and pulled her to him. She was not sure she was ready yet but he was not asking. His lust wanted to be satisfied now, and he was going to have what he wanted.

Brie struggled in his arms to get free but he only held her tighter against him until she could barely breathe. She started to panic as her air supply was cut off and after letting her fight for a few minutes he let her loose. She came away from him taking gulps of air into her lungs. She got her voice back and asked him what he thought he was doing. "Jesus there is no need to be rough, I want to be here with you, and I wasn't fighting you. Why the rough stuff?"

He only smiled at her and told her "You haven't seen rough my pet. You have no idea what a treat you're in for tonight." With that said he grabbed her again and pulled her to him and bit down hard on her lip as they kissed. He moaned as the coppery taste of her blood found its way into his throat. Her cries, lost in his kiss only made the taste sweeter.

He brought Brie's breasts up to his mouth and sucked hard on her nipples. At first she didn't cry out but only felt the pain of her lip. But then as he began to bite down hard on her nipples, she cried out in pain. He pulled her nipple ring with his teeth until she begged him to stop, but her pleas only excited him and he pulled it again hard and it came unhooked and pulled away. It tore her skin as the hook pulled free and he sucked and licked at the blood it left behind. 

The blood on his tongue only wet his appetite for more and he bite down again and this time Brie screamed and woke Lily. She looked up and asked what was wrong and she felt herself being roughly pulled up to join them.

She was not awake all the way but her brain registered fear and she began to struggle. She tried to scratch at his face and was rewarded with a hard slap to her face. She saw blackness for a few moments and thought she would pass out, but fought to stay awake. She couldn't leave Brie.

Brie was crying and trying hard to break free from his grasp. He held onto her like she was a small child and she knew she was not going get free unless he released her. Lily had not fully recovered from his slap and so she was easily dragged off the bed when he stood up and lifted them both off their feet.

Brie was awake enough to know he should have had a hard time lifting them both but he seemed to not even strain under the weight. He roughly threw Lily into the chair by the bed and turned Brie over and threw her over his shoulder and went to his desk.

He returned with rope and a small knife. Brie was crying and begging him to let them leave. He only chuckled and said 'But sweet Brie, the night has just begun. Now the fun starts. My fun."

Lily had gained her senses enough to know she needed to run and as she got to her feet and looked for something to use against him, he moved inhumanly fast and grabbed her by her hair and lifted her off the floor. "Now, now Lily. We are just getting warmed up. You were not leaving were you? He turned her to face him and brought her face to his and kissed her very roughly. Enjoying the tremble he felt in her as he threw her back into the chair. He grew tired of Brie's whining and slapped her hard across her ass and told her to be still. He enjoyed the fear but the needless babbling was not going to be tolerated. She could beg him later. Now was not the time.

He grabbed Lily by her arms and tied her hands behind her and then brought the rope up around her neck and pulled tight. She struggled as she felt her air cut off. "This is what you will get if you give me any trouble, you understand Miss Lily? "

Her eyes bulged from their sockets and she frantically shook her head yes. He knew Brie was too passive to fight but Lily would need to be controlled a little for this to be enjoyable. He wanted to her to fight but he wanted her to fight him and not fight to get away. He wanted her fear and desperation aimed at him. He felt it now and it empowered him and he let the rope fall away.

Lily gasped for air and coughed as she took her first full breath. "You son of a bitch. We willingly came and stayed, why hurt us? We would have been willing to do more. I don't understand."

He took her by the throat and shoved her hard into the chair. He told her to stay and not move or Brie would be the one to feel pain from her movement. Lily started to say something more and thought better of it. She knew this was going to get bad and she didn't need to make it worse by making him angry.

She watched him carry Brie over and throw her onto the bed. Brie pulled herself up into a ball and tried to move out of his reach. He was on the bed and next to her so quickly, Lily was not sure she saw him climb up.

He pulled Brie to him and grabbed her hair. As he pulled her head back, he turned once to make sure Lily was remaining still, and then he turned back and sank his teeth into her neck. Brie screamed once and only struggled for a few seconds, and then her eyes glazed over. Lily said her name once softly. She waited, but her friend didn't answer. She heard him sucking against her skin and knew he had bitten her hard enough to draw blood. This guy was a real sicko and she would have to keep her head if they were going to leave this place.
