 Binoculars pressed to her eyes, she watched them close in, and form up against the far south barricade; it stood as a collection of old, rusted cars that had been meticulously pushed back and arranged to block the road from a potential herd of dead. Or slow down a large group of unwanted visitors. The spike posts which caught the straggling few of the stumbling, rotting pests had been taken down overnight which eliminated her hopes of a small group just looking to pass through. She watched as they examined the handiwork of whoever had claimed the Oasis Palms Resort--the "mote".

The crowded channel of slow-moving dead between the far barricade and the make-shift gate her husband had built their first year there to dissuade any unwanted company had truly been enough in the past to discourage any group of survivors from trying to loot the resort. Almost any. The resort itself looked like much, a promising yet lone structure atop a cliff reaching into the sky, along the rocky coast of Georgia. Nestled beneath it was a white sandy beach, which had been certainly the jewel of this location once upon a time, and just beyond that the jagged rocks which prevented any safe water evacuation. There was only one way in, and one way out... the path down to the final barricade and the bridge beyond it.

She tried to count them--somewhere between six, and eight. For all she knew, it could've been only a reconnaissance team. Charlotte drew back into her sanctuary ever so slowly, keeping low from the tinted windows of the trashed and dark lobby. As soon as she felt safely out of eye-shot she hurried down into the darkness alongside a massive chain of luggage, once assembled as a crude attempt to keep the dead from over-running some horrid night many, many years ago. As she disappeared into the dusty and quiet once luxurious halls of the resort, she swallowed the lump in her throat hard, her heart pumping wildly beneath her breast. Matthew had knocked out windows, smeared the blood of the dead in menacing threats, stacked and burned corpses along this foyer to ward away intruders. All of this in attempt to keep away any curious or desperate groups looking to loot the resort. If it looked as if it had been ransacked long ago no one would even bother. But it seemed the day had finally come.

She hurried to the farthest hall of the building, knowing well it would only be a day or so before those men came inside, and perhaps even claimed her quiet Eden as their own. The garden she tended, the crops and fruit bearing trees within the green house was well tended to, she grew enough to feed herself easily through most mild winters and now. Six years into the downfall of the human race, she knew well enough judging the late summer and fall whether she should ration provisions and begin to store and pickle what she could. The handful of chickens she kept clucked eagerly, trailing along behind after her as she crossed the foyer and moved into the southern tower of the resort.

It took them a year to get the generator on. It was their longest and farthest trip, to find fuel for it. At last she was nearing the end. The supply was down to about seven diesel barrels--which, if she were sparing could last a good three months. The hot showers, heat and air conditioning, the flat screen smart televisions with their expansive DVD collection were all welcome company for the end of the world. 

You would think that Charlotte would be happy, to finally have contact with other people. That was hardly the case. Not anymore. Before Matt disappeared he had become less and less conversational about his foraging attempts. It seemed to be wearing him down. He kept less and less associates and even came back with news of untimely demises of some of their 'neighbors'. He tried to protect her from sharing the grim news, but she insisted that he share the details and as the stories transformed from 'over-taken by the dead' to 'butchered while sleeping in their bed', and she knew that the world was changing. That humans were changing... and it was not for the better of the world.

She paused, moving beyond the desk to grab a few things vital to her initial escape plan. Provisions, ammunition, transportation. She gathered the inventory list to both the pantry and the store room, as well as the keys to several vehicles. She'd take whichever had a fuller tank. It would take her longest to move the harvest and secure enough fuel to get to the mountains of Northern Georgia. Matthew often talked of a cabin his family rented every other occasion that was cradled by a steam and natural spring, with plenty to hunt and fish for.

It wasn't the average Atlanta woman's dream come true but it had become her paradise once they finally exhausted the resort and moved on to more peaceful grounds. It was the place she expected to encounter the essence and soul of her lover, at the very lease. If Matt went anywhere once he left this existence she knew he would wait for her there and maybe then he could be at peace. It was supposed to be someplace permanent for them.

With haste she made her way to the elevator, and pushed aside the gate of the right most one, pulling the key from the pocket of her jeans and placing it in the slot before pressing the button for the fourth floor. Up the elevator went, far from as smooth as the day the resort had opened. Matt had a habit of being able to figure anything out with the proper resources, and it so happened the resort was made complete with a library. 

Self-sufficiency was a luxury, and a money saver, so it was a smart play on the billionaire asshole who had once owned the place. He serviced it every year or so, but he had been gone for just over two now, and it was beginning to show. Still, she needed to move quickly. She'd sleep in the car and make her break for it safely tonight. It was best to get ready right away and not avoid taking any chances. Worst case scenario was this needed to be done in twenty five minutes because they could be downright lunatics and rush inside in less than an hour, and she didn't want to stick around to find out what sort of people they were.

She began to gather her long, dark hair into one hand atop her head, the small cluster of silver despite her age along the left side an unintentional stylish accent. She was only twenty six, but living in zombie-land took it's toll on one's nerves and body. She gathered the loosely spiraled curls and tied them with her black band tightly, nervously tapping her boot against the plush carpet of the elevator and watching the sun linger over the ocean from the window pointing out over the sea.

As the elevator stopped she quickly stepped out and slipped into the second room to the left, drawing the curtains wide to let the sun in. She stuffed a few small note books into a large black duffel bag, anxiously grasping for an old pack of Marlboro's she had found not too long ago. She'd quit smoking the year it had began. It wasn't too hard. With live, fresh corpses lunging at you, clawing in massive crowds trying to tear your flesh from your bones it was easy to not want to waste time in any establishment for a pack of cigarettes.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Oz stood with his back to the cluster of home-made posts, bloodied pikes stained in the decay of caught, slow moving reanimated tourists a non too pleasant stench. He watched as his men lined the barrier of cars obviously set by some hard working fellows, the structure up an ominous sight. Ever so slowly rough fingertips scratched the dark stubble along his gaunt cheeks, narrow eyes the color of the deep, troubled sea concentrated on the front entrance, observing for signs of activity. There were many windows along the tower shattered out. Desk chairs littered the pavement below, some with corpses strapped to them. Oz scowled gently, not wanting to know whether or not the long decayed corpses were actually living or not when they were rocketed from the upper level windows. It wasn't easy tossing anything through said windows either, to his knowledge. Even if they were reanimated, what sort of person took pleasure in strapping them to chairs and rocketing them out of shatter-proof windows? 

Grafitti in black and red decorated the property, even some of the outside of the upper-level balconies. Severed heads of the reanimated decorated pikes leaving to the canopy car-port for the many visitors the resort was certain to draw. All of this, after one managed to make it through what appeared to be a wall of ravenous undead wedged between a several layers of self constructed chain link fence, and the barrage of old cars.

"It's dead. Zero activity... probably empty, yeah? Look at it." Colt's tone was sharp, harsh, and considerably tired.

Oz peered through the binoculars, stretching his gaze from the top of the structure to the bottom before drawing down to look at the man before him. The dark haired slightly younger man before him bore a sharp resemblance, though his hair buzzed a bit shorter--he kept it a little long up top and it swept naturally off to the right, a few strands often lingering in front of his piercing, icy gaze. Oscar was looking more the rough and rugged of he and his younger brother these days. Colt reported promptly, swinging his rifle up to rest against his shoulder as he waited for his brother's word on the place. Oz nodded gently, and took the binoculars away from his eyes, "Either that, orrrr.. nobody's home."

"Whoever had first hit here probably picked through it. It's big as fuck and probably a waste of time to try and forage. Looks bone dry from out here. Whatever happened here, man... it wasn't pretty. Could've been more than one 'whatever happened's from the look of this shit... let's just keep it moving. Raleigh is our best bet not some shit-hole on the beach--"

"Yeah. That's possible. It could be that whoever's set up here though is set up real nice. It's still a 300 mile trip to Raleigh, and that's if we can find enough fuel. It's getting colder at night. We need to resupply and get North quick, or get settled in... and pray to fucking god that Raleigh is even still operational when it starts to warm up again. It's been a month since we got a broad cast."

Colton scowled and slowly drew his bandana up and over his nose, the bloodied skeletal 'jaw' of the covering meant to intimidate.

"You're the boss, man."

It had been Colt's idea initially to make their way to the coast. When all hope of finding out what sort of disease was ravaging the nation had failed shortly after the outbreak, and it became obvious civilization was steadily back-peddling down the evolutionary ladder, finding a place to try and start a new life seemed the most sensible thing to do--to Oz at least. To his younger brother, it was more for the sake of familiarity. He came down from the Carolina's. Something about being near the ocean made things just a little less... apocalyptic. 

Both brothers had long accepted by now that there would be no recovery for the world they had left behind. They wouldn't wake up one day to find the Calvary had finally arrived to fight off the legions of walking dead and unstable living now inhabiting their earth, no, it was far too late for that. In fact, they had learned well enough to stay as far away from anyone government, or military, who seemed these days to be even more deadly to their existence than the Walkers.

As months swept by, the survivors they encountered grew more and more hostile. Eventually, after having not one, but two new additions to the group attempt to turn on them and lay claim to their goods--the weapons and ammunition they had began to stock-pile--Oz had made a difficult however necessary executive decision of no longer allowing outsiders to join their group. All members were under direct orders to ignore requests for assistance from any other survivors, and if necessary, use deadly force to protect themselves and members of their group against a threat. He regretted the last bit. In the last few weeks especially, it seemed his boys had been increasingly vicious in their methods of driving away potential threats... especially since, in Oz's eyes, a few of those 'threats' had only been frightened people killed while fleeing for their lives. 

It was hard to keep the men focused. The world was changing and their encounters became more brief. Leads to sanctuary turned up empty, or turned into dangerous encounters with unsavory characters who only had the intention of collecting bodies, or stacking corpses and collecting weapons.

If they rested here for a while, nestled on the outskirts of Savannah with the ocean to their backs, almost everyone in the group might sleep just a little easier with only having one direction to have to keep an eye on. Maybe they could wind down from their survival instincts and enjoy camaraderie. Not have to worry about making it to the next day. Their little corner of campground on Jekyll Island a mile and a half up the way just beyond the bridge was bountiful in not only wildlife, but endless fishing from the pier behind them, sure, but who knew what luxuries could still be in tact in an obviously self-sufficient vacation Resort.

"We'll do a sweep." Oz relayed the directions to his brother, pulling from his day-dream of a much needed rest. The men were weary. They needed some simple comforts, a reminder of better times. Colton's dead-pan expression told him everything he needed to know of his brother's opinion of it. It was too much space, too risky, very low reward, The place could be bone dry, picked over by scavengers a million and one times. 

"You see that, right there?" He gestured to the fence where his group had assembled, piking the dead through their fragile skulls one by one. "That's all the proof I need that somebody's made this base, and they've probably got a good little treasure pile to guard. We'll sweep now, recon at sundown. Seeing as nobody's come out guns blazing they might be out themselves. I want to take survivors. Clear our their supplies, cut 'em loose on our way out... nobody needs to die."

"You're the boss." Colt said flatly, shrugging as he backed away and threw a set of fingers up to his temple before heading to aid in clearing the crude 'mote' of zombies from their path. Nobody ever needed to die, but well... the men were bored. Some of them scarred by previous encounters--perhaps their mechanic more than anyone. At one point he had all but been a prisoner of war before traveling down from Detroit with Oz. There was no telling if the trigger happy group might just need to "vent" on some psychopathic hostiles. Hell, the boys might just think they were doing the world a favor.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This was a different matter than running for your life from fresh live reanimated corpses. There were people--actual live people, who were organized and possibly dangerous, coming into her home of six years... right now. She placed one of the cigarettes between her lips and flicked the lighter, the end igniting, inhaling deeply while she continue to gather her personals. Only the most important--a few old photos, her iPod, her CDs, several important maps of the area she was headed to. She tucked her pocket taser into her back pocket. She stuffed what essential clothing she had into Matt's old service pack--the thick hide and durable space double that of a regular back-pack, making it easy to fit her modest wardrobe inside. 

She carefully tugged down the ever so slightly dirty white tank top down against her gently toned yet soft stomach, her ample, full breasts snug beneath. Charlotte next moved to slide one of Matt's old band shirts over top it before finally putting on his leather jacket. He told her long ago that if it came to leaving, she needed to present herself as close to masculine as possible--androgynous, if she could.

She quickly brought slim fingers up to twist her ponytail into a tight bun atop her head and secure it with a dangerously sharp pin. She slid her husband's beanie onto her head as well as his second-favorite pair of goggles, and finally placed her fingers firmly inside of a pair of black leather gloves. As she hoisted her machete strap firmly over her chest so that the weapon was easily accessed from her back with her right hand, her pack was swung over her back hastily. With one final glance over the suite she had called home for the longest, she glanced to the sleek silver band and the sparkling diamond in the center, and whispered ever so gently, "Goodbye..."

As she exited the suite, her watch beeped twice. She just hit the fifteen minute mark. She had ten minutes to get what food she could and get to the vehicle.

Determination ablaze in her warm coffee-toned eyes, Charlie rushed down the hall and back to the elevator, mashing the button down several times impatiently. She tapped her foot again, an anxious habit. The flutter in her stomach was alight, and churned as she tried to muster her courage for this moment. So much bad could come from leaving the resort. Even if she knew she couldn't possibly live there forever, the timing was awful--they were on the brink of the change of seasons, and the world was a fearful place now. More than ever without Matthew. 

The greatest joy in the world though was thinking that he might still be alive, and that he knew where she would go. He might have made it there, and could have been waiting for her. Knowing him it was unlikely. He would have came back for her. She often fantasized about situations in where he simply had been forced to wait for her to arrive there. It eased the loneliness, and pain, so much more than thinking of what had become of him.

She half jogged her way down the hall to the cafeteria with her supplies, hurrying inside, ever so slightly winded. She'd abandoned the cigarette back just beyond the elevator, half smoked and half burned away in her trembling grasp as she spaced out and tried not to drag her mind down the dark paths of an unfortunate encounter with her uninvited guests. Slender digits grasped the edges of the sack Matthew had prepared not long before his disappearance with the packaged rations they'd obtained at a military evacuation camp years ago. It was the longest lasting of the food items. 

Charlie moved the dolly out of the kitchen and loaded the sack on it with trained accuracy, as well as the remaining four cases of water stored for emergency evacuation. Now significantly slower than she had come down from her suite, she made her way on out toward the greenhouse to gather a few fresh items, and her seed satchel. Leaving the dolly just outside, Charlotte pushed aside the glass sliding door and disappeared inside, breathing fondly the warm moist air of her greenhouse perhaps for the last time.

She hurried through the herbs, checking for the ripest vegetables--the squash were especially treasured this time of year. She plucked apples from the tree in the far side of her greenhouse, pausing to stoop down and gather some of the soft soil in her hands. She smeared it gingerly against her cheeks, and knuckles, hoping to further assume the appearance of a scrawny young man rather than a gaunt, lone female.

Quickly Charlie gathered both ripe and green tomatoes, dug out a ginger root, a few bulbs of garlic and two bags of potatoes that were stored here, loading this all (along with her service pack, and duffel bag) onto the dolly. Her last stop was the armory. She fished the key from the right breast of her bra and placed it tenderly between her teeth, prepared to swallow it should she come across trouble on her way. The last thing she wanted to do was supply another group of lunatics the tools they needed to wage terror and destruction on the last of them.
