 The twinge of smoldering wood tickled her nostrils. She drew in a slow, stinging breath of it, coughing in desperation to clear her lungs of the smoke of the burning oak branches choked her. Her eyes snapped open, a soft gasp escaping her lips as she writhed in pain. She had hit the ground, hard, and her head felt as if someone had very literally tried to crack it in two.

Dark, thick lashes fluttered as she tried to focus her vision. Her eyelids were heavy, a cheek pressed hard to red clay, bits of gravel biting into her flesh. As the woman stirred, she felt the throb of her head rocket into piercing pain, racing through her body from the tender point of origin, at her temple. A soft whimper swelled, instinct driving her to shift her hands to aide her in standing, realizing immediately how impossible that would be. Her hands had been secured firmly behind her back, and judging by the numb tingling sensation she had been like this for at least an hour.

The strength of whatever they had tied her with wouldn't allow her to wriggle her wrists free. She wasn't getting out of this without a blade. Calm down... Her thoughts urged her. Calm down-don't panic... you.. you have to think...  She felt tears welling in her eyes as she begin to struggle in panic, a soft sob smothered between her lips as she heavy steps and the soft stir of voices. Laughter. She squeezed her eyes shut as they came closer, praying they noticed nothing out of sorts. She fell still... deathly still.

"Scrawny 'lil shit, ain't he?"

"Probably why they left him behind. He's big enough to fire off, if he needs to... pequeño was packing some serious punch in that Prius, too. You check him good?" Lorenzo stopped before their presumed captive, and stooped down to get a better look at the wound on his head, dabbing at it gently with a wet cloth. It was everything Charlotte had not to wince too visibly, holding a pained breath. "Psh, sure as fuck clocked him good... don't think it was necessary, ese."

"He ain't have nothin' but a blade at his ankle, a taser in his back pocket and a machete on his back. Mousy lil' fuck ain't cuttin' through nothin' livin', that's for sure. I ain't want him lettin' all his buddies know we were camped out on the other side of the pond... eh, he'll live. I ain't hit him in the jaw neither, so he can talk when he comes to."

"Maybe.. if he's by his self we should drag him to Raleigh... he don't look too well fed. Lil skinny thing like him could be good for getting into places we can't too, on the way. Good for supply sweeps. Maybe his boys ran into some trouble, never came back?"

"He'll tell us what he knows, soon enough." The mellow tones of their second in command mused, an edge of irritation still lacing his deep voice as he walked passed and glanced down to their captive, hands shifting to rest on the bullet-laced belt around his waist. His eyes shot to Ricky. "He looks pretty young. Where there's boys, there's the dear women who bore them... if we're lucky."

"Luck is there'll be more than one. I don't like to share." Ricky stated dryly and grabbed the back of Dog's hooded jacket as he passed, a wild grin spreading across his lips, causing the younger male to stumble back and slide his lanky arms from the jacket to free himself from falling or being pulled in too close. He drew his knife in moments and raised his chin defiantly, flicking the rugged older man off.

"No woman's gonna wanna touch your crazy ass anyways!" Lorenzo's bemused words turned into a full on laugh as he watched his companions around the fire. The Dog took a swing at the older man, who stepped back, and easily caught his fist in his own. Danny dropped his knife from his hand and whipped it around to brandish a bony middle finger square in scarred face of his mentor quite crudely. The leather jacket dropped over Charlotte's head, disturbing her beanie and goggles, causing her to grit her teeth hard and curse inwardly hoping they didn't pull it off of her and further expose her.

"For a lil' shit with no tongue you sure as fuck cuss me out all the time-where ya put the smokes, boy?"

A languid shrug was his response, and he gestured with a lazy wave to the un-moving Charlotte on the ground, suggesting the other youngster in the group had confiscated them. Ricky laughed, glancing down for a second before back up to see the Dog offering him a set of the stale cancer sticks with a comical, sweeping bow.

"Yeah sure, blame the new kid... you ain't shit, gone-git!" 

Danny reached down to swipe his jacket from atop the other boy, looking down at the youngster's face, but only for a split second... almost sympathetically. He quickly reached down and tugged the other youngster's hat down firmly so that his little ears weren't met with the cold night air lazily stalking off into the darkness with ever so quiet steps. He was entirely oblivious that his hunting knife was now missing from the breast of his jacket.

"And for your information, ess-eyy, I probably had more ass in a week than you in your entire life."

"Family members don't count-ouch-cabron! Chupa mi pinga-ahahaha, fucker!" The mechanic flung an empty glass bottle at Enzo, who ran off toward the Humvee, the soft drumming of old-school rock radiating quietly from it. Just beyond was the rest of the caravan-the black RV that the brothers shared and the Dodge Yuri had come along in. The little green Prius their unwilling guest had tried to sneak off with in the night was nestled, with all of it's boon, in the center of the caravan in the event that their little captive happened to get loose and tried to make a dash for it.

As the men cleared away from her, Charlie opened her eyes. The fire wasn't too far off, and the knife was eased just beneath her and out of sight. Getting it back around to her hands and getting the zip-tie cut was going to be the real struggle.

Back one of them came, and she shut her eyes quickly once more. Her head was pounding. Everything sounded a little off. She wanted to know who, as the steps stopped, and she could feel the presence lurking over her. A set of hands gently grasped the edge of her jacket, lifting her gently and shifting her onto her back.

The fingers dipped just beneath her body, poking and prodding a bit before shifting to the zipper of her jacket, and tugging it down quickly. From there nimble digits gently probing the inner workings of the leather coat and then, just as quickly as they were there, they were gone. They reappeared to check her jean pockets, so subtle she might have barely noticed if she was just walking past whoever was frisking her now... and they disappeared once more. Cold fingertips teased her calf and ankle, and the soles of her boots, and then, there was nothing. No sound, no breath. Within' moments she heard footsteps darting off, back into the darkness of the forest along the shore of the canal.

Her fingertips tightened around the knife as she struggled to her side and began to press it against the solid plastic digging against her skin. She gritted her teeth and drew in a deep breath, wriggling her digits as much as possible in an attempt to saw at the material. It was hell. Her fingers were numb and her wrists stung with every rough motion. Adrenaline pumped, making Charlie feel ever so slightly queasy, her heart pounding in her ears and as she tried to keep herself focused. All the while, her breath increased, and she felt the blade kiss her flesh twice now sharply, hardly noticing the soft treading of feet.

She was brought to her own quite suddenly by the forearms, biting her tongue sharply to hold in the soft gasp of surprise, and found herself being pressed forward and away from the campfire. A bright light shown just up ahead and she could vaguely make out a dark grey and black door, which swung open to a dimly lit, immaculate modern lounge. The knife was grasped by the young man who had whisked her off through the darkness, carefully slicing through the binds before disappearing into the breast pocket of Danny's jacket once more. Charlie turned her head ever so slightly to glance back at him, observing his smirked and a playful wink of his cool hazel eyes before he shoved the other roughly toward the lounge sofa. As those brown eyes shot back at him venomously, he grinned, black hair haphazard before his gaze as he mouthed the word with a firm jab of his pointer finger. "Sit."

"Who are you!" Charlie snapped with her best attempts at turning a silky, soft voice into that of a young man in his teens faltered with the slight screech that laced her desperate demand. Danny stared at her for a moment before his shoulders rose and fell, and he hastily turned and and exited the RV, leaving Charlotte to rub her wrists tenderly for several moments.

The light in the RV was on a timer, so after perhaps three hours of sitting in the camper waiting for something to happen, Charlie found herself awaken by sudden, blinding lights. She almost forgot what artificial lights looked like. She kept the lights off and bulbs removed in the suite. Before her now in very real and threatening reality pair of very serious looking men. They were taller than her by a head easily.. one obviously older, quite a bit and the other perhaps closer to her age. She observed them nervously, but slowly, one at a time.

The older of them seemingly more calm and collected in the moment, and the younger amused, and rather impatient. He rested his hand gently at his holstered gun on his hip, a belt of bullets holding faded well fit Levi's in their place. A black bandana hung at his neck, a well fitting and cared for black leather jacket dressing his torso. 

The older man too was armed... but not with a firearm. A sword hung on his waist. It appeared to be quite formidable, with a thick blade and solid polished stone hilt. His hair was unkempt and stubble lined his strong jaw, but he wore a gentle, non-threatening smile, and his arms hung freely. He meant no harm... his eyes looked tired.

The younger man with shorter ever so slightly spiked dark hair leaned against the door of the camper slowly, and crossed his arms over his chest, almost as if daring Charlie to try and make a run for it.

"Let me apologize for how my man treated you out there." Oz started, slowly, seeking eye contact with what appeared to be a rather dirty and roughed up youngster.

"It's just, well.. you come on out, loaded up in a car with a bunch of stuff inside all dark and secretive, and we can't help but to wonder what you're out there for?" Oz started slowly, and moved the desk chair away from the desk, keeping a reasonable distance between himself and their guest. "It's after sundown, and you leave a place that looks pretty gnarly from back here. You could've been a suicide bomber for all we knew. He was only taking precautions."

Her eyes shifted slowly to Colton once more despite the slow and almost friendly tone Oz addressed her in, the soft chuckle he threw in to try and lower her defenses. Colton, standing at the door, flashed straight white teeth in a sneer and stared into Charlotte's eyes. "You're not... leaving."

"Hey-listen, nobody's holding you hostage, here... okay? Relax. You'll be able to go on back home, just as soon as you tell us what you were doing... where your family is. We just need to talk to you. We need for you to be very, very honest with us. Do you understand?"

Fooling a teenager, or younger man, was easy. But she couldn't quite find her voice in this moment. These were grown, seemingly intelligent and dangerous men she was dealing with now. She felt numb almost, unable to think, or remember what it was she had to do-realizing very much how royally fucked she now was. How badly she needed Matt here with her. Her best bet was to hope they believed she was at the resort alone and that she had left majority of her supplies there, and only took enough to get where she needed to go... nothing more or less.

"You can just nod, or shake your head if that's easier for you."

She nodded her head with the suggestion perhaps a bit more vigorously than she intended, and stopped on a dime when she realized how nervous she truly was. Her teeth clenched hard, and she settled her eyes on Oz now, who easily seemed to be the person she needed to win over in this moment.

"Now... the resort up there on the hill, how long have you been up there?"

Charlie trained her eyes nervously on Oz, and uttered in a low voice just above a whisper. "Six years."

Colt smothered a chuckle, and Oz short him a sharp leer. "Jesus Christ... just holed up the whole time? I guess that's... actually smart. Probably nothing much left in there though, huh? Where are your friends?"

"I don't have any friends-"

"Bullshit-"

"Skully." Oz snapped at him sharply, and in an instant the RV door opened. Colton disappeared, closing it none too gently behind him in a clear expression of temper and more than likely a regular thing... he clashed with Oz, more often than not, be. The space seemed instantly less tense without the younger man present.

Oz focused again on the now shaken looking teenager.

"Again, I apologize. Manners escape my brother when faced with a potential threat. We don't usually make too many, uh.. 'friends'.. as we travel these days. Judging by the graffiti, your group's idea of fun-that real fucked up wall of zombies your friends set up-?"

"That was Matt..." 

Charlie swallowed hard and spoke up firmly. She waited for a moment before speaking again, "He destroyed the north tower after the groups around us were murdered.. or ran. Kept the people who did it away. I can't really remember my last trip out. Two years ago? Maybe three?"

The quiet voice of the young man was almost.. sweet. So much sorrow beneath it. Oz read his youth, and determined that he was telling him the truth. He was much too frightened, or agitated at this point to lie, and seemed the farthest thing from the hostile offspring of a deranged group of lunatics he was half expecting. He regretted letting his trigger happy team treat him so viciously.

"Right. So, there's one other at least. Who is Matt, to you... your brother? The rest of your group, what're their names?"

"There's no one. It was just us. We were family." Tears began to well within' her eyes, her slim fingers balling into small fists against her thighs. "It's just me now." Her voice was low, a gruff, almost whisper of a thing. She tried to throw some manner of an accented twist to it, and hope the man didn't stare too long at her face. Emotion rang raw in her tones, and she quickly moved her gloved hands to rub the tears from her eyes, careful not to push the soil rubbed onto her cheeks into her gaze.

There was silence after that, and the man's deep, dark blue eyes focused on her for a long few moments before he nodded his head very slowly.

"I see..."

Charlie licked her lips after another extended moment of silence and shifted on the soft felt of the couch, uncomfortably, her fingertips drumming now at her thighs as she pushed her thoughts of her lost love to the farthest most places of her brain. The stillness between them was broken finally with a slow and uncertain phrase.

"I'm sorry for your loss. We all lose these days though, don't we?" Oz stood up, and slid the chair back into it's place.

"Well, we aren't planning to set up here. Winter's on its way. We're headed up north believe it or not to the location we were given from a community established, in Raleigh. The cold slows the reanimated down, so that's always a bonus... you are more than welcome to join us, young man, if you're truly by yourself. I hope you won't mind that we've secured some of your supplies, for the cause. I'm sure you understand. It's nothing personal. This might be the last standing civilization here in America though. We might just be the ones responsible for saving the human race. They will need as many of us as can reach them."

"T-thank you." Her stuttered words were blurted hastily. She knew better than to argue, to pick a fight with this man, or any of them for that matter. She expected to lose the supplies, but Charlie knew deep down she suffered to lose far more if these men were the sort of men Matthew encountered on his last foraging trips

"I'll see to something strong, for that, with no due." Oz gestured to the tender wound upon her head. "You're welcome to bunk in the back room, tonight, as you're our guest. Tomorrow.. I think I would like for you to give us a tour of the resort. It actually looks like we might be able to rig something up and enjoy some fancy living for a little while, before we head north."

The words were a bit distorted once again, and Charlie found herself staring at the man before her, the room slowly starting to turn itself upside down. His brow furrowed, and she reached out gently, breath stirring ever so slightly. The man had grasped her wrists to keep her from falling forward and gently tugged her to her feet.

"Hey, whoa... easy-come on. I think you got hit a little harder than you realize."

"N-no.. no I'm... I got it... I can... I..." Her voice trailed off as consciousness slipped away, and Oz easily lifted Charlie up, holding her as he might carry a child. He carried her on back into the room and set her gently on the bed, turning and heading back toward the door, glancing back at the wound and debating for a moment whether or not removing the beanie and goggles and tending that gash was something he wanted to do. He turned and headed on out nevertheless-he would have Enzo check it out, as their resident Medic he was far better equipped to handle it. Probably better to have him checked out quickly. Slash might have given the poor boy a concussion, hitting him with the butt of his rifle like that.

...Someone was touching her.

Someone was touching her!

Charlie jerked her mind out of it's haze with a pained and disapproving groan, attempting to shove away and swat at the hands holding her head groggily. How long was she out? Not long it would appear. She was tired, genuinely so... her day of pushing and pulling and hauling and sneaking had come to an abrupt halt. She tried pushing herself up onto her elbows, only to be met with resistance-strong, wide palms trying to guide her back down. The petite, fiesty woman struggled weakly and growled at whoever was trying to keep her still, finding her tongue lashing now. "No!-no no, h-hey.. hey! What are you doing, get OFF me!"

"Sssssh! Cállate, pequeño-hush up, hush-hey! Nobody's on you, man! Stay still!" Lorenzo scowled as Charlie kept attempting to rise from the bed. He didn't want to hurt the kid, so he pressed a hand down on his chest, and waited for him to be still. She shut her eyes with a huff, and felt something cool slowly trickle against the open wound at her temple, hissing aloud as the sting of the peroxide caught her off guard. It soon numbed away into a dull prang. "Ow... ouch.." She whimpered. Lorenzo rolled his eyes.

"Man up. Gotta clean it." He encouraged. Slash had hit him far harder than he needed to, no doubt the boy was probably both feet off the ground flying with the blow. He tried not to think about it, and dabbed with a cotton ball the space, gloved hands examining the skin.

"Clean cut. Stitch or two should take care of it. Do yourself a favor and stop squirming."

"Who are you?" Her eyes were a bit bloodshot, now, but wide open. She found herself looking up at a youthful looking man of Hispanic descent. The stress was obviously etched around his eyes and the semi-permanent brooding frown he wore. But weren't they all stressed, these days? Enzo didn't look down to her, just foraged through his bag for the supplies-a sterile surgical set, and sutures.
