 Oz didn't remember how long it had been since he'd stepped into an actual shower. They bathed typically in rivers or lakes, with boiled water in a basin, more often than not. If you wanted to take the time to invent something more luxurious you were more than welcome to, but they rarely stayed put long enough to do so. As expected, some weeks bathing was more of a luxury than anything else. All of the men had known an uncomfortable time in the steady decline of humanity in which they had to lay their head down to rest feeling grimy, sweaty, bloody or just all around unclean.

The water flowed down his body from the point it struck him at his shoulders, palms of his strong hands resting on the back of his neck as the his mellow blue gaze settled on solid stone floor beneath, the glass door of the shower shut securely. It was nice, he couldn't lie. It felt oddly like a dream. The soft artificial lights, the shower with its steaming hot water--the entire suite felt fake, as if he were sleeping.

Maybe the virus had made a come back, and he had fallen ill and was hallucinating? Maybe he'd gotten shot in his sleep and died and gone to purgatory. This room was some three hundred dollar a night beaut in a palace by the sea, he was certain it had drew people in year round in its glory days, nestled snug overlooking the ocean close to the quaint locations of the Georgia coast. This had to be limbo, or a step below eternal paradise, right?

He remembered his family had visited Jekyll Island many times in his late teens--his mother had family in Savannah who often vacationed here. He was almost surprised Colton had even remembered. He had only been a boy then and not long after, Oz was no longer in his life even.

He had waited until everyone else had taken their turn to shower to lessen the load on the generator, and the pump system which filtered water from the lagoon. As his men settled into their rooms he hoped they began to finally wind down. They'd been here at the resort for the better part of the day. Not much a peep out of their young host, Charlie. There was much more to that one than he let be known but Oz knew better than anyone that everyone had their secrets in the end of the world.

The wrong sort of secrets may get you killed, though. He didn't have to tell the Dog to keep an eye on him, the other young man seemed to have taken to Charlie, which was no surprised. They didn't come across too many younger people in their travels, it was probably exciting for him to have someone to relate to for once.

Both were at least over eighteen, and he knew that encountering people this long after with older children was very rare indeed. Babies this day did not often fair well, or last long. They had encountered only two newborns this year. The first well guarded by mother, father and family. They were a fearful quick moving group, who met them at a stand off traveling opposite directions down the highway. They moved on too quickly to be informed that there was nothing lying behind them, where they were headed. And not too long after, a lone woman and baby, who avoided them entirely. Dog had confirmed it after trailing her for a short while--they heard the baby crying all through the forest. He didn't doubt they were both dead now. It bothered him, very much so... the human race was on the brink of extinction, but what could be done?

A crying baby had no place in the dangerous, dead infested wilderness and ruins of civilization, the sound would attract the reanimated like flies. You had to stay in one place to do that, and in order to stay in one place, you needed manpower, supplies, structural integrity and defense against the enemies who sought to take all of that from you. He didn't much believe in a God anymore, but he prayed that Raleigh was the community they had been seeking for the better part of three years. They boasted a strong, secure community with military presence and health personnel. He could only pray that they remained.

The men had arranged themselves on the ground floor, with a set of them setting up a post in a northern tower suite facing the street they had cleaned out as best they could, that way they could pass the information along of anyone returning home--or another group approaching, and keep an eye on the Humvee. The other vehicles at their camp just beyond the bridge had been camouflaged with foliage as safe measure, rather than stack all of them in the front drive, and make it obvious someone was here.

He guided the complimentary hotel bar of "moisture infused bullshit" soap over sun-kissed flesh still lingering from the hard and hot summer, all along firm muscles of a fit physique, with dedicated focus to his groin and underarms. After shampooing his hair, the flecks of silver easily telling of his age and the stressful existence after the fall of mankind, he rinsed himself thoroughly and stepped out of the shower, rubbing the lengthy bristles along his cheeks and chin contemplatively.

He had only just turned forty six this summer past, yet had always kept himself in good physical condition. He wiped the perspiration from the large mirror, a fluffy white towel draping over his shoulders, mellow blue eyes traveling the variety of silvery scars marring his torso. Not all of them had come after the virus surged through the country, the newest still tinged red and raw as the scar tissue settled. Lorenzo had dug bullets out, stitched him up, helped him reset a dislocated shoulder and then some... far more inflicted by the living than the dead.

He quickly grabbed for the clean white cotton short sleeved shirt, a bit too snug for his toned physique. Beggars couldn't be choosers, there was a lot of luggage left behind, but not much worth wearing inside.

Colton was probably waiting for him, and he knew how his brother could be if made to wait for too long. He slid into a pair of black boxer briefs quickly, habit driving him to slip back on the same pair of relaxed fit Levi's he had on the night before. He laced his boots, put his leather coat on, and set out for the basement--it was where the generator was.

The generator room was loud, as to be expected, maybe even louder because the generator parts were in desperate need of lubricator. It was massive. Oz didn't know much, but he knew enough to make out the key components--the exhaust system, the compressed air tank which helped to start and keep the generator running smoothly, and the fuel tank.

It seemed better suited to supply a small hospital facility and reminded him of an educational trip to a nuclear plant he had taken--only there were not just one diesel generator in a nuke plant, there were several of these rooms. It smelled of fuel, and something old and harsh like burning kerosene. No doubt, the youth who resided here probably didn't know much about the generator other than it was big, it needed compressed air to start and so it needed to stay running, and the barrels needed to be in a specific place in order for it to run correctly. 

There were many, many barrels--not six years worth of them in the slightest but he assumed with only two young men living here, it would stretch a long time--it couldn't be too much trouble to refill them either if one could find a still existing supply of diesel fuel. And, as expected, Skully was waiting on him, standing aside the diesel barrels.

"It's in decent condition--I'm guessing that smell is the exhaust pipes. They look bad, definitely need cleaned." Skully began impatiently, "Judging by what it's got in there already, it's gone from here--to here--since we arrived. I've done the math. Hot water and lights every day for two weeks, on half a barrel."

"How many are left?"

"Not many... enough for a few months. The Kid's telling the truth, judging by this room. Couldn't have been many people here, otherwise there wouldn't be anything left. They got into the habit of rationing and probably only use the power when they really needed it. The entire resort runs on this generator..."

Oz crossed his arms gently, examining his brother's expression. There was a certain air of discontent to Colton. He hadn't seemed to relax much despite the ample luxuries they had luckily encountered following his own idea on their way north from Florida. They were more comfortable than they had been in weeks, and here his brother was... antsy, impatient and irritated.

"This isn't bad, Colt. The odds of finding a place like this unoccupied were slim to none, and here we are... it's got running, hot water, egyptian cotton sheets, safety and security with the ocean at our backs. What's got you bothered?"

"I don't want to get into this..." The low hiss of words left his brother's lips. Colton gave as he pushed a hand through his hair, sliding back to massage his neck in irritation, his eyes meeting the older man's.

"I don't think we needed to stop here. Raleigh's our destination, it might actually be a decent fucking community, and I want to be back into civilization. Living out here, constantly on the move with little to hunt or scavenge and fucking lunatics at every potential rest point? It really starts to fuck with you, after a while. You see it. We all feel it."

Silence settled between the brothers after Colton's ultimatum. Oz rested his weight to the right leg, and nodded his head gently, in understanding.

"I know it was my idea, but I feel like you're pushing staying here because you're expecting we might still have some family, or some of your childhood friends are hanging around--it's not happening, Oz. You came down from Detroit for Christ's fucking sake--I came from South Carolina!--not one fucking person I've ever known has ever crossed my path only two states over so what makes you think--"

"You're wrong, that isn't why I stopped us here--and this was your idea, Colton. I didn't stop here for any other reason than it was what you suggested we do, and look at what we've found!" Oz cut the younger man off sharply. The tension seemed to rise there as Skully narrowed his eyes ever so slightly, holding his brother's gaze.

"No one we knew is still here. Our mother? Dead. Father... dead. All our aunts and uncles? Dead." Skully kicked over a barrel as the situation escalated, seemingly more aggravated by the moment that Oz was ever so calm, and fucking smug over there with that ever condescending look on his face. "That bitch you liked to hang around when we vacationed every summer in Savannah--Kathryn? Dead."

"I'm not looking for anyone." Oz stated firmly.

"Could've fucking fooled me--why are we still here then? Why are we even down here, and not gearing up to move? The diesel here can run the hummer for miles and get us where we're going. I need space, we're a good team but there needs to be more than life than having a group ready to lay down cover fire while you battle live psychopaths over scraps of the past."

"We found a kid here, and supplies--good supplies, Skully, that will get us where we're going. We're not here for no reason. And we don't have to stay..." Skully groaned, raising his hands into the air and dropping them down onto his head.

"So what the fuck are we now, the national guard?! Search and rescue? One teenager isn't worth the shit storm we could've walked into. You're getting reckless, old man... I hope you know that."

--------------

Charlotte was up entirely too early, having slept rather... unusually the night before. Her head was still reeling a bit at the phantoms of her dreams, heart a flutter with adoration and in painful agony simultaneously. Her pretty mocha colored eyes were puffy and swollen from crying.

It had been an incredibly long time since she dreamt of Matthew in any way but panicked and terrifying final moments. She felt in her mind the chaotic throws of morality that her dreams had delved into such a lascivious direction. She missed him, oh now she missed him, and to wake feeling as if he had been holding her in his arms all night was bittersweet and almost sickening. Waking with wet panties and a longing for human contact she hadn't felt in an incredibly long, long time could only be considered disrespectful to her husband, with a group of men now present.

She used her discomfort as fuel. As she shook sleep and lusty thoughts from her consciousness she realized how genuinely shitty she felt all on her own. She was stiff, sore, with her shoulders tense and a pounding headache... but still, this was a perfect opportunity to get out and retrieve her personal effects from her getaway car, at the least.

Perhaps she could get away entirely? She welcomed distance between herself and the men presently camped in her tower helping themselves to her store of food and supplies. Charlie knew the resort far better than these men, and dressed in black under the cloak of darkness, she moved in swiftness and stealth.

Oz had yet to return her weapons, but Charlie still had a few last ditch tricks up her sleeve, yet. She stopped at the weak link in the old car barricade she had earlier pushed aside, climbing in and reaching into the pocket along the back of the passenger seat. A 9mm pistol had been stashed with a full clip here, should something go wrong while Matt tended the 'mote', a long time ago. She had almost forgotten. Upon retrieving it she tucked it carefully into her jacket breast pocket in the event she would need it.

The stench of decay, of long rotting flesh was cause to want to grab the emergency weapon and be on her way, quickly, covering her nose with the glove of her jacket in futile attempt to block the stench. It was almost eye watering. It had been too long since she'd been near one of them, they reeked far more than she recalled, months worth of decay had gone... granted, there wasn't much left but flattened puddles of old blackened blood and rubbery flesh where the reanimated had fallen. The hummer rolling over earlier definitely didn't help.

She was out, navigating her way around the towers rather than through the courtyard, and she got over the bridge just as the sun began to rise, casting an ample eye behind her at regular intervals. As quiet as she had been sneaking out, Charlie was almost certain someone knew she was out here, and she needed to be quick if she wanted to avoid causing alarm.

As she came upon the campsite she was relieved to find all vehicles still as they were left. The drivers window was still down, thankfully, and everything still inside it appeared--except for the weapons. They, along with the keys, had been removed. A moment of disappointment crossed her only to be quickly extinguished as she remembered the car, once a rental, had a spare set of keys in the glove box. There wasn't a damn thing to stop her from speeding the hell off, right now!

The woman rushed to the Prius and craned inside, stopping suddenly as she saw the small indicator flash. They'd set the alarm back... of course they had. They probably expected Charlotte might make an attempt to leave especially with how paranoid they had been over her being here with a group. A frustrated huff escaped her lips as she debated the likeliness of fitting herself inside by climbing through the window, shifting to place a hand on her hip--ugh, she already felt uncomfortable just thinking about it. The glass was valuable so she decided against shooting out a window to have easier access.

Behind her she heard the rustle of leaves, the crunch of gravel. She'd felt eyes on her the entire time and so she knew what it was immediately. She righted her posture. Her head was covered by the beanie, the goggles absent today and slim fit jeans perhaps a bit telling, but the leather jacket and the few layers of shirt beneath a sports bra that was a tad too snug helped her play her role well. Again, a well placed smudge of red Georgia clay on her cheek helped, along with dirty palms and fingernails.

She kept the gun tucked away, securely, turning a bit to watch her tail draw near. Part of her had been anticipating the youngest member of the group... she couldn't be so lucky. The man approaching now looked a lot different, so much she almost thought he was yet another member of the group.

It wasn't as if she had gotten too good a look at him the first few times they 'met'. She knew his hair was a blond so light it looked silver almost, and was not only long but ever so slightly unruly. He'd cut it a bit at the top so the wild waves flowed freely, buzzed the sides, and got rid of the rough beard he'd been sporting. His eyes were a startling, almost translucent shade of green, even more wild not buried beneath jagged spikes and tufts of blond hair. Being clean shaven he now looked to be around the same age as the younger of the brothers she had become well acquainted with.

The hatchet with the bison bone handle hung at his hip along a black gun holster. The firearm itself had been left behind in what Charlie could only assume was the only pacifistic invitation she would receive to return to the group. Odd choice of diplomat, she found herself thinking begrudgingly, her expression giving her thoughts away with how intensely her dark eyes watched him close the gap. She slowly stepped away from the Prius as to not be trapped against it should he try and suddenly attack her. His posture was lax, a languid slightly crooked grin tugging his lips as he rose thin fingered hands into the air in mock surrender.

"Easy there, kid--man I'll tell ya, if looks could kill! My ass'd be dead on the ground! Chill pipsqueak, I ain't gonna hurt ya... wasn't even nothin' personal first time, just had to be sure you weren't on some psycho kamikaze blowin' up bridges shit." He tried not to laugh as the "boy" narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms. He had damn near an entire foot over the little guy! What did he really think he was going to do to him in return for those couple stitches? Laughter threatened the older man's throat but he swallowed it down and curled his thumbs at his belt loops. The dog tags around his neck jingled gently as he shifted his weight from one foot to the other.

"We ain't gotta be friends but it is what it is. Better safe than dead."

Charlie said nothing, not yet, her eyes still trained wearily on her unpredictable acquaintance. She was waiting to see if he had a reason to be here... As the silence settled though and the encounter turned into a far more awkward staring contest she expelled a deep breath and mumbled, quietly, "Did they send you to bring me back?"

"Huh? ...Oh. Nah, kid. Bossman is busy and Skully's with 'im... They got more important things to worry about than watchin' kids."

"I'm twenty-six." Charlie snapped quickly. It was probably just a guy thing to call younger men shit like 'kid' and 'boy' even if they were adults... still, it was obnoxious at the least.

"Tch, still just a babe." The man all but teased, "Almost all of us over thirty, everyone except maybe Skully... definitely Danny. Says he's twenty one but probably just so nobody gives 'im hell for drinkin' so much. He supposed ta be keepin' a eye on you."

"Then why are you following me?"

"Ya got a serious bug up yer ass over the whole pistol whippin' thing, huh?!" He finally laughed, causing Charlie's disdain for his company to rise even more. Blood rushed to her face as her hands tightened into small fists. She didn't like being laughed at, or followed around, especially when this group just invaded her safe space and invited themselves to her supplies.

"Saw ya head out this mornin'... thought I'd, y'know... apologize, or whatever--how's ya head? Ain't got no doctor with us. Diablo was a paramedic for a while but that's as good as we got. I keep some kickass pills, too--antibiotics, otcs, narcos, shit for sleep, fuck, even vitamins... I could hook ya up for the pain... if you wanted.."
