 Authors Note: I apologize again on the delay for this chapter of this story, I hope you guys enjoy it. I'll have the next out much faster!

*****

"Where do ya think he was goin'?"

"Hard to say... I know he's got a group out there, somewhere... maybe he was headed to meet up with them? He took a lot of supplies, enough for a long trip... or to feed a few others. Maybe he was headed to Raleigh?"

"Could've let us in on his lil' scheme, if that's where he was goin'... would've been happy to tag along." Slash mumbled, brow furrowed and a scowl playing over his gaunt features.

"We can't trust someone like that. Nobody saw him loading up the hummer. Didn't hear a peep out of him... I don't have a clue how he even got the keys. He took a lot, man... almost like he had some help or something. I've looked all over this place, there's no one hiding here, no one living here..." Skully ran a hand through his hair, pushing the dark locks back as he rolled his shoulders. The tension had yet to let up. They'd been here such a short time and he felt the most uncomfortable he had in weeks... sitting still, lounging in literal luxury, these things didn't quite feel normal.

What was worse, there was danger lingering here. It hung thickly in the air, like a deadly gas... only his older brother was too fucking stupid to see it.

"Dog?"

Skully chortled at that bit, and slowly reached for the hunting knife tucked into the holder on his right leg, gently removing the blade and daring to clean his nails with it.

"No. He wouldn't cross me like that." Skully's eyes narrowed the slightest as he turned his gaze from his fingernails to Slash, "...he should know a good bit about the kid by now, though. He's been hanging around him for a long while. All week."

"Yeah... they're best fuckin' buds at this point. Always spot 'em lurkin' 'round together..."

Silence settled between them, an easy indication that both men were thinking hard on their next course of action. Their initial plan to force the group to go North, to find refuge with an actual live community of organized survivors, had now been pushed back. Transport enough for all of them was a rough find—the other vehicles in their caravan were outdated, unarmored, and hard to fuel. There were hundreds of reanimated now clawing at the front gates, too... thanks to the commotion.

"Tires that size ain't gonna be easy to come by. Gonna have to make a run... a long one. Nearest city be our best bet. That or we gonna hafta take individual cars... even then, a run... gonna need to find the fuel for 'em all." There was bitterness in his comrade's tone of voice.

"No damage to the engine, right?"

Slash shook his head in response.

"Send me Dog." Skully tossed the hunting blade across the way, a thick thud echoing up the stairwell as it buried deep into the wall. "I want to know why he didn't come and tell me the kid was up to something. He's supposed to be keeping an eye on him. If the kid is all about wasting supplies with his foolishness, even with what he seems to know about surviving, it won't be worth it to keep him around. If he's unstable and flighty, he's a risk—a liability... Oz won't see that. Too busy trying to save the fuckin' world." Skully rolled his eyes.

"It's your last night on watch, right? Why don't you go down there... shake him up a bit? Try and get him to tell you what he knows, what he's been up to... who he's trying to sneak off to save out there. Who knows, maybe he'll spill something worth knowing... maybe he's trying to get back to his Ma? If that's the case, I'd be happy to help him bring her home..." The men laughed in unison as Slash headed back out the door they had come through, and Skully remained seated on the dark stairwell, his irritations subsiding for the time being.

He hated when Oz under minded him, and he hated his little crusades for saving youngsters and strays when all the world was going to shit. The dead became a second thought when it came to the classes they could encounter with other groups of Survivors.

Oz sure as hell didn't press any of the women strays they came across to join their group... they made a point to avoid women, especially those traveling alone. How obnoxious his brother could be. How easily he seemed to forget about the basic needs and cravings for human interaction his own men had for the sake of nobility and morality that no one... NO ONE else in this world seemed to have any longer.

He wondered deep down if the reason Oz made the decision to bypass lone women was because he didn't trust his men... or because he didn't trust himself? He tried his best to play the role of the noble savior, to back away slowly, to not intimidate... but he knew deep down Oz was just as sinful and human as any man. He stood and went to retrieve his hunting knife, yanking the eight inch blade from the wall and handling it with delicate fondness as he let his mind wander, and waited for Dog to make his appearance.

—————

She paced her new, temporary accommodations, occasionally moving to the drawn curtains to peer eagerly beyond and make sure the cars were still piled against one another subduing the massive crowding of the undead just beyond. She hadn't seen so many in one place in... well, she couldn't even remember. It had been far too long now since she had seen one—the decoy in the room down the way to help her slip out unseen was it, and even that one was barely skin and bones of the person it had once been. Sweat beaded along her forehead, her heart thumping erratically as she tried to calm her nerves... the anxiety was real.

These were different.

Their eyesight may not be the best at this point but their appetites and physical capabilities were terrifying compared to the starving rotters in the "moat". A group this large could easily overpower even a healthy living human, and it would be only seconds for them to commence devouring said person.

The air seemed permeated now with the sickly scent of death and decay, disrupting the calm and serenity of the ocean air, seeping slowly into the unsecured tower carried on the high winds surrounding the resort. Her stomach churned uncomfortably. She swore she could hear their hands thumping against the metal of the car... ear their teeth grinding in anticipation of a meal. They had not been frenzied yet. They hadn't spotted life in the darkness, only heard the sound of gunfire and metal scraping harshly against metal when she crashed the Hummer into the bridge.

A sudden, soft knock on the door snapped Charlie's attention back behind her with a leap of hopefulness that Dog had finally returned to keep her company while she was reduced to being the look-out for the massive passing cluster of the dead. They were drawn by her careless actions, partially, and that was why she didn't dare argue against Oz's judgment.

Deep down, she wondered if it had been a good thing: being stopped just short of driving right into the mass of them. Even the hummer would eventually find itself stuck after plowing through so many rotted corpses.

She eagerly opened the door, expecting the younger man to be standing there, and finding no one... it took a spare few seconds for her to realize what was happening but before she could slam the door closed once again and snap the deadbolt back into place, a hand caught the edge and easily pressed it back against her swing.

"Heeeey now, kiddo... you can't hide in there all night... you're supposed to be keepin' an eye on 'em." Bemused, Slash shoved the door the rest of the way open, causing Charlie to stumble back a few steps. She felt her heart skip a beat, frozen where she stood. He did not enter the dim lit room, but rather, hooked a thumb in a belt loop and relaxed his posture. A smirk was curled over his lips, almost playful, and he gestured for her to come out.

Head hung low, Charlie shuffled out of the room uncomfortably, and Slash closed it gently behind her before quietly waving her to go forward into the darkness.

"I'm on the shift with ya... y'know, it's my last day since our lil'... spat in the hall last week. Luuuucky you, huh? Don't gotta be out here by yerself all night... hey kid, no hard feelin's, right?"

"We're cool..." She blurted sharply, looking nervously at the room across the hall from her own, the room Dog had said he would stay in. Slash placed both hands on her shoulders from behind and began pushing her back toward the main lobby, since she had yet to start walking. "W-where's Dog?"

"When the Master calls, Dog goes runnin'... he ain't joinin' us tonight, pipsqueak. 'sides... Oz said yer in a hot mess. Yer supposed ta be alone for that lil' stunt ya pulled earlier with the Hummer."

She didn't know exactly what he meant... "The Master"? She still had some vague idea that Dog had indeed been called off by Oz. Someone must have noticed the 'boys' hanging around together and called it out in private. She swallowed hard as they came near the front desk, her small boots scraping the carpet to stop him from pushing her toward the main entrance.

"T-This is good... I can see fine from here..." Charlie couldn't keep the fear from her voice, which had become considerably quiet. Her cheeks burned hard and she tried her best to avoid Slash's gaze, feeling as if the circumstances were causing her guise to melt away. The last thing she needed was to be found out as a woman.

"What's wrong kid? Ya scared of 'em? C'mon... c'moooon! They ain't gonna getcha, don't even know we're in here!"

"N-No! Slash.. please... I don't—!"

Her frantic protests quieted once Slash grasped her wrist, hard, and all but drug her down the main entrance way to the unmoving sliding glass doors. It was hard to see through, but she could make the faintness silhouettes of the many bodies piled hard against the barricade. She could hear their nails raking the rusted metal, their groans and croaks and screeches and hisses. Her stomach flipped. She felt ever so light headed.

"They ain't gonna getcha... Jeeeez, when was the last time ya killed one?"

"Never." She blurted honestly. Slash didn't laugh. He turned his eye on her, suspiciously, watching her shift uncomfortably behind him... and slowly, he started to walk a circle around Charlie. Sure enough, she turned slowly bit by bit with every step, so that her back was never to him.

"Bullshiiiiiit—yer tellin' me ya been in here for six years, ain't never killed a walker? Not one?"

"Matt.. my brother, he took care of them. He didn't want me to—"

"An' how many were here when ya got here? Place was packed, right? People all crammed in here for shelter, an' yer tellin' me yer teenage brother killed a shit ton o' fresh walkers, all by 'imself? How big is yer group, fer real? Ain't no point in lyin'. We gonna find out... sooner or later." He watched as Charlie backed away from him, and eventually, she was right where he wanted. He advanced on her, pushing her back into the glass gently, igniting a fear in the young 'boy' he had yet to see... oh, how sweet and innocent he looked, panicking at the soft thump of being pinned against the glass. "What, ya think they heard us? Nah, we're good kid... we're all good here..."

"What the fuck are you doing?!" The hushed squeak of Charlie's voice was laced in panic, followed by a fearful whimper which brought a grin to Slash's lips, his hands curling around the ever so soft, slender neck of the youngster. He was gaunt, yes, but what weight Slash had was all muscle... he pressed the full of his body firmly into Charlie's svelte and petite frame causing her to panic, and anxiously try to defend herself by crossing her arms over her chest to shield her most obvious assets from detection. She began to shrink down wishing to curl into a ball at his feet, but was permitted to go only so far with the man's fingers tightening around her neck.

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!"

"Ya best quiet down... I asked a question ya didn't answer. How many men were livin' here? How many women?" Slash's voice was a deadly purr, and he brought his face dangerously close to Charlie's, his fingers squeezing the youngster's neck roughly and lifting her up against the fragile glass door. She was on the tips of her toes now, near gasping for air, her hands shifting to shove roughly into the man's chest before frantically clawing at the glass behind her as she tried to free herself from Slash's rough grip. She wanted to scream for help. She wanted to fight, thrash, and kick, but she was terrified of more than one thing at this point... too much noise would alert the hundreds of rotting corpses just down the hill.

"I-I-c-can't... you-you're ch-choking me!"

He released her throat from his grasp, and instead, moved to grasp her wrists and push her arms back against the glass as he leaned down, forcing Charlie's soft brown eyes to meet his own harsh blue gaze. The amusement there, the desire, Charlie felt tears starting to swell in her eyes. He knows.. he knows he has to know now!

"Just me and Matt—I swear to you, it was only us—I keep telling you that! How can I get you to believe me?!"

"Tell me where ya keep tryin' ta run off to. I'll go check it out myself."

"A cabin, in the mountains—it's in north Georgia. It's far from here... b-but I have the map to prove it—my.. my... brother... he said if we were ever separated, that I should go there... it's safe... what?.. what are you doing?" Slash didn't put more space between them as she told him what she thought he wanted to hear. He seemed to close in even more! He pressed a leg between her own and leaned in, and she could feel the growing bulge against her thigh, and feel his lips brush against her cheek sending lightening streaks of panic racing through every nerve ending.

"Yer cute, lil' shit... 'specially when yer scared. Ya afraid of me?"

"Y-Yes!" If ever a time for dishonesty... but oh, lying was the last thing on her mind! She wanted him away from her! She'd tell him everything if he asked, just to get him away from her. A tear slipped from those wide, panicked eyes, racing down her cheek as her breath caught in her throat and she turned her head harshly away from him. "P-please stop—you're scaring me!"

"I ain't gonna hurt ya... c'mon now, what kinda guy do ya take me for? I'm just foolin' around, Kid... relax—"

"I told you what you wanted to know!" Charlie pleaded desperately as Slash looped an arm around her waist, and she squirmed as he pulled her body against him, his lips teasing a small, rounded ear. "Stop, stop! STOP!—SLA—"

His free hand curled across her mouth with deadly speed cutting her off mid-screech, his words a dangerous, husky whisper in her ear, "Shut.. the fuck... up... yer being too fuckin' loud."

Bite him. Her mind echoed again and again, but he had begun to move, slowly. He released her face and put a small distance between them, for her obedience, if nothing else. He still had her body close enough to him to be pressed between his own and the sliding glass doors. He released her wrist and took her chin with an ever entertained grin.

"Chill out... I'm just foolin', Kid! Ya know not all of us been so lucky to get all zen an' shit by the sea, enjoying our solitude an' shit... ya start cravin' bein' close to somebody... anybody... when ya seen the shit we have..." He held her still fearful gaze, with a coy smirk curled wide on his lips, fingertips teasing her soft heart shaped cheeks. "Yer soft, too... like a girl, almost... psh—chill the fuck out pipsqueak. I wouldn't do anythin' ya wouldn't love... anyways."

"I don't want you touching me!" She couldn't keep the venom out of the words as they hissed from her lips, causing Slash to chuckle quite rudely in her face, and grasp her chin roughly in his hand.

"Yeah? I'm gonna fuckin' do it anyway..." He leaned in and purred the words against her plush mouth with devious intent before pressing a forceful kiss upon her, reaching around to grasp her ass harshly, and releasing her from his grasp with both hands raised in surrender.

She was livid, and shaken. Her soft caramel complexion had brightened several shades, cheeks red hot, her brow furrowed and nose wrinkled ferociously... and yet she couldn't just start screaming obscenities at him. She felt a sharp impulse to go darting back to the safety of the Southern tower... or even the room she was restricted to, here. A part of her doubted her ability to outrun Slash though. As uncomfortable as being near the dead made her, she realized standing here limited him to how far he could take things... and somehow, someway, he hadn't pressed into her close enough to feel any abnormalities on her bound chest or in her jeans. If he came close again she doubted she would be so lucky.

"Let's cut a deal kid... I wouldn't ever ask somethin' for nothin'..."

"No! No deals, no trades—none of that bullshit—Don't fucking touch me dude! Keep your goddamn hands off of me Slash! I'm warning you!"

"Ooooo man, MAN oh MAN! I'm scared of ya, pipsqueak! I really am! Damn terrified!" Slash howled aloud as the boyish youth began to puff up. He all but slapped his damn knee as Charlie tried intimidating him. "Askin' permission is me bein' polite, Kid... I'm gonna get what I want... I always do..."

"So what, you're just going to rape me?" Again, that snide, cruel laughter met her ears, and boiled her blood just a little bit more. Slash even took a step back even as if to bring Charlie a bit more comfort in the fact that he nearly took offense to her accusation, and he brought his hands up, clicking his tongue at her in disapproval.

"Don't fuckin' insult me, If I wanted to do that I woulda done it already. I'm not fuckin' like that kid. Nah... see, like I said, it wouldn't be anything ya wouldn't love.. even if ya put up a bit'ova fight at first... I don't want to make ya do anythin' ya don't wanna. So, at least hear me out... I'll make it worth yer while."

"Give me a car and let me leave... and I'll do whatever you want." Charlie blurted it out before she thought about it... and took him aback, almost. His expression mellowed, and was unreadable for a long few moments as he toyed with the idea. His eyes brushed over the smaller male, anticipating how soft he was beneath the layers of protective wear... but slowly, that coy, devious smile curled wide over his mouth. He leaned his weight back to one leg and crossed his arms over his chest.

"Tha's somethin' I can't do fer ya Kid... I mean, damn, I wish I could.. I'd make that deal quick. That's outta my hands though, I'd get in a helluva lot of trouble if I just let ya drive the fuck off here only ta come back with a posse an' kill the shit out of all of me and my friends fer the shit we been travelin' with..."

"People.. people really do that?" Charlie's voice softened as Slash described his concerns over her leaving... and again, he seemed slightly surprised at how sheltered the youngster was. Perhaps a bit jealous even.

"Ya really been in here the whole time?"

"I told you... I guess the crazy people who keep trying to kill you for your supplies, that's why none of you fuck-heads believe anything I say?" He almost laughed at that, nodding his head to confirm. "That's real fucked up."

"World got real fucked up in the last few years, Kid... yer lucky it was us who came along to check this place out and not.. well... not the 'crazy people'."

"You're pretty fucking crazy, yourself."

"Not the first time I heard it." He shrugged. There were worse men... they'd killed worse, and fled from worse. He knew there were more than a few who wouldn't think twice to take someone like Charlie as a slave these days, and there wasn't shit the boy would be able to do to stop them. If he was smart, he'd fall in line quickly. As the year grew longer and the dead continued to dominate the planet, humans became less and less of what they had once been and more the dangerous predatory animals they were without the confines of civilization holding them together.
