 It was the early hours of morning in the city of Edinburgh, a couple of dogs were feeding off the carcass of a dead cat as Lucinda glided down the cobbled High Street like an animal in pursuit, eyes blazing, mouth salivating. She had her feed of the night and was satisfied, desperately seeking solitude from the others. Jagen always wanted them to hunt as a pack, it had become too dangerous otherwise but Lucinda wasn't like them. Mostly sluts and drug addicts in their former lives, since they found Jagen they hadn't altered that much. They fed and followed Jagen. They all did unquestionably. Lucinda had been different, one of three cello players in the national orchestra, bright, some would say pretty. She still felt hatred and desire. Hatred towards her counterparts; Desire towards Jagen, victims and blood, always blood. Her waking hours were dedicated to feeding her addiction but there were moments, such as this when she craved something else, not her old life but excitement. It had become too easy to lead a man or a woman out of a nightclub, down an alley and to drain them of their life. That's where she differed from the other vampires, there were moments of reflection, of something more, something wanting.

With a quick glance over her shoulder, she slinked down an alley, opened the manhole cover and entered one of the deserted vaults underneath the street. Jagen had first arrived there two hundred years before, when the Old Town was cleared out and the residents were moved to the new part of the city. Some of the pox ridden residents remaining were amongst Jagen's earliest victims. 

Grasping onto the stone wall, Lucinda guided herself down the steps far beneath the surface of the streets. Music from a nearby night club reverberated around the area but gradually dimmed as she descended the staircase. As she reached the bottom step, she almost tripped over a bundle which seemed to lie across her path and she automatically grabbed the flashlight, she always kept in her bag.

"Fenwick" she mumbled as if she had a foul taste in her mouth.

The little man lay in a foetal position in filth, a couple of dead rats by his full bloodied lips. Fenwick had been at the service of Jagen for years, not quite vampire but not quite mortal. As a man, he had been attacked by Jagen and was offered eternal life in exchange for servitude. While drinking a little of the master's blood he had never taken enough to be complete like Lucinda and the others. On a day to day basis, he was little more than a plaything for the covenant and a lunatic to anyone that met him on the outside. Over the years he had been in an inmate in the odd hospital or asylum but always managed to escape and find his way back to his beloved master. Lucinda loathed Fenwick as much as, if not more than anyone else in Jagen's group. It was he that changed her life. She had been perfectly content and he had led her to him. 

It had been a night in November, rehearsals had been running late and she was struggling up the long steps of Flesh Market Close with her Cello. It was a dark, cold evening and the one lamp post flickered violently. Lucinda was holding her breath as the stale beer from one of the pubs hit her nostrils, when the hunched up figure of Fenwick stumbled out of the shadows. Short and slender in stature with scruffy blonde hair and blood shot eyes, he eyed her hungrily, up and down. Lucinda remembered immediately fearing him as she was convinced he'd either mug or rape her.

"You're pretty..." he whispered, his long fingers reaching out as if he was aching to touch her.

Lucinda ran, as fast as she could up the steps, quickly realising the little man was behind her, hollering for her to wait. She didn't turn around but she could feel his step immediately behind her and threw her bag behind, hoping that would stop him but it didn't. Within a second, she could feel his strong hands around her waist and he span her around, slamming her back against the wall sending her cello flying.

"Please, please..." he gasped "I don't want to hurt you, just don't go up there... I beg you please."

Lucinda wouldn't listen as she tried to escape from his extraordinary strong grip. She wriggled against him but he pressed her, harder and harder against the wall trying to quieten her.

"What's this Fenwick?" a silkily smooth voice said out of nowhere.

"N-n-nothing, sir" mumbled the little man, abruptly letting her go and trembling.

Lucinda pulled her coat together and went to pick up her beloved cello when she looked up and froze to see the most handsome, alluring face she had ever laid her eyes upon. Jagen. 

"Holding out on us, were you?" the pale handsome man smiled "Though I have to admit you've caught a rather impressive catch for your first time."

Fenwick's face changed into a distorted, manic grin.

"She's not for me..." he throatily responded. "I thought you would like her... she's a gift."

Jagen was suddenly at her face and her body quivered slightly but stopped as soon as his hand slowly slid down her torso. Fear and cold suddenly vanished as she let him slowly remove her coat and explore her body, edging closer and closer.

"A very impressive catch indeed, I think I might keep this one by my side." 

She felt the front buttons of her dress being slowly undone as she looked into Jagen's black eyes and let him take her there and then, offering her blood, her life so she could walk with him for an eternity. She couldn't remember much else. She became one of his many slaves. He had devoured all their souls and took them as companions there after. 

Lucinda looked down at the filthy little man as she remembered that night, hating him and irritated she gave him a sharp kick in the stomach.

"Master?" he groaned, his blue eyes adjusting in the dark.

"No, it's me you pathetic little creep" she snapped, lighting a couple of candles. "Can't you find somewhere else to sleep?"

Fenwick looked up with scared doe like eyes as if he didn't know how to respond. With his shoulders hunched he scarpered into the corner like a wounded dog, never letting Lucinda, with her flaming red hair and bloody lips out of his sight. Despite, her evident hatred of him, Fenwick couldn't help but gaze at her as if she was a beautiful porcelain doll. He felt as if she belonged to him, that it was he that chose her not Jagen but him. Strange, despite his loyalty to his master, he wanted her badly. Around Lucinda he felt less of a servant, less the lunatic and more the man he once was, nervous around a pretty girl.

"What are you staring at?" she snarled.

Fenwick's lips trembled but before he could respond she kicked his precious rats into the corner and screamed.

" Jagen told you to stop bringing these things down here! Don't you listen to anything that you're told you little retard!"

"Don't call me that!" screamed Fenwick, shocking both Lucinda and himself with his outburst. 

After a moment she threw her head back and let out a guttural laugh, her curls flying and blood stained lips curled. He felt stupid, he always felt stupid but he hated feeling this way around her.

"Please, don't laugh at me" he whimpered.

"Aww, poor little Fenwick" she mocked, crawling towards him. "Does IT actually have feelings?"

Lucinda ran her pale, bony fingers through his unruly soft blonde hair, the sensation of which caused the little man to close his eyes. She was touching him, she touched him. His tongue wet his bottom lip with nervous anticipation and when she saw the unintentional joy that she was creating Lucinda grabbed his hair, yanking it hard. He let out a yelp and cowered away from her touch.

"Why do you treat me like this? I can expect it from the others but not from you" he cried.

"Why do you think?" snapped Lucinda, adjusting her dress. "Do you think we have some sort of bond because you found me for Jagen? You make me sick, scuttling about here always chasing after Jagen like a little lap dog."

"I didn't find you for Jagen!" cried Fenwick "I... "

"You what?"

"I didn't want him to have you... I don't know why but I didn't want him to hurt you. That never happened before. I mean... I think I wanted you for myself. " 

Lucinda was stunned. She'd never heard Fenwick speak like this before then again she'd never been alone with him. 

"What did you want me for?" grumbled Lucinda as if she didn't really care though her curiosity had been aroused.

Fenwick shrugged and scuffled a little closer.

"You reminded me... what it WAS like... to be mortal, to be normal, to be a man."

The thought of Fenwick, ever being a normal brought a smile to Lucinda's lips. Then for the first time she dared look at the man behind the ghoul. If one saw Fenwick, all you would see is a short, pale faced, dishevelled being with the occasional manic grin and thunderous eyes. However if one actually looked at him, you would see a man who would have been, under normal circumstances, boyishly handsome in an almost angelic, beautiful way. He had large blue eyes and the fullest lips that Lucinda had ever seen on a man. She stared at him in the candle light and for the briefest moment, forgot who she was with.

"And you want to be a mortal man again Fenwick?" she whispered softly.

The ease in her voice made Fenwick relax a little and he edged closer towards her. His eyes wandered down to her lips, those dark lips that he wanted to caress him, to bite him so badly.

"I just want to belong somewhere, instead of being trapped between the world of man and beast. I used to be someone. I used to be an architect, had friends and was desired. You reminded me of those days."

Fenwick stood in front of the girl, appearing slightly taller than usual. He strangely felt unafraid almost confident. Lucinda felt a surprising pang in her stomach as she looked into his large blue eyes then disgusted with herself slapped him hard. She told herself he was not worth wasting any more valuable time on. However instead of cowering in his usual stance, Fenwick stood tall. 

"I know you want me" he mumbled with a smile "I can smell it."

With his palm, he caressed her porcelain like cheek before trailing his index finger down her neck, over her pert bosoms before cupping her breast in his hand and allowing his thumb to rub against her hardening nipple. Lucinda her breath ragged, made to slap him again but this time the servant caught her with his other hand.

"Hit me all you like or even kill me, I've been in this madman's inferno for years. All I ask is for a little fun first" he grinned.

For the first time, Lucinda felt passion. She felt desire with Jagen but not passion. This was different. This was new. Fenwick revolted her with his sycophantic grovelling and his fixation on insects and rodents but at this moment she felt strangely drawn to him and pulled the little man towards her, claiming his lips for her own. 

Fenwick groaned with much awaited pleasure, his tongue swiftly sliding into her mouth to explore. The excited organ glided over her sharpened teeth, something that she would never allow anyone other than Jagen to do. Lucinda felt a tingling feeling in her groin and realised that of all people, Fenwick was making her feel aroused. It was the first time, in what felt like an age, she felt this excited. She broke the embrace and realised that she was in his slender but strong arms.

"What do you want?" she asked, surprised by the shakiness in her voice.

"I want you. I want you to take me and I want you to call me master, not Jagen but me. I found you. I could have created you."

"Jagen will kill you and you know it."

"I don't care" he cried, pulling her closer he licked her neck and earlobes as she pulled away the bottom of his shirt, allowing her nails to claw at his bare back. He whimpered with pain but she continued as she felt his arousal hit against her thigh. 

"You want me don't you?" he groaned "You want me inside you before you feed off me. I want you so badly and I know you want it too."

"You make me sick" she snarled.

Fenwick licked his lips and suppressed a smile "Then why are you rubbing me between my legs?"

He knew damn well, she couldn't kill him. Too much Jagen was in his blood and it would be instant death to her but she felt the part of her body that she thought long dead pulsate with excitement as she continued to rub Fenwick's huge bulge. Her eyes clenched closed, she slapped hard against his mouth as the caresses became more urgent and torrid. He threw his body against her and the pair smacked hard against the wall, one of his hands roughly kneaded her breasts while the other moved up her leg, under her short black dress, resting it on her naked left buttock, finger tips gently massaged the area. Lucinda groaned as she instinctively pushed her groin forward so she could rub against his growing manhood. With Jagen she was in hypnotic awe and felt lifeless but with Fenwick she felt worshipped, adored and excited. Neither had been their own person and this act was the first time in their undead lives they had followed their own instincts. They felt like virgins, that they had been awoken from a deep sleep by a strong erotic force. Fenwick moved one of his hands away from Lucinda's breasts and attempted to stroke her wet entrance. Despite her longing to feel him inside her she pulled away.

"Let me touch you" begged Fenwick "Kill me now if you're just teasing."

He trailed his hands down her sides as Lucinda snapped out of her subservient trance, deciding he needed reminding of who was in charge. She scowled at him and shook away his arms.

"Sit down over in those steps" she sneered.

Fenwick's face fell. She had been playing with his emotions like the others always did but he had expected more from her. He slowly turned his back on her, to return to the step where he previously slept as Lucinda swiftly and silently peeled off her tiny black dress. As he turned back to face her, his blue eyes nearly popped out his head upon seeing the beautiful pale naked form in high heels. Her dark eyes bore right through him, her red curls flowing down to her rock hard breasts. He nearly exploded then and there, he wanted to touch her, to taste her and to be inside her so badly. All Fenwick could do was sit on his cold dark step as his beloved deadly angel, slinked towards him. 

"Is this what you want?" she demanded.

He nervously nodded his head before she crooked her finger and bid him to approach her. Fenwick tried to stand on his feet but his trembling knees failed him. Determined to get to her, he crawled on all fours. When he reached her feet, Lucinda ran her fingers over his cherub like face. Then with a gloating sneer, she squatted over his face and commanded, "Eat me!"

Fenwick's blue eyes manically darted away from her doll- like face towards her glistening entrance. With a quick breath his tongue immediately parted her lower lips and lapped up her flowing juices. He used his nose to stimulate her swollen pink bud as his tongue gently slid in and out. Groaning Lucinda felt herself pushing her mound farther into his face allowing his mouth to fully penetrate her. Fenwick smiled against her hot labia knowing that she was his. Jagen was no longer his master, it was she that was his mistress and he would do anything to satisfy her. She wanted him as badly as he wanted her, he could feel the evidence of her ecstasy dribble down his chin. His crotch was aching as he wanted more and he rubbed it fiercely to control himself. Lucinda noticed this and immediately pulled away from him. 

"Get out of your clothes" she demanded, as her heel teased and tickled his aroused beast.

Fenwick immediately obeyed even adding "Yes my mistress" as he did so.

As soon as he was completely naked, Lucinda lay down beside him running her black, nail varnished finger over his body. His eyes closed and gently flickered at being touched so erroneously by this woman. Upon seeing his amorous manhood, she immediately knew why Jagen kept Fenwick as the nervous, twitchy servant he had created. Sure, he was handy to collect information in daylight hours but if he had been completed, Jagen would have competition. Fenwick had been a beautiful man in his mortal state and as a Vampire he could satisfy all Jagen's followers but he didn't want them, he wanted and had always wanted her and the very thought of that made her groin pulsate more than she thought possible.

She slowly licked his hard shaft causing the slave to tremble a little, before her smiling lips swallowed his whole length.

"Thank you, Mistress Lucinda" he gasped, his fingers now toying with her wetness. She was careful not to bite his beast, but she sucked and licked with great strength causing Fenwick to writhe with uncontrollable pleasure. Her eyes opened and she could see a grin, stretched across his beautiful face as he furiously penetrated her succulent hole with his two fingers. She straddled his naked body and pulled his knees up so her legs could hook around his. 

When Lucinda lowered herself onto his awaiting stiff cock, they simultaneously moaned as he filled her completely. She rhythmically slid up and down staring with satisfied hooded lids at him, his eyes wandered down to where the action was taking place. He loved watching his pole entering her and each time re-emerging glistening with her juices. 

Throwing her head back Lucinda rode him harder with wild abandon. It was the first time she realised she could crave for something else other than just blood and an astonishing sentiment of joy washed over her. She threw her head forward onto his chest, licking and teasing his nipples, making Fenwick whimper. With a smile that she no longer tried to hold back, she glanced up at his face and was immediately stunned to see two tears trickling down his cheek. Fenwick grabbed her hips and decreased the pace of their lovemaking.

"Please Mistress Lucinda, I beg you to slow down. I want this to last. I've wanted this for so long and I know after it's over..."

A strange impulse hit Lucinda, no longer feeling dominant she rocked back and forth, before her tongue licked away the salty tears. 

"Fenwick, I want you. I'll have you. Let's walk together for an eternity. I never thought I could be with any other than Jagen but with you, I could."

"But the master would destroy us both."

"We could leave. Jagen started you on this road, let me end it."

She bent forward offering him her neck, his penis still lodged deep inside her. 

"Bite me, feed off me. We can be together and leave Jagen behind. We could go tonight. I want to call you master and you to call me mistress, forever."

She clawed at his chest, kissed his nipples and her hips ever so gently gyrated as she patiently awaited him to make up his mind. Then she could hear his mouth open and quickly his teeth sank into her throat.

"Yes" she screamed with fervour "Drink me, feed off me, become complete!"

She opened her eyes and could see his skin visibly change colour, his arms strengthened and muscles become more toned. Fenwick gradually picked up the pace again as he licked and drank at the wound he had created. Then he flipped his beloved onto her back causing her to yelp with surprise at his renewed strength. He looked down at her with a hypnotic smile. Somehow his face had changed. More relaxed, more confident and dominant than he had been before, his eyes dark like his lovers. He grabbed Lucinda's hands and held them down in place as he re-entered her, a different and changed man. The girl immediately understood the situation and simpered.

"Fenwick, I've been waiting for you... my master."

The naked vampire lovers slapped their pale bodies against each other fiercely on the cold floor. Their hips bucked and screams of lust echoed around the ancient, stone vault. The one time slave looked intently at his lover with rapt concentration. Fenwick held his treasure down as he rode her, pumping into her with all his might. With each thrust, Lucinda gasped, her vaginal walls violently contracted. She dug her nails into his back and he smiled, his tongue gliding over his now sharpened teeth before slipping into her mouth. She lustily greeted his tongue with her own as she moaned, feeling loved and wanted. 
