 Beep! Beep! Beep!

Amara hand slammed down on the alarm clock. She gripped it hard and threw across the room. Right after the thing banged against the wall more banging came from the other side of the wall. She groaned. She was going to have to get use d to neighbors that were up close and personal.

She turned her head and slowly opened her eyes. All she could see was her own copper curls. She flipped it back with a pale hand. She sat up and looked across the room. She had a large dresser with an equally large mirror perched on the top. Her pale figure looked even paler compared to the black sheets and comforter that covered her bed, not to mention the black camisole and matching black boy cut panties. Her large chest didn't quite fit into the top, a small bit of pink showing at the very top. She couldn't help but smile at herself as she pulled it up. 

She slowly climbed out of the bed and walked over to the wide dresser and randomly picked out the clothes for the day. Amara tossed them onto the bed and stripped off her sleeping attire. She glanced at the mirror again. Her stomach was flat, her breasts high and round, her cunt completely clean of hair, and her legs were long and lean. She didn't exactly work for the body, it was from work. She hardly ever had the time to eat because the parlor needed her most of the time. The tattoo shop, Your Mother's Worst Nightmare, was just getting off its feet and Tink needed her. She turned to look at the art on her back. Tink did a wonderful job. It was a great blue and green dragon that covered most of her back, its green eyes piercing as it seemed to fly up, the tail right above her crack.

The top and bottoms she picked out was a black Lacuna Coil t-shirt (that of which had several cuts showing her cleavage and stomach) and a short black skirt. Under these she wore a black lacey bra and matching thong. She also decided to slip on a pair of black and white striped tights. Amara sat down and slipped on her black knee high combat boots. She painted her full lips black and drew a thick line of black around her glowing green eyes. She pressed a stud through the hole in her tongue so now a neon blue ball sat on her tongue. Her look was complete. She ran her fingers through her long red hair as she walked out the door.



The day progressed as usual. People of all different styles, ethnicities, backgrounds and tattoo ideas came through. It was Saturday after all. She sat calmly behind the counter, every once in a while she would pull out some of the body jewelry they had, but other than that, it was dull. Tink was her best friend from high school. They were the only goths in that hellhole so they clung to each other. Tink was always the best in art and was obsessed with all things tattoo, so it would make sense that she would have her own shop. Her real name was Elisabeth, but she got the name Tink for petit size and bounciness. 

Finally the end of the day. Tink had a date as usual, so Amara was cursed to walk home again. It was nearly midnight and the sky was dark. A new moon. The darkness didn't bother the redhead. She loved the dark and the night. The footsteps behind her bothered her. She would look back and see nothing. As soon as she turned back, they would seem to sound closer. 

She heard someone take in a deep breath. She turned and staring at her was a pair of purple eyes with streaks of silver. She opened her mouth to tell the creep to fuck off but nothing came out. She felt a pull, as if by strings at each of her joints and one in the center of her chest. All went black.

A metallic sent filled her nose. She opened her eyes. Her hands and feet were tingling. She was lying in a sea of red satin. Her hands and feet were tied to the bed with leather straps. She suddenly became aware of a breeze. She was naked. Where the fuck are my clothes!! She wanted to scream but found she didn't have the energy for it. She suddenly saw a man stranding at the foot of the large bed.

He smiled at her. His lips were full with a ring through the piercing in the middle of the bottom one. His smile gave her chills. His canines were much too sharp and long. He was shirtless. His arms were muscular and well defined, as was his chest and stomach. He walked around to the side of the bed. He was wearing a pair of loose fitting black jeans and a belt with a silver skull. Right below that belt was a visible bulge.

"What the fuck?" finally the words came out. She started to tug at her restraints

He chuckled at her efforts. 

"You are not going anywhere." His voice was deep and velvety. It almost calmed Amara, until she remembered she was tied nude to a bed.

"Why not?" she demanded glaring at him.

"This is why." He said as he knelt next to her and gently took a lock of curly hair between his fingers. "Your fiery hair and fiery personality. You will be one of a kind in my world. "

"What are you talking about?" The sent of him filled her nostrils as he got ever closer. It was sweet but will a tang laying under the surface.

"There is not a single redhead amongst vampires and I aim to change that. The vampire race has grown weak, so one as passionate as you will be a very good addition."

"That doesn't explain the lack of clothing." She glares at him. She surprised herself when she realized she didn't care that he was talking about turning her into vampire. It really wouldn't be that different from her current life style. She sleeps all day and works all night. She hardly eats and she likes to bite until she draws blood. 

"First I have to make you mine."

Amara felt her heart begin to pound. Yes she found the male very attractive, but the thought of him just taking her because he wanted to scared her, then excited her. She felt her green eyes drawn to the large bulge in his pants, then a stirring in her loins.

"Yeah, no thanks." She bit her black lip. Suddenly she felt herself wanting to be back in her crappy apartment.

"What makes you think you have a choice?" Suddenly he was on top of her, kneeling between her legs. He leaned over her, his long, straight black hair fell around his face. He smiled at her then went down. She expected him to go to her neck, but he went down further. His mouth wrapped around her pert nipples, his teeth clamping down as his mouth sucked it in. She gasped, closing her eyes. It was a sweet sort of pain, but she knew he didn't bite hard enough to draw blood. His large hand groped her other breast, his palm kneaded it. She felt a familiar wetness form between her legs. She couldn't help but moan at his touch. 

The male used his free hand to unbuckle his belt and pulled it off in one swift movement. He sat up and unbuttoned his jeans. She watched in amazement as he pushed down his pants. A thick cock formed a rather large tent in his boxers. She moaned at the very sight of it. It's the biggest she's ever seen.

At hearing the sound the female made, he looked up at her smirking. He pushed down his boxers to reveal a pulsing dick, sticking out straight for her. He put his hands on her hips and pushed her up so that she sits up more. Then he got on his knees in front of her, pressing the tip of his hard on to her lips. 

She opened her mouth slowly, her soft lips grazing against the flesh of his lower head. He placed a hand on the back of her head and violently grabbed a handful of her hair. He quickly began to thrust, violating her throat with his member. It made it hard for her to breathe but she couldn't help but feel herself enjoying it. She used her tongue to cup the underside of his tongue and she began to move it side to side. Her green eyes were glued to his face as he looked down at her. As soon as she began to use her tongue, a smirk replaced a look of concentration. He began to quicken then he suddenly released her and was at the foot of the bed.

"If you kick me I will tie your feet back up." He said as he reached down and ripped t he leather that held her feet to the bed. She felt the blood rush back to her feet, causing the tingling sensation to slowly fade. The he was between her legs.

He put a hand on her pussy and smirked at her again.

"It seems that you have been enjoying yourself." His smile was wicked as he slid his finger inside of her hole. She bit her black lip to keep from moaning, to keep from giving his the satisfaction. His hand was rough, which somehow, made his touch more enjoyable. He removed his finger and harshly grabbed her ankles. He put her legs on his strong shoulders and thrust his member deep inside her.

She arched her back and her mouth fell slack as he repeatedly thrust into her. She could feel his thick cock stretching her hole to make room for him. His face was harsh as he thrust into her violently. She panted and moaned as he violated her. Her body was shaking with the pleasure he was giving her, though she knew he was doing it for himself. His grip on her legs was growing stronger as he thrust into her faster, feeling the bruises beginning to form. With each thrust her round breasts bounced toward her face but she didn't pay attention. Her eyes were closed and she seemed to have lost the ability to close her mouth as he pushed into her, pushed her into the bed repeatedly. 

Her body shook harder, and it became even harder for her to breathe. He thrust into her hard, feeling like he was going to rip right into her insides as she felt a sudden explosion inside of her. As she felt his squirt into her insides, he leaned down and clamped down on her breast. The pain lasted for not even a second as a rush of pleasure spread through her. She felt the blood leaving her but it made her calm. She could feel the warmth gathering into his mouth but she was serene. He thrust into her again as he continued to take her life force into him. All went black.

She awoke to a strong metallic sent. The male was looking at Amara. He drew his wrist to his mouth and she could hear a soft sound as he bit into himself. He brought his wrist to her mouth. A drop fell on her lips. 

"Drink." She opened her mouth a felt the rush of the sweet liquid. She put her hand on the back of his wrist as she began to eagerly drink. As she drunk she became more aware of the sounds and smells that surrounded her. She could feel his member still deep inside of her. He pulled his wrist away and climbed off of her.

She felt her pulse quicken. It kept going faster and faster. A pain hit her whole body, causing her to arch. The leather bindings on her wrists snapped easily. The pain pulsed through her as her heart beat faster than that of a hummingbird. Then it stopped. She took in a deep breath. She looked at the man, who had his back to her. She stared in disbelief. Cover his strong back was a blue and green dragon stared back at her.

He turned to her, a smirk on his pale lips.

"Now you will learn to feed."