 Katie wasn't sure why, but lately she was ridiculously horny. Like never truly satisfied, pussy throbbing in constant need horny. So horny that tonight she'd fucked a guy in the bathroom of the club because she couldn't wait until they got home—she barely made it to the bathroom, she'd actually begged him to fuck her on the dance floor. And now she was home in her own bed watching porn on her laptop. She'd searched for a while trying to find something that appealed to her and settled on a clip of some blonde with fake tits getting tossed around by a group of guys. She watched as they stood around the girl and she rubbed her tits and pussy and begged to be fucked, and she imagined herself in the same scenario. One cock after another in her mouth, in her pussy, in her ass, all filling her up. As she watched she fingered her pussy and ass, desperately trying to fill them the way she needed, but she needed more. Eventually she just fell asleep, exhausted, but unsatisfied. 

She woke to the feeling of something snaking up between her legs. When she sat up nothing was there, and she lay back down. After a few minutes she turned over on her stomach with her hand underneath her and started fucking her fingers. Katie ground her hips into the bed franticly seeking relief, oblivious to her audience. The first one came up behind Katie and the others waited for her to notice. 

She didn't, not until the first one was caressing her bare ass. She pulled away startled, ready to scream, as she saw the hideous creatures that surrounded her. But then Katie saw their erect cocks and nothing else mattered. 

She smiled at the one nearest her and winked, "I'd sell my soul for a decent fuck."

It smiled back at Katie and grabbed her by the back of her neck, forcing her mouth down onto its thick cock. Her lips stretched around its fat head and hard shaft as she greedily took it down her throat. She bobbed back up to the tip, then engulfed its length in one smooth motion, and back up swirling her tongue around the head teasingly as she came up. The thing let this go on for several minutes then held her as it fucked her hungry mouth, making her gag and moan. The first tingles of orgasm were already trickling through her hungry cunt and Katie did noticed that another one of the creatures came up behind her until it was slamming into her-her delighted screams, muffled by the cock in her mouth. This was exactly what she needed.

The one behind her fucked her relentlessly, slamming in and out of her drenched pussy, while the other two took turns in her eager mouth. Katie loved the way they fucked her throat making her gag and choke on their thick cocks. She loved the way they controlled her, used her, and she wanted them all inside her. She knew she wouldn't be satisfied until she'd had them all, and they'd stretched out her pussy and ass. She wanted her ass bruised and nipples sore. 

The one in her pussy pulled out and she whimpered at the emptiness, until she was turned around and it forced her mouth down on its cock covered in her juices and another one took up position behind her. This one didn't take her pussy though, it slid its cock through her dripping pussy and up between her ass cheeks, then slowly into her tight asshole. Katie squealed as the thing's massive cock invaded her tight little asshole and filled her up. It wasn't gentle and tears welled up in her eyes and it slammed in and out of her. And still she moaned as she gagged on the cock in her mouth, the juices from her pussy soaking her thighs.

The thing behind her pulled out and shoved her mouth down onto its cock so that she could taste her ass and she greedily sucked it clean. She was tossed onto her back and rolled on top of another so that its cock impaled her pussy as she straddled it, and another shoved into her ass, her scream muffled by the third's cock in her mouth. They all used her exactly the way she'd imagined: pounding all of her holes mercilessly and making her scream as they spanked her ass and pulled her hair and tortured her nipples. Katie loved every second, even as the tears of pain rolled down her cheeks. This was exactly what she needed, to be used like the whore she was. 

She felt the thing in her pussy cum first filling her with it's hot cum, and then the one in her mouth, shooting down her throat. The one in Katie's ass held out a little longer, but even it finally erupted flooding her ass. When it pulled out she turned around and sunk her mouth on its cock, loving the taste of its cum and her ass. Once she was satisfied that she had it all Katie sat back and noticed for the first time that there weren't three creatures, but a room full of them... all ready to fuck her. 

It was going to be a good night.