 The dark streets are teasing me as I open my eyes, their glimmer shining through my open window. I get up from my hastily made bed on the floor. My body lacks the ache you would suspect from the rough surroundings in this place. But then again, I have never really cared what this body felt or what it didn't.

It has been many years since this young one came to me, seeking peace. He couldn't stand the life of darkness that he had been 'cursed' with. He had come to me because he had heard stories of the wise old man. Little did he know what he was truly speaking with. I listened to his story of damnation and blood. In him, I saw the potential that the old shell I was in possessed.

I offered him a taste of my blood, telling him all the time that he would be cured. As he tasted it, his eyes widened as my essence flowed into him. He fought for a while, but in the end he was mine. I felt his undead essence slowly dissipate, and I was whole once again. I learned his weaknesses and abilities rather quickly and then I embraced that which he had shunned.

Tonight, I felt something eating away at myself and the body I inhabited. I hungered for many things. Even though no longer truly undead, my body still needed it's sustenance and I needed my own. Tonight, I would hunt. Tonight, I would feed. Tonight, I would take my fill of blood... and other things.

As I drove along the streets in search of prey, I reflected on the subject of names. I had been called many things over the years. Demon, ghost, vampire, deceiver, and devil... I have been known by them all. My personal favorite was simple and more accurate than they could ever know... The Drinker of Souls. I suppose it is the soul I feast upon, and a better repast I have never tasted.

I seldom fed from prostitutes, for their eyes show the truth about them. They hold no soul of their own anymore, and those that do are tainted by their trade. Tonight, however, I spotted an interesting thing. I could tell she was for sale by her movements, but they were uncertain. She was new to this city and this life.

She looked young under her heavy makeup, but she was full of womanhood. Her breasts were caught in a shimmering prison of lace and silk. Her legs were long, and I could see most of them under her tight skirt. I could SMELL the innocence about her, though. I pulled over to the curb and asked her if she wanted a ride.

My prey was nervous when she got in my car, but I eased her tensions. She felt safety with me, saw in my eyes that I would never hurt her. She knew with her heart from the time she first saw me that I wanted only for our mutual pleasure. I guess it is true, that I am a master liar as well. With eternity to practice, anything can become second nature.

We drove to the park, and she said that she only wanted company. She told me her story of endless nights of hard sex, and of her longing to return to her small home town. I promised to listen, all the while maneuvering her into the trees. She asked me if I could not fuck her like the others did. All she wanted was to be made love to. She had been a virgin before her fall from 'grace', as it were. Then I knew my choice had been a good one after all.

I looked her deep in the eyes and touched her body. She shivered under my cold flesh, and sought the earth under her feet for a bed. As I lowered myself to her, she spread her legs like all good little girls know they should. I surprised her by not starting there, but by kissing her feet first. I kissed and licked from the bottom up. Each toe was sucked on, her ankles were nibbled with wild abandon. I felt the beast within me rising up for her blood, but I held it in check.

As my mouth moved closer to her dripping loveliness, her breath got harder. My tongue passed over her thigh and she grabbed me and held me closer. When my mouth did finally reach the temple at which so many worship, it was ready to accept all of me. I have never been known to refuse an invitation, so I spread her wide and got to work.

My tongue and lips sought out her deepest parts. I kissed and sucked on her lips. The hair around them was already soaked, and I took great pleasure in licking it even wetter. Finally, I shoved myself as deep inside her as I could, and she almost came right there. Then I felt my true nature coming out.

The tip of my tongue, surrounded as it was by her flesh, broke open. The barest trickle of blood came out, along with a probe unlike anything that had been inside her before. She felt nothing out of the ordinary at first, but then her pleasure intensified. My probe went deeper into her, touching parts of her that no man had touched before. As her orgasm began, I felt it searching her womb, where life could once have begun.

Her cries of pleasure didn't die as quickly as she thought they should, and you should have heard her voice when she realized she was still cumming. As I touched her even more deeply, she came harder and harder. One orgasm followed the next so quickly that there seemed no distance between them. This pleasure disguised my true intent, for she didn't realize that I was feeding on this pleasure... and much more.

Finally, I withdrew my probe and she came back down to earth. She was so exhausted she couldn't move. All she was capable of was whispering her eternal love for me. She knew that anyone who could do that had to keep her forever. I stared into her eyes with an approving smile. Then I felt the hunger of my body again, and knew it was time for the rest.

Her eyes widened in terror as fangs burst forth from my cold jaws. Where my tongue had been, my teeth returned. For an instant, she cried in pain as they pierced her cup of womanhood. Then she became more than womanhood's vessel to me... she became my Grail. Her hot, pulsing life flowed into my mouth, and I swallowed it with reckless abandon. Before, I had taken something she wouldn't have missed much for a while. Now her struggling legs wrapped around my head and her bare feet beat at my back. After a minute, the flow of blood stopped and she was still.

As always, I disrobed then. I thrust my hard cock into her still warm body. When I was deep inside her, I willed it to expand. Her poor cunt reached it's limits and ruptured. Then I slit her throat. Whoever found her would believe she had been raped and then killed. In a way, I guess that is the best way to describe what happened.

Now I am alone again, in my room of dreams and nightmares. I look at myself in the mirror. The blood didn't even get on my clothes. The sun is about to come up, and I know that another night must fall. When my twin hungers come again, the Drinker of Souls will roam the streets. For where I go, the only true release is death.