 Disclaimer: My stories take place in a parallel dimension where sexually transmitted diseases don't exist If you have sex in our dimension, at least wear a condom.

*

It was a great night for driving, so I didn't mind the late hours of travelling from my apartment to my parent's house for a weekend visit. The moon was nearly full, bright enough that I probably could have seen the road without headlights, if I'd dared. It had been a warm day but the night was cooling off and I was looking forward to seeing my family.

There was a mess of summer construction still going on at various points along the interstate, so I was driving down the county highways to bypass the delays. It made the trip a little longer but it was worth it to avoid the traffic stalls and driving through construction zones. Those areas where they constrict the lanes with orange barrels always make me nervous.

I'd been driving for an hour already so at first I didn't notice the pale object up ahead, moving along the road. Then I saw it and my heart skipped a beat as I imagined a deer preparing to leap into my headlights. I cautiously slowed down but as I got closer I could see it was a person, in a white shirt. I hadn't passed a car so I decided they must be out for a late night walk.

Just as I was starting to move my foot and accelerate past, the person turned a pale, female face back to look at me. She turned and gestured to me and I slowed and pulled alongside. I was wondering what she was doing out but not bothered since she was alone, female, and as I was noticing in the headlights, very attractive. I slowed to a stop and hit the button to roll down the window as she walked up alongside.

"Hi, what's up?" I asked her as she leaned down to look in the car. The front of her shirt gaped slightly in that position but in the dashboard-illuminated darkness I couldn't see anything. She had a pretty, girl-next-door face with a cute upturned nose and dark eyes, framed in a curtain of hair that looked black in the dim lighting.

"Hi, could I please get a lift from you?" she asked. She didn't seem desperate or lost but I got a feeling that she was anxious about my answer.

"I suppose, where are you going?"

She named a town about halfway from where we were to my destination. I didn't see any problem with taking her there, since it was on my way so I smiled and nodded. "Sure, that's on my way. Hop in."

"Great!" she smiled too and quickly climbed into the car. She was wearing a skirt and even in the darkness I could see she had great legs. "Hi, I'm Cindy."

"Uh, hi, Jason."

I pulled back onto the road and we drove for a few miles in silence. Then I glanced over at her, "so what are you doing out on the road this time of night? I didn't see a car."

"Oh, I don't have a car. I work a ways back down the road and at night I just start walking and hitch a ride with someone going this way."

I glanced over again and caught her looking at me. She looked away hurriedly.

"That's kind of dangerous. What if you got picked up by somebody nasty? I'm nice," I hastened to add, "but not everyone out driving is as nice as I am."

She looked down at her hands, clasped in her lap, "I know, I probably shouldn't do it. I guess that risk is part of the excitement for me." She looked back at me and met my eyes this time, smiling. "So far all the guys who've picked me up have been really nice."

I thought she was pressing her luck hitching but it wasn't my business and I'd given my warning. We continued to make small talk as the miles rolled by. I told her about working as a commercial consultant, living in the city, how I liked to go hiking in the area. I found out that she was 20, she'd been working at the restaurant back down the road since she was 16, and she was going to a community college to get a teaching degree. We discussed teaching and kids for a few moments and then the conversation sort of trailed off. We drove in comfortable silence for a few miles and we were getting close to the town she'd named.

I heard her turn towards me, "Jason, do you think I'm beautiful?"

The question caught me off-guard and it took me a moment to answer. I glanced at her a couple times but she was just looking at me, a hopeful look on her face. I didn't want to make her feel bad, and she was attractive. "Yes, certainly. Why?"

"I just wanted to make sure," was her cryptic reply.

I pondered over that little exchange as we rode into town and the more I thought about it, the more I was becoming aware of her. Her warm presence, the hint of her perfume in the air, little sounds she made when she moved, and the sound of her soft voice as she directed me through town. Then we pulled up in front of a house she indicated, a small ranch-style place set back from the street behind several tall bushes that almost obscured the building.

"This is my house," she said, looking at me. She put her hand on my leg and it was like a jolt of electricity shot up my body from that point of contact. "I really want to thank you, Jason."

"That's fine," I said, feeling my mouth getting dry. My face was strangely warm. "It was on my way."

"I know, but you were very nice. I really want to pay you back for helping me out, but I don't have any money."

"No, it's okay. I don't mind. You're welcome," I told her. The last was nearly a croak, I was now intensely aware of her presence, her body.

"But I want to thank you," she purred, and her hand slid up and down my thigh a few times, then dipped down onto my crotch. I was already semi-erect and I quickly hardened as she squeezed me.

"Oh my god," I moaned.

She smiled and continued to manipulate my penis through my pants. "Do you like that?" she asked, even though the answer was obvious. She shifted closer to me and I leaned towards her and a part of my mind was thanking god that my Buick didn't have a center armrest.

I put my arm over her shoulder and drew her closer and then her warm, soft lips were pressed to mine. We kissed, out lips working together for a moment, then hers opened and her tongue found its way into my mouth. I felt her fingers working on my pants, then they loosened and a moment later her cool fingers slipped in and wrapped around my cock.

We continued to kiss as her nimble fingers worked my penis out of my pants and she began to stroke it up and down. She broke the kiss momentarily, "touch me. . ."

I didn't want to burst any bubble, but I had to be certain, "are you sure you want to do this, Cindy?"

"Yes, I want it so much," she assured me. She released my cock long enough to take my wrist and guide my hand to her smooth thigh just below the hem of her skirt. Then our mouths and tongues came together again and she resumed stroking my throbbing shaft. 

My heart was pounding and my penis was rock hard. I was breathing heavily through my nose, but the feeling of her lips and tongue against mine was too erotic to stop. I slid my hand up her satiny skin, under her skirt. I could feel the warmth of her pussy, then damp curls grazed the back of my fingers. She wasn't wearing panties! I groaned into her mouth and moved my hand to cup her sex, then it was her turn to moan. She was very wet and my middle finger parted her folds then slid easily into her grasping warmth.

But the situation was getting to me. I could feel the pleasure building in the tip of my cock and I pulled away from her to gasp. "If we don't stop I'm going to cumm!"

Cindy's answer was to slide down onto the seat and move her head into my lap. My finger slipped out of her but a moment later I didn't care because her hot, wet mouth closed over the head of my penis and she started to suck while bobbing her head up and down.

"Oh god!" I blurted. I tangled my fingers in her dark hair and my hips raised involuntarily off the seat. She continued to bob her head, slurping at my pole, and in no time I was at the point of no return.

"Uhn, uhn uhn," I grunted, my hips jerking, as my cock twitched in her mouth and my orgasm crested. I could feel the jets of semen spurting up my cock into her mouth and then her swallowing motions. My climax began to ebb and still she sucked, urging the last droplets of cumm from my body. She slurped and sucked and soon the sensations became unbearable as I started to soften.

"Oh! Wait! Stop, stop!" I urged, lifting her head out of my lap. She sat back into her seat and smiled at me with glistening lips. "Oh, wow. . ." was all I could say. Cindy ran a small pink tongue around her lips, then wiped them on the back of her hand.

I looked down at my wilted penis lying half out of my pants, shiny with saliva and semen. "Oh, wow," I repeated, "that was great. Thank you."

"I'm not done yet," Cindy said in a husky voice. I watched in amazed delight as she started to unbutton her white shirt. The shirt fell open as she undid it and my eyes must have been becoming accustomed to the dark, because I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra and when she lifted the shirt open I could see the pale pink of the perky nipples that tipped each small breast. She pulled the shirt out and dropped it in the back seat, then undid a zipper on the right side of her skirt. That pulled away too and my eyes were riveted to the dark patch of hair that covered the swell of her sex.

"Watch," she said, and bent her left knee, then lifted her leg up and propped her foot behind my neck. She had kicked her shoes off at some point. Her pussy was completely exposed at that angle and I watched her run her fingers over the swollen lips, then part them with two fingers. Her pussy made a wet noise and the interior glistened in the light. She traced her middle finger up and down the open slit, then arched it and I watched it disappear inside her body. When she pulled it out it too was slick with her juices. She repeated the process, then added her index finger, pushing them slowly in then slowly out so I could see her labia clinging to the digits. She raised her hand and sucked both fingers into her mouth and I felt my penis beginning to swell again. She gathered some more moisture from inside her body and leaned forward, placing her fingers on my lips. Her scent filled my nostrils, musky, strong, aroused. I took the offered fingers in my mouth and sucked them, tasting her spicy essence. 

When she lay back against the door again she took my hand with her and put it on her breast. I squeezed the firm flesh slowly and felt her rigid nipple scrape across my fingers. She was fucking herself again, wet noises filling the car, and I noticed that the windows were starting to fog.

I continued to massage her breast and watch her masturbate for maybe ten minutes. The windows were totally obscured and I was completely erect again, stiff and aching. Cindy's head had lolled back against the window and her eyes were closed as she concentrated on the sensations we were creating in her body. I slipped my free hand down and couldn't help stroking myself while I watched her building to her climax.

Her leg started to tighten on my neck and she hunched her hips off the seat, fucking up against her fingers and hand. She thrust up once, twice, three times, while mewling noises bubbled from her throat. Then she pressed down on me hard and lifted totally off the seat, supported by her legs and head, her body trembling. "Uhnnnnahhhhhh!" she gasped, and the moist sounds from her plunging fingers got even wetter. I looked down in time to see fluid pulsing out around her pumping fingers and flowing down the crack of her ass.

Cindy came hard, thrusting her hips and shoving her fingers brutally into her cunt. Her eyes were screwed shut and her teeth were bared in a rictus of pleasure as she came. She started to lower her hips and I thought she was done, but she suddenly speeded her finger-fucking and thrust upward again. Either she was enjoying a second orgasm or continuing the first, but she was completely enjoying herself.

At last she lowered her ass to the seat and began to relax. She breathed deeply several times then opened her eyes and smiled at me. "Mmmmm," she hummed, "that was nice."

"Yes it was," I croaked. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen.

"Are you ready?" she asked, and glanced down at my jutting cock. "Yes you are." She lowered her leg and shifted around to crouch on the seat next to me, her hands busy with my belt. "Take your pants down," she urged.

With her help we got my pants pulled down around my shins, then she was wriggling between me and the steering wheel, her small breasts jiggling in my face.

"Shouldn't we use a condom?" I asked, although I didn't have one.

"Why?" was all she said, as her fingers grasped my penis. She tugged it down a little and I felt myself slide across her lips, then my knob fitted into her vaginal opening. Any concerns I had vanished in a wave of hormones and we both moaned as her pussy glided down around my cock. The first inch slid in smoothly but she was tight and she had to push down to take the rest of me inside her. I didn't mind, her slick snugness felt wonderful. For a moment as she totally engulfed me our eyes met. Then I bent my head and nuzzled at one swollen nipple and she began to work her cunt up and down on my shaft. Gradually she adjusted to my thickness and we started to move faster. I slid my hands down and cupped her flexing buttocks, pulling her onto me then letting her rise up off my pole. She had her hands on my shoulders and at the bottom of every stroke she ground her crotch against mine, seeking that extra friction on her clit.

"Mmmm, mmmm, cumm, give me your cumm," she murmured, urgently moving on my impaling penis. She was going to have her wish, the suction and pleasure around my cock was driving me crazy and I felt another orgasm approaching.

"Oh baby, oh god," I babbled. She would pull off me till only my knob was clasped in her pussy, then push down with my help until I was completely embedded. Every few strokes she would pause at the bottom and roll her hips, sluicing my shaft in her cunt and grinding her clit against me. I felt her pussy begin to flutter around me and she grabbed me tightly.

"Uhnnngggllllll, oh uhhhnnnnnn!" she gasped, shuddering through another orgasm. My crotch was bathed in fluid warmth and waves of suction milked my penis. She reached abruptly down behind herself and pressed my balls against herself, I could feel her anus flexing against the sensitive skin. I squeezed her ass, nibbled at a nipple and did all I could to increase her pleasure. Then she began to relax and roll her hips again and soon she was bouncing on me again.

Her pussy was sucking at my cock, the inner membranes rubbing delightfully along my entire length and grasping at the bulbous tip. I was close, getting so close, my balls tightening in preparation to pumping a huge load of cumm. 

"I'm gonna cumm!" I warned her, "oh, gonna cumm!"

"Yes! Yes! Cumm inside me!" 

I pulled her tightly against me and she rolled her hips in a fluid motion that sent me over the edge. Intense pleasure flooded out of my cock with each jerking spurt as I shot once, twice, three, four, five, six streams of jism into her cunt. 

I held her against me after my orgasm and we kissed hungrily, tasting each other over and over. She continued to move her hips, riding up and down on my cock until it softened and slipped out of her. Finally she climbed off my lap and collapsed into the seat next to me, one leg still across my lap. We sat and smiled at each other like happy idiots and slowly caught our breath.

"My god, Cindy, that was incredible!" I told her when I could speak.

She smiled sleepily, one hand trailing over her right breast. "Mmmm, I liked it too. Thank you, Jason."

I chuckled, "what are you talking about? I should be thanking you. That was the best sex I've ever had." I thought for a second, "I have to ask, you don't do that with every guy that gives you a ride, do you?"

"No, just with very nice men," she replied. She sat up and fished in the back seat for a moment, coming back with her clothing. The shirt went on easily and I helped her get the skirt back under her soft, smooth buttocks. By the time she was done dressing my penis was beginning to stir again, but I knew somehow that the sex was done for the night.

"Um, well, do you think I could see you again?" I asked, hating how desperate it sounded.

She put her hand on my cheek, then leaned forward and kissed me softly and tenderly. "Maybe. Stop when you come back through on Sunday." She opened her door and slid out of the car before I had time to say anything and then I wondered how she knew I'd be coming back through on Sunday.

"Wait-" I started to say but I was interrupted by the door closing. I started to open my door but had to stop and pull my pants back up. When I was decent I hurriedly climbed out of the car and turned to the house but she was nowhere in sight. The house was still dark and I listened carefully for any sound of a door closing or footsteps, watched for a light to come on, but there was nothing. It was kind of creepy so I got back in the car and turned on the ventilation full-blast to clear the windows.

I was a little disappointed that I hadn't been able to talk to her more, or see her inside, but she had said for me to stop back on Sunday. I smiled happily and shifted in my seat to get my sticky cock in a more comfortable position. The windows were clearing so I put the car in gear and headed out for my parents'.

Sunday afternoon I pulled into the town and found the house I'd dropped Cindy off at. At first I wasn't sure it was the same house because it was obviously very old and run-down, but the address was right and the houses on either side looked the same. I parked the car and went up to knock on the door.

An older woman, in her forties but looking very much like Cindy, answered the door. I assumed this was Cindy's mother. "Hello, is Cindy here?"

The woman went white. "Excuse me?"

I was puzzled but I pushed on. "Is Cindy here? She told me to stop by today to see her."

The woman stared at me for a long moment, until I was very uncomfortable. I was just about to say something, ask her what was wrong, when she shook her head. "You'd better come in."

I wondered if something bad had happened to Cindy since Friday but I followed the woman into the house and took the seat she offered me on the couch. She sat in a chair across from me and took a deep breath."You really spoke to Cindy?" she asked, watching me intently.

"Yes," I told her, "I gave her a ride home Friday night. Did something happen to her?"

The woman thought for a long time, "you could say that. Let's see, Friday was the 19th. . .yes, that makes sense."

I was starting to feel a little irritation before she continued. "I'm sorry. I should introduce myself. I'm Corinne, you can call me Cori, Mr. . .?"

"Jason, you can call me Jason."

"Jason. I don't know how to tell you this so I'll be blunt. Cindy was my older sister. She died twenty years ago Friday."

At first I thought she was joking in some way, but I searched her face and saw she was serious. "No way. . ."

"I'm afraid so. She was riding home with a young man like yourself, from work, and it was raining. Another car lost control and hit them head on. Cindy was killed instantly, the young man was in a coma for two years before passing away." She leaned back and watched me.

I was totally confused, "what, I mean, how? How could she ride home with me. She was real!"

Cori closed her eyes for a moment and shook her head, then looked into my eyes again. "I can't explain it, but it has happened before. Every few years on that date someone sees her and gives her a ride here. She asks them to come by in a couple days and when they do, I have to explain the whole thing. You gave a ride to a ghost, Jason." She must have seen me start or grow pale. "Are you all right?"
