 (This story and its characters are strictly fictional. The writing is simply done to keep a bit of creativity. My goal is an entertaining story with a bit of sexual activity. The chapters are written as I find time, which is not often, and may seem a bit broken as i go months without adding to the story.)

*

Three hours had passed since Vanak had fucked the whore in front of Selene. The rage and anger he felt towards the twisted Vampire hadn't eased much but it was late and Rachel, his girlfriend, would be worried if he didn't make it home soon. 

The right thing to do would be to explain to his beloved Rachel the truth thus releasing Selene's hold over him but how do you explain to your soul mate that you killed her sister ten years ago without her freaking out and leaving? Vanak was uncertain he could deal with both the hate that Rachel would then have towards him nor the memories of his relationship with Lauren and her slow death. A Lycanthropic plague is a terrible thing particularly when you are the carrier.

Vanak's thoughts returned to the now. The rundown apartment building stood in front of him. A four family flat in a shithole suburb that stunk of alcohol and filth...and that was without the heightened senses of a Shifter. The door to the building sat crooked on its top hinge and didn't come within two feet of closing even after he walked through and pulled the handle behind him and heading up the stairs two at a time.

2C. The door wasn't locked when he twisted the handle and went into the dimly lit apartment. Drab yellow walls with the paint peeling in places and a few holes in the drywall gave a dull look to the sparsely furnished living room. A single couch with a few cushions, several pillows on the floor in front of a small, blaring TV that shared a table with a single bulb lamp. At least Rachel was a good housekeeper and their home was well kept no matter the neighborhood and paint.

Sniffing the air he smiled at the scent of a roast cooking in the crock pot. Even in human form all of his senses, like other Shifters, were way above the average human and he quickly picked out the pleasant smell of his dinner while walking quietly into his apartment. The kitchen, a small strip of tile with a stove and refrigerator, came into view off the living room but was empty. Reaching over he clicked the TV's 'off' button and listened for a brief moment before his smile grew. They had a visitor.

Moving silently down the hallway it didn't take Shifter hearing to catch soft moaning coming from the bedroom but the near undetectable odor of arousal hung strongly in the air and his animal nature devoured the scent, his cock stirring to life.

"Mmm, yeah, that's the spot." A female voice came from his bedroom and it definitely wasn't Rachel's. Too deep with a hint of a Spanish accent. 

The bedroom door was not shut tight and, while not going out of his way to be quiet, he eased the door open just enough to slide into the room unnoticed. His assumption was correct and the voice did belong to their neighbor that lived in the apartment below them. Anna Juarez, 19 year old newlywed who's husband was away on military duty and found herself alone in a new city. 

The long black hair of the Puerto Rican girl framed her dark, attractive face that had a thin sheen of sweat on it. She was laying back, arms supporting her slim upper body, and totally nude. Her small breasts were firm and set high on her chest unaffected by gravity and age just like the rest of her smooth figure. Her nipples, almost black in color, sat in the middle of a huge areola that nearly covered her entire breast. Her stomach was flat and smooth with a glint of jewelry coming from her navel. Her long legs spread wide across the disheveled bed.

Vanak's heart skipped a beat at the beautiful creature that knelt between Anna's legs. Rachel had always done this to him even after having been lovers for nearly a year. Her golden hair spilled out and spread across the thighs of Anna, the contrast of colors so vivid. Her ass was arched high off the bed, perfectly shaped and smooth, cheeks parted slightly to show her crinkled hole surrounded by soft golden hair that led down to a thick patch that completely covered her pussy. Even in human form the soft hair was evident across her body and very thick in some places. Vanak loved it.

Rachel was absorbed in pleasing the young Puerto Rican neighbor. The Lycanthropic blood in her continuously craved attention and affection and was always eager to return that affection. Once Anna had shown an interest in her their sexual based relationship flourished into a daily routine. This was not the first time Vanak had watched them pleasure one another.

Rachel's tongue swirled around Anna's swollen, throbbing clit, each touch bringing a thrust of her hips and a deep moan from the girl's mouth. Anna pulled viciously at her own nipples, tugging and twisting them before allowing them to snap back only to pinch them and start all over. Her head tossed from side to side, her pelvis thrusting to stay in contact with Rachel's talented tongue.

Vanak slid his pants off releasing his now erect cock and eased up behind Rachel's outthrust ass. Up close he could see the thick golden pubic hair matted together by the moisture seeping from within her hidden folds. Beads of her excitement literally dripped from the hair covering her pussy and could be seen running down the insides of her thighs. She had always been a virtual waterfall when excited and the sight of her juices running was nothing new and only served to further arouse Vanak.

Opening her eyes Anna smiled upon seeing him. Her love for Rachel's tongue was only matched by the thickness of Vanak's hard cock. No man had ever stretched her young pussy quite like he did yet somehow remained gentle with her. She licked her lips while staring into his eyes and tugging her nipples, "Fuck her Vanak."

Needing no encouragement he ran the head of his cock through Rachel's thick pubic hair, sliding up and down until the moist hair had parted and her sopping slit was exposed. Her clit, now revealed, was long and thick like a small penis, her lips, soaked in pussy juice, hung obscenely around her visibly gaping hole. 

'Absolutely perfect,' Vanak thought to himself, his thick thumbs pulling her pussy lips wide open, a muffled sigh from Rachel's busy mouth as her pussy pumped out a small trail of juice.

Vanak eased the thick bulged head of his cock at the wide spread entrance to his girlfriends pussy. He thought back to their early days together when her sweet hole was nearly too tight for him to enter and how many months it took for her to accommodate his girth before coming back around as his head slipped smoothly passed her stretched outer lips. Rachel brought his mind completely back when she slammed her hips backwards taking the full length of his cock deep into her womb before feeling his nuts slap her spread thighs. The loud moan of pleasure that escaped from Rachel's mouth pushed him to drive deeper into her hot pussy.

Rachel gave him no choice but to pound her pussy roughly with long stroke after long stroke. If he dared slow up just a bit she would slam her pussy back against him causing an obscene squishing noise as her juices were forced out around his cock. The deep fucking she was receiving had made her forget about Anna's delicious pussy and her face was now buried between a pillow and Anna's sweating body.

Enjoying the sight of her new friends roughly fucking Anna slid from where her pussy had been licked moments earlier. Her thin body twisting around Rachel's hips until she could see Vanak's beautiful, thick veined cock slamming into the loose pussy. It was no wonder Rachel's pussy lips hung down and her hole gaped open! The way he was thrusting into her and her ass slamming back it was amazing she could walk the next day!

After nearly twenty minutes of the rough fucking both Vanak and Rachel were dripping in sweat as they slowed their pace. Anna, tired of being a spectator, swung a leg over Rachel's back and straddled her laying her stomach and small breasts on her damp back until her face was only inches away from where vanak's smooth pole was working in and out of Rachel.

Anna watched, intoxicated, as the thick pole forced Rachel's thick furred lips apart, a hint of flesh showed, dark red from the pounding, pubic hair matted in sweat and pussy juice. Anna inhaled the deep, intoxicating scent of sex, sweat and closeness of Rachel's asshole. Puckering her lips she let a thick strand of spit slide out of her mouth and dangle towards Rachel's sweaty ass crack, the thick stream hit just above her dark brown ring and quickly settled into the wrinkled opening. Anna traced her finger from the top of Rachel's crack down towards the spit covered hole, her finger tip dipping into the thick glob and slowly sinking into the snug warmth of Rachel's ass. Rachel had told her that Vanak had only tried to take her anally one time and was very unsuccessful, the thought that she was fingering her where Vanak hadn't been excited her.

Timing it just as Vanak withdrew his cock she sunk her finger as deep as it would go eliciting a passionate growl from deep within Rachel then quickly slid her finger back out as Vanak's cock slid back in. They matched rhythms for several minutes, cock stretching her pussy and a finger in her ass, before Anna, noticing her saliva drying, completely withdrew from the tight grasp of her ass. Bringing the finger to her lips she stuck her tongue out, tasting the tip, before sucking the length of the digit into her mouth. Swirling her tongue around the dirty finger she moaned as she sucked it clean before adding a 2nd finger to her mouth. The entire scene had her grinding her dark haired mound on Rachel's back as she heavily coated both fingers with spit. Rachel, relaxed and totally aroused, had no problem taking both of Anna's fingers into her tight rectum. Anna wasted no time pumping her fingers into the snug hole as she could feel Rachel's body tensing as it built towards orgasm.

Fingers and cock continued their relentless pounding on Rachel's pussy and ass, the excitement and pleasure of the dual assault was pushing her towards a massive orgasm. She started grunting loudly in rhythm to Vanak's nuts smacking her thighs. Anna increased her fingers to a blur as they thrust through the light curls covering Rachel's now opened asshole. Rachel was moaning loudly into the pillow, her face buried in an attempt to muffle the noise. Her fingers pinched and roughly pulled her rock hard nipples, stretching them as far as her skin would allow before giving up and smashing them back to her chest.

When her orgasm came it was beyond intense. Anna had slid her free hand underneath Rachel's body and felt her way through the thick, soft curls to find Rachel's swollen, moist clit. The large nub, sticking out like a small penis, allowed Anna to pinch the sensitive flesh between her thumb and forefinger and then stroke it back and forth like she was jacking her off. The stimulation of her clit and Vanak's massive member brought her over the edge. Her body tensed for a couple of second, unmoving as she was still being fucked, as pleasure rippled through her body. Wave after wave shook her until she couldn't take any more and collapsed onto the sweat soaked sheets. She lay still except for her heavy breathing, eyes closed, a look of satisfaction her face.

Anna, still lying on Rachel's back, lifted herself up until her face was inches away from Vanak's pussy covered cock. The swollen purple head throbbed and precum literally ran down the head before steadily dripping onto the sheets as he had been so very close to cumming. 

"Let me help you with that." Anna whispered, breaking the silence in the room.

Opening her mouth as wide as she could Anna engulfed the head of Vanak's cock. Her tongue greedily swirling around the tip as she licked Rachel's cream off of it. Lubricating his cock with precum she began pumping the base while continuing to suck the tip into her mouth, her other hand rubbed gently around his tightened sack. The steady leaking in her mouth and the swelling of Vanak's cock head gave her warning a few seconds before his body stiffened. 

Vanak grabbed the back of Anna's head, his hands locking into her dark waived hair, and pumped her face into his groin before jerking her back. Just as his cock would get ready to slip out he would jam it deep into Anna's mouth, her throat relaxed to let the monster slide down, only to pull back before she choked. Unable to take anymore stimulation he forced his cock as deep as it would go and then unloaded. Anna swallowed as quickly as possible as thick stream after thick stream was shot into her throat, her breathing coming a bit short as cum and cock blocked her throat. Vanak's member throbbed a final time before slipping from her mouth and down her chin before flapping against his own thigh, a trail of cum traced down her chin.

Anna smiled as Vanak stepped back, she looked him in the eyes and then back to his still swollen member before smiling and licking her lips. Her smile quickly tightened in surprise, her eyes bulged slightly as she felt Rachel's long tongue press against her clit and slide between the folds of her wet pussy all the way up her as crack. Coming back down the warm, damp tongue paused at her tight asshole, the sparse hair around the tight brown hole stuck to the now damp skin. Rachel made tiny circles against the wrinkled opening until it relaxed enough to let her tongue slightly penetrate the dark hole. Anna could only moan as her neighbor slid around behind her and tongued her ass in a fucking motion. Slamming her face against the sweet ass cheeks her tongue was able to go deeper into the now heavily moaning woman's asshole. 

Vanak walked behind to join his girlfriend. He slid his thick fingers through Anna's dark bush, finding her hard little clit he began to swiftly rub it while regularly dipping into her soaking pussy for more lubricant. Anna's eyes were closed, her face in the bed now, fingers roughly pinching her own thick nipple, while a hand played across her clit and a tongue was being jammed in her ass. Being the center of such talent quickly sent her to her own orgasm, her legs squeezing shut, ass cheeks grabbing at Rachel's talented tongue, and she screamed out in pleasure, body shaking from the waves of pleasure that rippled through her.

The room was quiet except for heavy breathing as all three collapsed on the rumpled covers of the bed.