 The legend of Uvulu'ai stated the god inhabited a cave high in the mountains. It took Ramsey Lumley five days to hack through the dense jungle before he encountered the narrow opening adorned with the simple carvings of the Lu'ai tribe. His guide had abandoned him the night before, which in Lumley's experience was usually a strong indicator he wasn't far from his goal.

A common misconception still held that Papua New Guinea was an island inhabited solely by savage tribes still clinging onto cannibalistic practises. This was partially true, but the virtually impassable terrain of mountain and jungle had created an anthropologist's dream of myriad alternate human cultures and tribal societies.

Lumley was only as much of an anthropologist as he knew which museums paid the best dollar for native artefacts.

In his view the Lu'ai, with their maternal lines of dominance, were especially pathetic. It was a militant feminist's fantasy. The men still did all the hunting, but it was the women that ran the village. The elite formed a ruling coterie of witchdoctors and were responsible for making all the decisions.

How this had happened, or how the Lu'ai had managed to survive without being overrun by one of the more vicious tribes, was a mystery to Lumley. He suspected the latter was a factor of their geographic isolation. As for the former, well he reckoned the witchdoctors had a lot to do with that. They were only ever female and they were the sacred keepers of whatever mumbo jumbo the rest of the village felt it couldn't survive without.

One of those rituals was an interesting variant on the old 'sacrifice a virgin' classic. Except for the Lu'ai it was always a young man that had to offer himself to their rapacious god. In other words, a highly convenient way of getting rid of troublesome young males.

Lumley also suspected the witchdoctors had a few more tricks of a more... medicinal nature.

Around the village he'd seen a few males that appeared to be afflicted with some sort of disorder. They did no work, didn't even seem capable of doing work, yet they were revered and cared for by the other villagers. Their affliction appeared to have rendered them little more than drooling idiots. Most disconcerting was their permanent erections, continually oozing pre-cum. His first thought was that they fulfilled some form of sexual function, like a kind of stud for breeding. This turned out not to be the case as was revealed to him later. The women never had intercourse with them. They were considered holy or blessed, the property of god and off-limits. The Embraced of Uvulu'ai was a term Lumley heard a lot, although he wasn't sure his translation was correct. 

While Kuru, the human equivalent of mad cow disease, was prevalent in some of the tribes, mainly as a result of the primitive ritualistic practise of eating the brains of recently deceased relations or enemies, Lumley didn't think it was responsible in this case. He suspected a medicinal cause. The clan of witchdoctors had an extensive knowledge of the medicinal properties of the flora and fauna of the region, passed down from generation to generation. Lumley suspected one way to keep the male population under control was to drug the alpha males to the drooling state he'd seen around the village.

It was something that bore further investigation.

A few relics would finance this little expedition. A new heroin, or cocaine -- and the pharmaceutical potential of most of the area still had yet to be tapped -- would set him up in luxury for life.

He first learnt about the temple of Uvulu'ai from the girl who'd acted as his guide and teacher of their language when he'd first been welcomed to the village.

This was just after he'd raped her.

That had been a sweet experience. She was a junior member of the witchdoctor clique, but still possessed the comeliness of youth.

Oh yes, very comely.

Lumley had been a little disappointed she still wasn't a virgin. Still her cunt had felt tight enough when he'd forced her down and thrust his cock into her.

Her look of shock had been the most thrilling for Lumley. The women of the Lu'ai were clearly unused to this kind of treatment.

Think of it as preparation for the arrival of the real world, he thought. Out there real men call the shots.

The look of disgust on her face afterwards satisfied him she wouldn't be telling anyone about their moment of 'intimacy'. In Lumley's experience there was no better gag than shame.

Afterwards he'd got her to tell him about the Embraced and the temple of Uvulu'ai.

There was a temple up in the mountains; a shrine to their god Uvulu'ai. It was where the young men went to offer themselves as sacrifices to their god. The temple was likely a treasure trove of Lu'ai artefacts, but Lumley was far more interested to hear it held the secret behind the Embraced. Exactly what he didn't know. At this point the girl had gone sullen and refused to talk any more.

Even after Lumley had slapped her around the face a couple of times.

When Lumley had announced his intention to visit the temple he'd been surprised at the response. The entire village had thrown a party in his honour. They must have thought he was going to offer himself up to their god or something. Still it felt good to be treated like the big chief for an evening.

During the celebrations the witch's coven of wizened village headwomen had tried to force a cup of a foul stinking brew on him. Mindful of his suspicions about how the Embraced had ended up as drooling zombies, Lumley only pretended to drink and spat out the contents when no one was looking. He managed to sneak a sample of the liquid into a flask. He had contacts in various illicit drugs labs that might be interested in the contents if his suspicions were correct.

Now, five days later, Lumley stood outside the temple entrance. The steps leading up to the archway were cracked and overgrown by the jungle. While crude, they implied some knowledge of stone working and were evidence the Lu'ai might be the remnants of a much more powerful and prosperous civilisation.

He switched on a torch and walked through the archway and down a set of worn steps. The walls were decorated with primitive pictograms. Lumley couldn't understand them. It was the usual confusing religious mish-mash primitive peoples came up with to try and make sense of the world around them. He wondered if it might be profitable to bring a crew back here to chisel them out.

The corridor didn't extend too long before opening out into a natural cavern. It wasn't quite a full cavern. Parts of the ceiling had eroded and fallen in. There was enough sunlight pouring in through the holes that Lumley didn't need his torch.

The tunnel opened out into the cavern about halfway up the wall. There were steps that led down to the cavern floor. The entrance to the temple proper was a narrow fracture in the far wall. The Lu'ai had widened it and decorated the wall with a giant mural of Uvulu'ai. It was the standard representation of a fertility deity. Big tits and the opening into the temple was clearly where the vagina would be on the mural.

A lot of the detail had been lost, eroded by the two narrow waterfalls that trickled down on either side of the temple entrance. The water formed pools on the cavern floor, but there was still a dry path, although a little winding, that led to the temple entrance.

Could it be the water, he thought? Some trace mineral or chemical?

No, that was too simple. Whatever was causing the affliction was more complex. Lumley suspected some kind of unknown plant or, more likely given the subterranean location, fungus.

There were two torches on either side of the entrance and Lumley was surprised to see they were lit. He thought the temple was shunned by the village. Maybe one of the sacrifices had had second thoughts and was hiding out here.

If that was the case then Lumley would pointedly remind him of his duties to his deity. He put a hand on the gun holstered at his waist.

As he walked towards the temple entrance he noticed a figure illuminated by the light of the torches.

It was most definitely not a male runaway, not unless the witchdoctors' knowledge of medicine extended to sex change hormones.

The figure standing in the doorway was a strikingly beautiful young woman. She had the same very dark skin of the Lu'ai, but was tall by their standards. Maybe even as tall as Lumley and he was over six foot. She was naked from the waist up and her exposed breasts were large and firm. Her arms were crossed beneath them, but were hidden in the folds of a black robe that fell down and joined the shadows obscuring the whole of her lower body.

'Who brings themselves into the presence of the goddess Uvulu'ai?" the girl said in the language of the Lu'ai.

A goddess heh, Lumley was less than convinced. It was more smoke and mirrors to keep the pussy-whipped men of the Lu'ai in their place. The witchdoctors must nominate one of their own to mind the temple and act as 'goddess' to the poor saps who came up here to sacrifice themselves.

"Have you come to offer me your seed?" the girl continued.

Offer his seed, Lumley chortled to himself. It got better. He took off his shirt and unbuttoned his trousers.

"Yes, plenty of seed to give here," he said, kicking off first his shoes and then his trousers.

He was naked when he walked onto the path between the two pools. His cock was already erect and throbbing with excitement as he approached the girl.

"You look unusual," the girl pretending to be a god said. "I have never seen such pale skin. Are you capable of performing your duties to your goddess?"

"Oh yes, I'm sure I'll be able to perform my duties," Lumley said, giving his cock a little stroke.

More than able, Lumley thought to himself. If she was expecting some terrified little native boy then she was in for a real surprise.

Oh yes he was going to enjoy this. He hadn't raped a god before.

Well, technically it was just some girl, probably driven mad by the solitude. Anyway, Lumley certainly intended to give her a lesson in her own mortality.

"Then approach your goddess," the girl said, throwing her arms wide.

Lumley saw immediately she wasn't human beneath her robes, but before he could react she'd slithered down the steps like a liquid shadow and enfolded him into her embrace. Lumley was over six foot and well built from years of living in inhospitable terrain, yet she scooped him off the floor like a doll. The black folds hanging from her arms were not robes as he first thought but a thick, stretchy membrane. As her arms embraced him the membrane wrapped around his body, tight like a second skin.

Beneath the membrane her flesh was moist and soft. As she hugged him to her body his arms were seized by fleshy orifices and pulled both around and into her back in a forced mockery of a loving embrace.

Lumley couldn't move. 

He was trapped.

Completely.

She'd completely enfolded him within her body, locking him tight against her body in an embrace he couldn't escape. His arms were trapped within two fleshy tubes while her membrane was stretched taut across his back, buttocks and legs. He couldn't move at all.

He was trapped.

"Let me go!" he demanded.

"Do not fear," the horror with the face of a beautiful girl said softly, "soon you will never want my embrace to end."

Lumley wanted to struggle, but the embrace was so tight he couldn't even twitch. Still he grunted as he strained.

"Let fear be replaced with pleasure," the girl said.

Hidden glands opened and squirted a slippery liquid over Lumley's naked body. More was squirted from her fingers and he felt the liquid slide down between his back and the membrane holding him tight to her body.

It was a lubricant he realised. At first her membrane pulled roughly against his body, but as she secreted more fluids over his skin the membrane began to slide. The sensation was highly pleasant, like being treated to a full body massage.

The same fluid was exuded over his arms as muscular folds of flesh gripped and then began to massage them.

Fight her, his mind yelled. Dominate this bitch!

He couldn't. The tautness in his muscles vanished beneath the onslaught of her gentle caresses. The tissues imprisoning Lumley kneaded his flesh as she massaged his entire body. He felt all the strength drain from his muscles as his entire body involuntarily relaxed.

There was one part of him that hadn't softened. His cock stood upright between their bodies like an iron bar. He felt an orifice gape open like a mouth against his crotch. At first his cock was pushed to one side as the lips opened outwards, but then her arms and the membranous folds hanging from them slid his body across hers. He felt his cock slide over a soft fleshy rise until it was steered into the moist gap between the lips of whatever she called a pussy.

Greedily the lips gulped his cock right down to the hilt. Lumley gave a groan of pleasure as he felt the soft muscles of her vaginal wall grip and tug at his penis. Strong muscular contractions rolled down the length of his cock, sucking at him in a pleasurable milking motion.

"For this pleasure I ask only for your seed," Uvulu'ai said. Her soft lips met his in a gentle kiss.

Her membrane gripped him in a rhythmic motion, becoming the muscles of his back and buttocks as she forced him to thrust in and out of her. He was little more than a puppet as his cock slid in and out of an orifice that sucked and slurped hungrily at his erect flesh.

Her breasts, tight against his chest, convulsed and more of the warm, lubricating fluid ran down his front. Her glands squirted more fluids down his sides until his body was completely slick with warm, relaxing oils.

It must contain a muscle relaxant, Lumley thought dimly. Her embrace was not quite so tight, yet his muscles refused to respond to the wishes of his brain. He still felt as limp and helpless as a doll.

His brain was also struggling. While turning off his muscles her secretions had magnified the signals from the sensory nerve endings in his skin. His brain was flooded by the sensations of her flesh slipping and sliding across his, his cock slipping and sliding into her cunt.

"Gnh!"

The first orgasm crashed through his body. His balls tightened and his cock throbbed as he fired a great stream of cum into her warm pussy. The soft flesh gripped his cock and greedily sucked the last drops of ejaculate out of it. Lumley shuddered with both pain and ecstasy. His brain felt on fire from the sensory overload of his hyper-sensitised nerve endings.

Uvulu'ai shuddered in pleasure and looked at Lumley with soft brown eyes.

"More".

Her vagina erupted and more of her oil boiled up past his cock to splatter into his balls and groin. Around him her glands flooded his body. Her arms tightened around his upper body, squashing him into the soft pillows of her breasts. Her membranous cloak slid and slipped over his skin like a layer of living latex. Lumley's mind nearly collapsed from the sensation.

"Gnh!"

Her pussy sucked and slurped and a second massive orgasm exploded from his cock. This time he felt a little pain as his balls and cock complained about having to cum again so soon.

"More."

Even after two massive explosions of cum, Lumley's cock wasn't getting soft. Her pussy still sucked hungrily at its erect length.

Surely, she couldn't expect him to cum again, not so soon after two massive orgasms already. His balls were practically dry. He couldn't cum again, not until his balls had a chance to recover.

A tickling sensation started at his sides. Within the embrace it felt like a hundred mouths had opened up and all were licking him with fleshy tongues. On his already hyper-sensitised nerves the sensation was mind-blowing.

"Gnh!"

This time there was pain as his overworked balls and cock were asked to pump another massive load of cum into her sucking pussy. The muscular contractions felt deeper, as if every muscle in her abdomen was focused on milking his cock.

"More," she growled.

She was going to milk every last drop of cum from his balls, Lumley realised. He saw why the Lu'ai regarded this as a sacrificial offering. Few men could survive this experience. Some had though, he realised, but Uvulu'ai had sucked out their minds as she'd drained their balls. They'd been unable to cope with the sensory overload.

Lumley was far more than a 'few men' though. He wasn't some skinny, malnourished native youth who'd expire after popping a few loads. He was a healthy, virile man and he'd outlast this bitch and keep his mind intact as well. He'd survive long enough to come back with men and guns. He was going to nail her arms to the walls and rape her with a jackhammer.

Her glands weren't squirting but jetting oils over his body now, magnifying the sensations of her flesh against his a thousand-fold. A hundred tongues licked and probed the sensitive tissue down his sides. And within her, her pussy pulsed with deep slow contractions.

"Gnh-argh!"

*****

Lumley was indeed a strong, virile man, but unfortunately not so good at interpreting the rituals of the Lu'ai. The maternal lines of command had arisen out of necessity after the tribe had been unfortunate to first discover their 'god' centuries ago. Back then her rapacious hunger had drained the life out of many of the able-bodied men.

Nowadays they tried to manage their curse with specially selected men. These were not the troublemakers Lumley had assumed, but the men with the greatest stamina, who stood the best chance of surviving Uvulu'ai's attentions.

The witches' brew Lumley had turned down was not a drug that turned men into the Embraced, but a potion packed with the minerals and nutrients required by the body to make semen. The men themselves would abstain from all forms of sexual activity for months beforehand. All to give them a chance of staying alive until after Uvulu'ai had sated herself on their seed.

Despite these preparations few of the men survived and those that staggered back down the mountain, minds blown away, were regarded with a special reverence.

Lumley was a strong, virile man, but he'd had neither the benefits of the witchdoctors' potion or an extended period of abstinence. He lasted less than a few hours in Uvulu'ai's embrace before his body lost too many fluids and minerals to be able to function any more.

Uvulu'ai discarded the cooling body with disappointment. The pale man had lasted much less longer than the others. She wondered if the white skin was an illness brought on through carrying less seed. 

Uvulu'ai slithered back to her cave to sleep. She hoped the next offering would prove to be more satisfying.