 The small kingdom of Versilica, located along a remote mountainside in Cambodia, was run by a ruthless dictator who called himself, the Emperor. The kingdom stood alone; isolated from the rest of the country, and its rules and laws, by a thick jungle. The helicopter pilot that brought goods for the people, along with the Emperor's speciality items, thought of it as a village lost in time. It was primitive, yet modern.

The Emperor ran his kingdom like a tyrant enslaving the people of the remote village by making them work very hard in order to provide him with more gold and riches. He made them dependant on him, yet they didn't get paid very well for the hard work they did transforming the marble from the mountains into beautiful and expensive art work that the Emperor sold for a substantial profit. Often the people of the village didn't even have enough to eat. 

The Emperor however, lived a life of sinful and extravagant luxury. He imported and exported via helicopter most of the goods. The exotic marble treasures sculpted by the people in the village made him very wealthy. He was mean and sadistic often raping the young girls and murdering their suitors if they intervened. The servants that worked for him, and guarded him, didn't particularly like his cruel ways but since he had all the weapons, they were powerless. But in desperation ingenuity will be found. One smart man, Crystal's uncle, had started collecting bits and fragments from the knives and other weapons the Emperor had made for himself.

Veata looked lovingly into her little sister's eyes, "Now remember what I told you Crystal, and you will have the Emperor."

Crystal looked up at her sister. Her wide almond shaped eyes sparkled and a faint smile of recognition covered her face as she grasped the meaning of her sister's intensity.

Just looking at her, Veata knew why Crystal would be perfect for this task. Her long black hair and delicate features accented her gorgeous eyes and pretty little face. Veata could see she was stunningly beautiful. Her look of innocence was so alluring.

Last week the yearly quest had begun to find the most beautiful women in the village as suitable conquest for the Emperor. Crystal had paraded her sexy body in the village's meeting place to catch the eye of the Emperor. Many men adored her long torso, the way she carried her oversized breasts with sexy innocence, but she had only one goal in mind, and that was to land the Emperor.

He was a chubby, gluttonous man, appealing in a powerful sort of way. He lived a life of excess and enjoyed his decadent ways. The Emperor rode through the village on horseback, surrounded by guards, on his quest for the perfect lover. As he moved past her, Crystal graced him with a most provocative and stimulating gaze. The Emperor felt a stirring in his pants as he licked his lips and anticipated the possibility of fucking this young beauty before him. She was barely twenty years old. Her facial features were exotic. She was indeed extremely beautiful. He motioned to one of his many servants to inform Crystal that she would be one of the sixteen.

She looked up at him, a smile masking her emotions, and said,"Thank you my Emperor." He smiled at her response and continued along his way.

Crystal had been training for this opportunity. Her skin was fresh and vibrant and her body had been molded and sculpted to perfection from the strenuous work that she did and the miles she would walk. She looked down at her large breasts still unnatural to her even though it had been six months since the operation. A surgeon had arrived by helicopter to enhance the breasts of the young women at the Emperor's request. She felt while looking down at them, that they were a sharp contrast to the rest of her tiny little body but she did know how gorgeous her voluptuous curves were.

When hearing the news Veata looked at Crystal and was delighted. She had primed Crystal well. She smelled fresh and looked extraordinarily beautiful. Her skin had been anointed with the most fragrant essences and oil. Her gorgeous body shimmered with intense sexuality. Now to find out if the hours spent with whores and their men, perfecting the art of erotic stimulation had paid off. It was Crystal's turn to shine.

Veata went to drawer and ceremoniously removed an oblong, elaborately crafted object that resembled a metal vibrating egg.

"Your uncle that works with metal created this for you Crystal, to help you achieve your goals, my sweet sister. It is very dangerous and you need to be extremely careful."

She pointed to the end. 

"When a man is putting his penis inside of you, it will vibrate rapidly creating a faster orgasmic release in the man."

Crystal put her hand on the egg and felt how it instantly vibrated on contact.

"This will help you win, but don't squeeze your muscles my beautiful sister, until the time is right."

She then instructed Crystal to spread her legs and sit down. Crystal's exquisite long slender legs parted to reveal a small pink pussy with a thin strip of black hair down the middle. Taking some oil Veata massaged the smaller woman's outer lips in preparation, knowing that the insertion could be painful but it was necessary for their success. She slowly pushed two fingers into Crystal's pussy making it very wet. She did it matter-of-factly, and repeated the motion over and over again until Crystal's womanhood opened enough for the egg to be inserted.

Veata felt her own embarrassment as she looked into Crystal's eyes and saw the effect her actions were having on her little sister as she pushed the egg deep into her vagina, pushing even deeper until her small fist was inside her pushing past Crystal's soft pink folds that were now gripping at her wrist. Crystal let out an involuntary shudder as she felt the waves of a small orgasm bolt through her. This was so wrong. She knew she had a job to do and this was part of it, but the orgasm betrayed her will by coming swiftly and intensely. Crystal bowed her head down ashamed of the actions of her body. If Veata had noticed she didn't let on. Crystal touched her searing face ashamed that her body betrayed her in such a way.

Just as quickly as she inserted it, Veata removed her hand. Crystal let out a slow sigh. "Now remember how to use it my precious one. The vibrations from the egg will help the men you pleasure reach orgasm more quickly, but when you squeeze, victory with be ours. Your cousin is working today and he will help you after you have achieved your goal, and you will achieve your goal," Veata said encouragingly.

The long walk to the Emperor's Palace gave Crystal a chance to review the exotic tricks she had learned to bring a man to orgasm. She knew how essential it was to become the winner, to be the Emperor's choice, to beat the other fifteen beautiful women that were walking beside her now on the steep path winding its way up the mountain to the forbidden palace. The aroma of the surrounding jungle, revitalized her, strengthened her will and resolve as she climbed ever closer to her destiny. She would win this, no matter what. Another set of stone steps appeared ahead leading Crystal ever closer to the object of her desire. One by one the women walked the long walk to challenge each other for a chance to be worthy of sleeping with the Emperor.

The women were greeted by the sight of a large metal wall that extended high above their heads and many yards to either side - an ornate gateway stood in the middle. The wall had sixteen round holes in it each about three feet from the floor and a few feet apart. The metal sheet had a round whole in front as well. She would find out that these were face holes for the participants so they could observe the action. Gradually all the girls arrived in a state of near exhaustion from the long walk up the mountain; a test in itself of their stamina and desire to please.

They took their places in front of the wall as told. The first bell was their signal to strip off their clothes. As they stood naked in the sunshine, three men came with buckets and threw water on the women. They repeated this procedure several times. The second bell indicated it was time to begin.

Crystal walked over to her test suck and offered him a very seductive and alluring smile. She then sank to her knees and lightly dragged her fingertips up and down his shaft. Next she exhaled hot breath on his mushroom head. Her nose found his public hair and she nuzzled it, surprising him. Crystal heard a low moan as her tongue swirled the head of his hardness, while both hands milked his hard cock with a smooth upward motion. Her beautiful ass swirled and dipped and dived in unison to her erotic moves. Now she was heating him up and blowing on him, followed by a fast face fuck, wild and untamed.

Out of the corner of her eye Crystal was happy to see that no other woman had achieved her goal yet. The men had orgasmed minutes prior to the contest to keep things fair. While sucking and licking the cock of the man in front of her at lightening speed, she bounced his balls in her hand and then squeezed them gently and tugged on them. Suddenly the man's cock exploded liquid heat into the condom he was wearing. All the fortunate guards chosen for this task wore a condom because only the Emperor would sow his seed in the winner's loins. 

She ran to the gateway and closed it behind her. Her breath came fast and furious. She was first. That was important. A man came to her and offered her water as he led her to the next phase of the competition.

Behind her she saw another beautiful girl that had achieved victory. Eight of the sixteen beautiful girls would pass this stage and continue to the next, the others having to return to the village in dishonor of their families. Now the Emperor would be watching the action and Crystal knew she must play her role perfectly.

All the competing females were ushered into separate rooms that contained three men. Each girl knew that to please the emperor and reach their goals they most look sexy and alluring for the Emperor who was watching, and judging and they needed to make the men before them cum rapidly. 

Crystal was led to a room that contained three big burly men. She smiled a demure, sexy smile at each one of them.

"Oh look at his sexy pure bitch, I'm going to love fucking her," said one of the men in his native tongue while eyeing Crystal as she walked in.

"I get her ass," piped up the second man. 

"I guess her mouth is what I'll be emptying into," said the third male grinning.

Crystal paraded herself toward them as she moved into the room. The forbidden palace turned out to be a very large castle and compound. Guards addicted to the cash the Emperor provided them had built him eight rooms with stones from the stone quarry. Each room had only a big clean mattress in it and no ceiling.

The Emperor sat up high above them on a jeweled throne, relishing in his hedonistic desires, as he eagerly watched the shows in front of him. Each woman's goal was to decide how to best please the horny men in the room. Each woman wanted to win. It would assure her a life of luxury. Soon Crystal was riding one man, another was pressing his hard cock between her perfectly round cheeks while a third was eagerly pumping her beautiful face.

Crystal placed her hands on either side of the hard cock she was sucking and rubbed him like she was starting a fire. The sensations shot through him like wildfire. She followed this with a fast face fuck while squeezing his balls as he pushed his shaft into her throat repeatedly. He thought he would burst right that minute. Seductively Crystal started kissing his cock with French kisses all over his shaft while twisting the top of his mushroom head. He burst his load filling the condom the Emperor insisted they wear. If she was the chosen one, then the Emperor would be fucking her without a condom. Feeling her soft skin with his cock was his pleasure to experience.

At the same time one man was coming into the condom in her mouth, her tight pussy was absorbing the pulse of another man's hard shaft sinking deep into her. A rock slipped away in the room beside her, at eye level, enabling her to catch a glimpse of her adversary riding and fucking her man in an almost frantic motion. The girl's tits were covered in sweat and were bouncing up and down with every stroke. She rode him forcefully, sexy as hell and fully animated, bucking and taking him ever deeper. Crystal started fucking her man even harder and wilder, moaning her pleasure loudly. The competition between the two women became an animalistic display of ravenous power. 

Crystal knew her secret weapon would get her to the next stage and she was happy for the added intensity of the vibrating egg deep inside her. The two impaling shafts were only a thin fleshy membrane apart pounding into her wetness as she could not stop herself being aroused by such thick cocks invading her, just as her body betrayed her with Veata's hand inside her tight walls. The man inside her eager cunt pushed deeper and his shaft hit the vibrating end of the egg and he felt a shooting sensation surge through his cock. The vibrations trembled through her loins to affect both men ... and herself. She could feeling the hardening shafts preparing to orgasm perhaps within seconds of each other as the man shoving his manhood deeply into her tight little toned ass had his breathing coming in short fast gasps. 

Smiling at the men she was riding Crystal, allowed them to lift her small frame while she began playing with her beautiful big tits. Her pussy slid down his hard-on with five or six short strokes followed by a long one, both cocks impaling her and rubbing against one another inside her.

Staring intently into the front man's eyes she whispered, "More!" 

Holding her by her hips he then lifted her up and down on his shaft for four short strokes and a long deep one, using her like a fuck toy. Their powerful bodies were aglow with sweat and she could sense their intensity as their orgasms built. Her anal man had taken possession of her tits, twisting her nipples in the animalistic scene they were setting. She steadied their rhythm by pushing on her violator's shoulders to vary the speed and intensity adding excitement to the already very erotic event. Then a few more strokes and she clamped down with her internal muscles and the vibrations of the egg played through her to her clit being roughly pumped against the shaft inside her. She knew not to squeeze her loins too tightly.

The look of rapture on Crystal's beautiful face was enough to make any man cum, and cum they did, one right after the other, grunting their release. She felt their spasms as their hard cocks slid inside her for the last few times, undoubtedly filling their condoms to capacity.

Crystal removed herself from the tangle of spurting men and, weak-kneed, made her way to the entrance of the next competition only seconds ahead of the same runner up. She waited patiently until the next two women stood beside her with a fourth coming along. With the Emperor's nod she was again chosen to move to the next stage. Crystal was delighted. The girl beside her that had been thrashing wildly with the men in the room also got the nod but the third didn't. A fourth and fifth would be considered until the third slot was full. Now it was time for the third and final competition. 

The room had three mats in it. She was instructed to get on all fours and allow her wrists and ankles to be clamped, the devices holding her in place. Crystal waited. Her nearest rival was ready right behind her, and then came the last girl. Crystal didn't know what to expect, but whatever it was she knew she would give a hundred percent. Soon all three women were similarly on display with their asses available and clamped motionless, waiting. 

A very strong, big and forceful man entered the room. The girl that made him come inside her and was approved of by the watching Emperor would be the ultimate winner. The slate was wiped clean. All three girls would have the chance if they could perform well despite their earlier trials. Crystal knew she needed this.

He went to Crystal first and stuck his slick enormous cock deep into her stretched ass ten times. She squeezed and moaned and circled her hips, greeting every thrust with an equally intense thrust back into his amazing cock. He looked impressed and moved on. The other girls having seen her techniques tried the same. He gave them ten strokes as well. The third one pushed back into the man's hard on, greeting it with a loud forceful smack. This made him moan loudly and made Crystal fearful of being unable to accomplish her goals. Their bodies smacked together wildly, and he went past his regular ten strokes.

Crystal dared to distract his focus knowing this was her last chance. She cried out and pretended to faint, slumping to the floor. The man walked towards heŗ his huge appendage swaying before him and he threw water on her to revive her. His focus on the beautiful woman's ass he had been abusing was successfully diverted. He then started fucking the second girl but kept looking a Crystal, surprised at how turned on he was by her beauty and helplessness. While she lay limp in her bonds, his desire for her grew. His ten strokes inside the second girl were only a distraction as he watched Crystal, her eyes dazed but locked on his. She knew he needed to show his power and played her role well. Looking back at his shaft pumping into the second girl, Crystal allowed herself to show a hint of fear in her face. It worked.

He withdrew from her and positioned himself for another assault on her backside. Crystal knew if he didn't cum inside her this time around she would lose so she moaned loudly and squeezed her ass muscles extra hard around his protruding manhood, while circling intensely. After four or five strokes she knew it was the right time and looked back over her shoulder with abject fear painted across her face. That was all it took, as his next few strokes pounded into her even more aggressively, he came roaring like a bull releasing his liquid heat. Crystal was the winner. She writhed in her restraints in her joy as her adrenalin surged through her.

Crystal couldn't believe it. She actually won. But would the Emperor approve. He needed to want her and indeed he did. When she was ushered into the wives chambers by three attentive girls she realized that she had indeed achieved her objective. Her hair was washed and her face with made up with extreme care. Essence oils were applied by the wives; some in very erotic places. Her smile was bittersweet as they primped her knowing that if successful, this would put an end to their luxurious lives but knowing she would enable an entire village to be released from slavery. 

The Emperor's room was tastefully decorated in the finest silks and tapestries. He stood before her. His small moustache and goatee embraced his round face and distracted the focus from his short pudgy body. The robes he wore concealed his nakedness.

"Kiss me," was his first command. Although Crystal knew she had won the competition, she knew everything rode on him accepting her charms. She started by gently kissing his earlobes, his neck and finally his lips. Her lips outlined his with a sensual tongue. She then looked up at him and fluttered her eyelashes before planting a butterfly kiss on his lips. Crystal slipped her tongue along the entrance to his mouth coaxing it open. He obviously wanted her to do all the work. Her tongue found his and danced with it before she began taking his tongue into her mouth and sucking on it.

With every kiss he felt the blood rushing to his groin. The Emperor reached down and felt his swollen cock. After they kissed a while he pulled back saying, "Very good, most beautiful one, now I want to fill your sweet holes." 
