 Zombies.

Ghosts.

Gangsters.

Bella's beautiful green eyes shot open.

Another one of those nightmares...

Ever since she had quit drinking, the beautiful Bella had been suffering from terrible nightmares.

But she wasn't being chased by monsters, or showing up to school in her panties. Those nightmares were bush-league compared to the night terrors she was suffering.

In her dreams, she always found herself running away from her problems, and into something worse.

In one dream she was abused by gangsters in an abandoned warehouse, and in another, she was fucked in every hole by an invisible force.

But the worse by far was when a horde of zombies ran a train on her.

She shivered as the memories, vivid as a scene from her favorite movie, flashed before her eyes.

And then she felt it...

The warm tingling of her womanhood becoming aroused.

She hated it, but she couldn't help but feel a longing, a lustful desire.

She needed to be ravaged, used, completely sexually depleted and exhausted.

She longed to be someone's sex doll.

It hadn't always been that way.

Once, she had been a hopeless romantic... But it always seemed to blow up in her face.

When she thought her prayers were answered, when she thought she found Mr. Perfect with a goofy tattoo artist, she found out that he had been fucking his slutty assistant behind her back.

In college, her boyfriend had cheated on her with some slut from his hometown. He fucked her against the back wall of a gym, and tried to hide it from her.

After college, she thought she had found the love of her life in a busty blonde named Claire... But Claire found her cousin's dick more appealing than her.

She sighed.

Sex.

It was always sex.

It wasn't like she was ugly or anything.

In fact if you asked any man on this planet, he would tell you she's incredibly desirable.

Her striking green eyes, her adorable red pigtails, and her perky double d's made her every guys wet dream.

And yet, even with her giving herself fully and lovingly to every partner she had, they took their sexual drive elsewhere.

She just wanted to feel good enough.

She just wanted to be good enough.

She just wanted to be wanted.

She wanted the dreams.

As fucked up as they were, in the dreams, she was wanted, and she nearly always got that seemingly unattainable orgasm.

She longed to be completely used, by anything.

So, she hatched a plan.

She would go to the creepiest graveyard she could find, in the sluttiest outfit on the internet, a hallucinogen she bought from an incredibly sketchy guy on the street, and her trusty vibrator, she would get freaky with herself.

She figured if she got crazy enough, she could imagine just about anything, and just maybe, her dreams could feel real.

So that night, clad in the iconic Princess Leia outfit, armed with her vibrator and a drug called "the humping hippo," Bella approached "Black Manor Cemetery."

Black Manor Cemetery was infamous in Maryland for being haunted. There had been tons and tons of stories about people going missing, the undead coming to life, and even rumors of aliens.

When Bella read about it, the quiver through her pussy told her it was worth the drive.

Luckily for Bella, there was no security.

There wasn't even a gate.

Only a sign.

"Black Manor Cemetery. No Visitors Allowed After Dusk."

The hairs on the back of her neck stood on end and her nipples grew hard in her metal bikini top.

With a deep breath, she put one foot in front of the other and entered the graveyard.

She wandered deep onto the grounds until she found an open clearing.

Once upon a time, she would've preferred a quiet, hidden spot... But that wasn't why she was here.

If she were discovered... So be it.

What's the worst they could do?

So Bella lay down on the dirt, feeling the dead earth press itself onto her skin, giving her goosebumps.

She peeled the thin fabric away from her vagina and placed the vibrator on her clitoris.

She flipped the switch and felt the pleasure electrify her.

She rocked into it, her cute tight ass tapping the earth, and she began to moan loudly.

Her impressive cleavage, yearning to be loose from the metal top, bounced, heaving up and down.

She bit her lip hard, and moved the vibrator further down, to her ass.

She had let a couple of her boyfriends use her ass, but she had never really used it herself.

And why not? Even if the guys were small, she still got an insatiable thrill out of it.

So, little by little, she pushed in the cold, shaking metal into her ass.

Then, at the peak of her pleasure, she popped the pill.

And immediately regretted it.

Because as she swallowed the pill, three black men walked from out of the bushes.

She gasped.

They were huge...

Not big like "he could play basketball" huge, but like "how does he fit through doors" huge.

They all stood around 9 feet tall, and they were all completely naked.

She kept her gaze above the waist.

All of her erotic dreams, her little plan, all seemed foolish now.

It was a fun fantasy, but she wasn't ready to actually fuck anything.

The first guy walked towards her.

"Listen, I know this looks bad" Bella tried to explain, but she was cut off when the man threw back his head and howled.

Slowly, the hair of the men grew long below their shoulders, and their incisor teeth grew into long, horrifying fangs.

And their fangs aren't all that grew.

Her eyes shot down to avoid the terrifying transformation in front of her... And noticed that all three had dicks the size of a horse.

She couldn't decide if she was hypnotized or just in shock, but she couldn't move.

She just sat there.

Jaw dropped.

Pussy soaking.

And all the while her friendly vibrator buzzed away in her rectum. 

The first werewolf walked over to Bella and positioned his huge member by her face.

Eyes unblinking, she grabbed the shaft with both hands and took it into her mouth.

She flicked her tongue around the head, and tried to take it deep.

It was an unsuccessful attempt.

She didn't know why she was going along with it. Only that it's something that she had wanted for a long time.

The monster growled at the others and they moved behind her, and grabbed her legs, suspending her in the air.

With a sickening *plop,* the vibrator was removed from her now gaping ass.

She knew what was going to happen now, she wiggled her ass at it, expecting the ruthless penetration she had been dreaming about for so long.

But it never came. In fact, something much worse happened.

She noticed the third wolf begin to gather wood from the bushes and place it beneath her.

And then he lit a match.

They weren't going to fuck her, they were going to cook her!

She wiggled back and forth, still subconsciously felating the first wolf, and then she felt a stiff rod thrust into her pussy.

She was being fucked back and forth by the huge staffs, and she felt the flames whip at her skin.

They had no sexual desire for her, this was just some perverted ritual to cook their pray.

She thought of how many women must have wandered into the woods, completely oblivious, only to fall into this trap.

How many busty broads had stumbled into the graveyard only to be be sexually impaled by the well endowed beasts. 

She felt the warm beasts fuck her and she couldn't deny that she loved it.

It felt better than anything she had ever felt, or even dreamed of.

She went back to imagining all of the women who had gotten this treatment.

She imagined that slut, Alice, who stole her boyfriend, helplessly floundering as the beasts assaulted her.

She smiled, and then she had an idea.

If the wolves had no intention of enjoying this, then they weren't expecting to cum.

Most of their victims probably flailed helplessly or got lost in the ecstasy, they had probably never tried...

She reached for the beasts balls and started to cradle them. The beast let out a confused grunt but only thrusted faster.

She started grinding her hips and clenching her pussy, and felt the other beast start shaking.

"Harder guys" she moaned through a mouthful of cock. "Harder!"

The two beasts lost all pretenses and started railing the poor girl.

She could feel it.

Her first real orgasm.

It was right there.

But then...

The other wolf started growling.

"What are you two doing?" he said, glaring. "You know you can't fi-"

"I'll do what I choose!" roared the wolf who was fucking Bella's throat.

"You can't! The ritual!" the other wolf replied.

The wolf started slowing down, Bella realized she was losing him.

So she inhaled deeply through her nose and pushed her mouth down to the balls.

She had to fight the urge to puke, but it was having the desired effect.

The wolf's balls began to shrivel.

"Oh yeah" he moaned.

The other wolf growled and sprung at him, growing fangs and preparing to attack, but he was too slow.

The wolf grunted and let go, shooting a stream of jizz down her throat. She tried to swallow it all, but a lot of it poured out of her mouth, down her chin, and onto her incredible breasts.

"You idiot!" the wolf screamed. "You've doomed us a-augh!" he screamed, before he burst into flame and disappeared.

The wolf in Bella's pussy did the same thing.

And as the final wolf started to glow red, he muttered, "worth it" and exploded.

As she rolled to the ground, barely avoiding piles of werewolf ash and a raging fire, Bella thought,

"I didn't even get to finish."

After a few minutes of heavy panting, Bella rolled over and picked herself up. 

She didn't know what she was feeling. 

Her heart was racing. She felt scared, she felt violated...

She felt more alive than she had in years.

She greedily gathered the remaining sperm from her heaving breasts and licked it off of her hand. 

As she limped away from the buzzing vibrator and pile of ash, she had no idea that her night was far from over...