 Chapter 1: A Text

"Well, that's unfortunate. I will send you my travel itinerary once I book my flight." My father had just called to inform me of a death in the family. Not that it was a surprise, as my grandfather had been in and out of the hospital for months. At eighty seven years old, it's expected for the body to start shutting down. 

What a shitty start to my favorite month. 

October had always been my favorite, as it was the beginning of the holiday season. It always marked change. The leaves would begin to change to their beautiful yellows, oranges, and reds. The weather would begin to cool, leaving behind the sticky, hot humidity that imprisoned humans during the Texas summers. With the cooler weather, my seasonal allergies went away too. But death always finds a way to put a damper on things.

As I pulled out a suitcase, I began to wonder how much I should pack, as there were additional things that needed my attention in Tennessee. My back pockets seemed to hold my life in order, with my wallet in the back right and my phone in the back left. I reached for my phone and discovered a text message from a dear distant cousin, with whom I had not spoken to in quite some time.

"Hey nerd! News travels fast in this small town. So sorry about your grandpa! Are you coming for the funeral?" Sarah had always been a lovely gal to me. We would trample through the woods, climb waterfalls and roughhouse together when I would come to visit as a child. Her message had taken me off guard though, as I had not heard from her in a few years.

Sarah was married now and had given birth about three years prior. I quickly checked the calendar on my phone. Tuesday October 10th, 2017...and the funeral is this Friday October 13th?! Well, that's morbid! Needing to book a flight, I navigated to my Delta Airlines app and searched for a few flights. Turns out people are spooked to fly on Friday the 13th, so I scored a solid deal. Just in time for lunch. I booked the 11 a.m. flight that would arrive around 1 p.m.

"Sarah?! I thought you fell off the face of the Earth! Thank you for your condolences. I will be coming in on Friday October 13th at 1 p.m. Do you think you can pick me up? I'll treat you to lunch before the 6 p.m. funeral?"

"Swoosh," my phone sounded, as I replied back to her. I loved going to Nashville. The scenery was always welcomed in my eyes. Beautiful women, good beer, barbecue... and then there was Sarah, the distant second cousin that I had forbidden fantasies about. It wasn't new to her though. She had flashed me once when we were sixteen and I had spanked her after a family game of softball... discreetly outside the locker room. Of course, this was several years ago, and our bodies had matured by now.

"Wayne, has your mother ever told you that it's not polite to point?" Sarah giggled as she caught me with a boner in my sliders.

"Err, help me! I don't need the rest of our family to see this embarrassment."

Sarah proceeded to throw a cup of ice water on my face and threw a short sports towel at me. "If your face was between my legs, it would be more wet than that!" 

"Sarah, help me out here! Please just stand right here to block the view."

I remember being able to escape that situation, but I needed a huge release later that night. The house went quiet at around 9 p.m. and I let my imagination get the best of me. I stroked my throbbing cock for what seemed a majority of the night before finally releasing a low groan and a stream of jizz.

Hmm...doubtful I'll ever relive that situation in my life. My phone loudly pinged and brought me back to reality.

"Um, duh! What time you dork?"

"1 p.m...Don't be late though. I can't afford to miss our lunch date. Are you coming to my grandfather's funeral?"

Strangely, I had tingles through my body. To see her, to smell her fresh body, and to touch her soft skin. Times had changed, but my fantasies about her had not.

"Nashville International, right? Send me your flight number and airline. If you're lucky, maybe I'll be standing curb side with my skirt slightly raised."

"Flight 2169...Delta Airlines. I'd rather see you in a sexy shade of lipstick...perhaps all dolled up. I don't need you looking like a hooker that's picking this heart throb up."

"You think I'd show up to your grandpa's funeral dressed like a slut?! Shame on you. What kind of girl do you take me for?"

"A good one," I replied. "See you at 1 p.m."

Chapter 2: My Father's Slut

I pulled out two suitcases. I had not booked a return flight yet, as I had intentionally requested to take a week off for my birthday and head out there. My grandfather had a few cars that needed to be fixed up and sold, and it was likely that they would be willed to me. 

Three weeks of clothing should be sufficient.

I tucked a few condoms in between some clothes in the event that I may catch a drink with a fine lady. 

"Dad, I'm flying in on Friday. I'll be in at 1 p.m. and Sarah is picking me up. Are you sure you want to drive?" I texted my father. He always had a thing about driving that long hitch. Something about being alone, though he'd probably meet some hussie half way for a wild excursion. 

I wonder where I got it from. 

"No, I'm driving in. I'll be stopping at Michelle's for the night, and then I'll drive the remaining distance early in the morning."

Figured...I used to make these trips with him when I was younger. Back then, it was always a rush to get there.

"Okay, I love you and I'll see you soon."

My relationship with my father had always been strained. He blamed me for causing my parents divorce, which had been brought on by his stupidity. I had walked in on him when I came home early from school. She was a tight bodied blonde, no older than college-aged. I yelled, "You're doing it wrong," when I saw her mounted on him in reverse cowgirl. I was seventeen at the time and had no experience. Who was I to judge?

He managed to leave the condom out while flustered, and threatened me. My mother came home about four hours later and I stormed out the door. I headed over to my best friend's house and partook in a little tequila Tuesday action. My mother called his parents at 10 p.m., telling them to send me home. The world tilting, I climbed on my bicycle and left, just to get home to a locked door. I always kept my keys on me though, but it seemed a hassle to get the door unlocked. Frustrated and drunk, I sat down on the porch to regain my composure. I tried again, just for my mother to come to the door.

"Are you drunk?!"

"Who? Me?! Mom, never!" I stumbled over my words.

"Go sit on the couch. Your father and I need to tell you something."

Chapter 3: The Dream

The next two days at work seemed to drag by, but the only thing I could think of was Sarah. I lay in bed Thursday night dreaming of laying in her luscious brown hair and suffocating in her scent. It wasn't long before I finally dozed off.

There she was. Standing at the edge of my bed in nothing more than a sheer teddy. "Do you mind if I climb in bed with you? I'm having trouble sleeping," she eagerly asked as her eyes glowed an eerie red. I nodded as the lump in my throat prevented me from answering. "There's something I have to show you, and only you. And I will give my entire body to you if only you'll worship me." Her hand slipped into my boxers and grasped onto my girth. "I've always adored the way you stare at me." Stroking me now, I tossed my head back. I felt a heat come over my body and then I erupted.

A crash of thunder ripped through the house, jolting me from my sleep. I glanced at my phone. 3:30 a.m...What the hell?! I thought, as lightning lit up the room. I got up to go to the bathroom. "Shit, it's been a while since I've done that!" I groggily stammered, as I looked down at the creamy mess in my boxers. After cleaning myself up, I made my way back to the bed to discover wet sheets and a moist pillow, caused by the heat of my dreams and my sweaty body. It was just a dream. I've been thinking too much about her, I thought, as I changed the bedding and put the used sheets in the washing machine. 

Fully awake now, I went outside to my back patio to have a smoke. The rain was coming down hard and the lightning and thunder had not given up their ferociousness. I pulled out a fresh pack of Marlboro Smoothes, packed them, deeply inhaled the fresh minty flavor and proceeded to light one up, the smoke reaching deep into my lungs. It wasn't often that I smoked, as I did not like the lingering smell that would stick to me. About halfway in, I turned the cigarette sideways and started mulling over a thought. Sarah's eyes in my dream looked similar to the smoke's cherry. They glowed an eerie red. I jumped from a sudden chill that went through my body as a crash of thunder startled me.

Just a coincidence that today is Friday the 13th, I thought, as I headed back in for a quick shower.

Chapter 4: Ms. Uber

The alarm went off at 7 a.m. Surprisingly, I had slept relatively hard the past two and a half hours. I hopped out of bed, changed into a suit, and put my luggage by the door. Airport parking would rape me over a three-week stay, so I decided not to load up the Benz. My alternative was Uber. I set up a request through the Uber app for 9 a.m.

I've still got enough time to eat and tidy up.

Soon enough, my Uber driver was out front. Nice car! I thought, as a black Lincoln Continental pulled into my driveway. The trunk popped open and a sexy brunette appeared from the driver's seat.

"Here, let me help you with those." She wore black pumps, slim fitted black dress slacks that stopped mid-waist, and a sexy V neck loose-fitting black top with the middle exposed to show off the side views of her breasts. "Go ahead and sit in the passenger seat. I hate turning away from the road to talk to my customers." Her dark mascara blinked deep into my soul.

"Yes ma'am," I responded. Wow, she is smoking hot! My mind exclaimed, as I buckled into the passenger seat.

"It's a Black Label, so it's got all the bells and whistles. We are about forty-five minutes from the airport, so feel free to use the seat warmer for your bottom, back or both if you'd like." Her open blouse revealed an opening to see her left breast and nipple when she reached for the seat belt. We hadn't even pulled out of the neighborhood and my cock was throbbing. My mister found his way into the right leg of the suit pants and thickened the already narrow space.

"What are you traveling for? You're not carrying a laptop, so I doubt it's for business."

"My grandfather died. Unfortunate, but expected. Just a bit odd that the funeral is today."

"You're not... superstitious... are you?" she asked. 

"My family has a history of dealing with spirits. I'd like not to brag, but I'm unfortunately gifted with visions," I replied, trying to keep my mind off my boner.

She asked about my visions twenty minutes later.

"So, you can see into the future and shit?"

"Well, not exactly," I chuckled. "The visions are usually about people that I'm close with, in either a situation of sickness or death. It's been a while though and didn't happen with my grandfather."

I saw her nipples protruding through her loose shirt. Is this shit really turning her on?

"So, kind of like an omen or deja vu I suppose. By any chance, do you pay attention to the moon?"

"Only to find my way around the back patio at night," I responded.

"I have a certain fascination about the spirit world, the old ways of tracking the moon, and heightened awareness. And right now, I'm a little wet."

She grabbed my left hand and placed it in her lap. "Unbutton me," she commanded. My cock was about to burst in my suit pants, but I calmly did as told. As I loosened her button and unzipped her pants, she thrust my hand between her panties, immediately feeling her moistness. "I don't normally do this, but there's an abandoned mall next to the airport and I really want to suck your... cock."

She gasped as I slid a second finger into her pussy. We passed by the airport, but I didn't care. Between my dream last night about Sarah and my recent dry spell with women, I needed this release. She pulled into a parking garage and made a sharp left. I pulled my fingers out and watched her eyes as they followed my fingers being licked clean. We pulled into a spot near the back and the car went quiet.

"Think you can last until I tell you to cum?" she challenged.

"Think your throat can take all this without gagging?" I replied.

"Open your door, take off your pants and climb onto the trunk. I don't like roughing up my sexy knees... and don't fuck up the paint."

I did exactly as told, and within seconds, her hands were gripped to the trunk on both sides of my thighs. Her sexy lips slid over my dick head, slowly inching her way down my shaft. I felt as her tongue swirled around my head, bringing me to a twitch. 

"Easy does it, big fella," she teased.

I stared into her eyes. They were familiar looking. She broke our glance and started working my cock with both hands in a pepper grinding motion, using her spit to work my length. All in a moment's notice, she removed her hands and immediately throated all eight inches and a half. My eyes widened as I felt myself slide past her tonsils and into her throat. 

Fucking amazing! 

She continued working my cock in and out of her throat. I closed my eyes and leaned back, as I was nearing completion. Just as I reached to grab her hair, the parking garage lights went out. I opened my eyes to see two fiery orbs glaring back at me. Startled, I lurched back and heard demonic laughter from where I was just at. I slid off the car, tripping over my pants that were around my ankles. My head smashed into the ground and I lost consciousness, but not before I heard a high pitched scream.

Chapter 5: Mile High Club

"Flight 2169 to Nashville is now boarding. Would passenger Wayne White please come to the desk?" A voice over the intercom boomed.

Dazed, I jumped up and knocked over my small suitcase. How the hell? I thought, as my brain reeled.

"Yes, ma'am?"

"Are you Wayne White? ID please."

"Here you go."

"Sir, you've been upgraded to First Class. Here's your boarding pass."

"Thank you, ma'am."

"Sir, I hope you can catch up on some sleep while you're in First Class. You were giving us a scare with your body convulsions."

"Yeah, sorry about that."

I went back over to my suitcase and picked it up. "Whew, I need a fucking drink," I said out loud, trying to piece together what had happened. I reached into my jacket's left breast pocket and pulled out a business card and a red claims ticket. At least my shit is going with me. I flipped the business card over.

Hara S.

423-4UR-RIDE

Uber Black

"You owe me a drink when you get back!"

There's no way that any of that happened. I reached up to feel for a bump on my head. Nothing. Have my desires for Sarah started to possess me? 

I proceeded to the jet bridge, where I handed the agent my ticket. 

"Enjoy your flight, Mr. White," winking as she scanned my ticket.

I made it to the seat and pulled out my phone.

"I'm on my way. See you in about two hours." I sent Sarah a quick text to remind her of her obligation.

As I turned off my phone, the plane started to pull away from the gate. I closed my eyes. I could never sleep on an airplane, but at least I could relax for a few minutes before being airborne. I sank into my seat and soon felt firmly pressed against my seat as the plane shot down the runway.

I opened my eyes as the plane leveled out. "Sir, can I get you a drink?" A curvy flight attendant had approached with the drink cart.

Oh my, it's Ms. Mile High! Her meaty backside challenged me as I shifted uncomfortably in my seat.

"I'll take a Cran-Apple, and also an order of vodka." Cran-Apple had always been my drink of choice while in flight, but I needed to take some edge off.

"That will be eight dollars and sixty-nine cents," she informed as she leaned down to hand me my drink; her uniform slightly gave way for a quick peek at a red lace bra. She giggled when she caught my glance, and then tossed her blonde her. "I'm just a button call away if you need me." A devilish grin came across her face before leaving.

"Thanks." My hands shook from all the thoughts reeling in my head. 

About an hour later, the flight attendant came by. I was deeply involved in a crossword puzzle when she intervened.

"It's 'blood moon,'" she giggled, as she brushed by, purposefully flaunting her ass. "How long are you staying in Nashville?"

"Three weeks give or take. Just in town on some family business."

"So, you'll be busy? I live in the upscale part of downtown. Maybe I can show you around?"

"Perhaps." I handed her my trash.

"Looks like you've got something on your pants." She pointed to my limp cock and handed me a napkin that was folded over. "Let me know if you need me to wet it."

I blushed. Way too much attention for one day. She was sexy, but I wasn't about to do the deed in a tiny restroom. Besides, my condoms were in the belly of the plane in my large suitcase. I opened the napkin and found her number with a scribbled name... "Amber."

"Flight attendants, please prepare for landing."

Ten minutes later, we had arrived at the gate. I pulled out my phone and turned it on. That's weird. I thought, as I clicked on my last text to Sarah, as I had not received a response. I decided to shoot Amber a quick message.

"Thanks for your number. I'm down for some honkey tonk while I'm in town. - Mr. Vodka." I hated giving my name out, as I tended to value my privacy. 

I've worked my ass off to get where I am, and I'm not about to let a stranger ruin things for me.

I reached into the overhead bin and retrieved my small suitcase. As I exited the plane, I brushed past Amber and winked at her. Now to get to baggage claim and finally see Sarah. My suit still seemed to be crisp and fresh. I'll be going back to that dry cleaner again. A few minutes later, I had retrieved my large suitcase and made my way to curbside pickup.

There she was, standing on the sidewalk. She wore a big navy blue sun hat, lined with a white brim. Her floral print navy blue midi dress perfectly fitted to her body, the breeze kissing her neckline and tugging at the front slit, exposing a smooth, silky leg. White, strappy sandals exposed her orange-painted to nails, which matched her lipstick. Sarah's eyes hid behind a pair of large sunglasses, but I knew she saw me when I saw a devilish grin appear.

"Sarah?!"

Chapter 6: A Warm Embrace

Sarah rushed over to me, leaping into my arms for an overdue hug. My arms wrapped around her waist, and my face became buried in beautiful locks of brown hair.

"Brucey, I missed you so much," she teased, using a childhood nickname for me. A wave of warmth rushed over me. Finally, she was in my arms. "Do you like my harvest orange lipstick?" She kissed me on the cheek as I gently lowered her down. 

"Yes. You're just as beautiful as I remember!" Her scent overpowered the rest of my thinking. "Sarah, so many weird things have happened to me this week. Let's get out of here." 

She popped the trunk to her Ford Explorer and I loaded the bags inside. "Where are you taking me?" she asked as she tossed me the keys. 

"Steak seems the most appropriate. Are you still a wine drinker?"

"Yes, sir. It's been a while since I've been treated out."

"Good. I've already made reservations to Capitol Grille. I'm glad you're dressed up." 

"Only for you, mister. I don't get to go into the city that often." 

While driving through the downtown area, I noticed that the slit in Sarah's dress was exposing her inner right thigh. My mind started drifting from me as I imagined what it would be like to taste her body.
