 I've lived here all my life, the east coast of Australia that is. Raised in Brisbane, home of my paternal great-great-grandfather, Jonathon Jacobs, Captain of His Majesties Ship Brisbane. At least, that was his title before he and his officers disserted the Royal Navy and began raiding merchant ships bound for London as well as French and English colonies. Around 1820, he and his crew broke off from the British fleet, flagged the ship with the Skull and Crossbones, and set out on their own.

It wasn't too long before they were caught and brought to London for trial. Most of the officers were hung, enlisted men sentenced to banishment in a penal colony. Captain Jacobs conveniently arranged for the sentence of exile since he gave up three of the four locations of stolen treasure buried around the Pacific. King George IV was not aware of a fourth location; a location so inconvenient that no one would think to look there; the penal colony itself.

By 1825, the New South Wales penal colony was established at Moreton Bay. Upon arrival, Captain Jacobs and his men dug up the treasure buried near what is now Coff's Harbour, a small town about 75 miles south of the settlement. He split half the wealth with his crew and kept the bigger half. Soon they changed the name of the town to Brisbane, after their once infamous ship. He then resumed his old ways. 

There wasn't much to pirate, stranded on this colony, but he somehow managed to become the leader of the imprisoned. As British ships dropped off more and more unfortunates he and his men set to rule over them, making the laws, controlling the wealth, and taking what they wished; including other prisoners. Eventually Brisbane became the capitol of the new colony of Queensland; with the Jacob's line part of the new nobility. Most of the women arrived when London decided to empty the debtor's prisons. Londoners petitioned Parliament to put them in exile since it no longer made sense to use public funds to support those who could not pay what they currently owe. So "let them take care of themselves," said the London elite. And they too were banished.

 II III IV V VI