 **All teens in this story are the legal age of consent.**

*****

Billy made sure to stay in highly populated areas where Holly and her friends wouldn't be able to easily get to him without being seen by teachers and security. Nothing happened in the early parts of his day bolstering his ego a tiny bit bringing a little bit of ease to his day. He shared an afternoon class with Holly finding some considerable anxiety returning as he took his seat. He looked over noticing that her seat next to the wall was empty as the other students filed into the classroom. With every student that entered taking a seat, Billy's anxiety rose until he was fit to be tied. Mr. Johnson walked in with what appeared to be the last of the students closing the door behind himself. Holly's large mitt stopped the door from closing as she pushed her way into class eliciting a small smattering of giggles and jeers. She was uncharacteristically dressed in a white Bohemian sundress that garnered even more snide comments from some of the female contingent in the classroom. Only Billy seemed to notice her massive, jiggling cleavage and the wedge sandals that added to her already imposing height. 

The towering female behemoth made it a point of walking up the aisle that contained his desk causing a few grumbling students to accommodate her girth by moving their desks as she walked mutely to her seat. Her thigh brushed against Billy's letterman jacket as she passed leaving a faint scent of honeysuckle in the air. He leaned forward resting his head on his arms doing his best to stealthily look back at the subtle wave of her thick butt. The flow of her dress thwarted his plan but left him with enough visual stimulation to engorge his jeans. Holly silently took her seat moving an errant strand of hair behind her ear revealing a large butterfly earring. Billy just couldn't get over how girly Holly looked demonstrating a level of femininity no one would have ever expected her capable of in their wildest dreams. She single mindedly removed her textbook from her jean backpack flipping the pages until she was in line with everyone else. Billy couldn't deny the physical reaction that throbbed in his jeans as he stared longer than usual.

"Mr. Jefferson, would you like to join us for class or are you going to find everything you need to graduate in the side of Ms. Michaelson's head?" The teacher's verbal jibe caused the class to explode in spontaneous laughter. He jerked his head back but not before noticing Holly looking in his direction with the same expression as Mount. Rushmore.

"Sorry sir, won't happen again."

He managed to make it through the rest of class sneaking quick glances over at her hoping no one would notice. Billy felt a sort of embarrassing shame for his own behavior not knowing how to control his mounting curiosity and lust. Every time he stared, images of her naked body came rushing back confusing him further. "Holly Michaelson is not my type; she a big ass, heifer." He did his best to internally talk himself out of what was right in front of his face but his steel hard erection would not let the situation be.

Billy Jefferson wanted to fuck Holly Michaelson in no uncertain terms.

His brow was covered in sweat and his back was drenched with related perspiration. Billy didn't know what to do about his feelings but he knew that he wanted Holly's tightness at least one more time. He wanted to nurse on her massive tits while plunging deep into her cunt until it was useless to anyone but him. He wondered why she'd taken the time to doll herself up hoping it was to catch his attention. He got excited more as the idea took form in his addled mind. He imagined himself licking her puffy snatch giving her hickeys all over her inner thighs before taking command of the situation pinning her down. Billy told himself how hard he was going to fuck the frightening giant of a teen. He just wanted to have his way with her until he was completely spent. He wanted her screaming his name over and over again until they both passed out from exhaustion.

Billy Jefferson wanted to fuck Holly Michaelson in no uncertain terms; it was that simple.

"Mr. Jefferson, class is over; you can leave now." He realized he'd been zoned out as the class emptied out finding himself alone except for his snarky teacher.

"Maybe, flowers are in order for the lady that has caught your eye, Mr. Jefferson." The balding teacher raised an eyebrow as he exited the room.

Billy was too excited on the verge of exploding in his pants as he navigated the crowded hallway jam packed full of students anxious to get home or elsewhere. He didn't know what he was going to do or say as he bumped and parried his way towards Holly's locker. She'd just wanted to demoralize him before by taking his virginity after pummeling him; now how would she act when he approached her. He nervously paused noticing Kimmy talking to some girls in front of Holly's locker. She was nowhere to be seen as he recognized two of the girls in the group from the garage.

"Shit, time's not right." 

He wanted to talk to Holly alone without an audience chaffing at the fact that he would have to wait another day. Besides, Kimmy made him nervous even though she'd claimed that it was acting the whole time she'd been threatening to castrate him. He wanted the large, quiet giant all to himself when the time was right. He noticed that a few of the girls kept raising their cellphones to their ears appearing to be attempting contact with Holly. He could have sworn that he'd walked out after her looking around for the large teen who be hard to miss towering over most of the student body.

"HUH?!!" Something suddenly snagged a handful of his shirt and letterman jacket yanking him sideways into an adjacent study hall.

Billy fell but was not allowed topple over as he found himself flying through the air in an arch slamming painfully against the wall. Holly's round, stone face was suddenly all he could see. Her eyes were dark slits, her nostrils flaring while she bit her thin bottom lip.

"Holly."

Her heavy hand quickly clamped down on his nose and mouth silencing any forthcoming confession planned as she leaned in applying more pressure than he could stand. He reached up trying to dislodge her hands as she reacted violently closing her fingers around his package. Holly snatched her hands away wild eyed taking a step back. She covered her mouth in shock looking down at the visible tent in his pants. Her chest was heaving from the exertion of keeping him quiet. Billy's eyes zeroed in on the birthmark on her chest which appeared ready to burst from her top. She slowly lowered her hands which became big ham sized fists as her face reddened. The bell suddenly disturbed both of them as more students milled about outside the door bumping it randomly.

"Holly-I uhm, I..." Billy struggled to speak feeling strange and self-conscious in her presence. His hand was cupping her right breast through the cotton material. Her thick nipple was erect against his thumb while the other made itself known poking against her dress. He was unprepared for the open-handed slap that rocked his head and torso to the side. Holly wasn't wearing a brassiere.

She didn't waste a second grabbing the back of his shirt dragging him across the chalkboard to the far end of the study hall. This classroom had a long rectangular closet used by the drama club for storage. Holly deftly opened the door with one hand tossing him inside with the other. The door to the classroom burst open filling with students for the next forty minutes. Holly peered out at the room full of her peers silently panicking. Billy's hands suddenly appeared cupping the undersides of her huge tits squeezing as hard as his lust would allow.

"What the fuck are you doing?" She shoved him backwards with a swipe of her arm not believing his nerve.

"Please Holly, let-me."

"No; shut up there's some people out there." She whispered uncomfortable as he approached again trying to take her hand. She palmed his face like a basketball shoving the jock further back through the hanging costumes and other props. He lost his footing toppling over on his side making more noise than she would have liked.

"Holly, I just want-I want..." 

"I don't care what you want asshole; be quiet before someone hears us." She grabbed the back of his letterman jacket pulling him to his feet with ease only to have his greedy fingers fondling her breasts again. Holly brought her arms up grabbing his wrists forcing them away from her tits.

"HOLL-AAARGGGHH!" Billy attempted to yell her name in desperation but was stopped short as her fist pinched his adam's apple. She could have throttled him as the ambient noise of twenty or more students filtered through the walls. Holly tightened her grip around his throat losing her grasp on reality as her immense anger took over. He pushed back struggling with her ultimately fueling her efforts before bringing his pointers fingers up hooking them into the spaghetti straps at her shoulders. Holly gasped as he quickly pushed the straps aside making her nude from the waist up. Her massive breasts bounced slightly on her chest as she relinquished her grip on his throat dropping him to the closet floor. His cock throbbed at the sight of her hands covering only her areolas as he put a single finger to his lips.

"Don't want anyone to find us, do you?"

"I hate you." She whispered back continually slapping his hands away from her chest until he settled tugging at the rest of her sundress. Holly dug her nails into his hands momentarily discouraging his advances before her breasts were attacked again. Her knee collided with his chin causing a quick flash of light behind his eyes.

"Let me lick your pussy."

"No."

"Just a little bit Holly; I want to suck it for you." He was delirious with lust and a little bit of anger feeling the tables turned a little bit from the shocked expression on her round face.

"Are you high; I'll hurt you man." She unconvincingly threatened.

"Okay, just let me fuck you first." Billy pleaded fondling his own crotch as he took in the sight of her heaving chest.

"NO!" She quickly clamped her hand over her own mouth as he rose stealing a lick from her right breast. Her hand slapped his cheek as he suckled her left nipple rolling his tongue on the puffy areola. There was an audible pop as Billy was disengaged from suckling her tit reaching down to cup a meaty butt cheek. His fingers dug into the cuff where the bottom of her cheeks met the top of her thighs with a hearty pinch. The duo became a mass of withering limbs fighting for different goals. He slipped a hand inside the back of the dress rubbing the small of her thick back.

"Fucker." She grabbed a handful of his jean covered tumescence realizing how hard he was panicking shoving him into the wall knocking over some costumes hanging nearby. She closed her fist tightly around his package as he dropped his hands to his sides tired of fighting with the large teen.

"Want me to rip this off, huh?" She whispered trying to get her bearings in the closet.

"Yeah."

"WHAT-You know what you're saying dumbass?" Holly whispered blowing an errant strand of brown hair out of her face.

"Okay Holly; tear my cock off."

"WHU-WHAT?!!" He silenced her stealing a kiss which lasted longer than he would have expected. She pushed weakly against his chest as he grabbed her narrow hips drawing her into his body.

"Stop this; you're gross Billy." She sounded exasperated.

He stole another kiss finding entrance in to her mouth personally reeling from the contact before stopping himself fumbling with his zipper. Holly reached down trying to stop Billy from exposing himself. His lips kissed her cherubic face on the cheek as he pressed her hand against his crotch.

"What's wrong with you, fool?"

"I want to fuck you so bad Holly; please let me touch you."

"Why, I'm fat and gross." Her breathing was palpable in the thick humid air of the closet.

"You are beautiful." 

Her mouth hung open as he revealed himself fully erect and ready to mate with her in the worst way. Holly timidly took a step cupping his cheek and kissing him freely. Her tongue darted into his mouth wrestling with his own. Billy reached around the large teen grabbing a fistful of her sundress drawing it up until his other hand palmed her right ass cheek. His fingers sank under the tight panties digging into her cunt from the back. Holly's wetness drenched his fingers as well as her inner thighs. She hooked her thumbs into the dress allowing it to fall to the floor along with the other discarded articles of clothing. This girl had pummeled him senseless, beat him mercilessly and even choked him out. He'd been mentally abused and humiliated knowing full well he deserved every bit of it; but Billy Jefferson was stricken at the sight of her body in the low light of that closet. She looked confused as he knelt kissing and licking her thighs. Holly was wearing a small pair of white panties that appeared two sizes too small for her large frame. A paw print adorned one corner of her underwear so tight that he had trouble exposing her juicy cunt. His lips and teeth caught ahold of a thick, lower lip sucking it into his mouth. She hunched over cradling his head as he devoured her virtue with a mounting hunger. Holly didn't stop him when he drew her panties down her muscular thighs or strike him when he suckled her breasts. Billy was gentle taking her large mitt-like hand so that she could kneel on the closet floor with him. The impromptu couple embraced making out like lifelong lovers. Holly stroked his member slow, methodically bringing him to the precipice, forcing him to pull her hands away.

"Please." He whispered into her ear receiving her consent as a simple nod.

"Yeah?" He asked again.

"Yeah Billy, fuck me." She answered again taking lying on her back never breaking eye contact. Billy couldn't believe his eyes as she lay on the floor before him with her legs spread apart in an open invitation. He dove between her legs greedily fellating her in loud slurps as she hooked her long, muscular legs over his shoulders. Holly twitched and arched her back humping up into his face until she came hard. Billy kept working her through a torrent of her feminine spray coughing on her essence.

"Come on Billy, do it; fuck me now." 

"Yeah, I'm gonna do it."

"Fuck me Billy." He rose on his knees losing his shirt and jacket in the most frenzied way possible rolling his pants down midthigh. He was finally going to make good and screw his female bully through the floor. He was going to feel that unnatural tightness again. Do his best to reach the end of her tunnel in the most savage manner possible. Billy Jefferson was gonna mark Holly Michaelson, make her his woman on a contract signed with his painfully hard erection. Things were awkward and clumsy as the teens tried to accommodate one another. Her face was shiny with sweat and her chest reddened from mounting lust. Billy licked a slimy trail up her sloping belly cradling her tits and mashing them together with his forearms. He nipped and pulled on her nipples with his teeth distending them slightly. Billy mauled her breasts squeezing heaping handfuls of her alabaster colored mounds. His cock nearly exploded as it pressed against her opening. 

"Stop." The school bell suddenly interrupted their tryst ringing loudly.

"What?"

"Move." She pushed against his sweaty pecks rising on her elbows. He instinctually backed off as Holly got on her hands and knees revealing her narrow, chunky butt. Her peach was nestled perfectly between her thighs providing an inviting target as he attempted to push into her from the rear. Her large foot stabbed painfully into his stomach making him spit up in his mouth a little bit. She fished her sundress from the pile on the floor slipping it over her head. He watched in mounting frustration as she adjusted her clothing stuffing her huge breasts back into her top.

"What gives?" He wanted answers as she attempted to pass him and leave the closet. Her fist quickly added to the pain he was already feeling from the mule kick earlier.

"No, means no." Her face was emotionless and shrouded in disgust. She was gone before he could stand. His cock was as hard as steel with a gooey strand of precum hanging from the head. Billy noticed her panties on the floor left behind in a hurry to escape him no doubt. He pocketed them telling himself sadly that she was keeping him occupied until the class outside the closet door was over.

*************************************************************************************

Billy lay in bed playing the image of Holly's nude body and their aborted hookup in his mind. He was so horny that he'd begged off dinner feigning illness to be alone with his thoughts. The confusion and shame at his own feral behavior left him worried that he might be reported to the authorities. Nothing happened right away as Billy considered ditching school the following day. He lay in his bed staring at the ceiling for hours before fishing her panties from his pocket. The crotch was still damp as he recalled just how excessively wet she became when aroused. He'd been denied the opportunity to fuck her a second time left with a strained cock. Billy unconsciously sniffed the seat of her panties quickly realizing what he was doing and tossing them aside.

"Fuck's wrong with me?" He felt like a complete degenerate unable to reconcile the situation internally.

Perhaps Holly left her panties behind on purpose. The large girl left that closet completely nude under her sundress. He imagined her talking with her friends and going about her business with everyone around her oblivious to the fact that she was going commando.

"Sweetest pussy ever." He found himself sniffing her underwear again as he unzipped.

The image of her puffy camel toe appeared to taunt him with promise of the unnatural tightness within. Holly Michaelson could fuck with the energy and athleticism of a much smaller girl able to twerk and arch her back while sitting upright on his prone body. She'd always been jeered and taunted for having a powerful frame, called a shemale at times and chided for being different. Holly didn't seem to care what others said about her keeping her explosive rage hidden away behind an immovable façade of practiced indifference. Holly found a way to shut the world out and was content to remain inside her bubble until he forced her out of it to reveal a raw aching monster. She could have murdered him outright in that garage but decided to let him go anyway. Billy found himself reeling from the memories of her partially nude figure. All of the times he's seen her body were marred by some remaining article of clothing. He wanted to see her in all her glory.

"Tightest pussy ever." His fist remained stationary as he humped up into it as fast as he could.

Billy beat himself up mentally wishing he'd settled for fucking her huge tits instead of just trying to outright bed Holly on that closet floor. His eyes kept going to the birthmark on her chest as he longed to run his tongue over it. She had these puffy, inverted nipples that blossomed into thick, rubbery nubs when you sucked on them just right. He longed to push his cock into her cleavage and fuck her tits until he exploded all over them. No one looking at Holly would ever expect that she had such an awesome chest because she kept it hidden away under layers of flannel shirts and hoodies.

"Biggest tits ever." His jacking fist became a blur in tandem with his humping pelvis. Her panties were wrapped around his cock adding an extra bit of friction to the proceedings. 

She'd kissed him with such passion in that closet working her tongue against his in a swirling, defiant manner that left him wanting so much more. He wanted that mouth on his cock. He wanted to fuck her thin lips and glaze her face with his cum. Billy wondered if she had a gag reflex imagining himself fucking her open maw as her head hung from the edge of his bed.
