 I had finally arrived at the ancient English manor that I had seen so vividly in my dreams. 

How I came to know exactly where this manor was I cannot tell, only that I somehow knew where on the Northumberland moorland it was located. 

The dreams had drawn me here from my boring and unsatisfying life in America to this lonely manor on the moonlight moor with erotic fervor. 

Night after night I had dreamed feverishly of the pleasure to be had within its walls. A pleasure to be found in the arms of my beloved Armand. 

I had been his once. Long ago in a previous lifetime of mine we had been engaged. 

But the war had prevented us from consummating our union and tragically we both had passed away possessing an intense unfulfilled desire for one another. 

Tonight we would finally satisfy those centuries of unbearable longing.

A soft glow emanated from the windows. I could hear the ever so faint notes of music from a time I could not quite identify.

I approached the door, my heart beating fiercely in my chest, my breath shallow and ragged. 

I clasped the handle anxiously. The latch clicked and the door groaned as I gently pushed it forward and gazed into the entryway.

The sounds of the music grew much louder now that the door had been opened and I found it romantic and pleasant in tone.

The room was empty of course as most of its residents had died ages ago yet it was still illuminated by several candelabras that had somehow been lit by unseen hands.

I saw a long ornate staircase leading upstairs to the bedrooms and as I eagerly began to walk up to them to the ecstasy awaiting me above my passion grew with every single step.

I was reaching almost orgasmic levels of sexual anticipation when I finally arrived at the master bedroom.

The door suddenly opened of its own accord and revealed a large and beautiful antique canopy bed in the center of the room 

The faintest scent of roses in bloom wafted by as a gust of air rushed out of the room and blew about around me.

As I entered I suddenly felt the powerful presence of a man embrace me strongly from behind.

I gasped as I felt just how badly Armand desired me as I could feel his cock as it was pressing against me. I could tell it was straining mightily as it could against the enforced confinement of his breeches and begging for release.

The eagerness of his body consumed me and I lost myself as I suddenly shuddered in pleasure.

He began kissing my neck softly as he fumbled with my blouse, my chest heaving as he struggled to unbutton it and I surrendered myself completely to him.

I wanted him so much this night my body felt as if it might explode with overwhelming emotion and sensation. 

He let the blouse drop to the floor with a gesture when it was undone and I felt him swing me around to face him.

I finally gazed upon the face I had waited so long to see. 

His dark piercing eyes tore into me with passion and lit my body aflame.

His chiseled face flashed a mischievous smile as he nimbly unclasped the front of my bra.

I reached up to press my hand against his hard angular face drinking in the sight and feel of him.

The ebon hair atop his head cascaded in ripples and shined in the candlelight and the bra finally slipped free from my chest.

My naked breasts bounced slightly as they were released and he craned his neck down to kiss me.

My nipples hardened against his chest as my breasts pressed against him and I held on tightly as I felt his tongue wrapped against mine.

His tongue caressed me with intense desire and danced across my lips and into my very being.

We stopped kissing so that my hands could lift his tunic above his head and I stroked my hands across hiscular chest savoring the feel of his sleek form.

He led me towards the bed backward and I found myself falling upon the soft mattress.

He smiled for a moment and then came down atop me as we kissed once more.

He broke away and then his hands were on my breasts clasping them firmly and applying a light and immensely pleasing pressure.

He craned his neck to take a hard nipple in his mouth and suckled it as I moaned and my body buckled. 

He then began moving his kisses slowly down my belly until he reached the top of my pants.

When he got there he tore off my pants with a passionate fury and threw them aside. 

He bent down to kiss the top of my mound as while he was removing my panties.

I trembled as his lips touched me there, so close yet so far away from the center of my pleasure.

He stopped kissing me there and then got up and removed his breeches his eyes gleaming with naughtiness.

His cock vibrated slightly in the air as it was finally freed of its prison and I couldn't keep my self from reaching over to feel it.

It was so firm and smooth as I stroked it and I enjoyed it's feeling in my hands as if I played with it all up and down its length.

He moaned as I stroked him closing his eyes to focus only the sensation of my delicate hands on his raging erection.

He enjoyed it a bit, his cock twitching and throbbing in tune with every stroke of my hands until he pulled my hands aside and parted my legs.

He pressed forward slightly with his hips and his shaft slipped deeply into me as I gasped, the feeling of his cock against my walls causing me to quiver.

My hands clenched his tight buttocks as my body enveloped his cock with an insistent embrace. 

He swayed his hips back and forth sending delicious sensations throughout my body.

I moaned with each thrust, sweating from every pore as I felt the weight of his body atop mine, my breasts pressed against his chest, his hot breath upon my face.

For what seems like an eternity we moved in a sensual rhythm, our bodies locked together as we reached a crescendo of pleasure.

We both cried out when we finally could no longer stand the building pressure and sensation rushed over both of us like the crashing waves of a storm-tossed coast and I felt him release himself to me as my body shook madly around him.

I fell asleep shortly after that as my body was both physically and emotionally too spent to keep sleep at bay for long and I fell into a sudden and deep slumber in Armand's gentle arms.

I awoke the next day and found myself naked upon the floor of a lifeless and crumbling ruin, the sun just barely peeking in between the cracks of the wrecked roof, and my beloved Armand was nowhere to be found.

I wept as the birds sang their morning greeting.