 This story will be a multi chapter book. I will try to write a chapter every week or so and post it here. Please be patient. If you enjoyed this tale please take a moment and rate it. Feedback is greatly appreciated and I really enjoy your emails! I try to write back to my readers. 

A Ghost Story, Erotic Dreams in the Haunted House

Lilly stepped cautiously over each loose and warped floorboard. As she walked over the threshold familiar pangs of uneasiness and trepidation gnawed at her. Crumbling horsehair plaster lay in dusty piles all throughout the enormous house. Wood lathe was indiscriminately ripped off the walls, leaving gaping holes infested with rodents, bugs and spiders. The place reeked of mildew and moldy wood. Thick layers of dust covered every flat surface. Outdated, hideous wallpaper was torn from the walls and bits and pieces of the crumbling paper were strewn over the worn and dank floorboards. Broken pieces of decrepit furniture were scattered haphazardly throughout various rooms in the abandoned home. 

The one hundred and twenty year old mansion was abandoned in 1975. Over the decades vandals ransacked the place contributing to the structures demise. Outside the one time grandeur façade was tormented and beat up by the elements with a ruthless fury. The wood siding made from enormous oak planks was cupped, bowed and rotting. Nearly all the yellow paint weathered and flaked off long ago. 

This visit was especially bittersweet for Lilly because it would be her last. Next month the town was going to demolish the place. The once grand estate was too far-gone for rehabilitation so the sad, tormented house would be put out of her misery. Lilly wanted to cry for the loss of such a grand lady. 

Most residents in the small seaside town pushed vehemently for the destruction of the home. The creepy mansion was not just an eyesore but was haunted. Everyone knew this as fact but no one talked about it. People avoided the place and claimed a pervasive chill hung over the property. As if the winds whipped up suddenly from the Atlantic Ocean during a bitterly cold Nor'easter. 

The estate was built on the edge of town, in a remote, desolate area. A low-lying fog always shrouded the property. Massive and monstrous oak trees cloaked the house in a sinister veil of giant spiky leaves. Gnarled, grasping limbs and branches were poised overhead ready to drag an unsuspecting victim into the dank earth and bury the body deep within the vast root system. 

People swore they heard loud moans, shrieks and hair-raising screams manifesting from within the crumbling structure. Gray wispy figures rose out of the chilling mist and encircled the house. Those brave enough to walk up to the cobblestone pathway swore the mansion was alive. The earth beneath their feet seemed to heave while they trod over the overgrown, weed infested cracked walkway. Doors and windows would slam shut when the air was dead still. Decayed chunks of wood flew off the house and smashed to the ground, splintering and raining sharp rusting nails. Most prowlers were terrified and never returned.

The house gained her nefarious reputation in 1893 when the wealthy owner, Edward A. Kahn hung himself in the foyer over the grand staircase. He was the son of an affluent Persian father and English mother with aristocratic lineage. Kahn allegedly was a handsome and extremely charming womanizer. He became obsessed with the beautiful young daughter of a local well to do family. Her attitude toward him was indifferent and cool however. This ate away at his self-serving ego until he became fanatical in his efforts to possess her. 

Her family, alarmed by his notorious reputation, attempted to discourage the union. Kahn worked his persuasive and debonair charisma though and wore her and her family down until they reluctantly agreed to the match. Once she was in his clutches he became a terrifying nightmare. Or so the gossip mongers in her tight knit and nosey town, claimed.

Behind his charming easygoing façade was a brooding, dark and controlling man, they said. Kahn became so domineering the woman eventually fled for her life. Some believe she died under mysterious circumstances. Townspeople claimed Kahn locked her away in the attic. Others still are sure he slit her throat with an Arabic jambya knife and buried her under one of the many oak trees newly planted on the property. She and Kahn, it was rumored, were the source for the supernatural and freighting wails and shrieks. Their tortured restless spirits haunted the property.

As a child, Lilly would listen intently to the many stories and rumors about the great house and its original owners. Unlike everyone else though she wasn't afraid of the Kahn estate. Lilly was transfixed and spell bound by the houses history and was enraptured by the gloomy and disturbing tales surrounding her illustrious past. 

Something felt so familiar about Edward, as if she knew him. Even though he died so long ago Lilly knew they shared a deep connection. She thought the malicious rumors were meant to slander Mr. Kahn. Lilly was sure people were misinformed and got the story wrong. Pieces of the puzzle seemed to be missing. 

Lilly was a quite and mostly solitary child. The estate was a respite of sorts for her curious and overactive imagination. She would ride her bike to the house nearly every day when she was younger. Lilly would stop and drop her bike in the overgrown weedy lawn before entering through the rusty and rotted iron gate. She never heard any scary noises or saw the eerie, murky fog. The house wasn't torn asunder before her eyes but reminded intact during her visits. Its degeneration was caused by decades of neglect not because of any powerful vengeful spirits. 

She was sure of one very definite and scary fact. Mr. Kahn's ghost appeared to her many times. When he first manifested in the hazy window she was sure she was seeing things. His mouth moved in earnest as if he desperately needed to tell her something but no words came out. When the girl realized she was seeing an actual ghost Lilly was so terrified she couldn't scream or move. His dead filmy eyes bore into her with such deep intensity. She wanted to scream to relieve the overwhelming panic bubbling over in her but couldn't. 

After a few encounters with him Lilly's fear was replaced with a deep abiding sympathy. Sadness was so deeply etched on his diaphanous face the emotion was palpable. His enormous dark eyes seemed to plead with her. He never approached her though and made sure to keep far away, as if he didn't want to scare her with his freighting appearance. 

If he appeared when she was inside the house the room would turn icy cold. Her breath became vaporous even on hot and humid summer days. Again, tears flowed from his black hollow sockets. He tried to utter words but his lifeless mouth was silent. The gesture was creepy and unnerving. Kahn's eyes communicated great despair but the meaning was unclear. Edward would vanish after a few moments and Lilly was more frustrated with each encounter. 

Sometimes Lilly would wait outside the house just sitting on her bike. Her long legs firmly planted into the ground. She strained to peer into the gloomy, broken windows to see if his filmy figure would appear. She would wait sometimes hours and just as she was about to leave inevitably she'd turn her head and peek over her shoulder and he would manifest. First as a wispy swirl then his entire body materialized into a transparent masculine figure. Lilly would smile sweetly and wave.

Lilly hoped her visits provided some sort of comfort to the lost, lonely spirit. The young girl wanted to desperately believe that the rumors were untrue. Edward Kahn loved that woman and wasn't the cruel man everyone said he was. 

After Edward Khan died a young female cousin from England moved into the house. The homes tragic past made everyone leery and she was the only family member who wanted the place. She was bright, progressive and an ardent supporter of the Suffragette movement. She didn't believe in the any of the supernatural nonsense. The cousin was engaged to a lawyer from Boston. After they were married they moved into the estate and e started a law practice in town.

Those close to the newly married couple claimed they were friendly, outgoing and had a wide social circle. Nearly as soon as they set up house the two became reclusive and hardly ever left the manor. On the rare occasion they did leave their appearance startled everyone who knew them. The pair was gaunt and pale and they were very fearful and skittish. 

Invitations to social events dropped off until no one bothered to send any more as they always went unanswered. When friends made unexpected visits they were shooed away as if they were terrified to allow them inside. The husband closed his practice within a year and was barely able to support his family with his meager trust fund. Both lost interest in the chartable causes they were both passionate about. 

During this time the once grand estate, the pride and joy of Edward A. Kahn began to sink into disrepair. Husband and wife died within two months of each other. The coroner claimed from heart disease but they were only in their early forties. Rumors were, the haunted house drove them insane and they died from fright.

The cousin gave birth to a daughter, their only living child in 1895. People claimed she was even odder than her parents. She would talk to herself constantly. Not just talk but argue and scream. Bat shit crazy, that's what the townspeople called her. The daughter became even the more bat shit crazy the older she got. 

She inherited the estate after her parents' death. She too isolated herself in the old miserable house. The children in town called her a witch and claimed she would deliberately kill rodents birds and insects and any other four legged creature she could trap, shoot or strangle. They once broke into the basement and found the poor dead creatures stuffed into mason jars until they desiccated or turned into skeletal remains. 

She too died of heart disease in 1975. Folks were surprised she lived so long. The children believed she made animal sacrifices to the evil entities. As her reward she was allowed to live to a ripe old age. After her death the house was abandoned. The daughter never married and died without a will. 

The family wanted nothing to do with the place and they couldn't sell after trying for many years. Everyone knew the mansion was haunted. The once grandest and most expensive home in Dartmouth now sat worn, withered and weather-beaten. Neglected, as it was eaten away from the inside and out by nature. Her soul stripped away and gutted. 

County officials condemned the property a few years back and were chomping at the bit to have the house demolished as quickly and quietly as possible. She was an ugly stain on towns' history. There would be no protests or outcries of support to restore the historic home. Everyone hoped once the rotted remains were buried deep in a landfill, her scary history would be buried along with it. 

Lilly's wealthy aunt left her a trust fund when she died and the young woman considered buying the place. Once she got a rough estimate on how much money it would cost to refurbish the manor she was too discouraged. Lilly would be too deep in debt and she had one more year of grad school to pay for. Besides, no local contractor would take the job. Even the burly 'macho men' refused to step foot on the property. They all thought she was crazy for even considering such an undertaking. 

Lilly was a beautiful, soft-spoken and rational woman. But beneath the exterior of her reserved demeanor her passion and unwavering determination took people by surprise. Lilly cared deeply about the house and tried to gather support to turn the place into an historical landmark. 

Mr. Kahn's industrial mills provided many jobs for the residents and helped grow the local economy. He was also a very charitable man. His generous donations funded the local library and hospital. People didn't remember his kind deeds though. Kahn hung himself and now haunted his former home. He wasn't a real live man who once gave generously to the community he was a ghost story.

Her requests were met his great reluctance at best and outright hostility from a few ignorant townspeople. Her parents were uneasy with the scrutiny their daughter was getting from the local community and urged her stop. She reluctantly agreed. 

Her biggest fear now was for Mr. Kahn's ghost. He'd been attached to his beloved home for over a century. Where would he go once his home was destroyed? 

Today, during her last visit to the crumbing mansion, she would make peace with homes inevitable demise and try to say goodbye to Mr. Kahn's spirit. Whenever she thought about the once handsome, wealthy and successful man who had so much to live for, her chest knotted up and she wanted to cry. 

Lilly crept across the ancient floorboards careful to watch for gaping, splintered openings in the old rotted wood. There was so much damage and destruction. The long neglected sagging roof was bent and riddled with cracks, fissures and large holes. The elements made a hasty path into the home and punished the once grand interior. Pooling water and moisture warped the once opulent mahogany floors. Pieces of old, faded newspapers eerily floated across the worn floorboards. Probably used by the residents as stuffing to fill the many gaps that let in wind, rain and rodents. Patches of black mold covered many of the walls and the place stank of mildew. 

Lilly paused. She thought she heard music. Somewhere, off in a room deep within the house a faint musical melody was playing. Lilly convinced herself that the sound was the wind howling and whistling through the many crevices and cracks in the dilapidated manor. When she heard the noise again, louder and more distinct, the tiny hairs on her body stood erect. 

Lillian froze in place then swallowed hard. The song played on an old fashion calliope. She knew the tune and could hum the ditty in her head. Lilly didn't know where she ever heard the melody before so why did she know the tune by heart? 

"What the hell?' She muttered. Her voice echoed in the empty room.

The sad melody filled her with a familiar yearning. The tune became louder, either mocking her or urging her to remember. The melancholic refrain seemed to be urging her to recall something, but what? 

Lilly closed her eyes to think. Then bright flickering images appeared in her mind. An old time movie was playing in her head. She could almost imagine an old movie reel clicking in her ears. The scene was blurry at first but came into focus.

Perched atop an ornate wooden horse on a carousel sat a pretty fresh faced young woman dressed in Victorian style clothing. Her wide elaborate hat was festooned with layers of delicate pretty pink roses. Loose and soft blonde curls poked out from under the brim. She was laughing and tried to hide the silliness behind her hand in an attempt to remain lady like. Music blared out of the calliope. 

The showy, garish carousel whirled at dizzying speeds. A breeze captured the ribbons on her hat and fluttered them widely in the air. Lilly swore she could smell the candy apples, popcorn and freshly cut grass in the air. Each time the merry-go-round came to a certain spot, her dark, sea stormy eyes fixed on a man standing near the carousel. The man was Edward Kahn. 

The lady on the carousel and Edward Kahn locked eyes for a second before the fast moving machine spun her away again. She searched him out again during the next pass but he was gone. The woman looked frantically for him but he seemed to vanish. As the ride began to slow a hand reached out and grasped her shoulder. She spun around. He was standing beside her. Edward grabbed her waist and pulled her gently off the wooden stallion. His full lips melted into hers as he slid his hand up her thigh. His tongue dove into her mouth in a decadent, electrifying and possessive kiss. 

The image of the young woman zoomed in. Lilly was shocked. The female in old fashion clothing looked exactly like her. Need and desire surged through Lilly's body as if she were experiencing Edwards intense kiss along with her doppelganger. She felt his warm lips and tongue darting into her mouth. His warm, solid body pressed firmly into hers.

Lilly opened her eyes as the images of the two lovers faded away. She was back in the present day, inside the creepy mansion. Lilly touched her cheeks and realized she was crying. The intense passion shared by the lovers touched her profoundly. She dropped to her knees onto the dirty, rotted floorboards. Her head sizzled in pain and throbbed so intensely a wave of nausea made her heave. Then searing pain coursed through her and she nearly collapse. 

"Edward, what are you trying to tell me?" Lilly cried.

The calliopes music thundered and shook the room. She wedged her hands tightly against her ears as her head pounded. The last thing she remembered before everything turned black was a human form gently scooping her up before she dropped onto the splintered wood floor. 

****

Lilly was dreaming about a man and woman riding a carousel when woke with a start. Her eyes flew open. She couldn't recall where she was. As she pieced together the fragments of her last conscious thought she remembered passing out in Edward Kahn's abandoned Estate.

She wasn't on a dirty floor though but was laying on a soft surface. Yes, it was a bed. She was wrapped in a warm, heavy comforter. Was she still asleep but didn't realize it? From the corners of her eyes she saw huge flames blazing, snapping and crackling in an enormous fireplace adorned with ornately carved wooden cherubs. The aroma of the sweet smoky wood curled up her nose and she inhaled the comforting scent. If this were a dream it was a very vivid one she thought. Lilly should be terrified but instead felt calm and peaceful. 

She wasn't dressed in her faded jeans, tee shirt, bra or panties. Instead a rich silky fabric licked at her skin then she realized it was a nightgown. The garment felt like absolute heaven. A jolt of panic prickled at her. Whose bed was she in and who undressed her? 

Lilly managed to twist her head sideways. She noticed the room looked somewhat familiar to an area in the west wing of the mansion she'd explored before. That's where the similarities ended. The space was opulent and furnished in a high French style. Heavy, thick draperies covered the enormous windows. Her bed was huge with tall posters and canopied in pink sateen fabric. Gilded upholstered chairs graced each end of the bedroom. A large ornate bombe chest sat in the corner. 

Lilly felt disoriented. None of this made sense. Her head throbbed and she felt like she would pass out. She shut her eyes tightly.

"Where am I, how did I get here?" she whispered to herself. 

"Close your eyes my darling, it will ease the pain, you are quite safe, my love. Please, just rest easy a moment." 

A disembodied voice spoke from a dark corner. Lilly's eyes flew open. Someone was in the room with her. A man's voice spoke to her in a distinct British accent. The tenor and tone was soothing but despondent. 

"Who are you and where are you? Please---show yourself!" 

He was silent. Did he leave the room? She should open her eyes but darkness kept the throbbing at bay. 

"You are in our home. This is how our bedroom looked in the past. You won't remember vivid details but I pray some of your memories from your past life haven't completely faded.

Lilly couldn't make sense of what he was saying. Past lives? What the hell was going on? Was this some kook trying to scare her? Well, she thought, he was doing a damn good job of it!
