 Lisa had handed me off to my mother, who had me pinned down, sitting on my knees. I could feel her pussy juices begin to dribble onto me, her pleasant aroma filling the air as her smooth, flared hips swayed and nudged against my head. 

A little spark of inspiration went through my brain. It was only a hunch, but mom turned into one of these things only after she had agreed to do so. "It's not gonna work."

Lisa stopped suddenly, even as Katie kept knocking at the door. "Oh? How so?"

"She has to agree first..." I hoped somehow I would be throwing her off-guard, that maybe I had stumbled upon some supernatural law. If not, I prayed Katie would lose interest, do anything but stay where she is.

Lisa leaned down to me, bending over so I could see her massive breasts, as rivulets of moisture streamed off the upper swell of her globes like an ice sculpture. "Oh, well isn't that sweet. But no, I'm afraid what you're referring to is a contract, which is more in the big red guy's wheelhouse." 

Well shit, there goes that idea. She licked my neck, before she moved up to my ear, her hot breath sending tingles down my skin. "Me? I like playing things by ear, or rather tail. Although I must admit it's fun to make them think they have a choice!"

And then I did the thing I should have done from the very beginning. I tried to warn off Katie, but just as the first hints of a scream were about to leave my throat I felt mom's hand rush to my mouth, muffling me completely.

Lisa walked slow, deliberately slow, to our door, pausing before it and smiling at me. Her tits hung in a perfect heart shape, full and soft, they wobbled with irresistible tenderness. Already I missed them pressed against me. It was then she closed her eyes and moaned, doing something new. Something I hadn't seen before. She sprouted wings.

They unfurled from her shoulder blades, elegant yet bat-like, the skin of her wings leathery and blue-black, like her tail. Her massive wing span filled the kitchen, and when combined with her dominant walk, she reminded me of some demonic bird of prey. She swung the door open, almost ripping it off its hinges, as the image of a pale, winged and arrow tailed beauty filled Katie's vision.

She was too shocked to scream, her mouth agape as Lisa dragged her in. Katie hit her with her handbag, trying to push her off but to no avail. Adrenaline flowed through me, as I broke away from my mom's hold, head butting her and throwing her off her grip.

I knew I was screwed, that within seconds I would be drooling on the linoleum floor. So I did the only thing I could. I consoled my girlfriend. "Katie I'm so sorry! Things got real fucked up, I love-" and then like clockwork, my mother had me down on the ground.

Katie looked down on me with a mix of confusion and terror. She had no clue what was going, even as Lisa pulled her back, ripping off her pants and frilly shirt. She was stripped down down to her bra and panties, with Lisa's lascivious tail questing and teasing all around her shapely legs, leaving behind an oily substance in its wake, giving her skin a supple, moist shine.

Lisa had her by the neck, the back of her head pulled into the silken valley of her breasts, her face practically smothered between the gentle weight of her round mounds. Lisa licked her face as love juices flowed down her sculpted thighs, teasing my girlfriend with unhurried relish as she prepared to ravish her.

Katie tried to escape in one final effort, but the succubus would not be denied. I remember with crystal clarity the look she gave me. Filled with hopelessness and resignation, her eyes tearful, she said "I love you!". It was the last time I saw her as a human, as Lisa's claws pulled her back by the throat, while her tale impaled her pussy, going straight through her panties, as Lisa's wings enclosed them both.

I could only see her dangling feet from underneath the black wings, struggling against her violator. Her screams soon became muffled, and I had to assume Lisa had stifled her protests within the curvaceous bounty of her lavish breasts. Then the thrusting began.

My mother held me in a suffocating grip, stroking my cock as she whispered into my ear, narrating my girlfriend's fall into darkness. "Oh look at that honey...she's so innocent, so ripe for the joining, ready to become a goddess...."

"Fuck you."

"That's no way to talk to your mother!" she squeezed my balls, mashing the buttery soft flesh of her heavy tits into my back as she kissed my neck. Her very scent made me dizzy, smelling like some sharp fragrance that made me incredibly aroused. "There...that's better. My son will get what he wants...what he needs...soon enough. But first- oooh look honey, she's into it now!"

I looked down but she forced me to look forward, and she was right. I couldn't see Katie's feet, she must have wrapped herself around her violator. Lisa moaned gutturally, I could imagine her muscular legs flexing under Katie's weight as her tail plunged in, dripping Katie's love juices all over the floor. Katie, for her part, was moaning incoherently into Lisa's bosom, delirious from the lack of air and molten pleasure.

"See? See how fast she crumbled...how she could not resist...she wants to be reborn...to give herself up to a life of endless lust and immortality...soon she will be broken and join our...sisterhood, our family."

"No one 'wants' this you crazy bitch."

"Oh? Do you not want to do your part?"

"I saw how well it worked out for my brother..."

She let me recline further back, letting my head rest into the slick perfection of her feminine globes, their softness nearly enveloping all conscious thought as she brought her lips to my ear. "Oh baby, he was a necessary sacrifice...but you? Did you really think we would devour your soul? No, there are other ways to be useful to a daughter of Lilith...."

"Fuck."

She continued breathing along my neck, fondling my cock and hugging her sensuous body against mine, making slight humping motions, all the while the room was growing hot again, like when she had been changed just an hour before. Lisa was close to letting loose.

Mom hugged me closer to her body, gripping me tighter than ever. Within her grasp, I felt her search and prod through my mind, pushing the side of my face into her jutting breasts as she rooted out my secrets. I zoned out as I felt the smooth, tender caress of her ample melons press against my face, and couldn't resist her probing, made all the easier as she leaned in and kissed me, her lips sweet and dewy. And then she found something, her body trembling as she moaned into my mouth, pleased with her discovery.

"Ahh the journey to the truth is so sweet...you hid her from me...my grandchild...she will be taken as well...wreathed in shadow she too will become a daughter of Lilith...corrupted in her very womb!"

I wanted to scream defiance and pummel her, but warmth and pleasure throbbed throughout my body, overcome by her sexual aura I could only slump further into her clutches. I fell away from her lips, my face slumping into the pillows of her breasts. Her flesh felt so soft, so warm, I wanted to ravish her right there, and drown in the vastness of her moist cleavage, but she turned my face back to the action, insistent on making me witness Katie's 'awakening'.

"This is it my son...watch as the ones you love are taken away from you...changed for glorious purpose!"

She put her fingers to my temples, and through some trickery, let me see through Lisa's wings. I could see Katie holding on, her face stuffed into Lisa's meaty tits as the tail grew more violent and urgent in its thrusting, both of their bodies quivering and aching for release.

Lisa showed incredible strength, supporting her body with one arm as she kept another hand around her head, smothering her face into her succulent rack, forcing her to suck upon her dark nipples. I could only assume her breasts were leaking some kind of aphrodisiac, as a clear fluid dribbled down the sides of Katie's neck, and the more she drank, the further she pressed into her violator's massive tits, her supple mounds swelling outwards as Katie drank deeply of her ambrosia.

Lisa's eyes fluttered as she leaned her head back, moaning in bliss as her claws gripped Katie ever tighter, her own moans having grown more sedate as Lisa dulled her mind, letting her sink into overwhelming pleasure.

But I could see her peace would not last, for a new lust filled Lisa's eyes, one that demanded carnal satisfaction and the ruination of innocence. From the trembling of her shapely legs and the swelling of her strong thighs, to the husky moans escaping her throat, Lisa had come to the peak of her unholy desires.

And then in one powerful plunge, it happened. Lisa brought her wings in even closer, crushing Katie to her body as she clawed her poison down her back, while sinking her fangs into her neck, pouring her essence straight into her bloodstream. 

Katie jerked in surprise, managing to shake out of her grip and pull her face away from the quivering slopes of her cleavage as she cried out in what I can only describe as pure pleasure and terror.

"NO! OHHH FUCK! No...so...deep...mmmh...no...too late..."

"She's got that right...her fate is sealed...look honey, look how that big tail is just pumping her salvation, deep into her womb..." whispered my mother, holding my face as she made sure I watched every last drop of Lisa's dark venom gush and seethe into Katie's clenching pussy.

Her legs were locked around Lisa's thrusting waist, letting the rest of her body lean back as Lisa buried her face in her tits, lashing her tongue and relishing the soft delight of her jiggling breasts. Poor Katie, her eyes had rolled back into her head as her mouth hung open, ravaged by pleasure, she was utterly helpless to resist Lisa's touch, the succubus' hands clawing in to her firm bottom as she plunged even deeper in to her wet, contracting depths.

She thrashed in her grip, moaning uncontrollably as multiple orgasms savaged her body. I could see her ass cheeks flexing, straining for more of the tail, her body instinctively wanting to be conquered by the strong demon seed. Her body couldn't wait to lose this fight, even if her mind didn't. But then that changed too, as I heard my girlfriend finally cave in to her overwhelming desires.

"Oh fuck yes! Fill me up! I need it...I need it all! TAKE ME!"

I choked up a little. My girl was gone. Maybe her personality was still intact, but it wouldn't be for long. As it was for my mother, so it was for my girlfriend. Her mind had fully embraced the inevitability of her glorious defeat, surrendering herself to be overpowered as Lisa planted her darkness deep within her soul.

Katie shuddered, giving one final whimper of pleasure before passing out into Lisa's lush breasts, her cute face slumping between the soft chasm of her plump globes. Her body stopped tensing, her limbs going slack as her feet dangled above the floor once more.

"I think that's enough of a peek. Can't ruin the present after all..." said mom, pulling her fingers away from my head. My vision restored itself, and I could only see Katie's dainty feet underneath the wings. Black oil and her combined sweat puddled onto the ground, streaming down her legs and off her toes. There was no hope for her, not even my mom got that much.

And then just like my mom, it happened. She shot back to life, and I could hear her moaning into Lisa's cleavage, and see her feet twitch and spasm. Above the sounds of her bones restitching and reforming, I could hear her orgasms, growing louder with each change.

Within the twitching veil of Lisa's wings there were all kinds of movements and bulges along the skin, squelching sounds filling the air as Katie was reborn as a succubus. My mother had grown extremely wet, grinding against me, her eyes wide and deranged, eager as me to see the new Katie.

Lisa's wings stopped churning and then moved to the ground, obscuring my view of Katie's feet. The thing looked like a demonic tent in the middle of my kitchen. And then the wings parted from the sides, blooming apart like rose petals, with Katie in the middle, standing like a newly born Aphrodite, drenched and gleaming with sweat, her modest breasts engorged into ripe melons, her eyes as black as midnight, a wicked smile stretching her face. 

Her full, round tits bounced as she rejoiced in her new form, twirling around with such athletic grace it was as if her body suddenly remembered it had once been a ballet dancer. The smooth, milky skin of her upturned breasts was flushed light red, as were the filled out cheeks of her ass, still swelling with the blood flow from the dark energies that coursed through her body.

"Hey baby....miss me? We're going to have so much fun!" She thrust her generous chest at me, grasping my head as she devoured my mouth. She forced my hands onto her colossal tits, mashing them to her chest. My fingers sank into their welcoming softness. They...they felt too firm and too beautiful to be real...and yet they were. I then felt her move my palms down, having them slide down her moistened skin and onto her belly.

"Our baby...will be just like us." She gave me the twisted, mirror image of the look she gave me when she told me she was pregnant, her pitch eyes dripping black tears of mock sentiment, as her belly grumbled and churned, the innocent life within consumed and reformed for dark purpose.

The thought of a demon child made my skin crawl, so I unconsciously slid my hands back up to her inviting breasts, her impossibly soft skin and pliable flesh welcoming my touch. She moaned sensually as I kneaded the fullness of her voluptuous peaks, moving in to hug me as she grasped for my cock.

I was numb, and could only stare ahead as she hugged herself around me, nuzzling into my neck as she whispered her newly awakened desires. I felt mom's slick, warm breasts press into my back as she hugged me from behind, my body caught in a sandwich of writhing and twisting titflesh. I should have been aroused, but inside I could only mourn for the loss of my loved ones. Despite them being right in front of me, I knew that the ones I loved, the ones I cared for, were truly gone.

Lisa looked on at her foul work with pride, slinking out of the shadows to get a closer view of our sick family reunion. "Why don't I show you where our big happy family is going to be? These mortal trappings are hardly befitting for the goddesses we are!"

Lisa tackled all three of us, but we did not hit the ground. We just kept on falling and falling, the air growing hotter and hotter, filled with more strange smells the deeper we fell, until finally I blacked out. 

***

I awoke on top of red satin sheets, in a fire lit room, built entirely out of gray stones. All around me sat three gorgeous women, my mom, my girlfriend and Lisa. I was naked and they were all wearing something different...Lisa looked like some BDSM stripper, her luscious, pale endowments covered halfway by black latex, cupping her rack in such a way to tease and show there were treasures worth hiding. Mom wore a skin-tight gown, indigo threads tracing and teasing around her creamy skin, stretched to the limit around her bursting cleavage, while Katie wore some sort of see through negligee, I couldn't see much because mom was sitting in front of her, the two sharing hushed utterances from ear to ear.

Anyway, given the downward motion of my fall, the heat, the stone and the fact these chicks were succubi, there was little doubt in my mind as to where we were. "I'm in Hell, aren't I?"

Lisa ruffled my hair, crossing one of her thighs over me. "Where we are...it is not quite as high as Heaven, not as low as Hell, nor as dark as Tartarus...it is somewhere in between. This is our new home...this is where I will rebuild, and breed my succubi coven into dominance."

I looked over to Katie. Mom had finished her conversation with her and moved back, revealing her fully. When I looked upon the woman who used to be my girlfriend, I screamed. 

Her belly had gone from nearly invisible to bulging, as if she were nine months pregnant, about to burst. Black veins reached across skin, rippling with foul essence. Mom looked down to me, her eyes pitch black, keeping her hand on my girlfriend. "Don't be so alarmed honey...this will be me soon enough, and Lisa too. Succubus pregnancies are short lived, their childhoods quick and fleeting, no sooner than she is out your daughter will be fully grown, hungry for souls to devour."

Lisa whispered into my ear, resting her overflowing melons on my chest. "It will be glorious...while it lasts. Whether I use you for a meal, or to father the coven's young, your vitality will break away with each...sowing of the soul, until there is no more life to give, and you will know you have served your purpose."

With a snap of her fingers I felt scalding hot irons clasp around my wrists. The burns were excruciating as I felt my arms drawn up by flaming chains in the wall, my body spread eagle and completely defenseless as these she-devils eyed me like a hunk of meat.

Lisa straddled me, grinding herself against my rigid cock, breathing down my neck as she pressed her plush globes against me. "Now Thomas...you will give your life to me, that I may create more...give me your seed...your soul!" 

I wanted nothing more than to fuck her right there, grabbing and groping her luscious body, but my hands were tied, and as was becoming the norm with these ladies, I could do nothing but watch. A deep sigh left her mouth as she slowly impaled herself on my cock. I tried to hold back from enjoying it, knowing how costly this encounter would be. But I could not deny the pleasure, and as she sank down on my cock, I let loose a gasp as her pussy lips melded around my shaft.

It felt as if we had literally become one, as if the wet, pulsating cavern of her sex had melted around my shaft, and tapped into our shared nerve endings. With every thrust, throb and contraction, I buckled and strained not to come right there. Her moans were soft and shallow, her breath quick as we reveled in the twin pleasures of penetration.

"My apologies handsome, but I have not feasted on a man in some time...I need it right now...this will..." she unclasped her bra , thrusting and shaking her breasts in my face, each orb lightly smacking my cheeks as a runny, clear fluid began to seep from her hardening nipples, "...make it go faster..."

I screamed in pain as I felt her claws dig into my back, pulling me forward into the glistening expanse that was her jiggling bosom. I felt her hips slam into mine as her moans became deeper and more desperate. And then my face was finally mashed into one of her soft mounds, and my lips instinctively latched on to her nipple, drinking of the intoxicating fluid that enlivened my veins with unnatural desire.

Immediately I felt myself go past the breaking point, insane pleasure and heat raced up my shaft, and I strained to hold back, but to no avail. I jerked and twitched inside her, powerful pulses of my seed and life spewed deep in to her sucking womb, greedy for all I could offer.

The feeling of my essence did not placate her, just the opposite, her undulating pussy squelched louder and drew down more, and her riding took on a manic pace, her grip like a vice around my head as she kept me smothered to her heavy tits. 

I drank and drank, coming continuously, never feeling the cooldown of arousal that follows after orgasm, instead feeling a creeping coolness tingle through my body as her infernal sex took its toll of life. And as she screamed into the air, rutting like a bitch in heat, feeling her raging heartbeat through her bouncing breasts, it hit me. 

The end of my life had begun.