 — 1692 --

The shepherd ambled up towards the torches in the square, he had been driving flocks for weeks before returning to town, completely unaware of the situation unfolding. He saw a neighbour and nudged him.

"Aye, what's the ruckus now?" The man's eyes went wide and he offered a guttural whisper.

"It's the Goody Parker, she killed her husband using witchcraft!"

The shepherd eyed the small woman in chains at the centre of the crowd. She was blonde, and fair skinned, eyes surprisingly as dark as the night.

"We tried to hang her, but the rope broke. We dunked her, but she survived. She's a witch alright! They tried to burn her at the stake, but the rains came for days,"

The woman and her tiny body, burdened by the heft of her restraints stood slumped and unmoving as the mob spat and cursed at her.

"So what's this about then," The shepherd waved towards the mass of angry townspeople.

"They're putting her on a boat, and going to give her to the sea to deal with. Reckon that halfway to England should put her deep enough to never be seen or heard from again."

The shepherd rubbed his jaw. He had never been much to believe in this witchcraft nonsense, but knew enough to contradict the will of the people. He slunk off shaking his head as Goody Parker was dragged towards the docks, and her imminent fate.

* * * * * *

It was by the third week at sea that Captain William Hugh Barnes began to feel that his journey with Goody Parker was coming to an end. They had sailed far enough north that the fall weather had begun to worsen. The nights were particularly cold, but she had remained silent the entire time, without even a twitch. He had begun to resent her - despite his mission, he had felt obliged to feed her and look after her well being - but had begun to take stock of the resources he was wasting on her, without even a thank you, or acknowledgement. Every time he would look at her pale face and cold dead eyes, he grew more hateful towards her, loathing this thankless burden that had been thrust upon him.

The night before he was to pitch her into the sea, he stalked out into the calm crisp air and hung his lamp aside the main mast where she was tied. Despite the cold, she barely even shivered.

"You're no witch," He hissed at her, spittle landing on her forehead. "You're a whore! And you've wasted enough of my time ya trollop!" He thrust his hand between her legs, groping through the layers of her petticoat. "I'll get some worth out of you, before I throw you in the drink!"

Goody Parker never looked up as he began to tear away at her clothes. Her left breast was exposed to the air, the cold tightening her nipple, as she began to mutter under her breath. Captain Barnes stood back, unsure what to make of her calm demeanour, almost demanding her cries and revulsion.

"You saying your prayers missy? Repenting for your sins?!" He sneered as he began to loosen his bedclothes. 

Just then, Goody Parker's eyes shot up, her muttering turning into a loud incantation, her dark eyes filling with blood. Barnes froze in spot, suddenly horrified by a thunderous shriek as the waters began to rise around them. Waves crashed over the bow, and the crew began to wake as a series of tentacles flew through the air grabbing Barnes, and tearing him apart. As the shipmates stumbled out onto the deck, they were picked up and tossed overboard into the stormy waters. One final wave seemed to pick up the ship and send it hurtling northwards as the ropes around Goody Parker slackened and fell to her feet. She walked calmly to the bow of the ship, looking out into the dark, trying to figure out where she was going. She glanced down at the figurehead of the ship, a naked mermaid, and moved to cover her exposed breast as she contemplated her icy fate.

* * * * * *

— 2016 —

"C'mon Kate, let's fucking go already!" Dave Buchanan honked his horn again, getting more and more impatient waiting for his girlfriend Becky to leave her house. The two had been a pair the last two years of high school, and now with graduation behind them, were looking at a possible split. While Becky had opted to head to the city for school - Dave had decided to take a float year, to work the fishing trawlers along the coast, primarily living at home with his parents here in Salem, Mass.

Dave had chosen to avoid the topic of their relationship altogether, though Becky had indicated an interest in trying to make things work long distance. To Dave, Becky was just going to be another notch on his belt. As captain of the rugby and basketball teams, he had enjoyed many of the ladies at school, all under the unsuspecting nose of his girlfriend. While he enjoyed living the life of a respectful, church going boyfriend with Becky, he had spent most of his high school career popping cherries and slinging his dick around town. Becky, the nice girl was his final conquest. Possibly the last good looking virgin in the graduating class.

"Coming!" Becky slammed the door shut, waving at her unseen parents as she walked towards Dave's car. She was a genteel red head, tall and slender with curvy hips and large voluptuous breasts. Most of her life, she was the awkward little ginger kid, all the others would make fun of. By the time she hit puberty, her genetics kicked into high gear, and she suddenly found herself in the popular circles. While incredibly smart, Becky's optimism about people often clouded her towards their true motives. A religious, church going type, she liked to believe in the best of others, as well as the sanctity of marriage. Which kept her from going too far with her boyfriend Dave.

Dave was a tall, strapping lad, with perfectly cut brown hair, and blue eyes. His body showed the effort he put into sport, thick and muscled, and he proudly retained his body hair, not going in for that "prissy shaving and waxing shit". When Becky let herself think sexual thoughts, her focus often went to Dave's furry forearms, and the tuft of hair that stuck out from his V-neck. When she imagined burying her face in all that manliness, she would find her lady parts dampening, and quickly work to distract herself.

"I'm here sweets," She opened the car door and slid inside, leaning over the console to kiss her boyfriend.

"What took so long baby?! I was out here forever!"

"I'm sorry babe, my parents just wanted to talk to me," Dave kept his hands on the steering wheel, staring straight ahead and acting all put out. He knew he had to really work things tonight if he was to finally fuck Becky, so every little move counted. Becky shifted her body into his space and wrapped her arms around his neck.

"I'm sawwwy, baaaaby. I pwomise to make it up to you," She pecked his cheek and tilted her head waiting for a reaction.

"Its just that we had reservations, but now I don't know if we can still make them,"

"Awwww, my gosh. I'm so sorry. Can we still try to go?" Dave turned the key in the ignition, still not looking at his girlfriend.

"Buckle up. We can give it a shot, if you really want."

Becky shyly sat back in her seat and quietly fastened her seatbelt. Dave was feeling good about tonight.

* * * * * *

Dinner was the easy part for Dave. He had bribed his friends who worked there for the best table, and a continuous stream of cheap wine and shots. He was experienced enough in manipulating women to get what he wanted. Becky would be his bon voyage treat before hitting the seas the next day. He knew she would be hinting around at the question of their relationship all during dinner, so he kept the drinks flowing, and the roving violinist nearby as a distraction.

It was in the back of his car, down at the docks that he would do his talking about a relationship. Becky and him lay across the flattened backseat that had been pushed down to make room, his shirt was off, and he was groping Becky under her skirt, and over her panties. She was drunkenly mewing at his touch, but resisting.

"No baby, I don't want... I don't wanna do this."

"C'mon Becks, I'm going away, you're going to school. How do I know you're not just going to give it to some other guy?

"But I love you, you know that and I-" Dave pulled open Becky's shirt, exposing her bra. She was shocked at the sensation, which seemed to take her momentarily out of her inebriated state. "David, I said no!"

Dave leaned his body against hers, pushing her legs apart and pushing his groin closer to hers. With one hand, he began to unbuckle his jeans, with the other he wrapped his fingers around Becky's throat. "and I'm saying yes!"

In the corner of his eye, Dave caught a light out on the water and turned his head. Suddenly, right at the edge of the dock was a massive wooden ship, a naked mermaid figurehead looming over the hood of his car. A female voice seemed to slither up his spine and into his ears;

"I would do as the lady wishes,"

Just as fast, the backdoor to his car was yanked open, and Dave was pulled out onto the dock by his ankles. He landed with a thud, banging his head in the process. Becky scrambled up off her back and stuck her head out of the open door. 

Standing in a beam of moonlight was a tiny blonde woman with blood red eyes. She looked ethereal, and dignified, almost statuesque. She was surrounded by these strange looking monolithic, man-shaped animals. They were hairy, and incredibly muscled, had blonde beards and sloping brows. Their arms so long that they nearly scraped their knuckles on the ground when they walked. They wore tight pants with worrisome bulges in the front. Becky must have been caught staring for too long.

"My friends want nothing with you I'm afraid," The blonde spoke as Dave was picked up unconscious and drug away into the darkness by the beasts. Becky went to scream, but had found herself mysteriously voiceless.

"My name, my dear child - is Goody Parker,"

The tiny blonde woman deftly raised her hand, and suddenly Becky found herself scooped from the back of the car, and bodily levitated towards the deck of the ship

"And I have returned... home."

* * * * * *

"There is a problem with men my dear, that they simply do not understand. Their refusal to think beyond the scope of their own bodily needs has become harmful to the earth, and needs to be dealt with. Sadly, it is their failure that we not only pay for with our lives, but also with our bodies."

Becky felt herself pushed against the mast by an unseen force, held in place as she struggled and gasped for breath. The tiny blonde woman seemed to float in front of her, glowing in the dim moon light.

"I had thought that I had remedied that with a love of my own long ago. But my husband, my keeper at the time had discovered this love and attempted to smash it out of jealousy and impotent rage. When I ended his life, I was tried for witchcraft, and ultimately cast out to sea to be thrown into the ocean."

Goody Parker neared Becky's prone body. Her breasts heaved as she hyperventilated. Goody Parker's presence began to soothe her anxiety the closer she got. The air around her felt icy and raw.

"I took this ship as my own, but found myself lost to the ice. When the earth warmed, and I was freed, I found myself in the hands of my nordic friends. They too had been frozen in time, and released to the thaw. I helped them understand the sadness of their raping and pillaging, and taught them about true power and spells."

Dave could be heard screaming from underneath the dock. Becky tried to see what was going on near the shore, but a thick fog had rolled in, scaling the embankment and surrounding the boat. Goody Parker lifted her hands to Becky's shoulders, and shushed the girl until she felt a warming calm overtake her. Hands gripped her shoulders and Becky suddenly found a new wind within her loins.

"You, my dear sweet girl have been without magic your entire life, you have lived your own sadness,"

In seconds, Becky's shirt melted away, her bra only momentarily visible before it too disintegrated in the air. Her breasts fell out into the cold, her nipples puckering into tight pink nubs. Becky felt her head fall backwards as a moan snaked up through her throat, and past her red lips. The blonde woman, the witch, brought her face between her bosoms and inhaled her bodily scent. A creepy devilish smile crossed her lips, as Becky's skirt, tights and panties dripped from her body, exposing her full naked form to the Goodwife Parker. With a brief nod of her head, Becky was lifted off the ground, her legs instinctively sagging and opening as she looked down upon the head of the witch, who was now eye level to her untouched vagina.

"You are magnificent my dear,"

One quick swipe of a tongue, and Becky's vision blurred. Colours popped before her, and her body seemed to explode. When she was able to refocus her eyes - she found herself no longer on the deck of the ship, naked for the world to see. She was laid back in a pile of pillows and red silk sheets spread-eagle and relaxed. She looked down upon her red bush, and saw it slick with moisture. Before she could panic, the witch glided into the cabin, and she watched as her gown and petticoat melted away, revealing a tiny, beautifully pale body. Despite her petite frame, the Goody Parker's breasts were full. Her delicate hips framed a swath of soft blonde hair between her small legs. 

Becky felt instinctively as though she should move to cover herself, to protect her maidenhood - but was overcome by the desire to submit. The witch crawled between her legs and began to work her tongue over her puffy labia, sending shivers up and down her spine. As a cold tongue stabbed away inside of her, Becky began to writhe tightly in the silk sheets. She could feel her loins loosen as the wetness between her legs grew. She felt the penetration of the witches tongue, at the same time her sensitive nub was being worked. Becky's panting intensified as the Goody Parker sat up on the bed.

The tiny blonde witch began to masturbate, swaying to and fro whilst on her knees. Becky withdrew from her passionate haze to watch as the Goody Parker seemed to coax something from inside of herself. She bucked forward and groaned, almost pained at her efforts. Eyes widened as the witch rubbed her clitoris into an engorged state, before it grew and lengthened into a hard tumescent shaft. Becky was aghast at the transformation, but her fear had no time to grow, as the Goody Parker thrust her member inside of her. Again, her vision exploded, as Becky tore at the sheets with her hands. Every thrust took her to new heights of ecstasy, as she arched her back and began a guttural wail. Thrust after thrust, her body was hammered until she could no longer breath. Her voice suddenly disappeared and she felt as though she was falling through light. In seconds, her eyes refocussed on the dim light in the cabin, as she gently felt herself landing back down into the silky sheets. 

Goody Parker stood at the foot of the bed, fully dressed. Hair perfectly in place.

"The problem with men, is that they saw virgin sacrifice as a blood lust, they never understood that the sacrifice of virginity, was actually the beginning of new life." The witch walked to the bedside, taking Becky's chin in her hand.

"For all my magic, I am only the one to prepare you. I am a woman of great power, but I cannot bring you a new life. For that, I can only pull forth a man of great lineage, of wide heart and mind. Though perhaps flawed in character, he will be a man of hubris and nobility, a father to the next sons and daughters of Salem."

The doors to the cabin opened, and Goody Parker's monsters stepped out of the night dragging a limp body. Becky squinted as the face of a boy she knew came into view.

"Adam?! Is that Adam Sheppard?!"

Goody Parker rose her hand, silencing the question as she moved to the prone body of her latest guest. She gently lifted his chin as his eyes opened. Becky knew for sure who it was, it was a classmate of hers from school. He was quiet and shy, a decent looking kid who kept to himself, but always the nicest guy whenever they spoke. Goody Parker moved her lips to his ear, and Becky could barely hear what was being said.

"You my son, your name is Adam of the Shepherds." Adam gazed upon Becky's naked body lain amongst the silky sheets and bedding. "Your ancestor, on the day of my expulsion, was the only soul in the crowd who took pity upon me, and didn't cast judgement," Adam felt as though he was in a dream of sorts, the sights and sounds and ideas were too unbelievable otherwise. "Though your kin allowed himself to be shamed from action, I believe you to be a worthy father to the children of the colony. From these events a new coven shall be reborn." She kissed him on the mouth, and Adam felt himself freed from the monsters. He was awash with a new light, a winsome confidence, and slowly began to step forward to where Becky was spread out naked before him. His clothes melted away, until he stood naked and erect.

Becky lasciviously gazed upon Adam's form. Lithe and finely muscled with dark hair and freckles, his foreskin had retracted, a string of pre-cum hanging from the head of his penis. He was engorged and ready, his hairy balls hung full and pendulous below. He crept onto the bed, crawling towards Becky who embraced him with vigour. Their lips crashed together as the head of his cock sunk slowly into her wet folds. She felt his girth push deep inside, breaking her barrier, the muscles of her vagina contracting around his penis. He leaned back and moved his knees apart, deftly mounting her, and throwing her legs up over his shoulders. His slow rhythm built into a hard pounding, and Becky's breasts danced to the slapping of their flesh. Their eyes locked, sharing a look of confusion, pleasure and acceptance all at once. He fucked her for what seemed like forever, her orgasms coming in waves, one after the other until her entire body vibrated, and her shrieking turned into a steady hum. When Adam came, he closed his eyes, and nearly felt himself leave his own body. There was nary an articulate thought in his head as he felt himself spurt jet after jet into Becky's warm, tight pussy. She almost seemed to be milking him, until he could barely remain kneeling. He fell back into the bed, with his cock slithering out of Becky with a quiet pop. The two remain there, on their backs in the silk, chests heaving as they tried to catch their collective breaths. 

Goody Parker returned bedside, and placed one hand on each of their chests, before muttering a soft incantation. Then suddenly, light shot from her hands, into the young couple nakedly strewn about the bed. Their backs arched with the jolt as they felt another orgasmic shockwave between them and rose a foot in the air. Then, just as quick, the light was gone - their bodies drifting back to the bed as Goody's voice was heard one last time.

"This is the beginning, of the new sons and daughters of Salem... My home"

Instinctively, Adam and Becky curled up into one another and fell into a deep, deep slumber. While relative strangers before this night, they knew they would be inextricably linked for centuries to come.