 Call me a spoil sport, but after I'd turned twelve I never cared much for Halloween. I'd had my share of dressing up in those ridiculous costumes and performing trick or treat stunts, so when Kyle asked if I'd like to come to his Halloween bash, I automatically said no. That's not to say that I didn't feel honored at having been invited. Kyle and his best pal Chad were pretty cool guys and two of the most popular seniors in school. To be honest the invitation had surprised me, being the new kid to the neighborhood, but I figured he was just being nice, wanting me to feel like one of the guys. The thing was, besides not caring much for Halloween, I didn't like parties either. I guess I'm just not your average kind of party guy.

I'd just fixed a bowl of popcorn and was about to settle down to watch the latest 'Zombie Flesh Eater' offering on TV when a raucous knocking sounded on the door.

"Fuck, Roger, you turned down coming to Kyle's party to watch this crap?" Chad sneered as he fell onto the couch. I was glad my parents were out for the evening, my mother would have freaked if she'd seen the casual way he lay back and crossed his boots, missing the cream colored fabric of the arm by a fraction.

"Yeah, c'mon man, we got a surprise for you. Let's get going," Kyle said gesturing towards the door.

"Me? A surprise for me?" I said disbelievingly. I'd caught the whiff of beer on their breath and for a moment I wondered if they were planning to screw me. Not literally of course. There was nothing funny about Kyle and Chad, believe me. They were both well built guys and of course they had girlfriends.

Chad's girl wasn't much. Well, at least I didn't think so, although a lot of guys did. It was probably the way she wore her clothes. They always looked a size to small for her big tits and ass that spilled out of them but from what I'd seen, she enjoyed the attention she got wearing them. Maybe Chad liked that she was a cheap slut, I don't know, but Alicia was no turn on for me. 

Now Kyle's girl, she was definitely something else. Everything about Natalie was perfect, from her shiny golden hair to her perfectly rounded breasts and long legs. There was one thing I didn't like about her though; she knew she was perfect and treated everyone else like they were shit. But bitch or not, my dick got hard whenever she was within a few feet of me. It had started when she'd caught me staring down her blouse in the English class as she bent to pick up a pencil off the floor. 

"What are you looking at asshole?" she'd hissed angrily.

The view down her blouse was fucking awesome and I'd answered truthfully.

"Gorgeous tits." I don't think she appreciated the compliment and it's a good thing that looks can't kill. But boyfriends can, and now Kyle suddenly had a surprise for me. 

Nobody had mentioned the tit staring incident. Not yet. Maybe she hadn't told him and I was just being paranoid.

"Yeah, so what's the surprise?" I asked tentatively.

"A babe, that thinks you're hot. She wants to meet with you tonight. Know what I mean?" Kyle said.

"Me? Tonight? Shit, you got the right guy?"

"Of course we've got the right guy, Roger. What do you think we are? Morons?" Chad replied sounding steamed.

"Yeah, but I mean, who is she? Why me?"

"You're the one she wants, what do you care why?" Kyle asked. "I mean, how many babes want you?"

He had a good point there. My conquests to date were exactly nil. "Well... who is she? I... I'd sort of like to know who she is before I decide."

"Before you decide?" Kyle snorted.

"She asked us not to tell you, to keep it as a surprise." Chad explained.

"Yeah, but what if she's some kind of uh... you know..."

"A geek or a dog?" Kyle said.

"Well, yeah..."

Kyle and Chad looked at each other and shook their heads. "Jesus man, she's a hot piece of ass, I can promise you that. I wouldn't mind giving her one myself, but it's you she wants." Chad said regretfully. "This might be the best offer you ever get Roger. Take my word for it; you don't want to blow this chance."

My heart was pounding now. I didn't know if they were jerking me around, or being honest. They sure looked serious about it. I tried again. "C'mon guys tell me, do I know her?"

"She knows you," Kyle said forcefully. "And more importantly, she wants to know you a lot better."

"Look," Chad said impatiently,"I'm getting bored with this already. If you don't want to fuck her, that's fine, we'll just go back and tell her to find some other dude for the night." He made his way out of the door and Kyle followed, throwing me a look that said I was crazy to be passing this chance up.

"Wait, okay I'm coming," I said grabbing the keys and locking the door. What could I lose? Maybe some babe in a drunken haze really wanted to get it on with me. At the very least, I'd get to see Natalie's stunning body again. I wondered what kind of costume she'd chosen for the party. Probably something sexy like a French Maid's outfit, or sleek and wild like Catwoman. She definitely wasn't the vampire type of chick.

"I still wasn't sure I was doing the right thing as we got into Kyle's new four wheel drive Jeep and sped off. But when he turned in the direction of the old dirt road that lead out to the woods instead of heading towards his house where the party was, I got really nervous.

"Hey, what's happening? I thought we were going to your place"

"Nah, she's left the party and is meeting you at the little lake on the other side of the woods. She's sort of a nature girl, loves it out in the wild," Chad said. "Besides there's all the privacy in the world there, it's a great place for fooling around."

"I... I don't know about this," I spluttered.

"What's not to know about getting laid?" Kyle said. "Chill out dude."

The crummy dirt road seemed to go on forever and the Jeep shook and rattled. Branches and stuff squeaked against the sides. And talk about dark. Shit, there's nothing like the woods when it comes to darkness. Maybe that's because the trees block out the moonlight. It was like driving through a tunnel and only being able to see a couple of feet ahead where the headlights lit up the path. The deeper in we went, the worse I felt.

"Are you sure we aren't lost?"

"I don't get lost," Kyle sneered.

"What a pussy," Chad said lighting up a cigarette. The orange tip glowed in the darkness and he blew smoke rings as he puffed away.

What a shithead, I thought. But I didn't say it. I didn't say anything. I mean we were out in this godforsaken place and nobody knew I was with these guys. If I made them mad, things might get really drastic. The thing that worried me the most, was that it might be a set-up. But why? Because I looked at some girl's tits and her boyfriend was jealous? Chad's girl had her body openly on display in those tight clothes all the time, and he didn't seem to mind. I tried to switch to positive thinking. The thing is, you can't make new friends at all if you don't take a couple of chances. Maybe these guys wanted to see if I could fit in with them, be part of their crowd. I could just picture it; Kyle and Natalie, Chad and Alicia and me and Mystery Girl all going places together. Hell, maybe there might even be a bit of wild sex stuff, like swapping partners or orgies. No telling what might happen if they accepted me.

I glanced out at the darkness, trying to pump up my nerve. Despite the potential positives, I still had serious doubts. What if they planned to leave me stranded out here or beat me up or even worse...? I wanted to talk again, get the tone of their answers, to see if they did intend to demolish me, but I thought better of it. I didn't want to be called a pussy again for asking questions, so I kept my mouth shut until we came to the end of the road and Kyle pulled into a clearing big enough for a couple of cars to park.

"Here we are," he said, shutting off the engine.

Ours was the only car. We were the only people there. "I guess she isn't here yet," I said nervously.

"You never know," Kyle said casually.

"But there aren't any other cars here."

"Yeah, so maybe she's parked around the other side." Chad said. "Let's go."

They got out of the Jeep and so did I. Outside in the open and away from the trees the sky was clear and the full moon shone brightly. The shadows were black, but everything else was eerily lit up. My legs were shaking as I glanced around at the picnic area. There were a couple of tables and a brick fireplace for barbeques. At the far end leading down towards the lake I saw a couple of trash cans, but I didn't see anything else. Certainly not a girl who was hot for me. Chad said this place had all the privacy in the world and he wasn't kidding. Except for the moon and stars and the silvery path the moonlight made across the black lake there was no other light for miles. It was a great place to be alone with a hot babe, but I was here with two strong guys who might, or might not be planning to work me over. I swallowed hard.

"I don't think she is here." My voice sounded like a squeak.

"Don't be so sure," Kyle said. 

"Yeah, but maybe she changed her mind about coming. I mean..."

"Oh for fuck's sake," Chad said, "will you knock off the whining?" 

"Yeah," Kyle said, "Relax and enjoy yourself. Its way cool that we've got the whole place to ourselves." He stripped off his shoes and socks and walked to the water's edge. Chad did the same. "This is great," he said stretching and flexing his muscles. "Man, I wish the babes were here."

"Maybe we should come back on Saturday and bring them with," Chad said excitedly. "You can come too, Roger. Bring your new honey and we'll have ourselves a little party around a campfire. A couple of thick steaks, some beers and a whole lot of big blankets." He winked lecherously at me.

"Really?" I said feeling a whole lot better.

"Sure."

Wow, that was exactly what I wanted to hear. My worries had been stupid. These were two great guys, the best pals I could ever hope to have.

"Maybe we should just put everything off until then," I said feeling a lot more confident. "My uh, date, well you know, this girl, she isn't here anyway, so maybe we should just leave and we can all come back on Saturday. I don't mind waiting till then to meet her."

"Well that's okay with us," Kyle said, "but it might not be cool with her. She wants you tonight, on Halloween."

"Lucky bastard," Chad said as he punched my arm.

"Yeah, but she's not here," I replied rubbing the tender spot where the slug had landed.

Kyle nodded. "Yes, you're right, she's not here. She's there." He pointed out towards the lake.

"What?" I asked.

" She's out there on the island."

"On the island? What is she doing there?"

"Waiting for you, lover boy." Chad punched my arm again.

"Cut it out," I snapped. That punch hurt.

"Sorry man, I'm just pumped," Chad replied. "She's over there, that's where she wants to meet you."

I was having a hard time believing this. I'm no expert on judging distances but the island looked a couple of hundred yards out. 

"How did she get to the island?" I asked suspiciously. "And why does she want to meet me there?" 

"She swam," Kyle said. "We told you, she's sort of a nature girl."

"And I'm supposed to swim there?" This was fucking unbelievable.

'You do know how to swim don't you?" 

"Yeah, sort of. I mean, I'm not exactly the world's greatest swimmer and that water's probably freezing."

"Shit!" Chad said. "I knew he was a pussy."

"Fuck you, I thought. I wanted to slam him in the face, but I just stood there looking out miserably across the lake.

"Listen, we don't want him drowning on us, maybe we must just drop it," Kyle said. "We'll have to tell her he couldn't make it."

"Oh for fuck's sake. He won't drown. All that blubber on his body will keep him afloat."

Part of me wanted to pound Chad in the teeth for saying that and the other part of me wanted to cry. "I can swim to that island, if I want to," I blurted out. "But I just don't know if I want to. I'm not even sure there is a girl out there. I bet there isn't."

"What do you mean?" Kyle asked.

"It's a trick, I know it." I said. "There's no girl there, you guys want me to swim to the island while you drive off and leave me or something."

Kyle stared at me. "Jesus man, it's no wonder you don't have friends. Here we are trying to do you a favor, and this is the thanks we get, you thinking we're trying to screw you over. Fuck it, let's go."

"What?' I asked.

They ignored me and walked back to where they'd left their shoes.

"We're leaving?" I asked in surprise, and I have to admit that a small feeling of relief washed over me.

"Kyle glanced back at me. "That's what you want, isn't it? Come, we'll take you home."

"To your mommy," Chad added.

Shit, I hated that fucker, and I could only imagine what he would tell the kids back at school. Nobody would talk to me again, let alone want to be my friend. "Wait!" I called. "Let's talk this over."

"Forget it, you're a loser dude." Chad spat as he crouched down to put his shoes on.

I stood my ground and hoped to God, they'd give me another chance. "Look, I'm sorry I believe you. I do. I'll swim to the island, okay?"

They looked at each other and Kyle shook his head. "No man, you think we're liars."

"Please," I begged. "It's just that I'm confused. It's really weird. I mean, I've never had a girl interested in me, and now this is like a girl actually sending for me... I'll do it okay? I'll go."

"Yeah well, alright," Kyle muttered. He sounded very reluctant though. "But I don't want to be here all night." He looked at his watch. "You've got an hour with her and then you better get back. I'm not sitting here waiting while you fuck her till dawn."

"You won't leave without me will you?" 

"I'm giving you an hour dude and then I'll yell or honk the horn, and you two better get back here fast otherwise you're walking home."

"Okay," I said taking off my shoes and socks. I took a deep breath and braced myself for the cold water.

"Are you planning to keep your jeans on?" Chad asked.

"Yeah, sure I am why?"

"I wouldn't, they'll drag you down," Chad pointed out. "You better leave them here."

I didn't like the sound of that at all. "I don't know..." I said.

Kyle shook his head. "We aren't planning to take them Roger. Get real. It's just they are going to soak up a lot of water and they'll get damned heavy. You'll never get to the island in them. They'll sink you."

"Or she will." Chad said softly.

"What?"

"Don't listen to Chad, he's full of crap."

"No," Chad said conspiratorially, the whore who comes back on Halloween; she'll get you if you don't swim fast enough. You gotta lose those jeans."

"Shit, Chad cut it out," Kyle said scowling. "Did you have to go and mention that crap?"

"Hey man, he wants to keep his jeans on, and you know he'll have no chance of out swimming her. She'll nail him for sure."

"There's no such thing as the Halloween Whore dude. Now stop being a dickhead and trying to scare him."

"What are you two talking about?" I blurted. " What's this about a whore who is gonna get me or something?" I looked around wildly. Things were really getting weird now.

Kyle faced me shaking his head. "The Halloween Whore, it's some bullshit legend they drag up for Halloween stories, its total crap man."

"Yeah, well she got Willie Stevens last Halloween," Chad retorted.

"All that Willie got, was a cramp."

"That's what you think."

"That's what I know," Kyle said emphatically. "They had a party out here last year; he just gorged himself on pizza before he went in and he got cramps while he was swimming. That's what killed him, not some stupid ghost."

"The Whore's not a ghost. That shows you how much you know dude. Ghosts can't grab you and drag you under..."

"Neither can someone who has been dead for thirty years," Kyle argued hotly.

"Yeah she can, and she does."

"Bullshit!"

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I snapped.

They both looked at me. "Chad is full of shit with all this ghost crap, but here's the deal," Kyle said. "Part of it is true and part of it is bull."

Chad made a funny noise and glared at Kyle.

"Yeah?" I said warily. "Give me the true story."

"The true part is that a girl drowned out in the lake about thirty years ago. It was Halloween and there was a dance at the town hall. Afterwards, her date drove her out here. The whole idea was to fool around, you know? But she decided she wanted to take a walk along the lake, maybe take a swim first."

"Yeah, it is pretty private and no one was around," Chad butted in. "That's what she thought. Anyway they stripped down but apparently she stayed in her bra and panties. It wasn't that she was shy or anything, they reckon she was a bit of a tease, and she encouraged the dude to take off all his clothes."

"Yeah," I said, "and then..."

"Well, they swam, fooled around a bit, you know how things go." Kyle said conversationally. "The guy was probably excited as hell, out here with a gorgeous girl and a hard-on that could drill a hole into a wall. She knew how to get a guy going but when he tried to pull down her panties and give her one, she started screaming and kicking him. She managed to get loose and ran to the shore, but what she didn't know, was there was a bunch of other guys hanging around. They'd been hiding out waiting for them." 

"They were his buddies," Chad explained, "a bunch of losers who had actually paid the guy five bucks each to get in on the action. I guess even in those days guys didn't like cock teasers much," he said pensively. "Anyway, they hadn't gone to the Halloween dance, instead they drove out earlier and waited, drinking beer. By the time the guy showed up with the girl they were pissed out of their minds, and horny as hell..."

"She never had a chance, "Kyle said. They caught her while she was trying to get away and held her down while her date fucked her. That was part of the deal. He'd get to go first."

"Didn't want sloppy seconds," Chad said. "After that they all took turns. Two or three turns each. They kept calling her a whore, a cock- teasing whore, chanting it while they fucked her. She had to suck them off too and some of the guys even nailed her in the ass."

"That's ... awful," I muttered, wondering how they knew the intimate details so well. What had happened to the poor girl was horrible and cruel, and the fact that the story had gotten my cock as hard as a rock made me feel damn guilty. I hoped the guys didn't spot the way it was jutting against the front of my jeans. "Yeah, and what happened then?" I said trying to sound nonchalant. 

"She was messed up pretty badly when they were done with her. Not that they beat her or anything," Kyle said. "I mean, with guys holding her down and all, they didn't have to punch her out or anything. But you know, down there it must have been messy. Anyway they figured she'd get washed up and they'd drop her back in town as if nothing had happened. They knew she wouldn't say anything. Back in those days, you looked like the town slut if you got yourself gangbanged and she already had a bit of a reputation for being a tease.

"Yeah, she would have been ruined if she split on them," Chad agreed.

"So she went into the lake to get herself cleaned up, but instead of coming back to the shore, she waded in deeper and deeper until she was swimming towards the island. It seems that the guys were worried she might try and kill herself or escape to the island and tell someone there what had happened. So they followed her."

"All but one, he couldn't swim," Chad said.

"The thing is, the girl didn't make it to the island. She was almost there, according to the guy who watched it from the shore, when suddenly she went under. He said her one hand stayed out of the water as if she were waving goodbye for a minute or so, and then it dropped. She didn't surface again and then one by one, the guys following her went under too. They splashed around a bit, yelled and then vanished beneath the water. Apparently the last to go under was the guy who took her on the date. He was yelling 'No! No! Let go of me! Please! I'm sorry! Please!' then he disappeared."
