 Please read the previous chapters. I will write a chapter as often as possible. Please be patient. If you enjoyed this tale please take a moment and rate it. This chapter is an edited DRAFT and part of an evolving book. With each chapter you are coming along on my ride as I develop my story. Final edits will happen when the book is complete. I am writer and editor. The stories are checked multiple times but a "second set of eyes" isn't always available. Feedback pointing out these errors is stating the obvious.

*****

A Ghost Story, Erotic Dreams in the Haunted House

So began Miss Lillian Taylor's new life. The first few days she hid in her room, refusing to speak with anyone except for her 'family' and staff members. She needed to get a 'feel' for her time period and try to acclimate to this century's customs and cultures. Her family was loving and supportive albeit at odds how to deal with her amnesia. Lilly tried to convince herself she was in a weird dream and at any moment she would wake up, like 'Alice in Wonderland' but with a creepy twist.

Lillie bonded almost immediately with her brother David. He was handsome, charming and very affectionate toward her. He had thick blonde locks like her and the same shaped eyes and color. 

He greeted her every morning with a hug and kiss on the cheek. David encouraged her relentlessly to leave the bedroom. He was so insistent Lilly finally gave in and was glad to stroll around the beautiful, well-manicured estate. Lilly had to constantly reminded herself they were brother and sister. He was so handsome she feared she might be dwelling on that a bit too much.

Mary was a nervous wreck and wouldn't stop fussing over her younger sister. Lilly sometimes resorted to hiding in the closet when she heard her footfalls approach just to avoid her. She was an only child in her century and a bit of a loner so all this smothering attention was seriously getting on her nerves. Mary was a pretty woman but worry lines were starting to mare her face. 

Lilly's older sister was supposed to wed once her younger sibling was safely ensconced in her own marriage. She was ready to get hitched to her fiancé Erik Somers just so Mary would leave her alone. Besides she had no idea how permanent her stay was. She could be gone tomorrow and the 'real' Lilly would be married, hopefully happily to her sweetheart, Erik. Sounded reasonable except she'd be responsible to fulfill her conjugal duties with a stranger while she was his wife, stuck in this century. 

Mary, David and Lilly all inherited their father's eye and hair color. She wondered about her mother. No one spoke of her. Lilly found this odd. Whenever she asked her siblings about her they became surly and told her she wasn't apart of their lives anymore and quickly changed the subject. Their refusal to speak about her made Lilly intently curious. The younger sister had a lot of time on her hands and decided she would delve deeper into the life of this seemingly scandalous and mysterious woman.

Lilly was very thankful the later part of this century had indoor plumbing. The mansion had hot running water. Lilly loved her bath time and reveled the therapeutic benefits. The enormous cast iron tub would greedily hold the heat while she idled in steaming warmth. She had time to herself and Mary wasn't barging in every few minutes to check in her well-being. 

The clothing was elegant but stiff and uncomfortable. Lilly disliked the itchy high collar dresses and wore the simple 'v' style necks instead. She was compelled to wear a corset after the simple minded Mille gasped in horror the first time she refused to wear one. Whenever she was alone Lilly couldn't wait to tear the ridiculous garment off and fling it across the room. She would be overjoyed if the 'straitjacket for her tits, waist and ass' was 'mistakenly' burned to a crisp in her fireplace.

Lilly was always fearful Edward would appear. Whenever she heard visitors arrive at the front door she would creep across the second floor foyer and peek through the balusters like curious child. Luckily though he wasn't one of Lilly's many well-wishing guests.

Once, Lilly heard the Servants whispering that he was under no condition allowed in or on the property. Her family never mentioned his name or talked about what happened when she saw him in her bedroom. Lilly assumed they didn't want her to relapse or spout the crazy ranting about his death and hanging again. 

Despite her intense fear of him after her encounter with his ghost, she was very curious what his life was like. Of course Edward was handsome, wealthy and utterly charming. During his lifetime he seduced and charmed his way into many women's bedroom. He had a mistress too. He certainly wasn't lacking for female affection. Edward was a consummate womanizer and Lilly was sure every maiden's father's worst nightmare. 

Lilly could still picture vividly his horrific bloated face and bloody neck. His ghastly face was so burned into her memory. When she encountered Edward in her bedroom a few days ago she couldn't quite grasp he was real and very much alive. Also, the needle crazy doctor knocked her out senseless with those sedatives that further distorted reality. Now she had time to dwell on Edward, here and now. Lilly realized maybe the reason she was sent back was to change his destiny. 

There was an outpourings of support from well- wishers with flowers and cards, encouraging her to get well. Everyone was eager to have her back in society. Lilly was grateful and touched by the gestures but sad didn't know a single person except for Edward. 

Earlier that week Mary brought in a huge bouquet of intoxicatingly fragrant day lilies. Her room was filling up quickly with all the pretty blooms. Clearly, Lilly was well loved and had many friends and admirers. This arrangement however was the largest she'd received so far. Mary set the enormous bouquet on the windowsill. The arrangement dwarfed all the other flowers. Mary read the card and harrumphed snidely then slipped the tiny note into a side pocket of her dress. 

"What does it say? Lilly was peeved her sister was inferring once again.

"Oh, it's signed 'an admirer' a mystery man. Romantic, isn't it?" Mary was terrible liar. 

"Mary, I appreciate you trying to protect me but please stop coddling me. Sooner or later we all need to come to terms with my memory loss and Edward Kahn. The flowers are from him, aren't they?"

Mary's jaw dropped open then clamped shut tightly. Just a few days ago her sister was petrified of Edward. Now she seemed pragmatic about him. 

"Please let me read the note." Lilly extended her hand to her sister.

Mary begrudgingly took the paper from her pocket and handed it to her sister.

"Imagine being so forward with you! Spoken for and all! I'll make sure father and David read this note and deal with this rakes' impertinence!" Mary scowled. 

Lilly blew out a big sigh and rolled her eyes. She wanted to tell her to back off already. In this century a woman was expected to be polite and well manned. She was the highbred daughter of a good family and wealthy businessman. Gag, so disgustingly chauvinistic! Once Lilly read the card however she understood why Mary, a shining example of a well-bred woman, took such offense.

The beauty of a Lilly

Name so fair and sweet 

That man admirers from afar

And wonders what lucky man tastes the treat

Fond well wishes for a speedy recovery, Edward Kahn, a man who wonders, wishes and longs to know more.

"Impertinent cad, vulgar and rude! Now he fancies himself a poet, a bad one at that! How dare he be so forward! When David reads this he'll surely wallop him!" Mary exclaimed.

Lilly was stuck in a century mired in strict rules and etiquette. She could however handle him in her own unique 21st century way. She was a liberated and strong woman. Edward would get a subtle dose of her modern voice. Edward was not a haunted ghost but flesh and blood. She would make a strong and determined stand to cut off his intentions quickly and clearly. Thereby, hopefully changing the course of his future.

"Mary, I do believe I can handle Edward without having to trouble father or David. I can nip this in the bud." 

"Oh, Lilly, that is taking a risk! Edward is a very determined man. He has set his advances on you my dear sister. It's best if the men handle this." Mary wrung her hand frantically.

"Ridiculous! After reading my note Edward may not fall from his high horse but his steed will stumble a bit and jar him."

Lilly settled into the wooden chair at the ornate French style desk. The styleographic fountain pen scribbled out her short diatribe quickly. Once the ink dried in the summer breeze fluttering through her window, Lilly offered the note to Mary for perusal. 

"Well, this is certainly clever and well worded dear sister. Edward Kahn however is relentless with a woman once he has his sights set on her. This could very well encourage more than discourage him. Considering your confused mental state sister I would strongly urge you to let father handle this matter."

"I know what I'm doing Sister." Lilly folded the letter, encased the paper in a fine linen envelope then sealed it. 

****

Edward Kahn was out of sorts that day. Hell he'd been out of sorts all week after his encounter with the beautiful Miss Taylor. Out of deep respect for his friend and the Taylor family he would stay away from the pretty, spooky Lillian. Every night he would stroll past her home. They resided on the same secluded street. The Taylor's home was a palatial estate. Only a few opulent homes dotted the shores on the Rhode Island coastline. He knew where her was bedroom was situated in the sprawling mansion. Lillie's bedroom window was illuminated late into the night. He would stop and stare. Hidden in the shadows of the murky gas lit streetlamps hoping he'd catch a glimpse of her. 

The townspeople gossiped incessantly about the beautiful wealthy socialite Miss Taylor. They all claimed she lost her mind. All the tongues were wagging. Small minds had little else to speak of in the seaside village. 

Her beau Erik Somers was crushed. He too was asked not to visit yet. This news soothed Edward a bit. He wasn't the only smitten male shut out of the pretty invalids life. 

Edward was acquainted with Summers. They traveled in similar social circles. Erik must've scooped Lilly up as soon as soon she returned home from college. Smart man. He was a tall, blue-eyed and very handsome man of Nordic descent or something like that. He was a startling contrast to Edward's swarthy, dusky skin and obsidian eyes. Very soon, Lilly would prefer dark skin and eyes to pale, insipid tones.

David Taylor sent his friend a note a few days prior. He explained Lillie's physical recovery was going well but her mental condition was the same. David thanked Edward for being a good chap and honoring the family's wishes for him to stay away. Edward however, was exceedingly impatient. 

Edward was working in his study the morning he received Lilly's correspondence. Damn workers at the mill were threatening strike again. He was in the process of selling the place. Thread manufacturing was cheaper in the South and he needed to unload the business before he lost money. Striking workers now cut into his bottom line even more severely. He was rubbing his forehead when a knock on the door made him jump.

"Enter." He boomed as he pushed aside papers piling up and littering his expansive mahogany desk.

Edward welcomed the interruption. These troubles were giving gave him a headache. Harrison his stoic, silver haired butler approached. 

"Sir, a letter for you." He said in a crisp, elegant British accent. 

Harrison held out a silver tray in front of his master. The correspondence was from the Taylor house. Edward seized the white envelope. 

"Harrison?"

"Sir?" 

Could you fetch me an aspirin. I've a wretched headache." 

"Of course Mr. Kahn, I'll return in short order. 

"Thank you Harrison."

Edward's head continued to pound. The headaches were getting worse. He was taking Laudanum to ease the pain. No other analgesia soothed his pounding temples. 

He abruptly tore into the sealed note. With great haste he unfolded the paper, scanning quickly the short note.

Dear Mr. Kahn,

I do appreciate the flowers and your thoughtfulness. However the note was quite far-reaching and simply stated, ungentlemanly. I may have lost my memory but not my mind. That said I know poetaster verse when I read it. In future correspondence please ensure your writing skills improve as well as the way you present yourself to a lady.

Good day, Lillian E. Taylor

He reclined in his great leather chair and blew out a deep breath. Highborn females of marrying age would never be so sharp with a suitable bachelor. Only the emerging well-bred suffragettes would offer such a pointed opinion. So Lilly was a strong-minded, opinionated female. Nothing like her simpering sister or the docile, indoctrinated ladies of society. Lilly was unlike all society woman. This aroused him, made his passion more intense. Her dismissive retort only intensified his resolve. 

****

When David Taylor Senior found out his daughter suffered a fall and lost her memory he was devastated. Lilly was her father's favorite child. She was as smart as a whip, beautiful and utterly charming. He was endeared to her the moment his newborn daughter was placed in his arms. He cared deeply for each of his adult children. Lilly however, was as impulsive, strong willed and free-spirited as Mary was dour, predictable and anxious. No two sisters could be more different. David couldn't help but be smitten and captivated with his youngest daughter's ambition and zest for life.

When Mary was Lilly's age she was fixated on marriage. Lilly wanted not part of matrimony at her age and begged her father to allow her to enter the Women's College of Brown University. She had a strong business mind and excellent grades. She graduated Summa Cum Laude from Brown that spring. 

David believed no man worthy of his beautiful daughter. Lilly would never settle for the life of a high society wife. Her husband must be as unique as Lilly and even more understanding of her unorthodox mindset. Mr. Taylor was certain Erik Somers wasn't the unique and bold man Lilly needed in a husband. David knew Lilly was impulsive and drawn in by Somers striking handsome face and charm. But her fiancée lacked finesse and the bold spirit that would enable Lilly to soar while still being able to keep her grounded. Somers was a serious and stoic man. He was far too sullen to keep his lighthearted Lilly happy. He prayed for a long engagement and hoped the novelty of his dashing looks would wear thin as she got to know him better. 

Lilly had her mothers fire and passion. David Senior would make sure, unlike his wife who wasted her youth on frivolity and all consuming vanity, Lilly would channel her passion, intelligence and beauty into something worthwhile. 

Mrs. Taylor abandoned the family years ago without so much as a note. She tore his heart out. Smashed it to fragments that could never be mended by the numerous women whom he courted. He missed her was a deep aching sadness that cut so deeply it scarred his soul.

On this muggy June morning The Senior David Taylor' heart was heavy as he pondered Lillie's uncertain future. As he gazed outside the window of his opulent and well furnished office he saw his daughter Lilly, society belle of Newport and Rhode Island dressed in a ragged shirt and baggy trousers. With an axe in hand she pounded over toward the old chopping block. She might have been mistaken for a man except for the long blonde ponytail hanging down her back. 

David chuckled and wondered if perhaps his headstrong daughter was retuning to her old self. She began to chop the wood with a determined ferocity so typical of his spunky offspring. A few moments later Mary appeared and stopped in front of the window with her father. She pointed out the large window and wrung her hands nervously.

"Father, she is chopping wood! Do you see her over there? Father what is she doing and when did she learn to chop wood? She easily could hurt herself!" 

"Don't worry yourself girl, Daniel is walking towards her now. There's nothing wrong with getting some fresh air and sunshine and a bit of exercise. It'll do the girl good." 

David senior clapped his hands behind his back. A smile spread across his face. His youngest daughter was swinging the axe with the power of a strapping lad. Yes, maybe his Lilly was returning.

"Father, what will people think if they watch this improper, unladylike display? What is she perspires? The sun will surely darken her fair complexion. What will Erik Somers think?" 

"He'd think of the money he'd save when he marries her. He won't need a to hire a woodcutter." David chuckled.

"Honestly father you're impossible! You indulge her way too much! I'm going to put an end to this!" Mary stomped away.

Mary could be an overbearing controlling shrew at times. She behaved more like a middle-aged mother burdened with rowdy children than a young lady. She was forced into a maternal role so young when his wife left. Pangs of guilt ate away at the older man. His oldest girl missed out on childhood in many ways. He employed servants and nannies to help with the children but Mary felt duty-bound to care for her young sister. Lilly clung to her for nearly a year after his wife abandoned the family. She cried incessantly for her mamma. Only Mary could sooth the grief stricken child. Now, however, Mary needed her own family to fret over. 

****

"Miss Lilly? You need a hand with that chopping?" Daniel the Taylor's groom asked.

"I'm doing just fine. I hope no one asked you to come over here. I know how to swing an axe." 

Perspiration beaded across her forehead. Her lungs felt alive as she inhaled the fresh air. Lilly chopped with a relish. Her father trained her how to be self-reliant and one of the things he taught her was how to split and chop wood. One more day in that house with Mary fussing over her and she'd go stark raving mad. 

"I can see you know exactly what you're doing and it's quite impressive, but um Miss Mary's coming over here and it seems she's on the warpath. 

"Oh shit." Lilly mumbled. She dropped the axe and crouched down trying to hide behind the worn block of wood. 

The groom bent over Lilly picked up the axe. He was accustomed to Lillie's colorful language. Lilly, a breed apart from any woman he knew. She was still a firebrand even if her memories were gone. 

Do you think she sees me?" She mumbled to the statuesque, muscular man dressed in grimy riding breeches.

"Yup, I think she sees you. He stood aside.

Mary clearly saw Lilly squatting behind the log. Her blonde ponytail poked out from the top of the thick log sliced up from repeated pounding by the heavy axe. Her irate sister folded her arms and cleared her throat. Lilly nudged her head up and tried to act nonchalant. 

"Lillian! Why on earth are you wearing that filthy, shabby clothing!" She cried out in shock.

Lilly looked down at her clothing. Shirt picked at the shirt. Sure it was a little loose but covered up her lady bits. The trousers were too big sure but she did cinch the belt nice and tight. You would've thought Lilly was prancing around naked.

"What's the big deal Mary?" I'm covered up in the right places." 

Lilly shook her head not comprehending the big deal. Daniel did everything he could to stifle a laugh. Lilly was utterly adorable and the least pretentious lady he knew. She was a breath of fresh air in a society ruled and dictated by strict class separation. 

Mary only shook her head and let out a deep sigh. She needed to be patient. The doctor told her to be calm and let Lilly do what she was comfortable with but this just wouldn't do. She had to draw the line at trousers and a man's shirt!
