 The Haven Stories: The Beginning by Kawaii Anime 

Haven Carmelita Casinotos was born on the Spanish seaside in a small village of Alacant, Spain in 1668, just as the nation entered into a new time of peace. Her mother and father were delighted by her presence as she was the only child that they had been able to conceive in their many years of marriage. Her father was the mayor of the town and her birth was celebrated for many days, in a festival where he repealed taxes in celebration of his beautiful daughter's birth. It became a tradition for the town to have the taxes repealed each week of darling Haven's birthday and the town loved the child for this reason. 

It wasn't just because of that they loved though. Haven was a delightful child, always inquisitive and curious about the nature of the world and how she could learn more from the townspeople. She was kind to the beggars of the streets and often set half of her meal out on the doorstep for the underprivileged to eat. It was said she truly knew the spirit of noblesse oblige from an early age. The town loved her and treated the family very well. 

On her 16th birthday, she celebrated her graduation to womanhood and was engaged to a boy from a neighboring town's mayoral family. Haven had met him rarely in her life and did not wish to marry him. She pleaded to her father, whom she could usually bend the ear of but he refused her this wish. She cried and railed to her mother and the servants but there was nothing to be done. She was furious, so she went out to the seaside and wandered there until after dark. She didn't notice when the sun set and that she should be home because she was distracted by the plans in her mind. 

Suddenly, a rich voice spoke to her from the darkness, "Pretty girl, shouldn't you be at home?" She looked around for the voice, it startled from her thoughts. Looking around wildly, she was surprised that it was so dark. Haven's eyes found a swarthy stranger leaning against one of the rocks that had landed on the beach. He was dressed in the same style a manor born would be, his sword cocked at his waist, angling against the stone. She gasped and excused herself hastily, dashing in the direction of the village by instinct. He followed her and quickly apologized for the rudeness in which he approached her, he took her hands in his and kissed the palms in apology. Haven closed her eyes, stopping and cursed herself that she didn't have a better sense of time; it was obvious what this stranger wanted. She would be disgraced if she came home any later than she already was. 

His hands traced their way up her arms to her corset and pushed it roughly so her breasts plumped up and slightly over the restraints. He smiled brashly. Haven looked at him in horror, for surely he was a murderer or a rapist, or perhaps both. He was everything her mother and nurse had warned her about being out after dark. Her eyes flashed wildly, trying to find some escape from this man. His hands moved expertly over her breasts and up her neck, his thumb tracing the line from her shoulder, then disappeared into her blonde curls that were piled on her head and hung down neatly. He moved to her, whispered into her ear, "You are so beautiful." 

Haven was transfixed with his exploration of her body. Her mother and nurse had lied; this was pleasurable--it was uncomfortable though. There was something she wanted to do but she didn't know exactly what it was. Her breathing was awkward and hitched. His fingers were rough from swordplay but still excited her, playing against her soft skin. 

He moved closer still and bent to kiss her long neck, playfully licking the skin, tasting the light powder and rose water she used there. He slid his lips from her shoulder to her hairline and back again to the middle of her chest. Haven felt faint and braced her slippered feet for support. He smiled into her neck and said, "You like that, don't you?" Haven nodded weakly and he continued. His hands were now massaging her mid-section and holding her against him tightly. She felt his excitement against her thigh and was not ashamed or startled; it was part of what she wanted, she knew that. 

He dropped to his knees and bent his head forward to her breasts, licking the tops as he pried her nipples from the tight corset. He managed one and took the budding flower in his mouth, sucking it tenderly. Haven just sighed and didn't move except to lean against him more. He pushed his free hand under her skirts and felt his way up the line of her young legs. When he reach past her underthings easily, he found her to be as excited as he was. He massaged her lips, finding his way to her hard little clit and playfully ran a finger into her vagina but was blocked off by a single membrane. He smiled around her nipple, she was a true virgin; this was going to be a great delight for him. He released her and straightened her skirts, pulled up her corset.  

Haven was confused, she blinked at him in a questioning manner. She was on the edge of something so beautiful and he stopped. She cried plaintively and looked into his deep brown eyes. He asked, "Is this what you want to do, my pretty flower?" She could only nod, there were no words. He stood up and clasped her hand, leading quickly her to a cave at the ocean side. 

It was dark but he lead her expertly to the back of the cave where he had laid many rugs, sheets and bolts of cloth just for this very reason. He laid her against them and slowly undressed her of her constrictive clothing. It peeled away layer by layer until her perfect teenage body lay before him in its glory. He smiled down at her and Haven smiled back; he couldnt help thinking how appropriately she was named. She helped him undress also, pressing against him in a way that excited him like no other woman had before. When they were both naked, he laid them down and covered them with a giant fur that he had gotten at the local trading post. It was very warm and allowed him to explore her in the dark and keep her pleasantly warm. 

He kissed her rosebud lips and traveled down to her perfect pink breasts, licking the nipples in small circles then she pressed them to him so he could suck on them fully. She was so small that he could manage most of one in his mouth. She squirmed and cried out in pleasure, arching her body to him, pressing herself against him harder. He waited until she settled, then let his tongue roam the spans of her stomach, to her belly button, into her pubic hair which was short and neatly trimmed for the upcoming summer months. He brought his hand to her again, caressing her clitoris in a rocking motion. Above him, he could hear her cries of pleasure and feel her raising herself to his tongue generally knowing that is what she wanted. He positioned himself to take her fully in his mouth, tonguing her slit with his wet tongue, sucking her hardness creating the most pleasurable sounds he had ever had the fortune of hearing. He continued until she had come to her peak and settled down to the rug again. Then he pulled himself back up to her and asked, "Did you like that?" She nodded again, as she was out of breath. He put her hand on his hard cock and said, "There is something much more, would you like it, Haven?" She looked up at him at the mention of her name but she nodded all the same. 

He pulled himself parallel to her small body and positioned himself at her entrance, he warned her that it may hurt and she surprised him as she pushed herself on to him, crying out in surprise and slight pain. Once he was passed her barrier, he slid himself carefully, slowly into her tiny wet warmth. She had no other defenses and soon he was completely contained in her untried hole. He braced his legs and began to pump in her steadily, slowly. She moved with him, intrigued at the feeling of his cock in her deeply. Pulling out and pushing himself back into her warm chasm, he began to feel his time coming. He pulled her up close to him, on his lap and arched her back for easier penetration. She threw her feet around him and rode him happily. When he could no longer take it, he spilled his seed deep into her and fell spent with her in the sheets. 

When he recovered, he breathlessly asked, "Did you liked that?" She smiled and nodded her head, reaching for him. He confided, "That it was only something that you should do with her husband." She spoke for the first time by saying, "I don't have a husband, so you must be my husband." He smiled at her rationale and her realization of his desires. 

He had been watching her for weeks now, wanting her in this manner. Haven was always with her nurse or friends when he saw her so she was unapproachable. He knew from the town folks that she was engaged to marry and was not happy with the arrangements. So he called her out tonight, using what he could of his mental gift given to him and made her his own. There was so much more he wanted to do with her and was going to have to think fast to get it all done. He had booked passage for France for them in the next week. He had often seen her reading the French plays, Moliere was her favorite and he wanted to show her the world; she deserved that. She didn't deserve a prearranged marriage of her parent's choice for financial purposes and a dowdy life in a ocean side town. She was much too beautiful for that. 

He made love to her that night again, then just before sun was coming up, he bit her fatally on the neck, draining the most of blood of his new love. That evening, he took her clothes and laid them out on the beach and flung them out to sea. He watched from the cave as the nurses and servants found her clothes and brought them to the town square, calling out to the Mayor. When he came down to the plaza, they showed him the torn clothes that they had found in the ocean. He wept bitterly, holding her battered dress to his tear-stained face. Then he formed a party to search the countryside for his only beloved daughter. The search was unsuccessful. 

That night, Andre Antonio Carrizal breathed new life into Haven by letting her take his blood and become a vampire like him. She recovered easily, within hours, she had made her way to her father's house late that night. He was overjoyed to see her and embraced her without question; she slayed her father, mother and nurses and created a pyre on which she burned their bloodless bodies. She gathered up her belongings and valuables with Andre's help and sold the manor to the rival family for a song. 

With a considerable fortune of her own, she took that boat to France and sailed with Andre to a new life. One of lavish luxury and brutal murder...and Haven loved it.