 Please read the previous chapters if you haven't already. I will write a chapter as often as possible. Please be patient. If you enjoyed this tale kindly take a moment and rate it. This chapter is an edited DRAFT and part of an evolving book. With each chapter you are coming along on my ride as I develop my story. Final edits will happen when the book is complete. I am writer and editor. The stories are checked multiple times but a "second set of eyes" isn't always available. Feedback pointing out grammatical and other errors is stating the obvious.

*****

A Ghost Story, Erotic Dreams in the Haunted House

There was hell to pay when they returned home after dark that night from the haunted forest. Her father and brother dashed toward them as they approached the fields in the clearing near the house with torches blazing. David was red faced. He clenched his fist furiously. He seemed ready to pounce and murder his good friend. David remained calm though for the moment for his little sisters sake.

"Why are you with my sister Kahn and where in gods name did you take Lilly away to for so long! You were ordered explicitly to stay away from her! Now look at her!" David's eyeballs scanned Lilly quickly. 

"She is a literal mess! What did you do to her? You'd better talk fast you cad before I shoot you between the eyes!" David bellowed. 

"David, before things get ugly would you please get Lilly inside? She doesn't need to be subjected to our row and she clearly needs attending to." Edward said calmly. He placed his hand on the small of her back and prodded her toward the house. David flew at him in a fury. 

"You dare place a hand on my sister and act so familiar with her Khan!" 

Edward shook his head and thought. Oh David if you only knew what transpired in the forest earlier your gun would be missing one bullet by now. Edward promised to return her home but under great duress. He should have pulled her onto his stallion and led her skittish mare by the reins to his cottage. He'd pack a few things, buy them tickets for the next ship out of Providence the next morning and have the captain marry them that night. He needed to plan though and go through the excruciating courting ritual. Lilly was a tough little fighter and would resist him. He had to play her with the ultimate finesse.

Something transpired for sure, David Sr. mused as he watched the young couple cling to one another. They seemed shaken by something, but what? 

"David," the older man stepped into the fray. "Lilly should be attended to. Go inside daughter. Millie will draw a bath and fix you up." 

"But father, don't you want me to explain my side of the story-"

"Lilly, do as I say! The men will handle this, inside the house now!" Her father boomed pointing in the direction of the mansion.

Lilly huffed away her long blonde locks bouncing as she ran.

Edward bristled. His beautiful spirited Lilly was a subordinate to her father and brothers control. She must be furious. He wanted to step in to defend her but he'd need to tread very lightly with the Taylor men. He had no claim to her...yet. 

Once Lilly was out of sight all three men turned to face one another. Each stood under the murky glow of torchlight in a silent standoff. David broke the silence.

"You assaulted our groomsman. Daniel returned an hour ago frantic with a deep and nasty bruise on his face. He claims you laid him out. When he woke Lilly and you were gone." 

"My horse nearly ran into them! Kelly held Lilly in a tight embrace, his body pressed too intimately into her. When I demanded he release her, he refused."

The Taylor men flashed the other an uneasy look. Of course the groom left out those important details. They each shifted uneasily.

"I asked to speak with Lilly and check on her to ensure her safety. Kelly refused. Without warning or provocation he punched me. Fearing for Lilly, I slugged him back."

Both Taylor men kept shifting their gait. Each was eyeing the other. David Sr. harrumphed then fell silent again. Edward took this as an excellent sign to press forward.

"He took Lilly out to the old graveyard hidden in the deepest part of the forest. Why, I ask you, would a man take a woman so deeply into such a secluded area unless his intentions were disreputable?" 

Both men were silent. Apparently mulling over the very different story they were told by the miscreant Daniel Kelly. Edward knew immediately upon encountering the couple that Kelly had deep feelings for Lilly. He was in love with her. Which explained his aggressive behavior toward Edward. He needed to discredit the man as much as possible and hope he'd loose his job with the Taylor's and therefore be far away from Lilly.

"Why were you both gone so long? It's past dark! Have you no sense of decency? His friend's voice seemed to soften a bit. 

"Her reputation Edward, did you think of that? A lady of polite society and engaged to be married no less, out past dark with another man?" 

"She took off on her horse in hysterics as I was recovering from my injuries." He lied and prayed Lilly would corroborate at least some of his claims.

"As soon as I was able I leapt onto my horse and searched her out. She was lost. The path became too dense and I had to look for her on foot. Hence the reason we arrived so much later than that disgraceful groom. Also the reason for her ruined clothing, scratches and cuts." Well, it was a white lie at least. David mused.

"Please let me be perfectly clear on this point," he continued. 

"If there was even the slightest hint I may have tarnished her reputation I would marry her instantly." 

There was no hint of fabrication in his proclamation. Edward would marry her in a heartbeat and he would make her his wife in due time even if he was itching to wrap a gold ring around her pretty finger right here and now. He informed both Taylor man that he'd staked his claim on Lilly in a round about way. 

"You married! The absolute humor in that, to my precious sister no less! As if there was a chance in hell you'd be allowed to marry the most charming, intelligent and beautiful belle of Rhode Island!" David snorted loudly.

"You are mistaken my good friends-She is the most beautiful and charming woman in the world, gentleman!"

"Watch your tongue!" David's face became flushed, his tone furious. 

"My sincere words were intended as a very fine compliment only. I have an extraordinarily high opinion of Miss Lilly." Edward grinned and drove David into inward madness.

David Sr. smirked and bit back a smile. Kahn always had been a witty and utterly charming man. He was a jocular fellow as lighthearted and humorous as his Lilly. Then it struck him square on the skull as if a heavy metal anvil dropped on his head. Of course! Edward was thoroughly smitten with his Lilly. Damn he'd never considered a match between Kahn and Lilly! Kahn was a womanizer and Lilly surely hated him because of that. They were both passionate and headstrong so far too much alike. What a volatile match. Pitch two wildcats in a cage and let them go at it, such a match would be doomed. Mr. Taylor shook his head in wonder. A newfound spark of curious amusement churned in his brain.

****

Lilly lay awake in her bed late that night after she returned from her sexual romp in the forest with Edward. She and Edward made love. The encounter left her breathless, very satisfied and wanting him even more. Edward was a very passionate, intense and demanding lover but also caring and loving. They were in love, deeply in love. She couldn't deny or even repress how they felt for one another any more. 

Lilly hoped Edward remained unscathed from his altercation with her brother and father. She hadn't heard gunshots. That was a hopefully a good sign. She had to admit her life in this century was anything but dull.

Lilly prayed her birth control pills would cover her for another few weeks. She only took them to regulate her menstrual cycles but was now very grateful the medicine would hopefully prevent an unwanted pregnancy. Edward seemed cavalier about coming inside her, unconcerned about getting her with child. Her other saving grace was she had endometriosis. Her doctor told her getting pregnant would be difficult. She could only hope the good doctor was correct on both points.

The night was balmy and too hot to sleep anyway. She shucked her nightgown to the floor. A stiff breeze from the sea drifted in the open window and caught the curtains like sails. They drifted about in a spooky movement in the dark bedroom.

Every shadow in the dark cavernous room made her jump. Could there be a figure forming in the darkness? Was the shadow man from her nightmare lurking about waiting for her to sleep so he could terrify her in her dreams again? Would it try to bury her in a deep grave while she suffocated as the dirt pilled up on her paralyzed body? Was the ghostly woman hiding in a corner ready to haunt her with her soulless eyes? Why was the forest haunted? Why did it seem the ghost was reaching out to her, trying to tell her something? Who was the shadow man? Was he someone who was once alive or a demon that wanted her dead? She had with so many unanswered questions rolling about in her sleepless head.

As Lilly lay naked, tangled in the sheets the full moon was quickly shrouded in a sinister nightly gray cloud cover. Outside a storm was brewing. The wind whipped the enormous tree trunks outside her window and they gnashed against the mansion in a loud scraping and screeching sound. Like deathly demon hands tearing her house apart. Something then began banging even louder against the house. Lilly was certain the noise was from the trees and she crawled under the covers hiding like a frightened child.

Lilly waited a moment. The sound was coming closer. She flipped the sheets up over her head, jumped from bed and crept toward the window. She peered over ledge and nearly fell dead with fear. A shadowy face peered up into the windowsill at her. She jumped back and fell to the floor in a heap. Suddenly a dark form climbed into her bedroom. Lilly nearly screamed until she saw Edward's features illuminated in the dim candlelight. He reached for her but Lilly pushed him toward the window. Edward braced himself against the windowsill, unmovable.

"Edward what are you doing here? She hissed in a hoarse whisper. 

"You apparently made it through the interrogation with my family unscathed but if we get caught they'll kill you!" Lilly grabbed her nightgown off the floor and pressed it against her body in a show of deliberate modesty. 

"I couldn't leave you alone tonight Lilly. After what happened in the forest...everything that happened, I need to be with you Lilly to protect you. Obviously something supernatural, sinister or both has us in it's grasp. Keeping us apart. Your nightmare, our shared nightmare is a promotion. I've a dreadful feeling something's going to take you away from me. Lilly, I cant live without you..." He began to fold her in his arms again but Lilly pushed him away again.

"I'm fine Edward. I don't need you or anyone to protect me. If you don't stay away something bad will happen. I can guarantee that. You promised you'd stay away after tonight!"

"I never made any such promises and I won't stay away. It'll take much more than a few ghosts and demons to keep me away from you." 

"What part of 'stay away, I don't want to be with you' don't you understand?" Lilly crossed her arms readying for a fight.

"An overbearing woman's words sound like a buzz in my ear much like a little annoying bee." He said mocking her.

"You are one of the most obstinate and determined man I've ever met!" Lilly managed to wiggled free from his powerful embrace. 

"You have no idea how determined I am Lillian Taylor." He smirked and grabbed for her.

Edward ripped the gown Lilly clutched to her frame and threw the fabric to the floor. 

"You won't be needing that, now will you." 

Before Lilly had a chance to protest, chastise, scold or slap his haughty face, he scooped her up in one swift motion then carried her to the bed. He dropped her on the soft sheets. He gazed intently upon her shapely body as he hastily removed his shirt. Not bothering to unbutton the item but pulled it over his head. He fell on her and pressed his bare chest into her naked flesh.

"Edward, stop being so cavalier about this situation!" She whispered. His delicious fleshy lips bore down upon her and nearly tasted her mouth. Lilly was tempted to take a bite of his plump, tastiness. 

"Situation?" He glanced around the room the shrugged his shoulders casually. "I don't see any horrific lightning strikes or words written in blood warning of our demise if we choose to be together?" 

"The dream Edward, my visions into our future."

"Stop, Lillian Taylor, letting fate dictate our lives. I'm here to protect you from whatever evil, haunted or manmade forces try to separate us!" His mirthless eyes burned into her. 

"You the great immortal Edward Kahn, indispensable to the human race? I've seen your ghost, Edward haunt your crumbling house one hundred and twenty years in the future! You are not immortal you are susceptible to the foibles of mankind like everyone else." 

"The beauty of seeing into the future my clairvoyant lover is that we can learn of our mistakes ahead of time and correct them before they occur."

"Arrugh!' Lilly whispered gruffly pulling at her long strands of hair. "You're utterly impossible to get through to, you're an absolutely absurd man!

Lilly needed to change her tactic. He wouldn't listen to reason. Edward Kahn didn't know how his horrific ghostly face and red and bloody neck looked like in death. A death brought on because of their all-consuming desperate need to be together at any cost. She needed to change her tactic. 

"My sister sleeps in the next room. You should go before you get caught. If we are caught together..." She began to push him off her.

"What Lilly, I'll be forced to marry you? Oh how dreadful! Forced into marriage with a wild, unruly creature like you! I relish the challenge my love!" 

"Stop mocking me. Marriage is not something either of us wants." 

"Oh, really, Lilly, you're so very sure of that? You can read my mind as well as tell my future?" he cocked an eyebrow. 

Edward's demeanor changed. His words were charged with contempt. He pushed off her and sat on the edge of the bed. After a moment Kahn wrestled with his tall boots. As they dropped each thudded in a muffled clatter. 

"Taking your boots off for me this time? Should I be flattered?" 

Edward was eerily silent. Lilly lay with the sheets pulled to her chest. His silence was creepy and she sat very still for a moment. Edward seemed to contemplate something quite deeply. 

He scrambled across the bed then pounced on a top her. Lilly yelped. He covered her mouth and smiled. His handsome face hovered over her. His breath was hot on her mouth. She was nearly salivating for his fresh wet kisses. He whipped the sheet off her and forcibly pried her legs wide open. He grinned knowingly to her. Those two incorrigible dimples deeply etched on each side of his mouth made him even more handsome. 

Edward then buried his face between her thighs. Lilly gasped and clenched the sheets in her hand. Her body trembled. His breath hot on her swollen and sensitive folds. Lilly whimpered with anticipation. Edward teased her as his tongue darted out as the tip of his flesh just grazed her swollen bud. Lilly ached her back but his hand forced her flat belly into the soft mattress. She moaned decadently in pure lusty pleasure. Edward slowly buried his lips inside her soft folds and sealed around her delicate tissue and his tongue lapped her sweet, thick honey. Moisture surged from her core. He licked up the trickling liquid as his tongue entered her quivering pussy. He lifted his head up and peered at Lilly. His mouth was coated with her arousal.

"I am so very hungry for you tonight my angel. I dreamt of licking up your sweet juices. I salivate as your body releases its sweet honey into my parched mouth." He pressed his hand gently into her stomach.

"Tonight my seed is interred deep within you Lilly. My sticky, thick creamy seed clings to your insides. As you sleep, as you dream remember that part that of me churns in you and as I drink your sticky nectar I'll take a part of you with me too. 

Again he sized her nub, sucked it up into his mouth and drove three fingers into her core. She arched her back and writhed in passionate agony. Her body begged for release. After only a few seconds Lilly panted and her legs went stiff. A powerful orgasm shook and rippled to her to the core.

Edward rose from between her legs grabbed his hard cock then slipped his the meaty tip into her slick channel. Lilly bit back a cry. Her swollen insides were raw from his earlier penetration into her. She was still quaking and contracting from her release. Edward was more gentle this time though. He buried himself into her nearly to the root. His movements precise, an undulating gentle ocean wave ebbing and flowing with each deep stroke into her. 

Lilly signed, grateful for Edward's gentle lovemaking. She fell into a blissful and highly aroused rhythm each time he penetrated her deeply. Edward was on fire for Lilly. The ferocious woman-child made him burn. After a few minutes he couldn't control his need. He pumped his load into her body grunting low and as quietly as possible. His seed mixed with the sperm he spent in her earlier. With the taste of her musky sweetness still on his lips he kissed her deeply. She folded into his arms as he held her tightly to his body. She was his and would always be.

Edward let her sleep a few hours before he climbed a top her nude body again. Lilly awoke groggy, right before he mounted her in a full on rut. He expertly rubbed her engorged pearl while he penetrated her body. She came easily along with him. 

Edward and Lilly clung to each other. Each was breathless and spent. Edward stroked her body gently and kissed her. He couldn't seem to get enough of her.

"Lilly, let me in. Together we can solve this forbidding mystery. Let me into your heart. I'm not going away, ever. I'll only rebound from your rebuffs with more grit and determination." Edward ravished her with more urgent kisses.

Lilly was silent but gentle tears rolled down her face. Edward wiped them away and kissed her. A mutual unspoken understanding bound the two at that moment.

Edward and Lilly slept into the early morning. Both lay curled and clinging to one another as the first rays of the morning sun illuminated the eastern sky in romantic pink shade of summer. 

Edward detested leaving his lover. He eased from the bed and dressed quietly. The first stirrings of the household servants in the early morning hours begged Edward to leave quickly. He scribbled a quick note to his beloved and tucked paper deeply under her pillow. He kissed her lips lightly but for a long passionate moment. Lilly's sweet tangy scent clung to his mouth, lips and fingers. 

Her thick blonde hair covered her pretty face. He eased the locks away and gazed lovingly at her. She was an angel, his angel sleeping peacefully. Her lips were plump and red like a child. A wild, intense expression was fixed on her beautiful face. She was so determined to push him away but he was even more determined to keep her close. 

Edward emptied so much of his seed deeply inside her. He gently parted her legs. He smiled. His cum was already dried on her thighs. He was overtly territorial, animalistic and feral with Lilly. He was in love, deeply in love. He wanted to profess this to anyone who'd listen. He was insane and loved the thought of insanity with Lillian Taylor. 

He crept stealthy down the rickety trellis. Thin wood flexed and bowed precariously with each step. Pretty pink roses pricked his flesh as he descended the latticework. He plucked a heady vibrant blossom, worked his way up again and placed the flower on the windowsill. He stole away into the early morning dawn. Already missing her so intently his heart ached.
