 For Halloween I've decided to right a somewhat spooky Halloween story. I hope you enjoy. All characters involved in sex are 18 or older. The story is based on true events that happen some time in the near future. This story contains a lot of kinky stuff, including but not limited to girls with dicks, anal, lots and lots of cum, a gangbang, and some monsters with just a little bit of blood. If that's your thing, read on! If not you might want to find a different story. 

*

After we finally close the bar down, Tatiana pushes me down on my knees behind the bar. Before I can react, she has her pants around her ankles and her massive python shoved in my mouth. Without hesitating, I suck my lips tight around her cock and she moans because of it. "That's it, Jack, take my cock you dirty slut."

She just loves to dominate, I noticed that about her as soon as my father hired her. Her hands run through my hair and she grabs handfuls as she tries to feed more of her member inside my throat. The tip of her cock is nudging up against the opening of my throat, causing me to gag as I look up into the blend of green and yellow eyes of hers. I've never seen eyes so beautiful. She looks down at me with such possessive desire.

"We really need to work on that gag reflex of yours," she sighs but continues the onslaught of my mouth. "Just swallow it down." 

I do as she orders and try to swallow. The act opens my throat enough for her cock to gain entrance. Now she finally has her shaft to the hilt inside my throat. My nose is pressed up against her small triangular patch of pubes as her balls nudge up against my chin. Her shaft is plugging up my windpipe. I can't breathe! My hands desperately trying to push her off but to no avail. I've never considered myself weak, but she's just so strong. Finally, she pulls her cock completely out and I'm left coughing and wheezing for air. She grabs my hair and pulls me up against her crotch and she slaps her 10-inch cock against my face, smearing precum all over it. After she beats her dick against my lips, she pushes my face away.

"Get up on your feet, I'm going to fuck that tight ass of yours," she demands. 

I grab onto her tight waist for support as I pull myself up to my feet. Her cock rubs against my face as I stand up. She quickly unbuckles my paints, letting them fall to the floor. Her fingers sink beneath the waistband of my briefs and slides them down my ass until they fall on top of my pants. 

She spins me around and bends me over the bar. I look back as she slides down to her knees and spreads my ass cheeks. Her tongue slides up and down the crack of my ass, stopping at the entrance to my rear.

Her tongue slips in past my sphincter eliciting a moan from my lips. Her hand comes down hard on my ass cheek, giving it a good squeeze. 

I can't help but let out a little gasp as she continues to push her tongue up my asshole. Her hands glide down the back of my thighs causing my knees to buckle. She gives my ass one more slap before climbing to her feet. 

She grabs my right asscheek with one hand, spreading it open to reveal my vulnerable little pucker. Her other hand's on the base of her cock as she guides it in, kissing my little starfish with the tip of her dick. Without hesitation, she slams her meatstick in balls deep. I scream at the top of my lungs, as the sudden intrusion caught me off guard. The searing pain of her cock spreading my asshole wide with one thrust cause tears to form from my eyes. 

She grabs a handful of hair with one hand, pulling my head back, as she smacks my ass hard with the other. She begins to pull out ever so slowly to the tip. "Tell me how much you want to be fucked like a bitch." 

"Fuck my ass like the bitch that Iii aaaaammmm!" I scream as she slams her cock back inside of me. She drops my head and grabs both hips.

"That's right, you little slut! You're my bitch and I'm going to fuck you like one!" She begins to assault my ass with vigor, slamming her cock in with such force, it slams me against the bar. As she conquers my ass, she leans forward and bites down hard on my collarbone eliciting a yelp from my lips. She then leaves a trail of kisses up my neck as her cock continues its conquest taking my ass. "You're so tasty... Do you love being my bitch?" she whispers. 

"Yeesss!" I squeal as her big fat cock rams into my back door. 

"Yes what, slut?" she asks.

"Yess, I love being your bitch!" I gasp. 

She wraps her arms around my stomach and pulls me up to her in an embrace. Her lips press against my cheek as her cock sheaths itself all the way inside of me. 

"I love how you're so willing to submit to me," she whispers into my ear. Slowly she starts to gyrate her hips causing her cock to rub up against my prostate. 

All I can do is moan, she has complete power over me and I wouldn't have it any other way. 

Her hand slips down and grabs a hold of my cock. Slowly she starts to stroke it as her cock continues to make me moan. I don't know how much more I can take and I can tell as her cock gets harder, signaling that she's also on the edge. 

"I'm going to fill your ass with cum. I can tell your close, let's cum together!" She begins her assault once more, slamming all 10 inches in and out of me. My dick starts to pulse and I can't help but squeeze down on her cock. She sinks her cock all the way inside of me and explodes just as my dick erupts into her hand. 

"Ahhhh!" I gasp as her hot sticky cum fills up my bowels. My own dick continues to shoot ropes of cum out. Finally, my cock shoots out the last of my semen. She keeps her cock hilted inside of me as she brings her hand up to my face. "Be a good boy and lick it all up," she smirks as her other hand wraps around my waist, pulling me tight against her. 

Without even hesitating, I lick my own cum off her hand. Lapping up most of my it before she smears the rest all over my face. Finally, she pulls her flaccid cock out and turns me around, pushing me to my knees. "Why don't you clean my cock off while you're at it." 

Like a good little bitch, I grab that big dick of hers and start licking up her sticky seed. I take her into my mouth and suck every last drop out of that beautiful cock of hers. 

She pulls away and brings her face down to mine. She takes my face into her hands, caressing my cheeks with her thumbs. "I can't believe I found you, you're so perfect."

She pulls me into a deep, passionate kiss. Her tongue slips in between my lips and explores my mouth. Finally, she breaks away and she pulls her pants up. I get dressed as well. "Come on, babe, tomorrow's the big day. Let's get some sleep." 

Tomorrow I finally get to go out on her tribal hunt. Tatiana is Native American and her tribe owns a large piece of land in the U. P. of Michigan. Every full moon they go out for a traditional hunt. This time she's invited me to tag along. We've been dating for over a year now and not once have I been invited to their hunt. 

After we finishing closing up the bar we make our way up to our apartment. I strip down and collapse onto the bed. My butt is so sore after the assfucking she gave me and I'm completely exhausted. Tatiana slides in next to me and pulls me close to her as she spoons me, wrapping her arm around to my abs. I place my hand on top of hers. Her cock rests up in between my buttcheeks as she kisses the back of my neck. 

"Jack, I want you to know that I do love you," she whispers into my ear.

"I love you too Tatiana." She gives me one more kiss before we both get taken by the night. 

---

I wake up to her kissing my neck, wrapped up in her arms. "Morning, babe," she whispers in my ear as her fingers wrap around my cock, giving it a squeeze. 

"Morning," I smile as I lean back as she brings her lips against mine. I wish our kiss could last for an eternity, but at last, it finally comes to an end as she pulls away and looks into my eyes.

"Come on love, let's hop into the shower. You're definitely not going to be able to shower once we're out in the woods." 

She pulls me out of bed with her hand still holding my dick. She tugs me along by my cock to the bathroom. She turns the water on and then wraps her arms around my neck, pulling me in for another intimate kiss. I embrace her, wrapping my arms around the small of her back. 

Finally, she breaks away to check the water, after adjusting the nozzles, she pulls me in with her. Once again her lips are against mine, her tongue caresses the inside of my mouth as her hand gently wraps around my neck. The hot water crashes against our naked bodies as our cocks clash up against each other like swords in a duel. She's got the upper hand, but my dick is by no means small, being a good 8 inches when it's hard. Her hand grabs both of our cocks and begins to stroke them. She breaks away and looks down at our shafts. Her mouth curls into a smile as she looks back up to me. 

"Your cock looks so cute up against mine," she laughs, winking at me. 

"Very funny..." I say to her, feeling a little embarrassed. 

"Awwwwe, don't pout, we all know who the alpha is in this relationship, now be a good boy and wash me," she smirks as she grabs the soap and hands it to me, turning her back to me. 

I gently move her soaked long dark brown hair that's buzzed on one side over her shoulder and begin to caress her upper back, getting it all nice and soapy. I move down her lean, muscular back rubbing the soap all over. She doesn't have an ounce of fat on her. I massage her chestnut brown colored skin as my hands, slowly moving down to the small of her back. 

I then decide to start washing her feet. I lift up her foot one at a time and get them nice and soapy. Moving up to her caffs, I give them the much-needed attention. Then it's to the back of her thighs. I glide my fingers down her legs just as she did to me last night. She shudders at my touch. Finally, I arrive at that bubble butt of hers. I squeeze her cheeks and spread them apart. I generously soap up that gorgeous ass. Kneading those buns like playdough. She glances down at me. "I see someone is enjoying themselves." She has that adorable smirk on her face.

I lean up and kiss each cheek. She finally turns around. "Now you can give my cock the same amount of attention once you've finished cleaning the rest of me." 

As she commands, I soap up her legs, getting those muscular thighs nice and slick. Then she leans down allowing me to clean her chest. I play with her breasts the same way I played with her ass. I squeeze and rub them, smothering her big boobs in soap. I could play with those double C's all day. 

She grins at me. "Enough playing around, my snake is getting hungry." 

She straightens up and I run my hands down her abs one at a time, counting 8 abs in all. I kiss each one of them and run my tongue up against her belly button, that has a crescent moon shaped birthmark around it, almost identical to the one I have on my shoulder. Finally, I arrive at her giant python. I look up into those lustful eyes of hers, knowing full well what she desires. 

I open my mouth and take her cock inside. Slowly I inch more of her dick in between my lips. I feel her fingers running through my soaking wet hair as she lightly pulls me to her groin. Her cock pushes up against my throat. I break the urge to gag and do my best to swallow her cock, allowing her into my throat. My eyes never leave hers as she smiles down at me. "You're doing much better than yesterday." 

She starts to use my mouth as a pocket pussy. Slamming her cock in and out of my throat. I grip her waist, desperately trying to breathe. She sheathes her sword all the way in, holding it there. My lungs are burning and my eyes roll as I start to fade out of consciousness. Before I totally lose it, she pulls her cock all the way out. I cough and heave at her feet, trying desperately to get air in my lungs. 

She grabs my hair and pulls me to my feet. Then I'm pushed up against the cold shower wall. She grabs the soap and lathers my ass up with it, pushing her finger deep inside me. She takes more soap and gets her dick nice and slick. 

She presses the tip of her cock against my still sore butthole. With the thrust of her hips, her cock pops into my ass without much resistance. She gives my ass a slap and starts to slam her cock inside of me. She has each hand on both of my ass cheeks, spreading them apart as her meat stick disappears inside my ass. 

She presses her breasts against my back pinning me against the wall. "Tonight's the night of the full moon, are you nervous?" she whispers as she slows down her assault, hilting her dick deep inside me.

"Sh... should I be?" I stammer out. 

She laughs as she pulls her cock out to the tip. "Most definitely," she says slamming that monster python back inside.

She really starts to hammer away, fucking me like a dog. I can feel her cock rubbing roughly up against my prostate causing me to moan like a bitch in heat. I never thought I'd be in this position, taking a fat dick up my ass. Even though many see me as the "nice guy" or the "boy scout," I've had my fair share of women. Besides the fact that I'm no pushover, being completely shredded with my own set of abs, it's hard for me to believe I would have ever become a cocksucking cumpdump, but ever since Tatiana came into my life over a year ago, I've become a dick craving slut. This woman has some kind of power over me. Every time I'm around her I become this submissive little slut, eager to suck her cock or take it up the ass like I am at the current moment as she reminds me by slamming that anaconda so deep inside me I feel like if she came I could spit it out my mouth. 

There's just something about her that holds command over me. The more I give in, the more I love being hers. I feel a deeper connection with her than I've ever felt with anyone else. It's like we're bonded together or something. 

"Ahhhh," I groan as she starts to full-on assault my ass. She fucks me so hard, pounding that log into me with a ferocity unmatched by the most ferocious animals. Her dick pummels my ass fast and hard. She fucks without mercy as my own cock erupts against the shower wall. Finally, she pulls out and I turn around, sinking down to the floor, eager to get my salty reward. I open my mouth as she pushes her cock in and erupts inside, blasting my mouth with a load of cum. I greedily swallow it down as more fills my mouth. I grab her cock and stroke every last drop out cum out of that the big dick of hers, sucking her balls dry of that tasty treat. Finally, she collapses down beside me. 

She pulls my face to hers and our lips connect in complete bliss. Her hand runs through my hair and she pulls back laughing. I look at her in confusion. She brings her hand out from my hair and brings it up to my nose. I smell the cum on her fingers and can't help but laugh as well. I must have rubbed my head against the cum I painted the shower wall with. She brings it to my mouth and I lick her fingers clean. Once more she pulls me back into a deep intimate kiss. "Let's clean you up and get going." 

She brings the soap down and starts to lather my body with it, getting every crevice and taking extra time with my sore ass. Finally, she washes off the soap and turns off the water. We step out and dry each other off. 

After we get dress, I grab our gear, which I packed yesterday since I'm the boy scout and all, and throw it in the truck. I see my dad pull up to the bar and meet him inside. "You be safe out there, lots of strange things happen during a full moon." 

"Don't worry pops, I'll be fine, besides I have Tatiana with me. She alone will scare off any threats." 

He laughs in agreement. "That woman is something else, definitely a keeper. She's got bigger balls than you." 

I can't help but snort at that comment. "You have no idea, old man. Well, we best get going." 

We get in my truck and take off. It was about an hour's drive from Sault Ste. Marie to the tribe's reservation. The drive is beautiful, partly due to the view of Lake Superior. Besides for the occasional house here and there, the land was covered densely with trees, mostly pine. All you could see was green and some occasional flowers popping up here and there. 

We turned down a back road and drove about 20 miles or so until we finally turned down a dirt road. We took that road several miles before it turned into somewhat of a two-track. Finally, we came out to an opening and Tatiana told me to put it in a park. As soon as I stepped out of the truck the smell of pine hit my nostrils. I breathed it in, so fresh and invigorating to be in the outdoors. I loved it. 

Once we grabbed our gear, Tatiana turned to me. "Now all we have is a short hike and we'll be at the campground." 

I nodded and she took the lead. The trail is narrow and rough. Full of rocks, tree routes, turns, and hills. The forest is dense, full of Pine and some sugar maples, Aspens, and several types of shrubs. The view was amazing and I wasn't talking about the woods. Tatiana had on a pair of short jean cutoffs, showing off her long muscular legs. The bronze skin glistened in the sunlight. Her bubble butt swayed with every step. She looked over her shoulder to catch me staring and smirks. 

"Like what you see?" she smiles. 

"Yeah, the view is amazing," I laugh a little. 

She let out a little giggle. "Stare all you want, but just know it's your ass that's going to get dicked," she says with a smirk. 

I let out a sigh, totally accepting my fate as her bottom slut. Not that I was at all dissatisfied. To be truthfully honest, I loved having her cock inside me. It just would be nice to be on the giving end every once in a while. 

"Will, I ever get a turn on the pitching side?" I ask. 

"Maybe if you survive tonight..." she says bluntly. 

What does she mean by that? I mean, aren't we just going out for a hunt? 

"What exactly are we hunting?" I ask. And what are we hunting with? I thought to myself. We didn't pack any guns.

"You'll see," she says with a somewhat sadistic grin. 

After hiking for what seemed like forever we finally arrive at a clearing in the woods. Several tipi tents were already set up and a fire is going. We made our way to the fire, that's when I saw an older woman, but still very beautiful, sitting with her legs folded and her eyes closed. Her long black hair rests on her shoulders. Her face is sharp, in an attractively wise way. She opens her eyes as we close in. As soon as she spots Titiana, she rises to her feet and embraces her. 

"It's good to see you, my dear," she says. 

"You too, Tadewi. I'm not surprised to see you're the first one here."

"As you know, I take this ritual very seriously." Tadewi looks over at me and her eyes widen. "You bring a white man to our ritual? The people will not be happy." 

Tatiana leans in and whispers into her ear. Her eyes widen even more. "Ahhh, now I understand. Very well."

Tatiana glances over to me with a somewhat possessive stare. "Go put our packs into the tipi over there," she says point to the one off on the edge. 

I do as she says, feeling a bit uneasy at Tadewi's remarks. After I put our packs in the tipi, I notice two more people following down the path towards us. Both of them women, obviously members of the tribe. Both are extremely beautiful. The younger one looks a lot like Tatiana but has a naivety about her. 

"Shima! What are you doing here!?" Tatiana yells a bit surprised. 

"She has chosen to partake in the ritual," the slightly older woman with bright blue eyes replies. 

"I will not allow it!" Tatiana states boldly.

"I'm old enough to decide for myself!" Shima exclaims, causing the older one to smirk. 

"Relax, Tatiana... She'll survive, she's tough." the older woman exclaims. 

