 Her friend Kat from uni had found herself the perfect summer job. She had to house-sit some castle in Romania and take care of the guided tours for English or German tourists there. When she had offered Emma to come stay with her for a week the dead-poor 19 year old student had jumped to the occasion. Budget flights were less than 50 euro and the local transport costs less than a beer in Berlin. So Emma had immediately decided on 2 weeks visiting a terribly romantic castle.

And indeed it was. Towers, moat, hilltop retreat, dungeons, tapestry, fireplaces and the works. During the day they had to share the massive building with the occasional tourist and the local guides but in the evening the girls could dream themselves back to the glory-days of knights and damsels in distress in front of a roaring fire.

Emma praised herself so lucky. Who could have thought her ending up in a big upholstered bed under a fur blanket. She felt asleep surrounded by the scent of lavender coming from the sheets.

Suddenly in her dream she felt cold lips kissing hers, trailing to her neck and then downward to her now bare belly and lower lips. All of a sudden she felt a sharp pinch in her labia and she was suddenly fully awake. Looking around her she saw a handsome face lift itself from her loins. Blood coating his mouth, dark hair falling over his forehead and bloodred eyes staring into hers. "Go back to sleep!" she heard a voice say in her head and she fell backwards on the bed again. Not fully asleep but in a kind of dreamstate. 

The now warm lips moved over her breasts and they responded to the touch. Her nipples hard pebbles under his fingers. Somewhere far away in her dream she felt hands move over her secret spot down below. The unknown touch making her want to wiggle and bounce. Suddenly something hard was shoved into her causing a piercing pain as if she was torn in two. Her foggy brain retreating to dark waters hearing a woman moan from far away.

The next morning Kat was grinning. "I believe you had a wet dream. I could hear you stream all the way in my room as if someone fucked your brains out."

"I indeed had a dream but it was so weird. I dreamt of a guy with bloodred eyes."

"Oh my," sighed Kat "Our virgin has read the stories about vampires and was dreaming the Count was screwing her. Maybe we can find you a nice boyfriend here amongst the locals so you do not have to dream about sex anymore but can have it at last."

Emma joined Kat for a tour around the castle with a busload of old people from Brighton. Kat was telling about how this castle had once belonged to the ruler of the area who as a child had been a hostage in Turkey and as a grown man had managed to keep the Turks out of his land by ruling with an iron hand impaling his enemies on sticks. 

Kat told the fascinated old birds that already during his life rumours had started that the count had been drinking the blood of virgins. She came upon a painting in the hall of a handsome and muscular man and Kat explained that was the count. Emma thought she must have seen this painting walking around on her own yesterday as this man did look a bit like the man she had had that wild dream of.

In the evening Kat took Emma to a local pub where they found the old birds sitting in a corner backing them to join for a drink. Well a free drink is a free drink for a student even if your pals are ladies as old as your granny and sporting dentures. 

The locals spotted an opportunity to sell some trinkets. "Are you two virgins, girls?" a toothless witch asked. She waved around garlic bulbs telling them those would ward off the vampires and keep them safe. Insisting that all the virgins had them in their beds as the vampires still prayed upon the local girls for blood and her cousin once removed had been killed by the count himself.

Emma thought the garlic bulb was smelling as if it had been dipped in a sewer. She never hated garlic so wondered what the harpy had done with them. Nausea was making her head spin and she felt the need to throw up. Trying to reach a toilet she stumbled and then threw up all over the pubfloor.

"That friend of yours seems to hate garlic as much as a vampire." said the old woman looking weirdly towards Emma. The atmosphere in the pub made a nosedive for the worst with the locals staring at them with distrust on their faces. "Come Emma let's go." urged Kat. "I do not like the look on their faces. Stupid yokels. Have they never seen a girl get drunk and throw up?"

The girls went back to the castle and although Emma had felt fine again the moment they had left the pub Kat had declared that she had to go to bed on time.

So Emma had to turn to reading a book as sleep refused to come. All of a sudden she realised someone was standing in front of the fireplace. His face still as handsome as the night before, his black hair falling over his brow, his eyes now black. He looked old fashioned in riding boots and trousers and a local folklore shirt, a long cape hanging from his shoulders.

"You!" she whispered.

"Me"

"Let me show you my castle my love," he said. And Emma somehow realised she was dreaming but normally that would wake her up and now failed to do that.

He just lifted her from the bed and carried her naked body all around the castle. Pointing to paintings, explaining the devices in the dungeons, showing her the library and a lot of places Kat had not taken the old ladies and her to see.

At last they ended up on the walls looking down from the defence towers. He suddenly jumped off the wall into the deep valley below. She screamed! And then realised wide dark wings were holding them airborne. She sniffed in shock. "Do not be afraid love. This is one of the advantages of my curse."

They flew over the lake, traced the river through the gorges and ended up standing on the roof of the townhall overlooking the village.

"Do you like my realm?" he asked her. She nodded. The nature was impressive and the old buildings like in a fairytale. She wondered why she was not afraid anymore as this definitely was no ordinary man.

He took her back in his arm again and flew home to the castle. A few minutes later she was on her back in bed again seeing him pull at his trousers. A wide muscular chest, a fine set of legs and a huge ramrod came into view. And she just stared.

"Tonight I am going to take you love while you are awake. For a man a woman who enjoys it enhances his pleasure and I want to see your eyes on me when you come."

"Who are you?" she asked.

"Do you still not know?"

He bowed down over her body and his touch was like electricity on the nerve endings over her clitoris. Just a few strokes had her gasping and panting, bolting against his hand and then climaxing. The rest was more or less a blur of extacy with him buried deep inside her and her cream spilling all over them. Their bodies making wet noises on the rhythm of his thrusts. At the end she just capitulated arching her hips and milking his cock. His seed shooting in her. Her hands in his hair.

The morning was coming. He kissed her on her lips. "Morning comes dove so now you can go and sleep. Listen to me though. I saw you sleeping in my bed. A virgin without anything to guard her against my centuries old curse. I needed to drink your blood so I did. But only a bit and in a place no scar would be noticed. I wanted something else from you. You were too beautiful not to take. But listen carefully. The vampire seed has fertilized you. That is why you get sick from garlic. Why you cannot sleep at night. Why you can see in the dark."

His lips moved back to hers. Kissing her feverishly. She bent her neck backwards to offer him her jugular in a strange old ritual. He however did not bite down but just kissed her skin all over the vein.

"You have to leave. The townspeople will try to kill you and your unborn child. I drafted up a document that will look as if some descendant of mine decided in his will that a child born to you will inherit this realm. When my son is 21 give it to him. And now sleep my dove."

Late in the morning Kat was trying to wake Emma. "Mensch woman you slept like a log. I guess having a nice sexdream again. Wink Wink."

Emma pretended to feel really ill and returned the same day to Berlin. Things were too weird there in Romania.

She passed her exams with top grades as she was not sleepy at all and studying up late. Then she noticed her period was not coming. Nothing unusual as she was quite irregular but it made her think of the weird dreams in Romania. She felt herself getting moist just thinking of it and wondered if real sex was as good as dreamsex. Curiously she fondled her labia suddenly halting over 2 small scars on the inside of the left one. Getting a mirror she went exploring and saw indeed two punctures in her fold. Then she was shocked to see that her virgin hole was now smiling back at her wide open. Holy SHIT!