 The tramp knew what he had, they walked slowly through the alley, like prince and princess waiting vows, but he knew where he stood, a lowly tramp, and a lady true, his hands were still at his sides, the adventurous spirit locked within an ice cube of fear and lost lust.

They neared the other side, barely acknowledging each other, they stayed silent, like the beauty and the beast which they truly were, he looked over her body with a lust which burned like lava, the simple silk dress which hung over her curves, the leather gloves the satin craces and tights, it was as if someone wanted to hide her talent, they wanted to keep secret everything which god gave her, everything which a man could desire in pure passion and want.

Time was gone, he lowered his fingers through her hair, and then over her silky soft cheeks, he pressed her between his body and the white Victorian wall before them. Her escort was now well out of sight, they both pressed firmly into each other, this was the time, now or never.

The tramp slid his hands adventurously inside her bodice; he found her skin and teased gently with his dirty fingers her nipples, her pink skin showing the marks of his dirty abuse. She moaned lightly under her breath, a moan of mixed emotion, pleasure and pain, lust and regret. If her husband to be found out that a mere peasant man had desecrated her body in a pre marital bliss, he would be killed like tramp that he was.

But it didn't matter he was now bound in fate, his fingers were locked to her skin, his lips were seeking her neck and shoulders, his tongue tracing her cheek and earlobe.

He couldn't get enough, they were locked on a window sill, pressing their desires into a wall of passion, the window would be the only witness, the only eyes upon their discretion. But it would tell no stories, and make no rumours; it was perfect.

The tramp was now feeling his urges, his manhood was a beacon, guiding him to the shore above, his fingers now finding their way under her silky soft dress to find a different kind of silk one which flowed a smooth flow over her body, over her womanhood, her need was what he found, she had never been touched how he would touch her, he now found that his fingers were not enough.

He propped her firmly between the window and himself and then led his tongue between her, into her female enclosure, he had much to enjoy, much to play with, her birth gave way to much sensitive skin, which his tongue wrapped around, and toyed lovingly with until she sighed breaths of delight.

The Lady held him tightly between her legs, she enjoyed the attention she had never before received, she knew that her husband to be was a good man, but he would never treat her so roughly, he would never touch and drive her, for that she lives in the moment set in front of her, the tramp's tongue crept into her pink enclosure, it toyed and teased her until she gasped for breath the tip pushing into her body licking at all she could give.

The tramp was now in his element, she hadn't pushed him away he knew he was there, he took his hands and tore through her clothing, he saw as only a hindrance to her beauty, she didn't object, she merely moaned to the touch of his hands on her skin, she leaned outward and pushed herself towards him, like an animal in the wild seeking a mate.

The tramp was now tiring of her pleasure, he drove himself against her, he drove his manhood against her, sliding into her need, her bodies juices flowing over her sex giving him encouragement to enter, and enter he did, he pushed lightly at first, allowing himself to part her lips and slip into the gold mine, and from there he would mine her dry.

He pushed her hard against the window as he mounted her, she was now his to fair, and he was in for the ride, he drove his member deep inside his body, fearing nothing at all, his fear and her fear were nothing but a glimmer of what her man would do to him, fear pain, love lust, all in the eye of the beholder blind until they could see.

Her moans reached into the darkness as he drove himself against her, he ground his hips against hers, the dirty and the clean, the tramp and the lady, the beauty and the beast, the cold feeling of his hands, the dirt of his lips the dirt of his member penetrating her innocence, and she loved it, her husband to be would never treat her like such an object, like an animal; and for this tramp, she would be all the animal he needed, she drove back against his thrusts, she clenched her hips she moaned loud, she cried she screamed; she was taken in ecstasy and climax, she came against his thrusts her virginal muscles held him until it was all over, he had put his dirty seed between her pink lips.

They stopped for a moment to catch their breath before sharing a tiny kiss, a thank you as it were, they would never see each other again, never touch again.

it was

goodbye