 Matt turned around as he heard the cat calls behind him, recognizing the voice of his girlfriend. Smiling and wiggling his hips he waved his wand in greeting. Unable to hold it any longer, Jill and her best friend Tiffany broke into hysterical giggles and could only point at him.

"Laugh it up ladies, laugh it up. Just remember under all this I'm still very much a man" he told them with a mischievous look.

"It's.... it's.... well... why are you dressed like that?" Jill said between giggles.

"I'll have you know I lost a bet with John." Matt was now doing girl poses in an overly dramatic way. Just his style. "And, please note, I'm wearing jeans and a shirt under it."

Jill asked, "What was the bet for? Who looked best in a dress?" The laughter had slowed, but was by no means gone.

Matt tried to puff himself up and look manly, only making it worse for the girls. "No, it was a silly football game. And he wouldn't let me out of the bet."

Tiffany began to circle him, looking him over with a crooked smile. "I do have to say Matt, you do look quite smashing in a tutu, tiara, and that adorable wand."

Now Matt joined the laughter. He knew he looked funny, but he wasn't one to care. These days a lot of men cross dressed for plays, parties, etc. Just one of the group he guessed. "You just get here?" he asked.

"Yeah, fashionably late as always. You?" Jill asked wiping a tear from her face. It wasn't often anymore that she got to laugh so hard she cried.

"Fashionably early" he laughed. "Wherever there's alcohol, you'll find me there!"

Both girls shook their heads and walked away to find some of their other friends. Matt and Jill had moved to this small town together after high school. That had been over a year ago, and he still wasn't as familiar with the area as she was. They had managed to quickly make friends here, and they loved the quiet atmosphere of the tiny town. Earlier she had left him at home to go to Tiffany's to "prep" for the Halloween party being thrown by friends Tom and Shelly.

October 31st had always been their favorite holiday. Dressing up, being someone else, and most importantly being able to let go and have fun one time out of the year. Matt was a little disappointed she had come as a gothic chic instead of the promised nurse's costume. But it was no matter, she looked hot in anything she wore. He stared at her ass as she walked away. He knew she knew, and that's why she was over dramatic in the swaying of her hips. Damn, she was hot. He did hope that the black hair was just a spray, not a dye. Loosing her blonde locks would be a crime against humanity.

He shook his head trying to clear his clouded mind. Matt really had gotten there early and hit the booze. His mind was starting to get a little foggy. From the corner of his eye he caught a glimpse of his friend John. "Hey, ass hole, come here" he called to him. Not sure if John had heard him over the music or not, he crossed the room to join the men in the corner of the room.

The night flew by in a frenzy of hot girls and loud conversation. Whoever was closest to the door handed the candy to the neighborhood kids. The booze was flowing and laughter filled the air. By midnight everyone was tipsy. But no one was ready to leave. By now most everyone had gone outside to sit around the campfire. He could smell the weenies and marshmallows cooking and hear the ghost stories being told.

Not seeing Jill, Matt figured that's where she was. This was his opportunity to sneak glances at Tiffany. He loved how her body was thick but not heavy, that perky little nose, and the fact that her tits were almost falling out of her corset. He was picturing her tiny, sexy little mole just above her left nipple. The two guys he had been talking with decided to join everyone outside, but Matt declined. He told them that with his luck he'd fall into the fire. They laughed and left him sipping his beer. Lost in thoughts, he was surprised when someone gently took his hand. Some of the beer he had been drinking fell all over his clothes.

"Ahhh, shit" he cursed, yanking his hand away and brushing his clothes as if that would magically dry him off. Raising his eyes from his now wet clothes, he saw that it had been Tiffany who had touched him. The look on her face was seductive as she used her head to indicate the stairs.

"I'm sorry. Allow me to take care of that" she whispered.

Matt felt his loins stir. "Shhh! Do you want someone to hear you?" he slurred.

"There's no one here but us. If they hear anything, it's because your drunk and talking too loud. Come on." Tiffany once again took his hand and began to lead him up the stairs. Matt sat the bottle down on the bottom step before climbing. 

Tip toeing through the upstairs hall, they found the master bedroom. Not a large room by any means, but it did have the queen bed. Once inside and the door closed, they kissed deep and passionately. He loved the taste of her lips. The way her tongue swirled around his. Matt had been cheating with her for the last couple of months. He knew Jill suspected something, but she never actually said anything. She had however started to become withdrawn and sex was all but gone lately. It had to have been three weeks since she slept with him, and even then it was brief and cold.

Not Tiffany though. She was so soft and pliable in his hands. Always warm and inviting to him. He pulled his head back with a moment of clarity. "We can't do this. She's right down there" he said looking out the window the the blazing fire outside.

"She won't know. Don't worry about it" Tiffany said, pulling him back in to kiss her. It was enough to put his doubts to rest. Her hand slid below his shirt and began to rub his back. This caused him to push his hips forwards into hers. 

Instinctively her hands began to move down to unhook his jeans, but the damn tutu was in the way. After some giggling and struggling between the two of them they managed to remove it. When her hands reached again for him, he stopped her hands and whispered, "not tonight my darling. Tonight we start with you."

Tiffany's face flushed with excitement as she slowly began to strip tease for him. Untieing her corset slowly..... slowly sliding it off her body. Her fairly large breasts now hung free. Nipples hardened into perfect pink peaks. Matt closed the gap between them and kissed her again, hands running down her shoulders and down her arms and moving back up again. She pushed him away again and unbuttoned her pants. Placing a finger in both sides of her jeans she began to rock back and forth, singing while her pants were lowered to the ground.

Matt's bulge was becoming very apparent through his jeans now. He loved when a woman stripped for him. It was so.......... erotic! He allowed her to dance and wiggle for a while, drinking in the sight of her. Those beautiful hazel eyes, medium lips, perfectly portioned body, and that damn mole right above that nipple. He was on the verge of giving in to his animalistic urges to throw her down and just take her. Ohhh, the teasing had to stop. It was her turn.

Once again he approached her, this time leading her to the bed and asking her to lay down. The way her hair lay around her head made her look angelic. Her legs were only slightly parted, so he crawled up to her from the end of the bed and pushed them just far enough apart to give him the access he needed for now. Matt certainly knew how to tease back.

First he allowed his tongue to make one long stroke up the entire length of her slit, sending shudders through her body. Another lick and she shuddered again, gripping the comforter in her tiny hands. Now his tongue encircled her clit, swirling it around and around. Tiffany's back arched in response to the pleasure. Continuing to tease her clit, he now added sucking on it. This sent Tiffany writhing on the bed, her first climax already beginning to mount. Her fucking cunt tasted like honey. He could eat her out all day. Not to mention the feel of those silken legs wrapped around his shoulders. That alone was enough to get him off. Now he slid one finger into her dripping pussy, having no trouble by now finding that g-spot. Teasing that and her clit he could feel the walls tightening around his finger. So he added a second one to increase the stimulation. Tiffany was riding his fingers and his tongue, screaming for him to make her cum. Oh, here comes that dirty talk. How he loved it when she talked dirty to him.

"Ohhh, baby, that feels so good, yes, yes, right there, mmmmm, oh God, please baby...." etc. etc. Something about those dirty words coming from her angelic mouth drove him mad with lust. Picking up even more speed, he knew she couldn't hang on much longer. And he was right. Her legs tightened so much he though he was going to suffocate. He could feel the cum coating his fingers and dripping out of her tight hole. Moving down he began to lick up her nectar as her body continued to convulse from the orgasm.

As soon as she quieted down he moved up her body planting little kisses here and there. When he reached her neck he allowed his tongue to come out and run a trail all the way up to her ear. She squirmed as he began to flick it with his tongue and suck on it. Her nails ran a trail down his back in desperation, begging him to let her have her turn. First he wanted to kiss her, make her taste herself on his lips. Share the honey. When the passioned kiss finally broke he put his fingers to her lips and made her lick them clean. Her eyes closed as she tasted her cum, cleaning them with her tongue and sucking on them with her pretty mouth.

He was honestly rock hard by now, and could have gone ahead and fucked her right there. But he was drunk and wanted his treat first. Rolling over and allowing her on top so she could remove his clothes, he enjoyed the feel of her fingers on his hot skin. In no time at all she had him bare ass naked, his cock standing straight up. He was only the average six inches, but the thing she loved most was his three inch width. It filled her up, hitting her g-spot perfectly. Beginning the same way he did, she licked from his balls up to the head, forcing him to shudder now with anticipation. Her tongue worked circles around the head of his engorged cock, teasing it, then taking him all the way in at once. Matt sucked in a sharp breath, enjoying the shock of her warm mouth taking him in. 

He laid back and closed his eyes, allowing her to lick and suck him like a damn lollipop. Occasionally she moved down to lick and suck on his balls. Oh, god, how he loved when she did that. And when her fingers played with his balls while sucking his cock, that was heaven. Without realizing it he took a handful of her hair to move her how he wanted, fucking her mouth and forcing it to go all the way to the back of her throat. He knew he was getting close to coming when his hips began to thrust into her mouth. It took almost more willpower than he had to force himself to pull her off him. He held her there, looking up at him, her chest heaving with excitement. Forcing her to not move until he regained control and forced his climax back.

When he was no longer ready to cum himself he allowed her to climb on top, her swollen pussy lips swallowing his cock. It was painfully slow. Even well lubricated it could be difficult sometimes to slide into her (probably because of the swelling). Unfortunately, this was one of those nights. She had to lower herself onto him one inch at a time. Unable to stand it tonight, she had only made it half way when he grabbed her hips and forced her all the way down on him, causing her to yelp in pain.

His eyes closed and fingers dug into her skin as her pussy lips swallowed him. His chest began to heave with excitement as he let go and told her to ride like never before. She didn't bother going slow now. Grinding her pussy on his cock, riding it up and down, her own climax building again. Matt grabbed her hips to help with the thrusts as she grabbed her own tits. He loved watching her play with her own tits and nipples as she rode. Before they came he asked her to turn around and ride backwards. Now it was so tight it was ridiculous. Soon she exploded in another orgasm, cum coating his cock and dripping down his balls. Tiffany felt him begin to tighten and jerk, so she did what she knew he wanted. What she wanted also. Getting on her hands and knees, Matt standing in front of her, he came in her mouth. His cock jerked with every shot of cum. Afterwards she wrapped her lips around his softening cock and cleaned her juices off. Something they both knew Jill would never do for him.

They lay there and kissed for awhile, catching their breaths and calming down. Not bothering with the costume, they redressed and walked back into the hallway. Looking down the stairs Matt froze. At the bottom stood Jill. Her face frozen with the most heartbroken look. Shock ripped through Matt's body, sobering him up instantly. Glancing down he realized just how poorly they had redressed, and their hair was a disheveled mess. Tier secret was no longer a secret. His blood ran cold with fear.

"Honey, I... I... I'm sorry, it was an accident" he stuttered. Jill didn't even stand there long enough to listen. How could he betray her like this? The love of her life? How could her best friend do this? She was running at break neck speed to her car. Luckily she had gotten there late, so Randy (who was in charge of keys so no one drove drunk) hadn't taken her keys. Shaking and fumbling she managed to get her car door open and jump in just as he reached her car. Begging and pleading for her to open the door and listen to him. She locked the doors and roared the engine to life. Matt was pounding on the driver's side window now. Telling her to stop, she shouldn't drive. They needed to talk about this. She heard none of it. Throwing the car into gear she gunned the gas and was gone in a cloud of dust.

Matt turned around and realized that the entire party had stopped. No music, no talking, not even any movement. They were all staring at him in shock. He spotted Randy and all but tackled him, demanding his keys. Randy shook his head. "Let her go. You can't drive like this! She'll come back when she cools off..." Matt was shaking him violently.

"Give me my GOD DAMN KEYS!" he was screaming.

Randy refused, restating, "neither of you should be driving. There's nothing I can do now about Jill, but that didn't mean I can let you drive. Drunk and upset, if there was a high speed chase someone was going to die. Chill out. I'll take you home."

Matt stood back dumbfounded. His mind was racing. He was going to loose her. She'd be packed and gone before he got home. His heart was ripping in pieces. Despite what he had done, he really did love her. He couldn't live without her.

Randy finally rummaged through the pile of keys and found his. Matt was furious. Randy drove like an old grandpa. Despite his urgings to speed up Randy kept going slow and steady on the old gravel road. When they finally could see the turn right before the road to his house, Matt's heart sank. There were cop cars, an ambulance, and a fire truck. They could see nothing more until they got closer. It was Jill's car. There was a tangled wreckage of her car and another. Matt was jumping out of the car before Randy had the chance to put it in park just outside the police barricade. An officer grabbed Matt and told him to stay back.

"THAT'S MY FIANCE'S CAR (it didn't matter to him that he had never actually proposed)! WHAT HAPPENED? Is she ok?" Matt begged, his terrified eyes looking into the officer's.

His face softened into a sad look. "Son, neither driver survived. I'm sorry..."

Matt didn't let him finish. He crumpled to the ground, tears streaming down his face, his body convulsing in sobs. "No, no, it's not true. We just had a little fight. This isn't real..."

The officer shook his head and put his hand on Matt's shoulder. "Son, I'm sorry, but she's gone. She took the turn too wide and struck the other gentleman's car. They both died on impact."

"NO" Matt screamed, struggling to his feet. He tried to charge past the officer to get to his love, but the cop was stronger than he. They fought and struggled.

"Son, you don't want to see this. You don't want to see, I promise you. Don't remember her like this, I'm begging you" the officer pleaded. But it was of no use. His grip finally loosed just long enough for Matt to break away and he ran to the car. Jill's body was crumpled beyond recognition, still sitting in the driver's seat. Glass and blood were everywhere.

Matt slid to his knees and begged her to wake up. Just wake up. This was a bad dream and she was ok. Don't leave him, he couldn't live without her. But she was gone and there was no response. Another officer pulled him away, broken and sobbing. Randy tried to console him, putting his arms around Matt's shoulders, but he just pushed him to the ground. He no longer saw or heard anything. In a daze he walked the remaining miles home. At one point the first officer pulled up next to him and offered him a lift. After ten minutes of getting no response from Matt at all, he finally sighed and turned to car around to head back to the accident.

He got home and sat on the couch, telling himself that this wasn't real, and she was going to walk through that door at any moment. He stared at that door until sunrise. She never came.

People called, visitor's came by, he spoke to no one. Least of all Tiffany. Tier condolences ment nothing. It was his fault she was dead. If only's and blame consumed his every moment. He stopped sleeping. Matt's entire world crumbled in one night. Caused by one stupid mistake. Something he could have prevented.

******

One year later Matt had moved to another town in the next state. He got a new job. He had to get away from everything that reminded him of Jill. He made no new friends and stayed to himself as much as possible. Even now he still blamed himself, and couldn't get over loosing Jill. His phone was unlisted, but Tom an Shelly found it somehow. They called to the point of harassment, begging him to come down and visit. He needed to come to their party. It was time to let her go. Everyone missed him, blah blah blah. He finally agreed just so they would stop calling. He longed for his peace and quiet.

It was only a seven hour drive from where he lived, so he left at two. That would get him there by nine, and he could be out no later than midnight. Three hours max. He remembered loving October 31st, it had been his and Jill's favorite holiday out of the entire year. But today was the 31st, the one year anniversary of her death, and it still felt like it was just yesterday. Matt drove in silence the entire way. He didn't feel like music.

There was an accident on the highway causing a delay. But that was fine by him. That meant he'd be there by eight, right around sundown, and instead of three hours it would be just two. Even after all this time he still remembered the old country roads leading to Tom and Shelly's. Matt was running even later than he had anticipated and it was dark now. The trees were gloomy and ominous out here. Up ahead he spotted something white beside the road. As he neared he saw it was a woman in a thin white dress. It struck him as odd, but being a good Samaritan he pulled over and asked if she needed a ride. Without a word she climbed into the car and sat there.

"You know you'll catch your death of cold out here" he commented to her. No response. "Where can I take you?" he asked. The girl just pointed to take a left at the intersection. He nodded and put the car back into gear. He hated this place. This was where Jill had died. He drove slow so she could tell him where to go next, but she sat there like a statue. "Poor thing needs to see sunlight. She's way too pale" he thought. Although, he did note that she almost seemed to glow in the moonlight. His mind began to wonder back into memories of the past when he felt her hand touch his crotch. Her hands were cold, but he brushed it off to standing out in the chilly night with just this thin gown on. He politely asked her to remove her hand, but she didn't. Instead she unzipped his pants and began to rub his cock. Despite her hand being so cold, it began to harden. He was surprised. Matt hadn't been able to get a hard on at any time over the last year.
