 It was nearly noon on Halloween when my bedroom door burst open and Jenna charged through. She leaped onto my bed, landed square atop me, and shook me for all she was worth. "Wake up, wake up!" She shouted at me in her sweet raspy voice. I could hear her excitement easily, and her eagerness to wake me from one of the best wet dreams I had ever had. If only she knew how I truly felt for her, how much it meant to me to see her beautiful smiling face, and gorgeous dark eyes staring down at me when I first woke. But I could never tell her, that time had passed by over five years ago when her father married my mother. But that didn't stop the feelings I had for her, or keep me from dreaming about making love to her every night, at least I had that.

"Wake up Devon, wake up!" Jenna began to shake me harder as she sat atop me. I could feel the warmth of her precious sex rubbing, grinding into my quickly hardening rod. If I didn't soon respond to her verbally, I sure as hell would have been physically, and not in the way she was expecting. A couple more seconds of her pressing over top me and I would be at full mast, that she would not be able to miss.

"Devon..." 

"What, what is it Jenna?"

"I need you, Devon." She answered. God how long I had waited to hear those words come from her full pouty lips. Shame the meaning behind them was the wrong one.

"What?"

"I need you to give me a ride." Oh, could this be anymore of a tease to my growing libido and penis, or could this be it, had the time finally come that Jenna wanted me just as badly as I wanted her? "I'm suppose to meet Laura and Stacy at the mall in twenty minutes and my car won't start. I need you to give me a ride, please..." I knew it was to good to be true. I should have told her no, but I never could resist her, I loved her too much to ever say no.

I let out a brief sigh of disappointment. "Fine, let me get dressed and I'll take you."

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you!" She cooed, following each thank you with a peck on my cheek. Part of me wanted so badly to turn my head at just the right moment to catch one of those kisses on my lips.

"Okay, now let me get dressed." Since I was eleven I had slept naked and Jenna knew this, but still she always drug her feet when it came to leaving my room so I could get out of bed, and this day was no exception. Sometimes I honestly thought she wanted to catch a glimpse of what was hiding under my sheet, but she would always cover her eyes and dart from the room when I would get tired of waiting and flip the sheet off with her in the room.

It only took me a couple minutes to get dressed and make it down to my car. Jenna was already seated in the passenger seat, waiting.

"Come on, come on, hurry up Devon, I'm going to be late."

"Keep your panties on sis, I'm coming - it's not like Laura is going anywhere."

"You don't understand Devon. We are picking out our outfits for tonight."

"Oh I understand Jenna, believe me I do." I said turning the key in the ignition, bringing my car to life. "It's just a party for Christ sakes." I knew it was much more than just a party to Jenna. She had always been a bit of a loner. Her only real friends were Laura and myself. It wasn't that Jenna was an outcast or anything, she was just a little shy. Our parents could never understand it, she was a beautiful girl with a body that screamed future playmate of the year, but Jenna never seen herself that way.

"Not to me Devon, this is the night my life is going to change forever, you have know idea."

"I guess not." I didn't really, this party meant more to her than I had thought, so I was glad to give her a helping hand anyway I could, not to mention Laura was every bit as hot as Jenna, and I knew she liked me. Nothing had really been said between us, just looks in passing, but that was before she split with her boyfriend. This would be the first time I had seen her since the breakup, and may be my best chance at her.

Once we arrived at the mall Laura and Stacy immediately met us at the car. I have to admit they were both looking fine. As usual they were dressed similar, as most identical twins do, in skin tight black dresses that fell just below their secret places and plunged wide and deep to show off their equally round and perky breasts. They were petite, slim, with narrow waists and full hips, and know matter how hot their bodies were they paled in comparison to the exotic beauty of their faces, with their olive complexions, plump lips, dark eyes and raven hair that hung to the small of their backs. These two made Lucy Lu look like some has been hag. 

"Hay Devon." Laura cooed, leaning into my car window, gingerly blowing into my ear, swaying across in front of me, her lips just missing mine as they passed by each time.

"Come on Laura, knock it off." Jenna pleaded to her best friend, stepping out of my car and closing the door.

"Yeah, leave him alone sister..." Stacy commanded softly and even softer: "For now anyway."

"Thanks Devon, and sorry about that. She doesn't mean anything by it." Jenna told me as she leaned in through my window and kissed me on the cheek. I sat there and watched the three of them walk into the mall arm in arm in arm. Jenna didn't seem to quite fit in between them. The sisters in their skimpy black dresses, their silky black hair swaying back and forth across their tiny waists with each step, and between them walked sweet Jenna in her faded blue jeans with a hole warn through under the right rear pocket and both knees, a navy blue hooded sweatshirt covering all the rest of her luscious curves. Her honey brown hair bunched inside the hood as it flopped about on her back. No she didn't seem to fit at all, but what did I know. Once I watched them enter the double glass doors I went home for some more much needed sleep. Hoping I could catch my dream were I left off.

It seemed as if I had just gotten to sleep when I heard my mother calling me. I sat up, rubbed the fog from my eyes only to see my mother setting on the edge of my bed. Her one hand resting in her lap, the other on my thigh. Her hand was so close to my dick I was afraid to move.

"What, what is it mom?" I asked yawning.

"Devon, sweetie¾" She said in a strange, almost sensuous tone, her hand gently stroked my thigh. "I need to ask a big favor of you."

"A favor?" My voice started to shake, her hand barely missing the head of my cock. "What, what kind of favor?"

"I need you to take the girls out to the island tonight."

"Me, why me?"

"It has to be you Devon." She said quickly, then took a breath. "You are the only one I trust to do it."

I sat there staring at her for the longest time. The island was where the big Halloween Bash was being held, just as it had been for as long as I could remember. The only difference this year was that Jenna and her friends had been invited to participate. It had always been our parents only, no kids, no outsiders. 

"I wasn't even going to go."

"Oh, but you have to sweetie."

"Why, why do I have to go?"

"Because you are the guest of honor this year."

"I'm what? Why?"

"That is a long story Devon, a very long story. All I can say for now is that it is very important that you are there tonight, and play your role."

"I have a role, a role in what?"

"Well that you will have to show up to find out want you." She rubbed my thigh, this time her stroke crossed my cock causing it to twitch. She smiled down at me and patted her hand, each pat landed flatly atop my swelling head. I wasn't in the least turned on by my mom, but my cock had a mind of its own, and when a warm hand touched it, it sprang into action automatically. "Don't worry sweetie, you'll have plenty of use for that later ¾ I promise." She then stood and walked out of my room as if nothing had happened at all.

I decided to take a shower and think this all over. I wasn't in the shower more than five minutes when I heard a familiar voice call my name. I peeked out the curtain to find Cindy Morgan standing in my private bathroom. Now Cindy was the daughter of one of mom's oldest friends. She was very cute with a round face and bright blue eyes that seemed to have electricity lighting them from behind. She had cropped blonde hair and was not any taller than Jenna, but she was a bit heavier, not fat, just pleasantly plump I guess you would say. She had huge tits, and a nice round ass, and I was about to find out just how nice.

"Cindy, what are you doing here?"

"I'm here for you Devon." She said softly, her voice smooth and sweet like honey. She stepped forward, lifted her arms above her head, removing her top as she did. All I could do was stare. Her large tits stood high on her chest, firm and round, not at all what I had expected. Her nipples were small in comparison, but were completely hard and swollen. They were the most glorious shade of pink. I was also surprised to see how firm and toned her belly was, there was nearly an ounce of fat on this girl. Her waist sunk in deep, then smoothly rounded out to full, tone hips. She gave me a smile and bent over enough to drop her jeans to the floor. I couldn't believe my eyes as they traced up her body from where her jeans piled around her tiny feet. Her legs were every bit as firm as her belly, including her thighs, which were thick and muscular. My eyes stopped their exploration of golden tan flesh when their vision filled with Cindy's small, well groomed, golden mound of hair. It was so well trimmed that I could already see the soft pink of her outer lips. "You like what you see Devon?"

I was speechless, I nodded that I did. Cindy closed in on me, stepped into the shower and took my already hard cock into her small delicate hands. Her skin was smooth and her touch gentle as she stroked my length with one hand and caressed my balls with the other. Without letting go she pushed her body into mine, her hard nipples poking me just above my belly. Cindy quickly licked the tip of my right nipple, then sucked it into her mouth. She licked and nibbled on it for a few seconds before moving over to the other one. Again only playing with it a few seconds before moving on. This time up to kiss my neck, working her way slowly to my lips. Once there she pressed her lips to mine and kissed me hard. Soon she was forcing her tongue into my mouth, exploring me from the inside. My god she tasted so good.

After a few minutes she tired of kissing and lowered herself to her knees. She licked the tip of my cock, tasting the pre-cum that she had worked out. "Mmmm," She said with a sigh. She squeezed my balls tight in her fist, opened her mouth wide and swallowed the head of my cock. She sucked on it hard, licking the underside of my engorged head. Slowly she began to slide her lips down my shaft, inch by inch until she reached the base and her button nose was pressed firmly into my pelvis. She held my full length in her mouth and throat for what seemed a long time, not moving. The heat of her mouth and the sight of my cock plunged all the way into her as it was had me on the brink. She seemed to know this and is why she held me in this position. The moment I felt the rush of orgasm I also felt her grip on my balls tighten, squeezing me at the base and stopping the flow of cum in its tracks. The rush of orgasm still flowed through my body and cock, but was not allowed to release.

As my body began to relax, Cindy slowly slid up and off my cock, stared up at my with a smile, holding my cock next to her lips. "Now you can go for awhile." And then took me back into her mouth. Down she went all the way to the base, the moment I felt my head bury deep in her throat she slid back up to my head. Licking and sucking it hard. Then back down she went. Up and down, faster and faster Cindy's head bobbed on my cock, until I thought I was going to burst again. She stopped long enough to give me another smile and then quickly went back to it. This time as she bobbed up and down my shaft she released my balls from her grasp and slide her hand between my legs and began to circle my asshole with her finger. The quicker her head bobbed the faster her finger rubbed until she poked her way in, driving her finger all the way into my virgin ass.

"Oh, shit..." I squealed. This only enticed her more.

Cindy stopped her motion on my cock, holding my head firmly in her mouth between her teeth. She sucked hard and nibbled at my cut foreskin as she began to piston her finger in and out of my ass. Faster and faster, harder and harder her finger drove in and out of me until it felt as if her fist was pounding into me. It wasn't long before she had a second finger and then a third inside me. She drove me hard for awhile and then would stop to feel around inside me, playing with my prostate and whatever else she could find. To my surprise I again was on the verge of orgasm, my cock was bouncing around and jerking in her mouth like crazy. Cindy took its cue and began to suck me hard, and finger fuck my ass even harder. It wasn't four seconds of this total all out fucking that I shot my first load down her throat. She quickly swallowed, never stopping her ass pounding, but actually picking up speed and force. By the time I shot my forth and final load of cum into her mouth, I though her entire fist was going to force its way in my ass. Strange enough that prospect didn't scare me, but sent me into a second orgasm. This one she wasn't ready for. 

Cindy had released my cock from her talented mouth to catch her breath, so when I started shooting my second round, the first load splattered right between her eyes. When it hit it startled her and she jerked back, nearly falling, and in response she thrust her hands up, including the one in my ass, and low and behold it she did sink her entire fist into my rectum. I let out a scream that was a pure mix of pain and ecstasy, and splattered her entire face with my cum, five more loads in all. She carefully removed her hand from my ass and I dropped to the shower floor, staring up at her cum soaked face. Cindy smiled down at me, wiped some of my cum from her face, then licked her fingers clean.

"Mmmm, I could do this all day." She cooed lowering her wet pussy down on my softening cock. "But now it's my turn to get off." She dropped hard down on me, driving me deep into her in one quick motion. She rocked slowly until she could feel my cock responding. As my cock grew harder so did her movements, until she was riding me every bit as hard as she had fucked my ass. Her hips rocked and grinded into me until I felt her body tense. Cindy arched her back, threw her head back, biting her bottom lip.

"Oh yes..." She shouted, bucking up and down on my cock, her pussy beating against my pelvis and thick shaft. "Oh yea, oh yea, oh god yea, yea, yessssssss" She screamed as I felt the gush of her woman cum surge down and around my cock. "Cum with me Devon, cum with me..." 

"I don't think I can." I told her, barely able to catch enough breath for the words.

"Oh yes you can." She said reaching behind her and ramming three fingers back up my ass. The feel of her inside me and me inside her was all it took, she was right, I could and I did, that was when everything went black.

When I woke I was laying in a room lit by candles, lots of candles that lined the walls. I laid in the center of the room on a cold floor that felt like concrete. My arms and legs were spread out to my sides and held with small leather straps around my ankles and wrists. I was naked except for a small black cloth that laid over my cock. I was about to yell out when my mother entered the room, followed by Laura and Stacy's mother. Both wore long red robes. They knelt down on either side of me, setting on their knees.

"Devon, don't be afraid." My mother said, placing a hand on my bare chest. "No one is going to hurt you."

"Oh heavens no," Laura's mom said, placing a hand on my thigh. "You are the vessel to enlightenment, we love you, and need you."

"What! What the hell are you talking about? Mom?"

"Relax sweetie. This is your destiny, if you will accept it. So please listen to me carefully and then you can make your decision."

"Do I have to be tied up and naked for the explanation mom?"

"Sorry but it is best to leave you as you are, at least for now. So anyway I guess I should start with what we are and where we are. This is our coven Devon. Me and my sisters are part of an ancient order that worships the true creator of this world. We are daughters of the Goddess. This coven is the last of the true covens of the daughters and it will die out soon if the newest daughters are not taken on their path to see and meet the Goddess and receive her power and enlightenment. You Devon, my son are the only vessel to carry them up this path into the spiritual realm. It has to be you, my son to do this magnificent thing. All you need to do is give yourself freely to the coven, your mind, soul, and body, and this can be achieved."

"That's all I have to do. Are you crazy!"

"It's not as bad as it sounds Devon. Do you remember Cindy?"

"Cindy?"

"How it felt when she made you cum, even when you didn't think you could. That is what you will feel again and again as the new daughters use your body to reach out with their minds and connect with the Goddess. Five times you will feel that pleasure and fly higher than you could ever imagine. So what do you say Sweetie, will you fulfill your destiny and mine? Will you keep the coven alive, or let it die with us?"

"I'm not so sure about this mom, but if it is that important to you then I guess I'll do it."

"Good, good. Then we shall begin soon. Try to relax as the daughters are prepared.

"Relax, yeah right. Hay aren't you going to untie me now?"

"Oh, sorry sweetie I can't. You are not allowed to touch the daughters during this holy experience. Only they can touch you and each other."

"Oh great, now you tell me, shit."

Laura's mom reached a cup to my lips. "Here drink this it will help you relax and get prepared for the coming task." She said, tilting the cup to my lips for me to drink its contents. The next thing I knew I heard chanting off in the distance and the room was empty.

The chanting soon became louder, and the dark doorway past my feet started to flicker with light. A moment later my mother entered the room, leading the rest of the coven. Three women dressed in similar long red robes followed her in, as they lowered their hoods I recognized each one of them. They were all of mom's old friends, her only friends really. Then more chanting started and five more women entered the room one at a time. Each of them in the same type of red robe only theirs were split up the sides with only a gold chord tied at the waist holding them in place. I could see each of their legs and the side of their asses and breasts as they passed by me. Each of them also wore a golden mask that covered their faces around their eyes and over their noses. Only their lips, chins, and hair were not concealed. The five woman surrounded me, one at each foot, at each hand, and one at my head. 

My mother stepped forward, raised her hands above her head, arms spread wide. Each of the five knelt down on their knees. "Oh heavenly Goddess hear me, your faithful daughter. Shine your light down on theses five, give them the path to your holy sight."

"Hear us Holy Mother." The others chanted.

"Grant these five daughters of your daughters all your wisdom."

"Hear us Holy Mother."

"Grant these five sister flight using this son and brother as their vessel."

"Hear us Holy Mother."

"Let the power of this night, the night of the birth of your daughter Autumn. Grant my son the power to take them on this journey."

"Hear us Holy Mother."

"Show us who shall take my lead."

"Hear us Holy Mother, hear us."

