 This is my first story I've ever written. I also wrote it in a matter of hours, so please be gentle. If it has potential, I will edit and repost an updated version.

* around phrases indicates thoughts or shared thoughts.

Thanks for reading!

*****

I sat at the bar, swirling my drink over ice. People tell me tequila is for shots, but hell, I love it regardless. I swirled again and downed the rest, then set it on the coaster. The bartender walked toward another customer, nodding to me as I tapped on the bar for another. She was cute, a little older. I think she had worked here when I was a regular.

This bar was my favorite, it hadn't changed since I was slightly younger and crazier. In an hour or so there'd be no room to sit, the place would be packed with college kids. Who gave a fuck if it was Tuesday, this town knows how to party.

I don't live here anymore, although sometimes I wish I did. The college life was the life for me. Not to say that I'm not happy with myself now. I have a great job, the flat I live in is in a hot area, I have plenty of friends. And the women in my life are great. I live in this generation where everyone is terrified of commitment, which has its perks. I have a few casual flings, and all of them are mutual. I indulge in the occasional black-out drunk hookup as well.

The truth is I felt a little old sitting in this bar. It was the type of place that could make a guy of 26 feel old. I hadn't been here in maybe three years; the last time my ex and I had gotten so drunk we slept in the grass at a nearby park.

I was here to meet someone I had matched with on Tinder. She was a grad student, finishing up her PhD or something. Her bio was a little risqué, something about loving to dance and make bad decisions when she wasn't serious about her work. I liked the sound of it; she sounded quite a bit like myself. We had agreed to meet here to drink ourselves a little silly, then continue to a quieter bar with an older crowd.

Of course, a gentleman always starts a little early to avoid getting his date drunker than himself.

I knocked the second drink back as the girl walked in the bar. She was honestly very pretty. Too pretty for me, but, hey, I'd never let her know I thought that. She had long legs, covered with skin-tight black denim. She had black heels on, with random straps crossing her feet to hold them on. The straps continued up her legs to her knees; the shoes looked expensive, and extraordinarily sexy. Her top stopped just below the waist of her pants, a flat, tan stomach barely showing. Her shirt was loose, a deep V cut into the back, almost like she did it herself. A smaller V found itself down the front, teasing the perky tits that hung beneath. They weren't big, large B or small C cups. Her dark brown hair, curled at the ends, fell down her back and framed her cleavage, the longest strands reaching the edge of her shirt.

Her face...

Her face was something else. She had high cheekbones, a thin, delicate nose, and thick, full lips. My stomach fluttered as she smiled at me, recognizing my (slightly less attractive) face. Her teeth were pearl white and straight as could be. As she strolled closer I smiled as well. I ordered two shots of tequila, feigning confidence. As she sat I noticed her eyes. They were green, so green. Her makeup highlighted all of these features; her glare was smoldering hot. I never wanted to look away.

*Fuck*, I realized she was talking. My eyes aren't quite interesting enough to halt all conversation.

"...nice to meet you, too. Nick." I jumped into the conversation. Luckily Nadia didn't notice. And luckily I had enough sense to hear her name. "I've got the first round ordered up."

"Oh, yay!" she beamed. Her voice was expressive, and her smile lit me up once again. "I love shots," she winked.

"Who doesn't," I laughed, nervously. 

She smiled again, rolling her eyes. "I've met a few, never could trust them though."

We laughed and joked for the next hour or so. She was so light-hearted, she obviously didn't take much very seriously. I liked it. And damnit, everytime she looked at me her eyes made me melt. We continued to drink.

"You know, I've got a game we could play," she teased. "But its very naughty."

I was taken aback at first, but then I reminded myself of her attitude. She's been flirty all night, and she likes to make bad decisions. "Well hit me with it," I smiled. "Just don't be upset when I win."

She giggled and looked at the bartender. "Okay. We take shots. After each shot, we each get to choose somewhere to kiss the other."

Her eyes lit up at my smile, "and the first person to back out buys the shots". She stuck her tongue out at me. Oh god, of course it was pierced.

Speaking of whom, thank you for bringing this wonderful creature into my life.

"Well I don't see myself backing out, love," I smiled.

"Cheers."

We downed the shots. Before I opened my eyes I felt her lips on mine. I could taste the tequila, I could taste it on her lips. Her tongue slipped along my lips as her hands came to rest on my knees. She gently bit my lower lip and pulled, letting go as she sat back.

I opened my eyes to see her looking back at me. Man she was hot.

"Your turn," she smirked.

I leaned into her neck, close enough to hear her breath in my ear.

"Here," I whispered, as I gently kissed the side of her neck. I nuzzled my nose against her, and gently licked where I kissed. She sighed. And began to nibble on my earlobe.

Wow, that felt good. Really good.

She breathed into my ear, "next round".

We pulled away from each other, smiling. She ordered the next round, her hand roaming along my thigh. I placed my hand around her shoulders and she pressed against me.

We played like this for another two or three shots, each kiss becoming more and more wanting, and hands roaming where they shouldn't in a public place.

I was quite drunk at this point. A perfect gentleman. She was beginning to bob as she talked. We were on the same page.

"So I told you I don't live up here anymore," I fished, "I live closer to the city." 

"So you have, why bring it up again?" she asked.

"I'm pretty drunk, I'll have to leave my car up here if I take an Uber home..." I was being quite obvious at this point.

She wasn't one for pleasantries. "Well just come sleep over. You can grab your car in the morning." She smiled at me again as our eyes both lit up. We both wanted it, we both knew it.

"Let's get the fuck out of here." I laid cash on the bar and stood up behind her, my hands cupping her arms. She grabbed her purse and stood, looking at me like I had just kicked a puppy. A look of disgust.

I was dumbfounded, *what the fuck...*

Her face broke into that heart-melting smile. "Lighten up dude." She grabbed my hand and pulled me behind her, making for the door.

As we stepped outside she turned and kissed me, her hands rubbing my crotch. Her tongue swirled around mine, the piercing felt cold against my tongue.

"It's a short walk," she winked. Then led me away from the bar.

The walk was short. It was filled mostly with intermittent kissing and groping. She teasingly squeezed my ass, so I returned the favor. We entered an apartment building and stepped into the elevator, she pressed the button for the sixth floor.

She turned to look at me, showing me that smile. She moved close to me, gently nibbling my collarbone through my shirt. I placed my hand around her lower back and grabbed her hand, pulling her close to me like in a dance. Her hand teased at my belt. As my cock grew hard, she began to grip and rub it through my jeans. Her finger traced along the tip, her nose and lips brushed against my Adam's apple.

The door opened to her floor and she spun around. She walked quickly out of the elevator, her thin hips and round ass swaying with every step. I stepped to follow her perfect walk; she looked back at me and gave me one last smile as she approached her door, her eyes connecting with mine.

She opened the door and held it open for me. As I walked in I could smell sweet perfume., she strode past me and told me to make myself at home. Combined with the alcohol, the perfume made me light-headed; I bumped into the wall and leaned against it for support. She reappeared from the kitchen with a glasses of red wine, holding one out for me. 

"Do you like to party?" she asked slyly. I nodded as she pulled a small baggy of powder from her bra. She dipped her pinky into it and placed a small mound on her tongue, then kissed me again, forcing her tongue on mine. I tasted it. It tasted like pure gasoline. 

"It's molly." She pulled away, eyes boring into mine. They were so dilated, there was hardly any green left to them. She poured the rest of the powder into the two glasses, gave me a smirk, then pulled me toward her room.

As we entered she turned around, and teasingly raised her glass to my lips. She tipped it, slowly having me down the whole thing. She took mine in her hand, and did the same.

She pressed her body against mine, her crotch rubbing against my thigh, her tits pressing just below my chest. "I want to play another game," she sighed.

I looked at her, all sense of hesitation gone from my mind. Drunk, rolling, and in love (I think) I smiled and tore my shirt off. I kissed her and pulled her shirt off, her tan body stretching as she reached back to take off her bra. Her tits were perky and a perfect handful. Her nipples were small and dark. They were hardening with the cool air.

*Ooohhhh the air...*

I could feel the effects of the drugs. Everything was so alive, my nerve endings felt every sensation. Every little change in air pressure and temperature. As she removed my shoes, I felt every single strand of carpet beneath my feet. She knelt in front of me, rubbing my cock beneath my jeans. Her hands pulled my belt away, unzipping my pants. She removed my jeans and underwear slowly, letting my cock pull downward and bounce back up in front of her face.

She smiled as she took the base in one hand, the other roaming to unbutton her own jeans. She kissed the very tip, licking around the head. She licked her lips and rubbed them just below the head. She took me into her mouth; I leaned back and sat against her dresser, my head resting against a mirror behind me. She bobbed up and down, her tongue sliding along my underside. She looked up at me as she moved back up to the tip, and removed it from her mouth with a pop. She smiled.

"Do you like that my love?"

I groaned before I could answer as she dove on me again, taking me all the way down her throat. Her tongue reached out and licked my balls. I could almost feel it behind my balls, tickling my perineum. Her tongue felt so long, it wrapped up behind my balls, coaxing me to thrust myself deeper down her throat.

She moaned removed her mouth from my cock again, leaving it shining and dripping with her spit. The drugs felt incredible, my cock almost felt like it was tingling, anywhere she touched was tingling. My nerve endings felt overloaded, similar to the feeling of pins and needles in your feet, but pure pleasure.

She stood and removed her jeans and panties, revealing her thin hips and waist. Her pussy matched her dark nipples in color. 

She was so wet it was dripping...

Dripping...

Neon pink drops were slowly rolling down her leg, and leaving streaks behind on her perfect tan skin.

*What the fuck is that?*

I opened my mouth to ask if she was okay. I raised my hand to point. She took my wrist in her own hands and gently sucked on my finger, licking my palm as she removed it. She placed my hand on her back and pressed into me again, licking my neck.

"I want to tie you to my bed love," she caressed my sides and my thighs as she continued to lick and nibble at my neck and chest.

"Wait are you ok-" I began.

"Shhh," she interrupted me. "Just feel me baby."

She pulled my cock between her legs, rubbing her pussy along the top of the shaft. I gasped at the sudden intimate contact, the molly still making every inch of touch turn to pure ecstasy.

"Don't you... ughhh... don't you love it." She moaned into my ear.

My cock felt full, like all the blood in my body had drained to it. I couldn't help but feel the need to cum.

She continued to rock her hips against me, her hand holding the head of my cock from behind her ass. I looked down to see her dialated green eyes looking back. I looked past her face, down to where my cock disappeared and reappeared beneath her labia. My dick was dripping with the same pink fluid on her legs, and-

Oh god-

I felt the fluid slowly creep toward the base of my cock, it began to drip down my balls. It left tingling sensations along each streak as it dripped, wetting my legs and the floor beneath me. The liquid felt... alive. Every second I stood I felt more of it coating me, changing me, pushing me into overdrive. My cock was ready to burst.

"Enjoy it darling." Her words oozed of sex. I looked back to her from her slow rubbing, back to her eyes. They flared as I made eye contact, her green irises exploding with small streaks of red and pink. She smiled, I felt her hand begin to close and twist around the head of my cock, coating it in the pink juices.

Each drop that fell from the tip to the floor felt like a small orgasm, the smallest sensation offering the sweetest rapture. I felt her tease the liquid to the opening at the head of my cock, and I felt it begin to flow inside of me. Down, into my balls, if flowed through my balls and expanded throughout my entire body. I felt it in my prostate, as it quivered and clenched, a strange orgasm crashing through my abdomen with no evidence from my cock. I felt the pink liquid enter my blood, it began to sear into all of my blood vessels. I looked again at my cock, the veins in it slowly blackening as I felt this goddesses' poison flowing into me. I looked at my arms, seeing the same horror, and felt it traveling up my neck and into my mind.

I stood there, trembling, unable to process what was happening. She ceased her ministrations on my cock and stepped back, smiling that sweet, heart-melting smile at me. "Come to me."

Although it was an order, it sounded like nothing except the sweetest request in the world, from the most wonderful creature in the world. I would do anything for this wonderful deity.

I stepped slowly to her. She wrapped her hands around my cock and slowly pumped. Flashing me her smile. The innocence, sweetness, and kindness remained in the smile. But my thoughts had run too far from me to realize this as disguise.

She pulled me to her bed by my cock, and slowly pushed me to my back. 

"Maybe restraint is unnecessary? Yes, I think you're happy right where you are. Right my love?" She rubbed my tip against her clit, I felt it harden and grow against my cock. More juices ran to my balls, soaking into my skin and lighting my nerves on fire. My blackened veins bulged in my cock as more blood flowed from my heart to the only part of my body it cared about.

"You can feel my venom feeling and slithering within every inch of you, can't you? From your toes...ahhh..." her labia felt alive, sucking and kissing the underside of my cock, "to your mind." I felt her pussy slurping the pink juice on my cock, like a wet kiss.

"You can tell me to stop. If you do not desire this, you only have to ask."

I didn't hear her. My mind was twisting, collapsing on itself, corrupted by her being and her false love.

"No...stop..." I exhaled, "don't..."

"Don't stop" I breathed. "Please. I love you."

She squealed in delight. "Give yourself to me, and love me with all that is left of your heart."

Her pussy sucked on the tip of my cock, more of the pink liquid coating and entering me. The tip was sucked inside, and she sank down to the base, her labia continuing to suck my member until it felt like she would suck all of my being inside of her. She arched her back and stretched her arms above her head. Black, pink-tipped wings sprouted from her back, stretching the full width of the room. A black tail, the pink tip as sharp as a syringe, grew from just above her ass, extending from her spine. Fangs grew from the top and bottom rows of her teeth as she forced her loving smile upon my eyes, a single curled, pink horn stretching from her forehead.

My eyes grew wide. I looked upon this evil creature with absolute adoration.

She began to ride me very slowly, the suction and grip of her labia pumping more and more blood to the tip of my cock. I could see the pink fluid leaking down my cock and pooling beneath my balls, slowly flowing into my ass.

I felt a strange probing at my ass, pushing into me.

*Feel and accept all of me, my love*. Her thoughts echoed within my own mind. *Give me all that you are, and I promise more pleasure than you can possibly imagine.*

I relaxed and felt her tail slither past my anus, deep into me. I squirmed and moaned in pain.

*Shhhh, I do not offer you pain, only pleasure.* Her words crept into my mind, caressing me. I felt an intense orgasm in my brain, although none physically occurred.

The sharp end of the tail punctured into my prostate. I watched as her tail pumped something toward its end, toward my ass.

*Feel my venom, my love. It is concentrated, I made it just for you, just for your cock, just for your ass. It will change you, it will make you mine*.

I felt as it entered my prostate like an injection, enlarging it. It swelled and contracted over and over, pushing cum into my balls. I felt small orgasms within my perineum, my anus shuddering with pleasure. I felt my balls begin to swell as more and more cum flowed to them.

Her tail continued to pump venom into my body, and I continued to produce more and more cum for my goddess.

*Love, are you ready for me? I will take you, and you will be forever mine.*

"Yes..." I moaned, my voice horse. "Yes..."

She sat on my cock, her labia sucking down around my balls.

*Do you understand what I offer?*

"Take me!" I finally yelled. "PLEASE!"

*If you wish it, my love.*

I felt an attack from her insides. Sweet, thin tendrils slowly extended from her pussy walls, their sharp heads boring into my cock, entering my bloodstream and traveling into my balls. I felt them tug on my balls, my body bucked further into the soft heaven she offered. I felt the tendrils extend further, into my prostate, wrapping around it and squeezing until nothing was left. They traveled into my organs, pulling life from every inch of me by means beyond this realm of understanding. They pushed into my mind, rewiring the way I think, perceive, and believe, reprogramming me for nothing but love of my new goddess. Reprograming me to replace any and all senses and emotion with pleasure. They found their way into my heart, and pushed the rest of my blood to my cock.

I writhed in pleasure. Her body grinded against me, her pussy shuddering in orgasm after orgasm, drenching me in her sweet venom. I felt a thicker tendril tickle the opening at the head of my cock, and slowly wriggle its way inside. I felt it bore halfway into my shaft, and I moaned in pleasure as small teeth hooked into the walls of my urethra. I looked one last time at her beautiful face, then to my swollen cock.

*We are bonded in every way now. I will take what is mine, and you will be mine forever. Feel me, feel my beautiful body take all that you are, both physically and spiritually. You are mine, my beautiful boy. You have nothing to fear, I will always love you.*

She placed her hands on my chest, her eyes boring into mine. The green was gone, but the red and pink had enamored me more that the green ever could. She placed her hands on my chest and it began to glow, pink like her venom. My heart began to race; I could feel it about to explode. Her nails dug into my chest as she lowered her face to my neck, her fangs slowly biting into my veins.
