 The Legend goes that Julie was a Saxon princess at the time of the Viking invasion. She and the rest of the Royal Family watched the longboats row up the estuary and the hordes of warriors run up the beach where they were met by the valiant defenders who were all savagely and swiftly slaughtered.

The Vikings captured Princess Julie and her parents and younger sister and imprisoned them; the three women suffered terrible indignities at the hands of the uncouth invaders but the brave Princess Julie hatched a plan to save the lives of her family. She dropped her robe and stood naked before the Viking chieftain and his inner circle. As they stared transfixed by the beauties of her lithe, young body Julie said that she would willingly pleasure the Vikings if they let her family live unmolested. She swayed and showed off her charms and promised that her unmarked white body would give them undreamed of pleasures of the sort which they could never know if they simply took her by force as if she were a common peasant.

Of course the lusts of the Vikings made their decision for them and they agreed to her terms. Her horrified family had witnessed her parley with the invaders and they were led away in chains to guarantee that the young princess kept her word.

And so every morning the King and Queen and the young princess who was Julie's younger sister were led out in their chains so that Julie could see that they were alive and unmarked. After this demonstration she would have to keep her word and satisfy any of the Vikings who came to her.

Of course Julie's family were all in great distress at what their sweet and modest girl was doing for them especially as they were sometimes forced to watch her pleasuring the Norsemen but, as chained captives, they had no influence or say in what befell. We can only imagine what tortures of the mind the family endured every day locked in their prison and imagining what the sweet princess was doing to protect them. Every day and every night the camp echoed to the shouts and lustful exclamations of the Vikings and to the screams and moans of young Julie as she went about her life saving work of degrading her sweet self. 

Before the invasion Julie had been unspoilt and untouched so it can only have been by supernatural means that she suddenly became such an accomplished seductress. But, however it was brought about, the girl used every part of her slim body and her many hidden and intimate muscles to satisfy brutish male lusts in infinite ways which they had never known before. She knew just when to hold back so that their sexual tensions reached almost unbearable levels of torture and then she poured herself out using every orifice of her sweet body to satisfy them and satisfy them again and again.

The young heroine was hardly ever allowed to sleep as she spent every day and every night giving her body to the warriors. The chieftain and his closest favourites were favoured with time alone to enjoy the young princess but the common uncultured warriors took her three or four or five at a time and no-one ever went away unsatisfied.

Of course Julie's sweet young form could not endure this torment and hard use indefinitely. Before the invasion her hardest work had been painting the peaceful scenes of the green forests and quiet watery inlets of her beautiful homeland and she had known nothing at all of the lusts and demands of men. And so her passing came one dark night as she lay naked in the open before the campfire with the light of the flames dancing on her flesh. It must have been a vision of Hades itself as she lay prone on the ground with her long slim legs splayed beneath a monster of a grunting warrior who was satiating his bestial lusts in the girl who had so recently been an unspoilt pure maiden.

Julie gave a quiet moan as her small heart simply burst and she lay still, used up and spent with her last abuser still inside her. The Saxon princess had won the awe and respect of the men whose lusts had ended her short life and they gave her a true Viking funeral set adrift on the sheltered waters of The Solent in a blazing longship which they believed carried her to an eternity of satisfying the lusts of fallen warriors.

But even now Julie was still driven to protect her family and her soul did not fly from the burning ship to any Viking eternity; instead it floated back to the camp where the warriors soon became aware of her presence.

The princess whom they had defiled now wreaked her terrible vengeance and she flitted from man to man tormenting them with unspeakable visions of hell and howling into their very minds vivid descriptions of what she would do to their bodies and in particular to their vitals and their bloated sexual members. Just as they had allowed her no sleep now Julie ensured that no man in the camp ever slept or rested. They could never find peace from her torments and men ran through the camp with their hands clamped to their heads trying in vain to shut out her invasions of their minds. Just as they had raped her sweet body now she raped their minds as her spirit fingers delved inside their skulls filling them with horrors which no man had ever imagined before or since. 

None of the warriors were capable of fighting or doing anything apart from rolling on the ground and trying in vain to shut out the terrible scenes filling their minds. In the end they could do nothing but flee in their ships back to their homeland desperately hoping that the Saxon princess would not come with them. Some of the Vikings wanted to kill Julie's family in revenge but their chieftain decreed that not a hair of their heads be touched as he feared what Julie would do if her family were harmed.

And so it was that this corner of England was never held by the invaders. The King and Queen ruled justly and, in her turn, Princess Emily took the crown which would have been Julie's. The name of Princess Julie was forever venerated in those parts and they say that, on quiet nights when there is no wind, you can still hear the peaceful sighs of Princess Julie as she enjoys the peace of the land which is forever hers.