 I had been told a few tales about strange happenings in one of the buildings at this factory. I had just laughed to myself, figuring it was over active imaginations. 

I never really believed in that sort of thing. I will admit there are mysteries in the world, but most are solved eventually. That was until a warm August evening.

This particular night I was working the 11 PM to 7 AM shift. I wasn't originally planning on going on patrol this morning, but when Lt. Gibson twisted her ankle tripping down the steps I didn't have much of a choice. It was a little humorous watching her trying to hobble across the parking lot. Eventually she made it to the shack and took a seat. Of course, I had to run to get her some ice.

She's not really a bad person to work with, but she is a little strange. For one thing she's very young for a Lieutenant, twenty-six. She wears a long red wig, the reason I know it's a wig was because I caught her one night when she was trying to adjust it. She's completely bald. In fact she doesn't have any hair at all. She's also very thin and married to a man about forty years older than her. Some guards around here think she's a man. Only because of a scar on her neck where a man's Adam's apple would be.

I know different only because a few weeks ago she came back from her patrol very excited. Her heart was racing and she was breathing heavy. Without a word she turned off all the lights and took off her clothes. She came at me like a woman possessed and we spent the next hour having sex. Her skin and even her breath were cold to the touch. When she was satisfied she stood up and got dressed. Without saying word, she walked out. After about thirty minutes she came returned, as silent as ever and didn't mention anything about what had happened. In fact, at one point she even yelled at me, which was normal, when I got up and began to get my stuff together for the ride home.

"What are you doing?"

"Ahh, getting ready to leave."

"It's only 5am. You can't leave yet. "

"You better get your watch fixed. It's fifteen till seven."

She finally looked at the clock and mumbled something about losing an hour somewhere. We never mentioned the night of passion; it was like it never happened.

This night it was my turn to walk, even after I did my five-mile run in the afternoon. The beginning went very quiet, nothing out of the ordinary. That was until I got to building 29. This was a four-story building that used to contain a lot of offices. Now, since the layoffs, it remained empty except for the bottom floor. For some unknown reason we still had to walk it daily.

As I entered the stairwell to head up to the top floor I heard a noise above me. I knew I was in here alone; everyone had left about eight hours ago.

"It must be another raccoon."

As I got to the top floor I reached to open the door. As I touched it, I yanked my hand away. The knob was cold to the touch. It was the middle of August and 90 degrees outside. Even the door was cold to the touch. Quickly I opened it and entered the empty floor. 

The coldness of the room made me shiver as I pulled out my 3-cell magnum light and swept the area with it. The first thing I noticed out of the ordinary was the light fog that seemed to cover the entire floor. The temperature of this room compared to outside was causing condensation to form on the walls, which in turn made the fog seem to swirl.

My beam caught something else, on the other side of the room. A shadow suddenly cut though the beam. It didn't have much of a shape to it. I just saw a blur. It was enough to make me jump.

I thought I should let Lt. Gibson know. Pulling out my handy two-way radio I keyed up to contact the Center. Nothing happened, no beep, no lost signal or busy tone. When I shined my light on it the screen was lit up, the signal strength was fine. It just didn't want to broadcast.

The room was getting colder the further I went in. I assumed that some practical joker snuck in here last shift and cranked up the AC. We had enough of them working here.

When I made back to the closet where the AC was I noticed it was already turned off.

"What the fuck!"

Then something happened that that made me jump again. First, I heard whispering, faint, soft and incomprehensible. I turned around and shinned my light so it momentarily split the darkness. I could still hear the whisper and it seemed to be close. When something cold and moist touched my cheek I actually backed up into the wall.

"Wha..."

As I began to push myself forward something pressed against me, cold and unyielding. The harder I pushed the more forcefully I was pushed back. I couldn't move at all as I felt what seemed like the air going under my clothing, caressing my body. All I heard were mumbled whispers that almost sounded like singing.

As I tried to move again I was shoved harder this time. My head hit the wall hard as I fell to the floor.

I must have passed out for an instant because as I came to my shirt was laying open, baring my chest. The strangest thing was that my pants were pulled down around my knees.

When I tried to get up something cold pushed me back. I felt cold tendrils, like fingers, moving across my chest, and then they traveled down towards my crotch. Even as cold as the touch was I was getting a reaction. As I felt it softly take my now swollen member, I inhaled, smelling apples.

There was a grove of them right outside the building, but the windows were closed.

Again, something cold and moist was covering my stiffness. As it stroked me I could feel the pressure holding me down beginning to relax. When I moved my hands down I felt something familiar, like a person's head. My hands even became entangled in strands of hair.

I felt myself start to cum as the stoking stopped. The pressure holding me slowly dissipated. When I opened my eyes the fog around me coalesced into a form. As it swirled above me it became an undefined female. I wasn't frightened, just confused. She was standing over me, legs spread as I sat up. One wispy tendril of fog reached for my bare chest. The touch so cold it took my breath away.

She lowered herself onto me, her softness surrounding me, traveling up and down my hard shaft. I thrust deeper into the barely formed fog above me, solid, yet clear. I felt what might have been her cold breath on my lips as they touched mine, softly at first and then rough. Something pulled at my bottom lip. It had to be a kiss, sensual, all-consuming, as I pumped harder. Her form became more solid as the passion increased. I put my arms around her and forced myself deeper into her while she buried her face into my shoulder. I felt daggers, maybe teeth, digging into my neck.

Finally, I came inside her, as the apparition continued to ride my rod. Her head went back; I could finally make her out in the glow of an orgasm. Locks of dark red hair flowed over her thin shoulders. The face was peaceful, at rest. Deep green eyes helped bring out the thin, aquiline face. The lips were a bright blood red. Suddenly the real body I saw in front of me shivered for a few seconds and then dissipated.

When she was completely gone I just sat there; watching as the fog around me disappeared, slowly fading as I felt the temperature in the room rising.

My radio screaming at me woke me from my trance.

"Go ahead, this is Mueller."

"Where the fuck are you?" It was Lt. Gibson.

"I'm in building 29, 4th floor. Is everything okay?"

Gibson was quiet for a moment then talked very slow with a forced calmness. I knew she was pissed. "You've been gone for over two hours! What the hell have you been doing? Sleeping!"

"No, I was checking something out. I thought I heard something." I was hoping she would buy that. She sometimes is your typical blonde, but with the temperament of a red head. "I tried to call you but the radio wasn't working...'" By now I was about to open the door and hit the steps for the short walk back. As I hurriedly tucked in my shirt the smell of apples overwhelmed me and I stopped in my tracks. Then, once again, a whisper as something touched my cheek. This time it was hot, not burning, but slightly warm.

"Get your skinny ass back here. I'm hungry."

"On my way LT."

I made it back to the console room in record time. She was in more of a rush then I thought. As she rushed past me she skidded to a sudden stop.

"What's that smell?"

"What?"

She moved closer and breathed in deeply. "Apples and something else..." She moved away for a second then looked at me quizzically, "Did you have sex with someone?"

"Uh...before I came in."

"Hm... Next time take a shower afterwards."

As she continued to her car I breathed in deeply, she was right I needed a shower. When she had turned the corner, I hopped on the Internet and brought up a history of the site I was on.

Nowhere could I find any reference to a death on the property. There were accidents plenty, broken arms, burnt bodies, fights. Not one accidental death.

Searching further I went into the history of the little village I was working in, Forest Green, Ohio.

I actually had to go back pretty far before I found something dated from 1895.

On April 22nd, 1895 a body was found in a stable, located on the corner of 3rd Street and Central. They had no name to put on this lady, but she was about 25 years old and had very long red hair. Her eyes were a deep-sea green with long lashes. She was very skinny and had a long lean face. The charcoal drawing that the unknown artist did of her lifeless face brought goose bumps to my body. Except for the closed eyes she looked almost like the spirit I had met. But I wasn't sure. She had become solid only for an instant. Reading on I came to the part about cause of death. She was stabbed thirty-four times. Her body was mutilated savagely, but the killer didn't stop there. He had raped her also. He was a sick bastard because he took advantage of her even after she was dead. The strangest part of the murder was the half-eaten apple that was rammed into her open mouth.

After twenty years the case was still unsolved so all they did was name her Jane Apple and bury her body in the large orchard behind the stable. It was an apple orchard.

Now, in 2005, the streets were named Orchard and Apple. The large grove of trees has been whittled down to twenty. One strange thing about the orchard was the fact that I had never seen a gravestone in it when I had walked through it.

I closed off the computer as I saw LT's car come back. She came in quiet and just ate, surfing the net as her over stuffed cheese-Coney dribbled on the keyboard. She didn't even bother to clean it off.

Getting tired of watching her stuff her face I said, "I'm going for a walk; call me if you need me." As she nodded her head I walked out and headed for building 29.

When I finally arrived there, I didn't even bother going in, I went around back to where the grove of apple trees was. As I walked, crunching the empty shells of dead apples under my feet, I shined my light around the ground until I saw a small mound in the center of all the trees. I had never noticed this before and I carefully got closer to it.

As I shined my light over the hump I realized it was half of a gravestone. Broken off right at the bottom, you couldn't tell where the rest was. I searched the undergrowth looking for the rest of the stone, but I didn't have any luck.

After twenty minutes I finally gave up and decided to go back to where this all began.

When my foot hit the final step to the fourth floor the door in front of me flew open as a blast of wind forced me into the room. Once inside the door closed and I felt the air around me begin to grow colder.

I'm not one to talk to myself a lot, but I thought maybe I could try communication, "What do you need? How can I help you?"

The whispers came again as I felt a puff of air hit my cheek.

While I stood there with my light shining in front of me a form began to take shape. It was her. This time she kissed my lips. She felt solid this time, her lips tender and inviting, but I dropped my light with a bang and reached for her shoulders, pushing her away.

"I want to help you. How can I help?"

This time I got a response as her hand, which I could see through, grabbed mine and she led me back to the far end of the room. I heard her whisper again when she came to a stop, but I still couldn't make out what she said. Finally, she gave up and pointed to the floor.

That's when I noticed the large piece of sheet metal laying on the floor, braced against the wall. There were a few pieces of debris on top, but I managed to lift it off and move it away. There was something there but I had to return to where I dropped my light.

By the time I got back to the corner she was still there. I could barely make out a very sad expression on her face. As I shined the light onto the object my heart began to beat faster when I realized what it was: The other half of her tombstone. All it had on it was her name and the year she was found.

At first, I didn't realize what she wanted. Then as she pointed to the rear of the building it came to me. She wanted it returned to her grave. Maybe as another practical joke someone brought this up here. Or it was just all an early Halloween prank. Even the ghostly figure that was standing beside me may not be real. Unless, I thought, all this was just a dream.

No, maybe it wasn't. I would have made LT look a lot better then she does.

I reached to pick up the top half of her stone and began making my way across the room. When I reached the door, I saw her transparent figure become a little more solid as she opened it. Then she glided down the steps. I followed, resting every few minutes when I came to a landing. This marker was heavy, my muscles strained against the short sleeve shirt I was wearing and sweat began to pour from my head, dripping onto my glasses and making my journey more treacherous.

Finally, we reached the bottom door leading to the outside. I could still see her very clearly and I noticed she was becoming more solid as we walked through the orchard.

When we reached the grave I finally put the stone down. It wasn't going to be easy to reattach this, but I only assumed it was what she wanted.

For the moment I just leaned it up against the bottom half and looked at the ghostly specter. She was looking at the ground very closely and finally bent over, picking something from the undergrowth. As she walked towards me I noticed it was a stick with a little bit of sap leaking from it still. She pointed it towards me and I just took it from her.

As I stood up she moved closer towards me. This time I didn't feel her touch me, she moved through me. She didn't go completely through me. It was like she stopped. Then my body shivered. That was all I remembered until my radio was going off.

I shook my head to clear it and answered the beeping noise on my belt. It was Gibson. "Yes LT?"

"Were you off sleeping again?"

"No." I shined the flashlight on my watch. I had lost over an hour. Jane was nowhere in sight. On a hunch I looked at the tombstone. It had the original name of Jane Apple scratched out and a new name scribbled beneath it, Sarah Green. A birth date was added too. April 21st, 1864. She was 29 when she was murdered. Since her body was found in the morning of the 22nd chances where she was killed on her birthday.

I listened to Lt. Gibson moan and complain about my disappearance for the next few hours until it was time to go home. My thoughts were just bouncing all over the place. I couldn't even figure out what happened. Maybe it was all a dream.

When I arrived at my apartment at 8AM I was standing at the mailbox reaching in for my bills and the collection of junk mail that always came with it. Suddenly the door opened beside me and I felt someone walk in quickly. The distinct smell of apples hit my nose as I turned to watch someone walk up the steps to the empty apartment across the landing from mine. As she dug around in her purse, the long red hair falling across her face, something dropped. I just stood there, feeling the goosebumps all over my skin, and watched.

Without looking at me, the lady quickly unlocked and entered her apartment, leaving a small piece of jewelry on the floor. When I reached the landing, I got a closer look at what she left behind. It was an earring that dangle from the posts that was broken. At the end of it was a small green apple.

I thought for a second then rapped on the door, hearing a muffled "Just a minute." from the other side.

The door opened and I just stood there, open mouthed holding out the earring and totally speechless. She was about 5'6" with long dark red hair and deep green eyes. She was very pale and very thin, except in the places where she shouldn't be. She was wearing a loose shirt and some gym shorts. Her voice brought me out of the trance.

"Yes?"

"Oh...Um...I'm sorry to bother you, you dropped this while you looking for your keys."

Her hand went immediately to her left ear and her eyes flew open.

"Oh, thank you. That's my favorite pair. They always break."

"You just move in?" No dummy, I broke in and I'm just living here until I get caught. Why do I ask stupid questions at times like this?

"Yes. Last night. Hi, I'm Sarah. Sara Greenup." She extended her hand and I in kind introduced myself.

"It's a pleasure to meet you Sara. Are you new in town?" I had the strangest feeling that I knew her. If I didn't know any better I would have sworn she was the apparition from this morning.

Eventually we talked for about ten minutes, me standing out in the hallway as she stood in the open-door way. When she invited me in for some coffee I couldn't say no.

We sat at her dining room table for what seemed like twenty minutes talking. When I looked at my watch it was almost 4pm. Today was actually the beginning of my weekend so it really didn't concern me.

Eventually we moved over to her stuffed couch, on the way her hand went to the small of her back and rubbed it a little.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"I pulled a muscle in my back last night moving stuff around. I need a massage."

"Well I have been told I have a nice touch, may I?"

At that point she stopped in her tracks and placed her coffee on the end table. Without saying a word, she laid down on the carpet face down.

I kneeled over her, sitting on her butt as I massaged her shoulders deeply. She was sighing with pleasure as she whispered, "Lower". My hands moved down her back, kneading and pressing where I could feel the knots. 

"Is it okay if I go under the shirt? It's getting in the way."

"Sure." She replied softly in a whisper. "Your right, you do have a nice touch."

I moved the shirt up revealing her naked back. She lifted up on her elbows and moved the shirt around her neck saying, "Lower, around the small of my back."

I compiled as I scooted down her legs, accidentally pulling her shorts down just a little so the crack of her ass was showing and I could see she wasn't wearing panties. She didn't reach down to fix it; instead she spread her legs so my knees were between them. As I moved my hands up and down her soft body I could feel my cock getting harder and harder. I thought I was going to burst. My hands began going further down her back until they were actually massaging her butt cheeks. She began wiggling her hips slowly and seductively then rose up on her knees. Her hands pulled her shorts down to her knees and I started rubbing closer to her clit.

"Try that with your tongue." She said and I leaned forward, my mouth pressed against her pussy, my tongue licking her hungrily. She was moaning with pleasure as she said, "Fuck me!" 

I quickly unbuttoned my pants freeing my now stiff cock and entered her from behind, forcing her hips into me as I went deeper into her with every thrust. I came first, but I kept pumping her from behind, my balls smacking on her pussy. When she came her entire body shook and she collapsed on the floor. I laid down right next to her on my side, looking at her sweat covered body. After a few seconds she rolled over on her side and we talked for a few minutes until she got up and went back to the bed room, dragging me behind her. As we reached the king size bed that took up most of the room she turned around and kissed me, her lips hot and tasting of apples. It was the lipstick or my imagination. Our hands were busy ripping each other's clothes from our bodies. Suddenly she pushed me back and I fell on the bed naked.
