 Can an evil, blood-sucking demon-spawn who revels in the smell of death and carnage have erotic fantasies? Well, I can't speak for the rest of them, but I most certainly do. My favorite one is where two gorgeous males seduce me into a night-long threesome. I am not talking about a porno-type tryst, where some poor girl has men stuffing dicks into every orifice; being as old a vampyre as I am, mere mortals wouldn't do in my beloved fantasy. I'm talking about two mythical beings doing everything in their power to make me climax over and over again.

But maybe I should start at the beginning...

I came home from a massacre, totally exhausted, to find Marco and Rhys sitting in my living room drinking their usual Tanqueray and tonic. I assumed from the silence in the house that my servants, including my "top-notch" security team, had been sent away for the evening.

On the coffee table in the center of the room was a curvaceous blonde girl, bound and gagged... and deliciously naked. The room itself was lit by hundreds of candles... not my first choice, being that I'm a vampyre and fire is deadly, but I decided to stay silent and see where this was leading.

Marco steered me towards the couch while Rhys drew a black blade from the sheath on his hip. I glanced from one to the other and not for the first time wondered how anyone could mistake them for brothers. I mean yeah, dark hair, dark eyes, but I think it's relatively easy to tell the Italian from the Scot. Maybe it's the fact that I've known them for more than a millennium that helps me distinguish between the two...

Marco was barefoot, dressed in tight jeans and a white T-shirt, his thick hair tousled like he had just come out of the shower and only had time to hand brush. Rhys was in his trademark black - jeans, boots, shirt - his hair pulled back in a ponytail. Just looking at them was enough to get me moist...

Rhys ran the tip of the blade down the blonde's body, a soft smile on his face. "This sacrifice is to you, my goddess," he purred, then he cut her open from belly to throat. Blood sprayed across the room, and the acrid smell of copper made my stomach churn with desire. I felt my fangs emerge as I resisted the urge to literally dive into the offering. I then noticed that the men were just staring at me, their blood-soaked bodies shaking with a yearning that I believed was for the carnage on the table. I was wrong.

Marco slid my shoes off and began messaging the soles of my feet. As I enjoyed the massage Rhys sat next to me and held the knife to my lips. I grinned at the werecat and opened my mouth, my tongue running across the blade. He smiled back and put the knife down, dipping the tip of his finger in the girl's chest and holding it to my mouth. As I slowly licked Rhys' finger clean, Marco's hands moved up my blood-covered legs, his touch sending chills all over my body. 

I moaned quietly as Marco started rubbing my hips, his tongue running up my thigh. My back arched slightly, and Rhys was quick to respond, running his palm across my breasts until my nipples were painfully hard. I took his finger in my mouth again and began sucking as he put his other hand under my shirt and deftly removed my bra. I moaned again as my nipples ran against the silk of my shirt.

This was too good to be true, which is why I was so uncertain about it all. "Guys," I whispered, "We shouldn't..." I reached down and played with Marco's hair as he nuzzled my stomach, his hands slowly pulling down my panties.

"Why not," Rhys asked, not expecting an answer as he tore my shirt open with his claws, "Damn Celeste! You have the most gorgeous breasts..."

He took one in each hand and ran his rough tongue across my nipples. I shivered as his tongue ring brushed across my taut skin. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm," he purred, "you like that don't you?"

I nodded, my eyes rolling back in my head as Marco ran his fingers between my legs. "Oh yeah, Rhys. She likes it a lot."

As they both leaned towards me I, not for the first time in my long life, admired the feline beauty in both the werecat and vampyre. Rhys, his hair loose from the rubber band and his tongue playing across my breasts, reminded me of a frisky kitten, eager to please and willing to learn. Marco, on the other hand, prompted images of a lion: strong, prideful and dangerous. He lifted my hips, pushing my skirt up with his nose. I shivered in anticipation, and he purposefully slowed down with a wicked grin.

Rhys, meanwhile, was running his tongue across my chest, my shoulders, and then attacked my neck, biting and licking, making small circles with his tongue. I shuddered with pleasure and tilted my head as I ran my nails down his back. I shifted my hips and pulled Marco's hair, too aroused now to be patient. I felt his hot breath between my legs and moaned, gasping with anticipation and desire. 

Marco flicked his tongue out, playfully teasing me. I thrust my hips instinctively, knowing the pleasure I was about to experience. I felt myself get damp with desire as Rhys' lips found mine. The light caresses of both of their mouths made me gasp with pleasure. Rhys' kisses were soft and gentle, but I could see in his cats-eyes the heat and desire that was in him. 

Marco's tongue ran up my wetness and lightly touched my clit, making my mind whirl with pleasure. I opened my mouth and Rhys' tongue played inside as he pushed me back against the pillows of the couch. I tasted his blood as my fangs cut his mouth, making my desire even more intense. I grabbed at his shirt, wanting to feel his skin against mine, but I was awkward, too excited to be able to do anything with finesse. He pulled away, and while he took off his shirt I reached down to Marco and tugged at his shirt as well. 

Without moving from between my legs, Marco ripped off his shirt, then plunged his tongue unto me, making me scream in surprise and excitement. Waves of ecstasy washed over me as he continued both with his tongue and his fingers. I felt my clit throbbing as I arched with pleasure. Rhys supported my back with his hands and ran his tongue across my nipples, leaving a trail of blood. My nipples ached with tightness, and I instinctively reached between Rhys' legs, but he pushed my hand away.

"Not yet Luv," he purred in my ear, "Not yet."

A chill went down my spine as he spoke, making me tighten my legs around Marco's head. He responded by taking my clit between his lips and gently sucking, his fangs brushing slightly on my pussy. I moaned and maneuvered my foot to get between his legs, but he grabbed my ankle. His dark eyes smoldered over my mound.

"This is for you alone Celeste," he growled.

I moaned and turned my head. Rhys ran his tongue across my ear, sending me into a passionate frenzy. My breast brushed across his nipple ring, and the sensation almost made me pass out. I whimpered with desire and reached out to each of them. Rhys took my hand and began lightly sucking on my fingers. Marco grabbed my wrist and guided my fingers to my clit, where I felt myself moist and throbbing. 

I slowly began rubbing my clit, feeling it respond to my touch. Marco sat up and smiled, showing fangs, as his fingers slid in and out of me. I closed my eyes as the sensations of my own touch washed over me. I moaned as I massaged my clit, my wet fingers brushing against Marco's. I heard both of them breathing heavily as they watched me writhe with pleasure. My free hand began running across my breasts and Rhys' fingers. He leaned into me, his voice deep and full of desire.

"That's it Celeste," he breathed, "God, you are gorgeous. I want you so much right now..."

I moaned in response and turned my head towards him, finding his mouth and running my tongue across his parted lips. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back, pressing his mouth against mine with a passion that he was finding hard to control. I again reached between his legs, and once more he pushed me away, but this time it was obviously difficult for him to do. Meanwhile Marco pushed his finger deep inside of me, the tip finding my not-so-elusive G-spot. I whimpered in pleasure and my rubbing got more intense. I felt my clit swell and throb, and then I started to climax. 

I growled as waves of passion washed over me, each one more intense than the last. Marco moved his finger to my rhythm, while Rhys leaned his head on my shoulder, whispering encouraging words to me. Suddenly I was screaming as I climaxed, my back arching almost to the breaking point. I whimpered as my body relaxed and first Rhys, then Marco, brushed their lips against mine.

"Oh no, child," Marco whispered, gently brushing my hair off of my face as my eyes fluttered closed, "You're not finished yet." 

I stared at him through glazed eyes, my response a soft whimper. Marco sat up on his knees and slowly unzipped his pants, freeing his throbbing cock from its denim prison. As he slipped off his pants, I sat up and put him in my mouth, my tongue running across his head. He moaned and grabbed my hair as my mouth ran up and down his shaft. I grabbed his ass and pulled him towards me, taking in as much of him as I could.

"No Celeste," he moaned, pushing me gently away, "not tonight."

He guided me back into Rhys, who was now sitting behind me on the couch. I felt his hard cock against my back as he cupped my breasts in his hands and moaned in pleasure. His nipple rings were cool against my hot skin as he pulled me tightly against him. Marco then leaned forward and licked my nipples as he lifted my legs. I felt his cock tap against my pussy and moaned in anticipation.

"Good girl Celeste," Marco growled, rubbing his shaft against my clit, "Let us take care of you."

He then pushed his cock into me, and I sighed with pleasure. I tilted my head and ran my fangs across Rhys' neck. He shuddered, grabbing my breasts and pinching my nipples. Marco slowly moved his shaft in and out of me, making me tremble, my back rubbing against Rhys' throbbing cock. Rhys moaned again and covered my mouth with his, his tongue forcing my lips open in heated desire.

Marco grabbed my hips and pushed himself deeper into me, my moans muffled by Rhys' bloodied mouth on mine. Rhys ran is fingers through my hair as Marco leaned forward, sunk his fangs into my skin, and began sucking on my breast. I writhed and pushed back against Rhys as Marco drove his dick deeper and faster into me. I grabbed the back of Rhys' head, drinking his blood as I pushed his mouth harder against mine and my hips met Marco's over and over... faster and faster...

I suddenly couldn't take it anymore. Rhys' shaft was hot and throbbing against my back, and he was whimpering with an aching desire that matched Marco's and my own. With supernatural force I pulled away from him, then slid Marco's dick out of me and pushed him back against the cushions. I knelt in front of Marco and leaned forward, taking his shaft in my mouth, my ass up in the air for Rhys to do what he will.

I heard Rhys' breathing, deep and heavy, as he realized what I was offering. Marco had his hands in my hair, moaning with pleasure as my tongue ran across his head. He tasted of my sweetness, and smelled heady, like me. I watched with a slight smile as his back arched when I started playing with his balls. I felt Rhys' fingers playing in my pussy and I moaned, causing Marco to moan as well. He then found my clit and started to rub, and my lips tightened around Marco, putting more and more of his throbbing shaft into my mouth.

Suddenly Rhys was inside of me, his cock pulsating with a desire that he had been harboring for a long time.

"Oh god, Celeste," he moaned, his hands gripping my ass, "Oh god..."

Marco also moaned my name, his hands pushing my head down so his entire cock was in my mouth. I ran my tongue up and down his shaft as I thrust my hips back and forth against Rhys'. Both of their dicks throbbed and grew, and their voices got deep and guttural as they said my name over and over again...

Marco came first. As I swallowed his cum and licked him clean Rhys grew larger, filling me and causing waves of ecstasy to overtake me. I moaned "Yes, oh yes!" into Marco's lap as Rhys pushed harder and harder, his claws digging painfully into my ass.

"Celeste! Oh god, Celeste!"

I gasped as I climaxed, my face buried in Marco's thigh. Rhys came a few moments later with a sob as he leaned his forehead against my lower back. I curled up on Marco, my head on his shoulder, with one hand on his chest and one tangled in Rhys' mane of hair.

Did it actually happen, or is this just a fantasy I've had many, many times? My darlings, would I waste your time like this if it was just a fantasy of mine? That would be devious. That would be wicked. That would be cruel! And I, after all, am an evil, blood-sucking demon-spawn who revels in the smell of death and carnage; why in the world would I lie...?