 Chapter 03 -- The Immortal Lover

It had been almost three weeks since Liz had become a succubus and she realized that she hadn't heard from Selena since then. Of course she still had to suck the life out of men to survive but she seemed to be doing it alone now. Her vagina still sucked cock like it was alive, but there was no voice. Liz had to have at least three men a day to survive, but she preferred more.

Luck would have it that Liz would be going back to college the next day. Being an extremely hot cheerleader for the school football team, she shouldn't have any problems having more than three men a day. She was probably the hottest girl on the squad and was every guy's dream girl. She could hardly wait.

It was almost midnight and Liz was getting hungry. She already had three men earlier that day, but a mid-night snack couldn't hurt. She walked out of the store and onto the street, butt-ass naked, and looked for any man rather it be a cop or some bum off the street. Then she noticed a man in a leather jacket and blue jeans leaning up against the wall of the store. Come to think of it, it was the same guy that the cop shot and killed the night of her transformation, but how could that be possible? She walked up closer to him and he looked up at her.

"Liz Smith. Am I correct? The man asked.

"Yes, but who might you be?" She asked erotically.

"Let's just say that I am the man you're looking for but don't know it yet. As long as you seek nourishment among mortals you will become more and more insatiable. But with me you will never be hungry again. 

Liz woke up in the store and sat up in the middle of the floor. "Was it really a dream?" She thought. She looked at the clock and it was 4am. The thought of the man in her dream made her extremely horny, but she was not hungry for some reason. But it's not like she had to go without. She was in a sex toy shop after all. Her eyes turned red and the dildos and vibrators in the store came to life like before; only this time she was in control. Some gloves came and caressed her breast while dildos bounced in and out of her pussy, almost as if they were fighting over it. She moaned loudly until a dildo stuffed itself inside her mouth. For about two hours she had orgasm after orgasm and then finally decided to quit. Her eyes turned back to normal and all the sex toys went back to their shelves; except for one which seemed to be clinched tight in her pussy. Liz's pussy was sucking the dildo and refused to let it go. She tugged at it and it wouldn't budge and then she doubled over in another orgasm.

"Stop it!" Liz yelled. "I have to get ready for class! You'll have plenty of dicks to suck before the day's over. With that her vagina let loose and the dildo fell to the floor. 

Liz left for school, which was only about a five minute walk from the shop, and couldn't stop thinking about the man she had saw last night. Whether or not it had been a dream she didn't know but for some reason every time she thought about him it made her wet.

Liz got to the college and walked to her first class of the day, math. She hated it with a passion, but it was a requirement to graduate so she decided to get it over with. She sat down and noticed every guy in the room was eyeballing her to death.

"Yes", she thought. "Come to me my prey."

But as she looked around more she noticed that there was also a cute brunette girl staring her down as well. Being a little by curious she started to wonder if she could feed off females as well. She decided that she would give it a try and gets up to sit next to the other girl.

"So, are you good at math?" Liz asked just to make conversation.

"Kind of", she said nervously with a smile. "My name's Vickie."

"I'm Liz. Say, how about meeting me up in the locker room by the gym so we can get to know each other better." Liz said with an erotic smile. Vickie looked at her uneasy but then Liz's eyes flashed red for about a second. Then Vickie's countenance changed dramatically.

"Of course, why not", Vickie said while getting wet to the pants.

An hour goes by and the two girls are holding hands as they prance down to the gym giggling to each other. Liz got excited. She had never had lesbian sex before, and she couldn't had picked a better girl. She had perky c-cup breast with fit abs and a nice round ass. She was about 5'6" in height so she was about as tall as Liz. They got to the locker room and they violently started ripping each other's clothes off.

"I don't typically have sex with just anyone like this, I mean I hardly know you", Vickie said breathing heavily. "But there's something about you and I must have you now."

Liz and Vickie get in the 69 position and eat each other out like rabid dogs. It wasn't long before the juices were flowing well and they were squirming and moaning all over each other. After a couple of orgasms they laid exhausted.

"Why don't we try scissor style", Liz suggested playfully.

"Oh baby, you really know how to party!"

They both get into position and something happened that caught them both off guard. Liz's pussy connected with Vicki's and started eating it out as if it were a mouth.

"I don't know how the hell you're doing this put please don't stop!" Vickie shouted in pleasure. It felt incredible on Liz's end to but then again it always felt good when her pussy moved on its own. They both have a huge orgasm as they squirt at each other so high they hit each other in the face.

Then all of a sudden a voice is heard from between Vickie's legs, "That was good but now I need some cock".

"What the hell, my kitty is talking to me!" Vickie shouted in terror.

"Selena?" Liz said exhausted."

"Yeah it's me", Selena giggled. "I thought I'd get a new vessel before you crawled up and died." "What do you mean?" Liz asked fearfully.

"A succubus cannot have lesbian sex and live to tell about it, it drains all the energy they need to live. See ya." With that Selena took control of Vickie's legs and started her toward the men's locker room. 

Liz could barely move and her vision got fuzzy as she heard Vickie's useless cries for help in the distance. Everything began to get dark. ......

Liz woke up in a strange bed with someone looking over her. She couldn't believe it. It was the stranger from the dream, or at least she thought it was a dream.

"I told you mortals couldn't satisfy you for long. My name's Caleb Johnson."

"But how did you save me? The only way to restore my life force is through sex and all men die when they have sex with me."

"Not me. I'm an immortal. Don't ask me how or why but I've been this way as long as I can remember. You see, we're meant to be together."

"I'm hungry", Liz said with a moan.

"Of course you are" said Caleb as he thrust his foot-long dick inside of Liz. It felt incredible. It was the first time in a while that she wasn't the one on top. After about the third orgasm Liz perked up and her vagina came back to life. It sucked Caleb's dick and he started to moan with pleasure.

"But I thought Selena was gone" Liz thought. "I guess an overactive pussy is a common trait of a succubus."

They have about ten more orgasms as Liz's pussy worked Caleb's cock and he showed no sign of exhaustion or pain.

"You see, I told you we were meant to be together."