 I found the dress difficult to ignore. I started to think about it in the daytime and in the evening. It planted itself on the edge of my conscious so that every now and again its feet would paddle in the sea of my existence. I went to the shop but as I approached, I could see no light on inside. I knocked on the door, but it stirred no reaction. Unable to see the shop keeper I decided I would just keep the dress locked away. I put it in the wardrobe and locked the door. Problem solved. 

If only it was that easy. I started to imagine things horny things. I started to daydream and get very excited. I imagined his fingers, imagined his lips and yes, I imagined every part of him. His fingers would gently stroke and caress my skin teasing me with unpredictable attention. I had no control and it didn't matter where I was, what I was doing or who I was with. The unseen phantom my constant companion tweaked my nipples, kissed my thighs, nibbled my toes whenever he felt the urge. I crossed my legs under my desk uncomfortable in my damp panties I could wait no longer. I locked the door hitched up my skirt and dropped my wet panties. I had never been this wet. Never been this horny. I sat in my chair my legs splayed apart my feet on the desk and had never felt so wanton. My hands examined my excited pussy holding the lips apart fingers slipping inside and others simultaneously rubbing my clit. Ready for pleasure I almost fall off the chair when someone knocks on the door. Then I freeze hoping they will just go away. My hope was in vain as the doorknob turned. Wondering if all knobs plotted to humiliate me I took my feet off the desk. Stood up and pulled my skirt up. 

"Louise" my boss called. 

"Fuck" I whispered walking towards he door just about to open it when I leapt back grabbing my sopping knickers from the desk and quickly throwing them into my clutch bag. Snapping it closed I opened the door. Red faced with bare feet I confronted Simon asking, "how can I help?"

"Are you okay?" he asked his eyes absorbing my flushed complexion.

"Physio exercises" I muttered the only two words I could muster so I repeated them.

With a curious look in his eyes he paused looking past me then looked back at me and said, "I will see you tomorrow."

Turning my gaze swept over my desk locking onto my bag and the wet panties caught hanging half out of the bag, the staccato sound of heels clicking getting closer. I grab the bag for a second time making sure the panties are completely inside. My secretary behind me says "I have the files you wanted."

"Thanks. I will look at them in the morning, I was just leaving" I said getting out of there as fast as I could before embarrassing myself more. I went to the lift and although it was crowded, I didn't want to wait for the next one. I squeezed in and on the next floor as more got in I was squeezed backwards. The doors closed and then I felt it, the hardness pressing into my skirt against the cleft between my buttocks. Affronted but unwillingly excited I stayed still not looking around as I didn't want to break the spell. As people got out I pushed back but he just stayed there with less people in the lift I started to look around and there were only women behind me so I looked down at the nozzle of the fire extinguisher that had come loose and was sticking out. The lift doors opened and I bolted. It was not my floor but not knowing how many people observed me rubbing my ass against a fire extinguisher meant I just had to get out. I walked down the stairs taking deep breaths calming down. I walked to the underground getting on the train. I decided not to sit not wanting any risk of exposing myself. I stood holding on as I felt a hand brush across my bottom. Not wanting to repeat the same mistake I ignored it. I had felt the phantom touch me before so I didn't react when it brushed the back of my knee. My imagination ran riot as I felt the hand creep up my skirt caressing my thighs making my inner thigh muscles twitch. I widened my stance as he rubbed my wet lips and murmured as he slipped a finger inside with his thumb searching for my clit.

"Ticket" 

"Ticket" the word got closer.

"Ticket" I was suddenly aware the conductor was talking to me. I fumbled my bag dropping the wet panties as I grabbed my ticket. Standing still with a finger inside me I made eye contact with the conductor a mature lady who handed me back my ticket and picked up my panties between finger and thumb. I packed both as the finger slipped from me. The train moved and I looked at the man who had molested me. He sat with a bag on his lap and our eyes met. I smiled knowing what he was doing under the bag. Stepping towards him I whipped the bag away but with one motion swung my ass into it's place. I put my arm around his neck knowing this time it was not a fire extinguisher poking my ass. I whispered softly my hot breath in his ear, "If you molest me again I will scream."

"I will scream if you molest me and don't make me cum" I said nibbling his earlobe feeling him jerk beneath me. I sat still for a minute allowing him to subside and put himself away. I then got up as we came to my stop handing him back the phone number he tried to pass to me. 

I arrived home had dinner and then climbed the stairs to my room to confront the dress. I unlocked the wardrobe and hung the dress in front of me and stripped. I stood under the shower just letting it wash over me. I dried myself and looked at the blue dress. My anger washed away I put it on. I needed to know more and this was the only way. 

I fell asleep in the dress. The cold sone floor beneath my feet ready to follow my master to his bed chamber. "I'm sorry" he said shaking his head, "Go to the stable". 

He held open the door and I walked out into the rain holding my skirts up as I walked ankle deep in the mud. I walked nervously into the barn shocked to find my mistress but more surprised to see Ash the farmhand pegged spread eagled to the ground.

"Well my pretty whore the dress looks almost as good on you as me."

"The first time you saw the dress I saw how you looked at it. I left it out for you I knew you would wear it. Has he not told you? You were my choice. My husband has appetites. He fucks you, but in that dress, he is reminded of me. So you are my substitute my toy and as such you are only touched with my permission. This man laid hands on you and will pay."

"Did you enjoy his attentions? Did he make you wet?"

"He did no harm" I replied.

"Really he failed to give you pleasure?" She asked. "We will teach him about pleasure."

Her fingers reach down and find him, looking in his eyes her fingers explore him feeling him stiffen then giving his balls a squeeze as she says "What should we do with this?"

I shrug unsure what to say. The mistress points to a hay bale and I sit on it. She lifts one of my feet to rest on his stiff cock and the other on his face. I feel him twitch against my other foot. He licks, sucks cleaning my whole muddy foot with his tongue carefully cleaning between my toes. My legs wide apart he watches as the mistress rubs her crop between my slit. At her command I swap position and feet and repeat the process and his excitement continues.

His stands naked and erect in front of me and the mistress tells me to use my hands. My hands stroke up and down his cock and she tells me to rub it faster. If I continue to stroke he will come and that is not yet her plan. She reaches to the side and takes some ice holding it out so his balls and cock rest on the coldness. She watches with a smile as his cock shrinks retreating into itself.

She tells me to reach around and finger his ass and she first spits on my fingers and she watches as I penetrates his ass with a finger and then I lick his cock before making him yelp as I finger by giving his thigh a bite. She makes him lick clean my fingers. It arouses me and I feel damp knowing his body is at my command.

I take his now growing cock into my mouth feeling it grow as I lick and suck. My hot mouth shares its warmth and desire as it responds to me. I lick the head before sucking it in hollowing my cheeks and bobbing my head on it. Tickling his balls I sense he is near and draw back knowing this will displease the mistress. I grab the ice and hold it in front of him as he shakes his head wanting to come, not lose his erection. I plunge his cock into the softening but not completely melted ice cream. Holding him against the cold as he shrinks again before letting him go. I withdraw and mistress asks him if he would like to pleasure me. She makes him lick and suck me whilst asking if I would like him to perform with another male for me holding his cock as she describes how they could rub their sensitive cocks together, watching him get hard in her hand. She makes me hold him as he listens to her and I feel him so hard throbbing as she makes him imagine taking part in a 69 with me.

Excited by her words, his wrists and ankles tied I kneel over his face and lean forward my dress lifted by the mistress so leaning forward my cunt above his face as she reaches above my ass crack and pour a jug of warm mulled wine so its warmth runs down my crack and drips on to his face. Dropping the jug she uses her hand and your fingers rubbing the warm mulled wine urgently into my lips my clit itches and calls for attention as she finds it and plays with it between her finger and thumb making me yearn for more. As he wriggles and squirms I lower my ass on his face rubbing it back and forward on his slippery face as he struggles underneath my ass her fingers thrust deep me making me moan making me shudder, Making me squirm as my breath ragged I feel my clit beg for more before orgasm overtakes me. 

It takes a few minutes to recover and regain my senses and she positions me again so I am sitting on his face and use my feet to rub his stiff cock. He is so close as she pours the cold molten ice water over my feet and his cock and balls stopping his excitement again. Standing up I put a foot over his mouth and make him lick it his tongue tickling between my toes. Looking down at his limp cock I use my hands, taking him in hand stroking him up and down around whilst tickling his perineum and squeezing his balls. As he gets close I pause looking at the mistress she nods and I wank him getting harder and faster. I keep going paying more attention to the head feeling him getting closer and closer as he fires a massive load but the mistress says "don't stop" and his body jerks on the ground as he begs me to stop as I use his cum on my hand to polish his helmet. As he bucks and moans she is satisfied. She sends me back to the house and suddenly I wake in my bed.