 I woke up with the knowledge of who I was fighting. I knew my opponent but not how to beat her. My previous searches about the dress had yielded nothing. Maybe I should just have burnt the dress. I decided against that. If I burnt the dress, I could solve my problems or destroy any chance of resolution. It was too much to risk. I would research the owner of the dress.

I googled for an hour then I stopped. I still had no answers, but I realised I didn't know what question to ask. The next time I went back I would lookout for the details, names, places, dates and any other specific I could find out. Not sure I had the acumen for this I phoned a friend. Marie was the only person I knew who just might believe me. 

I phoned and left her a message to call me. I went to work and despite my behaviour yesterday everything was calm and normal. Had I imagined it all? Maybe I didn't need to wear the dress anymore? That would have been just too easy. 

That night I put on the dress and waited for sleep. As usual the first thing I felt was the cold stone floor under my bare feet. I walked to the master's bedroom and entered through the open door. I dropped my dress and walked towards him He stood and watched me approach. I knelt at his feet and put his cock between my breasts and asked what I could do for him.

He reached down and grabbed my nipples between his fingers and thumbs pulled me upwards, so I was looking in his eyes. He kept hold of my left nipple ad I winced as he twists it. His other hand dropped and grasped me between the legs and he said, "Show me!"

"Show me" he repeated as he pushed me onto the bed.

I opened my legs in front of him and I held myself open. I put two fingers in my mouth making them wet and then I put them down on my cunt lips. All the while I kept eye contact I slowly and deliberately put the two fingers inside me and gasped as I did so.

I pushed the fingers slowly into myself and told him "I want to caress your desire,"

"I want to feel your lust inside me. I want to feel you deep inside me," I continued.

My fingers still inside me as my other hand pressed and rubbed my clit. My eyes locked onto his as his engorged cock throbbed. 

He climbed over me with his excited cock above my face, as he bent over me and his tongue stroked my clit. My cheeks hollowed, my lips around his cock, I teased him with my teeth and tongue. His weight pinned my head to the bed. A cold bottle pressed into me making me squirm as its' chill penetrated me deeper. The remnants of the wine ran inside me. 

He climbed off me and took my left wrist and tied it to the top left corner of the bed with a silk scarf and then he tied my right wrist. His strong fingers grasped my ankle and tied it to the bottom corner of the bed and then tied the other to the remaining corner. He tied another scarf around my head as a blindfold.

"I am going to make you sing with pleasure" he whispered into my ear, his hot breath on me as he nibbled my ear lobe. His hand sent shivers through me as it stroked my neck with a light almost delicate touch. The master teased my body with his lips, fingers, teeth and tongue. He tickled, caressed, pinched, nibbled kissed and licked and I never knew where he would touch me next. He teased me with anticipation as he touched me everywhere but one place. I felt his hot breath on my thighs and my hips rose towards him. I yelped as he plucked an intimate hair from me. He laughed and said, "if you beg me maybe I will do what you want." 

"Fuck me please" I begged.

"Pluck me did you say?" he responded and pulled out another hair. 

Laughing he said, "you can amuse yourself for a minute."

I tested my bonds and I was completely secure, but my blindfold had moved. I watched as he wrote at his desk then put a journal in his desk. He hid the key behind the mirror. He turned back towards me and said, "now, where were we?"

"Ah yes" he said, and plucked another hair. 

He continued to pull out hairs as I whimpered. He picked up another silk scarf and rolled it up, before he slid it back and forth between my pussy lips. He pushed it inside me and then took the damp scarf back out. I smelt myself on it as he dropped it on my face. I could taste myself as he put it in my mouth.

He climbed on top and pinned me to the bed. Finally he took me. He slid in to my still wet cunt and his engorged cock stretched me. He pushed in deep and I moaned with pleasure. He thrust in and out getting faster and faster. He pulled the scarf from my mouth and reminded me, "I want to hear you sing with pleasure"

He fucked harder and more rampant with every thrust, as I could not help but moan. My body trembled as I came and he gave one final thrust. He lay on top of me as he removed the blindfold and smiled. Flushed but satisfied that we came together, I smiled back. He resumed fucking my sensitive cunt and I realised I was mistaken.

"Sing," he said as he fucked me, deeper and harder than before as I screamed in pleasure, he got his release.

He untied me and I blinked then opened my eyes. I was back on my own bed.