 Louise taken to the past by a vintage dress has been unable to refuse its demands. She has sought help from a friend but will it be the help she needs. 

Chapter 1

The solitary thunderclap rolled across the sky, unable to repeat and break out into a round of rumbling applause. An ominous curtain raiser for the heavy rain that followed but, at least no lightning struck despite the electricity that was evident in the air. The wind roused by the commotion blew with more conviction than the former breeze. I shivered as my summer dress, an insubstantial barrier to the elements, clung to my body. It became no more than a transparent frame for my physique and my non-matching underwear. I looked down at my nipples proudly protruding through the material as they defiantly stood up to weather. I felt more alive than I had since buying the dress. 

I started to walk home barefoot in the rain head held high, with my shoes in my hand. My summer dress felt heavy clinging to my skin it revealed me, seeing through to my feminine grace. My front door was in sight and I smiled. A figure stepped out of the shadows and stepped towards me. 

"Oh my God Louise," she exclaimed, as she took in my drenched appearance and spotted my muddy legs and feet. She opened her mouth to speak but paused as she saw my smile. I grasped her hand and we walked hand in hand to my door. 

"Thank you, Marie," was all I said as I turned my key in the lock. Once inside I locked the door behind us.

"What is it? I have been so worried since your message." Marie began. 

"I need a shower," I said as I stepped out of the dress then removed my bra and dropped my panties.

"Make a coffee and I will explain after the shower," I suggested as Marie seemed distracted, surprised by my sudden nakedness. 

After my shower I quickly towelled myself dry and slipped on my soft fluffy robe. I tied it at the waist and went to the lounge. Marie sat on the sofa waiting and held her mug of coffee with both hands wrapped around it. I sat next to her.

"Where do I begin?" I started.

"Make yourself comfortable," Marie said and indicated I should put my feet in her lap. She put down her coffee mug and put her hands warmed by the mug on my feet.

"You talk and I will rub," she said.

"Mmmmmm," was all I managed as her hot hands massaged m feet.

"OK, maybe you could try using actual words," suggested Marie.

I told her about the dress and my dreams whilst she massaged my feet and listened. 

"I don't know what to say," Marie said. 

"You have hot hands," I murmured.

"You have a hot body," she replied looking into my eyes.

"Maybe your hands and my body should get together," I invited and I untied the belt on my robe and let it fall open. Her hands found my breasts and her fingers tender touch made me shiver as their light contact got my nipples attention. Her lips brushed across mine and with one hand around my neck the other dropped to stroke my inner thigh. Instinctively my legs parted, and Marie dropped to her knees between them. Her soft lips found my wet lips and her tongue blessed me with its vigour. Immobilised as though wearing a leg spreader I was lost in the moment. Her hot breath and wet mouth had convinced me I would that I would never put my legs together again. I lay back on the sofa and smiled with both pairs of lips, as Marie stripped in front of me. She revealed her curved but firm body and took me by the hand. She led me to the bedroom. She motioned me to lie down on the bed and crept over me with her sweet pussy invitingly hovered above my mouth and she lowered her mouth onto my eager wetness. We feasted on each other in the 69 position until we were both blissfully exhausted. We lay there in each other's arms until we fell asleep. 

I battled the giant squid as its grasping tentacles tried t hold me. I wriggled almost breaking free from its grasp. I braced my legs and pushed flinging myself with all my might into the abyss with the squid still attached. With a thump I hit the bedroom floor and heard Marie's panicked voice say my name.

"Louise wake up," Marie repeated.

"Marie?" I asked, "What happened?"

"You started mumbling and tossing and turning. I put my arm around and tried to comfort you. You fought like a demon as I clung to you and begged you to wake up. You flung us out of bed and here we are," Marie explained. 

"REM sleep problems?" Marie asked. 

"Night swimming?" I pondered and then answered, "no not usually."

"Ok," said Marie "I am not going to be able to go back to sleep, but I don't think I should leave you."

I just laid there also unable to sleep as Marie sat in the corner and tapped keys on her Laptop. Morning came and we once again drifted off to sleep in each other's arms. I awoke to breakfast in bed followed by a bath that Marie had run. I lay relaxed when Marie burst into the bathroom and plunged her hand into the bubbles, taking out the plug.

She glee-fully towelled me dry and then dusted me with talcum powder. She helped me to slide on a rubber suspender belt then rolled rubber stockings up my legs and attached the suspenders. She lubricated my ass and pussy helped me pull on a pair of rubber panties complete with two internal dildos. She powdered my upper torso and helped me into the rubber skater dress. The outfit now required some accessories. She fitted the ball gag, helped me put on the long rubber gloves and finally the hooded mask. My body now sheathed from head to toe in the shiny rubber. I felt its stretchy tightness all over my body. I stood still as she added a collar. She led me into my bedroom, and guided me to lay on the bed. She attached cuffs to my wrists and ankles and then added a leg spreader and finally attached a chain to my neck.

"I thought about last night and I think you were going to put on your dress in your sleep. So, I ordered some things to secure you. Even if you get free it will take you ages to get out of the rubber clothes and if I need to wake you up this might help," she said. My rubber panties started to hum. 

She attached a tube to the panties and pumped a bulb and I felt the dildos expand. She reset the vibration to an increasing wave pattern and said she would return. I tried to ask her to set me free, but I couldn't. I realised I wanted to pee. My want to pee developed from a want, to an urge and to a need. I clenched my body and held it in, but the vibrations distracted me and I had to clench my mind as well.

As I lay there spread across the bed in the tight rubber and tried to think of anything but my uncomfortable bladder. Marie returned about an hour later and immediately chance the pattern of the vibrations breaking my concentration. I wriggled, squirmed and Marie giggled assuming I was orgasming. The pressure had become unbearable but then excruciating as she further inflated the dildos inside of me. Marie took the hood off saw my expression and realised something was wrong. She removed the ballgag.

"I need to pee," I yelled making Marie jump.

"Get me out of here," I bellowed. 

"Okay," she responded whilst releasing me.

I got to my feet staggered and lurched into the bathroom. Marie followed.

"Oh god, oh god," I muttered trying to take the panties down and nearly releasing my bladder in panic. Marie knelt in front of me and calmly eased the panties down. I couldn't wait until they were off so as soon as the they were down to my knees, I rolled up the skirt and sat on the toilet. 

"Ohhh, ohhh," I murmured and my relief became a crescendo. I sat there and grinned then noticed Marie.

"Get out," I yelled "give me some privacy." 

"But." Marie started to respond.

"Get out," I repeated.

The door closed behind Marie and I stood up and lifted my skirt as I looked at my intimacy and dried it with toilet paper. 

I left the bathroom and found Marie waiting in the bedroom. 

"Why didn't you tell me you were going to leave me? What the hell have you been doing?" I asked.

"I put the webcams out so we can see what happens at night, there is one in every room," she answered as she helped me struggle out of the glove.

"All this is pointless," I continued "look!" 

I grabbed the dress and put it on over the rubber dress. 

"This won't stop me putting the dress on," I ranted.

"Umm no," was Marie's subdued reply.

"You've put webcams in every room? Does that include the bathroom?" I asked as I started to absorb what she said. 

"Umm yes," was the hesitant reply. 

"Have you just recorded me in the bathroom?" I asked.

"Of course not," she said but with a grin.

"What have you done?" I questioned.

"Well," said Marie and attempted to side-step and walk around me.

"Well?" I echoed.

"The cams might have been set to public," she said quietly. "I am just going."

"No you are not," I interrupted. I sat on the bed and hauled her across my lap. I lifted her skirt and pulled down her panties raised my hand and spanked her as hard as I could as she gave little yelps. I spanked her until her bottom was a glowing pleasing shade of red. 

Chapter 2

After I eventually got out of the rubber outfit and dressed normally. I went back to the kitchen and found a note from Marie. She apologised and asked if I could forgive her. She had always been a bit of a live wire, but her heart was in the right place. Marie had gone out for a couple of hours but despite her lack of predictability she had raised my spirits. I no longer felt alone.

When she returned there was a brief period of contrition until she was sure I had calmed down and then she was back to herself.

"I had an idea. You were right when you said how hard it is to find any information about this household of the past. We have too many questions but not enough information to target our searches. I thought about your idea to gather information and I agree it is the best way forward, but we need to be smarter in our use of that information. I have a friend Brian who is into cartography, not just modern maps but maps of the past. He is an estate agent but has some talent for computer modelling. I am sure if we can get some landscape details, he will be able to help us find the location. What do you think?" asked Marie pausing for my reaction.

After a pause of my own, I smiled and expressed my gratitude. 

"That's a great idea. It will give this a bit more structure," I said, "but where does the rubber fit in?"

Marie laughed and we spent the evening going over everything that had happened so far to bring Marie up to speed. We agreed that tonight I would wear the dress. 

It had been a long day and the evening quickly passed. I showered and put on the blue silk dress. I stood in front of Marie as she ran her eyes over the puffball sleeves, the corset style top of the dress and the full length three-tiered skirt.

"Show me," said Marie and gestured that I lift the skirt. I lifted it slowly until it was above my waist.

"Well," said Marie nodding approvingly "I guess this is a commando mission so it is a good thing you can't get your knickers in a twist."

It was my turn to laugh and I responded, "But it seems I can still twist yours."

That night we cuddled up in the bed. Marie's naked body spooned me from behind her, body pressed against the dress, as we drifted off to sleep.

Chapter Three

Cold toes as my bare feet crossed the stone floor before I climbed the wooden stairs. I followed my mistress to a room. Her hand on the door she turned and looked at me.

"Remember you make them want you, but they do not taste tonight," she reminded, "Do not forget."

I nodded and she opened the door and stood to one side as I entered. Two men stood by the window. I stood before them and gently swayed my hips and I smiled at them. I sat on the bed my feet dangling. Their eyes glued to me I rolled backwards onto the bed and lay legs parted murmuring as I pointed my toes. I turned onto my front pushed up on my knees and held the position ass in the air. I sat up drew my feet in pulled my legs, with my knees upto my chin and watched them watching me. Their britches bulged as they watched my feet and ankles. They stared as I revealed my knees. I lay back slowly pulling the hem of the dress up revealing my thighs. I stroked their whiteness slowly with my fingers, I parted my legs wider everything on view as I licked the fingers of my left hand. The slow but firm strokes of my tongue mesmerised them. My wet fingers touched myself and parted my lips and I explored myself as they moved closer. My job done I got off the bed and left the room. Any longer and they would have tried to take me. I had seen it in their eyes. The Mistress nodded at me as I passed her and went down the stairs. I went to my own room and tried to listen to the voices down below. Sleep overcame me as I concentrated. 

I was soon awake again and still in the dress. The cock crowed and I opened my eyes. 

"Marie what have you done," I whispered. She didn't answer, she was in my bedroom in another time, another place.