 I didn't mean any harm. I guess you could say that is my mantra. My friend Louise was gone replaced, by someone or something. Her body had been hijacked and had taken off, but it was no joyride. This next section of the story is mine to tell. 

*****

Chapter 1

I woke up spooning Louise. She was still wearing the blue dress but sleeping calmly. I'd had an idea and smiled as I took the remote control egg and lifted the skirt of the dress admiring the legs underneath. I moved one leg and with a little lubrication inserted the egg. Louise turned away from me in her sleep. I paused until she seemed completely settled. I pressed the button and started a gentle buzz inside her. She trembled a little in her sleep. I increased the buzz slowly and Louise started to stretch and suddenly sat bolt upright.

"Louise." I said softly. 

She swivelled her body turning to face me. I moved to comfort her seeing panic, before I saw someone else's eyes. I froze as her feet struck out and propelled me from the bed. I came round and felt a lump the size of a tennis ball on my head. I turned on the light and sat on the bed. I saw the blue dress on the floor and heard the hum of the egg amongst it. I checked the flat. Louise and whoever inhabited her body was gone. 

I wandered aimlessly about the flat as I pondered what to do next. I swallowed some painkillers and started to think. I had installed webcams in every room. I grabbed the laptop and started to watch. I watched as the interloper in Louise's body checked on me after I caught my head. She then opened doors, looked in all the rooms and found the front door. She opened it and then shut it. She returned to the bedroom and took off the dress and dropped the egg on top of it. She put on a grey dress and went to the front door. She then just walked out of the door.

I called Brian because I needed help. One half of a devoted gay couple, an estate agent and more importantly a friend I could rely on. 

"I need your help Brian," I said as soon as he answered.

"I know you told me yesterday," he replied sounding half asleep.

"No there is more, come now." I hung up before he could object. I turned off my phone knowing if he couldn't call back he would come.

An hour later the doorbell rang and I opened the door to a concerned Brian and his boyfriend Dan. 

"Come in," I said.

"So, this is Louise's flat?" queried Brian.

"Yes, that's right," I answered.

"Is Louise here?" interjected Dan. 

"Can you both sit down and I will tell you everything?" I requested.

"I didn't really believe Louise when she told me. I thought it was all in her head, so I didn't take it seriously. So please let me tell you and don't judge until I am finished," I asked.

They nodded and I told them, all of it. I could see their doubts as they listened. It was only when I showed them the webcam footage that they became more serious. 

"Ok, I am not sure I buy into the dresses part in this?" Dan queried, "Is Louise playing a joke on you?"

"This no joke!" I exclaimed, "We need to find Louise or whoever she is." 

"Where would she go?" asked Brian.

"How would I know?" my exasperated reply.

"I have a suggestion." said Dan "If she is from the past, our world could freak her out. She might seek somewhere familiar. Nearly all the houses are new build. The buildings that haven't changed are the churches and also maybe a couple of the local farmhouses."

"That sounds reasonable," I commented.

"Brian can you computer model a map of say 10 mile radius around the flat and then we will list the places to try first?" Dan asked Brian.

"But we may need help, to check those places out" said Brian. 

"I have contacts on phone who will help. They can search. You and Brian can co-ordinate things from here, Marie," Dan proposed.

Still anxious but calmer now we had a plan. I heard Dan giggle to Brian as he told him, his contacts may need a reward. Brian responded with a wink.

Chapter 2

I slipped out of my room and could hear the Master and Mistresses raised voices. 

"Sometimes she is like two people. There is something I don't understand." the Mistress explained.

"I watched her last night and how did she know how to do that?" the Mistress continued.

"They would have sold their souls for her last night," the Mistress opined.

"Yes, She is sweet," the master replied.

"You're a fool," the mistress told him. 

The floor creaked and I froze. There was no opportunity to retreat as the door opened. 

"Well dear it seems our shy one knows how to eavesdrop. Come inside," the mistress instructed.

She shut the door behind me and said, "take off my dress."

I took off the dress and stood naked in front of them. 

The Mistress stood behind me and her firm hands on my shoulders pushed me to my knees.. He dropped his britches and his large cock swung in front of my face. I opened my mouth and he pushed it in. The Mistress entwined her fingers in my hair and then forced my head back and forward making me gag on top. 

"Remember she said you are my maid. Every part of you is mine," she reminded. Her fingers closed my nostrils as he choked me and I heard her whisper, "even your breath is mine."

I coughed and spluttered on my knees as her attention shifted. 

"How did she get out from a locked room husband?" she accused.

"I am sorry I forgot," he apologised. 

She pulled me to my feet and whispered in my ear.

"You think with your cock and balls," she said.

As he opened his mouth to reply, I kicked him hard my bare foot crashing into his unexpecting balls.

"Stand husband." she shouted and nodded at me. I continued to kick until he was on his knees. More afraid than I had ever been I looked down at my Master knowing that if he was at her mercy, then none would be spared for me. I was property nothing more, but maybe less. I knew I could not survive here for long. 

I walked naked in front of the mistress back to my room. She locked the door behind me.

The room's darkness echoed my despair. My plan was too survive and I hoped to God that I didn't need a plan B.