 Candles where lit everywhere in the basement giving the place a serene look. Almost could have been romantic especially being that in the center of the room Foxy was sitting cross-legged and naked. Unfortunately for me, I knew she didn't sit there for romance. A pit rose in my stomach making me feel the need to squirm. See, she was about to do a miracle and for a Kitsune that meant sacrificing a tail. I didn't know what the details where, but I knew that before the attack earlier in the day that Foxy had five tails. Now she had two, three used up to keep herself alive. The fourth sacrificed so that I could talk to my mate Dana through our telepathic link. 

My name is Vance. An eighteen year-old boy who's hot neighbor revealed herself as a werewolf. She had also decided to turn me so much better. Even kept a bunch of secrets that came out when the Alpha werewolf of another pack found her. Now it was just me, Foxy and Aysel together. Dana, Remi and Kristen were in the clutches of my rival alpha. Though her probably didn't see me as an alpha. With a much bigger pack, it was probably gonna be a short contest for the guy to tear me limb from limb. Abandoning my mate meant having her to a worse than death. 

Foxy's tails twitched and I looked at them. Great white tails the two of them. Bushy and tall. The fur looked soft and I wanted to embrace one. 

"How long is this going to take?" I asked. 

The Kitsune said nothing as she sat. I could barely see her chest move or hear her breath as she sat in her close-eyed trance. It was unnerving me. Especially because my impatience coupled with the audible footfalls of Aysel above as she paced. 

I sighed. 

"Hush pup," Foxy said, the first words after she explained the price she would have to pay for me. For the pack. And man the guilt was heavy. Too afraid to move now in fear of continual disturbance, I stood there heart pounding in my ears as I had little mythological knowledge of a Kitsune. What I did know is that a Kitsune's power directly related to the number of tails. Reduced to one, what would Foxy be? 

"I'm ready for you."

I looked over to Foxy. She was now staring at me, her eyes glowing an ethereal blue. 

"What should I do?" I asked.

"Come here," she said with a sigh. There was an annoyance in it and I wanted to yell at her about the lack of information. Instead, I did as she bid. 

I walked over and sat down in front of her. Even though she hadn't said anything about sitting, I assumed we would have sit at eye level for whatever needed to happen. 

"Give me your hands,"she said with seriousness written all over her face. 

I present them to her and she grasped them. 

"What's going to happen?" I asked. 

"A miracle."

The candles all went out at the same time, plunging the room into darkness for a second. Foxy's body became covered in an ethereal blue and that blue light began to grow brighter as seconds passed. 

"By the old rules, I offer up for sacrifice, my tail to fulfill this charges wish," she said. "Grant to him, the ability to use telepathy to its fullest to talk to his mate."

And like that the spell went off. 

I watched as her glow quickly dimmed. That was my first sign that the spell was working. The second is that I watched as one of her tails just blinked out of existence. The third was the physical change that washed over Foxy. 

Foxy was a woman who flowed with curves and oozing a sexiness that could almost rival my mate, Dana. Now, I watched as he body shrank and curves disappeared. She went from looking like a woman to a nubile girl right out of high school. Her features regressed in age and where she once oozed confidence, and I could tell how afraid she was now. 

She threw my hands away and scurried away from me into the shadows. I reached out but words stuck in my mouth. I sat back in defeat. 

Then something else gathered my attention. It was a prayer coupled with an apology. Even though I knew the speed was being used to help the telepathic link between me and Dana, it took me a second to realize that it was Dana. 

"Dana?"

"Vance?" She said. I could hear the hurt in her voice.

"Yeah, it's me."

What else was I going to say?

"For sure?"

"You have this mole on your right butt cheek."

It was like I could feel the blush on her cheeks. Whatever the spell had done, it had really pushed this link to whatever it could fully be. 

"How?"

"Foxy performed a miracle for me so I can find you guys."

"Vance, don't."

Even if her request was grantable, it fell on deaf ears. I had already moved out the basement and through Dana's house. There was an instinct I couldn't hold back. Something driving me now to claim back what was mine, and also punish the rival alpha. An alpha who possessed the audacity to come into my territory to take my pack. A growl resonated in my throat, but standing on the front porch, I was surprised that an audience stood before us. Standing before more were four wolves. All of them looked surprised to see me. 

"Must be the ones hunting Aysel."

We stood there for a second. Enough for me to sense that Myself had stepped up behind me. She was in her wolf form, something I just knew by her aura. 

"Vance, you can't win," Dana said.

"You should have more faith," I said in the link. Outside of that though, I roared at the group of wolves. 

They growled in response.

Like that, the switch flipped. Never thought I would be dumb enough to run headlong into a group of werewolves in human form. The four of them attacked me all at once. It became a blur to me all the dodging and jumping. I am sure I look like some sort of madman but hey, when my change started I didn't even register it. I just know blood filled the air and I knew it wasn't mine. What was four soon became three and then two. I knew Myself had taken one-off me, but I had disemboweled the other. It was on the lawn and during one of my dodges from another attack, I land near it. It may have lashed out, but soon I was holding its head in my hands and flinging the body part at one of the others. 

There was some sort of scream of horror from the one I threw the head out, but it was enough of a distraction for me to grab the other. In a flash, that one lay lifeless on the ground. Somehow it too had lost its head in the scramble. For good measure, I threw it at my other opponent. Again it screamed. 

Apparently, it had never found itself in a situation where odd wasn't in its favor. I overwhelmed it and killing it proved easy. Damn thing tried to struggle and get away, but I proved to fast. Locked between talon and jaw, removing its head Did I mention the blood? Just like a shower of it. Sure, I had smelt it in the air, but now I noticed that blood covered me head to toe. And it was making me horny. Quickly I tore off whatever ruined clothes I had left. 

Sniffing the air, I barely managed to pick up the smell of Aysel. I followed it into the woods across from my house. There, it was only a matter of time before I found her in her human form. She was licking blood off her hands when I came out from the brush. 

There was something said between us. Not something I understood, but something that told her that we were gonna rut. Yeah, rut. Sounds like the better word. She immediately turned around and presented herself to me. 

I looked at her rump. For a woman, Aysel was surprisingly gorgeous. Of course, she wasn't as hot as Dana, but the pink slit called to me. And like a month to a flame, I moved towards her. 

"Whoa there tiger," Aysel said holding a hand back at me. "You're gonna have to lube that thing up before you ram it home."

I growled in impatience, but agreement. I reached down and found that I was already dripping copious amounts of precum. Rubbing that around for a second, I decided in a second that forget her opinion of the situation. It was mine to take and so I did. 

Aysel screamed with my sudden entry. To my astonishment, it wasn't out of pain, but of pleasure. I hadn't even begun moving before she was rocking herself off my cock. With a growl of pleasure, I grasped her hips. She may have made me feel good, but I had a need, a blood lust as it were to satisfy. 

Being a werewolf meant having sex wasn't too different from being human. The biggest difference I would have to say is that there existed that bestial surge of power. Being a werewolf also meant that for whatever reason, the physical feelings of sex were exponentially intensified. For example, in my human form, there felt like a wight existed on my body like a condom. In my werewolf form that weight didn't exist.

Feel like my cock was sliding into velvety heaven bare. Velvety and tight as it massages my probing my cock. I sat there for a moment buried deep in her, relishing the feeling. 

"Aren't you going to continue?" Aysel said with a growl.

Her words broke the serenity I had. Not that I could complain. Who wants to just be joined in sex. 

"Well," I began. "You asked for it." 

I grunted as I slammed myself into her. She screamed out over and over with a barrage of different words. I didn't really hear what she was saying often, but man the verbiage from her would have put a porn star in a hard-core film to shame. Speaking of that, it gave me an idea. 

The strength of a werewolf isn't apparently matched very well. Sure earlier at the library, I had many books, but some info I read stated as fact that there were few rivals. As such, I put that strength to good use by doing something I had always fantasized about. 

With much more exertion than I anticipated, I lifted Aysel up until I was standing. I held her legs up so that her feet were up near my head and had her completely impaled on my cock. Like that, I began thrusting into her violently. 

"Jesus Christ Vance, by the moon," she moaned out while her body bucked against mine. At least I could hear her better now, and she was much tight than before. Might have something to do with how deep I was, but jeez did it feel like I was doing nothing wrong for myself. 

So I fucked her like that. Bouncing her up and down and enjoying the workout. Eventually, I leaned up against a tree to help myself out and once there, I was able to thrust into her even harder, which was amazing for me is that I wanted to cum so badly. No matter what I was doing, nothing was getting me there. Whatever haze was clouding me handicapped my cock from what felt like would be a glorious end. After a few minutes, I began to tire from the exertion. 

"Slide it up my ass," Aysel said suddenly. 

Not being one to be told twice, I lifted her up. She helped guide me in, which with a sloppy wolf cock, was especially harder to do that it should have been. Her swearing in frustration and my shaking in impatience clued me into that fact. So when I finally slid past that proverbial barrier of muscles, we both sighed in relief.Didn't take either of long to begin moaning again. Hers as screams, mine as growls. 

The tightness of her ass was just what I needed. As I leveraged myself from the tree and used her legs as handlebars, I drove myself into a fury. 

Man the sun starting setting too. I could tell because, for some odd reason, it felt darker. Not that it mattered, but to me, it just meant that we had rutted nonstop for a while now. How could I be doing this while I needed to rescue my pack? Guilt washed over me and I was about to pull Aysel off when suddenly I felt her grab my chest hair. 

"Dammit cum you bastard," she said with a growl throwing her head back. I could see her ears pointed and that her teeth were sharp. Pain laced through me as she yanked out my hair and that's what it took to send me over the edge that I had been desperately searching for. With a final grunt, I filled her up. So much so that I collapsed to my knees as my mind went completely blank. Sure my tongue was hanging out with a delighted look. 

Aysel slid off my and landed roughly on the ground. I looked at both her gaping cunt and ass and smiled to myself in delightful triumph. Shoot, looking at her anus wink open and shut as it leaked cum out was a sight to behold. 

"I thought you were coming to save us," Dana said suddenly interrupting my thoughts. Fear went through me as I realized then exactly what I had done. 

"Relax pup," she said tenderly. "I'm not mad, but man do you have me worked up now."

"Sorry," I said. "I don't know what came over me."

"Bloodlust. It happens to the best of us and with your inexperience of control, you succumbed rather well to it."

"Her?"

"Well, considering you are the alpha, women will tend to open up to you."

"Oh," I said. I started willing myself to transform back. Naked in the night, I left Myself on the ground sure that now she would be safe. 

"You're just scared to wake her."

That was true too. Looking at the feral woman, she was a mess but soundly sleeping. I knew the red-head had a temper and waking her from a well-deserved peaceful nap didn't seem like a course of action I should take. 

"I need to check on Foxy," I said with determination.

"Listening to you trying to be all responsible is turning me on, Vance."

"Hey now, aren't you a prisoner. Keep it up, I'm gonna think they have you strapped down for in some sort of pleasure dungeon."

I laughed when I thought of the word fungeon. 

"You're a dork," Dana said to me.

"Shouldn't you be more worried?"

"Well, my hero is about to come save me, so my spirits are up."

I began walking through the woods, which in human form was harder in the dark than I liked. I did make it back to a road eventually.

"So where are you?" I asked. 

"Know where the diner was?" 

I replied yes and even told the street. 

"If you get there and see going past it, the road you are on will eventually go to a small patch of woods. The pack resides in there in a small community that has a few cabins."

"How many wolves?"

"Honestly I have no idea. You killed. Few I take it?"

I tried to do a mental count of how many I killed. I decided on nine. 

"Around nine."

"No wonder he hasn't come around yet."

"What do you mean?"

And cue the history lesson. Dana told me how an Alpha's power derived directly from the not only the size of the pack but the strength of its members. Not only that, the mental fortitude of the pack leader was important as that meant how big a pack an alpha could handle. Most Alphas could manage around a dozen people without side effects. More than that, and often the alpha was weaker. Her last point was being that I had killed at least nine, that now, the alpha that had taken her was probably suffering from a major drop in power. 

"That means I stand a chance?" I asked.

"Vance, he would probably run."

Well, score one for my ego. Too bad the flirting wouldn't win the war. 

"So why wouldn't he just make new werewolves?" I asked. That seemed like a direction I would go. 

"He could but all new wolves like that, he might accidentally create another Alpha and then things would get hairy."

I laughed. 

"What's so funny?" Dana asked. 

"Nothing," I said, but she said hairy. I like puns.

By now I had reached the house and went back in. Foxy greeted me but I only recognized her by scent. The woman was no longer well a curvy stacked one. She had completely reverted back to a nubile body. I couldn't think of a reason she should still be naked, but her bushy single tail was whacking behind her. 

"Damn," I said impressed with how youthful she looked. Could have passed now for a college student as before her looks had a more milfy quality. 

"Silent," Foxy said. 

"Sorry, you look great," I said. 

"I'm weak now though."

"Can you get more tails?"

"Not yet, but soon."

"Foxy," I said hesitating a bit. Even though we were standing in the main hallway, Foxy wasn't facing me. She had hung up one of the paintings of landscaped that I had seen before. It had a slash in it, but from my angle, the slash went through the river under orange-leaved trees so it wasn't really bad. Still, though, I wondered why she was reaching out to stroke over the uneven paint. I knew nothing about paintings or even art, but I knew the winter one stirred a longing in me for a freedom I never knew I wanted. But her, with a soft hand, caressed the torn canvas with light fingers.

"You miss something?"

"I was born over two hundred years ago in a small village in the mountains of what is now Germany. My tribe of Kitsune were immigrants that had bred themselves into the local populace. The fall was something to behold, but once winter set in, everything became so beautiful under the blanket of snow."

"The picture reminds you of it?"

"A bit. You can't imagine what you can forget over time." 

"How long will it take to get more tails?"

"I think it took me fifty years to get my second tail."

And cue in the full brunt of the guilt once more. 

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

"Maybe," she said still not even looking at me. "I know I joined your pack to get my next one."

She walked off disappearing into the house. I felt really bad. As such, I decided to go back home and prepare for my rescue attempt as a distraction from the pain I had caused. Closing Dana's front door with a sigh I walked back over to my home. 

"Vance, you shouldn't worry," Dana said to me. 

"Just feel bad."

"Don't, Foxy knew what she was doing and she has you now."

I didn't answer but went inside my house. Up to my room, I got dressed, grabbed my wallet and my phone. Cue another problem as the phone began to ring. 

"Hello?"

"Vance, come over."

Fuck. It was Katie. My former babysitter and sexual teacher infected by yours truly Vance the Werewolf.

"You're home?" I asked. She was breathing heavily almost like she was in the throes of being in pain. Fear went through me. 

"Dana?"

"You need to get her out of the house. If she is changing it'll be bad."

"Katie, why don't we meet somewhere instead."

There was silence for a moment. A deadening silence that made me worry that she had hung up the phone. Heck, I even checked mine to see if she had. 

"Katie?"

"Yeah, how about the community center in ten."

I agreed, but as soon as the phone clicked a sense of guilt washed over me. 

"Dana?"

"You need to go Vance."

"But what about you guys?" I asked. My concern genuine that if I waited, harm could come to the three of them. 

"We will be fine," Dana said. "But that young woman won't. If she changes fully without you there, the consequences will be disastrous."

"If you're harmed the consequences will be disastrous," I said in some sort of defiance. I truly wanted to blow off Katie to rescue Dana. Some sort of desperation to have her had overcome me. Plus the amount of guilt piling up on me about the sex with Aysel earlier and the delay. 

"Vance, if she turns and kills people it will expose the pack."

Pack. That's all I needed to focus on the task at hand. I had to protect the pack. Getting redressed, I made my way through the house. 

As I passed my mom's room, I stopped and listened. I heard her snoring and moved on to go downstairs. There, I wrote a note for her and left it on the counter. The last hurdle to pass for me involved working up the nerve to take the car without permission. 

"I find it funny you worry about that," Dana said. 

"Why?" I replied. I had stopped originally to look at the keys on the kitchen counter. There they were though. My mother's car keys. With the faded grocery discount card hooked up on a ring where brass now showed through rubbed off silver. Some of the keys sported that same look, a testament to their age and use. The biggest feature on it was a cross, which looking at, it had never occurred me to ask about. It never dawned on me that my mother was remotely religious. 
