 INTRODUCTION & DISCLAIMER - One night in London in 1966, a pretty 19-year-old typist named Louise finds out why there is always a warning to turn off your TV at night, and why you should never leave your television showing snow when she falls asleep on the couch. Will Louise learn her lesson the easy way or the hard way?

I hope you enjoy my first attempt at an erotic horror story. I mainly write on other boards, but always set my stories in the past, hence this one being set in 1966. Plus, with the demise of analogue TV and TV stations on 24/7, one never sees TV snow anymore!

The story is based on an urban legend that persisted for years of people seeing ghostly human and animal shapes in the snow of their TV sets that had been left on late at night. If you are afraid of the supernatural it is unlikely you would be on the Erotic Horror board, but just in case you ended up here through clicking on story tags, be warned of the story themes that may scare some people.

For North American readers who may be unfamiliar with British slang, the expression 'fanny' is used for vagina on some occasions.

I hope you enjoy this story; please rate and comment. Please note that all characters and events are fictional with similarity to real people unintentional and coincidental, and only characters aged 18 and over engage in sexual activity.

***

THE rays of late afternoon sunshine reflected from 19-year-old Louise Grainger's long, straight blonde hair as the pretty young woman, dressed in a green jumper and matching green miniskirt, made her way home. Louise was one of many similarly dressed female office workers heading for home on this beautiful spring Friday afternoon in London.

Louise, tired after a long day at the typewriter and frustrated after the spirit copier broke down several times, yawned as she waited for the red-double decker bus, then climbed aboard and paid the clippie for her fare. Louise yawned again when it reached her stop about twenty minutes later, and she disembarked.

Louise walked in the direction of home, which to Louise was a flat shared with a nurse named Debbie and a young school teacher named Pamela. Louise's fine feminine figure, the tight jumper accentuating her large breasts and the mini-skirt her long legs and shapely bottom, caught the attention of a group of young men. One of them raised his fingers to his lips and let out a loud wolf-whistle, he and his mates laughing and joking.

With a sigh, Louise kept walking, used to the way guys carried on around her. Reaching her flat, Louise fumbled in her bag and took her house keys, turning it in the lock and opening the door.

Debbie, a tall pretty brunette was sitting at the kitchen table, wearing her nurse's uniform, eating her tea before commencing her night shift. The television was on in the small sitting room, showing a game show. Debbie looked up as her flatmate entered, and gave a welcoming smile. "Hi Louise, how was work today?"

Louise smiled and said, "Not bad, I can't complain. Well only about the spirit copier. Does your intensive care unit admit spirit copiers? I think it needs to be there."

Debbie laughed. "If it did, we would send ours there too. The bloody thing is always breaking down."

A bedroom door opened and Pamela, a slim, pretty redhead burst in wearing a black mini-skirt far shorter than the one worn by Louise, and a black blouse that showed a great deal of her ample cleavage. She fumbled in her handbag for her makeup. "Hi and goodbye Louise," she said. "Dean will be here to pick me up any minute. I'll be back tomorrow afternoon."

Having found her blusher, Pamela held up the mirror and applied it to her face.

"Did you have a good day?" asked Louise.

Pamela smiled. "Try teaching fractions and long division to kids who want to be out in the playground kicking footballs around. It's not a picnic."

"I'll pass," said Louise.

"Me too," said Debbie, finishing her dinner and taking her plate and cutlery to the sink to wash them.

Pamela's boyfriend arrived to collect her, and Debbie headed out for her night shift, leaving Louise with the flat to herself for the night. After removing her high-heeled shoes so she was barefoot and able to relax her feet, Louise got herself some dinner. Afterwards, she lay down on the sitting room couch watching the black and white television, her long legs stretched out, wriggling her toes.

A news segment came on about the upcoming World Cup, and Louise knew that her father and two brothers would be interested. They were football mad, which drove her mother crazy. Louise herself liked football, but not to the extent of her father and brothers. They were convinced that 1966 was England's year, and as host country, they would be certain to win. Louise wasn't as confident.

The evening passed, and tired from the long day, Louise's head began to nod and she fell asleep at around 8.30pm, waking up when she began to snore about 15 minutes later. Thinking she would stay awake this time, Louise again drifted off into the world of nod, and this time the girl awoke half an hour later to a noisy band on a music show. Sitting up a bit, Louise resolved to get up, turn off the television and go to bed, but the young woman was so tired she immediately fell back to sleep, and this was how she remained.

The hands of the clock turned as the television remained on, the sleeping Louise oblivious. The hands of the clock turned to 10 o'clock, then 10.30, 11.00 and when the hands approached the time of 11.30pm, the strains of 'God Save the Queen' came from the television set, followed by the sound of a male announcer, with an upper-class, plummy accent.

"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the scheduled programs for this evening. We remind all viewers to turn off their television sets before going to bed. Thank you."

Louise did not hear the national anthem, nor did she hear the announcement. The screen began to show static, or more commonly referred to as snow, this casting eerie light patterns around the sitting room where Louise continued to sleep. Her knees drifted apart in her deep slumber, showing her white knickers under her mini-skirt.

The hands on the clock continued to turn, and it was when they reached 1.30 in the morning that Louise's eyes fluttered opened to reveal her pretty blue irises. Yawning, Louise felt disoriented for a moment, before glancing at the clock. "How did I sleep so long?" she asked herself.

Louise glanced at the television, which was still showing the static snow. She stretched her arms and went to get up off the couch, intending to turn off the television set and go to bed. Then she paused, an expression of puzzlement on her pretty face.

Amongst the snow was something else, an outline that looked like a human figure. Louise got to her feet telling herself it was nothing but an odd pattern, rather like clouds that looked like people, animals or objects. The teenager's expression, however, changed to one of apprehension when the shape was not lost in the rest of the snow but remained, and became clearer and better defined.

Louise felt her stomach knot in fear as the static human shape moved around in the TV snow. The girl breathed heavily when it stopped as though looking at her, then began to advance forward. Louise wanted to run, run as fast as she could but found herself stuck to the spot in fear, trembling. She opened her mouth to scream, but no sound came out. She didn't want to look at the television set, but could not look away as the shadowy figure filled the screen.

Her heart racing, all color drained from Louise's face at what happened next. With a shimmering effect, the figure emerged from the television screen and was in the living room, the snow continuing on the television set. At first the figure was small, like a garden statue, but then it began to grow until it formed a more defined human shape, definitely male, about six feet tall, consisting entirely of black and white TV show.

Through terrified eyes, Louise watched as the figure began to change. It remained black and white, but began to show human features, and clothes – a suit and black shoes. The figure's hands took on human qualities, and only its face remained as snow. Then this began to meld into human form too, turning into the face of a young man. The figure was completely human now, but still black and white. Then with a flash, the figure turned to color, and whatever had come through the television set was now human, an incredibly handsome young man with dark hair, tall and dashing, much like a popular music or movie star.

The terrified Louise watched disbelieving as the young man smiled at her. She cowered as he approached her and extended his hand. "Hi Louise, I'm Jack. It's so nice to meet you."

Louise did not want to shake his hand, and could not move her hand anyway. "How do you know my name?" she stammered. "My purse is over there, if you want money take it. Just please don't hurt me."

The young man smiled reassuringly. "Louise, burglars don't normally come out of your television set. I'm not here to hurt you or rob you, I promise. And seriously, I came out of your television set, and you want to know how I know your name?"

Louise had begun to breathe more regularly, but was still anything but relaxed. "Good point," she conceded. "So, who are you? What are you? Where are you from? What do you do? Why are you here?"

Jack smiled, went and sat on the couch, and indicated for Louise to join him, which she did reluctantly. "First things first, Louise. As I said, I'm Jack, and I think we got off to a bad start. I'm sorry I frightened you." Jack again extended his hand, which this time, although still scared, Louise accepted and shook. 

"How can you expect me not to be scared when you come out of the bloody television like that?" asked Louise.

"That's true," admitted Jack. "A television set showing snow is one of the few ways we have of travelling from the supernatural to your world. Is it not true that before the stations close down at night, that they warn you to turn off your television set?"

Louise thought back, remembering the stern warnings always made to turn off the television at night. "Yes, they always do without fail."

Jack nodded. "That's right. And have you ever been told never to watch snow on the television set?"

Louise's mind drifted back to 1955, when as a little girl she had turned on the television set, seen only snow and sat watching the patterns. Her mother had entered, and when she saw what Louise was doing, switched of the set, grabbed her daughter by the shoulder and sternly advised her never to do that again. Louise was then ordered up to her bedroom as punishment. Although years had passed, Louise had always felt that this punishment was excessive, but now ...

"I got in trouble when I was a little girl for watching snow on a television set," said Louise. "Do people know about this?"

"Well, they do and they don't," said Jack. "Stories go around that strange things can happen when snow is left on television sets, but nothing definite and there's no proof. So there are the warnings, but nobody from your world really knows or understands why."

Louise was curious. "You keep saying 'your world'. Which world do you come from?"

"I come from the supernatural. It's a place beyond your comprehension," said Jack.

Louise felt mildly insulted. "How do you know I can't understand it?"

Jack smiled reassuringly. "I don't mean you personally Louise. No human is capable of understanding it. A team of your top scientific experts and psychiatrists working together for five years would get nowhere to near understanding it."

"Okay, I'll take your word for it," said Louise. "So, do you jump through people's television sets all the time? And you look human, act human and are solid, well now you are. Are you human or not?"

"I can go through television sets and enter your world when the circumstances are right," said Jack. "And I've taken this form tonight for a special reason."

"Why, what's the special reason?" asked Louise.

"I've taken the form of the man of your dreams," said Jack. "The man you wish for, who represents perfection to you. Is Jack not your favorite name, the name you imagine when you think of the man who you consider perfect and dream of marrying and starting a family with?"

It was all true. Looking at Jack, his looks, his manner and his personality were all what Louise imagined when she day-dreamed of the man she would fall in love with and marry. And when Louise thought about her dream guy, she always for some reason thought of his name as Jack.

"How did you know that?" asked Louise. "How do you know so much about me?"

"Those of us from the supernatural have an advantage," said Jack with a charming smile. "I know you work in an office as a typist, your star sign is Libra, you have flatmates called Debbie and Pamela, and you have two brothers and one sister."

"That's right," said Louise. She smiled. "What else do you know about me?"

Jack grinned suggestively. "I know that you're wearing white knickers."

"What?" gasped Louise, half laughing, half shocked. "How did you know that?"

"I couldn't help noticing when I was starting to form on your TV set," said Jack. "You were asleep, your legs were open at the knees and your mini skirt doesn't leave much room for error."

Louise giggled, and playfully slapped Jack. "You cheeky sod." 

Jack laughed and said, "Sorry, I couldn't resist that one."

Louise sat back on the couch, trying to figure things out. "So, I left the TV on showing snow, you come through it from the supernatural, a place I have no chance of understanding, and then you take the form of the ideal guy for me?"

"That just about sums it up," said Jack.

"Wow, so are you here for good?" asked Louise.

Jack shook his head. "No, only for a few hours, and then I must go back."

"Oh," said Louise. "So, what do you want to do for the short time you are here?"

Jack smiled. "It's not a matter of what I want to do. It's a matter of what you want to do, Louise. You have your idealized guy sitting next to you, and we can do anything that you like for the next few hours, with no consequences at all."

Looking at Jack, Louise was able to put aside the nervous feelings that lingered over the bizarre way he had come into her life, materializing in the static snow of the television and then turning into a handsome, funny and nice young man whom was everything she wanted in a man. Her female desires took over. Leaning forward, Louise planted a kiss on Jack's cheek.

"I think you have the right idea," he smiled.

Louise smiled, making her pretty face even more beautiful. Jack reached out and caressed her face in his hands, then leaned forward until his lips touched hers. Louise responded, and they kissed on the lips, before they slowly pressed their tongues into each other's mouths, their lips interlocking. Louise's arms went around Jack's torso, feeling his fine figure through his suit. Jack ran his hands up and down Louise's back, the girl feeling his fingers against her bra strap. Inside Louise's knickers, her clitoris tingled and her vagina started to moisten.

Kissing with vigor, Jack and Louise squirmed on the couch, separating only for Louise to take off her jumper, leaving her wearing a white blouse, and Jack his jacket and tie. They recommenced making out, before Louise unbuttoned Jack's shirt, revealing a muscular, hairy chest. She ran her fingers gently through his chest hair, and when she felt his groin against her, a massive erection was obvious.

Jack then unbuttoned Louise's blouse, revealing her large breasts covered in a white cotton bra. Taking a breast in each hand, Jack caressed her boobs, feeling her nipples grow hard. Louise's vagina was getting damper by the second, and she could feel the gusset of her knickers getting wet against her fanny. 

Then Jack took a new direction, leaving Louise's breasts alone and turning his attention to her bare feet. Louise lay on the couch, her knees open so Jack could see her knickers, then moaned and writhed in pleasure as Jack caressed her arches and heels, before moving his mouth to her toes, taking each toe on her left foot in his mouth in turn, sucking and licking them. Louise squealed in delight, the waves of pleasure radiating from her vagina at the sensation. Jack then moved over to her right foot, repeating the process of sucking each of her toes one at a time.

Jack removed his shoes and socks, his already open shirt and then his trousers, leaving him wearing boxer shorts with a noticeable bulge at the front. Louise took off her blouse and her miniskirt, leaving her wearing her bra and knickers. She and Jack kissed and caressed again, Jack's fingers of his right hand going down the back of Louise's knickers, caressing the cheeks of her bum. His fingers probed deeper, going in between the sensitive, ticklish area between her buttocks, Louise giggling when Jack's index finger circled her tight anus. How had Jack known she liked to be touched there, and whenever she pleasured her fanny with her fingers, she would always touch her bum as well?

With his left hand, Jack unhooked the clasp of Louise's bra, and pulled the garment away from her chest, exposing her beautifully shaped breasts, her pink nipples hard from arousal. He took his other hand out of Louise's knickers, and caressed her breasts, her vagina getting damper and then damper still as Jack teased her nipples with his tongue, moving back and forth from one to the other. Louise reached out and touched Jack's erection through his underpants, using her right hand to stroke his penis through the cotton.

Jack smiled his charming smile, and this time put his hand into the front of Louise's knickers, stroking her curls of pubic hair, and probing deeper, feeling Louise's wet vaginal lips and her hard little clitoris, Louise gasping when his finger circled this area, her pussy juice flowing onto his hand.

Withdrawing his hand from inside Louise's knickers, Jack took hold of the elastic waistband and pulled down her pants, Louise's blonde pubic hair, perfectly shaped like a triangle was visible over her mound. Jack slowly pulled Louise's knickers, the gusset scented with her feminine smell, down her thighs, to her knees, her shins and finally to her ankles and bare feet, before taking them off altogether and leaving the white cotton panties on the arm of the sofa. Jack then removed his own boxers, pulling them down and stepping out of them, Louise's eyes wide at the sight of his massive erection.

"Turn over," said Jack. Louise needed no further prompting, and rolled over onto her tummy, the firm cheeks of her bare bottom exposed. Jack lowered his face down to Louise's bum, kissing her cheeks, then licking them. He opened her legs, exposing her pretty pink fanny, and began to lick there too, Jack's tongue probing deep into Louise's vagina, the girl squirming in excitement. 

Then Louise felt Jack's tongue slowly slide backwards along her vagina, to the skin that separated her pussy from the entrance, or to be more correct, the exit of her back passage. Jack's tongue lingered on Louise's anus, circling around the sensitive skin of her tight, starfish-like opening, before working its way inside. Louise's toes curled up, flexing and un-flexing at the sheer delight of this feeling, having a man's tongue – well a supernatural man's tongue - in the most private part of her body. Before now, the only thing to ever experience getting that intimate with Louise's anus was toilet paper, and this of course was only when she was sitting on the loo with her knickers around her ankles.

With gentle hands, Jack turned Louise over, so again she was on her back. He guided her to stand up, then himself lay down on the couch, his throbbing erection standing up like a telephone pole. Louise got on her knees and stretched forward, flicking her tongue against his penis, teasing his balls with her right hand. Jack breathed heavily and squirmed, gasping when Louise opened her mouth and took his cock inside, her tongue running up and down his shaft as she moved her mouth back and forth. 
