 "Mr. Knight..., Mr. Knight, are you awake?" Juanita asked as she gently knocked on the bedroom door. Hearing nothing, she waited a few seconds before knocking again. "Mr. Knight, I hate to disturb you, but..., your car is here."

"Wha...?" Frank Knight called from inside his bedroom, his voice hoarse and gravelly, "What..., what time is it?"

"It is almost 9, sir. Should I tell the driver to come back?"

"AM or PM?"

"What, sir?"

"Is it AM or PM?"

"Oh, sorry," Juanita stuttered. "It is PM."

"Thank God! OK..., I am getting up," Frank answered as he sat up in his bed and coughed. Being a 52-year-old man, with more mileage on him than most, he found his 22-year-old frat boy lifestyle was starting to take more of a toll than it used to. Today was another stark reminder of this harsh fact of biology. After a few more coughs, and some creaking pops as he stood up, he walked over to the closed door, and whispered, "Tell Pedro I will be down in twenty minutes. I just need to take a quick shower."

"Yes sir, I will tell him right away," Juanita said before pausing. "Uh, one more thing sir."

"Yes?"

"Will your..., guest be needing anything to eat? I can make her dinner if she would like before I go to bed."

"I will ask her, but, I know one thing for sure. If you could put on a pot of coffee, it would be great. I know I definitely need that," suppressing another cough, his throat feeling as if he just had eaten the entire Sahara, he added, "probably a gallon. I will drink it on the way to the studio."

"Yes, sir."

Frank laughed as he heard Juanita walk down the hall. Whatever would he do without Juanita? He turned and glanced back over to his bed, the sight greeting his eyes instantly provoking a low sigh. There, his "guest" was sleeping quite soundly, fully naked and snoozing hard on her stomach; out to the world. As he licked his lips, his mouth curled into a grin. Her musky sweet taste lingered heavily on his lips. She certainly was delicious! 

He reached up to scratch his thickly stubbled cheek and felt his fingers grow sticky. Not surprising, actually. Now that he was awake, and his memories of the lovely afternoon spent with his face buried between those gorgeous thighs, he smiled. 

In the dark quiet of his room, he continued to gaze at her in silence as she was just too beautiful to wake up. Her glorious ass, fully exposed as she had kicked off the sheets during their playtime, beckoned to have him kneel down and shower those perfectly formed globes with kisses. The light blue glow from the moon streaming in from the window danced over her smooth flawless skin and had his mouth watering. Damn, but I am one lucky old MOFO! He padded quietly over to the bed, bent down and puckered his lips and placed a long wet kiss on her left cheek. He knew his day was just starting, and as pleasant as his afternoon had been, sadly, it had to end.

"Morning lover," she cooed as the feel of his mouth on her rear woke her. 

"It's not quite morning, babe," Frank laughed.

"What time is it?"

"Nine."

"AM or PM?"

"PM," Frank said, "but, sadly, it is "morning" for me. I really hate to see our very delightful day together end, but, I have to go to work. My car is waiting."

"Oh, do you have to, Frank," the girl said as she sat up in bed and leaned back seductively on her left elbow, her full gorgeous naked body displayed before him. Playfully shimmying her shoulders back and forth, her perfect breasts; large and oh so delectably round, jiggled as they swung back and forth. "I think we would have so much more fun if you stayed here." 

Frank grinned as he watched the delightful and highly erotic sight. Damn but did she not have a good point, he thought. But, sadly duty called. With a wink, he quickly shook his head clear from his erotic haze and walked up from the bottom of the bed to stand over her, his eyes never straying from leering at her perfect tits. 

"You boys do make a powerful case," he said as he bent down cupped her erect nipples in his fingers and gave each one a quick swirl. "But...," he continued, "I really do have to go. I need to catch a quick shower before I head out. But hey, I can have Juanita make you something to eat. What would you like? She is a master chef and can prepare anything you want."

The girl giggled and shook her head as she leaned back and stretched her right foot off of the bed. Frank whimpered when it reached his crotch and she ran her big toe down his freshly sprouted erection. "Your mouth says no, Frank, but it seems little Frank has other ideas. I think he wants you to stay home and play hooky with me tonight. Don't you want to play hooky with me, Frank? I bet we could get up to all sorts of mischief."

Frank smirked as he grabbed her foot, lifted it to his mouth and kissed it. "Oh, I bet we could! And although little Frank definitely has the right idea, and I share his sentiments; big Frank still has bills to pay." Lowering her foot down to the bed, he added, "I am really sorry, but, I do have to get going. I go on the air live at midnight, and it's a hard start. I cannot be late."

Pouting, the girl nodded, got up out of bed and glanced down at the floor, looking for her panties. They had been unceremoniously ripped from her body by Frank's teeth earlier that afternoon, so who knew where they were now. She giggled as she spied them lying over by the window.

"I guess we got a little carried away."

"I guess we did," Frank said as he watched her bend down to retrieve them. He felt his erection stiffen again as she began pulling the tiny thong up her body, her delicious pussy spreading as she stretched them over her curvy hips. Seeing those soft, velvety pussy lips calling out for him to come and slam into their warm sticky depths, he sighed yet again. It was hard not to rush over and continue their delightful romp. Very hard, and the atmosphere was not helping. The moonlight streaming in from the window silhouetted her achingly perfect curves, so soft and round and made even more enticing as her long dark hair cascaded down her back. Damn..., why couldn't I have planned to run one of the "Best of" shows tonight. I wonder if it is too late to call Jane and switch up?

As the girl continued to scan the bedroom for the rest of her clothes, she said, "It sucks you have to work, but, you are right, duty calls. And, I guess I should go too. I probably should try and study some tonight. I have a big exam tomorrow."

Frank winced.

"You don't have to run off just yet, though," Frank said. "Just because I have to leave, doesn't mean you do. I was serious when I said I can have Juanita make you something to eat while I am gone." He walked over to the back of his bedroom door, and lifted his black silk robe from the hook, before saying, "Really. Just tell me what you want, and I will go tell her to make it before I pop in the shower."

"Well, I might have a better idea," the girl said as she turned and walked slowly over to Frank. Nearly naked, somehow made even sexier by being clad only in her brief thong, when she reached him and pressed her tight, young body against his, Frank felt his balls quiver. "Maybe I should join you in the shower? After all, you made me quite a dirty, dirty girl this afternoon." She bit her lip, and added, "So, perhaps I should return the favor before I get you all nice and clean?"

Frank bent down and kissed her deeply, gripping his left hand firmly over her tight ass as he cupped her tit with his right. Feeling his cock grow even harder as her rock hard nipples pressed up against his chest, he growled, "Mmmm, I like how you think!"

She smiled and licked her lips when their mouths parted. She tasted her own pussy on his face and it made her wet. Reaching up and tracing her finger over his mouth, she said, "And it looks like you will need a lot of cleaning. I made you quite a dirty, dirty boy, too. You are coated with my pussy juice, I really hosed you down good! You older guys love to eat pussy." 

"Yes, we certainly do. Especially wet girls like you. You know, I pegged you as juicy the first time I saw you," Frank said with an appreciative groan. He dramatically ran his tongue over his lips and added, "I got you all over me, Babe. And I love it!"

The girl said, "you know, I changed my mind. Suddenly, I do feel hungry. I think some big sausage links in my mouth might be just what I need."

Frank said nothing as she reached down, grabbed his cock, and led him into the bathroom. 

After a quick shower, preceded by an expertly applied blowjob, Frank and his guest emerged from the bedroom. There, waiting for them in the foyer of his Upper Westside Penthouse Apartment, was Juanita, two travel mugs of coffee in her hands. 

"Juanita, you are the best," Frank said as he air kissed her. 

"I will tell Pedro you are ready, sir," Juanita said. 

"Can I keep this," the girl said as she lifted up the travel cup. "The girls back at the dorm just won't believe it! They love your show and eat all that spooky shit up." 

Hearing the word 'dorm', Juanita instantly covered her mouth with her hand as she squelched down a snort. Frank shot Juanita an irritated look, but her bemusement would not be contained, so he smirked and looked back at his guest. Seeing his guest admiring the mug, he grimaced. It was so cheesy, he felt more embarrassed than flattered. 

The coffee cup was a promotional idea from the station. How much of the modern economy was based on manufacturing crap like this? Some companies give out keychains, some mousepads, but for WNBC, it was coffee mugs. This particular mug had Frank's mug emblazoned right across the front with the words 'Night Caller with Frank Knight - Weeknights: Midnight to 3 AM - AM 940'. The picture they used was Frank at his melodramatic best, dressed in a Tux and wearing the most Vincent Pricey sinister scowl he could muster on his face. Looking down at his present outfit of ripped cargo shorts, flip flops and a faded T-Shirt, he could not help but think of how far reality strayed from fantasy.

"Juanita, please get her an extra mug," Frank said. With a wink, he added, "After all, it isn't every day someone can acquire such a precious object like this."

"Yes sir," Juanita said as she nodded. 

When Juanita came back, she had two mugs in her hands. She said, "I took the liberty of—"

"Oh Frank," the girl cried. "I couldn't possibly take two! That would be greedy, and I am sure you want to keep one!"

"Honestly, Babe," Frank said. "I probably have a hundred of these laying around." Taking a big slurp out of his cup, he groaned appreciatively. Winking over at Juanita he said, "excellent coffee as always." He turned back to his guest and said, "I can sign it if you want. I have a special pen for just such a purpose. The ink is even dishwasher safe, they say."

"Oh, that would be great! My mother would love to have one signed too, if you don't mind. She told me she used to listen to you all of the time when she was in college. I know she still listens regularly since she is always going around the house saying, 'well, let me be Frank', just like you do when you get a crazy caller on the phone."

Frank jerked his neck quickly over to Juanita as he heard a loud snort erupt out of her nose. Raising his eyebrow, he smirked and shook his head, but grinned. He knew Juanita loved seeing him squirm, and this was squirm worthy. 

Turning back to the girl, Frank said, "Yes..., my catch phrase, it has served me well. OK, what is your mother's name."

"Oh, the same as mine," she said. "It's a family tradition. The girls always take their mother's first name."

"And..., uh, well...," Frank stammered.

The girl, her grin gone, said flatly, "Just make it out to Donna, please." She frowned as she added, "Perhaps I should have left my Starbucks nametag on."

Frank jerked his head back to glare at Juanita who now had to excuse herself to the kitchen, her giggles now impossible to contain. 

"All right, there you go," Frank said as he finished signing the mug. "Now, let's be off. My producer probably has had her third heart attack by now. I will make sure my driver takes you home in style once he drops me off."

Donna, now grinning once more, said, "I have never been in a limousine before. Well, not a private one, only one rented for a friend's bachelorette party."

"Well, Donna," Frank said as he guided her to the door, "I will make sure Pedro gives you the full star treatment. It is a nice perk of the job."

When Frank turned the doorknob, the sound of tiny clicking nails echoed down the highly polished marble floors of the foyer. The clicking noise was soon drowned out by the loud yipping barks of Rosario, Frank's Chihuahua. 

"Good night, girl. I wasn't going to leave without telling you goodbye," Frank said as he bent down and pet his dog, her whole body vibrating and wiggling as he ran his palm all over her quivering body. When he stopped petting her, Rosario turned to Donna and started yipping as her tongue hung out.

"Well now, this is rare," Frank said. "She likes you! Rosario doesn't like just anyone, you know."

"I love dogs," Donna said as she squatted down and scratched Rosario behind the ears, quickly being covered in slobbery dog kisses. "And she is a cutie."

"Oh, she is," Frank said. "It really is Rosario's house. Juanita and I just live here."

"Bye, girl," Frank said as they walked out into the hall. 

After the short elevator ride from his 27th floor penthouse to the lobby, Frank and Donna walked out of the lobby onto Central Park West. They both exhaled loudly once they stepped outside. The hot August night hung thick in the air like soup, and was a huge change from the pleasant chill inside.

"Good evening, Mr. Knight," Pedro said as he opened the limo door. He stopped, and grinned, when he saw Donna. He knew his boss' predilections well. As she stepped forward, he glanced over to Frank, and said, "and guest?"

"Yes, Pedro," Frank said as he winked, "and this lovely lady needs a ride. Can you give her a nice tour around town in style before taking her home? Drop me off first, though. I am already shamefully late, and Jane is going to rip me a new one."

"Will do, boss," Pedro said. 

The ride from 72nd and Central Park West to 30 Rockefeller center was shockingly quick. In the middle of the day, it could take up to an hour, the traffic in New York always awful. Tonight, however, traffic was relatively light. New York never sleeps, but, at 10PM on a sweltering Tuesday August night, when most sane Gothamites were on vacation, was one of the few times the Big Apple slowed a bit. 

Frank grinned as he watched Donna staring out the window of the limo like a child on her first carnival ride. She was so lovely. Thank God he ordered the Venti Carmel Macchiato from her yesterday afternoon. It certainly turned into a fortuitous purchase. After gazing for a while as the New York streets flew by, she turned back to him and grinned. When their eyes met, she looked him up and down and cocked her head. It was as if she was studying him like some artifact from another age.

"You know, Frank," Donna said, "I have listened to your show for years, and you are not at all like I pictured."

"I don't know how to interpret that. Is that a compliment?"

"It is, trust me, it definitely is," she said as she snaked her bare foot out of her flip flop and ran her toes up his bare calf. "You are a lot more relaxed than your official image." Pointing at the mug in her hand, with the dapper tuxedo clad man with silver streaks in his hair, glowering out from the porcelain, she said, "One, you are a lot hotter than your picture." She winked as she added, "and I should definitely know now, having seen the full Frank, so to speak. Plus, you dress more like my brother than my Dad. The guy on this mug definitely looks more like my Dad."

"Hey!" Frank said with a laugh. "I should be insulted."

"No!" Donna cried. "Don't be insulted. I meant it as a compliment. You are very casual, and very hot! And damn, your voice is so sexy! That is the one part of you that is the same. But, I would doubt many of your fans know that the formal, and kinda scary, Frank Knight goes to work every night in cargo shorts and a T-Shirt."

"That's the beauty of radio, Babe. Much less fuss than TV," Frank said as he laughed. "But I really can't complain about the image I have constructed for my public persona. I have milked that Vincent Price shtick for a while now, and it has been quite the profitable gig. Plus, I only have to dress that way for promo shots and special appearances. The rest of the time, I am on my own, and can easily go in and out of crowds with no one recognizing me."

"Yeah, I would never have guessed it was you. Plus, you are so much sexier than the sinister 'Dad' image on all of the billboards, and this mug," Donna said as continued working her toes up his leg. "The mug guy is way too old."

"Well, Dads are old, you know, and as I am sure you know by now, I am no Dad." 

"No, you are not! You seem almost like my age. My Dad is old, I think he is almost 47!" she added as she playfully flicked his zipper with her toe.

Frank's face dropped and he went silent. Gently grabbing her ankle, he lifted her foot from his crotch and winked. "As much as I love having your toes in my crotch, I have to have you stop. I Can't waltz into work with a woody, you know." 

Donna pouted playfully, but turned and resumed looking out the window. A few minutes later, 30 Rockefeller Center came into view and the car slowed. Pedro lowered the window to the back seat, and said, "Pick you up at 6 AM Boss?"

"Yeah. I have a shitload of promos to do after tonight's show, so I may be late."

"Sure thing," Pedro said as he parked the car. 

Frank turned to Donna, and gave her a long smoldering kiss. After their lips parted, he said, "Now, you just let Pedro know where you want to go, and he will take you anywhere you want. You have full use of the limo for the whole evening." He growled as he added, "Damn, do I wish I could play with you tonight, but, duty calls."

"I had fun today, Frank," Donna said. "Even if you didn't remember my name."

He kissed her nose and said, "Not true! I remember your name perfectly. How could I not? Such beauty has scorched itself deep into my psyche. You are delicious Donna, the most delectable and delightful Barista in New York." He paused, and added with a wink, "And let me be Frank..., the next time I am in your store, I will be sure and order a venti mocha Frappuccino. Who knows where that might lead?" She laughed as he closed the door and walked across the plaza towards the entrance of the main lobby. 

The Plaza in front of 30 Rock was relatively quiet tonight with few tourists milling around. At Christmastime, you could not hack your way through here with a chainsaw, but tonight, it was great. Free and open! Glancing over at the skating rink, Frank saw it was abandoned. Not much ice skating in August. Entering the main lobby, he smiled even wider as the polar artic chill of the air conditioning washed over him like a flood. Even though he had only been outside for just a few moments, already his T-shirt clung to his chest, soaked in his own sweat. 

"Evening, Mr. Knight," the security guard called out from behind the enormous gold and brown desk at the end of the entrance hall. Frank nodded up to the guard, who seemed tiny in the impressive surroundings. The lobby of thirty rock is always a sight to behold, even for Frank who had trekked through this passage thousands of times over the twenty-five years his show has been on the air. From the enormous Diego Rivera mural on the walls, to the stark geometric designs on the highly polished marble floors, to the art deco columns holding up the high ceiling, it was designed to overwhelm and impress. If you were privileged enough to work here, stepping inside this cavernous entrance, you knew you had "made it". 
