 Angie Lynn sighed when she heard the back screen door slam close. "Thank God," she whispered to herself as she closed her eyes. Alone at last. 

The walls of that tiny house were so confining, especially in the heat of summer. They say heat expands and cold contracts, but it seems just the opposite is true. In the sweltering dog days of summer, the world closes in, the air grows thick, the walls sweat as the earth waits for the first chill of autumn. Sadly, that is a bit away, so for now, everything bakes. 

It was only morning, and already she was sweating. No wonder, though, the A/C barely worked. A slow trickle of cool weakly oozed out of the dust choked vents above her head, but she knew it was not for long. From the silence of her bed, she heard the compressor rattle and wheeze outside, signifying it was about to give up the ghost. She grimaced as she imaged what NEXT summer would be like without it. Even the mountains of Kentucky grow as fried as the Colonel's favorite poultry in the full force of August. Maybe next year I will finally get out of this shithole. I can't stand another year here. I need to do something! 

Angie Lynn lay completely still for a few more minutes as she continued to listen, every sound in the house amplified by the heat. After only hearing the slow dying groans of the A/C unit for a while, she grinned. Silence..., complete and total silence greeted her ears. It was confirmed, everyone was gone but her now. 

Five people living in a two-bedroom rancher was a problem — a major problem. But today, however, if only for a few moments, she would enjoy that rarest of treats — complete and total privacy. Living in the basement of the home she grew up in, now her Aunt's house, amidst the dirty laundry, the occasional mouse, piles and piles of paper and old Christmas decorations and low overhanging pipes serving as her 'closet', made Angie Lynn savor these rare moments. She didn't even have a proper bed, just an old couch bed jammed up against the staircase leading upstairs. 

Is this how she thought things would be? When she was a little girl, she had hoped for so much better, but life gets the last laugh sometimes. You want to be happy? HA! Not for you Angie Lynn, you have a debt to pay. It was a debt you did not incur, but one for which a big Goddamned bill has been given. Grandma sure got the last laugh, didn't she? The only home she had ever known was bequeathed to her Aunt in Grandma's will; a fitting and typical final big "fuck you" from that bitter old woman. 

Angie Lynn was not surprised by her misfortune. She grew up on a steady diet of resentment and anger, served up nightly with a side of humiliation and bitterness. She learned early in life to lower her expectations. It made the tragedy more palatable. 

It wasn't her fault that her Mom ran off and left Grandma to raise her. She was only a baby after all. Babies, do not make plans — they only fuck plans up. A fact Grandma made sure to remind Angie Lynn of every day of her life. It didn't matter that Angie Lynn had nothing to do with it. Logic and reason were not Grandma's strong suit; and Angie Lynn was a living reminder of how her life had been thrown away by her daughter's poor choices. Another fact she liked to remind Angie Lynn of every day.

Now an unwelcome "guest" in her own home, and barely making any money at Tastee Freeze, Angie Lynn was trapped. Those beautiful green mountains of Kentucky were a terrible snare. A gorgeous Appalachian hellhole, sucking you in, crushing your dreams and chaining you down into an endless cycle of poverty, meth and trailer parks. Is that how she would end up? Does a yawning toothless hellish future await her? Already several of her friends were shooting out youngins and medicating themselves at night with either Jim Beam, or something harder, so it was a slippery slope. And Kentucky can be quite slippery, after all, its initials are KY. She would not follow this path if she could help it, but, she felt her fingers slipping. The desperate clawing struggle out of this dark pit was not an easy climb. 

She climbed the creaky stairs up to the first floor, and quickly glanced around to make sure no one was home. Mercifully, she was alone, as she hoped. She hated showering when Aunt Jackie's boyfriend, or even worse, his two teenage sons were home. And to her chagrin, they were almost always home. Perves! She had their number. The minute Aunt Jackie brought Sam home and he and his two sons all moved in shortly thereafter, her already shitty life got even shittier. She constantly felt their lusty stares on her twenty-year-old body, stripping her with their eyes, their redneck brains imagining doing all sorts of things to her. She complained to her Aunt, but as soon as her words left her mouth, she knew it was pointless. Aunt Jackie would have none of it.

Her aunt, God bless her, was a frightened woman. Frightened that her options were poor. Frightened that her financial circumstances were somewhere between grim and apocalyptic, but most of all, frightened that her one asset, her looks, were slipping. At 39, she still was beautiful, but her beauty was a curse as much as it was a blessing. Angie Lynn understood. She didn't agree, but she understood. Desperation is always easy to relate to. 

Angie Lynn was beautiful too, and like her Aunt, so far, it had not served her well. So many fumbling romps in the beds of too many pickup trucks..., she had no shortage of male fans to fend off. She heard that her mother was beautiful too, and often wondered. Had she finally gotten fed up with living in this two-bit town and ran off to find a better life, taking her one shot at happiness despite the consequences? Saddling old Grandma with her baby to raise as a final parting gift? Was that who her mother was? Aunt Jackie always said so. She often said Angie Lynn's mom, Jenny, was nothing but a worthless whore, so it was clear; bitterness and anger ran in the family.

Once upstairs, Angie Lynn entered the bathroom and tried in vain to close the door tight. It was useless. It, like everything else in this white trash hovel, was broken. Warped wood, and a sinking foundation kept the door perpetually ajar. But today, alone, she guessed it wouldn't matter. She wouldn't have to worry about Sam, or one of his knuckle dragging redneck sons watching her through the opening. Today she was alone, and for just a brief second, she smiled. 

Stripping off her T-shirt and panties, she stared at her reflection in the mirror. I wonder if this is what Mom looked like when she was my age? Grandma always did say she was pretty, right before always adding that she was a worthless slutty cunt. I wonder if I am pretty? The boys at Tastee Freeze seem to think so. 

Angie Lynn was pretty, beautiful actually, and this fact only enraged her Grandmother more. It was like she was seeing a rerun of a horror movie she knew the ending to. Don't go upstairs, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Myers is still alive! It was as if the sins of the mother were doomed to be repeated by the daughter. 

"You ain't nothing but a low rent whore, just like your Mama!" Grandma retorted to every perceived slight. Somehow Angie Lynn's long lithe legs and curvy figure was like a knife stabbing in her heart. Yet another daily living example of how her daughter's recklessness blew up her life. 

Now naked, Angie Lynn turned on the water to fill the tub and felt the steam quickly fill up the tiny bathroom. It made the heat wetter and even more oppressive, but, Angie Lynn liked the feeling of the hot moist air on her skin. For just a moment, she could imagine she was in some high end spa and wasn't trapped in her white trash hell. In her mind, she could pretend she came from money, and was spoiled and pampered..., like a Kardashian maybe. "Miss Angie Lynn..., the masseuse will see you now? Or perhaps you would like a refill on your champagne first?" She giggled to herself as her imagination took hold. Being alone in the house also meant she would not have to rush. One bathroom for five people creates constant pressure to hurry, so today she could luxuriate in a long bath, shave her legs, and maybe even paint her toenails. She had time, blessed, abundant time. 

Sitting on the edge of the tub and pressing her bare foot into the porcelain of the sink, she lathered up her legs. She loved the feel of the cool foam on her already sweating and sizzling legs, and she ran her hands up her calves and smirked. Damn..., I am furry as an ape. It has been a long time since I have been completely alone in the house. Now covered in foam, she took her razor and snaked it up the back of her thigh. When she leaned forward to rinse her razor in the sink, she caught a sudden movement out of the corner of her eye and froze.

There, reflected in the mirror, she saw an eye staring at her through the crack in the door. Wide open and bloodshot, it ravished her body, now completely nude and totally exposed to its lusty gaze. She knew the owner of that eye. It was Billy, Sam's 18-year old son. Damn that pervy fucker! 

Shuddering, Angie Lynn quickly covered up with her towel, and spun towards the door. 

"I see you Billy! Now get out! This is some fucked up shit, even for you!"

"You are so beautiful, Angie Lynn. Just let me watch," Billy said. "No one has to know."

"You are a such fucking little pervy piece of shit. I am going to tell your Dad."

"You aren't going to do a God damned thing," Billy cackled as he now opened the door wide. "I got a shitload of pictures of you. Oh..., lots of good shots too! Your pussy was all nice and wide, begging for me to come plough into you. You know, you were showing all your goods right to the camera."

"You little fucker! I ought to kill you. What are you doing taking pictures of me naked, you bastard!"

"You are so hot, Angie Lynn," Billy said. "I love your titties. Those are some spectacular melons you are sporting there, and I think it is time I see them bouncing up and down in my face as you ride my cock. And since we are alone in the house for the first time—"

"—In your dreams, fucker," Angie Lynn snapped. She leaned over and pushed on the door, grunting as she struggled to close it. As expected, it wouldn't shut all the way. "God damn it, why is everything so fucking warped and twisted in this house, just like you bastards."

Billy shoved hard and thrust the door open wide again as he barged his way inside. 

Angie Lynn gasped. She was used to being spied on, but this was different. When she smelled his breath, and the cloud of liquor wafting out of his mouth hit her nostril, her spine tingled. This was very bad. Billy was drunk. He was always drunk, but, given that it was early, this level of inebriation, this early in the day, was unusual. Her skin crawled as the reality of the menace poured over her. Drunk fuckers don't always think straight, and she was afraid this was just one of those times.

"Listen up, Angie Lynn," Billy said as he backed her up against the wall, her hands trembling as she clutched her towel tighter against her body. "I know you want it. I know you want me to shove my cock into you. You have been prancing around here, waving those big tits and wiggling that ass around, driving my brother, and my Dad, and me all crazy. You love it, don't you. You love getting us all hard..., well, today somebody is going to do something about it. And that somebody is me."

Angie Lynn felt her stomach drop. She knew Billy was a perve, along with the others, but this was way worse. Now he was dangerous. 

Billy was a bear of a man; six foot four and built like an ox, he had at least one hundred pounds on her. Years of weight training and football had sculpted him into a beast, and his personality matched. If he wanted to take her, she was pretty helpless to resist him, but she hoped it was just a joke or more shit talk. He always was a big shit talker. Her face fell as the full force of the realization that she was completely alone in the house hit her head on like a Mack truck. The thing she had so craved so much, for so long, was about to bite her in the ass..., big time! 

She grimaced as she felt his hot bourbon saturated breath wash over her face. He was so close. Too close. Her ass twinged in pain as it was stabbed by the towel bar she backed into, and the room got hotter and hotter as the steam from the bath kept on growing. She glanced down and saw his jeans were tight, his bulge quite prominent. He was very hard. God knows how long he had been watching her. 

"Billy..., listen, don't do anything you will—,"

"What?" Billy snapped. "Regret?" he said as he gripped her towel and ripped it off, tossing it onto the floor. As her nudity was exposed to his eyes, he growled his approval. "Yeah! I don't regret this at all. You are a fucking hottie, Angie Lynn, and those titties are even more perfect in person than I could have imagined. You have been teasing me so long, you need to let me suck on them. You have to. Trust me, you'll love it. It can be our little secret," he added as a broad grin crawled over his face and his two enormous bear-like paws cupped her exposed breasts. 

Angie Lynn felt sick. She was totally naked now and this leering, moose had her cornered. Was she going to be raped? God knew, if he wanted to, she certainly could not stop him. Closing her eyes, she sighed, and dug down deep into her gut. She needed to think and she needed time. When she opened them again, a grin snaked over her face.

"So, Billy," she cooed. "You say you have been watching me for a while?"

Billy lurched back. Her tone and demeanor surprising him. "Yeah..., uh, it's hard not to. It's a small house."

"That it is," Angie Lynn said as she ran her finger down his bulging, filthy T-Shirt. He was repulsive. Overly muscled, sweaty, smelly, crude; but, she had to put that revulsion away. She had to tamp down her emotions. She had a role to play. "So, do you want to do something other than watch?"

"Yeah!" Billy said as he reached for his belt and his face nearly cracked in two from the smile erupting on his mouth. With his free hand, he pawed her breasts like butcher pounding veal as he fumbled with his belt. 

Angie Lynn gulped as she fought the rising bile in her throat, and said, "Not in here, Billy. This bathroom is too small."

"What?"

"Don't you want to have all of me? Have me do things to you, filthy things, things you have dreamed about, night after night as you lay in your bed and jacked off to images of me in your head?"

"Angie Lynn," Billy whispered as he pressed his body up against hers. "You are making me so hard. I have waited for this day for so long. I knew you wanted me."

"Oh, yes, Billy," Angie Lynn said as she gently ran her fingers up his arms. His arms felt like a sack of hammers, and she felt his biceps flexing as his blood ran hot in his veins. "I have been watching you too, you know. I watch you working out in the back yard every morning."

Billy smiled. "You have? You know I can bench 350."

"Impressive," Angie Lynn said. "But..., if we are going to do this, we need to do this my way. I can make it good for you, Billy. So good you will never forget it, but, I can't work in here."

"Yes!" Billy howled, screaming like a homeless man finding a winning lottery ticket. "I want you so bad!"

Angie Lynn gritted her teeth and clenched her jaw. It was hard to keep the smile on her face, but she did. Her mind flashed with images of kneeing this fucker hard in the balls, seeing him gurgle in agony as he dropped to the floor. But..., that would not do. No. Satisfying as that may be, it would not help her. She was alone with this monster, so she had to be smart. That, thankfully, was one area where she benched 800 and Billy couldn't even lift the bar.

"Now, let's go down to the basement," she said as she forced a girlish giggle out of her mouth. She added, "You know, I frig myself to sleep every night down there, thinking about you."

"Holy fuck! Holy Fuck! Holy Fuck!" Billy cried before Angie Lynn pressed her fingers against his lips.

"Now come on, you don't know how long we have the house to ourselves."

"Oh, we have all day! My Dad and brother are at work and your Aunt...,"

"Yeah, she won't be back until late," Angie Lynn said. "Perfect! What I have planned for you will take a while. You like it slow, don't you boy?"

"Oh yeah," he hissed as he ran his rough fingers over her nipples. Angie Lynn flinched as she pulled away. "My last girlfriend had no complaints about my lovin skills."

"Now, now," she said. "There will be time for that later. I thought you wanted to see them bouncing up and down in the air as I ride you, right?"

"Yeah, right," Billy said.

"Now, go down stairs and I will meet you."

"Not so fast," Billy said. "You may run off. I don't trust you."

Angie Lynn sighed, and shook her head. "Such a big baby. Now why would I run off? I can't wait to get my hands on you!" She wrapped herself in her towel and took Billy by the hand and led him down the stairs into the basement. After pulling out her couch bed, she sat on the edge and said, "OK, Billy. Fair is fair. You saw me naked, now it's my turn. Let me see your meat. God...," she added dramatically as she closed her eyes and bit her lips, "I have dreamed about it for so long."

"You want it bad, don't you?" Billy crowed.

Angie Lynn licked her lips and said, "Oh yes, I want it bad."

For the next few minutes, Angie Lynn channeled her inner actress as she watched Billy strip. He wasn't particularly bad looking, but, he was a pig, and it was hard to maintain the expression of lust on her face. Repulsion and hatred struggled to burst out, but, as she thought of her plans, it helped maintain the illusion. Some pigs need a lesson, and this one was about to receive big one. 

Now standing naked before her, his cock was already hard and dripping. As his eyes burned into her, Billy lunged forward to grab her but was stopped when Angie Lynn put up her hand and pressed into his chest. His flesh was hot to the touch and she could feel his heart beat through her fingertips. He was so horny, it was intoxicating. This was almost too easy.

She stood up, pointed to the bed, and winked. "OK, boy. Lay down." Leaning forward, she ran her fingers down his chiseled chest as she whispered into his ear, "Get ready to have your world rocked."

"Fuck yeah!" Billy howled as he leaped into the air and dove onto the bed, his cock bouncing back and forth from the impact. It was just like all of those touch downs he scored playing football in High School, diving those last few yards into the endzone. 

Angie walked over to her dresser, opened the top drawer and smiled. There it was, just where she left them. Thank God her last boyfriend was a kinky freak. That certainly was going to come in handy today. She took the handcuffs out of the drawer and held them behind her back as she spun back to gaze at Billy on the bed. Biting her lip, and forcing out a sexy pout, with her free hand, she loosened her towel and let it drop to the floor. Now she too was naked, and as her eyes were trained on Billy's cock, she saw it flinch. Little Billy approved. 

"Hot damn, you are one sexy bitch," Billy said. 

"You are such a sweetie," Angie said as she strode over to the foot of the couch bed and crawled onto the mattress, struggling to keep the cuffs hidden behind her back. "Now, spread your legs, Billy. I can't get to you if you are all cramped up like that."

Billy quickly shot his feet out to the edge of the bed, spreading wide. Angie Lynn bent down and lightly bit his inner thigh. She could smell his lust permeating the air. It was like a sex bomb had gone off, the waves of arousal flowing out of every pore on his body. She crawled up his body, and sat on his stomach, laughing as she felt his erection slap against her bare ass. 
