 Randy hung up the phone seconds before there was a knock on the door. Lindie had just told him that her trip was going well, but some unexpected business my keep her there a few more days, if not another week or two. Something about a business associate of her sister's being out of town, and how she had to wait for him to return to take care of something. 

Lindie always spoke cryptically, but he could tell from her tone that she was fine. She ended the call with, "We're friends, Randy. You don't need my permission to fuck anyone. In fact, I look forward to licking where you've been when you're done. Enjoy." Several hundred miles away, and she knew.

Becca knocked again. "Room service" she called.

"Come on in." Randy called back.

Becca's smiled beamed. She bounced as she pushed the dinner cart through the door. Randy could smell her moist pussy and knew she had masturbated several times before coming to work that day.

"Miss Becca, I remembered how good breakfast was, so I decided to try dinner here, too." Randy smiled at her. He really was hungry for food, though.

"Well, Mr. Randall, I hope you're hungry. When I found out you were staying here again, I tipped the cook a little extra so you'd have enough to - eat." She raised her skirt and flashed her freshly - waxed, hairless pussy. 

"Would you care to join me for dinner? Big, juicy steak? You didn't have breakfast with me last time, but I think those were different circumstances. This time, I think you can - and should - indulge. I know you want it," Randy pulled the sheets aside exposing his swelling dick.

"I've had a taste for meat all day." Becca said as she stripped out of her hotel attire.

"I know the feeling." Randy smiled. He cut a piece of steak and put it in his mouth and smiled again. "Now, that's good."

Becca frowned as she slid next to him in bed. Randy cut another piece of steak and offered it to Becca. She shook her head no. He put the second piece of steak in his mouth, but before Becca lost all hope, he grabbed her by the back of her head and pushed her face into his lap. 

"And that's even better."

She kissed and licked his rigid cock with renewed vigor as Randy finished his dinner. She didn't interrupt him, and she did her best not to interfere as he enjoyed what turned out to be a very satisfying steak.

Becca didn't have to be told to move the tray off the bed. She hopped off the bed as soon as Randy was finished eating his food, and placed the tray and glasses on the small business desk. Then, she stood at the foot of the bed. Beaming, posing, and waiting.

"I'm ready for desert." Randy said as he pulled a strand of meat from his teeth. Within seconds, Becca was face - fucking Randy. Her wet pussy made Randy's mouth and nose glisten. She must have been on the verge of orgasm because when she did come, it was quick.

She didn't know the rules with Lindie had changed, and was surprised when Randy pushed the head of his cock in her mouth as he came. 

The taste was different in some way. It wasn't bad, but it was different than the dozen or so other ejaculates she allowed to fill her mouth. She swallowed and that load was soon replaced with another. She was surprised by that, too. Again, she swallowed, as Randy motioned for her to lie on her back.

As she laid on the bed, she raised her knees so her feet were on the edge of the bed. She looked between her raised knees as Randy stepped closer, his thick cock bobbing left and right as he moved.

"I know you want me to fuck you," Randy started, "but you need to understand that's all this is. Fucking. I will make you come when I fuck you. Several times, if you'd like. But don't misinterpret this as anything more than fucking between friends. Do you understand?"

He may as well have been talking gibberish, as the only thing Becca could think about was feeling Randy's large, veiny cock inside her. She nodded emphatically.

Randy took his time. He imagined Becca teased herself with her dildos before pushing them all the way inside her pussy and asshole. He pushed the head of his cock between her wet pussy lips, and then pulled out. Becca looked at him with disappointed eyes.

Randy pushed the head of his cock back in, this time a little deeper. She gasped.

He fucked her for a few seconds and then withdrew, taking a step back from the bed.

He left just enough room for her to step off the bed and kneel before him. She sucked his cock until he motioned for her to stop, and then she resumed her position on the bed.

Randy entered her again, this time easing in a little further, and fucking her a little longer. Again, he withdrew and stepped back. She dropped to the floor and licked his shaft, balls, and fingered his asshole.

After he motioned for her to get back on the bed again, he held her legs as he fucked her with half his full human length. Becca choked and gasped as he hit bottom. He filled her completely, and fucked her through three orgasms. She would normally rub her clit whenever she knew the guy was getting close. Randy showed no signs of getting close, and paused only long enough to reposition her. In every position she had every tried, with both men and women, Randy fucked her. Had it not been for the phone ringing, she wondered just how long he planned on fucking her - not that she was complaining. Her tight pussy was only beginning to feel a little sore.

"Is everything to your liking, sir?" the hotel manager asked.

"Yes, thank you." Randy said. He stood as he spoke, while Becca resumed her position on her knees.

"Um, is Becca there?" the hotel manager asked, shyly.

"Yes, we've been talking about current events and must have lost track of time. Is she needed at the moment?" Randy asked.

"Um, no, I suppose... may I speak with her?" the hotel manager stuttered.

"Her mouth is full at the moment. How about I send her down after I've finished eating?" Randy asked.

"Still eating, sir? She was supposed to bring your food two hours ago. Is she just getting there now? Your food must be cold!" The hotel manager exclaimed.

"No, the food arrived on time. I'm just a slow eater." Randy looked down as he filled Becca's mouth with come again. She looked at him with loving eyes, maintained her lip lock around his shaft, and swallowed. "And so is she."

Randy hung up the phone and pulled Becca to her feet.

"Don't look at me like that. You said you understood." Randy held her wrist tightly.

"I understand, Mr. Randy. Please don't hurt me." Becca smiled drunkenly, and licked her lips. "It's just that I've never been fucked like that before. Every woman should experience something like that at least once."

Randy relaxed his grip. "I was holding back."

"Don't get me wrong, Mr. Randy. I think you're incredibly attractive. I'd fall in love with you in an instant, but..." Becca paused.

"But what?" Randy turned and held back the growing snarl.

"Well, I don't want to sound like a slut, but I just wanted to fuck, and you told me that's all this was going to be. You have an incredible body, and a huge - appetite. I prefer my boyfriends - and girlfriends - to be shaved down there, but I could always get past your hairiness if it meant a good fuck." She looked up at him as she held his cock in her hand. "And I'm on the pill, so if you want to fill me up with your come during that good fuck..."

"You'd better get dressed, Miss Becca. You need to keep this job, remember?" Randy begrudgingly removed her gentle hand from his stiffening cock.

"Okay. Will you be here tomorrow?" Becca said as she gathered up her clothes.

Randy paused for a moment, not sure what her intentions really were. "Yes."

"Good. I'll make sure I'm on shift in case you need anything." Becca winked. She put on her blouse which barely covered her ass and walked out barefoot.

"Aren't you forgetting something?" Randy asked, looking at the rest of her clothes and shoes next to the desk.

With surprising speed, Becca turned around, lifted herself on the toes of one foot as the other foot lifted behind her, and kissed Randy full on the mouth. He kissed her back as she squeezed the shaft of his cock as tight as she could. Her small hand barely fit around half the circumference, but Randy appreciated the attempt. She finally let go as their lips parted, she turned, and walked directly to the elevator. He watched as the doors opened, surprised guests exited, and she stepped in. Before the doors closed, she turned around, bent over, and spread her ass cheeks. 

"Until next time." She said with a wink from between her legs as the doors closed.

Randy made his usual runs in the area, and kept a low profile. Lindie had provided him with enough cash to stay at the hotel until he wanted to move on. She called him daily, but never emailed. Their conversations were brief and to the point, but seemed intentionally emotionless.

Randy ordered room service the next two nights, and Becca brought his food promptly and courteously, followed by no less than three hours of blissful sex. Becca was very passionate about each position, but jumped when Randy's dicked popped out and accidentally pushed against her anus. 

"I'm not ready for you there, yet." Becca whispered as she guided his cock back into her pussy. "Do you like anal?" Becca whispered in his ear.

"If the woman has a desire for it, I won't refuse her." Randy said as he allowed her to kiss his face.

"Okay, I think I'd like to try it sometime. You'll be my first." Becca smiled as she felt Randy's cock spasm inside her.

Randy worked late the next two nights, and was too tired to either eat food, or Becca's pussy. He used the following day to recover, lying in bed naked most of the day. Housekeeping left him some extra towels, but seemed to spend less than a minute in the room.

He decided he was ready for dinner, ordered room service, and waited patiently as he was unusually hungry, and equally horny.

Randy was initially disappointed when the girl that walked through the door with the dining cart wasn't Becca. She was pretty, but small, and was not dressed in the hotel uniform. 

"Who are you?" Randy asked. The girl looked like she was still in high school.

"She's my little sister." Becca said as she caught the door before it closed. "She's very shy and doesn't talk much."

"What's your little sister doing here, Becca?" Randy asked.

"Same as me, Mr. Randy." Becca had already taken off her blouse and was working on removing her unnecessary bra. "To get fucked by that gorgeous cock of yours. Except for her, it'll be her first time. For me... it'll be the first time up my ass. You still want to fuck my ass, don't you, Mr. Randy?"

Randy eyed both girls cautiously. Becca definitely had a mischievous side to her. But he couldn't sense any ill intent in either girl. 

"How old are you?" Randy asked Becca's sister.

"Eighteen... and a half" Becca's sister answered, staring at the floor.

"And you've never been with a boy?" Randy sniffed.

"Just kissing, making out. A little fingering and a blow job, but I'm not very good at those yet." Becca's sister said quietly. "Becca told me that you were the best she's ever had, and that if I didn't let you have sex with me, I'd never know how good a dick in my pussy could feel."

Even though Becca had moved out of her parent's home a few years ago to live closer to school and work an hour away, she found time to visit them and her sister at least twice a week. Becca and her sister shared everything, despite their age difference. There wasn't anything Becca wouldn't do for her little sister. She taught her how to drive, how to balance a checkbook, how to meet boys, how to meet girls, how to kiss, suck cock, lick pussy, and use a dildo. 

Becca's little sister didn't want to lose her virginity to a rubber toy, thinking somewhat romantically that only a boy's rigid cock should get the honor. She just hadn't met the right boy. Her mom had told her to wait until 17 to date, and 18 to have sex, only so she was old enough for marriage if she became pregnant. 

Still, she knew that boys would want to fool around, and likely have sex with her. 

Despite her short height, she was very pretty. Her body was slightly pear - shaped, but still proportionate. Her only dissatisfaction with her body was her breasts, or lack of them. Her mother had natural 36D's, and Becca managed to maintain 34C's even though she ran almost every day. Becca's little sister could barely fill an A cup. What she lacked on top, she more than made up for on the bottom. Her legs were shapely, and smooth. Her feet were petite, with pretty toes that everyone complimented her on. Her ass was mind - boggling. While her face was very pretty, her ass turned more heads than almost any other's on a girl her age.

Most of the girls she knew from school had experimented with anal sex. At least, they said they did. Some of the girls thought she was somewhat prissy, as she had a reputation of being a virgin in most respects. She was a good girl, with good grades all throughout school, and hoped to marry a nice guy someday. But she had needs, too. She may have gotten a late start becoming sexually active, but she made up for lost time quickly. Her friends had no idea just how quickly. They told her it was nothing to be afraid of, but to take anal sex slow at first. 

Becca probably had no idea how often her little sister used her secret birthday present in her ass instead of her pussy. The rubber toy was nothing special, and was shaped like an average - sized cock. Becca's little sister made the toy part of her usual masturbation sessions. 

Her first serious boyfriend was denied her pussy, but she allowed him access to her asshole. It initially hurt more than the toy, mainly because he was in a hurry, but he got better. She even let him come in her asshole, although she soon realized it would take the rest of the day to get it out of her. Another two boyfriends later, she found the prospect of letting a boy take her from behind a turn on, and even orgasmed during anal sex a few times. One of her older boyfriends bought her a butt plug, so she could accommodate his thicker cock easier. She soon upgraded to larger versions of the device, but her pussy ached to be filled. 

When she looked at Randy's large member, it looked two or three times the size of the boys she had been with. Despite the anxiety and apprehension over the pain she knew she would initially feel, her pussy was becoming very wet. 

"Well, what do you think? Is this how you want to lose your virginity? With someone you don't even know?" Randy asked, shocked despite his swelling tool.

"I'm a little scared, but Becca said you were a good man, and you know what you're doing." Becca's sister said as she looked up at Randy. "I want it. I want a man to fuck my pussy. I want a man to make me come the way you make Becca come."

"She's not as innocent as she looks, Mr. Randy." Becca turned back to Charlotte. "You can start by sucking his dick, Charlotte." Becca said as she stepped out of her panties. It was the first time Randy had heard the girl's name.

Randy let his underwear drop around his ankles and stood like a statue before Charlotte. She had never seen such a magnificently large body, or such a large cock. She suddenly had second thoughts.

"It won't fit." Charlotte said nervously.

"It'll fit, eventually." Becca assured her. "You're gonna love it, Charlotte. Take off your clothes and turn around for him. Let him look at you."

Charlotte unbuttoned her top and draped it on the desk chair, and then stepped out of her Capri jeans. She had waxed the small thatch of pubic hair, not that there was much to begin with. Becca painted her fingernails and toe nails for her, which she paused to admire as she slipped her panties off. Her bra was the last to come off. Shyly, Charlotte let her bra slip off her arms and fall to the floor. Her nipples stiffened immediately. Her pussy was wet and slick.

She turned around, looked at Randy over her shoulder, and then turned around again.

Randy sniffed and could tell she was a virgin, but not exactly. Something was off. 

"You've been with a boy. Several, actually. But not in your pussy?" Randy asked.

"That's right. Unlike my sister, I'm no stranger to butt sex. I actually like it." Charlotte answered. She reached behind her, bent her knees slightly, and produced a five - inch long, three - inch wide tapered butt plug. 

Randy raised an eyebrow as Becca's jaw dropped.

Charlotte winked at Becca. "Would you like to borrow this?" Charlotte asked. "It'll fit, eventually." Becca giggled. Charlotte kissed the toy and set it on the hotel room desk.

"Don't worry. I'm clean, Mister Randy. Inside and out." Charlotte said, seeing just a touch of disgust on Randy's face. He breathed deeply, and then inhaled. She was very clean, and smelled like flowers. Her face seemed to brighten as she smiled, and her shyness seemed to fade.

Charlotte stepped closer to Randy. Her head barely came up to his chest. She raised herself on her toes and kissed one of his nipples, giggling at her own forwardness. 

Randy put his hands under Charlotte's arms and raised her to kiss her on the lips. Her tongue met his and she did her best to wrap her legs behind his back. She locked her hands behind his neck and kissed him harder. Randy's cock twitched as it swelled and pointed higher beneath her. He rubbed the head of his cock between her labia. Her wetness was substantial, and the tip of his cock slid in easily.

"Take it." Charlotte said as she looked into Randy's eyes. "Take my virginity, and then fuck me hard enough that I'll never forget it."

Randy eased a little more of his thick tool inside Charlotte's tight, hairless pussy, and felt some resistance. Charlotte exhaled and lowered herself quickly onto his shaft. There was another moment of resistance, followed by warm release. Another three inches, less than half Randy's cock, slid inside her.

"Are you okay?" Randy whispered as if in church. He treated the event as something holy. He had only taken the virginity of one other woman, and he saw honor in the act, more than most contemporary men.

"It hurt a little, but I'm okay, now." Charlotte answered with a smile.

Blood dripped down the shaft of Randy's cock to his balls, and onto the floor. It wasn't much, but the smell stirred Randy's senses. He walked with Charlotte on his shaft to the bed. She maintained her legs locked behind him as he bent down and rested her on the bed. She unlocked her legs and pulled her legs back to admire the site of his shaft sliding inside her. 

As Randy pushed more of his meat inside her, her belly rose as if her organs were shifting to accommodate the intruder. His thrusts were almost rhythmic, and Charlotte let out an uncontrollable moan. She didn't mean to make the sound. It certainly wasn't for Randy's benefit. But her pleasure was unmistakable. She had never orgasmed so hard in her short life. 

"Don't stop." Charlotte gasped.

"I won't." Randy assured her as he quickened his pace. He held her ankles and pulled her toward him, lifting her ass off the bed as he did so. She didn't resist, instead forcing herself to relax and allow more of his manhood inside her. 

The sight of seeing her little sister being fucked so well was almost more than Becca could handle. She quickly positioned herself over Charlotte's face, and Charlotte lapped eagerly at Becca's pussy and asshole. Becca leaned forward and sucked on Randy's nipples between Charlotte's raised legs. Randy pulled out of Charlotte's pussy for a moment and allowed Becca to lick and suck the length of this shaft before gently sliding it back inside Charlotte.

He repeated the process several more times, causing Charlotte's eyes to roll back as she orgasmed again. Her pussy spasmed around Randy's shaft, squeezing tighter than he ever remembered. His orgasm was substantial, and his semen spewed from around his shaft as he continued to fuck her. Charlotte felt as if she were having a heart attack. She had no idea sex could be so good, or that any man could fuck for so long. Her body needed a break, but her mind didn't want the fucking to stop. 
