 Prologue

James met Debbie shortly after his high school graduation. She was a few years younger than he and the sister of a high school acquaintance. Despite their age difference, they hit it off as friends.

After leaving business school to pursue a career in programming, James created a contact data base program that became quite popular across many industries. After licensing the program and making a substantial fortune he went into semi-retirement, working only when he so chose.

Debbie, once finished with high school, picked up a job as a sales person at a local appliance dealership: a job she held for several years. It was a good living, if not satisfying. Her co-workers were friendly, if not particularly interesting or intelligent and she had good benefits 

Over the ensuing years, they would share their lives with each other, occasionally going to lunch or dinner and confiding in each other. Most often, they would spend long hours discussing their lives over the phone. 

To say it was an odd friendship would be to minimize the truth of the matter. James had come to love her in ways that can only be described as "big brother-like," while still harboring a deep physical and emotional attraction for her. In short, he wanted her in his bed more than he had any other woman. Despite this he had kept her at arms length, respectful of their deep and profound bond of friendship.

Debbie saw James as a "girlfriend" with whom she could share her deepest, darkest desires and fears. She loved him very much and could not see herself living without him being there for her. And, much like he felt, she was also very attracted to him and wondered what it would be like to have him touch her in a less chaste manner.

Unbeknownst to James, besides harboring an abiding love for him, Debbie was quite fearful of him because of his knowledge of her true nature. The fact that he had spotted her submissive side, when no one else had, coupled with his knowledge of her extremely suggestible and active libido, was almost too frightening to bear. Beyond all that, she was rather fearful of the many terrible things he had described doing to women during their long conversations. These factors, more than any other, were what had prevented them from ever coming together as a couple.

*

The Object of His Affection -- Awakening 1

 James entered his lonely domicile, dropping his keys on the coffee table and heading to the kitchen for a much needed beer. As he passed through his living room, the phone rang. Picking up the phone, he checked the caller ID. It was Debbie. Immediately, he clicked the "ON" button to receive her call.

"Hey, babe, how's it going?"

"Not bad, you?" she said.

"Same old." 

The long breath on the other end told him that this would be a serious conversation. No doubt, it would be about her boyfriend, a man who he disliked, despite never meeting him. His past conversations with her had given light to the fact that her boyfriend was quite the unappealing sort.

"Uh oh, what did he do?" he asked in a flat tone.

"Damn it, he didn't do anything." she said. "It's what he wants to do."

He grinned. "Let me guess...he wants to tie you up, spank the hell out of you and fuck you up the ass, right?"

"Shut up." she told him. "But yeah, sort of..."

"I'm all ears," he said, chuckling.

"Well," she began "Tony told me that he wants to tie me up. Actually, he did once. Anyhow, it was not big deal, he just used a scarf on my wrists to tie my hands over my head."

"Um, in bed, I am assuming?" he asked.

"Yeah...anyhow, I broke the scarf." she started." Well, Tony wants to really tie me up. With ropes or chains or something."

James listened to her as she drew her next breath and stammer to say more, finally interjecting "So, you're afraid of it but you want it at the same time?"

"Yes." she whispered.

James was sure of where the conversation was headed. She was waiting for him to say something but he wanted her to go forward on her own, enjoying her struggle.

"Well, what do you think?" she finally asked, frustration in her voice.

"Go for it." he said. "Let him tie you up."

She growled at him. "Fucker! You know it's not that easy for me."

"Okay, let me guess...you're afraid that if you are really tied up that you won't be able to stop him from doing things to you that you don't want to happen?

Debbie took a deep breath, affirming his question with a grunt.

"Well, Deb, the way it goes is like this..." he began. "If you let someone tie you up, you are letting them have control over you and your body. So, anything that you don't want no longer matters."

"That's what I was thinking." she said. "What if he does things that I don't want to do?"

He sighed. He had been down this road with her a hundred times, explaining the dynamics of a BDSM relationship. She knew his thoughts on bondage and permissions given. Still, he felt compelled to go over them again.

"Debbie, if you let him tie you up, you are giving him license to do whatever he wishes," he said. "It doesn't matter what is said before hand...if you allow it you allow him anything."

They meandered off of the subject for a while, speaking of other factors in their lives. Eventually, it came back around to bondage and the possibilities that go with it.

"Deb...you're afraid he is going to fuck your ass. That's what this is about, isn't it?"

"Yes...I never let my ex-husband do it to me and I am not letting him do it," she said. "He has tried to cum on my face, too. That ain't ever gonna happen!"

"Then it's simple. Don't let him tie you up."

Again, the conversation slid into other areas. For a short time they discussed work and family and various things. Still, the conversation came back around to her predicament.

"Are you going to help me or what?" she shouted at him.

"With what?"

"James, you're a fucker," she said, laughing. "You know I am going to let him tie me up. But, I don't want ropes. You told me before that it could be unsafe if the person tying you...if he doesn't know what he is doing."

"You need cuffs and a couple of chain dog leashes," he said. "That's all. You can get the leashes anywhere and go to a sex shop for the cuffs. Hell, you can use dog collars for the cuffs"

"I can't go there...to a sex shop. You know me! And what would someone think of me trying on collars in a pet store?" she was incredulous.

"I'll stop by tomorrow and bring you the cuffs. I have some leashes too," he told her. "Just remember what I told you. If you let anyone bind you...well, you are giving them permission to do whatever they want to do."

"Okay." she sighed.

A few minutes later they agreed that he would come by early Saturday and deliver his "equipment. Then they said their goodbyes and hung up.

For the next several days Debbie thought she might call James and tell him not to bother. It was embarrassing. Besides, she was afraid of what her boyfriend might have planned if he did bind her. Eventually, she settled on James bringing by the equipment. She didn't have to use it if she didn't want to, after all.

She was sitting in her kitchen when the bell rang. Opening the door she greeted James with a slightly embarrassed smile. A moment later they were sitting across from each other in friendly conversation.

"Well, I guess you probably want to see what's in the bag, eh?" he mused.

Debbie blushed briefly, nodding in affirmation. "Let's go upstairs," she said. Grinning, James followed her to her bedroom, admiring the sway of her plump bottom through her tight blue jeans.

She took a seat on her unmade bed, asking his forgiveness for the unkempt room. Then, blushing, she asked what he had brought.

"This," he said, pulling an item from the bag, "is a leather collar. It fits around your neck. You will notice that it has several steel rings on it. Those are to allow for constructive binding." He handed her the collar and then continued.

"These are cuffs. You will notice that they are leather, too. Unlike the collar, there is only one ring on each. You won't need more," he said. "Here are four leashes, ten carabineers, a few leather straps with a quick connect fastener at either end and these are gags. This one is a ring gag and this one is a ball gag. Both are quite useful."

For several moments she sat quiet. Then, fingering the collar, she asked, "Should I try these on or...what should I do?"

James grinned, his thoughts leading to prurient images. "I can put them on if you like. Do you trust me?"

She blushed again. "Should I?"

"Well, I did tell you that if you allow yourself to be bound that you are giving the go-ahead to the other person." He was grinning quite widely, enjoying the discomfort radiating from her cheeks.

"Look...can I trust you or not?"

Again, he grinned. "You can trust me not to hurt you. I would never hurt you. The rest...well, I might not be able to stop myself once I have you helpless."

"Smart ass," she shot at him. "Just show me how they can or should be used."

Still grinning, he began fastening the collar around her neck, buckling it snuggly. Then he fastened the cuffs to her ankles and wrists.

"Alright, he is not experienced. You will need a safe word in case something hurts or he goes too far for you. Let's use 'apple pie' ," he told her. "Good for you?"

"Yeah, apple pie," she said, burning with aroused embarrassment. 

He spun her to face away from him. "Okay, first thing is simple. Your hands can be bound behind your back, like so," he told her, snapping a carabineer between her wrists. "Can you get loose?"

Debbie struggled for a moment, trying to access the carabineer and then to pull her hands from the cuffs. "No, no I can't."

"Excellent. Now, from this position I can lay you on the bed and hog-tie you or I can pull your hands up your back, somewhat and, using this strap, bind your wrists to your collar."

Suddenly, he spun her back to face him. Surveying her he found that she was quite excited. Her cheeks were reddened and her nipples were quite hard, poking through her cotton t-shirt. 

Stepping forward, he reached behind the hair at the back of her head. Pulling her head back, he leaned in to her and listened to her breathing. It was heavy and a bit ragged. 

"Feels good, doesn't it?" he whispered.

She was shaking now, wishing he would take her and afraid that he might. 

"No. It's scary. I don't like it," she lied.

"Don't lie to me, Debbie," he told her. "It won't work with me. I know you, remember?" He released her suddenly, continuing with his lesson.

"The gags, I must say, are quite fun," he stated. "This one is a ring gag. Open your mouth and I'll show you how it works."

"I don't know about this," was all she got out before he began pushing the ring into her mouth. In a matter of moments it was fastened securely, holding her mouth wide open.

"This gag, Deb, is so your mouth can be accessed at any time, whether you want it or not. I don't think your candy-assed boyfriend would use it properly, do you?" he whispered, a sinister lilt in his voice. "Now, turn around, facing the bed and get on your knees."

Obediently, she settled to her knees, crossed emotions and thoughts passing through her. Her nerves were close to her skin and she began to breathe in short quick breaths. What would she do, she wondered, if he did decide to take her? What could she do? 

The click of the carabineer between her ankles startled her. Looking slightly to her left she could see her image in the mirrored door of the closet. Her arms were bound mid-way up her back and her mouth gaped open, an available target for easy use. It felt sexy, frightening and humiliating all at once.

"Debbie," he said, sitting on the bed in front of her, "I know that you are excited right now. You like this feeling. You like everything about this. Most importantly, you are emotionally torn. Part of you wants me to take you while another part is fighting that want."

She shook her head "No."

"Deb, I am no fool" he started. "I have been through this before. I know how the body reacts. I've never lied to you and don't expect you to lie to me. Now, tell me the truth. Am I right in what I said?"

She bowed her head and then nodded "Yes."

"In that case, I will give you something easy." He was whispering now." You can find out how it is to taste my control. It will not be much: a quick moment. Then I will leave. After that, it is up to you to make the next move. I will not call on you."

He stood, unzipping his pants and pulling his cock out. Debbie stared up at him, unable to decide what she should do. Then he cradled her head in his hand and pushed her to his cock.

Initially, he was quite gentle, sliding his hardening cock into her opened mouth in slow and easy strokes. Slowly, he built up to faster strokes, pushing his cock to the back of her throat. She gagged and tried to slow his pace to no avail. 

"I will do this my way or not at all, Deb," he whispered. "Stop resisting. It's futile."

For many minutes he stroked his cock in her mouth, bobbing her head with the rhythm of his strokes. After becoming used to his process she found a sort of peace and, closing her eyes, she found a strange sort of peace.

His momentum increased with a sudden hiccup. Her eyes fluttered slightly, knowing he would climax soon. Abruptly, he pulled from her mouth and held her head back. 

"Sorry princess, you aren't getting that satisfaction today," he told her.

Her eyes were suddenly wide and she felt a strange sadness come over her. He was not going to cum in her mouth. "Why?" she wondered. "What have I done wrong?" It was as if he read her mind. For, just as quickly as her questions arose, he answered them.

"You get my cum when you come to me, not when I come to you. But, I am going to get the satisfaction I want."

A moment later, she was being lifted and placed in the middle of the bed on her back. Then, as she was contemplating what might happen next, he released the clasp on her jeans and pulled them down to her bound ankles. A quick jerk of her panties and he slid between her legs to lick at her wetness. 

Later, she would muse, it was the best worst experience she had ever felt. One moment his tongue was sliding inside her, wriggling about as if struggling for deeper entry. The next moment he withdrew from her to lick at her thighs, telling her how good she tasted. His hands, too, played a part in his scheme. Moments of soft caresses were followed by firm massaging inside and out, bring her near to orgasm only to leave her wanting. His teasing became torture and she feared he would never allow her satisfaction. 

Unable to take more, she began begging in garbled phrases, her gag preventing enunciation. Frustrated, she moaned, filling the room with her tortured cries. Then, just as she thought she might die, he allowed it. Moans turned to screams, her body thrashing as much as her bonds would allow. Finally, after several terrible orgasms, he allowed her peace and she sank into unconscious bliss.

It was several hours later when she awoke. She was lying in her bed, unfettered and alone. She called out for James, hoping he had not left, knowing he had. Finally, her calls unanswered, she wept.