 James was sitting and reading a book when the phone rang. He was not surprised when he answered the phone to discover it was Debbie. 

Immediately after his initial "Hello", she burst into a tirade of tears and anger, telling him how angry she was at what had occurred between them. Slowly then, after she had aired her grievances, it came out; She had ended her relationship with her dullard of a boyfriend. Thirty minutes after saying their goodbyes she turned up at his door. 

The discussion was long and tear filled. Finally, after agreeing to "try out a relationship", they took to his bed where she curled up in his arms and drifted into the world of dreams.

They awoke to the dim light of early morning. Smiling, she slid upwards to kiss him. It was their first real kiss. They followed it with a passionate session of lovemaking.

Her past lovers had guided her with gentle motions and spoken requests. Always, she had been somewhat aggressive, returning her lovers requests and guidance with her own. It was not to be so with James, however.

At first, their kisses were soft and gentle, tinged with the passion of long lost lovers. Quickly, the timbre of the evening changed and she felt herself pushed between his legs.

"Suck my cock, princess," his gentle voice commanded.

His soft command thrilled her. Obediently, she unzipped his pants and pulled his cock from within. She looked up at him and smiled momentarily. Then, she opened her mouth to take his hardening member into her mouth.

While she sucked, bobbing her head on his cock, she began to wonder if he was, in fact, enjoying her actions. Many conversations were remembered during which he had commented on how few women can "suck a proper cock". These remembrances determined her to prove her skills to him and she began sucking him as if she were pleasing herself.

James was impressed by her vigor, if not her skill. Too often she would pull back to swirl the tip of his cock with her tongue or wipe the saliva from his cock or her chin. Admittedly, she was far more skilled and enthusiastic than most in the art of fellatio. Training her, he thought would be most enjoyable.

Nearing climax, he pulled her from his cock and told her to lie on her back. A moment of jockeying found him straddling her face and demanding she suck him again. Obediently, she opened her mouth and sucked his dripping cock into her mouth, avoiding his intently glaring eyes as he began removing his shirt.

After many long minutes of avoiding his steady gaze, he pulled from her mouth. Then he slid down the length of her body and off of the bed. 

She realized, as he began pulling her jeans from her body, that he had already released their snaps and let down her zipper. 

"He's good," she thought, never having noticed until her jeans, and then her panties, were coming off. 

Her jeans removed, he grasped her ankles and flashed a frightening smile. With a suddenness that surprised her, he lifted her legs so that they were perpendicular to the bed. Then, on his knees, he began a slow march up the bed, pressing her legs towards and then against her torso, licking and kissing them as he progressed.

For the moment, Debbie was experiencing a sensuality she had never felt before. She had been fucked in this position before, but never had she been placed in this position so carefully or with such slow deliberation. Suddenly, she wished she were naked and bound, exactly as she was.

"Grab your legs and hold them steady," he whispered. "I don't want you to move." Then he slipped off of her to stand at the foot of the bed. 

She watched him as he unsnapped his pants and began removing them, his cock hard and standing out from his body. Again, her thoughts drifted back to wishing she were bound in her current position, helpless and hopeless of escape.

Naked, he came around the bed to kneel and kiss her forehead. She shivered, strangely embarrassed that her shirt remained on while he was naked. 

"I should be naked, too," she whispered to no one.

"You will be," he told her, making her blush.

"Before we go further, there is something that must be done," he said, smiling. "I have preferences and kinks and various interests in things that you have described as perversions. You must indulge me in only one for now. But, you must promise to indulge me before I tell you what it is."

For a brief moment she was unsure, wondering if she should agree. Admittedly, she had always thrilled at his descriptions of how he treated the women he had taken to bed. More importantly, and despite his acknowledged and well-known sadistic side, she had never detected any cruelty in him. So, after swallowing the lump in her throat, she nodded her head, telling him she would do as he asked. 

"When I have finished speaking, I want you to get up and go to the bathroom," he began. "You are not to say a word. Then I want you to shower. Do not hurry; I want you to enjoy the sensual quality of it. When you come out of the shower, I expect there to be absolutely no hair below your neck. Your arms, legs...everything is to be devoid of hair. Now...go."

For a brief moment she pondered his request. She had never shaved her entire body. In fact, the hair on her body was so fine that she rarely shaved above her knees. Now he wanted her to shave her entire body. Finally, her moment of thought passed and she reasoned that she must obey as she had promised.

For long and long she stood under the shower, warm water coursing over her body. She was excited and frightened at what was to come and she suspected that he would not react well to a failure at executing his wish. So, after many minutes of contemplation, she began her task.

She shaved her armpits and legs first. Then, after a short moment of contemplation, she began lathering up her arms. It felt strange to her as the razor sheared away the fine hairs on her arm. Even stranger was the sensation of drawing the razor across her belly and then her chest and bottom.

Once she was sure no part of her body remained unshorn, she began to lather up the mound between her legs. This was substantially more difficult. Not only had she never shaved between her legs but also she was certain she would cut into her most delicate flesh. 

The first scrape of the razor gave her goose bumps. After a deep breath and a quick rinse of the razor she began again, wincing with each pass of the blade against her flesh. In seemingly no time she began working on the area that made her most nervous and, pressing down her excited flesh, she shaved the remaining hair from her mound. After several short and careful passes, she was, as he commanded, devoid of hair below her neck. She was also quite aroused and rather embarrassed.

Her work done, she gave a final rinsing, shut off the water and began drying herself. Then, stepping from the shower, she wrapped herself in her towel and exited the bathroom.

Her arrival into the bedroom was marked with a chiding remark and a command to return the towel to the bathroom.

"I want you naked," he commanded.

For a moment she wavered, turning part way to her right and then left, blushing from head to toe. Then, after a quick cock of his head, she obeyed.

Once she returned to the room he informed her that she was to stand motionless and that he was going to examine her. 

"Anything you missed will be met with a spanking," he told her. "You will get five smacks on the ass for each area you missed." Then he knelt in front of her, grasping her thighs, and pressed his mouth between her legs. 

Suddenly, she was jelly legged and falling through the air. An instant later she was in his arms and being placed on the bed. Her head spun as he lifted her legs, his tongue trailing down her calves and thighs as he pushed them against her. 

"Hold them to you," he commanded, his head disappearing between her legs.

It was barely a moment before she began her first orgasm of the day. Several orgasms and half an hour later, he finally lifted himself up and plunged into her. He was not gentle, as he had been before. Neither was he rough. Instead, he was steady and hard, pounding into her as if she were inanimate, holding her ankles in his firm grasp. Then, as quickly as he had plunged into her, he withdrew and slid up her body, grasping the top of her head by its hair. She watched as he grasped his hard cock and stroked, knowing his intentions. She was instantly horrified yet strangely anticipatory. He growled, jerking her head closer to his cock as he erupted, Heart beats later, she found her face covered and dripping with his hot and sticky discharge.

For a long moment afterwards, he did not move. She wanted to speak - to ask him if she could get up and wash the mess from her face. But she was afraid. This was his domain and she had entered it willingly, knowing him for who he was. 

"Open," he told her. His voice was deep and commanding.

Obediently, she opened her mouth to have him fill it with his cock. He held her to him for several minutes, his cock nearly to the back of her throat. 

A dollop of the sticky mass coating her skin flowed into the corner of her eye. She closed her eyes tightly, hoping for him to release his grip that she might clean the disgusting mess from her face. Fearful of disappointing him, she determined to hold a steady silence until she was certain he was through with her. 

Finally, he relaxed his grip on her hair and allowed her head to fall to the bed. He slipped from his position atop her body, allowing her to legs to fall into a less stressful position,and lay down beside her. 

"I know what you're thinking," he began. "But that cum is my claim. It only comes off when I allow it. Understand?"

"Crap! You mean that you want me to wear your cum until you say I can wash it off?" she asked, incredulous.

"Exactly."

"But it's covering my eyes. I can't open my eyes without it getting in," she complained. "Can I at least get it out of my eyes?"

"No" was all he had to say.

Debbie thought long and hard. The urge to wipe her eyes was nearly unbearable and the revulsion she felt at being covered with his drying cum was equally unbearable. By the same token, she could not deny the odd excitement her situation brought to her. 

"Fine! I'll leave it!" she said, her tone conciliatory and irritated. 

Chuckling, he left the bed, urging she follow. Her complaints of blindness were met with more chuckles. 

"I guess I'll have to lead you, then," he told her, taking her by the hand to lead her downstairs.

After seating her in a chair at his table he inquired "Bacon and eggs good?" 

"It's better than cum in your face," she replied, wryly.

She sat with her eyes closed, uncomfortably trying to ignore the drying mess on her face as he prepared their food. Fortunately, by the time breakfast was ready for their consumption her facial covering was sufficiently dry enough for her to open her eyes again.

"You're a bastard, you know?" she said, biting into a piece of bacon.

"I know," he said, flashing a grin. "But, that's the sort of thing you can look forward to if you stay with me. Well, that and worse."

"I don't want to know. Not while I'm eating," she said. She pursed her lips and went on with her meal.

The rest of the day went pleasantly. They made love several more times, each time ending, much to her annoyance, with the same results as the first time. By the time he let her take a shower that night, her face had a thorough and unpleasant coating of dried semen.

As they lay in bed that night, after much prodding, she would begrudgingly admit that the degradation she suffered that day had aroused her. His suspicions confirmed, he began making plans for future humiliation of the girl beside him.