 The Object of His Affection -- A New Set of Clothes

Her life, over the next two years became a mix of emotions. James, understanding her nature more fully than ever, put her suggestibility to work. Nightly, he saw to it that she would suffer a barrage of conflicting emotions and stimulation. Terrible downs would be followed by extreme highs. Pain, pleasure and humiliation would be intermixed, confusing her senses while instilling in her a need to suffer for his pleasure.

As a consequence to his tortures she was a constant mass of questions and confusion, at peace only when she forgot the woman she had been and gave in to being the pleasure toy he told her she was.

As the eve of their fourth anniversary loomed, Debbie had become more lost in her role as James' plaything. It was not difficult for her to do so. Her nature and his constant barrage of terrible pleasures, conflicting emotions and need to please made it a near necessity to do so. 

It was at this time that he suggested it was time for her to reconsider having her waist minimized to a size more befitting his tastes. To his pleasure, there was little sign of the strong willed woman she had once been. There was only a brief smile and an "okay". She had, he saw, crossed a line and become much closer to what he always knew she could be. 

A few weeks after they celebrated their anniversary, James took her, once again, to see his friend Jerry.

As before, the "Facility" made her wary. This time there was even more trepidation when she arrived. But, as he wished, she went through with her surgery. Several hours later James drove back home with an unconscious and forever changed passenger.

Her modification, Jerry explained, would be more painful and would remain sensitive for a longer period than had her previous modification. As a consequence, she was kept rather numb for several weeks following thanks to the potent painkillers Jerry had assigned to her care.

When she was able to resume her life she did so, taking this change in better stride than she had the first. It was not, after all, quite as obvious or intrusive. Besides, she admitted to herself, she had always wanted a smaller waistline. Most important to her was James enthusiasm over her nineteen-inch waistline. His smiling face had made it all worthwhile for her.

It was shortly after her recovery that James surprised her with a brand new piece of clothing: A cat suit. He explained that, when he was young, he had always been enamored with women in tight cat suits. "I always wanted to fuck Batgirl and Catwoman. Now, I can. Only you look far better than they ever could have."

She blushed, pleased at his comment.

Accompanying her sexy new outfit was a butt plug with a tail. Along with her discovery of the plug came a brief comment that she was not overly happy with this new toy. Nonetheless, other than that one comment, there was no attempt to sway him from his want. His pleasure was, after all, of paramount importance to her. 

The suit fit exactly as he had hoped. It was surprisingly easy to get into, having considerable elasticity. As she slipped into it she noticed it had openings for her ass and sex. "I won't ever need to remove it," she thought wryly. Finally, clad in the dark blue cat suit she contemplated the plug she would soon be wearing. Then, after moistening the oppressive item, she slipped it into her bottom.

It was a difficult walk down the stairs and into the living room. She was embarrassed by the plug and suffered from a powerful need to climax with virtually every step. She realized, as she walked, that her arousal was due, in part, to the physical aspects of the plug but even more because of the humiliating effect it had on her. In short, by the time she had descended the stairs and made her way to the living room, she was entirely aroused and needing for gratification.

Upon her entry into the living room James' eyes widened. For him, she was a vision of beauty, exuding a sexiness that he had never been privy to. For many minutes he made her prance back and forth. Then, he commanded she fall to her hands and knees, ass up high, while pacing the floor. 

This took a terrible toll on her. Each movement she made was an exercise in self-control and she found it terribly difficult not to climax. Sensing this, James forced her to pose and dance and prance about until she could barely stand the intense arousal that filled her body.

Finally, he relented and allowed her to take to her knees and rest. Then he left his position on the couch to kneel behind her. The sound of his pants unzipping told her she would, finally, receive the release she so needed. 

"Cum for me," he commanded with his first hard thrust.

Again and again she came, his command making it impossible to stop. She screamed and screamed again, lost in terrible and much needed orgasms. Soon, she was entirely lost, forgetting who she was and knowing only her need, his commands and her painfully wonderful orgasms.

He growled out to her as he neared climax "Where do you want me to cum, slut?"

"On my face," she cried out, hardly understanding his question.

It was over. They lay sprawled on the floor, exhausted and hot. Sticky semen ran it's slow course down her face, drying as it spread. He had taken her twice, each time remarking how sexy she looked and how much he had enjoyed fucking her with her ass filled. 

"I want you to wear that plug all the time, baby," she heard him say. 

"Okay, baby," she breathed out.

The early light of morning found them still sprawled on the floor and having barely moved. James woke to find that Debbie had removed her plug and was most disappointed. Once apprised of his disappointment she explained that, sometime during the night, it woke her and was causing her a terrible and unpleasant pain. He accepted this with the caveat that he expected her to wear it as much as possible. When she got more accustomed to it she would be expected to wear it at all times. 

"Okay, I will," she answered. 

By the week's end Debbie was wearing her plug, much as he had hoped, more than not. She still awoke with occasional pain but it was not so terrible as it had been that first night. By the end of another two weeks she was able to leave it installed in her plentiful bottom for indefinitely long periods. James' pleasure was well noted and he hoped there would come a time when it would never need to be removed.

Finally, after wearing the plug for nearly a month, she began to wonder at her situation. The plug no longer posed any difficulty when she installed it and it never caused her any pain. It was then that she had a terrible thought that there might come a time when she might need the plug to keep her bowels from emptying. 

It was Saturday. She was putting breakfast on the table when he entered the room and took his place at the table. Following him to the table and taking a seat, she decided she would voice her concerns regarding her butt plug.

"James," she began "you know how I have been wearing the plug all the time?"

"Of course. And I am quite happy about it," he said, glancing up from his morning paper.

"Well, I'm worried."

Setting his newspaper aside, James sipped at his coffee, regarding her for a moment. "What's to worry about?"

"It goes in too easy," she said. "What if...what if I need it after while?"

James grinned. "Well, I want you to need it. But then, I want you to need everything I do to you."

"No," she stuttered. "That's not what I mean. I mean...what if my ass...what if it stretches me and I have to keep it in? You know, what if I lose control down there?"

James chuckled a bit. Then, seeing the honest concern she was expressing he became more serious. "I doubt that would happen. But, if it did it wouldn't be so bad. I like being able to slide into your ass so easily. Frankly, I have been thinking of getting you a larger plug."

She was aghast. 

"A larger plug?" She whispered.

"Yes," he said. "And if you ended up needing it I think it would be rather amusing. Really, the thought is quite a turn on. It might be a fun experiment to find out, in fact."

For a long moment she stared at him, not knowing what to say. Then, still unnerved, she returned to her meal, finishing with nary a word.

A few weeks following their conversation James decided to go through with his experiment. Something about her needing a plug excited him and he was determined to find out if she could be brought to such a point. With that in mind, he made a trip to a local adult toy store and purchased three plugs; each larger than the next and all larger than the one she currently wore. When Debbie was apprised of his purchase she was in shock. 

"You're serious? You want me to...you want...do I have to?" was all she could manage.

He smiled, affirming his wish and giving her the smallest of the three plugs. "It's not so big, this one, maybe the size of my wrist. It may be a bit of a struggle but you'll manage, I am sure."

Reluctantly, but without protest, she took the proffered plug and headed to the bedroom. Sitting on the bed she pulled open her bedside drawer and pulled some lubricant from within. She was slow in her movements; disliking the swap and wishing it were otherwise. After a short time, she had removed one plug and began inserting the larger plug. She had only a little difficulty inserting this plug. It was not much larger than the other. However, where her old plug contoured to a rather small neck, this one remained substantially thicker. When she was finished, she returned to James who sat reclining on their couch.

"Turn around, bend over and show me," he demanded. Always obedient, she complied.

"That's a good girl. Now, go get into that cat suit," he told her.

It took her a bit to get used to the new plug. It was several weeks, in fact, before she was able to wear it on a full time basis. Then, after she had worn it for a month straight, he told her that it was time to "trade up and get to the next level".

Unlike before, this plug was quite difficult to wear. It was not much larger at its thickest point. However, it retained much more thickness at its base. Once the plug was fully seated, she felt strangely aroused and began to wonder if her want for humiliation knew no bounds.

As before, this plug took a while to get used to. During her first day of wearing it she had to remove it several times for the pain it caused. Each time it was removed, James insisted on replacing it with the smaller of her new plugs. 

"We don't want you to have an accident, do we?" he would chastise her, certain that his words fed into her need for humiliation.

It took a full two months for her to finally be able to wear the plug for twenty-four hours without removal. After only one week of full time wear she was assigned to begin training with the largest of her plugs.

It was an odd moment for her. This swapping of plugs would be a tremendous trial for her. Not only was it nearly as large as his wrist doubled but it would surely remove all hope of ever having any bowel control. Her arousal at this thought thoroughly shamed her and she wondered, as she often did, what was wrong with her. 

James was watching the television when she came down stairs and into the room. Her walk was different and it was evident that she was in pain. Smiling at Debbie, he told her to turn around. 

"It hurts?"

"Yes," she sobbed.

"Just leave it in for twenty minutes," he said. "Then take it out for an hour and put the other plug in. You'll get used to it."

She nodded.

The largest of the plugs was not an easy thing. It was months before she could wear it for the time he wished. Eventually, however, there was no need to remove it with exception of necessities and those occasions when he would take her anally. 

During her time of adjustment, James had made several more purchases. It seemed that she had an endless supply of cat suits and he insisted on her wearing them nearly full time.

"How do you get these?" She wondered allowed one day. "I mean, it's not every one who has a girl with huge tits and a super small waist. These fit me like they were made for me."

James smiled. "They were. When you had your waist adjusted I had Jerry take your measurements. They make these things for people like us. They even have stuff that you can wear for months without removal. His operation is really very cool."

The mention of Jerry brought a dark cloud to the conversation. The man was excellent at what he did but there was something sinister about the man. She couldn't quite put her finger on it; he had always been very pleasant, even likable. Still, she felt a terrible foreboding when his name was mentioned, despite James' friendship with him.