 The Answer Before the Question

Randy stared at the phone for a moment before quietly putting it on the nightstand. The girls lay naked on the bed, motionless except for the slightest hint of breathing. Becca's pussy was still moist, and his cock twitched at the prospect of taking her again, but Randy thought it best to let her sleep. He covered both girls with a sheet and blanket before relieving himself in the restroom. He showered and dressed without waking either of the girls. They stirred, but remained asleep as he quietly left the room.

The hotel was eerily quiet. The ice machine down the hall made the usual noises, but nobody was going up or down the elevator. Down the hall, blood splattered the walls and ceiling, but Randy couldn't see any bodies. Randy called out, expecting to startle someone – anyone – into responding. The hotel remained quiet. He walked down each flight of stairs, then down the hall to the next stairway. Some rooms had their doors propped open for housekeeping staff, but most were closed. He could hear a few televisions left on, but when he opened the doors with the maid key left dangling on a nearby cleaning cart, there was nobody inside.

He took the stairs down to the lobby. When he opened the lobby door, the smell of death filled the spacious and ornate room. 

When Randy looked behind the check-in counter, he froze as a blood-smeared, gray-skinned, hairless creature looked at him over its shoulder. It had been hunched over a torso, which must have at one time been the hotel manager. The arms and legs, mostly bone, were tossed to the side. The creature looked hard at Randy for only a few seconds, then turned and took another large bite out of the side of the unrecognizable torso. 

Randy stepped clear of the creature behind the desk and walked further back, toward the manager's office, where a second creature was feeding on an older woman. A chunk of the woman's neck was ripped, stretched, and finally torn from her throat as the creature watched Randy cautiously.

There was something familiar about these creatures. Randy had seen them before, but had no recollection of where or when. Their eyes were completely black, their noses practically missing from their faces, and their ears pointed slightly. They were gray-skinned, but held some human attributes, and they were completely hairless. Their mouths were lined with long, narrow, tightly spaced teeth. They were the demons from children's nightmares, and they were real.

The creature closest to him spat, slid its forearm across its mouth as if wiping it clean, and stood to face Randy. Randy looked to his other side to see the other creature had done the same, and was slowly walking toward him from the other direction. Both creatures were easily seven feet tall, with slender, yet muscular builds. Both creatures, Randy soon realized, were male. And both creatures, for some reason, had erections. From the blood patterns on their stomachs, it appeared that they had at some point fucked their victims, either before or after they had killed them. 

"This is the one that denied our brother," one of the creatures said to the other. The other creature looked at Randy with a tilted head while he stroked himself to a more rigid erection.

"Shall we take him and not deny ourselves?" the other creature asked.

Randy tensed, waiting until they were both within reach before allowing himself to transform. He knew they would be a challenge to fight together, and his only hope of ripping their throats out was to do it at the same time. The creature not stroking himself took another step closer, paused as if to pass gas, and then shit black bile down his legs and onto the floor. The other creature laughed and stepped closer, matching the first creature's distance to Randy.

Randy felt something warm on his lips. The stench in the air was replaced with a faint scent of lilac. The creatures stepped closer, reaching out with claw-tipped hands.

Randy blinked hard, waiting for the transformation that never came. When he opened his eyes, Lindie was pulling back from giving him a soft kiss on the lips. 

"What the?!?" Randy struggled.

Lindie put her finger to her lips. "Shhhhh. You're going to wake them up." Lindie looked at each of the girls on either side of Randy's naked body. "Very nice. I'm going to enjoy licking your come out of their pussy's later." Lindie looked closely at Charlotte. "This one's not on the pill, you know. Can you get someone pregnant?"

"I haven't, yet." Randy said quietly.

"Well, for her sake, let's hope she gets lucky." Lindie halfway smiled.

"Are you mad?" Randy asked.

"For what? Fucking two gorgeous sisters? Not at all. This one's a little young, though, don't you think?" Lindie pointed at Charlotte.

"She's eighteen, and she's the wild one, believe it or not." Randy said as he carefully sat up from between the girls – something he thought he had just done moments ago.

Lindie pulled Randy into the bathroom where they showered, kissed, and hugged. Lindie waited until they were out of the shower before stroking Randy's manhood to erection. She only allowed him to kiss her for a few minutes before she was on her knees, swallowing what would be the first of three orgasms. Her appetite satisfied for the moment, she allowed Randy to get dressed, then slipped on a pair of running shorts and a sports bra top. 

The sisters were sound asleep on the bed; having snuggled close to each other while Randy and Lindie were in the shower.

Lindie decided to take Randy for a walk down to the hotel lobby. Randy was hesitant at first. He hadn't given Lindie all the details of his dream, but she assured him, that's all that it was.

The stench that had filled the halls of the hotel was gone. A housekeeper was folding towels for one of the rooms, smiled at the two of them, and made several trips to and from her cleaning cart by the time Randy and Lindie reached the elevator.

"See?" Lindie asked.

"It was so real, though." Randy pleaded.

When the elevator reached the bottom floor, Randy prepared himself for the bloody scene. When the elevator doors opened, though, he was greeted with the smiling face of the hotel manager and the sound of quiet, soothing background music pumped through speakers hidden throughout the lobby. Moments later, an older woman – perhaps the hotel sales manager – stepped out from a back office, stopped as if realizing she had forgotten something, turned, stopped again, and then proceeded to walk to the hotel restaurant.

"Curious." Randy mused.

"Let's get some breakfast and you can tell me all about it." Lindie said, pulling him along.

"I thought you already ate." Randy pretended to smile. "That's probably a good thing, because you won't have much of an appetite when I tell you all about it."

"You do realize who you're talking to, right?" Lindie said as her eyes turned a glowing red for an instant, then a cool blue, and then settling on a hazel green.

"I don't think I can forget, unless you make me." Randy said flatly. Lindie could see he was shaken by whatever it was he had seen, and decided to let him tell the story in his own way. She could have just as easily touched his forehead and extracted everything he had seen, but Randy needed to tell her. He needed to let it out, but in his way.

For the next hour, he ate plate after plate of food brought by the restaurant staff, describing not only the dream of walking through the bloody hotel, but the vision of himself as a real-world wolf fucking the two girls upstairs. Lindie did a good job of controlling herself when Randy attempted to describe the creatures that were feasting on human remains in the lobby. 

Accidentally mentioning her brother's name was enough to spur an involuntary transformation in Lindie that almost cost Randy an eye. She learned to control herself, though, because David could be anyone's name. 

But Randy's description of these creatures brought back immediate visions of her brother. 

Her brother whom had raped and killed, and continued to rape her sister's lifeless body. Her brother who entranced a young friend of Sarah's into impaling herself on his stone-like, oversized cock until she tore apart her insides. 

Her brother, who's body she had finally shredded into scraps of bone and flesh small enough for small animals to snatch and run or fly away with. 

Her brother was gone, but Sarah hinted that there might still be more like him.

"Lindie!" Randy raised his voice slightly. Lindie blinked as if coming out of a trance. She looked around, worried that she may have accidentally impaled someone with her razor sharp wingtips. Nothing. Just one of the hotel servers pouring a refill of coffee at another table. Then she looked down. She had cut grooves into the wood and marble table with her fingers.

She quickly placed a linen napkin over the damage as a waitress poured more coffee for Randy.

"What does it mean?" Randy asked.

"I don't know. You never had visions of anything like that before. What's different? The girls?" Lindie asked.

"Do you think they're like us?" Randy asked.

"No. At least not the little one." Lindie assured him. "The older one, Becca... there is something special about her, though." 

Lindie looked at Randy closely. "Have you fallen in love with her, yet?"

"What? No. Why?" Randy asked.

"Well, she's in love with you. Even though she watched you fuck the shit out of her little sister, she's convinced you're the one for her." Lindie smiled as someone might after coming to terms with losing a bet. "The sad part is that you're telling the truth about not being in love with her."

"What makes you so sure?" Randy asked, jokingly.

Lindie looked at him very coldly, with unblinking eyes.

"Because even though we agreed it would never be like that between us...

You're in love with me." 

Lindie pulled the napkin off the table. "You'd better fall out of love with me if you want to survive."

Randy sat more upright, flooded with mixed emotions. He muttered something in German, and then rubbed his forehead as if warding off a migraine. 

"I made you smell lilacs while I kissed you. If I hadn't, you would have smelled the come of the hotel manager that I blew before coming up to your room. The reason he was smiling when we stepped out of the elevator is because he was embarrassed at the realization that his fly was left open. His fly was left open because I left it open after I sucked his dick. He has no recollection of any of it." Lindie took a sip of Randy's coffee.

"Drink it." Lindie pushed the cup back toward Randy. He just looked at her.

"How can you be in love with me after that?" Lindie asked.

"I don't know. But I can." Randy admitted.

"How can you, knowing what I am, and what I've done?" Lindie continued. "You think you know all of it, but there are things I've done that I haven't told you or anyone else. Do you want to know? Will that change your mind?" Lindie didn't wait for an answer.

"I've killed people over things they haven't even done yet. I don't know how I knew – but I knew – they were going to do some horrible things to someone else later in life, and the cycle was going to continue whether they lived or died. So, I just killed them to save the rest of us the oxygen. I've fucked dozens of men out of boredom, even after swallowing tens or hundreds of loads of come. I've let myself get raped by the most disgusting filth walking this earth, just for a few teaspoons of their semen that I could salvage from my pristine pussy and shitless asshole.

And you're in love with me?" Lindie said, tears beginning to form.

"Do you remember what happened to the last man that was in love with me?" Lindie said through gritted teeth.

Randy just looked at her, full of empathy. 

Lindie's eyes glowed red, and her skin paled. The floor cracked under her bare feet. Her teeth pushed through her lips, sending blood cascading down her neck and soaking her sports bra top.

She leaned forward, inches from Randy's face. His expression didn't change until she spoke, and then, all he could do is accept whatever happened next.

Blood sprayed from her mouth onto Randy's face.

"I fucking ripped him apart!" Lindie yelled with such loudness that silverware vibrated off tables and windows shattered around them. She had fully transformed in front of at least a dozen hotel guests and staff. She looked around at them in anger, sadness, anguish, and then yelled loud enough to crack the plaster in the walls. Her naked, winged, pale statuesque figure was as beautiful as it was terrifying.

"I need you," Lindie said quietly. "But I don't need them."

"No!" Randy said as he reached out his human hand to stop her. He half expected to lose that hand, as his own transformation was not forthcoming. She merely sliced three of his fingers with calculated precision. Cut, but not severed. Within seconds, she flew through the restaurant and lobby, but instead of slaughtering anyone that had seen her, she touched each of them on the forehead and they fell to the floor.

She quickly changed back to her human form, but her clothes had been ripped off in the transformation. Oblivious to the blood that covered what was left of his breakfast, Randy never tired of looking at her beautiful breasts and shapely legs and ass.

"They'll be awake in a few seconds. We don't have time to walk past them. Let's go to the pool. I'll jump in the water while you get me some clothes."

Randy paused for a moment, recovering from whatever Lindie had also done to him. She kissed his hand for some reason, and stepped into the sunlight, moving closer to the pool area.

"They'll be alright. It must have been an earthquake. Now, go find me some clothes or at least a bathing suit!" Lindie said as she turned and dived naked into the crystal blue water.

Randy shrugged his shoulders and and set off for stairs, stopped, and then wondered why he wasn't taking the elevator. As he reached into his pocket for the room key, he pulled out a card with a lanyard. His hand shook when he realized it wasn't the key he was looking for. He wasn't holding his room key. Instead, it was a bloodied maid key.