 I was in my senior year of college as Halloween drew closer and closer. I attended a rather small campus in a rural area that didn't have a very large student body. As such, most of the seniors were a tight-knit little group of friends that loved to party and have a good time whenever we could. Many of us had even dated one another's girlfriends, sort of like an ongoing square dance where every once in a while, everyone simply changed partners. 

Halloween was for us a bigger reason to party and let our hair down, much like Spring Break was for most larger college campuses. Every year we'd get together and plan some kind of wild-assed party, but to be honest, we were running out of ideas when my best friend Jim, or JJ as we called him as his last name was Jensen came up with what sounded like a great idea. 

Almost thirty miles away was an old Ghost Town secluded away in a little mountain valley out here on the West Coast that had been deserted ever since the old gold rush days. It wasn't really any kind of tourist attraction or anything, though a few people had gone to visit there, primarily because the roads were what they called unimproved and you needed at the minimum a four wheel drive to make it through a few of the really rough spots. We'd all been sitting around the local burger joint wondering what we should do when JJ pulled up in his Toyota 4X4 which was covered in dirt and dust to the point you could barely recognize it for what it was. 

"Hey David!" He called out at me when he came inside and saw me sitting at one of the large booths with a group of friends, including my girlfriend Tracy and her best friend Tina. Fact was, she was one of the most open-minded and sensual women I had ever known. She wasn't drop-dead gorgeous or anything, don't get me wrong. But for what she lacked in the beauty department, which wasn't all that much, she more than made up for in the teasing-sensuality department. She simply exuded it, not just in how she looked, or dressed, but in her actions and speech as well. 

"What's up JJ?" I yelled across the room at him as he approached. 

"I've got the perfect idea for a Halloween party!" He exclaimed excitedly. 

At well over six and a half feet, JJ was an imposing character anyway. Muscular in a way that made a lot of women fawn over him as it was, he also had a pretty-boy face that was almost too cute for as big as he was. The thing I liked about JJ the most however, when he spoke...everyone listened to him. 

As we'd already thrown out a dozen or so ideas, we were more than happy to entertain ANYTHING new at this point.

"We're going to have a naked haunted house party!" 

"You want to do what?" Tina said piping up. 

Two years previously we had gotten permission from 'Old man Simpson' as we called him, to turn his weather-beaten barn into a spook-alley. We'd even gotten quite a bit of help from the locals in decorating the place, and made quite a bit of money from it charging admission. The down-side however, we didn't really get to party the way we'd all initially wanted or intended to as many of the towns-folk came out to see and go through the place, so we were all too busy pretending to be monsters, ghosts and aliens to really do what we had wanted when we first came up with the idea. 

"Remember what happened the last time we tried to do something like that?" Billy Joe said speaking up. 

Billy Joe was something of a local celebrity. His older brother had made it to the Pro's playing football, which was something that Billy Joe was attempting to do himself. Another big sized kid, though not quite as tall as JJ was, he never the less had a deep booming voice that told everyone who met him that he wasn't someone you messed around with. I always thought it was nice to have him amongst one of my closest friends. 

"Yeah...but this wouldn't be anything like that at all!" JJ continued excitedly. "In the first place, we wouldn't have to worry about a lot of town's folk coming up there to bother us. In the second place, we only tell those people who we know, or who we want to know. That way we still get to party and have fun the way we wanted to last time, and even better, we do it in a place that really IS haunted!" 

We were all pretty familiar with the area. Aside from a few lone houses that were actually still standing, there was an old Mill that though in disrepair from years of neglect, was one of the few stone-built buildings that was still in pretty good shape. It would be the perfect place for us to go and celebrate Hallows Eve without any interference from any of the locals. But the real kicker was the fact that it actually was supposed to be haunted. Rumor had it that several of the old gold miners had gotten into a good old fashioned gun-fight during a card game in which several were killed, including one of the whores who had worked there and who had gotten in the way of things when the gun-fight began. It was rumored that the guy who had actually shot her had been her long time lover, and that he'd immediately shot himself after realizing what he'd just done.

"You still haven't addressed the naked part yet." Tracy said curiously, but with a tone of excitement thrown in along with that.

"I was just getting to that." JJ stated. And then he began to tell us what it was he had in mind when he thought the whole idea up.

The truth of the matter was we were always trying to come up with ideas to see and get the girls naked. Whether it was skinny-dipping at a nearby lake, or playing strip-poker in someone's basement, it was always fun to see what we could try and come up with next that the girls would all be willing to go along with. Most of the time in fact, that's all it was, though occasionally one couple or another would disappear for a little while, it was usually nothing more than good harmless exhibitionism on the girls part, and a whole lot of voyeurism on ours. 

"You all know what that Old Mills like. It's got all sorts of corridors, rooms, chambers and even a basement of sorts that looks like it could pass for a dungeon. I thought it would be fun if the bunch of us went up there and readied the place, you know, decorated and set up a few gag-props to scare the hell out of everyone, that sort of thing. But the kicker would be the admission price, because no one would be allowed to enter with their clothes on! The girls could dress up as sexily wicked succubus, some of us as incubus maybe...or just horny fucking monsters!" He said grinning while glancing over towards Tina who was frowning at him; she hated anyone who used the "F" word as she called it. "Sorry Tina," he said, and then continued. 

"But the whole idea is, a bunch of us could be scattered all over the place, and jump out from all sorts of neat cubby-holes or places we can fix up ourselves to jump out at people from. Imagine all the naked girls screaming and running around after that, not to mention a few guys too for the girls benefit," he added looking and nodding over in Tracy and Tina's direction. 

"You know JJ, that's not really a bad idea," Tracy said enthusiastically agreeing with him. "We really could decorate the place up, and make it even spookier looking than it already is. Even when I've seen it in the daylight, that place gives me the creeps, so it really would be the perfect place for a naked spook alley, and it would certainly weed out a lot of locals from just dropping in on us who hadn't been invited!" 

"That really does sound wickedly fun!" Tina added, "We spread word around the campus, as well as to a few select open-minded adults we know, tell them about the 'admission' price, and have the kind of party we've been talking about. Especially as this year with us being seniors, it will be the last time we're probably going to have an opportunity to do something like this ever again!" 

#

The following morning we all piled into a couple of 4X4 vehicles and made the short trip up to the mill. One of our other friends who'd come along with us was planning on being an Architect, and he'd come up with the brilliant idea of mapping the place out and making assignments of where everyone would be. We spent the better part of the day touring the building and making notes as to the kinds of things we'd need to bring back with us when the decorating and rebuilding part began. I'd selected a terrific little alcove that used to be an intersecting hallway of one kind or another, and was just deep enough and dark enough even in the daylight to provide me the perfect place to jump out and scare all the unsuspected naked girls from. And even as I scouted out the area, I was getting aroused just thinking about it. In addition to locating the perfect hiding places, we figured out the kind of lighting we'd need, candles mostly, and where they would best be placed for the spookiest effects. Billy Joe was a whiz with anything electrical, and would provide the generators needed for power where we would and did need it for some other special affects, along with some eerie sounds he'd provide and pump into various places throughout the entire building. 

I had gone back to look at the place I'd picked out for myself and Tracy to perform our Halloween spookiness in, and while clearing away a little rubble and debris, discovered that the strange little alcove I was planning on using wasn't really an alcove at all, but what appeared to be a bricked up section of the wall that didn't at all match the other section. I quickly discovered that several of the bricks were loose, and carefully began removing them until I'd managed to make just enough room to squeeze through into the chamber beyond. As I did that, I came up with a great idea and started thinking about what materials I would need to bring back with me in order to make it work.

With only minimal effort I finally managed to squeeze through the opening I had created. Having done so, I turned on the flashlight I had with me, as it was totally and completely dark inside the small room. I'd half expected to find something bricked up behind the wall, but it appeared to be nothing more than some sort of storage area perhaps that had been closed off for whatever reason. The only item inside the room was a single chair, nothing else, which I thought odd, but then, smiled as I realized I'd have a place to sit when I came into the room. I turned intending to head back out through my small opening when I felt something brush against me. Spinning, the flashlight leading the way, there was of course nothing in the room other than the chair, but I had sworn I had felt something, like a hand grabbing my ass in fact. Hadn't I known any better, I'd have sworn that Tracy and somehow followed me into the room. Giving it one more good look over with my flashlight, satisfied that it was just my over active imagination, I squeezed back out through the opening I'd created and back into the little alcove I had found. As I did, I could hear voices, Tracy and Tina were talking just down around the corner from where I stood about fifty feet away and they seemed excited about something as they spoke. I hurriedly ran down the hallway joining them as they walked out of a small side room, one of few that actually still had a working door to it.

"David!" They both spoke in unison seeing me as I approached. "Come look at what we found!"

Joining them inside, it was indeed an old bedroom, though it was dusty and cobwebbed in places, it was perfect for what the two of them began planning as they mapped it out for me. Of interest, what was once the ceiling was now gone, looking up into the next floor, it gave the room an eerie look as blackness completely cloaked whatever the area was, or had been used for above it.

"We can haul up an old mattress for the bed, Tracy began, and this mirror will work perfectly for setting up the room to look like an old motel room or something with the nightstand next to it, putting a couple of soft flickering candles on that, and using the reflection from the mirror will make this room look really creepy for anyone looking in."

Tracy's intent was to make her face up really ugly, almost grotesque even, but then leave her beautiful nude body alone as she lay on top of the bed. She would place a simple cloth over her head, but the moment anyone stepped into the room, she would sit up, allowing the cloth to fall.

"What do you think?" she asked as she told me her idea.

"Sounds good!" I said agreeing with her. "Shouldn't be that hard setting it all up, and I think I have an idea for the open ceiling here too," I added. "The moment someone opens the door, in addition to your being here, we can rig it so that a giant spider drops down through the opening or something."

"That would be great!" Tracy said excitedly surveying the darkness above. "Though to be honest, that will probably scare me every damn time it does too!"

We all laughed at that, as Tracy was easy to scare, jumping every time you said "boo" at her if she wasn't expecting it.

"What about you Tina?" I said turning towards her.

"I'm going to be the ghost in the hallway, JJ's going to rig up something for me using dry ice. Where the hallway "T"'s, there's a pull down ladder there that still works just around the corner. I'll walk across the hall in that direction then simply walk up the ladder pulling it up behind me and disappear. When people reach the junction, I will be gone, and since that end of the hall is partially collapsed, there is no way that anyone else can get through there, and they'll wonder where the hell I went. It's just dark enough that they won't be able to see the trap door above them even if they look up wondering where I went to."

As we headed back outside to join up with the rest of our friends, I quickly showed the girls my own little discovery, explaining to them how some simple colored poster-board could be made to look like the missing bricks I'd removed, allowing me to enter and exit at will into the closed off area. Once again I showed them the room with my flashlight, then we made our way back towards the opening.

"Hey!" Tracy said looking at me though she was smiling. "Save that for later!"

"What?"

"You know what!" she said grinning, and then reached behind me pinching my ass.

"What was that for?"

"Payback," she said simply as she followed Tina back out through the opening. I could feel the hairs standing up on the back of my neck, once again waving the flash light back inside the empty room save for the one solitary standing chair.

"Must have been Tina," I considered as she'd been standing there as well and always was messing around like that. I'd even suspected she had a thing for Tracy though she'd never really acted on it openly, though Tracy herself had once indicated that she thought if she was open to any advances from her, she might actually consider the notion.

I quickly slid through the opening to my secret little room and followed the girls back down the corridor back up the steps and out into the court yard outside where everyone else was beginning to gather, the thought of Tracy and Tina fooling around together very much on my mind, already forgetting the nasty pinch I'd been given.

#

I was surprised at how well everything was coming together, not to mention the kind of response we'd already begun to receive from the people we'd contacted and told about our naked haunted house party. It was evident that if everyone who said they were planning on showing up did, that it was bound to be one of the wildest, biggest parties we'd ever thrown.

The day before Halloween, we did a test run of everyone's ideas, made corrections and adjustments where they were necessary, and finalized whatever decorations that were needed. Nothing was hokey in our preparations, everything was in fact almost too perfect in what we'd done and gave everyone there a sense of really eerie expectations for the evening to come. 

The fact that the Old Mill was reported to actually be haunted left an edge of excitement about it as we finished up, anticipating the arrival of those who were as adventurous as we all were to begin showing up there.

I for one personally felt that Tina and Tracy's little "chamber of whores" as they referred to it was among the best ideas. If not one of the more elaborate ones. The mirror had been perfectly positioned, facing the door, and Billy Joe had rigged it to light up the moment anyone crossed the threshold into the room. That would immediately draw their attention towards it just as Tracy sat up in bed, and as our nasty looking spider slowly lowered down into the room from the non-existent ceiling. The mirror would show her lying there normally, just as she really did look with the help of a video recording projecting her image into it, but as she sat up in bed, and as the cover fell from her face, she would of course appear to transform, a simple touch of the remote laying next to her shutting off the projection. It worked perfectly, and even gave me the creeps watching it work. Had it not been for the delicious looking appearance of her nude little body lying there, I really would have been weirded out myself!

Exiting her room, and heading down the dimly lit corridor, they would pass right by where I would be hiding. One of the other girls who had done some special effects using body paint for some theatrical productions had turned me into a really good-looking skeleton. And even though I was nude, with most of my body painted in black, the skeletal portion of it in a phosphorescent white, the little light that was needed lit me up perfectly so that I could emerge briefly in the hallway once a group had passed, hitting the sound button on the speakers we'd placed there so that the sound of bones clanking together could easily be heard. If anyone turned or began heading back towards me, I could quickly duck back into my secret opening and literally disappear inside the room I'd discovered that now looked just like the bricked up wall it had once been. The idea however was to scare everyone forward into the other connecting hallway where Tina's ghostly image would be hovering at the end of that hall.

"How long between groups did we agree on?" Tina had asked no one in particular. 

"Ten minutes." Billy Joe stated. "And no more than six to a group, and preferably less than that if possible. I guess it depends on how many people actually show up, but part of the fun will be seeing how many of them actually wander around in the dark naked...trying to find their way out. Can you imagine how scary and actually frightening that could be?" 

I for one was glad I wouldn't be. I might be naked, but at least I knew where my little corner of hell was, which in a way is exactly how I thought of it. Maybe my being naked had something to do with it perhaps as I kept getting a few chills every time I entered that weird little room, but with luck, no one would turn back around towards me and I wouldn't have to even end up using it.

We had mapped out a pretty good, and pretty confusing little maze, blocking some corridors where we needed to, or leaving others to lead into dead ends forcing everyone to go back out the way they had come. JJ would serve as a constantly moving threat, though it would be his job to eventually herd everyone in the right direction.

For as tall as he was, it was JJ's intention to wear plat formed stilted shoes that would easily give him another six inches in height. He planned on painting his body in a phosphorescent green paint that would pick up whatever lighting he came near, and would be wearing a Frankenstein mask of some sort. But the really funny part was, he'd somehow managed to locate one of those incredibly long double-dildo's hallowed out one end that he could then use to place over his own fairly good sized cock with, paint it green as well...and then walk around the hallways arms stretched scaring the hell out of everyone. Even I had to admit, than when seeing him coming towards me with that enormously green humongous dick of his swaying back and forth, it scared the hell out of me too!
