 He's staring at me again. My weird neighbor. No, "weird" isn't the word for him. More like "insane." He moved into the house next to mine about 2 months ago, and ever since then strange things have been going on.

It all happens in his bedroom. I know because his bedroom window is directly across from the only window in the bedroom that my husband and I share. And the creep next door never bothered to hang up a curtain. So yeah I see everything. And, boy, do I wish I could un-see it all.

I still remember that first night like it was yesterday. After putting on my nightgown and tying up my hair for bed, I went to close the curtains. Reaching behind my bed's headboard, I drew one curtain halfway across the window and was about to draw the other to meet it when something caught my eye. There was a fire burning in the bedroom fireplace of the supposedly uninhabited house next door.

"Hmm...odd," I muttered to myself, trying to remember whether I had seen a moving van earlier that morning. Squinting, I attempted to peer deeper into the fire lit room across the way and found that I could make out the shapes of bedroom furniture. Yep, somebody had definitely moved in. But who? When?

Suddenly I saw a movement and gave a slight jolt when the fire light revealed what had moved. A large man had stepped into view. He had long hair that seemed matted and was shirtless, muscular, and...black.

I gasped out loud. I'm not exactly sure why. I'm not racist, mind you. I have a black friend. Nowadays, when I think back to that moment, I blame my reaction on the fact that I had just never seen a black person in our suburban neighborhood. I mean, that's the only reasonable possibility because, as I said, I'm not racist.

Anyway, where was I? Oh yes. There were two things that I noticed next that were even more disturbing than the fact that he was bla-I mean, that he had come out of nowhere. Those two things were the fact that the only stitch covering his incredibly dark skin was a loincloth and the fact that he was clutching a live chicken. Yes, an actual loincloth hanging from his waist like a veil for his genitals. And yes, an actual live chicken hanging by its feet from the man's fist.

Then, not giving me a chance to ponder, the man pulled a large knife seemingly out of thin air and swiftly plunged it into the chicken's breast. I jumped, clapping a hand over my mouth foolishly, in an attempt to prevent him from hearing my scream. The chicken flailed and flapped wildly for a few seconds as the man proceeded to cut into its flesh. It only ceased moving when the man removed the knife, dug his fingers into its wound, and ripped out its heart to devour it whole.

Turning away from the grisly scene as he was placing the heart in his mouth, I retched a little in my own. On impulse, I swallowed the bile back down and turned back to the window, curiosity winning over all my other thoughts.

By then the man had raised the lifeless chicken above his head as if offering it to some deity. Then, with a flash of the blade, the chicken's head fell to the floor. I retched into my mouth again.

I know what you're thinking. It's just a chicken. Yeah well, I'm a vegetarian and, as you can see, with good reason.

Anyway, so after that, the guy brought up a small bucket and allowed the chicken's blood to drain into it. Then, walking over to the far wall, he dipped his hand into the bucket and began to draw strange symbols on the wall with the blood. I watched as he shuffled to the right, covering more and more of the wall with his art, until he exited the borders of my viewing window. When he finally came back into view, I was surprised to see that he was much closer and I was no longer seeing his back but his front. He had shuffled his way around the room to the window where he stopped. I was watching his hand dip into the bucket again when he suddenly froze. That's when I looked up and realized that he was staring straight at me.

I jumped, immediately snatching the curtain and taking cover behind it. Jeez, Karen, go take up a career as a Peeping Tom, why don't ya? After a few seconds of silently berating myself, I thought, "Maybe he hadn't really seen me. Maybe it was something else that had caught his eye." When I was convinced enough that my new neighbor wasn't actually thinking that I was one of those annoying nosy neighborhood watch types, I slowly pulled the curtain back just a bit to peek and... Crap! I quickly drew it closed again. He was still staring! And in that quick peek at his face I could swear that I had caught...a smile.

Oh so he's teasing me now, I thought. Feeling my cheeks begin to heat up, I flung the curtain open with a flair and shot the man a look that said several things at once. Something like... Yes-I-was-staring-at-you-can-you-blame-me-you're-acting-really-nuts-right-now-dude-and-with-your-window-open-too-I-mean-what-do-you-expect?! But as I stood there holding my glare, the man had just continued to stare back, smiling that aggravating smile. It wasn't until then that I had noticed a certain...hunger in his eyes, which was disturbing enough without the fact that he slowly licked his lips a few seconds later.

Creeped out, I took two slow steps backward before colliding with someone who immediately engulfed me in their arms. I yelped and started to struggle before I heard the mysterious person's voice. "Calm down, babe," said the voice of my husband, Tim, as he kissed my neck, calming my nerves and electrifying them at the same time. "What has you so tense?"

I let myself melt into his arms, all tension dissolving to nothing. "Oh nothing," I replied. "Just a little jumpy tonight, I guess. I was just peeking in on our new neighbor."

"Oh yeah?" he said, kissing the other side of my neck. "Someone moved into the old Berkley house already? That's funny... I didn't see any cars in the driveway."

"Yeah I never saw any moving van either, but there's definitely someone there, and he's...black." For some odd reason I whispered the last word as if it was a dirty secret.

Tim paused as he started to go for the back of my neck - my favorite spot - and abruptly pulled away. "What?" He stepped over to the window and peered through it intently. "Yup," he said after a while, "there's someone living there alright. I don't see him, but I can see that the fireplace is lit. A black guy, huh? That's new. Wait a minute..." He turned to me. "What did he do to get you all jumpy?"

Uh-oh. I saw that look in his eye. That look that said he was about to do something drastic. I quickly decided not to tell him about the creepy staring and the lip licking. After all, this guy was huge. At least two times Tim's size and three times mine! And I had an inexplicable suspicion that he might be a gang member. "Oh that had nothing to do with him. I had watched a horror flick earlier, that's all."

"Oh," Tim said, turning back to the window. "Hmm...a black guy in Blitheville. I never thought I'd see the day. Hey... What are those symbols on his walls?"

"I don't know," I said. "I was wondering the same thing." I decided not to mention the chicken. Tim would have spread the word like wildfire, and the people of Blitheville are really skittish about weird neighbors. I wouldn't want to start some sort of "turf war."

Tim squinted. "They look sort of like... Nah, couldn't be." He turned, waving off the matter, and sat on the bed to kick off his shoes.

I climbed onto the bed on my knees, and taking the space behind him, I began to help him out of his Armani business suit. After quickly relieving him of his coat, I reached around and slowly unbuttoned his shirt, planting a soft kiss on his neck with each button. "So-" kiss "-I know you had a-" kiss "-hard day-" kiss "-at work, so-" kiss "-I was thinking maybe-" kiss "-you could use some-" kiss "-relief." I pulled off his unbuttoned shirt, revealing the bronze skin beneath - he likes to keep a tan - and I reached around him into his pants. But, as usual, that's when the fun ended.

Just as my hands were wrapping around his love muscle, he grabbed them and took them in his own. "Not tonight, babe," he pleaded, his tone exhausted.

I scoffed. "Seriously?"

"I'm just too tired," he said. "And you're insatiable."

"You're always too tired!" I exclaimed. "And I'm not insatiable!"

Tim sighed, kissed my hands, and yawned. "Sorry, babe. It's work. I'll get you tomorrow night."

I folded my arms in a pout and dropped back onto my pillow. Turning my face away from him in contempt, I murmured, "You said that last night."

He sighed as he slid out of his slacks and under the covers. Before lying down to sleep, he rolled over and gave me a peck on the cheek with a "Goodnight honey," to which I replied with a grunt. He rolled back over and settled into his side of the bed, chuckling, "You're so cute when you're mad."

It wasn't long before his light snoring began. Irked and unsatisfied, I grabbed my vibrator out of my nightstand drawer. That's when I realized that the curtain was still open. I rose to my needs to shut it and was surprised to see the face of my new creepy neighbor staring at me once again with that irritating smile from his window. Rudely sticking my tongue out at him, I drew the curtain closed and went about my scandalous nightly business.

*. *. *. *. *. *

For the next few weeks, nights with Creepy Anonymous Black Dude (we'll call him Cab D for short) got weirder and weirder leading up to the point where I decided to quit my Peeping Tom career for good. Notice I only mentioned nights. Well that's because nights were literally the only times that I saw this guy. Yet another weird fact about him.

The night I quit started out fine. I took a nice, long bubble bath, soaking amongst the suds until I started to doze off, at which point I got out, dried off and prepared for bed. But when I went to close the curtains, I gasped and jerked back. Then slowly, defiantly, my feet took me back up to the window.

The image that I saw first was that of the back of a black woman's head. She was lying on her back in my neighbor's bed with her head raised from the pillow. She was fully nude, from what I could see, with her legs spread wide, and she was facing what was between those legs. Cab D himself.

I could see now that they were both naked, their bodies drenched in sweat. Because of their position, Cab D was facing me, his eyes shut tight with passion, and I suppose I saw the back of her head because she was watching him plow into her. He clutched her waist with both hands as he drilled into her, her body jolting with his every thrust. Unable to hold her head up any longer, she let it drop, the pillow bowing her neck so that her upside down face was pointing directly at me.

Swearing that our eyes had met for a brief second, I instinctively reached for the curtain. But that's when the weirdness started. Suddenly Cab D opened his eyes. Instantaneously, the woman's face froze with her eyes open wide and her lips in the shape of an O. Then I watched in horror as both of their eyes rolled to the back of their heads in synch. A second later Cab D's pupils returned to their normal position, but the woman's eyes remained stark white. Still thrusting, Cab D took a knife and dragged its blade across his own left pectoral, cutting deep enough to draw blood. Taking the leaked blood in his hand, he used it to draw symbols on her left breast, which I could see now that her head was dropped. When he was finished, he shut his eyes tight, at which point her face unfroze, her pupils back to normal. His thrusts got faster and harder, her facial expression telling me that she was screaming with pleasure, until they had reached their climax.

They both froze then, as would be expected. He, pushing as deep into her as he could go. She, seizing up due to pure satisfaction. But the weirdness wasn't over. Then the woman abruptly collapsed, passed out, but Cab D held his position deep inside of her, unfazed. As she lay there unconscious, her body did these mini spasms in a rhythmic pattern. I know it's a strange way to describe it but I can think of nothing better. It looked as if the woman's body was being pumped or drained of something.

When the "draining" was finished, Cab D finally pulled out of the woman, and she woke up. The woman moved as if she was weak and brittle like an old lady, when she was really about my age, 25, which was maybe 15 years his minor. Cab D, on the other hand, was staring at his own hands in awe as if they were different somehow, smiling as he clenched his fists. There was a message in his smile. One word. "Success!"

He shut his eyes for a moment, relishing whatever he was feeling, but that moment was cut short when he noticed the woman's condition. Seeming to apologize, he rushed to her aid, wiping the blood from her chest and helping her out of bed and into her clothes. Then, after robing himself, he offered her his arm and carefully walked her out of the room, consoling her the whole way.

Soon, he returned to the bedroom and surprised me by walking straight up to the window. I boldly decided to stand my ground. Why not? He hadn't looked up at me once during his weird little sex capade. He couldn't possibly have known how much I had seen. Yet when he stood there at that window staring at me with those same hungry eyes and wearing that same creepy smile, I couldn't help but feel nervous. Then he pointed at me. I snatched the curtain and drew it closed so fast that I thought it would rip from the wall. And that's the way it stayed. Well...for a while, anyway.

*. *. *. *. *. *

The package came about two weeks later on a day that I had chosen for doing my spring cleaning. I was busy sweeping when the doorbell rang. When I went to answer it there was no one there. I looked down and saw a foot-long parcel sitting on the doorstep. Without a second glance, I grabbed the package and brought it inside. Tim got packages all the time in his work, so, not bothering to check the label, I just dropped it on the bedroom dresser.

It wasn't until much later that night, while prepping for bed, that I glanced at the label. To my surprise, it was addressed to Mrs. Hartfield not Mr. This package was for me. I looked for a return address, but oddly there wasn't one. "Strange..." I thought out loud. An anonymous sender could be any one of my friends or family or even anyone that passed by our house, since our name is pasted right there on our mailbox. I stared at the parcel in wonder. "Who sent you?"

Finally, curiosity got the best of me. I took a letter opener from the top dresser drawer and cut through the tape. Opening the box's flaps, I saw nothing inside but a bunch of foam peanuts. I reached a hand in and felt something cylindrical. I started to close my hand around it but immediately jerked it back with a gasp as if I had been shocked. I felt...flesh.

Come on, Karen, I thought. Quit being so jumpy. It's not flesh. You know better than that.

Feeling mostly convinced, I hesitantly reached in again, grabbed the fleshy cylindrical object and lifted it out.

Then I froze, my body quaking with horror, my heartbeat picking up speed. What I held in my hand was a huge...black...cock. It was about 9 inches long and nearly 3 inches wide while limp. It was circumcised, veiny, and still had two big black balls hanging at its base. And then there was the really frightening part... It...was real!

It looked as if it had been severed from a man's body at the section behind the scrotum and sewn up at its point of amputation to close off the wound.

I stood there frozen and shaking for a moment, staring at the severed black cock that I held out in front of me at arm's length. I was observing the way the cock bowed toward the floor from where I clutched it at its base just before the scrotum when I felt a scream rising in my throat. That's when the voice of reason spoke up in my mind, forcing it back down.

Calm down, Karen. Get a grip. You're losing it. And all over nothing. Listen, it's-not-real! Okay? This is obviously some new gruesome sex toy made for those goth freaks that someone thought would make a great gag gift for you. Look, it all makes sense when you think about it. How many of your friends and family know you like horror movies? A bunch, right? I mean use your eyes. You can clearly see it's a fake. No cock is that huge! So quit letting yourself fall into their trap. Laugh and enjoy your gift already!

I slowly eased out the breath that I had been holding to keep down my scream, simultaneously releasing all the tension from my body. I began to laugh, nervously at first, then more heartily. "Yeah you got me, guys. Bravo." I turned the fake dead cock in my hands. "Your manufacturers did an amazing job on you. You look, feel, and even..." I gave its tip a quick sniff, "... smell like a real-life cock. I guess if you were an actual dead cock, you'd have to smell of decay or formaldehyde. But if you're a sex toy..." I wiggled it, feeling its limpness, "...I couldn't use you like this even if I wanted to. Hmm... How do I activate you?"

Turning the fake phallus over and over to inspect every inch of it, I was perplexed when I found no on switch. "Odd," I finally said, giving up the search. Then, staring at the cock and the way I now clutched it with both hands, one hand at its base just before the scrotum and the other just above that one, I got an idea. "I wonder..." Then, taking the cock's weight in my right hand, the hand that clutched its base, I began to slowly stroke its length with my left.

Feeling it's flesh slide up and down beneath my palm along with my hand motion only added to the cock's ruse of authenticity. It seemed more and more real the longer I held it. Distantly I noticed my hand quickening its pace and my breaths getting more erratic, but to my great frustration, there was no change in the cock. And with every fruitless tug, my desire - my need - grew.

I wanted this cock hard badly. But why? It wasn't like I was going to actually use it. Absolutely not! Out of the question! I couldn't have sex with this fake, severed, dead, black cock for the same reason that I could never have sex with a real, attached, living black cock. It's just too weird. Again, I'm not racist. But just the thought of a black guy and a white woman, like myself, mixing sexually in any way, just always made me a bit queasy.

Then how do you explain what you're doing now, Karen?

That's when it hit me. I was stroking a black cock! Well, something pretty darn close to it. And I didn't feel sick in the slightest!

I couldn't help but marvel at this toy's uncanny likeness to a real cock. So this is what it feels like to jerk a black guy off, I thought. As my strokes got faster, I involuntarily brought the cock's head to my nose again. As I inhaled the enticing aroma of manly musk, the sensitive flesh at the cock's tip brushed my lips, sending a tingling sensation through me. I let it stay there a while, continuing my stroking. My eyes slowly closed, my lips parted ever-so-slightly. I noticed there was a little pressure pushing at them. I remember thinking ridiculously, is that me or the cock? I started to hear little sounds of pleasure rising deep within me. My lips parted some more and began to slowly slide over the head. Then the cock jumped!

"Whoa!" I exclaimed, shocked into dropping it into the still open top dresser drawer. I stood there staring down at the cock, hesitant to touch it again, not knowing what to think, when suddenly I heard my husband coming in the door. Crap! On impulse, I swiftly pushed the drawer closed just as the door swung open.

There was a huge smile on Tim's face. He looked excited. I knew immediately that I did the right thing by shutting the drawer. There was about a billion things that would have gone through Tim's head when he saw a huge, severed black cock toy in my possession, and none of them were good. For a moment he just stood there staring at me with that smile, breathing hard as if his excitement was on the verge of overwhelming him.
