 Last-night I discovered something very disturbing about myself. I either I have a serious sleepwalking problem or I'm being possessed. I don't really believe in possession so it must be a sleeping disorder. The weird thing about it is I know it stems from what I'm drawing and I also know full well I'm going to draw it again tonight. I can't help myself. I'm compelled to. Whatever the outcome good or bad I'm still going to do it because I can't stop. After a week or so the seriousness of the situation wears off until it just becomes a curiosity.

~~~~~

The next few weeks are pretty uneventful. On a Saturday I ask my mom if she can take me to the store to get a new art pad. I finished the old one off the night before, it was so frustrating not being able to draw "her". I almost started drawing on notebook paper, but I couldn't bare the thought of the blue lines going through her.

We get back from the art store around 3 pm, I go right to my room and start drawing. I bought some charcoal this time to see if I could add more depth to my drawings.

Before I know it, it's 8 pm, getting dark, and I've already finished the first page. The demon almost looks sad in this picture. She's nude as usual but solemn. Most of my other pics of her she's making a very seductive expression. Don't get me wrong, she's sexy as hell even sad. I get hard every time I draw her and I bet I've masturbated 4 or 5 times a day since the first picture. Haven't had no more wet dreams or woke up thinking someone was wrapped around me since last month.

School hasn't been too bad. No run-ins with Autumn. I've seen her a few times from far away, but no eye contact; so no trouble. I can't believe I have to avoid her. Bitch.

I'm about halfway through this art pad now. Going at this rate I'll be finishing one a week.

~~~~~

I've walked down this road a thousand times and I've never seen that. It's got to be new, but when would they have built it? I go through here nearly every day and saw no construction. Where the old oak tree had been chopped down when I was a kid, there is a black object attached to the old stump. Short in the front and tall in the back, with a rounded hole in the middle. Nobody around right now, I step off the road, into the grass. No sign of tools or equipment....wait a minute. The closer I get to this thing, it doesn't even look man made. It looks like it grew out of the stump. Instead of a hard synthetic surface like I thought before, getting a closer look, it seems organic, but it's black. Short nubs that might be the beginnings of limbs growing in random areas. I walk around it again to examine the opening. The only part of the whole thing that isn't smooth. It's actually quite bumpy. Like an idiot I reach in to touch it to see what it feels like. When my hand makes contact something sighs and the surface moves from within, scaring the shit out of me.

It sounded feminine but..... "Jon, touch me again. Pull me from this stupor." It was so faint, I'm not sure If I even heard or imagined it.

I'm freaking out now. "Did you.....is there somebody in there?"

"I need you to touch me again. I can't seem to wake up"

I start to back off.

"No, please help me. I just need you to wake me up. Please. I promise I wont hurt you. I couldn't if I wanted to. I'm too weak and you mean so much to me."

Weighing my choices something compels me to help. Curiosity for one, but something else altogether. Something familiar. I'm such a dumb-ass. I reach into the large hole and touch what feels like slimy snakes but different; more animated than alive. Trailing my hand upwards where they converge my finger enters an opening.

"Ahhhhhh" the voice whispers.

The mass shudders. The hole is wet, hot, and tightens around my finger as I try to pull it out. The suction is powerful; the more I pull the stronger it becomes and instead pulls me in further up to the wrist. There's moments when it seems to weaken and I can almost get my hand out, then the suction amps up again, sucking me in further. My arm is buried almost to mid-forearm now. I'm starting to panic. It's taking all my strength to remain stationary and I'm already so tired, my legs are shaking. An occasional car drives by on the road behind me, but my yells are unheard or ignored. I hope this thing doesn't try to pull me all the way in or even worse; there's something down in there waiting to maul me.

The worst things run through my mind as my energy and strength falter. With one last show of strength I yank with everything I've got. I free my hand to the first knuckle then get sucked back in. We repeat this several times as the voice starts moaning and the opening leaks a whitish, semi-opaque liquid. Putting both my feet up on the mass, my arm gets sucked in passed my elbow. I yank one more time with all I've got and finally free myself, flying through the air from the inertia of the release, a long string of the liquid connected to my hand from the opening. The mass shakes violently, the nubs thrashing, as the voice from within screams "YES, YES, YES........" over and over again until everything settles down. The object quits moving and the voice is silent.

My head still spinning, I sit upright and look at my hand. Other than it tingling and being covered in a slippery liquid, everything seems.....wait a minute, I have about fifteen or sixteen tiny puncture marks spread all over the part that was sucked in. Already black veins are showing from each puncture leading up the arm. It feels like an itching, almost as if tiny ants were crawling under my skin towards my heart. When they reach it, my vision goes blurry, and my heart grows cold, really cold. Feels like it's cracking and stops.....I fall over. My head hitting the ground a second time, but this time I'm greeted with blackness.

When I wake, the first thing I think of is I'm not dead. Then I think it must have been a dream but no, I still have the marks on my arms, although they've healed to scabs now. The clear liquid is gone, but the weird tree is still there, except it isn't weird anymore, just looks like an old dead tree now, sitting totally still.

I get up, brush myself off and head to the road leading home. The heat is really brutal and it seems worse since the incident, like my pores have closed up and I can't sweat, even though I'm covered in it.

The same phrase keeps repeating in my mind, "If you want to see me, look into the dark."

My head is pounding, like it has a heartbeat of it's own. It's excruciating. I just need to lay down, get out of the heat. Damn, I hope mom has the air on today. It's so fucking hot. My stomach cramps and I dry-heave. The back of my throat taste like ink or poison. A convulsion hits, knocking me forward onto the hot asphalt, burning my cheek. I get up with, a stream of spit stretching from my lip to the road. Barely standing, head still exploding, I'm not going to make it home. Barely making it to the side of the road I fall again, this time face first in the dirt. It actually feels good. I'm blacking out. Anything would be better than this pain....I'm just going to take a nap for a moment, then I'll be okay.

"If you want to see me, look into the dark."

About ten feet from me is a stop sign, in the shadow cast by it......it's her, my Aatheen. So beautiful she is. I wish I could go to her, but I can no longer move. She can't leave the shadow, but luckily with the sun descending to the west, the shadow draws closer. Maybe in another ten or so minutes. I'm just going to close my eyes until then.

Before I lose conciseness someone takes my hand.

~~~~~

"Jon...Jon!!!"

"What?" I say, a little startled.

It's my mom, staring at me like I have three heads. TV's blaring. I notice it's dark outside. What time is it I wonder? How long have I been sitting here?

"Are you okay? You've been sitting there like a zombie for hours."

"Um...I'm okay. Just tired I guess. Think I'll go to bed."

"Want me to fix you something eat?"

"What's gotten into you? You hardly ever cook anymore."

"Just thought I'd ask. You haven't been yourself lately."

"I'm okay mom. Just tired. Thanks though. Maybe tomorrow?"

"Sweet dreams."

"You too."

I go into my bedroom shutting the door behind me. I turn the radio on, lay on the bed, opening my art pad, grabbing some charcoal. A few minutes later it hits me. How the hell did I end up here? The last thing I remember before my mother yelled at me in the living room...I was laying in the dirt on the side of the street, blacking out. The holes in my arm...just little blue dots now. Looks like I poked myself with a ballpoint pen. Damn, I'm still not right. Am I dreaming this stuff up? That wouldn't explain the marks on my arms.

I start sketching. I'm not going to read too deep into this. There's nothing I can do about it anyway. I'm not going to a doctor, which will either put me on meds or send me to a psychologist or both. I'm not taking a chance on becoming someones lab rat or taking something that might affect my creativity. I don't use drugs and I know I'm not dreaming this shit up. I always thought there was more to this world than what we see and now I think it may be proven to me. I'm seeing where this leads.

Each drawing turns out better than the last. Aatheen...my dark nightmarish lover. You're more beautiful each time I see you.

~~~~~

The house is dark. It takes a moment for my eyes to focus. It's still really hard to see but I can make out shapes. Getting out of bed...there's debris all over the floor wherever I step. Feels like paper and something wet and slippery. I call for my mother to make sure she is okay, but I somehow know she's not going to answer. She's not here, at least not in this here. This is our house but very different. Someone may be here but It won't be my mother.

There's a faint sound down the hallway coming from my mothers room. Heading towards it I slide in the slippery substance. Bending down to see what it is. I realize I'm nude with an erection. It's harder than ever and looks like it's grown another inch. At this rate of growth I'll never be able to have sex in a month or so, I'll be too big to fit all of it into anyone. The slippery substance is all over the carpet and soaked through. Damn, I'm so horny I can't think straight, fighting the urge to touch myself. I know if I do I wont stop with this new amped up sex drive.

Getting closer to the bedroom the sound becomes clearer. It's moaning and gasping with a wet sloshing sound. A wave of the liquid soaking the carpet washes across my feet to my ankles followed by another moan. What the hell is this? It's hot and slick with a musky smell...it's making my head swim. My dick is throbbing and dripping. Fighting the urge to cum with each step. In the doorway to the bedroom now another wave of hot liquid hits my feet and ankles followed by another gasp. There's a dark form on the bed moving rhythmically. Tiny hot droplets hit my face from across the room. The form tenses up, another wave hits my legs followed by another long moan.

"I can't stop Jon." The strange female voice says. 'Oh Demonith, I'm cumming again...AAAAHHHHHhhhhhhmmmmm...." then the sloshing again and another flood hits me. Oh my Gawd, I think this may be her. I can't see very well but the feel is her. Shit, every time she cums she floods the whole house...Fuck, I should be scared but I'm about to cum. Every hair on my body is standing on edge. My nerves so sensitive.

"Everything is making me cum. The air from the fan...the feel of the blankets on my bare skin...the smell of my cum...oh hell, I'm cumming again....FFFFFFFUUUUUUUccccccckkkkkk...........!!!" Another flood, the smell again, the sound, so hot...

"Oh my Jon, you need to cum. Come spray your seed inside me...please."

"I can't...I won't...damn..." is all I can say. It takes all my strength not to jump on top of her and fuck her like I want to...like I need too"

She screams again and sprays me from head to toe this time. The heat is more than I can take, feeling my dick lurch and go numb as a huge rope of sperm shoots out of me across the room followed by another. I collapse on the soaked carpet cumming again. . "Please my love. Come fuck me, don't waste your seed on the floor. Give it to m...m...meeeeeee....I'M CUMMING..." spraying my back and ass. The carpet's so slick I start fucking it. With each thrust I draw closer to her until...I'm in her reach. She grabs a handful of my hair and hauls me on to the bed up over her. Shit, I can see her now. She holds me above her two or three feet. Her veins faintly glow under her skin, brighter in her breast and between her legs, mouth and eyes. She's strong. I can tell she could rip me in half with a thought but I'm not scared, not at the moment anyway. The only thing I have on my mind is fucking her and I don't care if I die doing it.

My dick looks like it's grown another inch and it's thicker too. It's so big now it reaches my chest and it hurts like the skin is going to rip. "I'm ready...I need inside you...I don't care if you kill me...just let me fuck you."

"Oh my sweet Jon. I would never kill you. You're my love, but my sweet...loving me does have a price."

I reach out and grab her. She lowers me between her legs. "I don't care about the price." I say, just as the head of my dick slides inside. As soon as it slips in she cums flooding me with hot liquid and I bury it all the way in. I can't believe she can take it but take she does and then some as she cums again. She opens her mouth and buries her tongue so deep in mine I can't breath, not like she's kissing but actually sampling me, maybe even infecting me. Like I said I don't care what she does, to be inside her is all I need.

It's not how I thought it would be. Instead of me pumping her, her pussy pumps me, it pulls me so deep then pushes me back out. Her tits are so huge, her nipples actually burning me. I look down where they touched, the burn marks are glowing like embers. I see my cock as it slides out, my veins are glowing and spreading up my body just like hers. She orgasms again as she screams and growls while her body bucks and gushes.

She starts chanting or speaking in some foreign language somehow with her tongue still buried in me. It sounds like the words are coming from me, deep inside me and coming out of my mouth, my pores, ears, nose, even my dick and ass. The vibration they cause resonates in my balls, they hum and scream...damn, it's going to make me cum, explode like I never have. This may be my end when I blow this load. All of me will come out me, out of the head of my dick inside her. She'll consume me.

She's stops moving. Lays perfectly still. I can hear my heartbeat and hers beating individually at first then slowly the same, they beat as one. Her body burns. She says "I must ask you, is this what you want? If you cum in me, if you give me your seed we'll form a Pact, a Pact we can never break. You'll belong to me."

"I've belonged to you for months now. I don't care now. Just let me cum inside you. I'll be yours forever body and soul. Just let me have you this once, that's all I need."

"Oh, my silly man. It won't be this once. You'll be fucking me for an eternity. You'll never leave...me."

I don't let her finish. I'm pounding her with everything I've got. My dick is engorged and burning ready to spew.

"Yes Jon yes...fuck me. Give me your seed! YESSSSSSSSSSSSS........." she screams. "Fuck me like the slut I am, like the whore you want me to be."

I slap her face as hard as I can, then with my dick still inside I stand up on the bed, her head still on the pillow her ass held high above. I spit on my cock, I spit on her glowing tits and her face as I fuck her, giving her all I got.

"I'm about to cum you cunt. I don't give a fuck what happens to me but right now you're mine" Grabbing her hair and yanking her up, I shove her head into the wall, the Sheetrock cracks. Shoving my dick so far inside her it would kill a normal girl but not her, she takes it."

"You're about to cum." She holds my face "Look in my eyes when you do it. It will make it complete."

I headbutt her in the mouth and shove my dick in hard. "OH FUCK!"

"Yes, do it. Cum in my cunt." She screams as she spreads her legs as far as they'll go. She bites my cheek and gives it a rip then she cums right before I do, soaking me, a hot waterfall down my legs to the bed.

When I cum I open my eyes. She looks deep inside me. Almost sad, like I fucked up. I slap her again as I spew into her hot cunt as she sprays onto me and I gush into her and down her legs. I gush into her more times than I can count until there's nothing left, of me or anything else. Did I shoot out my soul, I wonder because I've never been so spent.

"You're mine sweet lover, forever. Don't worry, you wont regret. Things won't be bad for you, just different.

Barely able to stay awake I collapse into her arms. She lifts me up and carries me to my bed. "When you wake up this wont seem like a dream. You'll remember it all and you'll have purpose like never before."

Just before I black out she climbs on top of me and starts fucking me again. "When you wake up I'll be gone but you'll see me soon. I promise you'll be a new man." She cums then I go to sleep. The sleep of demons.

To be continued...