 The hunger was consuming Susan. She was getting dizzy; the fever was clouding her mind and she had broken out into a sweat. She teetered on her heels, and looked at her hands. The skin on her hands and arms was flushed bright red. She was burning up. Had this really seemed like a good idea?

Her mind drifted back to the hamburger she had tried to ingest a half hour ago. Her stomach reeled with nausea at the thought. She thought this would be so easy. Six days ago, Danuta had given her what she thought would be the greatest gift; unimaginable power and freedom. But instead, she was helpless, scared. And so desperately hungry. She needed to feed.

She had always been socially awkward. Sort of pretty, she had jet-black hair and a pale complexion. Her boobs were fairly large -- D cups, and nicely shaped. Her hips and tummy were wider than she would have liked, but she was by no means fat. A couple of her teeth were crooked though, and her smile was lop-sided. This made her very self-conscious of smiling, and reinforced her shyness.

She could never figure out exactly why she was so hopeless with men. Twenty years old now, she had only had sex twice. They were both one-night stands. And she had struck out with every guy she had ever had interest in. She was a bit geeky she supposed; she liked books, and video games, and was a member of a historical reenactment society. She was definitely on the goth side of things, and was heavily into the image in high school. She couldn't understand why she couldn't seem to say or do the right things to be sexy, to make men want her. And now she thought she had it; the ultimate power to seduce and consume men, strictly for her pleasure and sustenance. But instead, she found that she was the same old inept loser, striking out with men whenever she made any bumbling advance, and somehow unable to tempt them to make a move.

Except that now she was starving, the hunger taking her whole being and threatening to end her existence. She needed sperm. And now.

Two hours ago, she had been in a nightclub. She had already been getting panicky -- six full days had passed since Danuta had turned her. She still hadn't fed, and she was getting terribly weak. She had spent almost all of the last of her money on an outfit to try to attract a man. It was a red PVC mini-dress, with buckles and a collar with lapels. Her feet were adorned with a pair of shiny red pumps with five-inch stiletto heels, and a pair of red silk stockings with seams clad her smooth legs. Her medium length hair was swept back and sprayed in place. She had on a pushup bra to accentuate her ample cleavage, and applied her makeup heavily. She wore lipstick and lip liner, whore-red and glossy. She had thought for sure her appearance would scream "Get your blowjobs here!", and she had spent plenty of time on the dance floor, shaking herself around, striking provocative poses, trying her best to seem available. She tried to down a shot of whiskey to calm herself, but she couldn't swallow it. It literally tasted and felt like poison.

She had felt herself getting weaker and more feverish as she tried to display herself, but to no avail. She tried to strike up a conversation with a burly, handsome guy who looked a bit like a trucker, but he blew her off. She fled the club dejected. Did she seem too desperate? What was the problem? This wasn't fair!! Was she going to die?

Now, alone downtown, unable to seduce a man, unable to eat a hamburger, she began to cry with the bleakness of her situation crushing her. How was it possible to have such difficulty just getting a guy to allow her to fellate him? She was scared of the danger of getting carried away; Danuta had warned her of that. She didn't want to kill. For so many different reasons. But she just wanted men to want her, to be irresistible, sexy, mysterious, compelling. And the whole immortality thing had seemed like an added bonus.

It was real. Her thoughts drifted back to how she had discovered the carefully ensconced coven. She had always dreamed, fantasized, prayed for this to be real. And it was. She had met Danuta at the medieval fair just over a year ago now. Danuta was a beautiful woman with small features, shoulder-length light brown hair, a slight figure, and stood about 5'4". She had some kind of European accent, and appearing to be about 32 years old or so. Their meeting had seemed innocent enough. She thought she had found a kindred spirit. It was true in far deeper and direr ways than she knew. That meeting had changed her life. And six days ago, her life had changed irrevocably. How could she have dreamed it would be such a terrible curse, an open mockery of her womanhood, simply reinforcing all of her shortcomings, and threatening to end her life because of them...

She stumbled and steadied herself against the glass of the hotel lobby window. The cool night air of downtown gently rustled past her. She felt a shiver and flash of cold, but the burning heat was still there. She thought she was about to pass out...

"Miss?" called out the voice of an older man. "Miss, are you all right? You don't look well at all, do you need me to call an ambulance?"

She turned to face the source of the voice. An elderly man, perhaps in his early seventies, dressed in the smart uniform of a bellhop had entered the street and was regarding her with concern. It was a Tuesday night, and at just past midnight, they were the only two on the street. She was ready to burst out crying again, her face already streaked with tears and sweat. An ambulance couldn't help her!

She tried to say something, but knew nothing she said would make any difference. She lurched and began to collapse to the sidewalk.

The bellhop reacted with concern and alarm, and tried to reach out to catch her fall. His legs and reflexes weren't as effective as when he was a younger man, and he only partially succeeded. Susan fell forward and knocked him off his feet as well. She ended up sprawled across his thighs as he landed on his rump, giving up his efforts to catch her in an instinctive flailing to try to prevent injury to his own person.

He gasped out in pain as they met the concrete.

Susan sobbed in her plight. It was hopeless. It was useless. She was such a fool.

The elderly bellhop grimaced in pain. He tentatively moved, testing his limbs. Nothing seemed to be broken. His less-than-graceful attempt at gallantry had certainly bruised his buttocks and hands though. He winced and inhaled sharply. He regarded the afflicted young mess that had just landed in his lap.

"Miss? Miss? Are you still with me? I'm going to call an ambulance, ok? You just stay here..."

He began to shuffle in an attempt to gently extricate himself from beneath her and rise.

She was slipping away. Blackness was going to take her. She was forced into action. She had no choice. What could she do? There was no choice!! She needed sperm. She wouldn't last another minute without it.

She looked up into his eyes, the fire of hunger giving her clarity. She held his hips and tried to restrain him from rising. He returned her gaze, his expression a mixture of concern and confusion.

She began fumbling with his trousers, her fingers seeking to undo the button and unzip his fly.

"Miss? Miss, what are you doing? You're not well, I need to... What? Stop! Miss! What..."

He fought to thwart her actions, but her last, desperate chance for life had given her a surge of strength. She rose to her knees and crouched over him. She loosed the button of his trousers and tugged the fly down.

"Miss! Stop! Stop! What are you... Don't, let me go! What... Let go! Let me go!"

Her jaws were aching in anticipation. Her lips curled into a snarl. She grabbed his wrist and forced it out of her way. Her right hand grabbed his boxer shorts and tore them as she yanked them down to expose his groin.

"Help!" he cried out. "She's crazy, someone help me!!"

In an instant, she swooped down and engulfed his flaccid penis with her mouth. She began sucking on it intensely, a focused pressure designed to bring him to erection and ejaculation as quickly as possible.

She had only given one blowjob before in her life, and it had been a humiliating disaster. The boy's cock was short but extremely thick, and she had had difficulty getting her mouth around it. She didn't know what she was doing, and he belittled her efforts. Then her teeth had nicked the shaft of his penis, and he cried out with shock and pain. He ripped his penis from her mouth, and berated her, calling her a snaggle-toothed hag. He slapped her across the face once smartly, grabbed her hair and began masturbating. He quickly brought himself to orgasm, spewing his load all over her face and into her hair. He then shoved her away, called her a worthless ugly skag, quickly dressed and left her like that.

This time something was different. Definitely different. Her state and her hunger gave her instinctual knowledge about exactly how to extract sperm from this penis.

The bellhop continued to struggle and try to free himself, but to no avail. With her last effort to survive, she held him down and sucked on his member. It began to respond and lengthen, despite his protestations. The sensation was delicious to her. She would feed. It was close. So soon.

She bobbed on his extending shaft, licking and lapping, sucking and pumping. She was vaguely aware that she was administering an expert blowjob, knowing precisely how to stimulate this man to bring him off with her mouth.

His penis never really attained full erection, but that didn't matter. All that mattered was that he ejaculate. And to his utter astonishment at his situation, he felt that begin to happen. He had difficulty attaining erections at all! What was going on? He and his wife hadn't had sex in over a year, and he'd never had sex with another woman! And now this feverish, seemingly crazy young woman was about to bring him to orgasm with her mouth? He couldn't stop it. He cried out in lust, gasping with the intensity of the sensation as his body clenched in spasm.

She could sense it. It was imminent. She sucked harder, flicking her tongue all over the underside of the tip. She would have her reward... She would live...

He began shooting into her mouth. The taste was beyond divine, a spiritual experience unequaled. She shivered, savouring the feel and flavour of his ejaculate as he delivered it into her mouth, and she swallowed it down. She felt her vagina contract in a mini-orgasm. She was instantly alive, feeling stronger, feeling satisfied, feeling powerful...

But it wasn't enough. Damn! It wasn't enough!! It was thin, not many sperm cells, likely... And old. He was old. The urge took her. The hunger was upon her. She would continue to suck, she would get more, she would get all he had to offer, she would suck his soul out through his penis, she would feed...

No! What was she doing? It was a waste. It would be a waste. He did not have much life left... She would kill him, and she would still be hungry...

She let his penis slip from her mouth. She snarled in frustration, anger... She had the urge to kill him just to alleviate her angst. He looked up at her, bewildered and afraid. That had been the best orgasm of his life, but he felt so drained, weaker, older...

No! Damn! She would kill him, the police would find her... She couldn't kill. She mustn't!! And for what? He wouldn't be able to give her much at all, she would be hungry again in a matter of hours probably...

She needed semen. Young semen. Vital, vibrant, healthy semen full of sperm cells, full of life...

She could think clearly now. She rose, regarded the bellhop briefly, and turned. The fever had lessened, she felt cooler now. She was still flushed, but not bright red as she had been. She ran off. She was on the hunt. She needed a young cock to feed her, and she would find it and take it. No seduction, no games, no courtship... Just a huntress and her prey.

She sprinted back towards the strip. She felt inhuman strength and agility coursing through her after her meal. She was able to dash full speed in her pumps and felt as sure footed as mountain goat. She laughed to herself. She was still ravenously hungry, though. She would not be deterred in her mission to feed now.

She arrived on Salder Avenue, and paused, glancing quickly up and down the street in front of the Lighthouse Club and The RockPit. She panted lightly, winded, but amazed at the incredible burst of energy she had just expended. She caught her reflection in the window of an electronics store, and was taken aback. She looked a perfect mess! Dressed like a hooker, her makeup smeared and streaming all over her face, her hair disheveled, her stockings torn... She instinctively began cleaning her face, but then stopped. It hadn't been effective anyway... She was to feed, and her appearance be damned. There would be no resisting her.

The voice of a young man laughed out, bidding a farewell to unseen persons in the RockPit. This was perfect. Suddenly she could smell his maleness, his youth, his vigour, his fertility...

Six days ago Danuta had turned Susan. Susan had been in awe of her, her confidence, her sultriness, her power, her influence over men... Danuta kept a stable of six men to dote on her. They freely offered her their penises, fed her their semen willingly... They all worked and turned their earnings over to her, completely under her spell, living to feel her mouth give them pleasure beyond their imaginings, once or twice daily, ejaculating with rapturous intensity as they doled out their life force bit by bit for her consumption.

Danuta had grown to trust Susan over the months. Ever since they had met at the medieval fair, she liked the young girl. She was sympathetic to her plight. She saw how this girl was so close to being an amazingly sexy temptress, but how she always managed to fall just short. Intelligent and sensuous, creative and imaginative, she saw true potential within Susan, and had made the decision to confide in her.

"I know you've met my sisters a few times now, Susan," she had said one day about three months ago, as they sat in the living room of Danuta's spacious home. "I have been extremely close to them now for many, many years. I think you see that there is something different about us. I see in you something of myself, and of my sisters, back when we were much younger. I trust you, Susan. I want to show you something that I know you will like, if you can keep it a secret."

"Um, of course, Danuta..." Susan had replied, unsure of what she was speaking.

"I'm sure you have had suspicions. But you live in the real world. You know fact from fantasy. You are smart, and as much as you love fiction, and drama, and role-playing, you know fairy tales from actual, scientifically provable phenomena, yes?"  

"Well, sure, yes," she responded, quite confused.

"Follow me," she said, "In here." She led Susan to the doorway to the basement of her house. Susan had certainly been curious what was in the basement from the first time she noticed the multiple locking mechanisms on the seemingly heavily reinforced door. Danuta produce a key from her boot, and removed her pentacle necklace. She folded it a couple of times, and it too, formed the shape of the key. Ken, one of her house boys, nodded to Danuta as she opened the locks and the door, motioning Susan to descend the stairs.

Danuta flipped a light switch, illuminating the passage. The staircase was tiled with some kind of polished stone, and the walls were decorated in some kind of clay moulding, very intricate and beautiful. She closed the door and the two stepped down into the basement.

Surprisingly, once she rounded the corner at the bottom of the stairs, she found the basement essentially bare. There was a table, some chairs, and four deep freezers. That was about all.

"This is where we sleep," said Danuta with a knowing smile. Susan was wondering if this was some bizarre joke or something.

Danuta walked over to one of the freezers and opened it. Susan leaned in to see its contents, and withdrew in shock! Inside lay Eniko, her eyes closed. The inside of the freezer was lined with what looked like velvet padding. Susan could feel the cold emanating from the freezer. Was this a trick? Was Eniko dead?

No she was not! Her eyes blinked open, and she rose to a seated position, smiling softly at Susan. "Hello, Susan," she said simply.

Susan thought this must be some sort of elaborate ruse. What was all this about? Eniko rose and took Susan's hand gently in a greeting. Her hand was cold as ice. If this was a trick, it was extremely well orchestrated.

Danuta then opened the next freezer. Susan suspected what would be revealed. Indeed, one of the other two sisters, Zorana, lay inside. She also opened her eyes, rose, and exited her freezer.

"Hello, Susan," she said, again taking her hand in greeting with the same icy grasp. "Welcome to our bedroom." She smiled at Susan, who stared back incredulously.

Danuta passed by the third freezer, stating, "This is where I sleep." She approached the last freezer. "This is where Kinia sleeps. We wanted you to completely understand and accept what you are seeing, so she hasn't fed in over a week. She will be very hungry. She did this for your benefit."

She raised the lid of the freezer, and there lay Kinia. She awoke with more of a start, her eyes wide and searching. Her skin was flushed crimson. She certainly looked more agitated and anxious than her other sisters. She was the slimmest and slightest of the four, with dark brown, wavy hair that fell in tresses about her head. She rose and smiled, her face quickly returning to an expression of anxiety. "Oh, hello, Susan," she said extending her hand. "I'm very glad you could join us, it has been an increasingly uncomfortable time for me these last ten days. Danuta trusts you greatly, and I concur with her feelings. You have nothing to fear from us." She turned and spoke to Danuta, saying, "I'm very hungry. Can we get to the feeding now, Danuta?"

Taking Kinia's hand, Susan found it warm. She glanced at the freezer. She extended a hand toward it, and confirmed that indeed felt as cold as the rest. Kinia laughed at her puzzled expression.

Danuta smiled at Susan warmly. "Can you guess the truth? And yes, it is real."

Susan looked blankly at the four. A number of things started to add up. All four had pale complexions, avoided sunlight as much as possible, indeed, she had usually seen them at night. The power they seemed to wield over men. The eastern European accents they all had that she couldn't seem to place. "...You're vampires..." she said at length, not really believing the words that had just come out of her mouth.

"Yes," said Danuta with a cheery smile and a tinkling laugh. "We are. But not the usual kind, the kind that mostly you find in books and movies. In our language, we are known as spermárevő. We are similar to nosferatu in most respects. We are far stronger and faster than humans. Especially after we have fed. Sunlight is instantly fatal to a young

spermárevő. We develop a tolerance to it in time, but it is at best uncomfortable, and bright, hot sun will eventually kill even the oldest of us. We do not take nourishment from food. In fact, similar to sunlight, it takes many years to be able to consume it, or even to drink water. This is done strictly to appear as human as possible, or for some ritualistic purposes. We are, for all practical purposes, dead. We do not require breath, although it allows speech, and it is certainly more comfortable. Exertions particularly cause us to breathe heavily, and in absence of oxygen, it can be extremely painful. We cannot be poisoned. We cannot bleed to death. Most physical harm that would injure or kill a human will not damage us. We do not age. I, myself, am 438 years old. How old are you, Zorana?"
