 Susan strode towards the dance floor. She turned briefly to adjust her top, accentuating her cleavage more deeply. Her face displayed a confident smirk. Her step was bold. Her breasts jiggled with every footfall. She drew stares of disdain from some of the women, interested leers from some of the men. Unholy strength coursed through her body. She had fed well on semen, and the life force she had taken in expressed itself in vigour and energy undreamed of.

Laughing, she swirled onto the dance floor, twisting and grinding to the rhythm. Her eyes were closed and she still wore her satisfied, smug smile. She felt so dramatically different from earlier tonight. Before, she was doing her best to seem attractive and available, and it was useless. Now she cared not who was watching, who was interested, yet she knew she was drawing men to her. They would be piqued, curious, and drawn to her bold, unashamed confidence like moths to a flame.

How many would feed her tonight? And beg for more? She laughed again, brimming over with satisfaction and bliss.

She thanked Danuta silently. She blessed her, and her sisters... thanked the goddess that she had made their acquaintance. Earlier tonight she'd convinced herself that it was a curse, a mistake. Now she knew that it was everything she had hoped. And so much more. Her life had begun in earnest, tonight.

She opened her eyes, grinning as she spun on the floor. Her ankles, knees and thighs felt like coils of steel. Even in her high heeled pumps, she was able to dip and squat low, rotating her hips in ever widening circles, spreading her stance and rising, to stand erect with her hands raised, swaying in the air. Every movement was pure joy. Surely she could feel no better than this.

Her gaze was caught by a good-looking stud with gelled hair, loose fitting jeans and a tight sweater. He obviously worked out. He regarded her with intent, his head nodding slightly in acknowledgment as their eyes met. She grinned wider, feeling lust exude from her being at every sultry movement.

Mac's imposing form caught her eye from the direction of the door. Oh, he had such a macho pose... Broad shouldered, relaxed, head slightly inclined back, arms just flexed enough to show his biceps... He made a brief kissy face and shot a wide, toothy grin to her. She blew a kiss back. Mac was clearly intending to mark his territory. She just used it as a catalyst to become flirtier, more seductive, more free... It seemed such a paradox, one that was impossible for her to grasp even five hours ago. Look like a whore. Act like you don't care if men are looking. Be outrageous, scandalous, slutty. And they'll fall at your feet.

She was sated now, and so concentrated on this wonderful, liberating new sense of self she had. Any one of these cocks might feed her later. It was up to her to decide when, and which.

For now she just danced, loving how sexy and powerful she felt.

Some of her human instincts expressed themselves, and she began walking to the bar to get a drink. Altering her course half way, she checked herself, remembering how her last attempt at whiskey had gone. She was a teetotaler now. Or a sperm-totaler, rather.

The gel-haired stud approached her and asked if she wanted a drink. She politely declined, adding that maybe later tonight he could give her an extra-special drink. She licked her lips and tossed her head in laughter, leaving him bewildered and intrigued.

Six days ago she had been with Danuta and her sisters. It was to be the last time for a long while, perhaps forever.

She had gained their full trust. They had made an offer, she had taken the time they required, considered carefully, and accepted. That night, after a final period of information exchange, they would conduct the ritual. That night, she would become a spermárevő.

"Things are much easier for us in the modern world," explained Eniko. "We recruit young men from the internet. They have very limited knowledge of our habits, and none of our true nature. All the knowledge they have is that we are uniquely talented at performing fellatio, and, if a young man passes our screening processes, will get blowjobs from one or all of us several times a day."

Zorana expounded on the subject. "There are several levels of screening they must pass before we will actually meet. If they are approved, the first feeding is free. So they understand what pleasures might await them. Then they must provide us with generous donations to continue visiting, and if they wish to become houseboys, like Joel and Ken, they turn all their incomes over to us directly and may live in the house with us for a couple of days a week."

"We keep them for about four months at maximum," said Eniko. "Any longer than that and they may start to notice the effects of aging."

"We move frequently," said Danuta. "This is mostly because of the vampire hunters. We exist, as do they. Spermárevő are even more rare than nosferatu, but we known, and we are hunted. North America used to be much safer for spermárevő; we were not well known on this continent. But in the last forty years or so, we've had to be increasingly careful."

Susan felt compelled to ask a question. If she was turned, she felt it was important to know. She just hoped the question wasn't too imposing.

"Tell me," she asked, "Please, what happened 46 years ago? The last time you... killed?"

Kinia and Eniko exchanged nervous glances.

"We'll talk about that in a bit," said Danuta. "The related subject has to be tabled; it's important. When we turn you, we must abandon you."

Susan's eyes widened a bit.

"This is for our own safety. A young spermárevő is much less in control of her urges. It is much easier for her to kill. We cannot attract the attention of vampire hunters because of the indiscretions of a youngling."

"Abandon? How, exactly?" asked Susan. "I knew we would be parted, but... I didn't know, well, I really don't know..."

"We must leave you," Danuta stated. "Alone. Completely, to fend for yourself. If you can survive, if you can stay undetected, if you can establish yourself, you can come and seek us out."

"But, but... How will I..."

Danuta shushed her gently. "We will explain more and give you a list of things you should do or find. After that, you're on your own."

Susan balked. She had had second thoughts about this whole idea, but had quelled them. She had assumed that she would have some guidance or protection from the coven, though, and it now seemed that none would be forthcoming.

Danuta and her sisters detailed what she should garner for herself in preparation for the change. A basement apartment in a low-income area. A deep freeze. Any cool chamber would do, really, a coffin, a concrete vault... The modern world afforded certain comforts, though, and this applied to vampires as well. A hat and veil. A coat and gloves. Tinfoil. Black spray paint. Cash. Bleach. Kerosene. A hunting knife. Garbage bags. Duct tape. Gold jewelry. A cellular phone with a pay-as-you-go plan. A van or RV. A wig. Sunglasses. Makeup. Fake identification.

They put the list and the applications for the items onto a printed copy, and also gave her a copy on a flash drive. They advised her to commit the copy to memory and destroy the originals.

They also gave her a few scripts and pre-fabricated plausible back stories and excuses that might explain some of the peculiarities and situations a spermárevő might find herself in.

It was a lot to take in, and several times Susan had thought she was in over her head. But she kept coming back to the realization that this was real. This was her dream. She had been suffering, hurting, and wanting all her life. And that this could be the answer to all her prayers.

"So... We've explained most of what challenges you'll face when turned," said Danuta. "And now, we'll tell you some more about what happened when we last killed."

Susan was anxious, and had a growing sense of unease. She remembered what was said to her previously. In order to be turned, a life must be lost...

She was correct in her suspicions. Eniko spoke. "It was 46 years ago, now. There was a girl that we had met. Gotten to know, taken into confidence. Similar to how we have with you. This was in another country. It was the first time in over 100 years we'd made a decision to turn someone."

Zorana spoke next. "She was soft, shy. Demure, I suppose. She had been beaten as a child. We felt that she would benefit form our gift."

"I turned her," said Eniko.

"It was all our decision, though, Sister," Zorana responded. "It could have been any one of us. As it will be for you, Susan. We have all agreed to turn you."

"The girl we turned..." said Eniko, "She couldn't control herself. She killed. Repeatedly. We think she got a taste for it."

"In any case, the vampire hunters got her," Danuta said. "And this is why we must separate ourselves from you. We have the most sincere hope that you will be able to master yourself. To control your urge. To use your craft, guile, and wit. To survive.

"If you are able to do this you can seek us out. We will be overjoyed to welcome you into our coven, but your test is to survive and perform a ritual for us.

"There is a church in Estonia. Karja Church. Survive for longer than a year, and find that church. Light a torch in the highest window at night. And we will come to you, enact the ritual, and you will be part of our coven, a new sister."

"If you can't see that through," said Kinia, her characteristic grin absent, "Then you're on your own. To join us you must show your tenacity and resourcefulness. Otherwise you will just draw the vampire hunters to us."

"And they will come," added Zorana. "We have had to fight them from time to time. And we will have to again at some point. Technology has made things easier for us, but it has also made things easier for them. It is a dance."

There was a long silence. Susan wanted to speak, but no words found their way past her lips. Her path was clear, and bleak, and fraught with danger. She was terrified, but she knew that if she tried to carry on with her old life, knowing what she knew, having passed up this offer, she would never be able to live fully.

In the present, Susan was strutting through the bar. She felt like a celebrity, or an infamous criminal. She felt untouchable, separate from the herd. Like she was the girl every man wanted, and every girl hated. And she was loving every second.

She was still seeking that trucker guy, but losing interest rapidly. He was one penis. In a veritable churning ocean of penises. All at her disposal. Why should she obsess over one man that had slighted her? That was petty. And Human. She smirked, feeling free and powerful leaving that behind her.

The gel-hair stud caught her eye again. He was clearly interested. That would do. She wished to feed again. He would be her next host.

"Well, hi, there," he said with a grin as she approached. He was clearly preening with masculine pride at her apparent selection of him. Susan was positively glowing. She'd never felt a tenth this attractive.

"Hi there, yourself," she grinned at him.

"Thought about that drink?"

"I have," she replied. "And I want it." Her grin broadened. "From you." Her gaze traveled very obviously to his crotch then back up. "Now."

"...Uh..." was his eloquent response.

"Come with me," she ordered, strode off towards the entrance. As she passed the nook with the pool tables, she spied the trucker. Mmm, his broad shoulders, his thick arms, broad jaw... A flash of indignant, cold anger went through her. He had dared to refuse her? He dared not now.

A smile returning to her face, she took her stud's hand. She hadn't seen Tony lock the abandoned kitchen, so she made for it in a break in the crowd.

It was unlocked, so she led her stud inside with a smile. "So... so, what's this?" he asked.

"Abandoned kitchen," she remarked.

"Uh huh. Apparently... What's your play, Cutie?" he enquired with a smirk, trying to take back some sense of initiative.

"Now I suck your cock," she smiled, dropping to her knees before him.

"Uh..." he started again, clearly unprepared for this eventuality. "Uh, ok Beautiful... Will you tell me your name?"

"Does it matter?" she grinned up at him, licking her lips and undoing his jeans.

"I, uh... I guess not?"

He gasped as she dove forward and took his meat into her mouth. Immediately, she began applying a steady, gentle suction while simultaneously stimulating the underside of his penis with her tongue. Feeling the joy of her power over this stranger, and the anticipation of even greater strength, joy and satisfaction, the threw herself into the task of delivering this blowjob with gusto.

"Whoa!" he breathed. "Holy shit! Whooo!"

She chuckled as she took him in deeper. She was thoroughly enjoying this. It seemed that every guy that she blew found her to be the best he ever had. Was this cock number five for the night? She was looking forward to losing track. She dragged her lips sensuously along his shaft, sucking him back in, and dragging her way back out.

His breath came in staccato gasps. He shivered at her movements, clenching his entire body and trembling with ecstasy. "My god, girl! You are crazy! I fucking... Ah! I fucking love it!"

Maybe she was a bit crazy? she thought. Regardless, she wanted his load. She was eager to feel his penis twitch and erupt glorious, delicious wads of semen into her mouth.

She accelerated the pace of her sucking-and-dragging routine, increasing the intensity of the suction. Her stud began grunting, then calling out in lust. She flicked her tongue rapidly on the underside of his helmet, causing him to jump and cry out.

"Ahh!" he choked. "Aah! Aah! AAAHHHHHH!!!"

He began pumping out gooey blobs of sperm into Susan's mouth. She greedily swallowed it all down. Shot after shot of the thick, pearly, life-giving semen filled her mouth. Each swallow was, bliss, joy, and pure power. Her muscles fairly sang with unbridled energy.

She finished him, squeezing the last delicious drops out on to her tongue. Rising, she smiled luridly and silently at him. He gasped for breath, a wide, incredulous grin on his face.

"Holy shit!" he gasped again. "You have a boyfriend?"

"Several," she chuckled mysteriously.

"Come on, what's your name? What are you doing, like, right now? Can I buy you that drink?"

"Nope, just had one, thanks." She smiled and made for the door and exited the kitchen without a further word. She had spotted trucker-guy. She had a new mission. Petty or not, his dick would be hers.

Six days ago, Susan had made her decision. She was to become a spermárevő. That night. She had chosen Danuta to turn her.

"We thought you would say yes," Kinia said, in her musical way of speaking. "It solves one of our problems, should you have refused." Susan looked up curiously at her cryptic statement.

"Let us introduce you to Gary O'Donnell," said Zorana, in answer to Susan's unspoken question, as she led the five of them upstairs. "Joel and Ken will participate in the first two parts of the ritual. Gary will be our third."

Susan had a spreading sense of dread, suspecting what she was speaking of. This Gary was to die.

Fully ascending the staircase, Zorana gestured toward a large wooden cabinet. "Ken and Joel will have no knowledge of his participation, naturally."

Susan noted that much of the furniture upstairs was missing.

Zorana opened the cabinet to reveal a naked man, tied up tightly, gagged and blindfolded, suspended from the top of the cabinet by his bonds.

"Gary is a rapist," Danuta stated plainly. "He is a repeat offender, having beaten women of various ages often to the point of hospitalization." She smiled at the struggling form. "He was paroled recently. Because of several technicalities in his legal case, he has only been convicted of two counts of assault with intent to cause bodily harm. He was released early for good behaviour."

She paused, tracing his jawline with her finger as he shied away. "He will not be missed..."

Susan's heart was pounding. She was filled with fear, as well as sympathy mixed with loathing for this naked, bound man who was soon to be no more.

To feed her.

To give her life, eternal.

"Well, let's put him away for now, shall we?" smiled Danuta, closing the cabinet. "You may have observed that many of our effects have been removed from the dwelling here. We are moving. This will be Ken and Joel's last evening with us. They are free after tonight, with their memories of us to haunt them." She smiled again.

Eniko spoke next. "We were planning to move whether we turned you or not. It's our policy. We stay on the move."

Susan could find no words.

"We have other hosts lined up at another location," Danuta said. "After you are turned, you will wake up in this house. We advise you to wait until dusk before you leave. Certainly do not leave after midnight. Never underestimate the daylight. Always leave far more time than you need before dawn. And remember the contingencies we have taught you."

As Susan remained silent, Danuta continued. "Well, we are ready. There is no point delaying the ritual, hm? All we need is your acquiescence."

She paused. "Do you want to be turned, Susan? Do you wish to give up your mortal life? To become a vampire? A spermárevő?"

Susan paused, barely able to breathe. "...Yes," she finally replied. "Yes, I do."

Eniko called out downstairs, "Ken! Joel! We have need of you!"

The two came bounding up the stairs shortly. They both had expectant, eager expressions on their faces. Ken had a bulge in the crotch of his pants.

"As you know," Eniko addressed them, "Tonight we shall all be leaving." This pronouncement was met with sad, empathetic, longing smiles from the pair. "But before you are dismissed, we have a special treat for you."

Danuta began removing her dress. "You've both received a number of blowjobs from all of us," she said as she disrobed. "And believe me, we've enjoyed them at least as much as you have."

They grinned widely at her. She was removing her bra and panties now. "Kinia and Eniko have fucked you both a handful of times. But tonight, before you leave, I want you both to fuck me." Their grins broadened as they looked briefly at each other, then back at Danuta.

She reclined on the couch, spreading her legs and stroking her slit. "You first, Ken. Come here and fuck me."

"Yes, Ma'am!" was his enthusiastic response.

Quickly shedding his clothing, he revealed his thick cock, jerked it a few times to bring it to full erection, and laid down between her legs.

Danuta sighed and Ken gasped as he pressed the helmet of his rod against her vulva. She smiled up at him as he shivered. "Go on, push."

Kinia was sitting down on one of the high-backed chairs, watching intently. She placed one of her feet on the seat of the chair and hiked her dress up. Exposing her muff, she placed her right hand over her mound and began squeezing gently.

Ken entered Danuta as he quivered and gasped in short breaths. She moaned in pleasure, bringing a huge smile to his lips. Zorana and Eniko were both watching with detached interest as Kinia masturbated and Joel stared with a growing bulge in his pants.

Susan was scared. Her apprehension had reached a high point, and adrenaline was rushing through her system. Despite this, she began to get incredibly turned on watching Ken fuck Danuta.

He had increased his pace slightly now, rotating his hips as he thrust in and out. Danuta closed her eyes and purred in satisfaction, gently murmuring, "Yes, yes..." to encourage Ken's actions.

He thrust more insistently, grunting and grimacing as he drove into her. His large, thick, glistening member disapperared inside Danuta again and again. Her sighs and gasps turned into moans of pleasure. She looked him in the eyes with burning passion. "Come on, Ken," she breathed. "Fuck me. Harder."
