 After a short hiatus, the erotic horror story of Lindie, Randy, Charlotte, and Becca continues.

*

Lindie walked into the establishment gracefully, pausing for a moment at the bar to finish a drink Erin had started an hour before. She put the glass down, and strolled casually to the table where Ned finished the last of his orgasm deep inside Erin.

"She's perfectly fine, Lindie." Ned said assuredly, ceremoniously withdrawing his still-rigid member from Erin's cum-filled pussy.

"She'd better be." Lindie said as she knelt between Erin's legs.

Charlotte felt as if she had been walking for over an hour. She also felt like she must have taken a wrong turn. The bar was only two miles from the hotel. She should have been there by now, heels or no heels. The rain made it worse. And the cold. And the nausea. 

She tripped and fell. Her stomach churned, and she began to heave. She didn't get sick from drinking, whether it was alcohol, come, or anything else. She wasn't sure what was happening to her, but she was feeling something she hadn't felt before. Afraid.

She couldn't remember the last time she had vomited. What came out of her mouth was not at all what she expected. She looked hard at it, and heaved again. The unmistakable shape of a man's penis, still large despite being flaccid, complete with circumcised glans, lay in a puddle of come, energy drink, and vodka. She remembered sucking it, and even swallowing the owner's ejaculate, but she had no memory of biting it off and swallowing it whole.

Charlotte looked around and couldn't understand why there wasn't another soul in sight. Was the storm getting worse? Was everyone taking shelter? She pulled herself up, and couldn't tell where she was. She couldn't figure out how she could be so lost, or how the night could get any worse. The rain was coming down in sheets, and the wind made the drops bite into her skin.

And then, a police car shined it's light on her.

Charlotte could barely see in the rain and wind, but she could make out the dark shape that stepped out of the police cruiser. It was big, black, and foreboding. 

A large dark hand reached out and picked her up by her wrist. The shape paused for a moment, taking in her small size and turning its head as if reassessing something.

A deep-toned voice spoke loudly over the rain and thunder. "You lost, little lady?" the shape asked.

Charlotte just looked up, speechless, blinking quickly as rainwater continued to hit her face.

The shape pulled her up closer. Even with her high heels, she barely came up to his armpit. The shape opened his jacket to offer whatever protection he could against the storm. He led her to the passenger door of the cruiser and she quickly got inside. He walked back over to where he had found her, looking on the ground for something, and then calmly walked back to the cruiser, taking his place in the driver's seat. 

"Little lady, I don't know who you are or what you were doing out here all alone, but I think we'll go to the station right quick and get you cleaned up before we get you home, okay?" The dark man asked.

"My name is Charlotte, sir." Charlotte said, stuttering from the cold.

"Well, hello Miss Charlotte. I'm Officer Friendly." The dark man said as he held out his hand.

Erin awoke to the smell of coffee and a soft hand on her thigh.

"How are you feeling?" Sarah asked, taking a sip of her own coffee.

"Like I had a week's worth of honeymoon sex in just a few hours." Erin said as she sat up and looked at the unfamiliar room. "Where am I?"

"A bed and breakfast a few miles from the bar." Sarah said, putting her coffee down and sliding into the bed. "Did we prepare you well enough?"

"I don't think anyone can really be prepared for that. He was exactly as you said. I can't believe you had to go through that for three days. How long was I at the bar? Three hours?" Erin asked, sipping her coffee.

"Two." Sarah smiled and pulled off her t-shirt, exposing her large breasts. "I would have let him fuck me to death. I didn't want you to go into this without at least some preparation. I was lucky. I wanted you to be more than just lucky."

"If Lindi hadn't shown up when she did, do you think he would have hurt me?" Erin asked, sliding her panties off under the sheets.

"No, not intentionally, at least. He just likes to fuck, and he likes us to come. They all do." Sarah said, her hand sliding up Erin's leg to her thighs. "Remember, some of them feed off our orgasms, which seems like a perfectly symbiotic relationship, doesn't it?"

"Very." Erin said, spreading her legs and guiding Sarah's fingers to her wet, swollen slit. "Does Lindie know?"

"I think my sister knows everything, eventually. She just needs to find the right questions." Sarah said.

"I mean about us?" Erin continued.

"Lindie doesn't care," Sarah said softly. "She knows we're committed to her, to our husbands, and to each other. She knew we'd fall in love during your training long before I did. The emotional side of things... it's everything and nothing to her, now."

"And Ned? What happened after Lindie showed up?" Erin said as she lifted her bottom allowing Sarah to push her fingers a little deeper inside her.

"She licked his come from your pussy, healing it with her special kiss, then participated in a six-hour fuck fest with Ned in all his various forms." Sarah let a grin form on her face, leaned over and whispered, "I let him have me for a half hour, too, but the best part of it was tasting you on one of his beautiful, um, appendages."

Erin kissed Sarah briefly on the lips, then stifled a whimper in Sarah's neck while she came.

"They have that effect on us, don't they?" Sarah asked, not really expecting an answer.

"No wonder they went unchecked for hundreds of years. Unfortunate that a few bad ones had to go ahead and mess things up." Erin said, catching her breath. "Why did a few bad ones have to start messing things up again?"

"I don't know, Erin. But it's setting things off all over the world," Sarah said, positioning herself next to Erin and drinking the last of her old coffee. "On the bright side, at least it won't be a flood that wipes the slate clean this time. He promised, remember?"

"Where's Lindie, now?" Erin asked.

"Probably with Randy," Sarah answered as she guided Erin's hand to her own wet slit. "He walked in on us while she was deep-throating Ned for the umpteenth time."

"And Randy doesn't have a problem with that? No jealousy?" Erin asked as Sarah guided Erin's pinky into her asshole.

"Not at all," Sarah said with a gasp. "In fact, he joined in -- after fucking me, of course."

"And Kenny is still okay with you doing all of this?" Erin asked.

"As okay as your husband, and maybe more so, as we've been doing this a little longer even before Lindie changed," Sarah purred.

Charlotte awoke to the squeak of the mattress. She kept her eyes closed, not pretending to be asleep, but rather, unconscious. Her memory had failed her the night before. At least, she thought it was the night before. Could it have been two nights ago? Three? She didn't know. She remembered the plain-clothes cop finding her in the street in the middle of a crazy storm. She remembered feeling lost, feeling sick, and throwing up. Before that was a blur, but she was fairly certain she had sex with a handful of men. She may have hurt one of them. Maybe two.

She remembered the cop called himself Officer Friendly. She thought that was funny. She never had a thing for cops, but a warm, dry police car was better than standing out in the cold rain. She was pretty sure he called her parents once they went to the police station. He took her fingerprints for some reason, although she wasn't sure what she had done to make him want to do that. 

After that, he gave her some police sweats that were nowhere near her size. Her hips were too big, and legs too short, and she felt ridiculous in those pants even if they were warm, dry, and comfortable. She would have been comfortable just wearing the top... and she seemed to remember that she had just worn the top for at least a little while. 

She felt her legs being spread and three large fingers found their way into her hairless pussy.

"Shit, that's tight, Friendly. You sure she's nineteen? We can't video this shit if she's underage," a deep, scratchy voice said above her. 

"She's nineteen. I ran her shit and she checked out." Another voice answered.

"How many times you fuck her?" the scratchy voice asked.

"Not enough. I think she likes it in the ass, too. Just don't fuck her face." The other voice said.

"Why not?" the scratchy voice asked as he placed his cock between Charlotte's legs.

"She might bite your shit off." The other voice chuckled. Charlotte suddenly remembered coughing up part of one of the men that had fucked her that stormy night. Despite her best effort to ignore the large cock finding its way inside her, her pussy tightened around his thick shaft.

"Oh shit, she just clamped her shit down on my dick!" the scratchy voice said.

"Involuntary reaction... she's out, man. That's why you don't want to put your junk in her mouth... she might clamp down on ya' and it probably won't feel as good as her little pussy feels right now." The other voice said. Charlotte finally remembered that voice... Officer Friendly.

A large, wet tongue licked her face and then her legs were lifted in the air as the scratchy voiced man guided the tip of his cock to her anus.

"Hey, don't wear yourself out, T.J." Friendly said. "She should be dreamin' for another hour, so finish up and let B clean her up."

T.J. eased his full length inside Charlotte's ass, pulling her toward him as her ankles rested on his shoulders. "You think she'll be up for community service?"

"Oh fuck, yeah. This one's a little fuckin' slut, man. Don't let that little school girl look fool ya'. She's the real deal, man. The shit I got on her, she won't be sayin' nothin' to nobody." Friendly said as he closed the motel room door behind him.

"The real deal, huh? You hear that, baby? You gonna pull a few trains later today, tomorrow, and the next day. But for right now, my dick and your booty are gonna become real good friends." T.J. said as he hammered his tool harder into Charlotte's rectum.

"Finally," Charlotte thought to herself. "Someone who knows how to fuck an ass." She resisted the urge to smile, instead allowing her mouth to open slightly. Maybe, just maybe, he'll be braver than Friendly and put his shit-covered dick in her mouth. "A girl can always hope," she thought.

T.J. finished unceremoniously a few minutes later, pulling his length from her rectum and ejaculating on a hand towel. Charlotte silently grunted in disappointment. T.J. picked up the phone and Charlotte listened as he called what he referred to as "the cleaning lady," and then stepped out of the room and started a shower.

"Hotel room?" Charlotte thought. "Maybe a motel room?" She stole a glance when it sounded like T.J. was in the shower. The curtains were closed, but there was enough light peeking through that should could tell it was either early morning or late afternoon. The clock on the nightstand blinked 12:00. 

Within a few minutes, there was a knock on the door. T.J., still in the shower, hadn't heard the first few knocks, but when the knocks turned to pounding, T.J. stepped out of the shower and opened the door.

"Could you at least put a towel around you, T.J.?" a woman asked.

"Ain't nothin' you haven't seen before, B," T.J. replied.

"No, it ain't, but I ain't here to fuck a brotha," B said with some disappointment. She looked at Charlotte's small form on the bed. "What the fuck, T.J.?!?! You doin' some underage fuckin'?"

"Relax, B," T.J. said. "She looks like she's 15, but she's legal. Friendly checked her shit out. She's a fuck slut from the other side of town. Hangs out and lets guys feel her up every chance she can. Gets them all turned on and fucks 'em in public places. Freak. One of them nympho types."

"Well, then. I guess Friendly has found a new star. Willing and able, and shit." B said, as she spread Charlotte's legs. "You two been wearing that pussy out?"

"No, B." T.J. said with a smile. "We just been sitting here looking at it. Hell, yes, we been wearing it out. 'Cept the thing is, that shit is tight. It don't wear out. I had an easier time droppin' my dick in her ass."

"T.J.!" B said in mock shock. "Not very gentlemanly of you. Help me wake her up. Your friends with the camera and lights will be here in an hour and I'd like to get her cleaned up and dressed before they get here. If I don't, they're gonna want to have a turn with her, and I'll be here all day cleaning her shit up. I don't have time for that."

T.J. smiled and walked toward the bed, his semi-rigid tool swaying from side to side.

"And put some fuckin' clothes on," B demanded.

Lindie sat in the warm bath while Randy sat on the toilet, clothed, next to her. 

"So, now what?" Randy asked.

"Now what, indeed," Lindie answered coyly. "We need to find Charlotte. She's changing, and not in a good way. She's going to turn out like my brother. Maybe worse. I did a lot of bad things because I didn't know. I didn't start putting things together until it was too late. If someone had just told me, maybe a few people would still be alive."

"Like your husband?" Randy asked, an unpleasant expression forming.

"And others." Lindie answered. "The younger we are when we change, the stronger we are. She's the same age I was when I started to change. She's going to be as strong as me."

"If she's already going down that path, what are our options?" Randy asked, grimly.

"Our options?" Lindie asked rhetorically. "There are no 'our' options. You're too close to this. You're practically married to her sister. Becca is sweet, innocent, and not like us. You don't want to involve her in this any more than you already have. If you care about Becca, you'll have to end things with her, and then end things with us."

"You think I'm in danger?" Randy asked.

"I know you are." Lindie answered, stepping out of the bath, making no effort to dry herself. "Charlotte is going to kill you, Randy. She may not even know it, yet. If Becca is with you, she'll kill her, too."

"Her own sister?" Randy asked, confused. "How sure are you?"

Lindie's eyes glowed a soft blue as she straddled Randy's lap. She leaned in close and whispered in his ear, "I'm sure. And the only thing that can stop her, is me." 

"And by stop, you mean kill, right?" Randy said as he undid his pants.

"Yes, my pet werewolf. I mean kill. I'm going to rip out her throat and then rip out her organs." Lindie said as she raised her hips and guided his tool inside her. 

As Lindie pleasured herself on his manhood, Randy wondered if she meant to kill Charlotte before or after Charlotte killed him.

Charlotte could have won an acting award as B and T.J. helped her regain consciousness. She was pleasantly surprised that neither handled her roughly, but also knew it was to prevent bruises for the camera. They had apparently done this before. Perhaps dozens if not hundreds of times. Her pussy was hairless. She waxed the tiny patch of hair that did manage to grow, but that had seemed like days ago. She was somewhat surprised when B pulled out the shaving cream, and then put it back in her tool kit.

"Smooth as silk," B had said to T.J. "Small titties, though. That ought to turn on the perverts real good."

B explained to Charlotte that she was going to do some community service, and by that, she meant make a porno movie, or two. Or ten. Men, young and old, were going to spend the next few hours fucking her in every hole, and they might even try doubling-up on her holes. 

Charlotte didn't say anything, but only nodded when asked if she understood.

B covered up a few freckles with make-up, and then painted Charlotte's fingernails and toenails as if she worked in spa her whole life. Somehow, Charlotte knew her regular job was as a cashier in a sleazy adult book and video store, specializing in the hardest amateur porn and the widest collection of dildos in town. She knew they were going to blackmail her, threaten her, threaten to tell her parents, afterward, and it didn't bother her. In fact, the idea of being fucked by so many men in such a short amount of time was making her pussy wet. And, it made her mouth salivate.

Charlotte also knew that B was frustrated and decided to have a little fun with it.

"No girls?" Charlotte asked, the first words out of her mouth since waking up.

"What? You like girls, too? You are a little freak, aren't you?" B asked as she brushed Charlotte's hair.

"I like it all, but I really think I'd like the taste of your pussy. Especially if T.J. fills it with come, first." Charlotte said, licking her lips.

B felt her pussy moisten and swell. Charlotte could smell the sudden arousal, and images filled her mind of all the men B had ever been with. Less than a dozen. All but two were good men that were in love with her. The other two, her brother, and her father, were not.

"Save it for the crew, girl." B said as she opened another drawer in her kit, looking for more make-up. "They'll be filling you up soon enough. You got a doc, with as much fuckin' as you do?"

"I'm on the pill, if that's what you mean," Charlotte lied.

"Good. They too dumb to pull out half the time. End up ruining a lot of money shots." B said, putting the finishing touches on Charlotte's lips. "Now, put this on and try not to muss yourself up until they get here."

Charlotte looked down at the skimpy outfit, looked back at B, and smiled devilishly.