 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Beth Williams collapsed onto her bed after a long day. Moving boxes from the truck into the house was hard enough, but the unpacking and sorting added to the strain. Her petite body ached and all she wanted to do was close her eyes. She felt a chill cross her body and pulled the covers up tightly around her. 

Some movement caught her green eyes just as they were starting to close and her eyes opened widely. Beth scanned her unfamiliar surroundings and was unable to see anything out of the ordinary. All day long, her mind had been playing tricks on her with shadows that appeared to move at will. Her parents and brother were oblivious to anything coming across as odd, so she simply wrote it off as her nerves getting the best of her. The move was not something she wanted, but was in no position to stay behind.

Seeing nothing out of place in her bedroom, she closed her eyes to get some much needed sleep. A shadow crept from the corner and slowly took the form of a man with a large erection. The shadow moved slowly across her bed and Beth tried to pull the covers up to keep the chill away from her body. The head of the shadow reached her face and her eyes opened to the darkness. 

The covers were violently flung off of her body and she tried to scream out, but the shadow placed its lips over hers. No sound could escape her as she felt her clothes forcibly removed and there was nothing between her freezing flesh and the shadow. She tried to pull away, but was unable to do move a muscle. Her legs spread open and the shadow started to enter her through a part of her body very few had known. 

Her entire body felt like ice was running through her veins and she was terrified as the shadow had its way with her. There were very real signs of terror on her face as she stared into the darkness. Tears were flowing from her green eyes and she could feel every brutal movement of the attack. She continued to fight for freedom, but there was nothing she could do.

She woke up from her nightmare, which was quickly fading from her mind. In the darkness, she tried to find the covers to cover her body. Beth believed she must have kicked it off in her sleep. She knew she did not have a stitch of clothing on, but was too tired to worry about that. She found her covers at the foot of her bed and pulled them up tightly around her freezing body.

The next morning, Beth found the covers to be uncomfortably hot and threw it off of her body. It took her just a moment to realize there is not one stitch of clothing to cover her flesh and was unable to find any sense of urgency to change the situation. Her hands moved to her small tits and she smiled at pleasure she felt course through her body. Her fingers squeezed down on her nipples and she wanted to yell out in pleasure, but knew she was not alone in the house. She had never felt anything like this before and took pleasure in the sensations she was bringing to her body. 

Her fingers started to work down towards her very wet pussy, when she heard her mother call out, "Beth, are you up?"

Her fingers stopped at her red bush and her voice concealed the frustration, as she said, "Yeah, mom. I'm up."

Her mother called back in a sweet voice, "Breakfast's almost ready. Come on out."

She groaned as she pulled her hand away from her full bush and started to walk towards the door. She caught an image of her petite body in the mirror and was reminded that she could not leave the room in her current state. She looked down on the floor and found the shirt she had been wearing the previous night and pulled it on quickly. Then grabbed her robe and tied it tightly around her mostly naked body. If anyone happened to notice her lack of panties, then she could easily come up with some excuse. 

Beth opened her door and made her way to the table, where her brother and father were waiting. Neither of them gave any sense they noticed anything different about her and she didn't think there was anything off about her appearance. Her mother was still in the kitchen and Beth's eyes were seeing her father in some strange light. Her brother was attractive enough, but her father looked far more handsome than before. Something odd had come over her and she thought it was wonderful. 

Breakfast had its normal small talk and she was able to maintain her composure rather well, even if her eyes did drift to her father's face far too often. She ate and pretended it was very good, but knew she could not be satisfied by anything placed on the table. She wanted something far better than food at the moment, but dared not bring it up at the table. She would have to wait until she was alone with her father to get what she truly desired. 

Her eyes kept glancing to her father's face and she was trying to secretly burn the image to her mind. His short, red hair and hazel eyes was the look of perfection, which went very well with his muscular build. She had never seen him even close to nude and wondered what the rest of his body would look like with nothing to cover his flesh. Beth managed to keep from getting red in the face by turning her mind over to other things, but kept returning to her father's image.

Shortly after breakfast, her mother and brother were headed into town. This was her opportunity to have the desire that was starting to burn deep inside of her. Beth's father was lying on his bed and snoring loudly, which was just fine with her. It made things far easier for her to have him in a state of slumber. After all, it wasn't like she could simply tell him what was on her mind, so she would use his nap to her advantage.

The burning desire was far too overwhelming to stop and it drove her to open her parent's bedroom door. He was laying on his back and appeared to be wearing only a robe, which she hoped was the case. Carefully she stood on the side of the bed and started to untie the robe. His strong chest was revealed and she wanted to kiss every part of it, but there would be time for that later. 

Her eyes moved down his stomach to his boxer shorts and she knew she would be able to remove them without waking her father. All she had to do was be very cautious with her movements. His flaccid dick did not deter her one bit as she started to work the boxers down his muscular legs. His red pubic hair came into view and slowly started to reveal his massive manhood to her. She wanted to take the time to admire everything as it revealed itself, but worried he would wake before she was ready.

The head of his dick became visible right around the same time as his balls and she wanted to taste everything in front of her. She could not throw caution to the wind, since she was still in the process of removal. Once the boxers were free of his ass completely, she was able to remove them with far less difficulty. She slowly pulled them past his feet and carefully spread his legs. He mumbled something in his sleep and she was afraid he was waking from his nap, but the snores returned and she smiled at the thought of not being rushed. 

She carefully got into bed and worked her way between his legs. The temptation to lick and kiss everything around her was great, but she had to keep going. His balls were within reach of her tongue, but she refrained to act on her impulse. There was something far better right in front of her and her mouth opened to take him inside of her. 

She felt the head of her father's dick against her lips and a wonderful chill spread throughout her body. His snores continued, which meant she still had time to do what she needed. Slowly, she took the flaccid cock into her mouth and knew he must be very large when it was hard. Her mouth was full and she felt him starting to harden, which sent more chills throughout her body. 

She started to move her head up and down his hardening dick and he let out a moan in his sleep. Through the snoring, his hands moved to her hair and she felt the wonder of his touch. The size and girth of her father's manhood became impossible for her to take, which meant she would have to give up some part of him. 

Her lips were spread wide around his shaft and could taste the salty, slickness being released from within. Her hands reached down to caress his balls and his moans increased greatly. The feeling of his flesh on her fingers changed the chills to something far more pleasant. Her eyes moved towards his slumbering face and she wanted him to open his eyes and look at her. 

His grip tightened a little and he moaned out, "Oh, Lisa. That's it. Keep going. Your mouth feels so good."

His eyes were starting to open and her hands moved to his massive shaft, which felt like fire in her hands. His moans got louder and his hazel eyes were starting to come into focus. His eyes grew wide and his moaning stopped when he realized it was not his wife between his legs. He tried to pull back, but his head was pressed against the headboard and he had no means of escape. His hands tried to pull her back, but she was far too determined to be stopped

Jack's voice was filled with shock as he asked, "What the hell are you doing, Beth?"

Beth's response was to increase the amount she was taking and gagged hard as the head of his dick pressed against the back of her throat. She started to move her hands up and down his shaft and another moan was released from his lips. His hands continued to fight her, but she was willing to ignore his panic.

Jack let out another moan, then said, "Come on, Beth. You can't be doing this to me. It isn't right."

She pulled her mouth back and started to take him much faster. His moans were becoming far more frequent and his hands stopped trying to pull her away from him. Her hands worked his massive shaft even harder and she saw his eyes close tight and knew she was very close to having a hidden part of him. 

His hands pulled her head down hard and she felt his cum shoot down the back of her throat. She coughed, but did not pull away. She could taste his ecstatic release and loved the salty mixture in her mouth. It did not take long before there was no room in her mouth and felt his cum force its way out. His hands released her head and there was nothing left to give her. 

She released his softening dick from her lips and swallowed what he had given her. She felt it ooze down her throat and loved the sensation. Her tongue started to work on her fingers to ensure all of him was inside of her. Her father's eyes were open again and he was smiling in the aftermath of what she had done. She brought his flaccid dick into her mouth and slowly sucked off everything she could find. 

She slid out from between his legs and left before he could come to his senses. Once in the hall, she moved quickly to her room and removed everything she was wearing. Beth grabbed her dildo, which was not anywhere near the size of her father, and laid down on the bed with her legs pointed towards the open door. 

She spread her legs as wide as she could and started to slowly push her dildo deep inside of her very wet pussy. It was very cold, but that would change soon enough. She imagined he was starting to fuck her and reveled in the feeling of his remnant starting to crust on her face. She wanted to moan out, but that would reveal what she was doing to her father. She wanted him to walk in on her completely unprepared to see her like this. Beth heard her father's footsteps approaching and knew he would soon see far more of his daughter than any father should. 

Jack walked into the open door and his eyes were immediately drawn between her legs. Beth smiled at him and slowly moved the dildo in and out of her pink hole. She knew her father would never be able to get this image out of his mind. Even after sucking his dick, there was a chance he would not see her as anything other than his innocent daughter, but this ensured his image of her was very different.

Beth's voice was seductive as she asked, "Do you like what you see, dad?"

He pulled his eyes away and turned towards something other than his daughter's body, then said, "Damn it, Beth. At least cover up when you do that."

She gave a playful laugh as she said, "But I want you to see me like this, dad."

He shook his head and said, "This is wrong, Beth."

She said, "Go ahead, dad. I know you want to look at me. Its alright. I want you to."

His hazel eyes were drawn back and he was fixated on the dildo slowly moving in and out of her wet hole. She could see the fight he was putting up within himself, but it was not something he could win. A little drool slipped between his lips and down to his chin and his eyes filled with desire for her body. 

Beth threw caution to the wind and said, "Go ahead and taste my pussy, dad. You make me so wet."

She had pushed too hard and he managed to turn away from her body, then said, "We need to talk, Beth. Clearly you aren't going to stop, so I will wait for you in the living room."

She let out a soft moan and said, "We can talk right now, dad."

He shook his head and said, "No, Beth, we can't."

She said, "Fine. I'll come out when I'm finished pretending it's you inside of me, dad."

He said, "Beth, make sure you are wearing clothes when you come out."

She said, "That's no fun, dad. But I'll do it for you."

He walked out of the room with no sign of having any interest in turning back towards her. She knew there was a strong part of him that wanted to come back to her, but the part of his mind that was against taking action would prevent him from doing anything. She moaned loudly as she increased her pace and knew her father was able to hear everything. She yelled out in ecstacy as her body was filled with pure pleasure and her orgasm was far better than anything she had ever experienced in her life.

Once she had a chance to recover, she reached for the robe and was about to put it on. However, she knew her father would just send her back to change. She through on a tight shirt, which revealed her hard nipples. Then she put on a very short skirt, which did nothing to hide her lack of panties. If he wanted her to be dressed, this was as close as she was going to get.

She walked to the living room and her father looked up from the couch. His hazel eyes filled with desire as he started to look at her body in a way no father should. She smiled at him, so he would know it was alright to look at her the way she wanted him to.

He shook his head and his eyes moved to her face, then in a voice with a touch of anger, asked, "What the hell are you wearing, Beth?"

She licked her lip and could taste some of his hardened cum, then said, "Clothes, dad. You wanted me to wear them when I came out of my room."

He scowled and said, "That's not quite what I meant, Beth, and you know it."

She started to take her shirt off and revealed her small tits, then said, "I guess I'll take them off."

He angrily says, "No. You know what. Just forget it. Sit down so we can talk."

She sat across from him with her legs spread wide, then asks, "What do you want to talk about, dad?" 

His eyes moved between her legs for a moment, then he managed to pull them to her face and said, "You have to know what you did was wrong and it can never happen again. I'm you father and it isn't right. I don't know what's come over you, Beth."

She licks her lips again to bring more of his crust into her mouth, then says, "I don't care if its right, dad. I don't have any regrets over what I did."

He shakes his head in frustration and says, "I don't care if you regret anything, but this has to stop. Now go get changed and wash your face."

She looked at him directly into his hazel eyes and said, "It's not going to stop, dad. You might as well stop fighting. Just look down between my legs. I want you to see my wet pussy, dad."

He shook his head and said, "Stop it, Beth."

She grinned widely and said, "No, dad. I want to feel your tongue against my pussy. I know you want to taste me. Why fight it?"

His eyes started to move down her body in a complete betrayal of his will, but the sound of a car pulling up the driveway brought him back to his senses, and said, "They're back. Now go get changed and wash your face off."

She looked out the window angrily and saw the familiar car coming to a stop. Her chance was ruined by their horrible timing and there was nothing she could do about it. She left for her room to quickly grab a change of clothes, then rushed with them into the bathroom to wash the remnant of him off of her face. 

Throughout the rest of the day, her father avoided her at all costs. She could not feel his eyes on her at all, even when she went out of her way to bend over in front of him. Her mother and brother remained oblivious to what she did to her father, which was just fine with her. She liked having this secret and she planned to add far more secrets before long.

That night she stripped her clothes from off of her body and laid down to get some much needed sleep. The unpacking had continued and they were close to having everything in its place. She felt the chill and pulled her covers back tightly and her eyes saw the shadow start to take form. Terror filled her body as the memory of the violation came back and she knew it was about to happen again. 

The shadow moved quickly and she had no voice to call out for help. The covers flew away violently and she felt herself pinned again. This time the entry was far rougher and much more animalistic as she tried to scream, but could only lay helpless as she felt the shadow ravage her body. Out of exhaustion, she stopped fighting and closed her eyes in an attempt to wait out the ferociousness of the attack. 

She awoke in the night and her body was ablaze with desire. Her fingers worked her nipples and she let out pleasant sighs as the sensation filled her completely. She released her nipples and slid her fingers down past her red bush and started to rub her clit violently, but it was no use. She could not find any satisfaction in this room. 

She left her room and walked quietly down the hall in the nude and did not care if someone walked out on her. She reached her parent's room and heard moaning coming from behind the closed door. Her finger reached between her legs and pressed easily into her slick hole, then followed along at her father's pace. It was not easy to keep from moaning, but it was necessary to prevent her from getting caught. 

They finished and she heard her mother say, "That was great, Jack. I don't know what's gotten into you, but I like it."

Beth smiled brightly, since she knew exactly what had gotten into him and pulled her finger inside of her a little deeper. She slowly withdrew it and started to work her clit slowly and fought off the urge to moan. She didn't care if her father knew she was listening, but she didn't want anyone else to find out. 

Her father said, "I'm glad you enjoyed it, Lisa. I'll be right back."

Her mother asked, "Where are you going, Jack?"

He said, "I have to go to the bathroom. Be right back, Lisa."

Beth knew there was only one bathroom on the floor and she planned on taking advantage of the situation. She walked quietly away from their door and headed for the bathroom. She closed the bathroom door behind her, just as he was opening his door. She looked for a place to conceal herself and settled for standing to the side of the door.

He stepped in and locked the door behind him, then she whispered, "Hi, dad."

He was in shock as he turned quickly and she used it as an opportunity to open his robe and was pleased to find his nude body beneath the fabric. As her green eyes moved to his slick dick, she gently pushed him back to give enough space for what she desired. She quietly got down on her knees and could smell her mother on him. Her eyes moved up to look at his face and he is staring at her with great yearning.
