 Beth woke early and was glad there was nothing to cover her body, since there was a raging inferno within her. She looked around for her dildo and found it was just out of reach. Rather than take time to get it, she reached between her legs and started to work her finger inside of her wet hole. One finger was not enough, so she pressed a second one inside of her. The lack of release was frustrating and she needed something far larger inside of her. 

She reached for the dildo as her mother called out from behind her door, "Are you up, Beth?"

She looked at the clock and called back, "Yeah, mom. A little early for breakfast, isn't it?"

Her mother said, "You're right, Beth. Something came up and I have to run into town for the day. You're going to have to make your own breakfast this morning. Is that alright?"

Beth grinned at the opportunity and called back, "Yeah, mom. That's fine. Anyone else up yet?"

Her mother said, "Just your father. You know how hard your brother is to wake up in the morning."

She was tempted to say something about his hardness, but simply said, "Yeah, mom. I know."

Beth waited until she heard the car pull away from the house, then left her room wearing only a robe to cover her flesh. She looked for her father and found him in the kitchen, just getting ready to pour a cup of coffee. She untied her robe and pressed her body to his back, then her hands started to caress his hardening dick.

She did not want to risk anything waking her brother, so she whispered, "My bed or yours, dad."

He let out a soft moan and allowed himself to enjoy her touch, then whispered, "Can't do anything right now, Beth."

Her hands moved inside of his boxers and started to caress his massive dick, then whispered, "Why not, dad?"

He let out another moan and whispered, "Because your brother is in the house."

She moved her hands down to his balls and whispered, "I know, dad, but he's asleep."

Unable to resist any longer, he pulled her hands up and whispered, "My bed, Beth."

She watched as he turned towards her and their lips met for the first time. Her knees grew weak as his tongue easily gained access to her mouth. His hands caressed her small tits and hers worked their way down between his boxers and his hard cock. Beth moaned into his mouth as she felt the heat building inside of her. 

She broke the embrace out of necessity and started to lead her father up the stairs. They moved as quietly as possible as they passed her brother's room. The sounds that escaped through the door were the loud snores of his deep slumber. She allowed him to enter first and dropped her robe to his bedroom floor. His boxers soon followed and he waited eagerly for her before getting into bed. She left the door open and ignored his questioning look as his eyes moved from her body to the opening behind her.

He whispered into her ear, "Why did you leave the door open, Beth?"

She grinned and whispered back, "Makes it more exciting, dad."

He shrugged and asked, "Do you want me to lay down on my back while we sixty-nine?"

She shook her head and said, "I don't want to sixty-nine right now. I want to lay on my back and have you take me."

He shook his head and said, "We can't do that, Beth."

She looked into his hazel eyes and asked, "Why not, dad?"

He said, "I don't have any condoms. Can't risk you getting pregnant."

She said, "I don't care about that. I have to have you inside of me."

Before he had the chance to argue, she got onto her parent's bed and laid on her back. Her legs parted for him and his hazel eyes were drawn between her legs. He started to crawl between them and she waited in agony for him to get close enough to enter her starving hole. He paused with his eyes very close to her dripping pussy and she knew what he was planning.

She said, "There's plenty of time for that later, dad. Right now, I need you inside of me."

He hesitated for a moment, then pressed further up her body. Their lips pressed hard together and she moaned into his mouth as he started to enter. Out of fear he would not force himself inside of her, she grabbed his ass and pulled him hard towards her. Her hole stretched easily to accommodate his manhood and she loved just how full he was making her feel. 

Once he was fully inside of her, he started to slowly move in and out of her slick hole. His tongue forced itself into her mouth and her moans were muffled as a result. Growing weary of having her moans denied her, she pulled away from his lips and forced her tits against his muscular chest. Both started to moan together and neither no longer cared if her brother was awoken by the clear sounds of two people having sex. She did not care if he walked in on them, since she was far too busy enjoying her father to think of anything else. 

She closed her eyes as they both reached the edge and lost each other in their shared release. He started to grunt in pleasure and she started to scream out in pure ecstacy. The feeling of her father releasing himself inside of her added to her orgasm and she screamed loudly again. Her eyes opened a little and she saw her brother watching the two of them with great interest. He realized he had been caught and rushed back to his room. Knowing her brother had been watching them, increased her pleasure greatly. 

The intense moment passed and he collapsed on top of her, as he said, "That was incredible, Beth. Surprised Leo didn't wake up."

She did not want to mention anything about seeing him just yet, so instead said, "You felt amazing inside of me, dad. I've never felt anything like it before."

He breathed out hard, then said, "I'm very happy you enjoyed it, Beth. As much as I want to lay here with you all day, we have to get dressed. Your brother's going to be up soon and can't have him catch us like this."

She said, "You're right, dad. But first, I'm going to lay down on my bed and take a nap. I'm beat."

His lips found hers and he pulled away before getting too carried away by the moment, then said, "Good idea. Think I'll take one myself."

She slowly got out of bed and reached down for her robe. She was tempted to walk out of the room naked, but thought better of it. She threw it around her body and tied it loosely in the front. She crept past Leo's room and heard the clear sounds of masturbation, which caused her to grin a little. There was something oddly satisfying in the knowledge her brother was fantasizing about having her that way. 

She entered her room and dropped her robe, then slowly made her way to her bed. She was aware of the shadow as her back found her mattress and spread her legs willingly. It pounced quickly and the icy sensation soon passed to something far more pleasant. She was unable to make a sound, but did not mind the loss of control this time.

She became aware of another shadow moving towards her and felt it move from beneath her. While the first shadow brutally savaged her pussy, the other forced itself into a hole that had never been entered. Despite the knowledge that no sound could escape her, she tried to scream out in pain. Her asshole was on fire and she felt like she had been torn in two, but the pain passed quickly. The feeling of both holes being brutally violated sent pleasure throughout her body. 

She woke from her nap and could still feel her father inside of her. She wanted to take his dick in her mouth and taste his cum, but that would be impossible this soon after his release. She recalled the sounds of Leo's masturbation and knew he possessed a cock that she could use. She had no doubt he had just cum, but he was twenty years old and capable of getting hard again far quicker than her father. 

She opened her door and stepped out of her bedroom with nothing to cover her body. She could hear her father snoring from his bedroom and listened intently at her brother's door. She could hear soft moans escaping and knew this had to be his second time jerking off, since there was no way he could not have finished before she had laid down for her nap. Beth opened his door and found him staring intently at his monitor and his headphones prevented any noise from being heard, other than the soft moans that escaped between his lips. From this angle she could not tell what he was watching, but judging by his lack of clothing there was no doubt it was porn of some kind. The large bottle of lube sitting next to his monitor also made things very clear.

She moved cautiously behind him and her eyes saw what he was watching, which made her stop so she could enjoy watching the scene. The woman's pussy getting pounded by a large dick was hot, but nothing compared to the title, which was clearly visible on whatever site he was on. The title which caught her eye was 'Brother Fucks Sister & Gives Her A Creampie'. She grinned widely with the knowledge that Leo was fantasizing about doing just that to her.

She carefully moved her hands to the headphones and pulled them away from Leo's ears, then said, "I guess this means you want to fuck me."

Her actions and words caused him to jump in shock at the sudden intrusion. He looked over his shoulder and she could see the panic in his hazel eyes. Leo stared to recover and was trying to find some way to disavow her words, but there was nothing he could say to deny what she had said. The panic started to fade and anger was starting to replace it.

He asked, "What the hell are you doing in here, Beth?"

She smiled and said, "Turn towards me and I'll tell you."

Leo shook his head in anger and said, "No. Get out of my room."

She asked, "Is it because you don't want me to see your dick, Leo? Well, guess what? You aren't the only naked person in here."

Leo started to turn towards her and she found his athletic chest to be almost as enjoyable as her father's muscular one. His hazel eyes found her small tits quickly and his hands moved away from his hard dick. From this angle, she could not determine the size of her brother's manhood, but she would find out soon enough. His slick hands started to caress her tits and she let out appreciative sighs in response to his touch. 

His fingers moved to concentrate on her nipples and she said, "I guess this means you liked seeing me get fucked by dad."

Leo said, "That was so fucking hot, Beth. I just wish it had been me."

Beth smiled down at him and said, "It will be, Leo."

His eyes pulled away from her tits and stared into hers, then said, "You mean..."

She cut him off by saying, "Yes, Leo, I mean I am going to let you fuck me. Just not right now. What I'm going to do right now is get on my knees and suck your dick."

He was trying to determine if this was some kind of sick joke, but did not have time to ponder much of anything. She was on her knees quickly and her hard nipples were no longer between his fingers. He looked down into her green eyes and saw pure desire in them. Beth took a good look at her brother's dick and found it was not quite as large as her father's, but still larger than average in every way. 

Her lips parted and she started to slowly take his dick into her mouth. There was a lot of tasteless lube and it would help her greatly. She took him to her gagging point, which was the furthest she had gotten with her father, and forced him down her throat. She felt her throat stretch and was on the verge of needing air. She pulled back just enough to take several deep breaths, then forced herself to take all of it. His moans were music to her ears and started to slowly release his shaft. 

She saw a different shadow appear and knew the icy touch would soon cross her body. She saw Leo's hands guided unknowingly to her head and she allowed the shadow to take control. Leo's hands dug in and started to force her head up and down at an incredibly fast pace. His moans increased as her throat was forced to expand several times. 

She knew he was very close and forced her head back against the pressure, just as he screamed out. She felt his cum shoot against the back of her throat, but did not cough this time. She swallowed everything he was giving her, since she wanted none to be lost between her lips. The sensation of his cum moving down her throat sent shivers across her body and was glad this was not ending quickly. 

Once he had taken his last shot, Beth took his cock in its entirety down her throat. She slowly released his shaft from between her lips and smiled up at her brother. She repeated the process until he was no longer hard at all and let the head out of her mouth for the first time since his initial entry between her lips. His head fell back from exhaustion and she slowly stood before him. His eyes were looking into hers and he had a pleasant smile on his face to show pure contentment. 

Beth reached over to pick up the bottle of lube and his mouth was in reach of her tits. She studied the bottle and his tongue began to send pleasure through her body. He was concentrating on her nipples, with his tongue and fingers, and she let out soft sighs. It was just ordinary lube, which is not what she was hoping to find. 

She straightened up and he did not have the strength to follow her, then asked, "Do you have any other lube?"

He nodded and pointed to the top drawer of his dresser and she turned away from him. She felt his eyes on her ass and it made her feel very warm throughout her body. She could feel both of them inside of her, but she was far from finished. Before her mother returned, she was going to have them both again. She opened the drawer and saw there was only one bottle of lube, which was unopened. With his eyes burning into her ass, she pulled the bottle out and quickly discovered it was for anal. 

She held up the bottle and said, "This is going to be fun."

Her father said, "I agree completely, Beth."

They both turned and saw him standing just inside Leo's bedroom. She had no doubt he had seen just about everything and there was no sense of embarrassment to anyone in the room. She could see the forms of female shadows working on their dicks in an attempt to get them hard again, but were oblivious to their presence. She wondered if she was the only one that felt the iciness of the shadows, since neither of them showed any sign of discomfort. 

She grinned and said, "Good, dad, your up. Well, not really, but I think you will be soon."

He smiled lustily at her body and said, "I think your right, Beth."

She said, "When both of you are ready, we're going to have a threesome."

Leo gets a slightly shocked look on his face and asks, "You want to have a threesome with me and dad?"

Beth smiled broadly and said, "Yeah, Leo, that's exactly what I mean. Just no dicks in my mouth."

Leo was a little slow on the uptake, so he said, "No dicks in your mouth. How the hell is that supposed to work?"

Her father said, "She has two other holes, besides her mouth. One asshole and one pussy. We have two dicks. Do the math, Leo."

His eyes grew wide with understanding, then asked, "Can I be in your ass, Beth?"

She laughed and said, "How about this, Leo. Whichever one of you gets hard first, gets to have my ass."

Her father said, "Fair enough."

Leo shook his head and said, "But you've had more time to recover than me. I just came and you did it, what, and hour ago?"

Her father said, "There's a big difference between being twenty and being forty-five. An hour may be a long time to you, but not to me. Understand?"

Leo nodded in defeat and said, "I understand, dad."

Beth said, "It doesn't matter anyway. My body, my rules. And don't worry, Leo. While dad is in bed with mom tonight, you can be in bed with me. You are going to be inside my asshole plenty of times, Leo, so don't worry about it."

Beth started to fumble with the unopened bottle of anal lube and finally freed the top from the hard plastic. She opened it and placed it up to her nose, but could find no scent. She poured a little on her fingers and rubbed them together, which resulted in a very smooth sensation on her flesh. She was very tempted to put her fingers into her mouth, but didn't want to interfere with the sensations that were still on her tongue. 

Beth said, "I think we should go into dad's bedroom. His bed is bigger."

Without waiting for an answer, she slowly walked out of Leo's room and down the hall. She could sense their eyes on her ass and the shadows continuing to do their work to get them hard for her. She had the anal lube grasped firmly in her hands and entered her parent's bedroom to begin the fun.

She turned around and said, "Both you to sit on the edge of the bed so you can watch me show you everything. I'll keep going until you are both hard. The winner is going to lie on his back and I'll lube up his dick. Then I'm going to sit on you in a reverse cowgirl and impale my asshole on your dick. Once I have you balls deep, the other will enter my pussy."

Leo grinned and said, "Works for me, Beth."

Her father also grinned as he said, "Same here, Beth. I am definitely looking forward to the show." 

They both sat on the edge of her parent's bed and she started to reveal herself to them. She spent a great deal of time showing off her stretched asshole to encourage them to get hard as fast as possible. Beth also made sure they could see inside of her pink hole by spreading it as wide as she could. The shadows were working very hard to help in the process and she saw both of their dicks start to twitch. It took almost a half hour for them both to be rock hard and she smiled at the winner.

She said, "Lay down on your back, dad, so you can get your prize."

Her father gave a victorious grin and laid down on his back. Leo moved out of the way to let Beth get him ready, while he stared at her body. Her hand poured a generous amount of lube onto the palm of her empty hand, then closed the bottle and put it to the side. She rubbed her hands together and started to work all of his manhood to ensure there was nothing left uncovered.

Once satisfied with the coverage, she got on top of him and straddled his body. She slowly lowered herself until she could feel the tip press against the right spot, then forced her asshole to accept what he had to give her. The initial entry was uncomfortable, but nothing compared to the ravaging of the shadow. She had expected to need time to take him all, but was pleasantly surprised to find his stomach pressing against her flesh. Her father moaned in appreciation for the sensation she was giving him.

The fulness of her asshole felt amazing and would have been content to sit like that for quite some time. However, she was not about to let her brother stay out in the cold. She leaned back a little and spread her legs further to allow him entry into her waiting hole. He clumsily got on top of her and managed to get his dick inside, then forced himself deep. The feeling throughout her body was one of pure pleasure. 

Leo started to move in and out of her wet hole and soon found a good rhythm. Her father waited patiently, but was rewarded with her matching Leo's movements. All three of them started to moan quite loudly as animalistic pleasure filled them completely. Leo started to get rough with his movements and she matched him every step of the way. Her asshole felt the pleasure of fire, which was nothing compared to the fire burning inside of her pussy. 

Part of her did not want this to end, but she also wanted to feel their release inside of her. Both of the man started to grunt as she felt them start to release themselves. She forced her asshole to take all of her father's dick and her brother hammered deep into her pussy. She felt a wave of pleasure course through her body as she joined them in the ecstatic release. She could feel her asshole tighten and loosen quickly around her father's shaft, which added to the pleasure. Wave after wave crashed over all of them and they all wanted the sensation to continue without end. 
