 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

Final Chapter

Beth was lying on her back with her legs pulled back and she felt the head of head of her brother's well lubed dick press against her tight asshole. She stared longingly into his hazel eyes and felt the discomfort of his rough entry inside. She let out a slight hiss, but the discomfort passed quickly and she felt the fire inside of her. 

She could feel her asshole stretch to accommodate Leo's large manhood and he easily got all of his seven inches inside of her. He let out a moan of pleasure as he felt the tightness press hard against him. Beth let out sighs of her own pleasure as he started to move his dick back and forth at a slow and pleasant pace. She saw the shadows start to transform and she knew he was about to change to something far more rough. 

Her body was pinned and her knees forced further back, which left her wanting to shiver at the contact. His rhythm started to increase and his moans became something far more guttural. A shadow above her transformed into a female form with massive tits and lowered itself directly over her face. This time, her voice was silenced by a completely different type of lips pressing hard against her.

Her brother started to hammer away at her asshole and the iciness started to change to a pleasant warmth throughout he body. Beth's mouth was forced open and her tongue felt the edges of the lips. There was no scent or taste to go along with the feeling on her tongue, but she knew that would soon be rectified by a visit to her mother. Her tongue moved to the clit and she enjoyed the way the hardness felt.

Leo howled out as he reached his point of no return and Beth felt his release. He was as far inside of her as he could get and she could feel every twitch he gave her. Her asshole started to spasm around his large shaft and she tried to scream out, but there was only silence from her lips. Between each wave, her brother pulled back and then forced himself deep inside of her. Over and over again, he hammered her asshole with tremendous force, which caused her own pleasure to be increased greatly. She felt the pressure of her nipples being squeezed tightly, along with her clit and knew neither was from her brother's fingers.

Their orgasm started to pass and the shadows moved back, knowing they had done their job. She breathed deeply and felt him slowly remove himself from her dark hole. He collapsed on her bed and she wanted to lie there with him, but was far too driven not to move. She sat upright and saw the shadows enter her brother, all but the female form, and he showed the sign of feeling the iciness on his flesh for the first time. 

Just as she was getting out of bed, Leo asked, "Where are you going, Beth?"

She said, "To eat mom's pussy. Get some sleep. Looks like you need it."

There was no hint of shock on his face at hearing her words, as he said, "Have fun. I'm staying right here. I'm beat."

She stood and felt a small amount of his cum drip out of her asshole and down to her thighs, which caused her to smile at the wonderful sensation. Even though she was leaving him behind, she could feel an important part of her brother buried deep inside of her asshole. She entered the hall and headed towards her parent's bedroom. The door was open and she could hear the pleasant sound of moaning from both of them. Shadows were working their way into the room, as if the sound of pleasure was drawing them from every corner of the house.

With no caution whatsoever, she entered their bedroom and saw her mother riding her father. She was sitting on him in a reverse cowgirl position, which meant her mother spotted her entrance immediately. Her mother's green eyes looked lustfully at her body and she was completely unaware of the shadows all around them. 

Beth's eyes moved down from her mother's green eyes and to her bouncing tits. They were considerably larger than Beth's and knew she was going to have fun exploring them later. Her eyes moved down to her stomach and there was clear indication of being slightly overweight, which didn't bother her one bit. Continuing down, she saw a tightly trimmed bush, which resembled a beautiful red carpet, and wondered if she should do something about her full bush. 

The shadows forced her father's legs to part and her eyes moved a little further down. Her father's massive shaft was playing peekaboo with her, since her mother was determined to keep him as deep as possible. She moved between their legs and her tongue reached for her mother's hard clit. The scent of sex was overwhelming and she pressed her tongue against the hard clit before her. The sensation was amazing and Beth felt chills throughout her body. The taste was wonderful and she started to lick with great care. 

Her tongue moved down and her mother lifted herself up a little higher. She tasted her mother on his shaft and was thrilled by what her tastebuds had discovered. Her mother removed him entirely and her mouth took his dick immediately. This was far better than licking the remnant from his shaft and she started to move her head quickly up and down far past the gagging point. She removed his head from between her lips and her mother quickly forced herself down in her place. Throughout the ordeal, she was in perfect movement with her mother and loved everything that was happening. 

Her father yelled out and her mother forced her pussy down hard. She watched as he released one wave after another inside of her mother's pussy and wished he would finish quickly. Beth knew what was coming and knew her mother was going to move perfectly for her. Her father gave the last of himself to her mother and Beth turned onto her back in preparation for what would soon follow.

Her mother's pussy soon moved over her eyes and she felt some cum drip onto her forehead. The pink hole pressed down perfectly over her mouth and her tongue found entry with ease. She could taste both of them on her tongue and soon felt her father's release in her mouth. Her tongue pulled back to enjoy the sensation and she easily swallowed what her mother had given her. Her tongue returned to the gaping hole to wait for more and she was soon rewarded with another mouthful. 

She swallowed the last mouthful her mother gave her, then moved her tongue to her mother's clit. Her mother's hands reached out and grabbed her hair and pulled tight, which sent a little pain through her body. Her tongue worked on the hard clit pressed into her mouth and she wanted her mother to reach her state of ecstatic release quickly. There was still some of her father buried deep inside of her and she wanted all of him. 

Her mother screamed as she was pushed over the edge and Beth moved her mouth to take everything. Her mother's release was quite different from her father's and she found her mouth very full far too quickly. She swallowed and only felt a little bit of her mother escape her lips, but was soon full again. Her mother pushed down hard on Beth's mouth and made it impossible for her to swallow anything. Beth was not happy about the loss she could feel oozing out of her open mouth, but there was nothing she could do to stop it. 

Once the final wave passed, her mother released her head and Beth was able to swallow a large mouthful of her mother. Her mother moved away to release her and she sat up in time to see the shadows enter her parents. Her mother laid down next to her father and Beth crawled her way up the bed. She pressed her lips to her mother's and the battle of wills had started. Both women were fighting for domination with their tongues and her mother was winning.

She did not have the slightest idea why no spirit had entered her, but there purpose was very clear. They had removed any inhibitions from her family and knew the fun was just starting for all of them. The possession was complete and the shadows would have full advantage over their bodies. 

Outside of the house, the shadows were forced to hide in the darkest corners of their minds. They were all free from their influence and able to control the dark impulses. Once inside of their house, the shadows were free to act and clothes quickly removed. They had no control over her, but the repeated violation had changed her into something far darker. The violations continued, but it was through her family that it happened, and she loved every moment. 

Beth found out she was pregnant a short time later and her family was thrilled. It did not matter that she could not say for certain who the father was, since her brother and father had both finished inside of her pussy many times. They celebrated in their own unique way, by trying out something her father had designed for his family.

The device looked like something out of a gym, with odd angles and a place for both of the women to sit comfortably. She laid on her back and slid towards her brother's dick and he easily entered her asshole. Her father was able to enter her pussy with comfort and both were free to control their own rhythm. Her mother sat down and her pussy was soon resting on Beth's face. 

The men started to hammer both of her holes and her moans were muffled by the pussy covering her mouth. She loved the feeling of both holes being very full at the same time and her mother's clit tasted wonderful. The sounds her family was making was more animalistic than human and she did not care. All that mattered was the orgasms that would soon follow. 

The first wave hit them all at the same time and it was a symphony to her ears. She could feel every twitch they made inside of her and felt each shot of their release. Her mother quickly filled her mouth and she swallowed with pleasure. It was never quite as good as the men, but still quite enjoyable.

The waves passed and soon found her holes to be far too vacant. She felt their release dripping out of her and hated losing that much, but there was nothing to be done to stop what was happening. She was unable to bring her legs together and would have to talk to her father about the problem. Her father collapsed on top of her and she would have to wait until he recovered enough to move.

Beth want on to have several children fathered by both of the men in her life. They found ways to conceal their incestuous actions from all of he children, which was not easy. The shadows remained safely locked away inside of her brother and parents, which meant she had little to fear of any being afflicted. 

The End