 It was late at night when she pulled up to her house from the airport, but there was a light on in the kitchen. She opened the door and looked in. 

"Welcome back Mom! How was your latest trip?"

Pamela smiled at her daughter, Vanessa, as she came inside, she was growing up so fast, and she had made sure to raise her as best she could, as an heir to her very unique talents.

She recalled how soon after her powers had first awakened, she felt, no, was compelled to birth someone to carry on for her, someone she could raise and teach. As her body became aware of its new powers, one thing she realized was she could choose the sex of any offspring she birthed. All she needed was a sperm donor.

She needed a man, a healthy one, strong, fit, smart, some with excellent genes that would make a good candidate. She spent days watching both large executive offices, and downtown gyms, watching both the fit and the smart. At last she found someone, a rich powerful business executive she had followed who was obsessed with working out. His body was powerful, without a bit of fat on it. He would be perfect. 

Still young and not yet at the strength she would later achieve, the young Smother Spider knew she would have to relay on seduction. She followed him one evening to a bar and slipped inside. In the ladies bathroom, she changed into a thin revealing dress. As soon as she walked out, several men watched her, but she followed the gaze of just one of them. 

"Well hello there, I haven't seen you here before" The businessman said.

"It's my first time out, I feel a little giddy!'" she said, laughing coyly, already disarming the muscled executive.

"Well you are a lovely young women, what is your name?"

"Pamela" she said, saying the name with a low seductive voice.

"I'm Kevin, why don't I get you a drink Pamela" 

Soon, several drinks had passed, the young Smother Queen 'acting' quite a bit intoxicated, she wasn't sure why, but alcohol simply didn't have much of an effect on her anymore. Kevin watched her, having a few drinks himself. The powerful businessmen enjoyed younger women, he felt even more powerful having them come to him and all he cared about was deflowering another shy young girl.

"You look a little tired Pamela, why don't you come back to my apartment" he said, pulling her lose. Pamela looked up, knowing his plans, but acting the part.

"Hic, w-why of course, oh, I am just so tired now..."

All two soon there where back at his apartment, toward the top of a luxury high-rise. Pamela had 'fallen asleep' on the bed, waiting for the moment to strike. Kevin was preparing himself. He got out rope, a ball-gag and some cuffs, approaching the girl, his cock already hard as all he could think about was claiming another prize. 

That was when he heard a sudden 'click' and pulled at his arms. 

"Oh you silly silly Male, you should be more careful with your toys, I am very quick you know" she said, moving and pushing him down, his hands handcuffed over his head. Kevin was speechless, and quickly tried to bargain with her. 

"Funs over, you should let me go!"

"Oh, I'm sure you were going to let me go, eventually, weren't you" she said, tying his legs down now and quickly removing his clothing. "I used to feel sorry for my meals, but I see males are all the same, they don't deserve pity!" she said as she moved aside her skirt. Her cunt was drooling now and she scooped up a handful of the slime, smearing it over his face.

Kevin tried to fight it, trying to spit it out the intoxicating vaginal slime, but there was too far much pussy juice and it oozed down and into his mouth. The strange chemicals soon were absorbed into his system as he reluctantly swallowed the juices. In moments he began to relax, his large uncut cock throbbing more as the young Queen grinned.

"You should be honored! You are going to be the first male who will actually get to fuck me!" She said as she lowered herself over his cock... Her hairy pussy throbbed and began to enlarge as it sensed it was time to feed. Her vulva and outer lips doubled in size, then doubled again as she lowers herself. In a single swift motion, her cunt descended swallowing his cock, his balls and oozing around his ass. 

"Ah yess Yess you worthless male, Time to fuck you, time to drain your seed! I need a daughter, an heir, and you will give it to me!" she grunted as she bounced up and down, her pussy squeezing and gripping his cock in a painful vice like grip as it forcibly milked the now drunk executive. His crotch became covered in a thick layer of her pussy drool as she ground around on him. Despite the pain, or maybe because of it, he thrust back and forth, enjoying the moans of pleasure from the hot young women above him. Her muscles squeezed and pulsed around him, forcing him to higher levels of pleasure. He felt his balls tighten and he thrust back and forth into her sopping drooling sex with an unknown urgency as he drove his cock deep into her body and spurted a massive load of his seed into her waiting womb.

The young Queen hissed in triumph as Kevin's seed filled her. Her vaginal muscles bunched up around the base of his cock and rolled back up the length, squeezing every last drop of cum out of the executives cock like it was a tube of toothpaste as he shuddered in the grip of a powerful orgasm. Eventually the initial orgasm faded as Pam smiled.

"That was enjoyable, but why stop now?" she said.

"N-No please! I-I'm exhausted! Please let me rest a bit before having another go!" he panted, his cock sore but still very much erect.

"Sorry, but I am not here for your pleasure, only mine!" she said as the muscles in her cunt continued to pull at his cock and balls, the rhythmic squeezing beginning again before forcing him into another orgasm.

"Ah! no-no AHHH!! Noooooo!" he howled, as his already sensitive cock exploded against his will now as it poured out another enormous load of his seed deep into her pulsating cunt. Her vagina gripped him with a hungry deadly suction. He pumped and pumped his semen deep into her. Pam's slurping vacuum pussy sucking and pulling the seed deep into her womb. The Suctioning pussy mouth not stopping until his balls shriveled up completely and his shaft throbbed in weak dry pushes.

"Well I guess thats the end for you, Oh it is lovely, already I can feel your seed swimming in me! Your genes finding my Egg, you are going to bring another like me into this world, I already know it! Sadly your usefulness is over." She said as she began t get up, her huge pussy lips making a SHURLOP sound as they slowly unsealed themselves from his now withered cock. 

"You know what Spiders do after they mate don't you?" She said as Kevin got a look for the first time at the pussy that had fucked him. It seemed impossibly large, its lips huge and pulsating. It dripped, no, drooled on him, hungry for a real meal after draining his sperm.

"Well you will find out soon. Right now you've made a terrible mess of my lovely pussy, time for you to clean it!" she said as she brought it right next to his face. Her pussy slime drooling over him, forcing him to lick and slurp the gooey mess just to keep from drowning in it. Pam moaned and was soon grinding her swollen crotch against him, letting her suction cunt mash down painfully hard against his tongue deep inside.

"Lick it! Lick it all Slave! Your mine now and I'm going to use you for MY pleasure!" She said as she ground down into him lustfully and brutally rubbing her pussy, forward, backward, up and down all over on his face. Pamela grinned as she felt in such total control literally fucking his whole face as her pussy oozed down lower, pulling more of him inside. Her abundant thick slime flooding his mouth, forcing Kevin to swallow over and over all that she gave him less he drown in the cunt cream.

She groaned as she felt her darker side begin to come out. She was relentless now, pumping her pussy and ass down hard on his mouth, tongue and lips. Kevin had eaten a lot of pussy in the before but never like this. This wasn't just licking, it was rape, and he was powerless to stop it. His face was soaked with her thick juices as she kept climaxing in his mouth. Eventually the assault on his face was too intense and Kevin began to black out.

Pamela shuddered as she fought the urge to totally envelop his head in her pussy lips. For once she had to fight the predatory urge deep in her forever-hungry pussy. Long after Kevin had passed out, she gave a series of deep shuddering moans as she rode out her own orgasmic peaks.

Eventually she was able to control her urge to feed, for now. As she looked down at the lake of vaginal secretions pooling under their bodies she gave a great sigh.

"You know, I had said earlier you were a very lucky male, but not just for being able to seed my heir. Most of my prey are just that, prey, food for my pussy. But sadly, making someone like you 'disappear' would be a bit too problematic, even for my talents" She said before chuckling, wondering why she bothered to say anything to the clearly passed out Kevin. Still, some matters had to be taken care of. She concentrated deeply for a moment, and flexed her enormous vaginal muscles, soon there was a wet sucking sound heard as she fed. Though it was not in her traditional way. Too wary to kill off someone who would have a great many people looking for him, she simply slurped up the memories of their encounter. 

Soon, the past hour or so would dissolve from his mind. When Kevin awoke, he would have only a dim memory of meeting someone in a bar, before waking up in bed in the lake of slime. ...

"Mom? Everything go ok tonight? Did your job go well?" Vanessa asked, her questions brining her mother back from the pleasant memories of her past. 

Pamela grinned and nodded

"Oh yes my dear daughter, everything was perfect, as always." She said. Recalling how soon she had given birth to her daughter. 

Raising her and providing was easy enough. Every male she consumed she had been able to 'ingest' his memories and knowledge. With Kevin, despite not fully consuming him, she had still been able to absorb all of his finical memories of bank accounts and assets. It was more than enough to keep her and her daughter in a very comfortable lifestyle. 

"God mom, you look gorgeous! I swear every time you come back from one your trips, you look younger then when you left! You have to tell me your secret some day!" 

Pam chuckled darkly.

"Oh I hope to soon my dear! You have no idea how much I want to tell you my secrets..."