 Copyright 2009 by madengineer3

This story is pure fiction. It is not supposed to represent any individual person, group, or business.

I want to especially thank MiliktheRed for editing this story.

*

My name is Bud Cramer. It truly doesn't matter of course. I regularly have to change names every fifty years or so. However, at this particular point in time I have been Bud Cramer for about ten years. Most of my neighbors have been notified that I work the "graveyard shift" and that am not available during the day time. I've also dropped a hint about having been exposed to excessive amounts of ultra-violet radiation and that exposure to sunlight might hurt my skin and perhaps cause skin cancer. It's a conveniently believable story.

I am working on a case right now. This case has the name of Lois Evans. I have conducted my surveillance of her, for the last four months. I know the minute by minute times of when she comes home from work and when she goes to bed. I know which days she is likely to have company (which is seldom) and when the specialty food delivery man will arrive with premium frozen foods. Her dedication to her schedule is admirable, and also dangerous, for her.

She is very pretty. She has flowing brown hair and a wonderfully curvaceous body. Her breasts are not too big, but they also are not too small. She has the face of an angel. She obviously keeps in shape. She may work for one of those companies that have an internal health club. They are beginning to become popular.

I have been accused of being too much of a connoisseur of fine food. What my friends fail to understand is that I dine regularly on less than prime cuisine, but every four months or so I feast on a true delicacy. Tomorrow night will be my feast. I and Lois have a date, but she doesn't know that yet. If she did, she wouldn't be able to sleep tonight!

My plan is to wait until about one in the morning. I know that she has a defective lock on the middle upstairs window on the back of the house. I suspect that she doesn't worry about it because there is a thirty foot drop to the ground below that window. Getting to it, if a normal burglar was to try, would require a long ladder and a great risk of being seen by the neighbors. I will have no problem. I don't need a ladder. It is amazing how easy it is for a bat to land on a window sill.

One weekend, when Lois was away I took the opportunity to reconnoiter her house. It is a very nice house. It is also well insulated so that little sound is transmitted through the walls. I know right where her bedroom is. It is three rooms away from where I will enter the house.

Once I have gained entry I will use my usual approach. I will quietly move down the hall and into her room. When I say quietly, I mean very quietly. I make almost no sound whatsoever, not even a heartbeat.

When I enter her room I will quickly place strong tape over her mouth. I have been told that I have "hideous strength". I must admit that it is true. There is no mere mortal man who is as strong as I am. Lois' struggles will be no problem.

I plan on subduing her, ravishing her, raping her and then killing her by drinking all that lovely blood. If she relaxes, she may well find my efforts to be very pleasurable to her. I do not desire that she should suffer. I just want a meal fit for a king.

I know that tomorrow night she will arrive home later than other days in the week. I believe that she will have been to some weekly meeting . Her timing is almost uncanny. Her arrival time on these nights is always within two minutes of seven thirty-five. Never has she arrived outside of this window. Since it is now late October; she will have a light meal (usually soup and a sandwich), take a leisurely shower, and then go to bed. I suspect that she comes home especially tired on these nights. That is good news for me. People who are very tired are not very alert.

It is now four-thirty in the morning. It is my bed time. When I get up tomorrow, my banquet will be almost ready. Time to sleep!

*********************

Lois was right on time. I watched her arrive home. I knew that in about an hour she would be going to bed. My anticipation is almost too much to bear.

*********************

It is time. My lights are all off as I open my bedroom window and make the change to my alternate form. The flight to her house is less than two hundred meters. My landing on the window sill is totally silent, as far as any human would be concerned. On my last trip to look over her house I had made sure that neither the window or floor made any sounds when being opened or walked on. It takes forty-five seconds to enter the room and change back into my human like form. I walk quietly to her room.

There she is!! Moonlight is streaming into her window. It is quite bright, since it is a full moon. She is wearing a gauzy peignoir that allows a beautiful view of her breasts. They are so beautiful as they rise and fall as she breathes. It has been almost a millennium since I have breathed. It isn't until I see a human breathing that I remember what it was like.

I move to the side of the bed and sit down on the edge of it just to watch her for a few minutes before I get busy. I can become almost weightless when it is necessary. Don't ask me to explain it, I just can. As a result the bed hardly moves at all. Her breathing is still so even. I am going to wake her.

I quickly start to place the tape over her mouth. Before I get more than the first bit of tape securely stuck to her skin I feel like my arm is in a vise! I have never felt such a grip before.

As her eyes flash open and the smile appears on her lips I realize that I may have made a large mistake. Before I can react, and I can react very quickly, she has captured both of my wrists in her tremendous grip.

"Hello there Bud. How nice of you to drop in, or should I say fly in?" She had a smile that might look pretty to some, but was terrifying to me.

"Bud, I have been expecting you to drop in for the last month or two. You are much more cautious than the average vampire. Who taught you to be so careful?"

"His name was Von Helsing, and he killed one of my students about a century ago."

"Ah, that explains it. As you will remember, Von Helsing was forced to use wooden stakes, garlic, silver, holy water and all that messy paraphernalia to kill him. Such an amateur, but what do you expect from humans?"

I was now beginning to worry. "You mean that you are not human? I haven't detected any strangeness about you."

"Your sight has been poor ever since you made the contract that allowed you to live the life of the living dead. The one who made that deal with you is a defeated foe. He is nothing. The one who has put me here has infinitely greater gifts. I am especially made for one purpose, and my joy comes from fulfilling that purpose. Oh, by the way, I'm also permitted to play with my food too."

I was no longer worrying, I was in a state of abject terror. "What are you?"

"You could say that I am an eternally living creation that is designed to destroy vampires, werewolves, harpies, djinn, and others. Let's play, shall we?"

Before I could move Lois, or whatever this thing's name is, touched my throat and I couldn't speak! She touched my shoulders and hips and my arms and legs couldn't move. It was as if my joints had suddenly been glued in place. It took her only moments to rip my clothes off.

"Now, let's see if we can get your little friend to stand up so that we can play."

She started to fondle my balls and stroke my cock. Nobody had done this to me in ....... I can't remember how long. I couldn't resist. My cock became like an iron rod. She pulled off her peignoir and settled onto my cock. Oh did she feel good. Not only did she feel good, her swaying breasts were delightful. She was rocking herself in the fashion that humans call "cowgirl".

I wanted to speak, but I couldn't. She drove herself through numerous orgasms. I lost count after twenty.

"You've been so much fun to play with I'm going to give you a choice on how you can die. I could lay you on the floor in front of a window so that the morning sun would reach you."

I shuddered at that thought.

"I could also just dissolve you. I can inject enzymes from my saliva into your body and when the internals are all liquefied I can drink you."

I was in a total panic now.

"Or I can simply make you cease to exist. Do you have any preferences? Oh, I forgot, you can't speak. I'll take care of that."

She touched me on my mouth and I could speak again.

"Ceasing to exist would be the choice I would like to make."

"O.K., but to get that one I want you to do something for me first."

"Anything, what do you want?"

"I want you to eat me out. I want you to service me with your tongue. I want multiple orgasms, and I want them now."

She moved so that her vagina and clit were on my lower face. What could I do? I pleasured her.

"Very good, Bud. Now, I'm going to masturbate you and when you cum you will cease to exist."

She started to stroke me. Unlike a normal woman, she seemed to know exactly how my body was responding. I knew that the pressure was building. I couldn't hold out long.

"Three strokes and you will be gone, Bud."

**************

I counted to three, and at the count of three my bed was covered with a fine ash where his body used to be. Just like in the nature invented by the Most High God some predators don't look dangerous.

Well, I guess I'm going to have to relocate to another likely spot to hunt. I know that there aren't any more vampires in this area, and I can't really get off if I don't have one to play with.