 Todd watched her crossing and uncrossing her legs on her stool at the end of the bar, an unlit cigarette dangling from her mouth. She had very pale skin and a very black dress. Her lips were also black, as was her eye shadow and her long straight hair. 

A bit too Goth for my taste, thought Todd. But then again, she had a decent body with nice boobs, and he was rather horny. And he'd had a fight with his girlfriend this afternoon when she'd caught him screwing her roommate. It would be at least a day or two before he could calm her down and get her in the sack again. So, what the heck? This chick is right here, right now.

Todd slid down a couple of stools until he was next to the Goth chick. He held out his lighter. "Light?" he asked.

She leaned in and puffed. "Thanks," she mumbled, and went back to ignoring him.

"Can I buy you a glass of wine or something?" Todd asked.

"I don't drink... wine," she said. She looked him up and down. Typical jock, she thought. Big and dumb, and probably full of cum. "But I could use a glass of absinthe, if they have it." She slitted her eyes and puffed on her cigarette, not particularly caring if Todd got her a drink or not.

But Todd flagged down the bartender, and soon the glass of green liquor was on the bar in front of her. She lifted it in her black-nailed fingers and raised it to her lips. Todd watched her long red tongue slide into the glass and taste the thick, sloshing liquid. Then she poured it down her throat in one swig.

Todd admired the swell of her ample breasts beneath the thin gauzy fabric of her dress, and the shape of her calves above her black pumps. He put on his friendliest smile. "Why don't we get out of here?" he asked. "I know a nice private spot."

She seemed to consider his offer for a moment, and then made up her mind. She slid off the stool and offered her arm. Todd took it and propelled her toward the door.

"My name is Todd," he offered.

"Whatever," she said. "You can call me Raven." Todd didn't care about her name any more than she cared about his; he just wanted to get his rocks off. He led her down the cobblestone street toward the park. Beneath a street lamp, he stopped, leaned in, and put his arms around her waist. His mouth hovered over hers, his lips nearly tasting her black lipstick.

She looked up at him, her eyes piercing. Suddenly, her mouth lunged, and their lips were locked in a passionate kiss. Their tongues danced, their necks craned, and their jaws pumped. Their hands roamed over each others' backs and buttocks. There was no love, there was no affection. But there was urgency and need.

Todd's hands were then on her breasts, kneading the soft, plump mounds of flesh. His thumbs strummed across her nipples beneath the gauzy fabric. His knee was between her thighs, pressing into her sex, forcing her open. She could feel his growing erection pressing against her leg. She could smell his need.

Raven pushed him down onto a nearby park bench. He watched her face, pale in the moonlight, as she knelt between his thighs. Her eyes were glinting, sparkling. She put her hands on his crotch, and leaned in, placing her black lips near his ear.

"I want to suck you bone dry. Now," she whispered. Todd only grinned. She grabbed the top of his trousers and yanked, shredding the zipper. She pulled the fabric down to his knees, exposing his manhood, already more than half erect.

She inhaled it into her mouth, sucking the proud flesh back into her throat. Her tongue worked the underside, and her teeth lightly nibbled. He swelled to full stiffness. She slid her hands, her soft palms, up and down his bare thighs, her black fingernails stark against his white flesh. As his cock became longer and harder, she gulped it deeper and deeper into her throat.

"Oh my god....," moaned Todd, his eyes rolled back in his head. He was in heaven, and wanted to memorize every moment of this encounter, to replay it later when he was fucking his girlfriend, after they made up, and her roommate too, of course. His hips bucked in time with her sucking and stroking.

Raven removed his now fully-erect cock from between her lips, and sucked his balls into her moist mouth. She stroked his shaft with her pale hands while she rolled his gonads back and forth between her lips. Todd moaned and bucked more with each moment. She sucked and nuzzled and brought Todd to the edge of insanity.

She stopped suddenly, and Todd opened his eyes, staring at her. She was holding his cock in both hands, sideways near her mouth, like an ear of corn. Her eyes were wide and wild, and Todd noticed that her pupils had turned to vertical slits. Her lips were pulled back like a rabid dog's, and her teeth had sprouted fangs; two on the top and two on the bottom.

"You're a... you're a vampire!" screamed Todd, as her fangs gleamed in the moonlight, saliva dripping from their points and running down her chin.

"No, I'm not a vampire," Raven said evenly, holding his cock tightly in her bone-white fists. "I'm an avenging angel. I'm every woman you ever used and abused and sucked dry of her life force. And I'm here for vengeance." And with that, she sunk all four of her fangs into the side of his cock, clamping her lips tightly on the shaft.

Todd tried to scream as the fangs entered the turgid flesh of his cock, but the pain paralyzed him, from his throat to his diaphragm and beyond. His voice caught and gurgled, and he writhed in pain. Raven bit deeper and harder into his shaft, and sucked noisily at the blood that began to pour out of the four fresh wounds. She gulped faster and faster as the blood flowed, spurting out of his punctured shaft with each beat of his heart, her lips sealed tightly on the cylinder of taut flesh.

Raven sucked and sucked, and swallowed and swallowed, feeding her hunger, rejuvenating her own undead flesh. The blood of the living was the only thing that could sustain her kind. And if the blood belonged to a barely-human pig of a man, all the better, she thought. The moon shone down on the grisly scene, turning her chalk-white complexion to the pallor of bone, and his spurting blood to the deepest of blacks.

Eventually, Todd's body was almost drained of blood, and his heart had nearly ceased beating. The flow of blood had slowed to a trickle. Raven took her mouth from the side of his shaft, and turned the cock in her hand so that the head was pointing into her mouth. Then she bit with all of the strength of her jaw, severing the spongy head from the shaft. Todd's dying body gave one last involuntary shudder. She spat the soggy mushroom toward his face, where it bounced off his cheek and rolled into the dirt. Then she wrapped her lips around the gaping severed end of the cock shaft and sucked out the remaining drops of blood and gore.

Moments later, Raven had kicked Todd's lifeless corpse into a nearby bush and licked her lips clean. Her fangs had once again retracted. She felt satiated, renewed, almost human. She felt joyous and invigorated. She desired noise and revelry and companionship. She turned her steps back toward the bar district, seeking to surround herself with the sounds of life and love, even if they were never to be hers in truth.

Settling into a small jazz club, Raven again perched herself on a bar stool and lit up a cigarette. The music washed over her, soothing her emotions, and augmenting the completeness and satisfaction that she felt from the stolen blood in her stomach.

Across the room was a short, muscular blonde girl. Raven noticed her immediately, and felt her attention being returned. They caught each others' gaze, and soon the blonde was making her way toward the bar.

"Hey," said the blonde. "Spare a smoke?"

Raven gave her a cigarette and a light. They sat for a few minutes, staring and smoking, looking each other up and down. The blonde was thick but shapely, with short punky hair and a silver piercing in her lip. Her eyes were wide and blue. Her hands were large but soft looking. She wore denim and flannel. Raven liked her.

"I'm Eve," said the blonde, putting her large soft hand on Raven's thigh and staring into her face.

"Raven," said Raven, enjoying the feel of Eve's strong hand through the gauzy black fabric of her skirt. Her stomach full of nourishment, she had relaxed her normal wariness, and realized now just how lonely and horny she really was. She wanted Eve, as a woman. She wanted her very badly.

Eve stood, and pressed Raven's knees apart on the bar stool. She leaned in between them, and planted her lips onto Raven's. Her soft pink lips fit perfectly on Raven's black pouty mouth, and her tongue fought its way inside. Her arms found themselves around Raven's neck, and she pressed her chest to Raven's own.

After several moments of intensity, they pulled apart, saliva dripping from their mouths. "Come with me," said Eve, and led Raven by the hand out the back door of the bar. Down the alley, and around a corner, they soon found themselves in the courtyard of a decrepit old church, in the moon shadow of the ancient bell tower. Nobody else was around.

Eve again put her arms around Raven's neck. Raven embraced Eve's waist and pulled her close. Their lips again met, their tongues again danced. Their breasts met, Raven's ample orbs and Eve's pert buds, through the layers of gauze and flannel. Their kissing escalated from soft pecks, to fervent slurping, to frantic biting gasps of lips and teeth.

Eve pressed her thigh between Raven's legs, as Todd had done, but now Raven welcomed the incursion. She pressed her sex onto Eve's short, firm thigh, grinding herself on the strong, muscled limb. She bucked her hips back and forth, attempting to stimulate every fold of her flesh. The blood rose in her cheeks, both her own and that which she had stolen from Todd. Her breath came in gasps. Her sex tingled.

Raven felt Eve's strong fingers digging into the cheeks of her buttocks as she ground against the blonde girl's thigh. She tasted Eve's tongue in her mouth, felt the hardness of her lip ring, and reveled in her body heat. But she wanted more. And she wanted it now.

"I want to feel your mouth. On me," said Raven, between gasps, as Eve's tongue snaked into her ear. Raven glanced downward, toward her sex. "Down there."

Eve pulled back. "Yes, I want to taste you, too. I want to taste all of you." She pushed Raven backwards, up against the brick wall of the church. She pulled Raven's feet out slightly, and spread them to shoulder width. Then she knelt on the cobblestones, and raised Raven's black gauzy skirt. "Hold this," she said. Raven held the skirt up, exposing her hips and her sex to the crisp night air and to Eve's waiting mouth.

Eve pressed her face in close to Raven's sex, and inhaled the musky aroma. A satisfied smile spread across her face. She leaned in even closer, her nose buried in Raven's pubic hair, and inhaled yet again, deeper still.

"You are very full, darling," she said, looking up, a sly smile upon her lips.

Raven's eyes widened. "What did you say?"

Instead of answering, Eve's face opened up in all directions, the sides of her head falling away around her shoulders. Loose flaps of skin and flesh draped in all directions, exposing a small skull-like head with an enormous proboscis protruding from the front. The proboscis began to extend slowly towards Raven's vagina.

"You're a feeder!" screamed Raven, as the proboscis continued to grow, and reached toward her sex. She tried desperately to pull away, but Eve's arms, like iron bands, held her in place. The proboscis plunged deep into her sex and continued to grow, past her cervix, past her uterus, into her abdomen and beyond. It pierced Raven's flesh, her bone, her viscera; it spread and grew and blossomed deep within Raven's body, engulfing her heart and lungs. A strong suction effect began, pulling Raven's blood and flesh and organs down and out, sucking them into the interior of Eve's body.

Eve continued to feed, feeding upon Raven's every organ and her very life force. She swallowed and gulped and assimilated, and soon nothing was left of Raven but a shriveled and graying husk. She let the empty shell fall to the cobblestones and retracted her proboscis.

Eve stood. She was now several inches taller, and quite a few pounds heavier. She folded up her false face, and again looked like an ordinary human woman. She kicked the remains of Raven's body into the shadow of a dumpster, and began walking out of the courtyard toward the street.

High overhead, in the bell tower of the ancient church, a Gargoyle caught a glint of light below. A stray beam of moonlight had glanced off of Eve's lip piercing. The Gargoyle's nostrils, just above its long hooked beak, dilated briefly as it caught her scent.

"Fresh blood!" thought the Gargoyle, as it spread its wings and leapt from the parapet.