 I was standing at the window watching the moonlight dance on the waters of the gulf. I had been there a while; lost in thoughts of questions I had no way of ever answering. The whisper of the satin sheet falling to the floor behind me told me you were awake.

Slipping your arms around my waist you laid your cheek against the back of my shoulder. The feeling of your breasts against my back, and the scent of you, brought a feeling of warmth and peace I had never known.

"What are you thinking about lover?" you purred.

"Your life and what it must be like," I answered in a thoughtful whisper.

"You mean to be a vampire?" you asked in surprise.

"Yes. It must be," I paused searching for the right word, "sad." 

"In some ways yes I suppose it is. But, as I told you years ago, there are things you could never know as a human; beautiful things." I could hear that haunting smile as you spoke. "Look out there. When you can hear the moonlight falling on the water, or see the fragrance of the roses growing below this window, or taste the lightning from that storm on the horizon. When you can do these things, as I can, then tell me how sad it is. But for now come back to bed, it's lonely there without you." As I turned to kiss you, I thought about the last few hours.

As soon as I opened the door I could smell it, the faint scent of roses. My heart skipped a beat as I wondered if it could be you. It had been ten years since that night, but the memory was as vivid as it had been the next morning.

After looking around the first floor I climbed the stairs. At the top I could see through my bedroom door. My breath caught as I saw you. You were laying on the bed, leaning against the headboard in a reclining position. You had one long leg out to the side and the other up, with your hands folded peacefully in your lap. You were looking off to the right, out the window at the moon shining on the gulf. I could only stare in amazement at the way the moon light danced on your shimmering skin. Your hair was flowing down your body like a waterfall, not hiding any of your curves. In fact, it only served to heighten the sensuality of the picture. My mind flashed back to the first time I'd seen you.

You were so lovely laying there... the long silky hair flowing down your back to the perfectly shaped hips and long shapely legs. I could see the hint of full round breasts in the dim light as you lay on your stomach, looking sideways at me. The hint of a smile, and the glitter of those big green eyes, alluded to something, but it was hard to think clearly in the fog of lust you had created. Enthralled by the sight and smell of you, I forgot to ask where you came from or why you were there.

As I moved closer I asked, "Who are you?"

My longing and lust had impaired my vision enough that I didn't see the tips of the fangs as you seductively whispered "Irja."

I moved closer still, drinking in the scent of... roses? Yes, roses. The petals covered the bed and spilled onto the floor. My mind was reeling as my gaze traveled the length of you, the unblemished white skin inviting a gentle touch. As my trembling hand reached for you, you pulled away slightly.

"I won't hurt you," I breathed as I froze, so as not to frighten you any further.

The slight smile passed over your lips again as you said, "I know, but I'm not what you think I am."

"I don't care what you are; you're the most beautiful creature I've ever seen." I breathe. Oh god how I wanted to touch you.... to kiss you... to have you in my arms.

"Thank you. But I'm only here to let you know that beauty exists in this world in many forms, most of which humans never take the time to see," you said, slowly sliding from the bed and moving to the window. Your movements were cat-like and graceful; each muscle rippling under the pale skin, a kaleidoscope of sensuality.

"But why are you leaving?" I asked, desperate to have you stay... forever.

"You aren't ready yet. When you are I'll be back, I promise," you whispered. For an instant you hesitated, then glided across the room and slipped your arms around my neck. The heat of your body as it pressed against me, and the fragrance of your hair, threw my senses into a whirlwind once more. But before I could clear away the confusion enough to react your velvet lips brushed mine, a light stroke of your tongue taking me by surprise. And were those your teeth that felt like two needles gently nipping my bottom lip? I parted my lips to allow you entrance, but before I realized it, you were gone, leaving only the memory of your body and lips touching me and the scent of roses.

Now here you were again. You must have sensed that I was staring, because you turned your head to look at me and smile.

"Remember me?" you asked softly.

I was afraid my heart would pound it's way out of my chest as I answered. "How could I forget the most beautiful creature I've ever seen?" I replied as I slowly entered the room. You didn't move, just watched me with the barest of smiles as I stared at you. The flood of passion and longing rushing over me made me tremble slightly.

"You don't have to be afraid, I'm not leaving for a while, yet," you said. "Take your clothes off and join me."

I blinked in surprise, then quickly undressed. As hard as I tried, there was no hiding my obvious excitement.

"Don't be embarrassed, that's the reaction I was hoping for," you laughed. The sound was like heaven, a melodic symphony that I could have listened to for ever.

I walked over to the bed and looked down at you for a moment. You reached up and took my hand, pulling me down beside you. Our lips met in a soft gentle kiss that shot electric shocks through my body. My teeth nibbled at your lips and my lips caressed yours as if tasting a woman for the first time. Then my tongue flicked, and you opened to me. Our tongues met and tentatively touched, then as if they'd done it a million times moved together in a slow sensual dance of exploration.

My hand slowly glided down the arm you had thrown around my neck to the shoulder and down your back, pulling you close. Your stiff nipples pushed against my chest and a small moan escaped through the kiss.

You slid down the bed till you were laying flat, and I stretched out beside you. I rested my chin in one hand, and looked down at you as my finger traced the line of your lovely face from your ear to the point of your chin.

"There's a price you know," you whispered.

"I'll pay, no matter what it is," I said.

"But, you don't...," you started to say.

"I don't care," I whispered back with all the certainty I could muster.

I could no longer contain my self. I bent and kissed you again, this time with the passion and intensity I had been feeling for years. My hand moved from your neck down your chest till the trembling fingers brushed your breast. Gently caressing and squeezing till the nipple stiffened under my touch. Then I bent and drew it between my lips, the tip of my tongue lightly tasteing it. You inhaled sharply as I sucked and flicked it at the same time. 

Your hand slid from my neck down my chest to my stiffness, your fingers surrounding it like a velvet glove. My own moan slipped out as a nail slowly ran down the length of me and back up. Then you pushed me on my back and started kissing my chest, teaseing my nipples with your tongue as you passed them. I tangled my fingers in your silken mane and tried in vain to keep my breathing normal. But your lips and tongue wouldn't allow that. You kept kissing and licking as your hand once again wrapped around me, gently stroking and teasing.

When your cheek brushed my pubic hair, you looked up, and whispered, "Are you sure? No matter what the cost?"

"I've never been so sure of any thing in my life," I whispered back.

With out another word your lips engulfed me, taking me in in a quick but soft motion that took my breath away. You swirled your tongue around me as you slowly drew back, letting just the tip stay between your lips. Your tongue caressed the tip in quick teasing strokes, then you suddenly plunged down again.

After several minutes of this, my breath was coming in heavy gasps and my body was vibrating like a violin string. You drew back one last time, lingering at the tip and chuckling softly. As you straddled me you looked down. "I've wanted to do this since the first time I saw you," you said in a husky voice. Then, you guided me to the opening of your sex, teasing me with the feel of you pressed against me with out entering. Inhaleing softly, you slipped me inside you, sliding down over me and settling on my hips with a satisfied sigh, and a shiver that betrayed your own excitement. 

Slowly you bent and kissed me, letting my tongue explore deep into your mouth. Sitting up straight I felt the shiver of your passion again, but stronger this time. You rocked back and forth a few times, then slowly lifted yourself partially off of me. Looking straight into my eyes you started moving up and down, each downward stroke embedding me a little deeper a little harder. I could feel your muscles tighten around me as you moved down, and relax as you lifted up. I reached up and took your round breasts in my hands, gently squeezing them together, teaseing the nipples with my thumbs. 

Your eyes closed and you threw your head back with a whispered "Yes!" As our movements became faster and stronger our breathing became heavier. Soon we were panting and gasping as we approached orgasm.

Without warning I rolled us over, and was on top of you. I leaned down and kissed you lightly and said, "My turn to drive you to the edge."

There was a sound that escaped you, a sound I can't identify to this day. A soft seductive growl that was felt more than heard. And though that sound should have frightened me, in my condition it simply made you more erotic. I slipped my arms under your knees and folded your long lovely legs back over your body, letting them come to rest on my chest. I started slow leisurely strokes in and out of you, pausing at the top of each stroke. You soon tired of the pauses and started thrusting your hips up to me as I reached the top,. But then my resolve ran out and I gave in to my lust.

As I started moving faster you began panting and moaning softly as your own hips moved up to meet mine. Soon we were again on the verge of orgasm when you pushed me off and sat up. Pushing me onto my back you turned and straddled my face and with a suddenness that surprised me took me completely into your mouth with a long soft growl that vibrated all around my now screaming member. At the same time I pulled you down to me, letting my lips open you and my tongue enter as far as it could. With no further movement we both exploded. The taste of your juices filling my mouth with liquid heaven. We shuddered and cried out as best we could, each afraid to lose contact with the other. Your hips ground you into my mouth and My tongue moved and licked trying to find every drop of your precious honey. Shuddering through first one, then a second orgasm I thought I would drown in you.

Then you collapsed on top of me, your tongue making lazy trips up and down my length as I kissed and licked all of you I could reach. After what seemed an eturnity of heavenly molding together you sighed and turned and layed your head on my chest. As you lay there and I stroked your hair I felt a tear fall to my skin. 

Pulling your face to mine I kissed you gently, and asked, "Why are you crying?"

You stared into my eyes and whispered, "Because I know that when I tell you what comes next you will push me away in fear and revulsion."

I kissed you again and said, "You think I didn't feel the fangs? Well I did, the first time we kissed. I know what comes next and if it's the last thing I feel so be it. Nothing can ever feel the same after this."

Your eyes filled with tears as you stammered, "You think I'm going to kill you?... Oh god no!... I just have to take enough to regain my strength... I'd never hurt you!"

"I misunderstood... please forgive my ignorance," I whispered, kissing the tears away.

"But... you would have let me?" you asked in shock.

"Yes... I've already been to heaven."

I felt your nail trace a line along my throat and a soft wet kiss. It was followed by that sound, and the most perfect orgasm I have ever had. It seemed to last forever and was followed by a warm black contentment.

07/26/04