 Trespasser

Jenna sat in her car, her body was tense but one leg was rapidly thumping the stubby raised heel of her shoe at the carpeted floor. The sun was sinking past the hillside and she was filled with growing trepidation. Tonight she was going to break into a building to plunder it of anything of value. Sure, she could wind up in prison, but if her hunch was correct it would all be worth it. There was this intoxicating thrill she always felt when she was about to do something bad.

She had parked her car in a gas station parking lot and she felt like a vulture, perched and waiting for the right moment. The mark was not far off in the distance, a cubed monolith six stories high with a large white serial number displayed its corner, D-19. The building still wore the faint marks of another sign that had been hastily ripped off. All the windows have been sealed with metal shutters making the place looked like it was on lock down.

The traffic was slowly dying down around the industrial sector as the commercial buildings clustering in the area had all closed up shop for the night. The natural light of the day faded gradually into night while and the street lamps flared on in preparation for the coming darkness. 

She brought another cigarette to her full lips and the interior and her face was illuminated with a warm orange glow when she lit it. With a deep pull caving in her cheeks, the red cherry flared brightly and she felt the tension in her nerves melt away. This was going to be dangerous, she might even get killed over what she was about to do.

She blew out a thick cloud of smoke, it was almost go time. Leaning over to the passenger side she pressed a button on the middle of a glove box. With a sharp click, the lid fell open and the tiny keycard fell against the downward opening lid. She snatched up the tiny device and brought it close to her green eyes to inspect it. It had been quite the unexpected boon that had been left behind by one of her more regular clients.

A grin curled at one corner of her mouth recalling its previous owner, squat, fat and so unbelievably kinky in his tastes. Kinky had another meaning entirely in her line of work, expensive. She physically shuddered with the electric tingles of delight running up her spine from the things he did to her replaying through her head. He must have had a lot of money because his visits were startlingly frequent. Sometimes she was still sore from the last time when he came calling, but she could never turn him down.

He had tried to incessantly impress her with his line of work going on about how important his research was. She would have barely given it a second thought, that had all changed however when the Racoon City incident happened. 

He was mounted on her naked body while she was laid face down on her sturdy kitchen table. With his pants down around his ankles, he was grunting and huffing, pounding away at her back door. They had been playing creepy mortician, he had a more clinical name for it but she could never remember it.

Then his phone chimed in his pocket and he went stiff as a board at the sound. He dismounted her with surprising agility cursing while he wrestled to tug his pants back up to his waist. She could only watch him in dismay at the time, while he frantically darted around huffing and puffing with his face soaked in sweat. He had been in such a desperate rush, he had forgotten to remove the lab coat costume when he slammed the door of her apartment, forgetting the coat he had came to her place in.

It was only until after the events of Raccoon city had fully played out did she start to piece his possible connections to the event. There was conspiracy theory's flying around on the internet about it being an engineered viral outbreak. It was all too much of a coincidence, his sudden departure right during a biological attack in his kind of work. No company had been implicated in the design of the virus. How long could they hide when they became responsible for the annihilation of an entire city? 

She huffed in mild amusement because she had almost thrown his key card away when she first fished it out the jacket pocket. The name of the company on the card was the only lead she had to go with. A quick search of the internet gave her all the information she needed. Sure enough, it was a company specializing in biomedical research. They must have been sent scrambling to do some damage control after such an outbreak. It took a little more rummaging through her local directory to find the lab he must have been working from.

With a sigh of desire, she remained distracted by the fantasies while she sat in the car waiting. He was more inventive than most of the men that came for her services. Would a normal woman have let him do the things he had performed on her or the things he put inside? She could only shrug and guessed every girl probably had her price. She was a glutton for his punishment and not just because of the money. 

For a someone like her, sex was not just something she craved, her life revolved around it and when she could get it. She had to take pills as a teen in her parent's attempts to curb her urges, public school was not possible for the kind of person she was. 

Once she was an adult, she started to shape her lifestyle around the urges felt. She had quickly learned that men would be willing to actually pay for the chance to get her in bed. It was like a dream come true, paying her bills while doing the very thing she craved most. 

There was a struggle to reign in the desire to rub a quick one out while she waited in her car. With a shake of her platinum blonde head, she pushed her hunger down and focused back on the task at hand. With a glance at the clock on her phone, she knew it was time to move. She took one long final draw from her cigarette to steady the clustered knot of anxiety in her guts before flicking it out the small gap in her window. 

She opened her door and climbed out from her car and stretched the soreness out of her body from sitting in one place for so lone. Her body shuddered in pleasure as she let out a delighted squeal when her hands reached high until she was on the balls of her feet. 

With a quick flick of her head, she moved her long ponytail over her shoulder and started making her way towards the building. The stride she used was light and bouncy as she approached the building. Even though her blood burned with an intoxicating mix of fear and excitement.

It was not justice or fame she was looking for by breaking into D-19, it was all about that sweet money. She could easily blackmail the company if she had something juicy to dangle over their heads. Her eyes light up thinking about getting her hands on something really good, close guarded secret stuff kind of good. She could easily pawn something like that off to a rival company and holy shit, the money she could make would let her live where ever she wanted, do whatever she wanted. Her stride quickened towards the lab, eager to get pillaging.

She didn't have much time to prepare for this infiltration, the website was already gone and they were probably already stripping the interior clean. There were no cars in the parking lot, there might not even be security. She was forced to use what pieces of her work costumes, that best complimented the look of a secretary. 

She had a white button up top tucked into the hem of the most modest black skirt. Even though it was a very tight fit around her generous curves, at least the cut was low enough that it was half way down her thighs. She had to wear thick black stockings because her legs had large tattoos of roses with thorny vines winding up her skin. They covered most out of her outer leg that ran from her ankles all the way up to her hips, hardly professional. 

The rest of her ink was luckily being covered by her suit jacket when some clients wanted her to play disciplinary teacher. Sadly, she had picked the coat more because it enhanced her bust and she found herself wishing her breasts were just a little smaller to help sell the look, it was the best she could manage given the small window. When she walked around to the front plaza she stopped dead in her tracks. 

"Whoa." She gasped in surprise at the sight of a massive metal barricade, completely closing off the front of the building. It was no normal security shutter but rather a huge metal slab made the front of the building appear more like a fortified bunker than a civilian biomedical lab. Such a strange feature filled her with so many thoughts of what they could possibly be needing such security for. She felt giddy now, there was going to be something big inside, she could sense it. Then a problem gripped her dashing her ecstatic thoughts, how the hell was she going to get inside?

With the front entrance blocked she was forced to search around the sides of the building to try and find another way in. The fire escapes she discovered gave her nothing because they lacked handles from the exterior. With an annoyed grumble, she made her way to the back and poked her head around the corner. 

Her face soured when she saw that the loading doors for trucks all had the same armor plating as the front. Then there was a ray of hope, In the distance on the opposite side. She saw a light was on providing illumination for a raised platform and a small cluster of benches and tables, the employee smokers lounge. 

She made her way to the elevated pedestal in the corner of the building. It was covered with a cloth tent providing shelter from the elements. She hurriedly bound up the concrete stairs ignoring the heavy swaying of her breasts. The door was labeled with bright red letters that read 'Authorized Personnel Only!' as she walked up to it. It took a little searching but she finally managed to find the faintest slot for a card reader.

"OH baby, please work for me." She prayed before delicately sliding the key into the slot. It felt as if her heart skipped a beat when she heard this mechanical buzzing sound emanating from the heavy door.

"Open says me, motherfucker." She said with a pleased chuckle. The loud sound of heavy metal bolts shifting in sequence made her take a cautious step back. Once the door stilled with its mechanical clunking, a metal handle emerged from a hidden slot in the door. She couldn't help but admire how technically fancy could be because shit like this must have cost quite a bit. 

She felt a pang of worry, this had all seemed like just a little bit too much for a lab. She shook away her worries and gripped the metal bar and gave a sharp tug only to have it refuse to budge. Her brows furrowed with confusion and she started to pull even harder. 

"Come on, don't be a tease now, let mommy in." She snarled through her teeth. With all her weight being thrown into her yanking, it finally yields to her demand. This was one hell of a way to discourage employees from smoking she thought to herself. The door let out a pressurized hiss when she broke the seal. She watched as the width of it seemed to keep on going exposing thick metal nubs of its many locks lining its interior. This was not just any door; it was a god damned vault! 

Once the door had been pried open just enough, she slipped inside into nothing but inky blackness. The interior was much cooler and she felt a deep shudder run up her spine as her body attempted to adjust to the new surroundings. The fact that the building still had its air conditioning running meant someone was still paying the bills to keep this place running. 

A metallic bang behind her made her yelp in alarm when the heavy door automatically closed behind her. The sound of the metal bars slamming back into place easily defeated her desire for stealth and she silently prayed there really was no security watching over the place. It was completely dark in the building with that she couldn't even see her hands in front of her face. 

She reached into the breast pocket of her coat and pulled out her phone. With a faintly audible clicking sound, the device bathed only a small fraction of the interior with a tiny cone of blue hued light. Two rows of glass panes flanked her as she stood in a narrow corridor. 

They were both offices with modest desks probably from a flat pack store, very modern and cost effective. The sight of both the rooms looked far too bare for her liking and made her heart ache a little, they had already started stripping down the place. 

She stepped into the large open area of this first floor while the soles of her shoes clapped against the smooth stone floor only to echo back into her ears. The center of the building was hollow with what she could see with the inadequate light of her phone. Four large pillars of polished stone supported the roof in the middle and acted as a support for the walkways that ran between them. 

She discovered the front desk and cautiously approached it feeling very exposed such an open space. It was a half oval with very high walls and a bright cherry wood. She peered behind the desk to see that it too was totally bare, no papers, no devices and the security monitors were off. her lips pursed tightly in contemplation, if they didn't bother to even keep the cameras on, then this place was bare. 

She twisted back around to face those glass offices she had walked past and swept her phone to see that they continued to the back. She was not entirely sure what she was looking for so she followed them and hoped that something would catch her attention. Each office she peered into was just an empty space and her spirits deflated a little more with everyone she passed by. 

"Shit, I must be too late." She muttered under her breath feeling like this had all been a waste of her time. Just when she was about to turn around and make her exit, her light only barely caught the distinct color shift of the next office door. She focused her device on it and illuminated a pair of deeply tinted double doors. 

A mischievous grin spread over her lips as she wondered what an office like that needed to be so secretive for. She rushed up to the door and pushed open one of the large glass plates closest to her. She pushed into the room and her hopes got punched right out of her stomach. A single piece of furniture remained in this abandoned position, another desk.

"God fucking damn it!" She cursed, of course, they would have gotten all the juicy stuff out first. With a deep sigh of morose, she felt the need to at least take a look and stepped into the room and her flat shoes sink into the very plush carpet that silences her steps entirely. She wondered if this might have been her client's office, he always claimed he was someone important here. The musky scent of expensive cologne permeating the room burned at her nose, it wasn't his brand.

Her eyes glanced over the desk as she approached it. its pristine surface was a ruddy brown and looked almost like glass it had such a glossy sheen on it. She stroked her fingers over that smooth perfection as she stepped around to see two banks of drawers on either side. Her spirits lifted a fraction and she bent over to try and at least rifle through them. If she managed to at least make off with a box of paper clips, she could claim some kind of win for her. 

She curled her fingers around the ornate handle and gave a sharp tug, and it refused to budge. Her eyes grew furious and she scowled before she started to violently yank at the handle. She pulled and pulled until she heard a metal ping. She yelped as she suddenly flew backward with the broken handle still in her hand as she crashed to the floor rump first. It took her a moment to just stare there in disbelief then threw the handle aside with a flick of her wrist.

While she sat there in silence letting her anger simmer, a faint sound made her freeze in place. She could have sworn she heard the spine-chilling noise of someone walking. In such an empty place she only grew more certain what she was hearing. 

They were slow and heavy clomping sounds and they were getting louder and louder. She thought to flee, but if she turned off her phone she wouldn't be able to see anything. The footfalls were closing in and her chance of escape was only getting more narrow.

Her fear made her panic and when her frantic eyes noticed the large empty space in the middle the desk. She hurriedly crawled under the desk on her hands and feet hiding like a scared child. Her hands had become all nerves and she fumbled with her phone trying to shut off the light but couldn't enter her password right. With a distressed curse under her breath, she just slammed it in still on into the side pocket of her jacket. 

With her body tightly curled in the spacious void of her hiding space, she waited for those horrifying footsteps to pass. How stupid she felt, risking arrest for absolutely nothing and now she was cowering under a desk. Her arms were tightly wrapped around her knees hugging them up against her chest. She chewed on her bottom lip in anticipation as her heart throbbed so fiercely she could hear the blood rushing into her head. 

Those terrifying footfalls were getting so painfully loud, he must be right at the entrance to the office. Her breathing seemed way too loud and if felt like the desk was amplifying it in the dead silence. All she could think to do was bury her head between her knees trying to make herself as small as possible, curling into a human ball. 

Then she had realized that she no longer heard the sound of those awful shoes, did she somehow miss the patrol walking away? Her brows furrowed, perplexed for a moment as she was only left with this terrible nothing for her to dwell on. The faint sound of keys lightly clanked together and such a simple innocuous noise filled her with the most nauseating dread. 

Her mouth gaped in horror. The person was in the room, their footsteps must have been silenced by the thick carpet. With each time those metal keys clashed together, they rang of her impending fate. What kind of shitty luck did she have today, this guard would have to be half fucking bloodhound. She placed both her hands on the back of her neck unable to stop herself from trembling when she heard it those tinkling keys getting unbearably loud. 

That unbearable noise finally stopped and she could feel a presence just looming over her. With her eyes pinched tightly shut, she wished that whoever it was would just drop dead on the spot. There was nothing but this long tortuous quiet as the person just stood there probably staring at her. What could this guard possibly be doing? Basking in the fucking moment of bagging a perp for once in their pathetic life?

A cold and clammy hand grabbed her by the wrist and she wails out in fright feeling his big meaty hand tightly crushing into her wrist. His grip was so hard that she winced in pain before he yanked her out from under the desk. She gasped in shock when he hauled on her so hard she was dragged across the floor. He wasn't done yet trying to rip her arm out of its socket when he used her limb to lift her off the ground.

"I'M SORRY I'M SO SORRY PLEASE STOP!" She frantically begged with him while clutching at his thick forearm while she dangled in the air. She felt like a doll in his grasp, the man must be part bear he was so strong but she could only guess because it was still black as pitch in the room. 

He finally released her and she wobbled on unsteady legs with her entire arm aching from such a rough treatment. Her respite was short when he grabbed her by the shoulders compressing her so hard she physically squeaked. He whipped her around like a rag doll so sharply her head spun. Her coat was violently yanked and stitching popped with a loud ripping noise as her jacket was stripped from her body.

Those big hands grabbed her by the waist and his calloused palms ran down to caress the generous curve of her hips. She quickly yanked away from him before he could get a good hold of her rump.
