 The Red Lock Hostel just opened the weekend I came to Tucson. It's located pretty out of the way from the main part of town, but still accessible by bus. The hostel took my breath away when I approached and saw it was a recently restored two-story Victorian mansion with a tower. Once checked-in, the Host put on a cheesy grin and informed me that the hostel was haunted and to please stay clear of the door to the tower, which I would recognize from the red lock fastened to it. As a mischievous grin spread across his pale face, he slipped me a piece of paper with his phone number on it and said, "Don't hesitate to call if you need...assistance." His eyes drifted downward, following my shape.

I blushed compulsively and felt blood rush to certain parts of my body in a way that was only natural. The primal reaction quickly returned to sensibility; I was of half a mind to take my business elsewhere, but I merely glowered and made a note to crucify the Host in my online review of the hostel. 

I found my way to my assigned bunk in an all-gender room. In their bunks, two young men conversed casually; briefly, they paused to check me out. I was annoyed, yet oddly aroused by how much I'd been ogled since I stepped foot in the hostel. The two guys used their charm and flirted with me from the minute I set my bags down to dinnertime in the community kitchen. They were quite attractive. So, naturally, I contemplated their offer to go out to a bar. But, as a lonely travelling lady, I needed to stay safe and opted to stay in and go to sleep early.

When the boys left, I snuggled in my bunk feeling awfully lonely. I turned out the light and laid down; I admit I began to touch myself a bit under the covers. A breeze passed through the room, sending chills down my spine. I pulled my blanket a bit closer.

A low groan came from the foot of my bed and I bolted upright, but no one was there. Something warm began to touch my feet, and when I screamed my blanket fell down to reveal my hard nipples beneath my camisole. Before I could scream again, a warm but invisible solid jammed into my mouth. Yet again, I heard a low groan, but this time, the ghost -- yes ghost -- began to feel my entire body, tenderly. It had no defined shape. It molded to mine, pressing every part of me in ways I did not dare to admit pleased me.

Realizing I was helpless, and no one would hear me to save me, I gave in once the ghost had touched me to the point of need. I lost myself, and wanted more. I began sucking on the invisible tendril in my mouth, which resulted in another groan. So I sucked harder, opening my legs as another warm tendril slid down my panties. It was like my own self-pleasure, but with no hands.

As I sucked and drooled all over what I guessed was one of many ghost cocks in the room, the one in my panties rubbed my clit until my own wetness started getting in the way. Another low groan as the tendril in my mouth grew fatter. I got a small taste of something...minty...ghost precum? I got excited and started gagging myself, simultaneously wanting my mouth full of minty ghost cum and for it to fuck me. 

I felt the ghost wrap itself around me, flipping me over face-down and holding my hands behind my back. I kept sucking and kept my rhythm on the tendril in my mouth. It got harder still as the one near my lower half ripped my panties off entirely. I was so ready, but it started to play with the wrong hole! I was an anal virgin. I didn't know what to do, but I knew I didn't want it to stop.

The next thing I knew, it was applying calculated pressure and began using my own juices as lube. I must have been really tight because before the lower tendril got even an inch into me from behind, the one in my mouth exploded its minty goodness down my throat. It began to groan and press deeper into my ass, but it was interrupted by the sound of footsteps and a light in the hallway. I panicked, as must have ghost, because it gave one last push in my ass -- causing me to let out a yelp -- and it was gone.

"Wait, no! Please you have to fuck me!" I yelled desperately, but it was gone.

I was so beside myself, I had not noticed my two male roommates staring aghast at my ass in the air from the doorway.

"Oh fuck, Eric. Looks like she regretted not joining us after all!" said the black-haired roommate, Bill, to the other. The blonde, Eric, chuckled and circled around my bunk to get a look at me from the side. It took me a moment to realize I could move again. I scrambled around and wrapped myself in my blanket, feeling insanely embarrassed and unsure of how to handle myself.

Eric sat down on my bed next to me and put his arm around me, "Hey now," he said as the electric current poured from his fingers and traveled down by entire body. "There's no need to be shy, little lass. It looks like you have some needs, and my friend Bill and I here...are happy to help." He smiled genuinely as if to give some reassurance, but clearly his intentions were far from innocent.

My silence seemed to give me away, as a mischievous light flashed before Eric's eyes and he slowly reached out for my neck with a large, strong hand. A heat wave crashed over me when he grabbed me, for he was actually solid and I could see the strength behind his actions. He pushed me slightly down onto the bed, and I complied. He started making out with my little neck and whispered in my ear, "Yes?"

I gulped...and nodded slightly. He gave my neck a squeeze, and I made eye contact with Bill who was now just a foot away. I bit my lip at the sight of him looking at me hungrily. "Yes," I confirmed quietly. 

The next thing I knew, both Bill and Eric were on my bed, exploring my body, rubbing their warm hands up and down my shirt, which obscured almost nothing. Eric continued to make out with my neck, and then Bill went a little lower and took one of my nipples into his mouth, which he was delighted to find pierced. 

I needed more though; this torture had gone on long enough. I sat up slightly, and tried to put a hand on each of their crotches, hoping they would get the hint. They didn't miss a beat and immediately took off their primary layers of clothing. I was visibly excited; I couldn't stop staring. Eric noticed and brought himself closer to me, whereas Bill traveled further south. I explored Eric's full bulge through his boxer briefs and begged him with doe-like eyes to let me taste. Meanwhile, I also felt a warm breath on my thighs. Bill moaned, "Mmm, she's already been at work it seems. Couldn't wait for us to get back? You could have called, you know." 

Should I tell them about the ghost? They probably wouldn't believe me anyway, and I was too horny to even care. I merely squirmed in place and whimpered, which seemed to be a satisfactory response. Bill then slid his tongue on either side of my lips, teasing me and causing my pussy to ache that much more. Finally, his lips gently wrapped themselves around my clit before slipping his tongue inside me. God, it felt so good and warm. He wasn't playing nice though; he played around with my wetness, my patience, and my pleasure to his heart's content.

But I could hardly pay attention to that feeling once Eric took out his cock and began teasing me with it. He would just barely touch it to my lips--the ones attached to my head, avoiding me every time I stuck out my tongue to try to get a taste. I had to fight for it! He was massive, and I apparently fought hard enough because it was deep down my throat just a short moment later. It was so different from the ghost's cocks (or could it have been ghosts' cocks?), much warmer with a more distinct taste, more manly and human. 

I grabbed Eric with my hands and played with his balls as I sucked. This turned me on so much on its own, but with Bill's mouth working its magic on my pussy, I began approaching ecstasy very quickly. Bill seemed to sense this and stuck two thick fingers inside me. His vigorous flicking and licking brought me to the brink, and suddenly my juices were dripping down his face just as my own saliva began dripping down mine. I would have moaned and screamed so loudly as I came, if it weren't for the giant throbbing cock in my mouth. 

My vision started to get a little blurry, but I barely overheard Bill say to Eric, "I'm just gunna try her out, but you should have a go down here next." 

I feel some movement around my legs, which are then lifted as Bill prepares to penetrate me. I tried to look down to see what was happening, but Eric's enormous cock and ripped torso blocked my view as he continued to fuck my face. Pleasure consumed my body as Bill filled me up with his cock. He pumped about five times slowly and then about ten times quickly. That was it; what a tease for both of us! He pulled out and tapped Eric to switch. I was confused.

"I mostly wanted to you know just how sweet you taste," said Bill as he climbed up to my face and stuck his newly-wet cock in my mouth. I see why he wanted me to taste; I was actually pretty sweet, which I had never realized before. Bill also had a nice cock that I enthusiastically tried to gag over and over. Soon, I felt a big hand grip my hip and Eric's cock tease and enter my pussy. "Oh fuck she's tight," he says.

He fills me up completely, and starts railing me, hitting all the right spots. I could feel myself dripping all over him again. He just plows me harder, making my whole body bounce and my head naturally move up and down Bill's cock. Eric asks Bill to move so he can flip me over, and he obliges. He puts me exactly as I was when they first saw me, ass up and face down with my arms behind my back. "I believe this was how you wanted it?" taunted Eric. Bill's cock was already in my mouth beneath me before I could verbally respond. Eric fucks me from behind, but starts using his thumb to play with my ass. 

My guard was all the way down after that last orgasm. My ass also had already been teased...and it must have been ready when Eric said, "Oh my..." as his entire thumb disappeared inside. "Bill, you're gunna like this one." Then he explains to me, "He's an ass man, you see." I look up nervously at Bill, who is looking down at me with an evil, dirty grin. For whatever reason, the scared look I gave him seemed to excite him, as I felt his cock grow fatter in my mouth. 

The two men switched positions again, this time with Eric underneath and Bill behind me. Eric began tongue wrestling with me, which really got me going again after the switch. Fuck, he tasted amazing. He slipped his fat cock back inside my eager little pussy, and I rode him as Bill watched and prepared...

I was sitting up and bouncing on Eric when Bill grabbed me by the hair roughly and pushed me down onto Eric. Eric started fucking me slower but deeper, as I felt Bill's warmth against my ass. Bill applied pressure to my asshole, which was already slick from all the wetness they had conjured from me. Eric stayed still as Bill gently pushed into my tightest hole. I let out a little yelp yet again, but this time, he was much further in than the ghost. 

Eric was hitting my G-spot with his slow and deep thrusts, and with each thrust I relaxed. Bill was suddenly buried in my ass; I could only tell by the sound of his hips ramming my cheeks--I was no longer in this world. I could hear Bill moan behind me, and he starts fucking harder. Once again, I am beside myself, and I only vaguely recall yelling "oh my god oh my god" over and over again as my two smallest holes were filled simultaneously. Bill pulls my hair again, yanking my neck back so he can bite my neck as he fucks my definitely, no-longer virgin ass. Eric grabs and plays with my bouncing tits roughly as I feel his enormous cock slip in and out of my drenched pussy. 

Bill sunk his teeth into the back of my shoulder as I felt his cock get bigger in my ass, causing me to yell expletives. 

Unsure if this was more of a statement or a question, he says in my ear, "I'm going to cum in your ass, yes?" It sounded too good to be true, so of course I said desperately, "Yes please yes! Please cum in my virgin ass." He responds, "Oh god this is your first anal fuck? You dirty little slut! You're gunna like this." 

Then he and Eric fuck me in sync! My eyes roll to the back of my head, and I drool all over Eric down below me. Bill puts two hands around my neck and shoves himself all the way into my ass and stays there, with a strong grunt I feel the cum explode deep into my tight little ass. It immediately spills out with nowhere else to go. Eric keeps fucking my pussy even though Bill is stationary with his cock still in my ass. I am in pure bliss and I feel myself tip over again into orgasm, but this time I can't hold back my yelling and screaming, begging for him to fuck me harder. Bill started fucking his own cum into my ass, which brought me to the other side. Eric was right behind me, as I neared the end of my orgasm. As I finish dripping all down his cock and balls, he easily lifts me off of him and cums onto my clit instead of inside. It drips down my thighs, meeting the other cum that is dripping down my ass cheeks.

The three of us roll over next to each other on my bed and pass out almost immediately. Well, mostly they were on top of me, as two large men and a small lady don't exactly fit in a twin.

The next morning, Bill and Eric were gone! I remembered them falling asleep with me, but I did not recall them leaving my bed. I got out of bed and put on my slippers and some sweatpants, since I had nothing on but my camisole from the night before. I looked around and saw their beds were made and their bags were gone. Could it have all been a dream?

I turned to the window and saw rain downpouring with big, heavy raindrops battering the glass. Feeling awfully forlorn upon realising the weather made for a poor day to explore and about my missing fun buddies, I took a stroll through the house and found myself at the front desk. The host was there working on something; he looked up at me and gave a charming smile, "Did you sleep well miss?" 

I nodded and gave a shy smile in return. He was quite attractive, with his smile, strong jaw, and dark eyes. He had short, spikey black hair and was tall and thin, but still muscular. He just wasn't big and burly like the other two guys I fucked last night--thinking about that image made my cheeks flush and the host seemed to notice. "Is there...something you need, miss?" His voice was deep yet airy, an odd combination.

"Um...actually, I was curious if you saw the two guys who were in my room from yesterday. We were... hanging out, and they didn't even say goodbye," I said innocently.

A small frown crossed his face and I saw his eyes flicker up to the corner of the ceiling, but he immediately refixed his gaze on me and smiled again. "I am sorry to hear about your friends. My records say here that they only booked a single night. So they must have left. Could I interest you in some tea to cheer you up?"

"Thank you, yes that sounds wonderful, actually! I am really not super sad. I didn't know them well after all..." I said.

He walked to the kitchen and I followed, where he proceeded to make Earl Grey tea for us both while we chatted for some time. He was very mysterious, and he refused to give any information other than the fact that the hostel was also his home. He only added that it had always been his dream to open a place that welcomed travelers of all types. While he seemed cheery as I primarily spoke of myself, the purpose of my trip, etcetera, a dark look flashed over his eyes when he asked me, "So, how was your first night here, after all?"

I felt embarrassed, unsure of what to say and suddenly wondering if I had made too much noise. Definitely made too much noise, but best to play dumb. "Well, the bed was comfortable...I can't really think of any improvements you could make. Although, I wouldn't mind a change of sheets..."

He sat on the edge of his seat, "Oh? That is odd, I didn't expect patrons to need a change of sheets after a single night. I hope everything was...alright." 

He seemed...angry? Tense? Hungry? I started to feel uncomfortable because the look on his face not only scared me, but it also made the blood rush to my cheeks. I didn't even notice that I had started to bite my lower lip, and the look on his face only intensified.

"You can't bite your lip like that," he said with a low, husky voice.

"Um...sorry? M-maybe I should go..."

"No. Come. Follow me," said the host. He stood up, extended his hand, which I reluctantly took before following him down the hall.

My heart raced as he all but dragged me up a spiral stair case. Why was his hand so cold? As soon as we got to the top, he grabbed me by the waist and pinned me against a dark, wooden door. He moved into my space, getting really close to my face and causing my mouth to salivate against my will. 

"You think you can just waltz around my house wearing this tiny shirt with no bra, bite that delicate bottom lip of yours, and act all innocent? No. You know exactly what you're doing--you get excited when you're scared and embarrassed and out yourself in precarious situations. Because you like it. I can see it in the way you're biting your lip again, and I saw it last night," he whispered. 

My head started spinning, trying to wrap my mind around what he said. Giving my true feelings away, my hands had a mind of their own, as they touched his chest and ran down his sides. He gave a low, oddly familiar groan. Heat rushed to my cheeks. 

"Oh my god," I looked up at him with so much confusion and horror. Everything clicked. The Host...was the ghost!

He pressed his body up against me before I had a chance to react and push away. He groaned, "Yesss, it was me who first brought you onto your knees, and left you dripping from all of your holes, begging for more." 

When I didn't shy away and stayed where I was, he started playing with the strings on my sweatpants. "But we were...interrupted. There was nothing I could do, not without revealing myself or ruining my business or losing your potential interest forever." He banged his fist on the door next to my face, making me jump. I felt so conflicted! I felt mystically drawn to this odd man-ghost-being, but he was clearly crazy, especially after what happened next.

After the host banged the door, some muffled groans came from the room. My head turned to face the door, and I looked back at the host, eyes wide. "What the hell was that?!" I exclaimed.

He looked down at me with his dark eyes and grinned. His face had a calm yet dominant expression as he gently tucked a strand of my hair behind my ear. 

"I don't usually enjoy sharing. I especially do not enjoy feeling like I have to take what I want from you, when you give it to others so freely, as you did last night."

"But I—" I tried to interrupt, unsuccessfully.

He put a cool finger to my lips and said, "As much as I'd love to hear your thoughts, I'm afraid the other guests have been waiting for you for quite some time. This time, you will have a choice." He sneered at me as he inserted an old key into the red lock on the edge of the door, turned the key, and pushed the door open. 

The room beyond the door was circular and lit only by the light from the overcast clouds behind a single window. This room was within the tower of the old house. To my horror and shock, I found Eric and Bill each sitting in chairs completely naked with their mouths open and eyes wide. They were positioned in the chairs as if they were tied down, but there were no ties. After a panicked moment, I gathered that our host was using his infinite, invisible tendrils to hold them down. 

I was speechless, but I had to speak! Before I was able, the host spun around with his arms out like a ringmaster and gave the following speech. 
