 Amber ran through the rain soaked streets. The dark streets ahead of her were every so often lit up by a blinding flash of lightning. She was hurring because she was late. Her umbrella was already ripped apart by the wind and she was trying desperately not to slip on the wet cobblestones as she ran in her black heels. The wind and rain were driving into her face now. She decided to slip into a small sheltered alleyway to get out of the rain.

It was eerily quiet here. It felt drier; the tall narrow walls of the alley protected her from the worst of the weather. She walked deeper into the dark alleyway listening to the echo from the click of her heels against the ground. There was a soft yellow warm light up ahead, she continued walking towards it. When she got nearer she was surprised to see that the light was from an old shop. It occurred to Amber that this was a strange place to have a shop as there were no other shops around; also it was unlikely that people would walk down here. Never the less the shop was there.

"Old Tom's Curiosity Shop" the worn sign above the shop window said. She walked closer and pressed her face against the window to look in. There where old nik naks of every sort displayed in the window. There were old books covered in dust, there was an old guitar, an old 1930's radio, but one thing in particular caught her eyes. Near the centre of the display were the most beautiful pair of high heel pumps she ever saw in her life. Their dark blood red colour seemed to stand out and contrast with the dreariness of the other items on display. The long slender sexy heels filled her with a thrilling excitement. These shoes didn't look old at all. They looked like expensive finely made shoes. The dark shine of them filled her with temptation; she imagined what she would look like in them, with her long lushious legs. The shoes seemed to speak to her, they invited her to try them on, she felt intoxicated as she looked at them. She pulled her face away from the window, and opened the door to the shop and went inside.

A bell rang to announce her presence. The shop was bursting to the seams with items, books and antique furniture most of it in disrepair, but some of it was beautiful. The air seemed to be thick with dust. At the back of the shop behind a counter was a man. 

He was dressed in a fine suit, the kind that seemed like it came from the same period as all the antique furniture in the shop. The suit was fitted to his slim figure. His piercing eyes fixed on hers as he said, "Good evening madam," in a very charming English accent, "is there anything I can do for you?" "Perhaps madam would like a towel to dry her hair with?" he said as he walked around the counter.

"Why yes please," she replied, "you are ever so gracious." He handed her a white towel. 

As she dried off her long red hair she asked could she try on the shoes in the window. "Of course madam," he said.

"I've never heard of this shop before," she said as he went to the display on the window.

"It's been here for hundreds of years," he replied as he lifted the red shoes from the display. "I must warn you madam that these shoes aren't like any other shoes you can buy; they have a mind of their own."

"What do you mean a mind of their own," she laughed as she put the towel she was using to one side.

"They are cursed," he said as he looked at her strangely. "They control the person who wears them; they tap into their deepest darkest desires and make that person act out those desires."

"Really?" she said half laughing, "umm, they sound interesting I want to try them."

"Ok madam, but remember I have warned you," he said, "we can go in the back room where there is a chair you can sit on." "May I take your coat?" he asked.

"Please," she smiled.

He took her coat and hung it on an old coat hanger in the corner of the shop. 

"This way madam," he said as he held out his arm to guide her into the next room. 

The room he brought her to was dark and full of many fine antiques. It was lit by a small lamp on a desk and partly by a sky light in the ceiling. "Wow so many beautiful things," she said to him.

"Yes I've been a collector and my father was a collector and his father was a collector before him," he said as she walked around the antiques admiring them.

A large mirror at the back of the room made the room look bigger than it actually was. The frame of it was finely made with delicate woven patterns.

"Now madam you can sit here," he said as he pulled a chair out for her. She sat down on the chair. "Please slip off your shoes madam."

She was wearing black high heeled pumps and black nylons, which were now wet. She reached down and slipped off her shoes and placed them to one side. She could hear the storm and howling wind outside.

He got down on his knees in front of her, and softly lifted one of her feet, he fitted the shoe unto her foot. 

Amber felt a strange effect come over her when the first shoe was placed on her foot. She began to think of all sorts of naughty dirty things, things she wouldn't dream of doing, though in her head they were now a possibility. There was an array of possibilities in front of her, but only at the corner of her mind. Never the less the effect was noticeable.

When he had fitted the second shoe the thoughts became more intense. She felt very aroused now, she could feel a slight sensation in her clit. It occurred to her that what he was saying about these shoes might actually be true.

She stood up. The feeling of extra height made her feel tall and sexy. She looked down at the heels on her feet, how gorgous they looked. She was dizzy now, but still she surprised when her feet started to move by themselves. They turned and danced gracefully across the room, she was aware that some part of her mind may be carrying out the action but she wasn't sure which part, everything felt fractured and disordered.

Amber had now forgotten all about the shopkeeper who was standing beside her admiring her as she moved. 

She looked at the woman in the mirror at the back of the room, surprised to see her posing in her new heels, pouting her lips and blowing a kiss towards the mirror. The figure in the mirror was now swaying her hips slowly and seductively from side to side. She ran her hands allover her body, enjoying every single bit of the sensation, mesmerised by the woman in the mirror.

She felt so hot, so horny as she watched the woman in the mirror. A wet patch had begun to form on her panties. The thought occured to her that she would look so much better if she could see her long slender legs in the red heeled shoes alone with no tights at all. Her heels clicked as she bent over and lifted up her skirt, she loved the feeling of the wet tights being pulled down her legs. She watched the woman in the mirror as she slowly pulled her nylons down, slipping one shoe off then the other.

Suddenly; the feeling was gone, why was she on the ground, with her tights half off her?

She looked up and saw herself in the mirror, she was shocked. She was squatting on the floor with her tights around her ankles and the shoes she had tried on beside her. The shop keeper was standing over her grinning with his arms folded. She stood up abashed, and pulled her tights up. 'I really don't know what came over me sir'. She said red faced. 'I did explain madam; these shoes aren't like any others'. They control the wearer, they will give you great pleasure, but the cost of that pleasure is that you will not be in full control. The shoes will be in control. If you accept these shoes they will slowly but surely erode any virtues you have, and fill your life up with vice. These shoes can be seen as a curse or a gift!' he said as he picked them up.

The scent of leather from the shoes aroused her as he held the shoes in front of her. She longed to have them back on her feet. She was already feeling a deep sense of loss as she stood up. 

"But I'm terrified of the idea of not being in control," she said.

"Then these aren't for you" he said as he walked away. Straight away she regretted saying that she was frightened.

"No!" she said as she caught his arm. She needed these shoes, she thought. "Please, I will pay anything for them," she begged. 

"I'm sorry he said, I don't think you could handle them. In any case I have no intention of selling them to you." 

"Please, I must have them, I will do anything for them," she pleaded as she fell to her knees and hugged his leg to prevent him from walking out of the room. She was surprised at herself but pressed on regardless, she was already addicted to the drug like effect of the shoes. He looked down on her with pity in his eyes. 

"Well ok," he said. "These shoes are priceless; you can't buy them with money. You will have to earn the right to wear these shoes," he said. 

"What must I do sir?" she said as she looked up at him, the eye shadow she was wearing was smeared. 

"You must prove that you can obey these shoes at all times, that you are worthy to wear them. These are not for some innocent little girl. In order to prove that you can wear them you must carry out an act of debasement, an act of sluttyiness if you like?"

"I will do anything you ask sir" she said submissively. 

"I want you to zip my trousers down, reach in, then; take my cock out, and then madam, I want you to use your mouth and pleasure it," he said as he looked down on her.

"But I'm married; surely you wouldn't ask me to do such a thing?"

"That is the price you have to pay," he said.

She thought about it a second: at least no one would ever know what she had done.

"Ok; I'll do it." Her mouth felt dry as she said the words.

She knelt down on the floor in front of him. Her hand slowly and tentatively reached up and unzipped him, she reached in and freed his cock. It was hard already. She could smell it. She couldn't believe that she was about to suck the cock of a complete stranger in a dinghy shop down an alleyway. 

She squeezed gently at the bottom of his 6 inch shaft moving very close to his cock, breathed on it slightly, and then with her tongue she tasted him. It tasted salty and bitter not pleasant at all, but she forced herself to continue.

"Ummm, that's it you naughty little girl," he said grinning at her.

She began at the bottom of his shaft and began to lick slowly upwards, she spread her saliva over his cock with her hand until it was dripping wet, all the time looking into his eyes. Despite herself she enjoyed the slippery sliding feeling of her hands gliding on his cock.

"You are a nasty dirty slut aren't you ," he said as he could hear the slapping sound of her wanking him.

"Yes I am," she replied obediently. She ran her tongue around the rim of his cock the salty pre-cum tingled on her tongue. Then she took his whole cock in her mouth and held it there and moaned.

"Oh god, you are such a good cock sucker." 

Amber bent her neck to take more of his cock. She struggled to take all of his cock in her mouth. She turned her head and watched herself in the mirror. Her hair and clothes were messed up, she felt guilty as she watched herself in the mirror sucking this strangers cock. She felt degraded as she looked at the woman in the mirror, she was glad her husband didn't know. But at the same time there was a certain pleasure in being a complete slut she thought. Everyone thought she was so respectable, none of her friends would imagine for second what she was doing now. She felt like a dirty whore and she decided that she liked the idea that it was her secret.

She moved her mouth up and down on his cock, she could hear his groans grow loader, she realised that she too was groaning around his cock. His cock twitched all of a sudden and she felt a warm gushing feeling moving down her throat. "Aggghhh!," he said.

"Now I want you to clean it," he said.

"Yes sir," she said as she began licking the cum from the shaft of his cock. She cleaned it quickly and hungrily, making load slurping noises as she did so.

"That's it," he said, "finish eating your meal like a good slutty madam."

She grunted a reply as she now tried to stop the cum from dripping down her chain, she closed her eyes and swallowed the remains.

"UUmm, madam that was exquisite, the shoes, I am happy to say are yours," he said, "I'll put them in a box for you' he said as he zipped himself up. He left her kneeling there, not giving her the slightest attention and walked into the front of the shop. She looked at herself in the mirror, her hair was tussled, and she tried to clean herself up as best she could. She wiped the cum dribbling down her chin. As she looked at herself she thought that what she had just done was the naughtiest thing she ever did in her life. She turned and followed him into the front of the shop.

He held out a bag with a box in it. "Here you go Madam. I hope you enjoy your purchase, it was a pleasure doing business with you", he smiled. She grabbed the bag. "I don't feel good about myself, I feel I've cheated on my husband." She said without looking into his eyes.

"But you enjoyed it didn't you, you enjoyed releasing your inner slut, and these shoes will help release it again," he said.

"I've got to go now," she said, "I'm late for my husband, he will be wondering where I've got to." She turned around and walked towards the door, moving faster the closer she got.

"We'll see each other again soon," he shouted after her as she slammed the door. She ran down the alleyway wanting to get away from the shop as quicky as possible.

She was halfway down the alleyway when she realised she had forgotten her coat. "Shit," she said "I have to go back for it, my husband will ask me why I don't have it." 

She stopped and turned around but there was no light, she ran back towards the shop, but no matter how much she searched she couldn't find it. It had just vanished.