 Inspector Abberline kept the handkerchief over his mouth and nose, as he smelled the musky scent of blood and death.

"Dear..." he gasped as he looked at the body. This victim was the worst so far. The body horribly mutilated and the face hacked beyond recognition. Blood was smeared all over the floor near the woman's head. He had never seen it like this before in the many weeks spent tracking down Jack the Ripper. It was as if Jack was angrier than usual, he had tortured her even worse than the others. It would take awhile to clean this mess up and write the report. Abberline would be here all day it seemed. 

Unfortunately that was what Jack wanted. This one was just a distraction while Jack went after his more important target. Jack stood on the street in front of Inspector Abberline's house. He walked up to the door and placed his hand on the knob. Just like he had done the night before, but this time he didn't have his knife out. It would be too obvious in the daylight, and he was taking a risk attempting this when someone could see him. That was why it was always done at night. But this time was different. Jack slowly twisted the handle and the door opened. He then quickly slipped inside and shut the door. It was quiet, and he liked that. Standing there quietly, Jack listened. He could hear a noise come from upstairs and he approached the staircase. Slowly, Jack made his way up the stairs. Once at the top, he looked around the corner. He saw Anne Abberline making the bed; she was the one he wanted. She was bending over slightly at the waist, her ass covered in her thin nightgown, as she straightened the bed sheets. 

Jack slowly stepped into the room, making sure he was unheard. Anne just stood there working, oblivious that Jack the Ripper, and the man that her husband had been after for 10 weeks was right behind her. He watched her body squirming around as she made the bed. She was young and beautiful, weighed about 110 pounds, and had milky white skin. Her short nightgown with thin straps hugged her body tight; the length of the dress came right up to her ass cheeks as she bent over finishing her chores for the day. The dress was short enough to show off her amazing legs. Jack was amazed at how nice her body was. It reminded him of his sister, and that's why he was here now. Jack pulled his long knife out from his trench coat and walked up to her. He grabbed a hold of her shoulder with his gloved hand and turned her around hard. 

"What the...!" Anne yelled, surprised and scared that she was not alone. When she looked, she saw she was staring into the cold eyes of a man. What scared her most was that he was brandishing a long knife, just like the one her husband always told her Jack the Ripper used. The man had a long trench coat on and a top hat that covered his long, curly black hair. His face was bony and colorless. She could see he didn't see the sun much. Yet something about him was familiar, she had seen him a few times at a restaurant her and her husband went to. The knife in his hand made her tremble as she froze; her eyes were wide with terror. Anne realized that she was with Jack the Ripper, and she thought he was going to kill her. 

*

"Get away!" She yelled lashing out at him. Jack dodged her hands and pushed her against a wooden dresser. He knew, like usual, that he had to take control of her right away, to show her there was no use fighting, that he couldn't be stopped. 

"Please stop," she cried as she held her hurt arm. Jack then hit her hard in the stomach and she doubled over in pain. Anne fell to the floor, gasping for air in heavy and uneven gulps. Jack then grabbed her by the hair. "Ahh!" She cried out. 

"There's no use fighting it, girl, but depending on how you behave, your husband might see you alive again." Jack whispered in her ear in a chilling tone. Jack wasn't going to kill her. He had a more diabolical scheme in mind. He wanted to leave her husband something to always remember him. He then ripped both shoulder straps of her nightgown and pulled it off her. Jack admired her body. Anne's breasts stood firmly from her chest. They were proportional for her body, and capped with small, pink nipples. The coldness of the room caused them to stiffen. Her skin was unblemished. Jack's wandering eyes then moved down to her trim stomach and lower. Between her thighs was a small patch of brown pubic hair, which she tried to hide with her hands. Anne saw the evil in his eyes. It was as if his eyes were burning flames. 

"The fear in your eyes is so satisfying." Jack mumbled running the long knife of his along her stomach. 

"Such a delicate flower you are." Jack said reaching out and grabbing a hold of her breast with one hand.

"No!" she yelled as this man touched her body. Jack squeezed her breast hard and then let go. 

"Shut up whore!" He yelled. Jack stood over his new victim, he liked her fighting spirit, but she couldn't stop him. He walked over to the bed and removed his trench coat and hat. Setting them on the bed, he walked back over to Anne. He had her sit up and crouched down beside her. 

Bringing the knife to her face, he waved it back and forth between her eyes. 

"Now, if you behave, I won't have to use this." He said lowering the knife to her breast. 

"I have a proposition that you will find hard to resist. Killing you and leaving your butchered corpse for your husband to discover is to fleeting revenge. I have a more permanent method of reminding your husband that I was here alone with you." 

She looked at him quizzically wondering what he meant. He continued. "You will allow me to have my way with you without any resistance and I promise that I will leave you here alive without a mark on you." She looked into his eyes incredulously.

"Yes you will allow me to have you and your husband Abberline will be able to see you alive. Will you behave?" he asked. 

Anne only took a few moments to ponder her fate. She realized she had no choice but to assuage to any of this madman's desires even on the slightest chance he would let her live.

"Yes, I'll be good!" she yelled. Jack pulled the knife away from her and smiled. 

"Good, now let's have some fun!" He slid the knife into his sheath on his belt and started feeling Anne up. Jack ran his gloved hands over her ass and squeezed the flesh, then squeezed and pulled on her breasts causing her to gasp in sadness and pain. He then ran his hand in between her legs and rubbed a finger against her clit. It made her jump slightly. Anne closed her eyes as she began to cry from his hands violating her body. She tried to block out where she was and who was touching her. She wished he would just hurry and finish with her. Jack then moved his finger past her slit and to her ass, where he violently jammed a finger into her plucked hole. 

"Ahhh!" she yelled out from the intrusion. It was painful to have his thick finger in her ass, and Jack knew it. He pulled the finger out and continued playing with her body. Jack then decided it was time to get relief. He began undoing his pants. He opened them up and let his cock sprung free. His 7-inch cock hardening as he massaged it with his hand. Anne was lying on her back, her eyes closed. Jack lay on her and began to feel her up again. He let his hands fondle her naked breasts and play with them. When Jack's mouth sucked on one of her hardened nipples, Anne gasped and shuddered, but stayed still. Jack sucked on one nipple and then sucked the other. Anne was making crying moans under her breath. She was responding to Jack's sucking. She was imagining it was her husband. It had been many weeks since her husband made love to her. Abberline had been preoccupied trying to stop this mad butcher from his killing spree.

The same man who was now molesting her.

"This is going to feel so good! To have a real man take you, not your husband Abberline!" he said as he rubbed his hard cock around her hardened nipples Then Jack moved his cock up under her nose, and across her chin. He then moved his cock up some more so his balls were resting on her chin. He rubs his cock across her forehead. Moving the cock back again, he squeezed a large glob of pre-cum and spread it across her lips. Anne kept her lips tightly sealed so not to swallow any of Jack's pre-cum. Jack then moved his head down and kissed Anne pushing his pre-cum into her mouth with his tongue.

*

" No" Anne cried past tears that were flowing down her cheeks. Of course, this would not satisfy Jack. In fact, it only heightened his lust to have more of her. He slowly moved down her body until he was face down below her breasts onto her belly. When she actually sat up in a startled position, she wailed. "What are you doing?"

Jack pinned her down again by laying on top of her. Then he slid his body lower until his head was between her legs and was able to grab her feet by the ankles and bring her legs into the air. 

He bent her legs onto her belly then said. "I'm going to lick your ass."

Anne was helpless. While Jack held her legs up, He began to lick and kiss her ankles and move lower, heading to her crotch. But once his face was in her crotch and sucking at her ass she again began to protest. "No. Not there. Please..."

So he lifted her legs so that her ass was more exposed. She stopped struggling. 

She said. "Please, please you promised me you wouldn't bite and leave any marks."

Jack knew she had given in. Jack's touches became softer and gentler. Anne no longer protested or resisted when Jack licked and kissed around her asshole, then slide his tongue in there and licked until she was moaning. Whether they were moans of pain or pleasure Jack was not sure. When Jack began to lick higher to her pussy, she didn't fight him off. She was wet, very wet. 

When Jack sucked at her clit, she was creaming, her pussy juice spilling into his mouth. He sucked her clit and then her pussy lips and got his tongue inside of her until her body was totally open. Her pussy was very exposed. There was no pain coming from Anne only sexually aroused pussy juice. 

Part of Anne was disgusted that her body was betraying her at the hands of this monster. 

But at least she would survive this ordeal to see her husband again, she hoped. Jack rubbed his hard cock between her ass cheeks and tried to push it in. Anne then she protested. "No...not there, Please. It's too big. Please...."

Jack answered. "Then put it in your other hole for me. Quick."

Amazingly, Anne reached down and guided Jack's cock to her pussy and rubbed the cock tip at her lips and then pushed it in. Jack drilled his cock deep into her with one quick entry. 

Anne cried out. "That hurts. Please, do it slow, please, don't hurt me this way. You can have me but don't hurt me." She stopped struggling then added. "Do you understand? I said you can fuck me, but don't hurt me. Please. " 

Jack moaned. "Help me then." Jack let her legs go and she wrapped them around his waist as his cock began a slow, steady, and in and out thrust. Jack felt himself building up a quick cum and slowed down. Anne had stopped tightening her pussy and legs muscles. Jack felt his cock go up to his balls in her pussy; He was all the way in her. He fucked her with his long cock, in and out, slowly. Jack could tell on each intake she was feeling pleasure. When Jack began to pound in and out, Anne was gasping, sounded very many like sexual moans. Jack knew that he could not prolong this fuck too long. Abberline her husband might come home early from the crime scene. Jack was cock deep in her when he felt her spasm, over and over. Jack began to pump harder and she continued to spasm. Her pussy tightened over Jack's cock milking it.

"I'm going to climax inside you, Anne," Jack whispered." In a few months everyone will know Jack the Ripper violated you," he said. 

Anne started to answer, "I-I will get pregnant if..." He never gave her a chance to finish; he rammed his cock into her all the way in one stroke. 

He went on, "You're right about getting pregnant. I've been spying on you for weeks tracking your periods and today's the day you'll get pregnant!" He pulled up her right leg and locked his arm under it and then did the same with her left leg raising her pelvis up so he could get even deeper into her. 

"Ready?" Jack warned.

"Don't..." she started to say but it was already too late. With deep quick thrusts to get the sperm started, Jack pushed in as deep as he could and as his body jerked out of control, he began shooting his cum into Anne's unprotected pussy.

Anne clenched her eyes tightly as she imagined carrying the unborn child of Jack the Ripper. The thought horrified her yet her body continued to climax.

"Feel it crawling inside you?" Jack taunted her." You're going to have my baby! You'll be pregnant by the time Abberline returns. It's too deep already to be washed out. I know that your faith forbids you from abortion. You will be forced to raise my child as your own. That will be my revenge." He shot spurt after spurt of hot cock juice deep into her fertile pussy .It took three minutes before both their bodies subsided. When Jack's cock fell out of her gapping pussy, 

Anne let out a sad moan.

Jack watched every movement she made, listened to every breath she takes. She was beautiful. He imagined her body expanding in the later stages of pregnancy with its swollen milk-laden breasts. 

After he finished his ritual, Jack stood up and walked over to her. She watched him coming closer and shook her head thinking that he would change his mind about her fate.

"Are you finished with me?" she whimpered.

Jack nodded putting all his clothes on but his top hat and black, long coat. The he heard the downstairs door open. Jack hadn't realized how much time he had spent in Abberline's house, and now her husband was home.

"Make a noise and you and your husband are dead," he whispered into her ear as he slowly backed away from her. Jack walked to the bedroom door and stood at the wall next to the door. Anne saw him holding the knife in his right hand, ready to stab whoever came through the door. Abberline shut the front door and called for his wife. When no one replied he figured she was out shopping or something. He then took of his coat and set it on the rack next to the door. Taking hold of the handrail, he began walking up the stairs. Just then he heard his wife.

"Don't come up, it's the Ripper," she yelled, fear in her voice. Abberline realized Jack the Ripper was in the same room as his wife and ran up the stairs. He ran into the room and saw a man holding his hand over his wife's mouth. Abberline's heart was beating heavily; this was the man he had been looking for months, the man he had been obsessed with. He saw the knife in the man's hand as he let go of Anne's mouth and leapt at Abberline. The knife was in his raised arm, as he swung it down hard. Abberline just missed the blow by stepping back. Jack swung again and sliced through Abberline's shirtsleeve. Abberline quickly reacted and threw his body at Jack. The collision knocked Jack into the wall hard. Jack held onto his knife the whole time and kicked Abberline in the stomach. He then turned quickly and pushed Abberline on top of his wife; he gasped as he landed on top of her. Jack then grabbed his hat and coat and ran out of the bedroom. 

Abberline heard him downstairs and opening the front door. 

"Are you ok?" Abberline asked his wife quickly.

"I'll be fine" she mumbled. 

Inspector Abberline then removed the gun he had in one of his clothes drawers and ran down the stairs after Jack. Once he got onto the street he saw the carriage Jack had gotten into twenty feet down the street. Seeing a carriage across the road, Abberline ran to it.

"Sir follow that carriage!" Abberline yelled climbing onto the seat next to the driver.

"Yes sir," the driver said snapping the horse reins and taking off. The two carriages raced off down the crowded streets of White chapel. Abberline watched ahead, not letting the carriage out of his sight. He then watched as the carriage rounded a corner, the Ripper leapt off and ran into a winery. Abberline ordered the driver to stop and quickly followed. 

Jack ran into the building and continued down a few minor corridors. He then immerged into a large room, filled with large caskets of wine. The whole room was crowded with the stacks and stacks of wine barrels. 

Abberline kept his guard up as he walked through the maze of barrels.

"There's no use in running, give yourself up!" Abberline yelled. He continued pass a few more barrels, and then stopped to listen. It was quiet and he couldn't hear anything besides his own heavy breathing. 

"You don't actually think you can catch me do you Inspector? No one can catch me!" the voice echoed through the room. Abberline continued along, his gun ready in his hand.

"Oh no, I don't think, I know. It's time for you to pay for the crimes you have committed."

Abberline continued.

"Crimes, what crimes? I have done nothing wrong that can be held against me. Cleansing the world of a few prostitutes, where is the crime?"

Abberline walked past another rack of wine.

"You call mutilation, rape, and murder, cleansing? You don't deserve to call yourself a gentleman; you are no better than the ruthless cutthroats polluting our streets already. As he passed another rack, he saw the end of a black coat for a brief moment. Abberline followed Jack now. 

"Yes it is cleansing Inspector, and let me tell you something, all those whores were nothing compared to your wife. She had such beautiful screams of passion. The noises she made as I raped her, I gave her so much more than you could. How is it going to feel from now on, knowing every time you two are in bed, that I fucked her too, that I filled her with my seed?" Jack laughed.

Abberline was furious, he gripped the revolver tightly as he hurried faster along the racks in search of Jack. 

"I don't know who you are, but I promise you this, I will send you to hell for all you've done!" 

Abberline said angrily. 

"Oh foolish inspector, I have been to hell and back, and let me tell you, it is a glorious place, a true heaven!" he said happily. Abberline finally stopped and crouched down as he looked around a rack. He saw a dark figure crouching behind some barrels. The knife in his hand made a soft glimmer. Abberline raised his revolver and prepared himself.

"Well I hope your prepared to go back to hell, cause that's where you going!" Abberline yelled leaping out from behind the rack and firing one shot at where Jack had been. The bullet fired into a barrel of wine and the red liquid gushed out onto the floor. As Abberline looked to his side, he just saw Jack swing at him. Before he could move out of the way, the knife hit his shoulder. It cut deeply into his flesh as Abberline cried out in pain. Abberline swung his elbow up and hit Jack in his chin. The blow knocked him back and he let go of his knife. The knife fell to the slippery floor and as Jack reached for it, Abberline kicked it out of his reach, and it slid under some barrels. Jack looked up and saw Abberline pointing the gun at him. They were both now soaked from the jet of wine spraying out of the broken barrel, as was the floor red with wine. Abberline held the gun in one hand and his other hand covered his bleeding shoulder. 

"Why don't you finish the job? Kill me!" Jack yelled wiping wine out of his eyes so he could see better.

"Why should I stoop to your level? You deserve to be put into a mental institute for your crimes." Abberline said.

"A mental Institute? Someday, men will look back on what I have done. They will say that 

I gave birth to the twentieth century!" Jack then quickly flung up his hand splashing a handful of wine into Abberline's face.
