 Chapter 1 – I need a hero

Alec sat alone in dim smoky bar sipping at a glass of whisky he had bought nearly half an hour earlier. He knew he shouldn't be drinking; it made his strange schizophrenia worse with one of his two alter ego's becoming more dominant. This time though it was the Dr Jekyll personality as he thought of it that was dominant, when that is the case you couldn't wish to meet a kinder soul. The opposite is all too often the case with Alec's evil personality resisting treatment, knowing the doctors will try and get rid of him for ever. Finally finishing his drink Alec left the bar man a generous tip and went out the door, walking round the back of the bar down a dingy alley to where he had left his car. Suddenly he heard a woman scream and he ran round the corner to see what was going on. Four men were surrounding a young woman, her clothes already slightly torn as they roughly pushed her from one to another. Acting without thought Alec ran at the four shouting at them to leave her alone. The nearest man turned to see what was going on and Alec punched him in the mouth, sending him flying backwards into one of his friends, both of them falling in a heap on the floor. Alec punched another in the mouth knocking him to the ground his head hitting the pavement hard. The fourth man was more prepared and ducked under a punch thumping him in the stomach, they squared up before Alec punched him hard in the face splitting his lip and snapping his head backwards. The two on the floor had got up and they roughly grabbed his arms, shouting at the fourth man. "Stick him and let's go". 

The man pulled a knife from out of his jacket and stabbed Alec in the chest, he felt a blinding pain before slumping to the floor, he thought he heard a mans scream of pain before everything went black. 

He awoke to find himself lying in a soft warm bed wearing only his briefs, lifting the covers he looked at his chest expecting to see bandages but instead there was no mark, if anything he looked stronger than he had previously although he felt drained and very weak. Looking round he realised he was in a plush bedroom, from the décor he guessed it was a woman's and a well off one at that, the bed was huge and very soft. The door opened and a woman walked in, it was the woman he had gone to rescue although he had not realised how beautiful she was. In fact as she closed the door and turned to look at him before crossing over to the bed with a warm smile on her face, he realised she was perfect. Her skin was creamy white without a single blemish; her hair was a dark blonde and cut short. She was wearing a white dress hooked round her neck it was very short, very revealing and left little to the imagination. It came down to halfway up her smooth rounded thighs and she walked with a sensuous powerful grace that aroused him despite his concern over his health and her. As she crossed nearer to him and sat on the edge of the bed he couldn't help glance at her breasts, pert and full making him wonder about cosmetic surgery. 

"My names Elize and they are real" she said almost as though she had read his mind, but surely she must have meant something else. "But how are you feeling my heroic saviour", she smiled slightly ironically when she said saviour and he got the impression that she hadn't needed rescuing after all. 

"I feel fine but I don't understand, I felt the knife stab into me and I could feel my life blood seeping away but now I'm unmarked, did I imagine it or am I dead." He was getting slightly hysterical but damn it he was scared, scared he was going mad. The woman reached out and touched his face, calming him down, her touch was light and he felt a slight electric shock which aroused him again, what's wrong with me I should be finding out what happened. 

"Those guys ran off after they stabbed you, I have this ability to heal you and so I brought you back here." 

He wanted to ask her what she meant by ability, was she a nurse or something if so he wanted better medical care as none of the nurses that looked after him were stacked like this. Here I go again, mentally undressing this woman is no way to thank her for saving me and she doesn't owe me anything for helping her out, I would have done the same for anyone. Again she seemed to read his mind as she spoke again, her finger sliding across his lips to stop him talking. 

"Those men were after me for a reason, you shouldn't have got involved and I feel responsible for what happened. I need to explain a little about me and my kind, please say nothing until I have finished." He found himself frozen unable to move or speak as she told her story. 

"Like 99.9% of the world you don't believe in Vampires but we do exist, those men were after me because I had fed on one of their friends and they had caught me, a silly mistake that should never happen. Do not worry, we are not like the myths, all of us are kind and considerate, the sort of people who would help someone out if they were in trouble regardless of the danger. Although I do feed I never kill my victims or indeed enslave them although I could, there is a strict code of honour and I only take enough blood to survive, the victim thoroughly enjoys the experience and I ensure that they have no memory of what happened. We rarely make another Vampire and are only permitted to do so if we find someone warm and caring, like you, I have read your emotions and I know you to be a nice person, I can also read your surface thoughts and I know I can trust you. You are fully healed, in fact you will be slightly stronger for the next few days, I can erase your memory and you will have no recollection of what has happened, or if you wish I can make you into a vampire like me and you need never worry about work or your health ever again." 

"I don't understand this" he said able to speak again, he was very turned on by this woman and he felt this was because she wanted him to be and not just because of her great body. He believed her as well although he had no idea why he should. 

"I know you want me and I want you, one of the drawbacks of being a Vampire is that I am always horny. I'm going to give you the best sex you have ever had, but first you have to make your choice. You can become like me or you can forget we ever happened." She pulled the sheet down off the bottom of the bed before crawling up the bed between his thighs, her hands slid up his bare legs, and she felt his erection through his briefs, before looking him in the eye. 

"I don't want to rush you but I need a decision." Elize returned to her tender ministrations, pulling down Alec's briefs, exposing his very hard dick. She kissed the head, and licked it gently. She swirled her lips around it, and then she drove it deep into her mouth. If he had been thinking, he would have noticed that Elize had released him from her paralysis. As she pumped his shaft with her hand and took him in and out of those red, luscious lips, Alec shook and bucked and moaned. She wasn't kidding when she said he'd have the best sex of his life, no one had ever gone down on him before, and what Elize was doing was ecstasy. Alec looked up and watched Elize working his cock. She saw him watching, as she popped him out of her mouth, she smiled again and licked her lips, she could tell he was almost ready. 

"Well what's your answer?" Quick as a flash he made his mind up, this could be his chance to be rid of his alter ego for ever. 

"Do it, make me a Vampire" She smiled briefly before her lips peeled away, exposing the delicate fangs. She took his cock lengthwise, running her tongue along the veins on the underside. Then suddenly, Alec felt a quick, sharp pain, followed by unimaginable pleasure. He came explosively, blasting over Elize's face and across her breasts. As the last drops surged forth, Alec looked up again. He watched as her tongue licked his cum from one side of her mouth, and then swept over to the other side to lick off a drop of blood. His blood. 

"Well slave?" she asked. 

"Mistress?" He replied his eyes full of worship and adoration. 

"And now, my blood slave, it's time for you to fuck me like your life depended on it." Elize's eyes glowed in the dim light, and she licked drops of blood from her lips. At the moment Alec was her total slave and would serve her unquestioningly following which she could either release him or make him like her. 

"Have you given oral sex?" she asked as she crawled next to Alec on her huge bed. "Have you ever stuck your tongue in a woman's cunt and made her scream as she came?"

"No my mistress." 

"Then you had better start learning how. Get down there and make your mistress buck and moan." 

Alec positioned himself between her legs as she spread them wide for him, totally controlled by Elise's command his only thoughts were on giving her pleasure. He thrust his tongue into her already wet body and tasted her fluids. 

"Ooh, babe," she purred. "That's it, just a little deeper now see if you can find my clit." 

Her words of command caused Alec to increase his efforts, using his fingers to help as he licked and sucked and nibbled at her. Elize raised her hips to help him reach deeper, and when, as commanded, he found her clit, she screamed. Alec was drenched with her cum as he teased her hot body. Elize bucked and thrashed about on the bed as he kept working her. Her hands slid over her stomach to caress her breasts, tweaking and teasing her left nipple with her fingers while sucking on the right. 

"Oh my God YEESS!!!!" she shrieked. "Oh God! Oh Yes! Oh Yes! OH YES YES YES YES YES YES!!!" 

Alec suddenly broke from her, overcome with lust he pulled himself up her body and thrust his cock into her warm, moist opening. Elize's eyes that had been closed in ecstasy shot open with a start, she wrapped her legs around Alec's back to pull him into her as he thrust inside her, the vampire within her moulding her body around his cock, much smaller than she was used to. After a couple of thrusts he felt her muscles clenching him inside and then clenching harder as she came. Alec lived only to serve and would give her pleasure what ever the price. The vampiric control meant that he would not get tired, and could not stop. Clutching Alec to her Elize rolled over flipping Alec onto his back and putting her on top. Alec's hips continued to thrust and drive up at her as she thrust up and down on his body grinding herself onto him. He stared briefly at her perfect breasts, larger than he had realised about a 30 - 32DD or even an E but perfectly shaped by the Vampire within her, no cosmetic surgery but they could have been sculpted from marble except they were warm and soft. He grabbed at them and squeezed them together as she continued to ride his body. Eventually and despite his protests she raised herself from him before turning round and presenting herself to his open mouth. 

"Babe, stick your tongue back in my cunt while I suck the juice out of you and when you come, I'll make you like me, so fuck me like it's the last time." 

"Yes, my mistress. I live only to serve and pleasure you." 

Elize closed her eyes again as she felt Alec's tongue dive into her body before concentrating on his hardness. After a very pleasurable but predictably short 69, she felt his body stiffen and then jerk, as a hot load of cum spewed down her throat. Not blood is was still life fluids and they both taste so much better following arousal, mixing semen and blood the best cocktail ever. Aroused victims were that much more energising and tasty, hence she was always horny and the vampiric enhancements that made her body irresistible to all. She reached up and pulled Alec down the bed until his throat was by her mouth. Her fangs sprang out and she pressed them against the artery, and gently pierced his skin. The blood gushed burning into her mouth. The rich coppery taste filling her body and firing her soul and she came again and again as she drank pure ecstasy. 

"Now, my little fuck toy, it is your turn. To become like me you too must drink." 

Elize lifted her breast up to her mouth and bit into it. That was the only problem with being a vampire the most erotic sensation was that of being bitten she would never get tired of it, even if it was her own fangs but perhaps she could persuade Alec to stick around for a bit. First things first though he needed to drink her blood to complete his conversion and she pressed her breast to his eager mouth. 

"Suck me! SUCK ME!!!" The blood lust made her vision swim and her mind go white as she felt him sucking the wound and she shook in pleasure from her millionth climax. Finally Alec collapsed onto the bed and fell into the sleep of the dead for when he awoke he would be a vampire.