 Chapter 2: Mr. Hyde

When Alec finally awoke he was alone in Elize's bed, he felt incredibly strong and more alive than he had ever felt, what is more there was no trace of his split personality, Mr Nicey was gone forever leaving only Alec's real twisted personality, he got up and spotted the note on the table next to a book. The note was from Elize explaining that she had to go out all day but she would be back early the following morning just before dawn. The note also explained that the book would explain the vampire code and what to expect. Eagerly he sat down to read the book and learnt about his enhanced physical capabilities. He learned how to transfix someone, how to arouse them and how to control them, not as the book said, he should ever do this for more than one night. He realised Elize would never have Vampirised him had she known what he was rally like, for once he had his alter ego to thank even though it had nearly got him killed. Reading on he discovered that a wooden stake through the heart would semi kill him although he would recover the moment it was removed, however if his head was chopped off while the stake was in place he really would die. A plan started to form as he finished reading. 

Elize returned to her apartment just before dawn, a big sign hung from the door to her bedroom.

"In here I have prepared a Thank You, Love Alec." Excited at the thought of her new lover she ran in to the bedroom. The sheets were pulled down and four silken ropes were tied to the corners of the bed with slip knots, by the side of the bed was an ice bucket containing a bottle of champagne, a note lay on the bed asking her to get undressed and make herself uncomfortable. She tried to sense his presence but could feel him shielding his mind, a difficult trick and impossible to maintain for long. She slipped out of her dress and lay on the bed, tying her two wrists loosely. Alec entered still shielding his mind and crossed to her, adjusting the ropes and ensuring she was well secure. He then released his shield and let her read his evil thoughts. 

"This can't be" she gasped struggling in vain against the ropes. "Your evil, I can't have made an evil vampire you'll spread your curse everywhere you go."

"That's right my little whore" he said throwing the ice bucket away and removing one of the wooden legs that he had sharpened earlier. "But first I have to feed and then make sure I don't leave any 'mess' behind when I go" 

She struggled against the ropes in terror as he crawled between her thighs, he rose above her, looked in her eyes, sending wave after wave of sexual stimulation at her until he eventually overcoming her fear and hatred of him. He could sense her blood starting to pump harder through her stunning body and could taste the endorphin her highly aroused state released into her blood. It was a situation he had been waiting to take advantage of and he lowered his head to her straining breasts kissing them passionately. He slipped one of her large hard nipples between his lips and felt her body quiver beneath him.

"Oh yes Alec, more," she whispered. "Please, more." 

Alec slid across to her other breast grazing the skin with his teeth making her jump in slight pain but over whelming pleasure. He move downward kissing a trail over her flat stomach, noting how it sank and rose faster as her breath quickened. She was incredibly aroused and he could smell it mixed with her endorphins, sharp and sensual. Alec couldn't believe he had never smelt so clearly before and wondered if his sense of taste was equally enhanced. Well, he smiled to himself, why don't I have a taste and find out. Alec flicked his tongue along her lips, before thrusting inside her. Elize's eyes that had been closed flashed open as she took a deep sharp breath. 

"Alec, your Vampire skills are.. I... ah... oooooooooh yeah..." Her head rolled back, and her hands relaxed against the ropes, and then grasped again as he found her clit much more skilfully than he had managed last night. 

"God yes! YESSSSS!!!" Elize back arched, thrusting herself at her master. She was cumming so uncontrollably, that all she could do was moan and scream in pleasure her head thrashing from side to side. Controlling commands of pleasure burst from Alec to Elize, insinuating into her mind and using far more than really required due to his inexperience. In moments, she was a willing slave to her master who owned her, body and soul. Alec's head pressed between Elize's thighs and he pricked her clit with his fangs, drawing a drop of blood, which he savoured. Elize erupted in ecstasy she loved being bitten and this was just beyond ecstasy. Alec took his time, increasing her pleasure still higher. His lips and tongue were gentle, as he drank Elize's flowing juices. He relished the taste of her bodily fluid mixed with her blood it was like drinking pure energy. 

Next, Alec grasped her breast and crushed them beneath him as he pulled himself up her body until her glorious globes were beneath him. They were firm round and voluptuous. 

"Bite me," Elize whispered. "Bite me again." 

Alec look Elize's in the eyes and saw pure lust for him shining from them. He slid a hand along her smooth flesh, reaching up to squeeze her left breast before lowering his mouth to it. He bit down making her scream in pleasure as with a gentle but insistent surge, he pierced her body again. The blood ran rich and hot, coming from so close to her heart. This time he did not stop with a single sip but took several draws. When he stopped, Elize could not stop shaking from the combination of blood loss and sexual pleasure. The final pleasure still remained and the final proof of how he had changed. He drew close to her, and asked if she was ready for him to fuck her. She blinked her eyes and nodded weakly powerless to resist. With one quick powerful thrust, he pierced her body with his now impressively sized manhood, at the same time he sank his fangs into her throat. The double violation of her weak body was too much for Elize, who screamed, followed by mindless babblings of lust. Alec and Elize bucked together, joined as they were in a sexual union fired by unquenchable blood lust. As he fed on her Alec also screamed, as he finally came explosively within her. His hot seed burned through Elize, changing her yet more as she gave herself to this god like creature. Alec had stopped drinking from her neck but was filled with energy lust and desire, he continued to thrust between her milky thighs now kissing her mouth which Elize returned with a passion that surprised him, not yet aware of the power of his erotic mind control. He lifted himself off slightly allowing him to study her perfect body while still fucking her for all her was worth. 

She really was a perfect creature tied naked beneath him and totally out of control with lust and desire. She wanted to plead for him to continue, but she knew she did not have to as Alec knew. He heard her thoughts now just as she heard his, she knew he was going to kill her, she hated herself for enjoying his ministrations even though she knew she couldn't help it. She thought of him converting hundreds of women to serve him, Alec thought of that as well, his bite would enhance them in what ever way he desired and he intended to screw every good looking bitch he came across. Eventually he had to stop, filling her one last time, the last thing she saw was Alec standing over her and placing the stake against her breast before he drove it home. It took him some time to secure the stake, he did not want to lose her yet but he couldn't chance her escaping, he knew he would have to leave her house as well but first he needed to clean up and use her computer to do some research.