 Chapter 3 -- Breaking the Law.

Madeline admired herself in the full length mirror, the man who was coming, with an unmissable business deal, would be in for a shock. According to her solicitor he was handsome, about to become very rich and even more importantly famous, just how she liked them. My god I hope he's not gay, I can't deal with gay men, they listen to what I have to say rather than look at my breasts. She moved her hands up over her stomach to squeeze them, admiring how large and firm they were. 

She was wearing her favourite tight red dress. Attached at the back of her neck it ran down leaving a diamond gap showing off her heaving breasts and cleavage and then joining back together at her lower back. The dress was very tight and short, ending just below her tight backside. The thing Madeline is most proud of is that she hasn't had any surgery, didn't need it, her body was near perfection and real. The doorbell went and she glanced at her watch he was bang on time, Harry would be showing him into the sitting room, getting him a drink, leave him another ten minutes, don't want to seem easy meat do we.

- Earlier -

Alec had researched his next victim carefully, an ex playboy model she had been the hottest item of news for about two weeks then she had married some rich tycoon, so old he was nearly dead. She was just twenty and her husband was 98, six months later he was dead, the only surprise was he lasted that long. The family contested the will for five years, he had left them next to nothing, all the rest had gone to her and why not people thought, even six weeks would have been worth it. Now she was twenty six, gorgeous, very rich, single and by all accounts a bit of a bitch. Every week she appeared on the arm of some fashionable bloke, filling gossip columns inches. 

The important things for Alec though, she is rich, she has a huge well protected mansion and she was gorgeous, a perfect partner and a perfect base. He didn't dare ring her from Elize's house, he didn't want a missing person investigation leading straight to his new home. Firstly he found out where her solicitors were based and then made his way over to their office and mentally scanned the women leaving that night. 

He had been their thirty five minutes when he spotted the one, she was tall with long blonde hair, great legs and from what he could say a great pair of tits as well. She was dressed in a business suit although her boots seemed to go a lot higher than might be considered proper. She was a lawyer at the firm although a quick mental scan identified that she was still fairly junior. 

He exercised a new talent and sent a mental summons to look over, amazingly she did and their eyes met briefly before she looked away embarrassed. While he had eye contact he sent waves of sexual desire towards her but had it been for long enough, she went to walk away and then looked back, this time he held her gaze, smiled and walked towards her.

"Heidi hello again it's me Alec." All the while he spoke he kept his gaze locked and transmitted feelings of sexual longing, new to this he had no idea how much he had to do but he certainly didn't want to under play it. Closer up she was very attractive, with blue eyes, straight blond hair and a body that looked like it would need little vampiric enhancing. 

"It's so nice to see you again, perhaps we could go somewhere and talk?" He continued. "Let's go to my place." She breathed hardly believing herself, she was feeling very strange, disconnected and not in control, all she knew for certain was that she really wanted this man and she wanted him hot, dirty and as soon as possible. 

"Then you shall!" he said almost in answer to her unspoken thoughts and hailed a taxi. 

Almost straight away they started kissing and he bit down on her lower lip, the slightest of nips he took a tiny amount of her blood before licking his tongue over the cut and sealing it. That was enough though and he knew she was his, her hand pressed down hard on his rock iron rod pressing him through his clothes as they continued to passionately kiss each other. 

They soon arrived at her apartment and she took his hand and led him straight into her bedroom, in a moment she had turned and was kissing him passionately, thrusting her tongue into him with provocative abandon. He kissed her, running his hands over her back, waist, and buttocks. He squeezed her bottom and drew her hips into him. Not that he needed to as she ground her waist into his groin. 

Breaking their kiss he sat on the bed and commanded her to undress. She slipped out of the suit and was soon stood before him in only her knickers, boots that did indeed reach mid thigh and her black scarf. 

Stopping her from removing anymore he stood up quickly taking his own clothes off before grabbing her scarf and pulling her to him. He kissed her passionately their tongues fencing with each other as he ground his massive shaft into her. He reached down and ripped her knickers from her making her gasp in pleasure. He threw her back onto the bed before diving on top and filling her with his shaft, no time for niceties this was a woman he wanted to fuck good and hard. 

She screamed as he filled her, his mouth drawing first on her neck before sliding down to caress her right breast. Her nails dug into his shoulders as she came violently. His fangs sprang out and he bit into the fleshy base of her breast causing another orgasm to rip through her just as the last one started to die down. 

He fucked and fucked her, she rolled on top of him at one point hammering herself onto her masters body, her only thoughts to service this god that was in her bed. His hands slid up over her soft smooth stomach before grasping her delicious breasts massaging them in time with her thrusting hips. He pulled himself upright, his mouth suckling on her breasts again waiting until he sensed her nearing another orgasm before biting down increasing her already immense pleasure. 

On and on they went, she broke from him before sliding her gorgeous hot body down his, trapping his massive shaft between her breasts. Using both her hands in conjunction with her mouth she gave him a very pleasurable blow job, and then another and another until it was Alec's turn to scream out in ecstasy. 

He still wanted her though and he rolled back on top to fuck her again. Her still human body was approaching its limit and as he filled her again he knew he would soon have to convert her or she was in very great danger of being screwed to death. He tried to stop and explain to Heidi that he was going to kill her if they didn't stop soon but she didn't care. Her hands clutched at his shoulders as she screamed 

"Yes Master, fuck me, fuck me harder, fuck me deeper, fuck me till I die from it, I don't ever want to stop feeling you buried deep inside of me!" She was a sexual dynamo, even as a human her sexual appetite and stamina matched Elize and it was that thought which prompted him to carry out the conversion. He sunk his teeth into her throat, the resulting orgasm and blood loss causing her heart to skip beneath him where his chest pressed down on her firm breasts.

"Quickly my gorgeous sex slave, drink from me." He commanded while opening a cut on his wrist and pressing it to her lips. 

Like a new born she instinctively knew what to do and suckled at him, pleasuring him to the heights of earlier until he felt her leave him. Exhausted he went to the kitchen to have a drink. 

Heidi awoke and immediately felt the changes in her new and powerful body. She ran her hands over her firm breasts even more perfect than they were before, every minor blemish had gone, every inch of her body toned and as she ran her hands between her thighs, so ready for more sex with her master.

Hearing him in the kitchen she got up and ran to him. He is sat in the big easy chair and she crosses to where he is sat before crouching down before him, probably the sexiest thing Alex has ever seen.

"Master, may I fuck you some more by way of thanks for giving me this magnificent body?" 

"It was magnificent before." Alec managed to croak as his body reacted to the arousal signals she was omitting without even being aware of it. 

She reaches her left hand up to touch his body and he spreads his legs, allowing her ample room between them. She strokes his shaft with her left hand while her right squeezes his upper thigh. She presses the ends of the scarf into his hands as she slides her tongue and lips over his purple bulbous head before eventually engulfing him in her warm wet mouth. She had given him a blowjob only minutes earlier but already the vampire within had enhanced her talents, her lips felt like electric and when she slid her fangs along his length he came explosively within her mouth. Her cheeks bulged but somehow she managed to swallow every last drop without missing a beat, he tipped his head back and moaned in pleasure as she continued to work on him, her hands squeezing his gonads in time with her mouth. 

He came twice more before standing and leading her back into the bedroom, using her scarf like a leash he lay on the bed as she spread his legs for her, allowing her to continue her incredible blow jobs. After two more he pulled on the scarf guiding her as she slides her magnificent body up over his until she crouched over his manhood, her hands holding him upright and still massaging him as she lowered that body onto him and started a rocking piston motion that felt sooo good. He looked up at her body on top of his, those lush smooth thighs spread round him, that firm flat stomach and her incredible enhanced breasts hardly moving as she powers herself onto him. 

He yanked on the scarf pulling her down onto him, feeling those breasts press into his chest as she kisses his mouth and ears before sliding her lips over his throat. She bites into his neck and he explodes within her, his hands sliding down her back to squeeze her delicious behind as she drinks a little of his blood, the combination of her masters blood using her incredible fangs and the god that is buried between her thighs causing one hell of a draining orgasm to rip through her again. 

Her lips travel down to bite his chest drinking a little more of his blood as they orgasm together again and again until she felt even more drained than when he had made her. 

Alec was tired as well however he had to show this minx who was boss, he rolled her onto her back and thrust himself inside her once again using her scarf like reins as he fucked her as deep and as hard as he could. Despite the fact that she felt totally drained their power kept them both aroused and they both orgasm several more times before passing out. 

Although Alec's intention was for Heidi to arrange for Maddy to see him he was in no rush, the next couple of weeks he and Heidi explored a vampires ability for pleasure. Every inch of her body was perfection and her mind was filthy, they fucked each other in every room and in every position pretty much every chance they got. 

They would fall asleep fucking and as soon as either of them awoke they would fall on the others body. They even spent a week in the plushest hotel in town. Alec went out to feed and when he came back she was sat on a step by a pillar wearing a short beige skirt slit up to her hip on the left and a matching bikini top. She wore a diamond necklace that Alec had acquired for her and the diamond hung perfectly between her breasts. Her hands rested on her thighs that parted ever so slightly as she smiled at him showing off her fangs. 

Alec had never in his wildest dreams imagined anything as sexy as this and he ripped off his clothes before sinking to his knees before her. His hands rested on her knees gently but firmly spreading her thighs before pausing to kiss and suck them. She moaned very gently as his lips and tongue slid along her lush thighs, he paused to sink his razor sharp fangs into the very tops of her smooth white thighs causing her to thrust her hips at him and grab his hair. 

Never one to disappoint and unable to resist the aroma he delved his tongue into her body, the taste of her fluids almost as arousing and energising as her blood. His hands slid down under her firm buttocks squeezing and lifting to give him better access to her body, as he delved her sweet juices, he soon brought her to a shattering orgasm followed quickly by a second and then a third. 

She slid down the step as Alec reached up and yanked her bikini top off exposing lush breasts which he quickly smothered with his hands. Her thighs were over his shoulders as he continued to pleasure her body this allowed him to look up and see her breasts before him as he squeezed and teased them. 

It was time for Alec now though and he stood, taking her hands and hauling her up onto the step he turned her round and pressed her body into the cold marble pillar, the feel of it under her breasts exciting her still further. He thrust himself into her as he pressed her head into the marble with one hand and bit down on the back of her neck. Heidi screamed in pleasure and then screamed again as Alec flowed within her. 

They broke off and Heidi sat Alec down on the step and slid her glorious body down on top of him. She threw her bikini top round the pillar allowing her to use it to ride Alec's piston shaft. He sucked on her rigid nipples and sunk his fangs into the fleshy parts of her breasts and they came and came until they both collapsed exhausted. 

In the end it was easy for Heidi to arrange for Madeline to see him, his slave would do whatever he wanted, although usually it was for her to suck on his cock whenever he felt at all stressed. She came home from work and told him the good news.

"Madeline has agreed to see you at her mansion at 7.30 tonight." 

That gives me two hours to get ready thought Alec, more than enough time as he looked Heidi in the eye. She was wearing a crop top that went right to her neck. Not her most alluring thought Alec as he ripped a great piece off from the neck to her breasts revealing ample amounts of the body beneath.

"Heidi, I want you to give me the best blowjob of your life. You will be rewarded with your master's come." 

"Oh, yes, master!!!" Heidi said eagerly. She knelt, unfastened his pants, and removed his cock. It wasn't erect, although he could have helped her out by willing it hard. He wanted Heidi to do all of the work as this would be one of the last things she did for him for a while. 

She gently took his cock into her mouth. She kneaded it with her tongue and cheeks, sucking steadily. The woman knew what she was doing, and he quickly hardened in her mouth. Well lubricated with Heidi's saliva, Alec's cock glistened as she removed it from her mouth. She licked slowly around the head and behind the sensitive rim causing him to shiver as the sensation shot through his body. Heidi's tongue flicked around the tip and rim for -- not long enough. She opened her mouth and bobbed her head along the length of his cock with slow, even strokes. 

The suction on his cock was incredible. He didn't feel the back of her mouth, but the suction she applied made her mouth feel like a wet sheath for his dick. Heidi pulled her head away from her work and looked at Alec with complete devotion. Her tongue wiped away the pre-cum oozing from the tip, making him shiver again. She licked slowly from the base towards the tip. She paused, smiled at him and engulfed his rigid shaft once again. She was trying to pull it free from his body by sucking it off. 

Heidi sped up her strokes, as Alec grabbed her head and started to powerfully fuck her mouth before he was finally overwhelmed by the sensation of her hot, wet, and very tight, mouth. His hips bucked, cock twitched, and Heidi's cheeks bulged with her masters come. She sucked greedily at the fluid that pulsed from it as Alec moaned loudly.

"Ohhh, yesss, baby! Suck it and swallow it all!!!" Heidi continued to bob her head, but she was now milking his cock with her hand. When he had finally finished, Heidi wiped the come from around her lips where it had seeped out. She looked up at Alec with a lewd smile and sucked on her fingers, getting every last drop he had just let go.

"Very good, Heidi. Yes, you have pleased your master greatly. You are very tired and I will leave you soon, but you must join me at Maddy's mansion in two days time." 

Heidi's eyelids drooped, she lazily sat, then lay on the floor. Her eyes closed, and she was asleep.