 "...so yeah if you're new in town, I happen to be one of the experts on local landma..." Amalia tried to pay attention as the small town hick gave out his spiel. He tried to explain why she should let him take her for a tour around town... while his eyes remained hopelessly glued to her considerable cleavage. But there was something off about the whole situation. She felt like an ant under a magnifying glass. And with every second she came closer to...

He was staring at her, sitting against the worn diner counter that awkwardly took up at least 50% of the space. The diner itself looked like it hadn't been renovated since 1975 and the faded green and white paint had chipped and faded away like a discarded peppermint. The quaint atmosphere seemed to drain like blood out of the room as his sunken eyes observed her. His gaze was clinical. Like a biologist before a dissection. Or a mortician before a cadaver. He wore simple black business suit with a tie with a single white stripe down the middle. They pressed and ironed perfectly, a kind of look that even the best dry cleaners couldn't match. He looked like a G-Man from an old 80's horror flick. She knew it was probably nothing, but every part of her body felt like a caged animal. 

She swallowed hard, preparing to bolt from her seat and race out of the diner as fast as she could. But, the instant she turned, she felt something touch her wrist. Ice-cold and incredibly smooth. It felt like wax figure. She turned and there he was. His face now twisted in a sick facsimile of a smile, his flesh parted like folds of pig fat. 

"Hello, Amalia. We've been waiting for you." He gestured for her to sit and despite herself, she found her body moving against her will, slowly lowering back down onto the worn red leather stool. 

"We? Who...who are...?" Within seconds, a tall chocolate milk was lying on the counter directly next to her. It seemed ridiculous, but the milk itself seemed ominous. The thick liquid bubbling with sinister intent. 

"A group with an opportunity for a young woman. Such as yourself. Drink." His voice was normal, almost friendly. It felt...forcibly reassuring. Like a laugh track. 

"I don't think I..."

"Drink." His voice dropped immediately. The veneer of cheer drained slowly from his lips. This was not a request. This was a threat, and even though she didn't understand what was going on, she found herself bringing the glass to her lips before she even realized she was doing it. 

"There. Now can you at least tell me what's...what's..." Her vision began to twist. The diner walls began to strip, peeling layer by layer. And the man was...growing taller and thinner with every second. Whoever or whatever he was, she knew what was happening. She was drugged. 

She ran from the stool, tripping slightly before closing herself into the safety of the Women's Washroom. She turned towards the mirror and looked at herself for a moment. In the reflection stood a young black woman, her curls reaching the start of her shoulders. Her skin was a light caramel, which contrasted with the large dark circles that were etched underneath her eyes. She hadn't gotten much sleep since she had started touring with her book. Despite this, she was still quite attractive. Her heavy hourglass figure was accentuated in the bright floral printed sundress she was wearing. Her breasts were barely held inside the fabric but this was a recent problem considering she was just resized for a 36F. The bottom of the skirt flowed out into wide, womanly hips and a dramatically curved ass that she'd always been quite proud of. For a moment, she was fooled into thinking everything was normal.

That is until she saw the lump bulging near her wrist...

At first, she thought it was a bruise from when he grabbed her. That is, until it started pulsating and moving steadily up body. 

Spreading like a disease. 

Her skin began to inflate and distort, her dress shredding as her flesh poured out in endless waves. 

Then everything went dark...

"Mroghth... Chernagalaka...roktalata..." She tried to focus as her vision slowly began to focus. 

"It was a dream, it was one crazy fucking dream." She thought. 

At least, until she saw them. 

Draped in long black cloaks with sharp pointed tops. Near the top of the cloaks was a hole, spiraled out like four tentacles with a dark black circle in the middle. This seemed cut out but it was impossible to see through it. Even from the tendrils of light spreading from the torches that surrounded her. 

"Oh...I see you're awake." One of the things moved towards her. She couldn't see past the cloak, but the voice was incredibly reassuring. Friendly even. Her eyes widened at the sinister recognition. 

"What the fuck is this? Is this some kind of cult shit?" She tried to force herself to her feet only to realize that her hands and feet were bound in some kind of smooth, inky black cord. She was naked, her body splayed like a St. Andrew's Cross. Her legs were spread wide, with her pussy now completely on display. Her massive tits heaved heavily as her breathing sped up. She expected the floor to feel rough beneath her but it was just cool like hardened satin against her huge, and exposed, asscheeks. She was relieved to find her body was normal but that relief disappeared quickly when she panned her eyes around. Ignoring the cloaked figures, they were in some kind of massive cavern. The walls were black but, while she assumed they were rock, they almost looked like flesh. Black, hard and...pulsing. She had to shake herself to make sure but she wasn't crazy. They were indeed pulsing. 

"We are here in the Chamber of the Seed, to provide this sacrifice..." The voice came from one of the other cloaked figures. His voice was deep, powerful and almost...sensual in nature. In his hand was a long black staff, with a purple tentacle-like patterns twisting along the length. 

"What the fuck is going on? Look I'm a famous author. If you contact my agent, I'm sure you can make a lot of money. Please just let me-" Before she could finish, she felt her throat start to constrict. Almost like she was having an allergic reaction. 

"Silence, slave." Behind the cloaked man with a staff, another came from the circle. His voice was venom, burning her ears like acid. Amalia didn't know how he did that to her, but at this point her brain was beginning to shut down from terror. She managed to focus briefly on the man who spoke. His fingers began to move, two fingers thrusting forward into the air. She wondered what the hell he was doing, until she felt it. It wasn't possible, but his fingers were now inside of her. She felt the tips dragging past her pussy walls until it curled back. The motion began to increase in speed as he raised his thumb and began stroking it across the air. 

The sensation hit her like a truck, barreling through her body as she felt her clit being stroked. It didn't feel like being fingered normally. It was as if his fingers were vibrating at increased power with every second he was inside her, despite being meters away from her. 

'Are they warlocks or devil worshipers or...?' She didn't have much time to think as he began thrust another finger inside her, filling her tight pussy to the brim. She didn't want to feel any pleasure from this. She was horrified and she wanted to go home. And...yet...her pussy was dripping across the floor after only a few minutes. 

"Jesus. When are they going to stop?" She wanted to ask but she still couldn't talk. Or even make a noise. As the man moved his fourth finger, she felt the first orgasm crash through her body. She wanted to moan. She wanted to scream. She wanted to beg. But all she could do was writhe as the orgasm rocked through her body. 

"On the plus side he's run out of fingers." She thought as she tried to calm her mind, letting orgasm run its course. But as if he read her mind, the cultist raised his other hand. 

"No. No. Nononononono..." Nothing came out, but something came in. Two fingers, but instead parting her painfully tight, unlubricated asshole. Amalia was far from a virgin, but anal was something she surprisingly had only a little experience with. But as he parted her puckered asshole, he began to thrust in brutally. Surprisingly, it felt very different than her first time with anal fingering. It was almost like his fingers were naturally lubricated. They slipped into her as he began to quickly finger fuck her pussy and her ass at the same time. 

"Now you will learn your place, slave." 

Two fingers became three. 

Three became four. 

Until eventually his entire hand was buried into both holes of her quivering, naked body. 

She needed to moan but she just struggled against her bonds uselessly. It felt like every second she was cumming again and again. Her pussy clamped on his telekinetic hand like a vice, trying to trap it in place but ultimately failing as it continued to plow through her. She felt another orgasm building as his hand bottomed out in her asshole. As he thrust deep into both holes, she felt it clawing against her throat. Until she could no longer take anymore. 

"FUCK ME. LET ME COME." Her words echoed through the room as her throat cleared and her holes were left gaping, wanton and mysteriously empty. 

"No...I need..." 

"Oh I am well aware of what you need. Amalia...Lovecraft." This was a secret that had been kept in the family for years. That Lovecraft was her great grandfather. His illegitimate child with a black woman was a highly kept secret. But clearly, the secret was out. 

"What do you want from me?" 

"We want nothing from you, Spawn of Lovecraft. But He wants you. You shall be The Mother Who Brings. Your child will darken the sun and bring the atrocities of the Great Old Ones to the world. You will be the one stoke the eternal black flame and wake them from their slumber." Her mind reeled at what he was saying. The Great Old Ones were just stories. Stories by a sick man. Which meant that these people were obviously insane. 

"You're fucking crazy. It's just a goddamn book."

"The books were The Visions. But regardless, it has already begun. We have seen the Eye of the Damned. What you would call Black Holes are the slumbering forms of their greatness. And when they awaken..." 

"Stop it." 

"But first we need to open the Womb of the World." 

"STOP IT." Before she could say anymore she felt herself being dragged to her feet, the cords around her arms loosening. She was raised to a kneeling position, her head lowered before the cloaked figures. 

"You will serve your purpose." The man undid the bottom of his robe and pulled out...easily the biggest cock she had ever seen. It was massive. A heavy piece of solid flesh, with obsidian skin and violently throbbing veins. She stared in shock, horror and...something deeper tearing from inside her as he slapped the flaccid length against her stunned face. 

"I..." Despite herself, she began to stroke the flaccid length, feeling the veins lacing his corded cock. It almost felt ribbed as her fingertips grazed across the surface, in awe and terror. 

With every movement, he became harder. His cock became a monument. A black spire twisting maliciously above her. She grabbed the vibrating rod and pulled up, allowing her to access his massive ballsack. As she licked, she could feel the cum rising, his sack filled to the brim with his dark seed. 

Terror started to fade as lust began to overcome her rational mind. She engulfed the tip of the swollen cock into her mouth, her thick lips wrapping around it like a glove. She rolled her tongue around the slit, coaxing out the seed. Despite her expectations, it was delicious. The second it touched her tongue, all doubts faded away as she began to take inch after inch inside of her wanton mouth. 

"I need to escape...I need to..." Her mind began to fade as it was replaced by the black pillar now skullfucking her mouth. 

"Fuck why does it taste so good?" 

"She has tasted the Seed. We begin the ritual." The other cultists circled around her and began to chant, in a horrible and guttural language that seemed to warp the very walls around them with each word that escaped their maws. 

"No...this is wrong." Amalia managed to shake off the effects of their ritual long enough to regain some control. And with her last bit of resistance, she bit down into the cock filling her mouth with all the strength she had left. 

But instead of feeling the flesh tear underneath her teeth, it was like she biting into solid steel. She felt a tooth crack as she doubled back in pain, trying to crawl away from the man desperately. 

"That...was an error." He grabbed her by her curls pulling her to her feet before throwing her down on all fours. He pulled her hair up viciously until her mouth was perfectly aligned with his threatening member. He slammed her mouth down onto his manhood, her throat parting violently as his cock shot past her tongue. She gurgled helplessly as he turned her mouth into a fuckhole.

As he raised his hand, the other cultists began to disrobe as well. Within in a matter of seconds, she was surrounded by massive horsecocks, hung to nearly their knees. They proceeded to smack her abused body with them, using their ridiculous lengths as whips. The man raping her mouth exited momentarily, allowing a brief breath. 

"Please God...Please God no..." It didn't take long for their fuckrods to become savagely erect. The man shoved himself back into her throat, killing any protests instantly. 

"He is your god. The One Who Ruled From the Endless Abyss." Her holes were already gaping but even still, the first one to enter her pussy felt like it was stretching her entire body apart. He thrust from underneath her, his hooded face right beneath her massive hanging udders. As he began to piston his length into her well-used cunt, his fingers sunk sadistically into the fat titflesh that was hanging above him. 

The walls were pulsing faster now, with large etchings appearing against the smooth, flesh-like surface. The etchings began to glow vibrantly, casting a blood red hue across the room. 

"Yui mortem invitavit. Poena funesta natus. Noli nomen vocare. Ille iterum veniet." She could barely focus on the chants as her body was being pounded by three massive cocks. It didn't take long for hands to be filled with the lengths of the other two cultists. She tried to pray, but she knew no one would answer. The unwanted ecstasy engulfed her body like a storm, her mind steadily lost within the endless rhythms and chants. Her moans became louder, even through the monstrous cock in her mouth. Her moans seemed to sync up with the chants, as the chants grew louder so did her moans. And as her pussy quaked violently from each terrible orgasm, the walls began to throb like a cosmic drum playing the beat of the abyss. 

Her vision blurred as the red hue grew brighter with each thrust. Whatever else they were going to do to her, there was no escaping now. The drumbeat of the walls became a herald as they all removed their cocks at the last moment, pouring load after load of inky black liquid across her body. She swallowed what she could, and quickly found herself obsessively licking every drop from her broken body. Just a drop of their cum distorted her perception. But an entire load destroyed her mind. 

"Need more...need more cum. Please...please fuck me." She crawled on all fours, a desperate shattered slut begging for the end. 

"You shall get your wish." He inserted the rod into her the length lighting up like the etchings on the wall of the cavern. As he thrust, the light became blindingly bright. 

"Nyarlathotep, Azathoth, Shub-Niggarath. Open the Womb of the World. Let us speak to the Slumbering Abyss." 

A massive slit appeared in the air, black liquid poured out of the soaking slit as it gaped wider and wider. The folds of the chasm quivered erotically as it opened to the Void. The eternal blackness of space. Amalia couldn't understand anything but she could hear a sound echoing from the slit. A horrible, twisted sound echoing through her bones. Her pussy soaked but her ears bled as the Moans of the Atrocity tore through her. 

Finally, out of the Void, came Him. His tentacles twisted out from the slit, each dark tendril drifted towards her limp, well-fucked body. She couldn't resist but she could look. She looked into the void and saw him, and as she did, she felt unimaginable terror sink claws into her deepest fears

Her brain perceived Him for a moment, then her eyes rolled back in her head as the tentacles pulled her from the ground, their shadowy visage gripping her tight and spreading her wide. The tentacles moved past her giant knockers, playing with them curiously as the others drifted towards her own dripping slit. As they entered, she felt like her entire nervous system was being fucked. The human body was not meant to perceive that kind of pleasure. As it pistoned into her limp form, she began shaking violently, crying out in madenning and ancient tongues. The beat began to build towards a climax as the tentacles pulsed within him. 

It released something within Amalia, her rolling eyes going from white to dark black in an instant. 

It dropped her hard onto the floor before realizing what was perceived as liquid like space itself across her body, seeping into her skin, 

The Womb closed but hers had opened. 

She stood up from the ground, her skin now coated in Abyss, twisted and showing the sights of many unspeakable horrors. Her appearance was warped, her height elongated to eldritch proportions with her F-Cup tits now transformed into massive udders. They swung massively in front of her powerfully built body, while her muscles tightened ominously. Her curves now flowed out like tsunamis, resembling the ancient depictions of fertility goddesses from long-dead religions. Her belly was filled with the Dark Inception, the Son twisting against the confines of her blackened skin. As she moved towards the cultists, her face tore into a sharp, white grin. 

"It has begun." She lifted her hand and with a flick of her finger, the cultists began to cum. Again. And again. Until they were begging to stop. Begging for mercy. But there was no mercy. 

There was only The Seed.