 I'm sleeping. Dreaming dreams of desire and lust. A strange cock pounds away at my drenched pussy. I'm so close to cumming. I want to scream and scream until my throat bleeds. Oh God, oh God, I'm cumm-

I wake up. DAMMIT!

I squirm under the sheets, feeling the silky smoothness caressing my bare legs, my back, my breasts, my pus-

Wait. My sheets are moving. No, something else is moving my sheets. Something's in bed with me!

I throw back the top sheet and look around frantically. I'm surrounded! Interconnected tendrils are writhing in my sheets. Thick, slimy, veiny, and pink. Where did they come from? What are they doing here? I try to scream, but as soon as I open my mouth to let loose the wail of the century, the closest tendril pounces and invades my mouth. I panic, frantically flailing and kicking out; trying desperately to get away from the disgustingly slimy things. Two more of them wrap themselves around my knees, pinning my legs down and apart. Another encircles my waist, lifting my butt up, forcing me to arch my back. The thing in my mouth is pumping in and out, forcing drops of that slimy down my throat. Saltysweet.

My arms are still free, so I claw at the tentacle in my mouth, trying to drag it out, but it won't budge! Meanwhile, yet another tendril finds its way to my ass. Since my back is still arched, there's nothing defending it. The thing simply plunges into my ass, with no preparation, no preamble. I let out a gargled, choking scream as it tears into me. The slime slowly works its way into my anal skin, easing the way for the invading member.

More and more of the slick invaders surround me. They seem to be coming out of nowhere. They fill my vision until they are all I can see. My walls, windows, bed and door are all obstructed by the creepy, alien worms, encasing me in a pulsing, ropy, glowing, pink womb. The one in my ass continues the business of pounding my ass. The one in my mouth keeps pumping that ooze into my stomach. My nipples are starting to get hard. Why are my nipples hard?

The tentacle in my ass and the tentacle in my mouth continue working in tandem until the pain my my ass is too much, and I finally sink into the sweet, dark oblivion.

***

How long has it been? It feels like hours...

I was hoping it was a dream, but the tendrils are still here. At least that first one finally abandoned my mouth. But there's still that thing pounding away at my ass and the other two keeping my lets apart. I can feel it inside of me. In, out, in, out, inoutinoutinoutinoutin! It won't stop. But, oh, now it feels so good! God, don't stop! 

What's in that slime? 

Oh, I feel so good. My hands are still free, so I start to roam. My hands make their way up my hips and onto my breasts. My nipples have gotten rock hard. I have to touch them. Pinch them. As soon as I do, a shock wave pulsates all the way from my chest to my aching pussy. I didn't realize how much it craved attention till just now. I want to touch my clit so bad, but I wait a moment. My nipples need attention too. 

I continue kneading my breasts and rolling my nipple for what seems like hours, but it could have just been a few minutes. The longer I wait, the wetter I get. I like it. I can feel my juices dampening my thighs and dribbling down my ass to mix with the slime from the tentacle that is still having its way back there. The introduction of my pussy juices seem to reinvigorated the member in my ass. It picks up speed, relentlessly pounding into me, over and over again, with no stopping in sight. That's good. I've come to enjoy it. I'm starting to wish that I could cum from being fucked in the ass, because I need to cum so badly!

Keeping one hand on my sensitive nipple, my other hand plunges below. I immediately find my swollen, fragile clit and start rubbing and rubbing. God, it's the most exquisite feeling in the world. I dip one finger into the velvety smooth folds of my dripping pussy and bring up some of the moisture to rub into my engorged little nub. Oh, God, I'm almost there. Sweet relief is just a few more strokes away. Just a little more, just a little mo-

"NOOO!" I screech. Another one of those damned tentacles has slithered its way around my wrist and wrenched my hand away from my pussy! I try to break free from the thing keeping my arm hostage on the bed next to me. It's no use. But, haha! I have another hand! I try reaching for my pussy with my non-dominant hand, but before I can even get my fingers wet, another tendril wrests my hand away from my clit and both hands are painfully forced behind my still-arched back.

I try to scream again, but just like before, a tentacle worms it's way into my mouth, silencing me with another dose of ooze as it fucks my throat. I can't breath. CAN'T BREATH!! But despite the lack of oxygen, I immediately begin to calm down. As soon as I am no longer struggling the tendril leaves my mouth. 

What. Is. In. That. Slime?!

I don't have much time to ponder the chemical composition of the slick substance, because more tentacles come out of the woodworks. Two of them attack my breasts, continuing the job that I abandoned earlier. They squeeze and pull and knead my breasts better than I could ever do on my own. The sensation sends ripples of pleasure traveling all over my body: my chest, my stomach, my arms, my thighs, my ass and my neglected pussy. God, I want something in my pussy!

No sooner than I have that thought, there are more tentacles assigned to give me even more pleasure. A slick and slimy tendril begins to gently caress my already drenched labia, slowly, oh so torturously slowly, toward my pulsating bud. As soon as it comes into contact with that glorious spot, I erupt with pleasure. I try to scream again, but I'm once again silenced by that damned tendril filling my mouth with more of its ooze. I finally get the message: whatever this thing is, it wants me to remain silent. I resolve to try my best. 

I want to cum so badly! The tendril caressing my clit is causing so much pleasure that I should have come by now. There is no way that I could've held off from climax for this long with so much glorious sensation erupting from between my legs. Plus, with that tentacle still pounding away, mercilessly at my ass, my hands still bound behind my forcefully-arched back and the tendril pumping what must be a sedating aphrodisiac into my body, how can I not be cumming?! God, I think I'm going to pass out again...

***

God, how long has it been this time?

Fuck! I'm hornier than ever, now! All of those things are still going about their business of attacking my fuck holes. God! Why can't I cum?! I need to cum so badly! I think I might cry...

Then I see that there's another tentacle slowly making its way towards me. Fuck! This one's bigger than all the rest. Slimier, veinier and pinker than its brothers. About three inches from its tip, there is a smaller tendril, only about half the width of my pinky finger, and it's wiggling and squirming like it's searching for something.

Slowly, tentatively, almost like it's caressing me, it makes its way up my right thigh until it's poking its tip into my pussy. The one working at my clit doesn't seem to notice that it's big brother is there. It just keeps massaging my painfully-swollen clit, making sure I don't loose my edge.

Big Brother, as I have decided to dub him, has decided to rest at the very opening of my pussy. Just sitting there, like he's deciding on whether or not to go in. Oh fuck, I want him to go in! Please?

Finally, he continues his slow journey into my soaking wet cunt. Frustratingly, achingly slowly, he begins to fill me more than I have ever been filled before. I want to gasp with pleasure, but my mouth is still full, so all I can do is moan around the thick member pumping in and out of my mouth. Big Brother takes what seems like hours to finally finish filling me; and he seems to take even longer to come back out, before journeying back into the depths to begin the second full stroke. Little Brother (the tiny tendril that is wiggling below Big Brother's tip) does the job of stroking my G-spot on each trip into and out of my pussy.

It's all too much. Maybe this is how I'm going to die: Death by Desire. Two tentacles forcing my legs wide; two more holding my hands behind my back, which is being arched by yet another member; another two are still kneading my breasts and squeezing my nipples; one pounding away at my ass with out mercy; another filling my mouth and belly with ooze; and Big Brother and Little Brother working at my pussy, with another tendril stroking and circling my clit right above them; and I'm still trapped in this writhing, makeshift womb of tentacles! Is there no end in sight?

***

I regain consciousness some time later. How many times have I passed out now? Two? Three? It doesn't matter. This torture is never going to end! All twelve tendrils are still attacking my body without mercy. The ones between my legs are causing me more frustration than I have ever felt before. Why am I not cumming?!

Suddenly it dawns me: maybe it's the slime. In addition to it being a sedative and an aphrodisiac, it must also be some sort of blocker. It's making me hornier than I have ever been, but at the same time it's keeping me from cumming! Diabolical! And I'm too helpless to do anything.

Between my legs, Big Brother and Little Brother have picked up the pace. They start going faster and faster, until they are just a blur of movement between my legs. God, please let me cum. Please, please, please! But instead of release, the others seem to take their cue from Big Brother, because they start speeding up, too. The one in my ass goes even faster and the one working my clit picks up speed, as well; and the one in my mouth decides to go farther to invade my throat again, gushing with more and more of that saltysweet ooze, keeping me from breathing. The lack of oxygen causes my pleasure to increase ten fold. If only I could cum, this would be the most epic climax in all the cosmos. 

Oh, fuck, I'm going to pass out again...

***

I awake to stillness.

There's no pulsating womb of tendrils.

No tentacle in my mouth.

No tendril keeping my back arched.

Nothing between my legs, and nothing in my ass.

There's just nothing. It's all gone!

I squirm between my silk sheets and feel something slimy. I freeze. Once my heart leaves my throat, I reach for the moisture... and breathe a sigh of relief. It's not slime, it's just an ever-growing pool of my own juices. That dream got me hornier than I have ever been in my life. It was fun, but now I need to cum!

I reach between my slick thighs and into the velvety folds of my pussy. I use my index and middle finger to stroke the spot that Little Brother was so eager to reach. I have always found it difficult to cum from vaginal stimulation, so while fingering my pussy feels really good and gets me to the edge, I can never cum this way. So I move back up to my engorged little clitty. 

I stroke and stroke and stroke. God, this feels so good! "Mmmm," I moan. I pick up speed and start stroking faster and faster. Oh, I'm finally about to cum! "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"

But it doesn't happen. I can't cum. Why can't I cum?!?! I keep stroking and stroking, but I can't find relief. I frantically reach into the top drawer of my bedside table and find my dildo and my bullet. I fill my pussy with the huge glass dick and press the bullet firmly against my clit and turn it on high. My pleasure crescendos and my entire body convulses. I start involuntarily humping the air, so with one hand on my bullet, I use my other hand to pump the dildo in and out of my sopping cunt. Darkness begins to creep into my vision. Don't pass out, don't pass out.

I keep pumping and pumping and the bullet keeps buzzing and buzzing, but I still can't cum!

I scream, "WHY. CAN'T. I. CUM?!?!"