 "Please... please... please! Let me go, please. I... I won't tell anyone!" Angela pleaded to her assailant as the man rubbed his erect penis up and down her wet dripping lips. "Ohhhhhhhh... ahhhhhhh... Please stop this!"

"You are a very beautiful woman Angela," the man said.

The rapist pushed his penis forward into the thirty-year-old blonde's tight slit. His mouth then suckled her pink upturned nipples from her 30D sized breasts. She had shaved a perfect blond triangle between her legs. 

His steady thrusts caused her body to contract with unwanted shivers of pleasure. She did not understand why her body was betraying her during this terrible ordeal. "Ohhhh, God... stop... stop... pleeease!"

Earlier that evening, the curvaceous vice president had entered her spacious penthouse apartment to find this strange man holding a knife. She was helpless as he ordered her to undress and then tied her to her own bed, spread-eagled. Now this man was raping her.

"Ohhhhhhhh... nooooooo... ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Her mouth was groaning loudly. Her head was tossing back and forth, feeling an unwanted orgasm.

Agguuuuuhhhhhhhh... aghhhhhhhhhhh... Oh... oh... ohhhh... God!Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Agguuuuuhhhhhhhh... aghhhhhhhhhhh! Oh... oh... oh, God... I... I'm cumminggggggg!"

Her body arched as the man continued his thrusts.

"I have the power to give you life or to take yours. I will give you the same choice that I gave the others," he whispered.

"What do you mean?" she asked, as her mind came down from an unbelievable climax.

"I know all about you Angela. I know that you have no boyfriends. I know that you have been consumed with your career at the bank. I know that you have given up raising a family. I know that this is your most fertile time in your cycle. I call myself 'The Seeder', with a mission to procreate. I will only ask you once. Will you accept my seed? Will you carry my child?"

Angela was stunned. The man was right. She had ambitions of being president of the bank. She was not interested in children.

"Don't... don't cum... don't cum... please don't! Please don't cum in me! Please... please... I... I don't want to get pregnant! Please pull it out of me," she pleaded.

He taunted her, "You have sealed your fate Angela. Mine will be the last face you see. My penis will be the last one to be inside of you."

He began massaging her throat with his strong hands. At first, the sensations felt quite stimulating. Then he slowly applied pressure to her neck.

"Aggghhh... ughhhhaggghhhh," Angela gagged.

Between the man's thrusting and strangling, Angela began experiencing another mind-numbing climax. Her lungs burned by the lack of oxygen. Her chest tightened as her young life was being squeezed out from her.

"I caann't breathhaarrrrggh," she gasped.

"Accept my seed, Angela," he said, and then he kissed her mouth, sucking the last breaths from her gasping body. His tongue poked deeply down her throat, obstructing her breathing even more.

"Mpphhhh... " were the last muffled sounds from her throat.

His penis erupted like a volcano, emptying his potent seed into the dying young woman's body.

In the throes of the last orgasm of her life, Angela's body contracted violently as her bladder voided. Her vagina muscles twisted tightly around the man's penis, squeezing out the last of his seed. His grimacing face was the last thing Angela saw before everything went black.

He was still thrusting even after Angela's eyes glazed over and her tongue dropped from her mouth.

*******

Every police department in the state had been receiving reports about the serial-rapist-killer. 

Twenty six year old Lori Walters read the evening newspaper account of the latest find: a 30-year-old woman's body was found bound to her bed. The girl had been raped and died from a very slow strangulation. The police suspected a serial killer because the M.O. was the same as three others. This killer was very clean and did not leave the police many clues to follow.

Lori was alone in her apartment, except for her pit-bull Max, after working her late shift at Wal-Mart. Max, the 90-pound brown and white dog, was tearing his vise-like jaws into an old leather jacket Lori let him use.

'If anything happens, I have old Max here to protect me,' Lori thought as she petted the dog whose saliva was pooling onto her blue carpet.

She decided to take a quick shower before retiring for bed.

Lori stripped off her shorts, t-shirt, bra and panties after closing the door. She was about 5-11, and a very attractive brunette, with large breasts and long legs.

The showerhead shot hot water on her back as she soaped her body. Her right hand massaged her breasts while the middle finger of her left hand slid inside of her. She winced, anticipating an orgasm while stroking her clitoris. It had been some time since she was with a man.

"Arrrrruggggghhhh... oh... oh... oh... " she moaned

Only seconds from release, Lori heard a sharp noise that brought her to her senses. She washed off the remaining soap and covered herself with a towel. Walking from the bathroom to her front window, she looked out to see if there was anything unusual. She found nothing. She was puzzled when she didn't hear Max and started looking for him.

"MAX... MAX... HERE BOY!! WHERE ARE YOU?" she yelled.

As Lori opened the door to her bedroom she was startled to see a man sitting on her bed.

The man laughed. "Hello, Lori."

Lori gasped, as her hands grabbed her towel.

"Who are you? What are you doing here? What do you want from me?" she demanded.

Lori saw the man rise from the bed, holding a knife. At 6-4, he was not a plain man, by any means. He appeared to be about thirty-five years old, with jet-black hair and a solid build with rugged features.

"I think you may have heard of me. I've been in all the papers," he said with a mischievous grin. 

Lori felt a chill race through her veins.

"You... You're the man the police are looking for. You're the one who killed those women!"

"Yes, I am," the man answered, waving the knife at her.

Lori tightened the grip on the towel even more. She suddenly remembered the dog and cried out.

"Max... Max... Here boy!! Where are you Max?"

"Look over by the bed Lori." The man motioned for her to look to the other side of the bed.

Lori saw a ghastly sight.

"Oh... God," she screamed as she saw Max's lifeless body on the floor. His tongue hung from his mouth, along with a half-eaten raw steak. His saliva had formed that familiar pool on the carpet.

"Oh, God... oh, God... " she cried, and then pleaded, "Please... please, please let me go... please don't hurt me! Please... please don't rape me!" She was panicky.

"I have been watching you for some time, Lori. I always do my homework. That's why I'm ahead of the police. I know your name and that you live alone except for this mongrel. It was simple to eliminate him with the tainted steak. I know when you get off from work and what your normal routine is. I know you have no boyfriend. There is no use running. The doors are all locked and the phone lines are cut. Of course, you can scream out for help if you want to, but this knife will put a stop to that almost as soon as you start."

A lump formed in Lori's throat as she realized the man was right.

"Time for us to have some fun, Lori. Drop the towel," the man demanded.

"No... please... I beg you... " the girl protested.

The man took a few steps toward her, waving the knife.

"Drop the towel!"

With the knife inches from Lori's neck, she resigned herself to complying with the man's orders. She let her arms drop to her sides and the towel fell to the floor.

"Yes, you are a very beautiful woman, Lori. Don't be ashamed of your body."

The man gazed at her round pendulous breasts. Her pink nipples were still hard from her ministrations in the shower.

"Take your fingers and pull on your nipples Lori."

"Oh, please... please stop... please, don't do this to me... I beg you, please! Please... please don't rape me... please don't! Please stop now."

"Do everything I say Lori. I have the knife."

Her fingers began pulling on her nipples. They were tender.

"Arrrrruggggghhhh... oh... oh... oh... ahhhhhhhhhh, God!" she gasped.

"Keep pulling on your nipples Lori. With your other hand I want you to finger yourself deeply."

"Please go away... ohhhhh... aahhhhhh... I won't tell anyone. I promise."

"Do it Lori."

The girl gingerly slid her fingers up into her already wet sex. She felt for her clitoris, and then started stroking it.

"Ohhhhh, God... noooooo... nooooooooooooo! Please don't make me do this... Ahhhhhhhhh... owwwwwwww!"

"You are doing fine Lori. Do what I want or I'll kill you."

"Is that what you told other women before you murdered them? Ahhhhhhh... oooooooohhhh" Lori panted.

"I will give you the same chance they had Lori."

She unconsciously arched her hips up in response to sensations created by her masturbation.

"Ohhhhh... ohhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhh, God!" she moaned as bolts of unwanted pleasure coursed through her body. "Ohhhhhh, God... ohhhhhhhhh, Goddddd...!" Lori screamed as her body convulsed in an orgasm. She felt ashamed that her body would betray her this way.

The man was happy with his intended results. He was so confident that getting caught was never a deterrent. Lori realized that she needed to somehow change his pattern or she would be raped and murdered like the rest. Her only hope would be to extend her ordeal as long as possible to somehow find a way to escape.

"Time for us to consummate this, Lori. As you can see, I already made the bed. Lie down and don't try anything."

The man had tied four ropes onto the posts of the bed. She lay down on the bed on her back. Moving deftly, he tied her wrists, and then her legs, to the bedposts. She was tied spread eagle, unable to move, just like the others. She was at his mercy. Confident that she could not get away he began to undress. Lori saw him remove his underwear revealing a huge ten-inch erection.

Approaching the bed, he held the knife to her throat.

"Bite me and it will be all over Lori. Open your mouth!"

After straddling her chest, he slid his penis into her mouth. She gradually took it inside, first sucking on the head slowly, and then taking in more of the length. Lori was able to swallow the man's entire penis and began sucking it in her mouth.

His eyes rolled back in his head. He seemed in a far off place but still held on to the knife.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" he groaned from the sensations caused by her tongue licking his sensitive penis.

Lori was playing a dangerous game of Russian roulette. Whenever she felt his body begin to tremble, she slowed down her sucking, and then slowly sped it up again. If the man ejaculated too soon, her life would be over. If he were not satisfied, then he would soon be inside of her.

"You're doing very well," he said. "I think you might just live, Lori." 

With that, the man pulled his wet penis from her mouth. He slid his body down to the end of the bed. Lori suddenly felt his tongue licking her pulsating clitoris. She couldn't help moaning as the man sucked on her clit. She felt strange, being helpless, yet enjoying his ministrations. She soon felt the familiar sensations again as her body convulsed a second time, vibrating like a tight wire.

Oh, God... I... I'm cumingggggggggggg...! Arrrughhhhhhh...! Ohhhhhhhh...! Goodddddddd!!"

She rolled her head back and forth, as her body shook uncontrollably by spasms.

The man kissed down her neck stopping at her nipples. He started sucking the left one with his hand massaging the right one.

"Ohhhh.hmmmmmm... ohhhh."

The man slowly guided his penis into Lori's wet swollen vagina. Pumping slowly at first, he gradually worked his way into long, deep strokes that fully stimulated her clit.

"Ohhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhh! Lori moaned.

The man deliberately slowed his strokes, wanting her to cum back down to earth.

His free hand wrapped around Lori's throat. It constricted as he applied pressure with his strong hand.

He began to taunt her, "Mine will be the last face you see Lori. My penis will be the last one to be inside of you."

"Aggghhh... ughhhhaggghhhh" Lori gagged.

She was probably already within seconds of being killed, she thought. The police would find her lifeless body like all the rest. They would extract this man's semen from her corpse.

"I have the power to give you life or to take yours. I will give you the same choice that I gave the others," the man said melodically as continued his long deep strokes.

Gasping to get some air in her lungs Lori managed to croak a few words at him, "Please," she choked, "I can't breath... No more, oh, God, please, no more."

Her lungs were exploding with deep, heaving gasps. She felt the strange pleasure of his penis pumping in and out between her legs, titillating her nerve endings. She was unable to stop the grunts and gasps bursting from her lungs and throat.

"I said I knew all about you Lori. I know you don't use birth control because you don't have a boyfriend. I know that this is your most fertile cycle of the month. I call myself 'The Seeder' with my own mission to procreate. I will ask you only once Lori. Will you take my seed? Will you have my child?"

Lori realized that to spare her life she would have to carry this rapist's baby!!

He stroked inside her faster, causing the bed to bump against the wall time and time again.

"Arrrrghhhh! Yessssssssssss! Do it to me. Take me, impregnate me!! I'll have your baaaabbiieeee," she gasped out, with her last full breaths.

"Here it cummmmmsss... ohhhhhh, ohhhhh!" the man groaned, as he emptied his potent seed into her fertile womb.

Releasing his grip from her throat, Lori coughed as oxygen freely entered into her lungs again. Between her lungs suddenly filling up with air and feeling his hot semen fertilizing her womb, Lori's body convulsed uncontrollably as she experienced the most powerful orgasm in her young life.

"Arrghh... oh... oh... oh... ahhhhhhhhhh, God! Ohhh... oh, yes... oh, yes... yes... oh, God... I... I'm Cumming! Ahhhhhhh... ohhhh... My... God!! Ahhh!!"

The man used the knife to cut her loose. Their sweat soaked bodies were wrapped in each other's arms. Lori responded in kind when the man gave her a long deep kiss. She awoke hours later after dozing off to find that the man had left.

Lori had a baby boy nine months later. The police never found the culprit.