 This story is categorized under Erotic Horror for content including the occult and witchcraft. This part of the story would otherwise fall under Nonconsent/Reluctance.

This is the first part of an original story.

*****

"This house is abandoned, I've used the cellar for previous ceremonies," I whispered as I pushed the deteriorating front door open.

"Hmmm. Will you protect me from any mean spirits Mister Warlock?" Allison chimed at me in a flirty high pitch voice. To say she was excited about tonight's spell would be an understatement.

Even though she was being playful, I could not help but wonder how she could trust me. She knew I was dangerous. The magic order she was previously with had warned her. I had been touched by dark spirits. I was hardly mentally stable.

"Hmph. I am a warlock of the second degree. No spirit will challenge me... but yes, I will protect you." I tried my best to match her enthusiasm.

"After this ceremony I will be stronger right? Will I have the power of sight - the ability to see the future? How will my life change?" 

How could she be so naive. Power could only be gained rapidly by trading a part of one's soul. By trading freedom itself.

I looked over at Allison. Her big eyes grabbed my attention even in the darkness. I was wearing my burgundy ceremonial robe for the ritual, but tradition did not mean much to her as a new witch. She was wearing a black tank top that hugged her body and showcased her breasts. The moonlight seemed to bounce off of them, keeping my eyes locked. I couldn't deny it. She was hot. Those tight clothes, pale skin, raven black hair, big eyes... the list went on.

"Yes, your life will change." I managed to say regaining my focus. Truth was her life would not change for the better. I wasn't going to protect her. My intentions were far darker. I wasn't even myself, not completely.

The darkness inside of me was perverse, twisted and often irrational in its hunger. It had taken over me this night. I knew it had, but I wasn't strong enough to fight it. It felt good knowing I was going to turn my student in to my slave. This night especially I wanted to turn Allison in to my fuck bunny. Any spell involving the soul was sexually charged and I was going to use her to satisfy my desires. "How will this change her after the spell?" I questioned my darkness.

My cloak stirred. My familiar, a white serpent bound to my soul, wrapped itself around my torso under the cloak. It was restless and it was time to get on with the night.

We walked down the dusty hallway of the house.

"Is tonight's spell sexual?" Allison asked with a wicked grin on her face.

I was caught off guard. Did she know more that she let on?

"The red robe you are wearing. Its worn for summoning demons of lust right? And for spells of pleasure?"

I relaxed. "The red robe signifies a lot more." I continued to walk. Now I know which books she chose to read in my library.

"Not that I would masturbate in front of you or anything hah." She stated and ran ahead to the door.

I watched her ass wiggle in those jeans. What a tease.

She opened the door and I climbed in to the cellar first. I took out the candles from my pouch and began to light them absentmindedly. My thoughts drifted to Allison's sexy body. I wanted her but I never pushed any romantic interest or sought her outside of our studies. When the darkness wasn't taking hold, I held myself to high standards and felt a responsibility as a teacher. Tonight was so different. "I can still be her mentor after the possession ritual" I tried to comfort myself. I must not be a very good mentor if she thinks summonings from the plane of lust only go so far as to require masturbation I mused.

"What can I do?" I turned, nearly forgetting she was so close to me. "Are we summoning from a plane of Hell? Should I draw a pentogram?" She asked.

"Strip" I replied.

"What? Hmphh was this just all a ploy to get me naked?"Allison leaned against the wall looking coy. I couldn't help but notice her hourglass figure. I needed her naked. I wanted to have her pleasure me.

I glared at her and sent a chill throughout the room that made the candles flicker. She could now sense a tinge of the darkness within me. That I wasn't completely sane. I could smell the beginning of fear. She shouldn't be afraid. I would give her some power in exchange for her freedom. Even in this state I was not as bad as a demon.

"Ok. I'm sorry." She looked down. I had control now. Rather my darkness had control of her. I watched her as she gripped the fabric of her top. I could see the soft skin of her stomach become exposed and the curves of her pelvis. "Wow I'm horny." I thought with the realization of my body's reaction. My thoughts raced. "Regardless of my knowledge, she should be aware of the spell's cost." The darkness pushed the still incomplete thoughts out and my eyes urged her to continue.

Allison pulled the tank over her head and dropped it on the floor. The snake under my cloak stirred and slithered down my leg. Next, Allison gripped her tight jeans and pulled them down, taking two steps. She stood before me in her black lingerie. I could feel my member strained against my undergarments. I didn't realize quite how fit she was, due to having such large breasts. In the candlelight she look nothing but perfect. It was erotic watching her wait for direction.

"Take those off and lay down in the center."

She was staring at me now, slightly frightened. She didn't expect any of this.

I turned my head back to the candles and heard her comply. I was in autopilot. I was along for the ride. The other half of me had planted the idea to lure her in to this ritual and now going along only felt natural. But I was executing the plan, this was different than simple thoughts. Allison studied hard and had promise as a witch. She deserved better. At the very least she deserved to know she would be mine to command.

"Aghhh." I winced. My snake bit me. I could feel the warm blood dripping down my leg.

"What happenned!? Are you ok?"

"Yes. It's nothi.." I looked back at Allison to reply but fell short. She looked intoxicatingly beautiful naked without any underwear. Just her soft pale skin. She was sitting in an upright position on the floor. Her arms extended behind her, pushing her puffy pink nipples in to the air. She was shaved below. Yes. I would go ahead with the ritual and attempt my first possession. If the possession was successful it would be a major milestone for me. My magic would rival that of all warlocks in North America.

"Ha sjeth..." I began to recite the words of magic. I was calling her mind and mental fortitude away from her body. When those became detached, all that would be left would be for my familiar to take control of her. Allison's eyes closed and her body rested against the cellar floor.

I stood in front of her and watched from above as her breathing became slow. I studied her naked form in the candlelight.

The serpent slithered down my leg and on to the floor. I could feel some of the darkness lift. My thoughts partially regained. But then there was Allison, in front of me. And something happened. The scales of my familiar made contact with her foot and she changed. I knew the ritual was sexually charged, but I didn't know it would escalate so fast.

Allison purred as the snake made contact with her creamy pale skin and slithered up her leg. Its tongue darted out as it moved. The split tongue touched the softness of her lower thigh, causing her back to arch erotically. I watched with amusement. I betrayed her and now soon I would take her body for a ride as a fuck toy. How did I become so comfortable with this power so fast?

Four feet of scales now expanded over her leg and moved across her flat abdomen. Her breathing accelerated. The possession ritual was pure ecstasy to Allison, who's mind was stretched across realms. The snake slithered around her breast and tickled her pink nipple.

"Mmmmph," Allison whimpered. Her normally neatly combed black hair became unkempt as she turned her head in bliss. Her eyes remained clamped shut as the beginning of the ritual neared its end. Her energy was longer her own. The snake moved from the strained muscles in her neck and swayed back and forth as it made its way back down her stomach.

Her legs raised at the knee and her hands dug in to the floor below. The head of the white snake came to the top of her mound between her legs. Her cunt was now dripping, needing attention. I looked over the scene in front of me, taking a moment to admire her as she was still technically Allison. Albeit a woman completely taken over by pleasure, at the edge of insanity and needing release yet unable to attain it.

The snake, still with its body draped over her, began to enter her dripping sex. Her back arched, her breasts thrust in the air as her hands and feet stayed planted on the ground. 

"Ooohs" and "Aaahs" escaped her mouth. It slithered deeper in, starting to disappear from view. The ritual was entering the final stages. Allison's eyes began to flutter open and then close as her chest heaved. But they were not her own. As they opened again I noticed the glowing green hue they had.

Despite having an amazing body for a mortal, changes began to occur. Her buttocks, as heavenly as it was previously, tightened and became more full. Her boobs, a C cup, were slowly lifted and became perkier. "Next time I'll have to look in to how far I can push the changes." I thought.

The snake was no more and all of a sudden her breathing stopped. Her erotic display ceased. "Was there something more to the ritual?" 

Then she grabbed my attention. Here eyes opened. Her very being seemed to radiate sex. She moved her back upright and in to a sitting position. Her eyes glowed green with a slit instead of a pupil. The snake's eyes. Her mouth was open in a pant, exposing two long fangs.

The ritual was complete. She was mine and my dark soul extended in to hers. "I'm so confused." I thought. Did I feel regret or happiness at this success. Sensing these lingering doubts, Allison, or rather the snake, began to slither to me on all fours. Her back was curved and her ass wagged in the air. Mesmerized, I dropped my cloak and watched as she came right under me and undid my zipper and belt. 

Before I could complete a thought she took my cock in her mouth and gripped my backside with both hands. I could feel the two fangs on the sides of my cock. Wet and smooth. Coming back to reality from her first assault on me, I looked down to see those glowing eyes looking back up at me. Her head kept bobbing back and her forth. One of her hands applied pressure behind my balls.

It was too much for me. I still had my senses and wits, unlike with a Succubus, but it was still all unnatural. Unnaturally erotic. The very touch of her skin gave me goosebumps and an unholy shiver.

She could probably sense I could not last the blowjob much longer. She released my penis and slowly stood up, pushing her breasts against my skin and pulling my shirt up as she did so. Her cold smooth skin seemed to be endless as she slithered up my body. 

Her face became eye level with mine. Her eyes were intimidating. Her eyelids were dark, her lips bright red. I fell back with her body still on top of me. It was a painless fall and I could feel her chest against mine. Her legs sliding erotically up and down my legs. Her wet sex against mine. Allison's hips began to move and I could feel that wet slit rolling over the tip of my penis.

She pushed her hips down and I entered her. Her eye's were fixated, unmoving on me, as her hips lifted up and came back down. She picked up speed. I was losing it. Her cold skin was too good. Her hot wet sex in motion and her perfect form came together like a perfect, erotic dance.

I exploded. I wailed. She stopped and I could feel myself pumping my seed in to her. Clarity began to come over me once again. "What had I done to Allison exactly." "Could she be brought back to her body?" "Did I kill her?" "Was this a possession or a sexual experiment?"

My eyes darted back and forth. The darkness left me and I needed to regain the high ground. I needed answers.

Then, still on top of me, Allison's eyes closed and her mouth opened. She collapsed over my shoulder and I could hear the snake coming out of her. The cursed white snake. It was my darkness incarnate. I looked to my left and saw the serpent slither underneath my cloak in the corner. 

Then I heard breathing. I looked over to see Allison's eyes open. Her brown eyes, opened and scared. She stared at me, unable to move, completely exhausted.

"We completed a possession ritual Allison. You are mine now." The truth was the only thing logical to say. As if anything could make the events right, I added "You now contain a portion of my power."

She buried her face next to mine. "Thank you."

I was stunned. She must not comprehend what has happened.