 He was pounding into me. Just the way I like it sometimes. I love making love sweetly and gently and sometimes I just need to be fucked. The throw my legs over your shoulders, bury your head in the pillow, grab my ass-cheeks in both hands and slam the shit out of my little pussy. 

Between thrusts so hard that my head was about to start a rhythmic thumping of the headboard, I turned my head to see my little Corgi dog walk into the bedroom. 

That's always a bit awkward when the pet becomes a participant, albeit just a voyeur, but this time Copper didn't seem interested.

I watched as he walked into the room, first looking at the intense scene on the bed, but then he turned and looked over towards the foot of the bed. His ears perked up and he appeared to be concentrating on something.

That was odd because we were both breathing in heavy grunts as he pounded and thrust his cock into me. Copper should have at least been concerned for me, but he wasn't. Suddenly he sat down as if commanded to sit. 

I put it out of my mind as my lover let out a final groan and pushed his whole body forward, as if he was trying to climb into my pussy. I felt his cock throb inside of me as he released his load. He finally fell to the side, giving me just enough freedom to draw a fresh breath of air. I gently moved over and let him collapse on the bed next to me, both of us still gasping from the exertion. 

I closed my eyes and began to drift off. 

Have you ever had your eyes closed in a well-lit room and suddenly a shadow moves across real fast blocking out the light for a second? 

Try it now. I'll wait. Seriously. 

Just turn on the lights so that the room is really bright. Lay back and close your eyes. See if within a few seconds or a minute or two if a shadow doesn't pass across you.

Did it?

Well, that's what happened to me. I was drifting off to sleep after my lover had worn me out. Suddenly the light was blocked out. I quickly opened my eyes thinking someone had put a hand across my face.

Nothing.

I turned my head and my Corgi was now watching the bed. Then he sat up and turned and left the room, wagging his little rump as he went down the hall. 

Again, I thought that was odd, but I was exhausted at that point and faded off to sleep.

A few weeks later, I was sleeping alone. Deep into a nice dream, I felt the bed move. Thinking it was my boyfriend crawling into bed with me I smiled and slowly came awake. If you've ever shared your bed then you know the feeling of someone sleeping next to you. The covers move, the mattress sinks a bit toward the middle, sheets either go tight or move away from you. I was sleeping on the left side of the bed so I turned over and reached out to him.

Of course, there was no one there. 

The whole right side of the bed was still as it was when I slipped into it. The sheets and blanket were still pulled tight and the pillow was fluffy. 

I slowly rolled back over and within seconds I was back to sleep. 

"Rachel," I heard loud and clear in my ear.

It was a man's voice, but not familiar to me. My fuzzy mind was trying to figure out who it was when it did it again.

"Rachel," it said. Right there in my ear.

I sat up straight in bed looking rapidly around the room.

Nothing. No one. 

It took me a long time to fall back asleep after that. You bet your ass I left the fucking lights on.

The very next night I was getting tongue-fucked. I do mean fucked! He had his tongue working up and down my slit, circling my clit, and then plunging deep inside of me. His hands were underneath my ass and holding me by the cheeks. I was spread wide open and had both of my hands behind my head with a death grip on the headboard. I was naked and totally exposed to whatever he wanted to do to me.

I finally couldn't hold back anymore and the orgasm took over my body.

"Oh! My! GOSH!" I moaned loud enough to wake the dead.

Or, in this case, to wake me.

I was alone in the bed. 

I was scared shitless and still experiencing the spasms of my orgasm.

I grabbed the blanket around me and scootched up fast against the headboard. I was breathing hard from the sex and from the sheer terror.

I had felt it. It was so real, or unreal? I had been totally experiencing the best oral sex of my life and it was so fucking good.

But there was no one in the room with me.

When I finally calmed down, I got up and had the dog walk with me to every room in the house and turned on the lights. I sat on my sofa watching television until it was time to go to work. 

It was not easy coming home that night. I put all of the lights on. I had my boyfriend over to stay the night.

I lay there in bed next to him for as long as I could stay awake. Finally, I drifted off to sleep.

I came partially awake when I felt Dan's hard cock pressing against my ass. I moaned appreciatively but I was exhausted. 

"Come on, Rachel," he whispered. "I need you."

"Mmmmm," I moaned. "I'm so tired, baby."

He pressed his cock against my ass again and I felt myself grow moist. I didn't want to deny him, but I was so tired.

I reached back and pushed my panties down to my knees and adjusted my hips to give him room.

In seconds he was prodding me with his thick, hard cock. I adjusted again and he slid deep inside of me. 

He was so hard and it felt like heaven when he began thrusting. I didn't even move. I just let him use my body. 

It felt really good but I just can't describe how tired I was. After a few minutes, he reached around and grabbed my breast as his cock throbbed and pulsed and he shot his load inside of me. 

He leaned in close and whispered in my ear, "Thanks, Rachel. I really needed that."

"Sure, baby," I replied. "I'm here for you anytime you need me."

I expected more cuddling but instead, Dan was poking me in the shoulder.

"What?" I demanded. "What the hell are you doing that for?"

"You're talking in your sleep," he whispered. 

"What are you talking about?" I replied. I turned my body just a bit to face him.

Dan was wrapped up all mummy-style in the sheets and blankets. 

"How the hell did you do that so fast?" I asked him.

"Rachel," he said carefully. "I think you're still asleep. You're talking nonsense."

"Whatever!" I replied angrily and crawled out of bed. 

I slid my panties back up so I wouldn't drip his cum all over the floor. I went to the bathroom and groggily removed the panties and sat down on the toilet. I went to wipe away the cum he'd shot into me...and there was nothing there.

I was wet. Wet and freshly fucked if you know what I mean, but there was no cum inside my pussy. Nothing had dripped out. 

It just wasn't there. It was as if it hadn't happened at all.

I stood up, went to the sink and leaned over to splash water on my face.

When I straightened up, I stood there for a minute, half asleep on my feet, yet confused.

"Rachel," I heard whispered behind me. I opened my eyes and looked in the mirror.

There was a man behind me. I opened my mouth to scream and blinked hard and he was gone.