 This is my Halloween story. There is quite a bit of gore in it and this is a warning. I want to thank my editors, LadyCibelle and Techsan, for all their editing advice. They are the greatest. I guess I need votes to qualify for the contest. Hope you enjoy this submission. DG Hear

*

I'm Tammy and, about two years ago, Rita, one of my co-workers at the bank and also a close friend, and I attended a Halloween party in an old West Virginia mansion. We lived in Ohio at the time about sixty miles away. One of our customers invited us to his shindig. He says that Halloween is his favorite holiday and throws a party very year.

Rita and I talked it over and decided to go. She dressed as Peter Pan and I was dressed up as Tinker Bell. I had the coolest costume and everyone said I looked just like Tinker Bell except for my red hair.

The party was going pretty strong when I decided I needed a cigarette. I went into the back room where they had stored our coats, purses or whatever we brought with us. I opened the door and kind of screamed out. What I saw was a man dressed like a horrible ghoul creature. He looked like he came from 'Night of the Living Dead' or the movie 'Scream'; he had on a hideous mask and a black cape. The only part of him I could see was his cock as he pushed it in and out of a woman dressed up as a witch. She also had a mask on and was lying forward over all the coats as she was being thoroughly fucked by the ghoul.

They looked toward me in their masks. I apologized for being there and said that I was just going to go get my cigarettes and then leave. I found my purse and grabbed it; all the while, he was pumping his cock in her big white ass. It was all I could see of her. I quickly left by the same door I came in through and closed the door, leaving the couple to their sexual escapade.

I found Rita when I came out and told her what I had seen. She laughed and said there would probably be a lot of that going on. I was having a good time dancing with all these people in costume. I knew hardly anyone since I wasn't from that area. Brett was another friend from the office that was there also. He was quite the dancer. I got groped a little more than I cared for but didn't let it get too far. I was standing at the drinks table when I turned around and screamed. I got everyone's attention and felt like an idiot. The man in the ghoul outfit was standing there holding his fake sickle.

He quickly pulled off his mask and told everyone to go back to what they were doing. After I started breathing normally again, he smiled at me. "Hi, I'm Glen Raven. I'm sorry I startled you so. I just wanted to apologize for what you saw earlier. Sometimes these parties get a little wild."

I introduced myself and we just started talking. He was a cute hunk of a fellow. He was gorgeous if you can say that about a man. It made me wish I was the one being hammered from behind. 

"Would you like to go outside on the porch and get some air?" he asked.

I thought it would be a good idea since he was making me hot. We sat on the porch swing and I lit up a cigarette. 

"That will stunt your growth," he said jokingly.

I told him, "I used to have a lot of bad habits but smoking is the only one I haven't been able to conquer yet. Maybe someday but not today."

He asked me about myself. 

I told him as little as possible. "I recently graduated from community college and work at the bank full time. I enjoy the work even though it doesn't pay that well."

He said, "I'm a lineman for the phone company. I have a home up in the mountains but have about a six month job running new lines along the West Virginia-Ohio borders. I'm working near the town where your bank is located. And I'd like to see you again."

"I would like that," I replied, and we went back inside. 

I danced most of the rest of the evening with him. Brett cut in once in awhile. I guess he had a light crush on me. Glen really didn't try anything with me; he was pretty much the gentleman. As Rita and I got ready to leave the party, Glen kissed me goodnight. I could have melted in his arms. Rita Robin Hood was kissing a guy she had met too. We said our goodbyes and headed for home.

Rita and I talked about the men we danced with. She said her friend kept feeling her ass but since it was a party she let him get his jollies. I told her about what a good dancer Brett was; she agreed and said she like dancing with him also. "Who was the ghoul you danced with? He gave me the creeps till he took off his mask. Damn, what a hunk."

"He said his name is Glen Raven and he lives in the hills somewhere. He said he wanted to see me again."

"Do you think he'll show up?" asked Rita.

"I sure hope so! I wouldn't mind getting some of what that witch was getting." We both started laughing.

Neither of us knew who the witch was, but it was odd we never saw her the rest of the night.

Let me tell you about my life up to now. It isn't a pretty one. I was from a broken home and as a pre-teen was pretty negative. I got into a lot of trouble. My mom remarried a slob who tried to molest me till I kicked him in the balls. My idiot drugged mother had me sent to a school for unruly kids. 

I started high school and lived in and out of foster homes. I started smoking as a pre-teen and still smoked today. I'm still trying to kick the habit. I did try drugs and went to counseling. I was eventually put with a foster family that cared about me, not just the money they received for putting up with me. They really helped me. I gave up all but smoking cigarettes. My grades improved and I was able to get a small scholarship and go to community college.

I took up banking because I was pretty good with business machines and numbers. I worked at a carry-out to earn extra money while going to college. I stayed at a rooming house with six other girls, including Rita. At least it made it affordable for all of us.

I dated a few guys while in college. I no longer just slept with anyone. I decided that I wanted more then just sex with every guy. I wanted relationships and friends. I wanted to be part of a family. I wanted the dream house and a nice husband and kids.

As far as my looks go, I'm a decent looking gal. I was almost anorexic from doing the drugs. Now I'm clean and eat a lot more sensibly. I've really tried hard to shape up and stay clean. It isn't easy but I'm doing it. Rita calls me a red headed knock out. I will admit that since I gained a few pounds my clothes do look a lot nicer on me. I really liked the Tinker Bell outfit I rented. It fit so well and I felt sexy wearing it. A few of my dancing partners must have thought so too the way they kept trying to grope me.

After we graduated, Rita and I shared an apartment; of course, we now worked at the same bank. Life was finally getting better for me. I was kind of hoping that Glen might call but tried not to think about it.

On Tuesday, I was in the copy room and didn't notice someone come up behind me. He tapped me on the shoulder and I quickly jumped and gave out a slight squeal. It was Glen, standing there grinning at me.

I smiled when I saw who it was. "Would you stop sneaking up on me and scaring me half to death?" I smiled at Glen. He was even better looking dressed in his tight shirt and jeans.

"I told you I'd be by to see you. Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?" he asked.

God, how could I say no? I told him where I lived and we set up a time. I did tell him only dinner and conversation and he just laughed. I didn't want him to think I was too easy.

As soon as he left, I went up to Rita to tell her the good news. She was already grinning; she saw him when he came in.

Our first date went well. We had a nice dinner and he was telling me a lot about his job. He told me that he stayed at a motel in town and went home about sixty miles away on the weekends. 

"Would you like to spend Monday through Thursday evenings with me? I'm pretty much alone here and would enjoy your company."

"Can we take it a day at a time for awhile and see how it turns out. After all we've just met and had one date?"

He agreed and, when he took me back to my apartment, he just kissed me and left. He didn't even try to go further.

On Thursday Glen called. "Would you like to go swimming?" he asked me.

"Where could we go swimming? It's nearly freezing out?"

"My motel has an indoor pool and the water is heated."

I smiled at him and of course I said yes to him.

He came by to pick me up. I didn't own a car yet. Rita and I usually rode to work together or I took a cab.

I went to his room and changed in his bathroom. I wore my green two piece suit. I put on a cotton bathrobe and went into his room. He was standing there in a tight bathing suit which didn't hide a lot. He had a sculpted shape body with six pack abs. He slipped on a robe also and we headed to the pool. There were only a few people there. We took off our robes.

"My God," said Glen. "You're so beautiful and I love the way your green bathing suit makes your red hair stand out." 

I felt a little embarrassed with his attention as we got into the pool. The water felt great.

Glen came up to me and squeezed me to him as we kissed. It was too hard to resist. He was rubbing my butt under the water; I let him. We only stayed in the pool for a short time. We both knew that we were going back up into his room and make love, have sex, do the nasty. You can call it whatever you want.

When we got back to the room, I didn't even waste time going into the bathroom. I took off my swim suit and lay upon his bed. He climbed on and started by rubbing my red hair-covered mound. It wasn't long before he was mounting me and driving his hard cock into me. I came twice that evening. When he took me home, it was quite late but Rita had waited up for me to hear all the juicy details. She then told me she got laid herself that night. Her boyfriend had just left about an hour before I got home. 

After that night, I went out with Glen every Monday and Thursday and we had our sexual encounters both evenings. Life was really starting to look bright for me. Glen was the only man that I was seeing.

After a couple of weeks, I asked Glen about his family. I had explained to him about my past and that I had no one. He told me that I had him.

He revealed a little bit more about his family. His parents had died three years before in a fire at their house. He had a sister, Doris, who was a few years older than him. He also had twin brothers who were mentally challenged. He said that was the new word for them being retarded. They were twenty-one but had minds of six year olds. He went home on weekends to make sure they were all taken care of.

I really felt sorry for him and thought what a good man he was, taking care of his family. He told me family was very important to him.

One day, Rita called me into her office. She was in charge of accounts information. All loan processing for our bank went through her. 

"Tammy, I'm updating files and came across Glen Raven. I know I could get in trouble for showing you Glen's background but I just thought you should see it."

"Is it bad? Am I going to be truly disappointed?" I asked Rita. 

"On the contrary, Glen has A+ credit. He borrowed three hundred thousand dollars around three years ago and paid the loan off in six months. A year ago, he borrowed thirty thousand dollars and paid it back in less then two months. According to his balance sheet, he owns a mountain. It doesn't list net worth but I don't think he has any money problems."

"Thanks, Rita. It makes me feel better knowing he wants me for something other than my money." We both had a good laugh from that one.

Rita said, "Don't let him know you found out any of this information from me. We could both get fired. Oh, one more thing I should tell you."

Rita hesitated. 

"Well what is it?" I asked.

"On his last loan form from last year, it had him listed as a widower. Just thought you should know."

"Wow, he never mentioned that. It might still be too painful."

"Tammy, I'll let you know if I find out anything else. I know you are pretty serious about Glen. It's beginning to show through your happiness."

Glen and I had been dating over three months now. We really seemed good together. Once in awhile, we double dated with Rita and her boyfriend. We also went out with a couple of Glen's friends and their wives or girlfriends, depending on whether or not they were married; most of the time it was just Glen and me. 

Glen came and picked me up for a date and he seemed very serious. We went out and while we were waiting for our meal, Glen asked me to marry him.

I was dumbfounded. "Glen," I said, "We have only been dating a few months and hardly know each other. Why the sudden rush?"

He told me he was due to go back home to his regular district in two weeks. He wouldn't be coming down this way very often.

"Tammy, I love you. I know we haven't known each other very long. You said you don't have any family and I will be going home to my sister and brothers. I want us to be together. I don't know what it would be like without seeing you and I don't want to find out. We're good together and I believe we belong together. Please say yes and I'll take you home with me."

"Glen, there are so many questions. I know very little about you. I have a job here at the bank and where would we live? I don't know Glen, it's so sudden."

"Look, Honey, I want you in my life. I have a home, a job; I'll take good care of you. That's not what I mean. I want us to be together and share our lives. I'll tell you anything you want to know. Just ask me."

I thought about asking him about his dead wife, but if I did he might get aggravated. After all, he hadn't done anything wrong and asked me to be his wife. Why was I so skeptical? Damn me! He's the best thing that had ever happened to me and it might all end if I don't say yes.

"Glen, just tell me more about yourself and family and I'll just listen. I'm mixed up and feeling kind of crazy right now. You're the best thing that has ever happened to me and I don't want to lose you."

"Okay, Honey. I was born and raised in West Virginia. I've always lived in Ravens-Glen. It was named after my grandpa and it was my dad's name and then mine. We all had different middle names so I'm not a 3rd. I'm just good old boy Glen Bob Raven. I have an older sister, Doris, and two brothers which I already told you about. My grandparents were killed about ten years ago. My parents were killed three years ago and ...... And I didn't tell you but I was married for a month and Amy Lou was killed in an auto accident just a year ago. If you don't mind, I would prefer not to talk about those deaths right now. It's not something I talk about to anyone but I will tell you about them later if it's all right with you."

I could see he was tearing up. God, that must have been hard for him. He continued to tell me about his life and how he played sports and was the hero a number of times. He could have gone to college on a scholarship but said he wanted to be a telephone lineman. He liked to watch the men climb poles when he was a kid and said that's what he wanted to be when he grew up. He went to a tech school and then took schooling through the company. He's been climbing poles for about four years now. He said he was twenty-six. I asked him if I was crazy enough to run off with him, what about my job and when would we get married.

"Well, Honey, the bank you work for has an office about ten miles from my house on the mountain. I figured you could transfer there. I think with a little pull there wouldn't be a problem. My family has been banking with your firm for a good number of years."

"Glen, I don't have a car."

"I'll buy you a car. Any kind you want. Just say yes."

"When, Glen? When do you want to do this getting married?"

"I figure in two weeks after I finish this job, you and I can fly to Las Vegas and get hitched. We can take our honeymoon there and then we can come back and I'll take you to your new home as my wife."

I was crying. It was like you would read in a fairytale. We would live happily ever after.

I said, "Oh, what the heck! I only live once." I leaned over the table and gave Glen a kiss and said, "Yes."

For the next week, I ran around like crazy. Everyone was congratulating me on landing Glen. I told them I didn't land him. I was surprised when he asked me but I was glad he did. I talked with my boss and when he found out I was marrying Glen Raven, he okayed my transfer. Everything was set as I kissed and hugged my friends at the bank goodbye. Rita and Brett both said they would come over some weekend to see us.

Our honeymoon was great. We ran around Las Vegas by day and made passionate love by night. The first time he took me from behind at the motel I remembered that's how I met him. Ramming the pussy of some women. Well, he was royally fucking me; I asked him who that woman was. He stopped pumping and reminded me that both of our sexual pasts would be just that, our pasts. I didn't say anything to him again about it. I just enjoyed the hard pumping he was giving me.

Our week went by too quickly. Now I was headed for parts unknown with my husband who I had only known for three months. On our flight back, we stopped in Ohio and I said hi to my friends and picked up what few possessions I owned, mostly clothes. The furniture I had bought with Rita I told her she could have.

Glen had to stop by the Ohio office and pick up his last check and a few belongings. I walked in with him and was in the waiting room. I heard a loud conversation going on in one of the offices. Being nosy, I got up and walked slowly back and I could see Glen arguing with a woman. She was frantic. She reached up to slap him and he caught her arm and squeezed it.

I heard her say, "I'll kill the damn bitch, you bastard." Then, I couldn't believe what happened. Glen backhanded the woman and knocked her to the floor.

"If I find out you bothered her in any way, I'll come back and kill you." Glen was in a mad rage.

I didn't know what to think as I hurried back to where I belonged in the waiting room. 

Glen came out and said, "Let's get out of here." 

I didn't know what to think or do. I hurried behind him and out the door we went. He seemed to calm down as we crossed the bridge into West Virginia.

I asked, "How far do we have to go now?"

He told me, "It is a good twenty miles to Parkersburg and then another good ten miles up the mountain." 

As we drove through Parkersburg he pointed to the bank I would be working at. He started up the mountain roads. He knew them like the back of his hand, twisting and turning. 

"You will have to drive a lot slower and be careful of the curves. The roads are all paved but if the speed limit says 25 M.P.H., they mean it,"Glen said.

On the way up the hill, we went through a little burg where he stopped. "I want you to meet a few people. I only live about another six miles up the road." 

This burg had a combination gas station and general store and a bar. There was also a small motel for the wayward traveler who either lost his way or was with a woman he shouldn't be with. Glen said the motel was always full.

We entered the bar and it was loaded with - what should I call them? Country hicks, back woods people. I think a cowboy hat and boots was a requirement to come in this place. The women wore halter tops and either shorts, jeans, or dresses with their tits hanging out. Everyone said hi to Glen and he introduced me. It was odd that every guy gave me a hug but not one tried to touch my boobs or butt. I think they were afraid of Glen.

The women were all hugging and kissing Glen. I knew he was getting quite a few feels. Just hearing the talk around the bar, I would bet Glen laid every one of these women. The guys were nice enough to me but I felt that something wasn't being said. I didn't know at the time but there was a lot of history on this mountain and in this burg.
