 The newbie learns more about Scooter and Scooter's world. He also continues his transformation. 

All the characters are over 18. 

This chapter has MM and MMF sex. If that is a problem for you please look elsewhere. 

The horror in this chapter is not particularly horrific, unless the idea of a vampire relating a bit of his back story is horrifying. 

Thanks to LarryInSeattle. 

=========== 

In my mind I saw the sun. It rode high in the sky but had yet to complete half its journey toward night. Scooter lay, still as death, at my side. His head impossibly warm against my arm. He breathed no more than I did but I grew certain that if he did, it would carry the warmth of life, a warmth that should not be. I felt my body draw strength from his blood. It was impossible for him to reclaim all that his body had deposited in my own. 

Though the sun shone bright in the world above the mountain, I could move my arms now. I did not move the left, the one the defiler of my body now rested upon. I moved only my right. I clenched and unclenched my fist. I examined the sharp nails that glinted before my eyes though my world was devoid of light. I wonder if I could rip his throat open and drink enough of his strength to have a chance of prevailing over him. 

"Not a chance, newbie." His voice was amused. He did not move. He spoke inside my head. 

"Why did your blood carry nothing of you, nothing besides your strength?" I asked, silently. "With the others, their blood was laced with their memories. I drank their lives as fully as I drank their blood. With you there was nothing except heat and power." 

"Bitch, fuck you. Did I give you the impression I had hocked my balls? You think wanting to suck on that brown dick of yours made me go all pussy in the knees, made me want to spill the Lifetime biodrama of my life to you? Fuck dude, I got more gravitas than that in my farts, not that I fart anymore. I fucking miss that sometimes. A fucking fart is always a good way to dispense with too much heavy shit, right? 'Excuse me, Mr. Taylor, but the board really must insist that you..' and I raised up on one cheek and let a fucking pants ripper go, stinky mother fucker, too - a goddamn beer, Cheez-It and Hershey bar fart, bitch it even made me gag. Anyway, all it took was one fart to avoid answering the CEO of daddy's little conglomerate. 

I should have kill that little fuckwad but that's all he was, a little fuckwad turd of a man. He was a true believer that the world was better off with more forms, more rules, and more meetings. He wasn't evil, just fucking boring. He was duller than Vanilla Ice, if you can believe that shit." 

I snarled in frustration. I knew what a fart was. I knew at one time he had been 'Mr. Taylor'. The rest was so much gibberish. 

"Relax, mother fucker. Relax," Scooter snarled back but I felt no anger in his retort. "Shut the fuck up for five fucking minutes. I'll endeavor to enlighten your pretty little brown ass. Open up bitch, here it comes." 

My body stiffened. My back arched off the stony ground. My mind was filled with images I could not understand. 

"Relax, dude. Relax. Don't fight it. Let it be, dude. Let it be. Great fucking tune but that's a story for another day. Quit fighting. Practice breathing through your third eye or you dick or something but chill the fuck out." 

"I no longer breathe air." I hissed between gritted teeth. "Mother bitch," I added in frustration. Scooter chuckled. 

"You got spirit even if you got no breath, 'Bitch' or 'mother fucker' or 'bitch ass mother fucker' or even 'mother fucking bitch' are all acceptable newbie but 'mother bitch' won't cut warm shit, dude. If you did breathe, slow it down, in one nostril and out the other, ain't that the way it works?" 

I did not deem his jest worthy of a reply but I did pretend to breathe. It worked, after a fashion. 

"Now, this is where I'm from." 

I saw an ocean. It looked much like the oceans I had seen. Beyond that, all was confusion. There were people. People such as Scooter. Many were as brown as me, some darker still, almost black. I had seen such men on the far ocean, traders darker than even the southrons of my home. Though the people of Scooter's home were close in color to my own, like him many had pale hair and blue eyes. The women were indecent. It was apparent that Scooter's world was as sun baked as my own. The men wore loincloths but ones that gathered between the legs and appeared uncomfortable in the extreme. The woman were barely clothed. They wore scant patches of fabric over their yonis, bums, and breasts. Their nipples were plainly visible. Even caught in the sun sleep, my linga grew hard. 

"Damn right, dude, chicks on that beach were always fucking smoking hot." Scooter's thoughts interrupted my outrage. "Newbie, do me a favor huh? Save the commentary and outrage until the end of the film. Until then, shut the fuck up already. That's Roatan. An island in a country called Honduras. Fucking one of the best places to dive, back then anyway." Scooter's thoughts were soft and wreathed in a wistful sadness for what had been. 

"That's where it started. Well, for me anyway." 

--- 

I did not hear Scooter's voice in my ears. I heard him in my mind. Along with his words came visions, some I understood, some I understood only fragments and others, too many, were mysteries. I saw Scooter descend from a long gleaming body with a gaping hole in its side. It screamed but remained motionless. Scooter was garbed in one of the strange loincloths and a blue smock... 

That's not a fucking smock newbie. It's a Bob Marley tee shirt. I'm not wearing a loincloth, those are board shorts. The gleaming body is a jet, daddy's private jet and it ain't screaming, those are the engines. I'll save you time and worry. The dark coverings over my eyes are sunglasses, shades, and even humans have trouble with bright lights. Behind me is Mick. Most of the time we called him Empty not Mick. Empty and I borrowed daddy's G4 to do some diving in Roatan. 

Believe it or not, we tried to blend in, hard to do when you arrive in a G4 but we took a regular taxi into town. The hotel we crashed at was a cheap seedy dump favored by divers. The owners looked the other way at what went on in the rooms. They didn't care how much you fucked or smoked or drank in your room. They weren't doing any fucking laundry. You stay there a month and wanted clean sheets, well fuck you, bitch, the Laundromat is across the street. Neither Empty nor I was carrying. One of the crew would bring the ganja to the hotel later. Daddy had the cash and the clout to spring us out of almost any joint this side of Iran but I had no fucking desire to check out the inside of a Honduran prison for even a few hours. Once the shit was in the hotel we were copacetic. 

It was hotter than shit and we were still hungover from the night before. We dropped our shit on the floor, flipped the sheets to make sure there were no centipedes or any of those fucking little sand lizards in the bed, and crashed. I woke up to dried blood on the pillow and the side of my face. 

Empty asked if I had called a fucking doctor about the nose bleeds yet. Fuck no I told him. The fucker did tits and faces. He wasn't a fucking doctor, not really. We had planned to dive the Labyrinth but I felt like shit. I told Empty to go on. I really wanted to dive the Odyssey wreck. I planned to chill and save some kilocals for the Odyssey dive. Empty shrugged. I told him to fuck off and to try not to fucking drown and ruin my vacation. 

I went back to sleep. When I woke, the clock said it was almost two in the afternoon. I sniffed the Marley I had been wearing. It would do for another day. I only brought two, one to wear and one to wash. I waited for the silverfish to crawl out of the sink and splashed cold water on my face. My fucking hair looked like Edward Scissorhands on a bad day. I jerked out the worst of the tangles with my fingers, stashed the ganja in the base of the lamp, and went to get something to eat. 

After a quick stop at the closest bar on the beach, I carried my plate of fish tacos. I loved to order fish tacos, always sounded like I was ordering up pussy. Right? They were shrimp tacos anyway. I carried them and a bucket of Coronas out to the beach and flopped my ass down under a palm tree. I drained a Corona, wolfed a couple of the tacos, convinced my stomach to not barf, and had another Corona, a little more slowly the second time. I finished the last taco and was licking the hot sauce off my fingers when they approached. 

I noticed the woman first. She was tanned with long black hair pulled back in a ponytail. Her tits were full and rode high on her chest, nips showing through the bikini top. She smiled, white teeth, the bottom ones crooked, not a lot but enough it wasn't hard to see. That meant she wasn't rich. Rich people always have perfect teeth. They might wander around dressed like the homeless but when they open their mouths you can tell if they had money or not. 

The dude looked to be an inch or two shorter than me. He was cut, nice ab definition, buzzed hair. He didn't smile. He eyed me. It wasn't a pissing contest stare. It was a curiosity stare, but it was a stare. 

"May we share your shade?" 

She had an accent, Russian I supposed. She sounded like Natasha from the Rocky and Bullwinkle show. 

I shrugged and continued licking my fingers. They sat down on my left. 

"I'm Alexis and this," she jerked a thumb over her shoulder at the dude, "is my fiancé, Mikhail." He nodded but did not speak. Too bad, I wanted to hear if he sounded like Boris. I pondered asking her to say, "Look Boss, it's moose and squirrel" but I didn't feel like being a fucking douche bag at the moment. 

"Beer?" I offered twisting a top off one of the four remaining brews. I kicked myself for not saying "brewski". I still wasn't feeling all that great and the two beers had dulled my normally rapier repartee. 

"Da," the dude said reaching around Alexis to grab the beer. I opened one for her and a third for myself and stretched back to lie in the sand. The palm fronds waved in the ocean breeze and patterns of red and black played over my eyelids. I didn't stay on my back for long. If there is sand there are sand fleas, count on it, newbie. I sat up cussing and began to scratch at my back. 

"Let me help please." 

Alexis started brushing the sand away from my shoulders and back with her fingers. Her hands felt cool on my skin. When she was finished brushing away the sand, she began to draw her nails lightly over my skin. I've always fucking love that. I could fucking feel my eyelids start to slide down at the first fucking touch, I'm not shitting you, bitch, first fucking swipe and I was half asleep. 

I dropped my head onto my chest, rounded my shoulders and let her go. If she wanted to scratch my back with her fiancé sitting right there it wasn't any skin off my fucking ass. Right? 

"Ah, what is your name my friend?" she asked in a silky voice. The fucking accent was growing on me. I felt like I was in a Bond movie or something. 

"Scooter, not my real name but it'll do," I replied. 

"Is funny name, Scooter." 

"Yup, funny name," I agreed. 

"Scooter, Mikhail and I were looking for someone cool, someone who would maybe like to party. Yes?" 

I rolled my head enough to look at her. She smiled. Beside her, Mikhail had his shorts pushed below his balls and was stroking his cock. Fuckers preferred a direct approach, that's for sure. 

I reached and put my right hand on the back of her head and pulled her toward me. I shoved my tongue into her mouth, tasted Corona and tobacco. When I released her, Mikhail's face wore a little smirk. His cock was still out. It was a nice enough cock but nothing to write home about. 

"Party yes," I replied to Alexis, stood, and pulled her to her feet. I offered my other hand and pulled her fiancé to his feet. I wasn't totally clear on the fucking rules. To clarify, I step in front of him and kissed him. He pushed his tongue into my mouth. Okay. Now I knew the rules. 

I turned and walked toward the hotel, not bothering to see if they followed. I stopped and got another bucket of Coronas. Back inside the room, I saw no reason for reticence. I sat the beer down on the table, kicked my thongs off, shucked my shorts and my Marley and climbed into bed. Mikhail stripped. He twisted the top off a beer and chugged it while Alexis began to suck his cock. 

I swung around, laid on my back, and let my head hang over the side of the bed. I pulled Alexis around with my hands and then tugged her bikini bottom to one side. She was facing away from me, bent at the waist sucking on Mikhail's cock. I put my hands on her hips and pulled her down to my mouth. She was smooth, too smooth to have been a shave job, money or not, her snatch had been waxed. She had a big ole clit, the kind I love to suck on. It's a little cock hiding in a women's cunt. 

I ran my tongue up and down her girl shaft, flicking the tip with my tongue. She started bouncing up and down on my face, moaning around the cock in her mouth. I love the sound of a chick moaning when you're burying your face in her cunt. I stepped up my game and went downtown on that pussy newbie. I slurped her rock hard pussy nub into my mouth and lashed it with my tongue. I sucked it into my mouth and flicked the tip with my tongue. When I felt her tensing up, I'd stop, tilt my head a little further back, and drive my tongue deep into her twat. 

I was fucking drowning in her juice. My cheeks were slick. Pussy juice bubbled in and out of my right nostril as I breathed. I don't know if she was what people call a squirter or not but she was running like hot water over my face. 

I pushed her off my face. She groaned in protest. I told her to turn around. She did and I pulled her back onto my waiting mouth. I didn't need to beckon Mikhail. He stepped behind her and his cock slid into her pussy at the same time my tongue started doing a jig on her clit. I let him get his cock nice and slicked up before I tilted a little further and started tonguing it. I pressed my tongue on the underside of his meat and felt Alexis' cunt juice roll down my tongue. 

We got into a rhythm. He'd fuck her for a few strokes then pull out and fuck my mouth for a few strokes. In the position I was in, neck stretched out like that, I could have swallowed a cock twice as long as his. 

When he didn't pull out I knew he was close. I turned my head and got as much of my mouth over her pussy and his pounding cock as I could without interfering too much with the fucking he was giving her. Damn, newbie, he was slamming into her cunt like a fucking psycho. She was howling. I swear to fucking God the walls were vibrating from all the reverb coming off the sound of him smacking into her pussy. 

Unlike most dudes he didn't stop fucking as he came. He added his grunts to her wailing and I began to taste jizz in my mouth as he kept pounding her with his cock. Finally, he pulled out and I moved in. I clamped my mouth over her cunt and shoved my tongue as far into her cum hole as I could. I licked and sucked his jizz and her juices, all the while he was rubbing the slick head of his cock on my forehead. When I had drained as much from her pussy as I could manage, I opened my mouth for his cock. He stuffed his slowly softening rod deep into my throat and I sucked him clean. 

Alexis was fingering her clit while I did this. I couldn't believe she hadn't cum yet. I let go of Mikhail's cock and redoubled by efforts on her clit. I spread her with one hand and buried the fingers of the other inside her twat. Between the working of my fingers, my tongue, and my lips, she began to bounce and shimmy across my face. Her legs tightened on my head and she let loose with a staccato series of high pitched whines. She sounded a little too much like nails on a chalkboard for my taste but what the fuck, who doesn't sound fucking ridiculous when they cum? Right? 

She collapsed beside me, out of the game for now. I rolled onto my stomach and climbed to my knees. Mikhail wasn't even breathing hard. His uncut cock was caught somewhere between limp and full on boner. I reached for his hand and pulled him onto the bed. I rolled him on his back and looked at his body. 

He was as smooth as Alexis. No armpit hair, no chest hair, no pubes, and no hair on the legs, just the stubble of his buzzed scalp. 

I pushed his knees to his chest and sucked one of his balls into my mouth. As with his fiancé, I felt no stubble on my tongue. His balls were heavy, despite the load he'd just deposited in Alexis' cunt. I let go of that one and suck the other into my mouth. At the touch of my wet mouth, his nut sack tightened. I tugged gently, not sure with my new friend where the line between hot and hurt lie. 

I moved lower, wedging my pussy-slick cheeks between his. My tongue began to caress his asshole. I felt it twitching beneath my tongue. I nipped along the sides of his crack. I slobbered all over his hole, pulled back, made a ramrod of my tongue, and penetrated him. It was his turn to moan. His hips began to rock. I pulled his ass cheeks apart with my hands and drove my tongue deeper. 

I savored the bitter earthy tang on my tongue. Beside us, Alexis wiggled closer and began to kiss her fiancé. I could catch glimpses of her between his ball sack, cock, and thigh. She had one eye on me as well. His cock was no longer undecided. It was hard and shiny, precum dangling from the head, or maybe in this case post cum. 

I pulled my mouth away from him. His asshole winked. I stood on the bed and squatted, rubbing spit over my cock as I pushed it down. He did not protest. He reached up and hooked his arms behind his knees. I lowered myself, pressing my cock against his pucker. There was a moment of resistance and then I was inside him. I continued to lower my squat until my balls were smashed between his ass and my body. 

I pulled out slowly. I let my cock slip out of his ass, then re-entered him. I popped the head of my cock in and out of his ass a few times before going deep again. Once I was sure he was loose enough, that my cock was wet enough, I fucked him. 

I fucked him like he had fucked Alexis, hard. I spent hours a day most days squatting on a surfboard. When I wasn't surfing I worked out. I was rich baby. Being on time was not on my list of shit to deal with. I had no trouble doing squat thrusts on his ass. For the first time in weeks, I didn't feel tired. I felt fully alive. I was balls deep in a hot dude's ass and I wanted to fuck. 

I filled his ass, newbie, fucking filled it. He was shitting my cum for a week, don't doubt it, bitch, don't doubt it. I pulled out and collapsed beside him. Alexis was still kissing him. Suddenly, I was as tired as I had ever been. I was breathing like I'd just finished the Badwater ultramarathon. My heart was pounding and my head was spinning. I don't think I could have stood up. 

I was laying there wondering if I had just fucked myself to death when the door opened. 

"Fucking hell, Scooter what the fuck you fucking in my bed for?! Fucking son of a bitch goddamn cock sucking asshole! Fuck!" 

Even as light-headed as I was, Empty's outrage made me giggle. 

--- 

The dark cavern echoed with Scooter's laughter, real laughter, not a ghost laugh inside my mind. 

I made introductions, not that Empty was in the mood to say hi to my new friends. I invited them to go diving. They said no thanks and we made plans to meet the next night after we got back from diving the Odyssey wreck. To make it up to Empty, I phoned our co-pilot, Roger, and asked him if he'd mind bringing us some brews and pizza, get himself some too. It was no problem of course. After my Russian friends left, we left the door open to get some air. There was no AC in that dump. The room reeked of pussy and cum. I wasn't surprised when Roger elected not to stay and join us for dinner. I only ate half a slice and I didn't have any beer. I gulped down two liter bottles of water over the next hour and fell asleep amid the wreckage of Empty's bed. He slept in mine so I don't know what he was pissed about. 
