 We watch you enter the room.

You cannot see us, you don't even have an idea that we exist, but we have been watching you for days. Idle thoughts and strange sensations of passing hands or the feel of a breath you barely register have been about you, yet you ignore the warnings. But for us, for us this is our calling and you, young man, will be our sacrifice. 

We float about, unrestrained by material walls as you undress and start your shower. We admire your stature, the way you move and know that at least we will enjoy the coming experience.

You step into the shower and start to wash, I float down behind you, slowly trailing my fingers along your back and shoulders. You look up from washing your hair and look behind you. I smile, knowing you see nothing but a shimmer in the steam. You feel warmer and something hot on your back, but seeing nothing, continue to wash.

I lean by body into yours and you turn again at the odd feelings behind you. An idea enters your mind that you are not alone but with a chuckle ignore it. I openly run my hands along your back, then press forward, slip my arms under yours and my hands to your muscular chest.

Now you stop and look down. What is this I imagine you're thinking? Your breath quickens as you are convinced you feel tight nipples pressing into your back, hands on your chest and the room getting warmer still.

A gentle kiss makes you want to spin about, but you cannot. You're locked by my grasp as I kiss your back and my hands scratch down your chest and belly. Looking down and growing afraid you're convinced you see an arm in the water. 

You're spun and hit the back wall of the shower. Sputtering and scared you barely see my shape in the mist, long dark wet hair and a strange glow in my eyes. You try to speak but the hand on your chest pushes harder. You feel a hand in your hair and your head rocks back, kisses on your neck and the feel of a soft wet body pressing against you.

My hand trails down your body and you feel it grasp your cock, rubbing up and down as it swells. I release your hair and start to massage your balls, rolling them gently but firmly. A quick squeeze makes you jump, but you're held against the wall and no mere human can overpower me.

I kiss and lick my way down your chest, gently bite and lick. You see my form in the steam, the air hot and humid and feel me rub my cheek on your swollen member. The feel of a tongue almost makes you explode but were not ready for you yet. I lick the sides, tease your shaft and head and wait for the passion to build.

Then something changes. You shiver as a cold draft appears above you. As I work your cock, firmer hands grab your hair and you see two deep icy blue eyes looking into yours through the steam. Cold rage spikes into your mind and you try to pull away. The pleasure you feel from me is now mixed with a sense of dread.

As I continue to pleasure you, my spirit sister kisses you hard, forcing her lips on you and a cold tongue battles with yours. Icy kisses bite your neck and work down your chest to your cock. Where I was gentle, she is harsh and you see cold marks appear as she moves toward me. You gasp as you feel two tongues lick your shaft, one fiery and hot, the other icy taking you to sensations you never imagined.

My sister grabs your balls, making them tighter with the chill while I slide my mouth over the head of your cock and take you into me. You gasp and the icy massage on your balls grows harder, driving you further into passion. I lick the top of your head and start to pump my hand when you explode into the shower, my sister squeezes your balls and drags sharp nails across your lower back. 

As you recover your breathing slows and you try to look around. A chill seeps into you as you hear a tight growl in your ear and feel me move away.

You're thrown roughly on the floor of the shower on your back, your cock still somehow hard and pressing against your belly. The water is hitting your face and you grow scared but I lay beside you. I brush the water from your eyes, you try to speak but a forceful "Shush" in your ear catches your voice. You are moving your head around so I slip a nipple into your mouth and you hear me whisper, "Be well, it's almost over..."

This does not help. You try frantically to get up as two icy legs straddle your hips pushing you down. Your cock slides into my icy sister's body as she grinds her hips on you. This is not the warm embrace you had just moments before. The hips grind with a rage that terrifies you, yet you watch your cock, standing straight in the air, the shimmer of a woman on top of you, as nails bite into your chest. I hold your head still, keep my nipple in your mouth and gently kiss you as my sister ravages you.

Despite your fear you quickly orgasm, stronger than before. You cry out and hear my sister's cruel laugh as she draws every drop out of you. Finally you stop and the icy thighs withdraw. Your spent cock falls on your belly, feeling cold lying upon you, your balls tight and withdrawn.

My sister stands above you for a moment and you fear she is not done, then the eyes flash their hatred one last time and are gone. I linger but for a moment, one last brush of your hair, a warm kiss on your forehead then fade. Leaving you spent and exhausted on the floor of the shower.