 “Where are we going Father?”

“You have been chosen child”

I didn’t question and I didn’t hesitate to follow him down the stairs as he locked the door behind us.  I could hear chanting from somewhere below but still I was like a lamb being led to slaughter.  I was innocent and unknowing, ready to give myself freely to whom had chosen me or been chosen for me.  The training in the confessional had prepared me for this, I knew this.  It had been instilled into my subconscious mind.   I was to submit.  This was what I had been prepared for.  I would be fertile soon.  

The chanting was growing louder as we got closer.  Suddenly, we found ourselves in a large circular room with altar like platforms scattered around in some sort of pattern I couldn’t discern.  All were occupied with women and girls, some I knew.  All altars were the same shape and size except the white one in the center of the room was larger.  Each was the shape of a prone person, much like the chalk outline of a crime scene body except each had clamps to lock the wrists above the heads of the nude women that were lain out on them and clamps to hold the ankles, with their legs stretched wide exposing them. Each altar was about groin height from the floor and was split so men could stand between the women’s legs and have access to them.  Around the room were masked men in brown robes walking in a circle around the room.  They were the ones chanting.  

I watched in fascination as I was led to the large white altar in the middle of the room and told to stand upon it.   There were ramps along either side to walk up on. There were no clamps upon this altar like the others; there were clamps for my wrists hanging down from the ceiling.   Instinctively I disrobed for all to see and my robe was laid back upon the altar behind me.   I instinctively raised my hands to the restraints and had them snapped closed around my wrists by Father Jason.  I only saw him hiding in the shadows after that, watching.  He had delivered me.  

There were moans of approval of all in the room as I was suspended there for them to see. There were two men, identical twins stationed beside me that did not take part in the ritual going on around the room.  They concentrated their attention upon on me and would rub their engorged hardness between my legs from behind and in front of me.  They were gorgeous muscular types, I thought body builders except they had strange eyes and their manhood’s were harder, larger and longer than I had ever seen before and reddened like they were sunburned with large swollen purplish red heads. They were hot to the touch also and when they were placed against me the heat would penetrate and excite me. When the one behind me would slide his hardness between my legs and rub against my swollen lips, I could look down and see his rod sticking out five or six inches past my love mound. 

As the chanting progressed, the robes fell to the floor and each man would take his position between the legs of a woman and in certain parts of the chant, each would enter her thrusting to the pace of the chant. When the chant would order them to move, they would withdraw and move to another woman.  Occasionally a man would release his seed into a woman and then move on.  As the men moved around the room woman to woman, one or two would come up to me, run their hands over me tweaking my breasts, suckling at them and rubbing against me, never entering me but sliding their engorged cocks across my swelling pussy.  The two hunks beside me would hold me for them.  I knew this was to prepare me subconsciously, for I knew this was the mating chant and it was working.  I could feel my body preparing its self for my chosen mate. My juices were flowing, I could feel the moisture seeping from me and running down my thighs.  I could see my moisture glistening on the men’s cocks as they moved away from me, my moisture and that of the other women.  

This went on for hours and still none entered me.  It was torture for me.  I could feel and smell the heat from my pussy; my flower was completely swollen open, wanting to feel the hardness of an engorged cock enter me.  Still I watched and waited as the chant kept on and those around the room mated with all of the women stretched out for them.  I watched as each man entered and ejaculated as he moaned in his release. The women were moaning in their releases also and begging for more.  I was begging for mine.  Still they only came to me and rubbed against me heightening my desire to mate and still no mate.  I was covered in sweat, mine and the others as they rubbed themselves against me.  My swollen pussy and legs were covered with cum of the others but still, none was inside me.  I wondered how much longer it would be before one would slip and enter me or what would happen if one did?  The men were finally getting exhausted and the chant finally stopped.  I watched as the men unfastened the women and they all approached me and stood around the altar.  Finally the two men who had stood behind unfastened my wrists and laid me back upon my robe.  

I had been too mesmerized by the mating going on around me that I had somewhat forgotten about their enormous engorgements. They were huge, larger than I had ever seen and as they laid me back I reached for them, wanting them both.  Were these to be my mates I thought as I gripped their hot poles and tried to bring each to my open flower?  

Each took a turn rubbing them against me, passing the engorged head of their cocks across my opening of want, pausing only long enough for me to buck up to it and try to get it to enter me.  Each time they would pull away.  I could see my juices and those of the others that had rubbed against me coating their engorged heads but it wasn’t until I was aware of a chant starting that they each finally positioned themselves and took turns entering me.  Their entries were sudden and hard bringing gasps from me as they thrust in hard and bottomed out burying the entire length of their cocks inside me.  Thrust in and pull out and change places, Thrust in and pull out and change places.  

I was withering in ecstasy and tried to wrap my legs around them to keep them in but found my legs were held down by the others. Their cocks felt hot inside me.  Suddenly they stopped and before they moved their cocks away, they each held their cock against my opening and slowly pushed the head in and cum inside me, just filling the opening of my sex.  It felt like it seared my opening it felt so hot.  With that done, they started caressing me with their hands. All in the room were reaching and caressing me.  I had not cum with them inside me and was disappointed in my need. 

“Hail Master, Lord of Darkness, your chosen mate awaits you,” was being repeated over and over.  

I was suddenly aware of excitement in the room as the crowd began to part and this large creature moved over to me.  I was not frightened of this thing.  I would have been if I had not been prepared for him.  He was ugly and scaly but beautiful to me.  As he climbed upon our mating altar, I wanted him and reached out to him. His cock was huge and scaly, hot in my hands as I guided it to me and slid the engorged head across my opening several times wetting it.  I held it to me as he suddenly thrust into me causing me to scream in sudden pain and ecstasy.  I had never felt anything so hot and large inside me.  I felt like I was being pulled inside out as he began thrusting in and out.  It was at first painful but as he continued, I was pushed past the pain and was in ecstasy.   It was one continuous intense orgasm the whole time he was inside me thrusting away.  When he came, the heat from him intensified and it felt like my insides were being scalded but yet I bucked up to meet him and milked him through his release.  He roared in his release as his seed filled me.  His heat was emanating through me and out of me for all to feel.  
The chanting intensified. 

“Hail Mistress, Queen of Darkness, we are your servants.” 

My body was exhausted and fulfilled.  His heat ran from me as he pulled free and puddled under my hips where others gathered it in their hands and rubbed it over me, coating my body with it. It was hot and burned or felt like it was burning as they coated my breasts, stomach and love mound. 

At some point, I passed out and when I awoke, I found I was home in bed wondering about the dream I just had. I was confused.  Had that happened?  Groggily I slipped from the bed and made my way to the bathroom. Again, I was sore when I walked and when I felt there, it was hot.  Actually I felt hot all over and thought as I looked at myself in the mirror, I must be coming down with a fever.   I hope it isn’t the flu I thought as I drank the glass of dark liquid that was there by the sink and went back to bed.  I lay there for a while thinking I would call in sick in the morning and not go to classes.  

When I awoke the next morning feeing terrible, I didn’t even bother calling anyone.  I stayed in bed all day and into the evening.  I got up and ate something and drank the dark liquid that was waiting for me on the counter.  It was there and I drank it.  I didn’t know how it got there and I never thought anything of it.  I went back to bed and slept soundly.  This time when I woke, I felt really refreshed and had this urge to go to back to confession as I had done every evening. This time the urge was unusually strong.  It had been two days since I had been to confession and I had this dying need to go.  I had to; it was all I could think about.  It was an overpowering urge.   It was strange I thought, I had slept through the day and it was now late and dark outside.  

I quickly dressed and slipped into the night.  I didn’t remember even walking there when I found myself outside the church. The door opened and someone beckoned me inside.  It was dark; the way to the door to the inner chamber was lit with only a few candles. Someone was leading me and opened the door as I reached it. As I stood on the landing before the stairs into the depths of the church, I unconsciously undressed and descended the stairs.  I could hear chanting, the same mating chant that I had heard two days before but when I entered the room, there were no women stretched out on the mating altars, everyone were standing around the main altar.  The crowd opened allowing me to walk to my mating altar and lie down upon it.  Hands began caressing my body as I was given more of this dark liquid to drink.  

The chanting rose in volume as each man took turns taking his place between my legs and rubbing the head of his engorged cock against me, swelling the petals of my flower and opening me.  The women caressed me with their hands, running them all over me, tweaking my breasts and clit this time. As my heat rose and moisture seeped from me, the juices coating the swollen head of each of their cocks glistened in the candle light. I could see pearls of cum forming at their openings and sometimes dripping from them but they made no effort to enter me and cum deep inside me.  That I somehow knew was taboo.  I wondered what would happen to them if they did cum inside me.  Many couldn’t hold back very long and shot their loads against my love mound and swollen open flower as they rubbed themselves between my swollen lips.  Others just held themselves close to my love mound and ejaculated on me. I could feel it as it hit and stuck to me and slowly oozed down between my swollen lips and across my opening and finally puddle under me.   

I was fully aroused when the two swollen gods finally began taking turns like before, opening my flower wider and making it more swollen and lubricated for “Him”.  

Again, they didn’t cum deep inside me but held their engorged heads against my opening and just pushed in far enough to have the engorged heads in as I felt them cum, again just filling my opening.  I was puzzled by this as their searing cum did enter me, unlike that of the others that splattered or oozed against me, but not deep inside me as HE would.        

I was suddenly aware of heightened excitement in the room as HE moved over to me.  Again, I wanted him and reached out to him. His huge and scaly cock was quickly thrust into me causing me to scream in sudden ecstasy.  Again it was one continuous intense orgasm the whole time he was inside me thrusting away.  As he thrust into me I ground my groin up into him and managed to get my legs around him as he thrust.  He was holding my hips to him, scratching my sides with his nails and scaly hands.  Again when he came, the heat from him intensified and it felt like my insides were being scalded but yet I bucked up to meet him and milked him through his release this time intensifying mine.  He roared in his release as his seed filled me for the second time.  

Again like before I passed out in sheer exhaustion and awoke the next morning lying nude on my own bed.  This time there was an old woman watching over me.  Startled and groggy from exhaustion I lay there and stared at her. 

“Who are you,” I finally stammered out.

“I am the old one.”

“The old one?”  I again stammered.

“I am to watch over you as I have from the beginning.” 

“The beginning?”  Suddenly I remembered the dreams.  

I remembered everything from the first confession to what had taken place last night or at least most of it.  “The dreams, they were real, that actually happened?  You have been here the whole time?” 

“Yes child, you are lucky to be one of the few chosen for HIM. I will help you understand what is expected of you and care for you through the glorious moment and beyond.  You will be fertile in a few days and we must prepare.  I know you will have many questions.” 

“Yes I do,” I said.  “Who chose me and who is he the one I am chosen for and why was I chosen over all the others I saw in the room?  What am I to prepare for?  Why did it matter if I was fertile or not?  Who were the others in the room?  Who were the two good looking ones that got to enter me and why were they allowed to cum in me when the others didn’t get to.  Who was or what was the creature that got to enter me and cum inside me?  What was the chanting and ceremony for?”  

Questions were popping up inside my head so fast I didn’t know if I were presenting them orally to her.  

“What is the dark liquid I keep drinking and what is it for?”  

More and more questions kept popping into my head.  Why was I both intrigued and frightened of all of this?  Why was this so sexually arousing? 

She chuckled lightly and said, “After you drink this, I will explain it all to you.  I drank the liquid almost absentmindedly.  “The dark liquid is to make your body pure and able to receive him.”

“What do you mean pure and receive?” I interrupted. 

“It is to rid your body of poisons that would interfere with his seed and keep you from conceiving his child.”

What I thought?  I don’t want to get pregnant at least not at this time in my life.  I’m on birth control for god’s sake and I am still young enough to want to still have a little fun in my life.  I was staring at her when she interrupted my thoughts. 

“You have no choice in this child.  You were chosen and have gone through the purifying and joining ceremony. You are now HIS, for HIS pleasure and to bear HIS offspring or the pleasure and offspring of his sons if HE so chooses.”

“No,” I shouted in disbelief and tried to get up but found I could not.  My body seemed paralyzed.  I couldn’t even lift my arms or move my legs even as I looked at them and willed them to move.  The liquid I thought; only to have my thoughts interrupted by the old one saying, 

“It is not what you drank but my mind power controlling you.  You are HIS and what will happen, will happen. Still, I will answer all your questions.”

“It was in your perfection, mind, beauty and body that Father Jason chose for HIM and began the preparations for you to receive HIM in the confessional. I was notified by him to watch over you and keep you pure. The others were not perfect.  They are HIS followers and look to HIM for their rewards.  Their touching of you was one of his highest rewards.  There will be more if you and they please HIM.  HE is our lord and they worship HIM.”   

“The joining ceremony was to prepare you for his entry into you.  HIS two sons joined with you to open you to help ease HIS entry.  You were not fertile so HE allowed them to place their seed at your opening to help lubricate you.  This will not happen at your next joining.  In two days, you will be totally purified and fertile and will join with HIM and conceive HIS child.  I have these next two days to prepare your body for this great moment.”

I lay there mortified.  I couldn’t move even though I had to go pee.  Looking at her and getting ready to tell her I had to go, she said to me, “Yes, you may get up and go.”  

She followed me and watched me as I sat and did what I needed to do.  Finished I stepped into the shower and took a long hot shower.  Finishing that and noticing she had left the room I sneaked a look in the medicine cabinet for my birth control.  It was not there.  In panic, I looked in all the cabinets and realized all she was telling me was true.  

Feeling defeated, I left the bathroom in a daze and returned to the bedroom where she was waiting for me and sat on the edge of the bed.  I looked up at her with questioning eyes and asked more questions.  I needed to know everything. 

“Did Father Jason in the month leading up to this take part in touching me?  Did he ever fuck me?” 

“Child, he was allowed to choose you.  In penance for past transgressions, he was only allowed to drink from your sweetness as he was preparing you.  He was never allowed to enter you or touch you in any other way.  He has never been allowed to cum with you or since he chose you.  He gets to watch your mating from the shadows.  That is his punishment.  Later, he may get to mate with one of the other followers if HE so chooses. If HE so chooses, HE may let him touch you if he pleases HIM more.  Father Jason has pleased HIM very well with your selection and I’m sure he will be rewarded for that.”

I stood as she spread a plastic sheet over the bed and told me to lie down upon it.  In doing this I became totally aware of my nakedness before her and started to get back up and reached for my robe.  She actually slapped at my hand and told me to get back on the bed.  She had things to do to for the next two days to make my body more fertile and to prepare it to conceive HIS child.  

Defeated again, I lay back upon the bed and did as I was told.  She had this dark foul smelling salve that she began rubbing all over me, coating my entire body, back first, then sides and front, playing the most attention to my breasts and hardening nipples, stomach and mound of passion. It burned somewhat like very strong Ben-Gay and was only slightly erotic at first. 

At some point while I was laying there and she was applying the stuff to my breasts, my hands were tied to the bed posts above my head and my legs were tied to each of the posts at the foot, spreading me.  When she started applying it between my legs and rubbing my swelling flower, forcing the hot smelly stuff between my swelling lips and into me, I started screaming in pain. It burned!  Tears formed in my eyes. I tried to squeeze my legs together but found I couldn’t.  I found she had very small hands as she rubbed and push more of the stuff into me. She kept it up, inserting her hand into me and rubbing the stuff inside me.  The heat and her hands upon me and inside me brought me to so many burning orgasms.  I screamed throughout all of them until I was too hoarse and could barely talk. Sweat and salve glistened on my body.  

She paused only long enough to have me drink more dark liquid.  This time it was thick and bitter and the taste was most foul.  I gagged and tried to throw it back up but she forced more down me.  She kept this up throughout the day and night. I was exhausted by morning when she stopped and lay there barely conscious as I watched her move about the room through my squinted eyes.  I wondered what would be next.  I dozed and was awaken with the need to pee.         
