 I was led from the car by Father Jason and the old one and stopped before the door of the tunnel leading to the room. Both removed their clothing and led me into the room chanting, "Hail Queen of darkness." 

The chant was taken up by the others. I glanced around, all were nude except me and as I was led to the altar, I got my first chance to really look at Father Jason. He was not yet hard like the other males in the room and I wondered if he was going to get to join in the orgy that was going to take place. I was surprised when he led me to the altar and was the one to remove my robe as I was shown to all. 

Again there were moans of approval as I was inspected, many reaching out to touch me. As he told me to lie back upon the altar, my hands were clasped above my head and ankles clamped down to spread my legs, his eyes roamed over me and he grew instantly hard. I looked deep into his eyes and they screamed of his desire to have me but the instant I acknowledged him with mine, the chanting started. I wondered if he would get the chance to have me before the others if that were to happen and I didn't please HIM enough. Hands were reaching out to touch me along my sides but no other areas. I lost sight of Father Jason as the chanting intensified and the crowd parted for HIM. 

HE quickly approached me, his huge rod at the ready. HE had changed, although he was extremely engorged and hard there was loose scaly skin surrounding the engorged head. The loose skin had grown around his shaft also, encasing it like a tube. At where his opening was, there was an elongated group of fingers that seemed to grow and throb. Remembering what the old one said, I assumed these would penetrate and attach themselves inside my womb. The skin around the head would attach to my cervix and HIS shaft would ride in HIS tube of skin. 

HE stood there looking at me as I looked at him. His rod seemed to throb and grow. Loose scaly skin encased his throbbing shaft. He leaned down and smelled me and this time his hot tongue darted out and tasted me, slipping inside me. He roared his approval as his cock throbbed even more. He moved up over me and leaned down, running his tongue along my face and down my neck to my breasts. There was a low growl coming from deep within him as he suckled at them. I felt his rod move up to me and when it reached my waiting open flower, it entered me. There was no thrusting or pushing, it just seemed to grow into me. I felt the heat of it as the skin attached itself to my cervix and the fingers from his opening grew up into me. It was an incredible feeling. I tingled all over from the tip of my head to the tip of my toes. This, coupled with HIM suckling at my breasts, sent me into my first orgasm. It was incredible, my whole body shook with every muscle tingling. 

I have had orgasms before with just having my nipples tweaked and suckled but this was more intense, deeper inside and involved every muscle in my body. I moaned out my pleasure to HIM. I wanted HIM more than ever and all apprehension of being impregnated by HIM left me. When I couldn't wrap my legs and arms around him I screamed to be let loose. I started bucking up to him wanting HIM to thrust into me to begin the mating, the starting of his releases into me. I wanted his seed released inside me. I wanted to feel it all. I wanted to be filled by HIM. 

My hands and feet were quickly untied and I reached around HIM and held him to me as I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him tighter into me. I started humping him using my legs pulling myself into him as he rose up to his knees and lifted me off the altar. Only my head and shoulders remained there, his clawed hands digging into my hips as he held me. When HE started his slow thrusting, I could feel the huge head of his cock move along my insides as it moved through his tube of skin and felt it pull against my cervix as he pulled his shaft free of me and pushed his way back in. The flap of skin surrounding and connected to my cervix remained tightly connected. I could feel the fingers inside my womb caress and pull against my insides like live snakes inside me. The feeling was incredible. My pussy and womb filled with HIS meat, as he mated with me. My screaming of ecstasy drowned out the sounds of the members around us as they reacted with approval and began the orgy of the night. Some stood still and watched my mating with HIM. Father Jason was one and in a pause between one of my quivering orgasms and the next I caught him looking at me, with both sadness and lust in his eyes. 

That was when HE roared with his first release and began quivering and releasing his seed deep into me. The heat filled me and I squeezed my eyes tightly shut against it as it burned inside and radiated out through me. This was not like before when he had cum just inside my pussy. That heated my groin. This involved all of my insides. I could feel the fingers move all around my womb releasing jets of hot cum, spraying my insides and stretching my womb. That feeling was incredible also and I spasmed into a hard orgasm as I felt his shaft flex and pump more into me. His clawed fingers dug into my sides, scratching my hips and bringing drops of blood. I didn't feel it though; the intense fire within me overpowered everything else. It was a hard orgasm for HIM; he roared throughout as if in pain and whimpered as his release weakened. He dropped me back to the altar and fell down on me and rested for what seemed about an hour. 

I had lost track of time and his weight was crushing me as I tried to push him off. He lifted himself up and tried to pull free but only pulled me with him. He was still firmly attached to me. He had remained hard and acted as if he hurt as he resumed his thrusting, this time not so gentle. He had not impregnated me yet and needed to release more of his seed into me. This time he was growling deep in his throat as he started pounding into me. He was rough this time and it felt like he was going to pull me inside out as he jerked me around by my insides. I held on to him by wrapping my legs firmly around his waist and wrapped my arms around his scaly chest. He was hurting me now and I had to hold on to keep from being torn inside. This was no longer pleasurable for me and I screamed in panic as he tore at me, his clawed fingers now tearing at my sides and hips. He thrust in and out over and over again in a panic now screaming in rage as he again roared in another release. I felt this hot searing load swell me even more as his cock pulsed and flexed and pumped more into me. 

I screamed in tortured ecstasy as my own release tore through me leaving me limp under him as he once again fell down on me to rest. I lay there quivering wondering how much more of this I could take. This was only his second release and although I already felt bloated, my womb swollen with just two of his releases, I wondered how much more I could stretch? How many more times would he release into me until I was impregnated and my body would release him? I hoped it would be soon. 

Time had stopped for me. He had already been pounding into me for hours and hours. My body was exhausted and felt limp. Sweat had poured from him and me coating my body and the furs I was laying on. The others had stopped what they had been doing and were watching. I could see them through my tears. They must have been wondering when the impregnation would happen. They began to chant. The old one hovering nearby was running her hands over my swollen stomach chanting under her breath. HE had arisen over me and was beginning to thrust in and out again when he tore loose. My body had released him and it felt like gallons of hot cum gushed from me. As my swollen womb drained and my stomached flattened, the old woman placed her hand upon it and pressed in declaring, "She has conceived, all rejoice." 

"Hail queen of darkness, bear this child well," was the chant going around the room. 

HE was gone, I looked around the room for him but I didn't see him anywhere. I hurt all over, the scratches down my sides were bleeding and I felt bruised and beaten. I tried to get up but was pushed back down. 

"You must remain lying down child," the old woman said. "You must stay still while your egg implants its self in your womb." 

The mass of people in the room were now running their hands along my body touching me gently. They wanted to get close to me while they were chanting to me and of me. With HIM gone many were resuming the orgy; a man and woman had embraced on the altar beside my head and were fucking in frenzy. Others were trying to get up beside me. The women were running their hands along my pussy and between my legs gathering up HIS cum in their hands and rubbing it over their mounds and into their pussies. One woman started rubbing it over my body and as I looked down, I was horrified. I looked like a dark bloody mess, HIS cum looked like dark congealing blood that I thought was my own. I panicked and again tried to get up and was again held down. I was pulled down along the altar and my legs and arms were again lashed down so I was splayed out where my open flower could be had. The old one again placed her hands upon me and pressed in hard on my stomach and this time she declared I was with child. 

The sexual frenzy in the room intensified with her announcement and now men were taking turns placing themselves between my legs and entering me and cumming inside me. This had not happened before and I tried to fight it but soon gave up and let them. At some point I passed out from exhaustion and awoke some time later still strapped to the altar but the room was quiet. All were gone but the old woman. 

"How are you feeling child," she asked. 

I looked at her for a while bewildered before I asked, "Why were the men allowed to fuck me?" 

"Oh, in celebration, HE wished to reward his followers and since you were now impregnated with HIS child it was OK for them to take part with you. HE was happy with you and the ease with which you accepted HIM. HE will allow them to have you up until you are close to giving birth as long as there is no danger to HIS child. This will make his followers very happy. You will remain here until the birth." 

My arms and legs were still tied and I questioned her. "Am I to remain tied?"

"No child, but you will remain here with me to care for you and be available for HIS followers. I will take you to your room."