 With that she let me up and helped me from the altar and led me to this room deeper into the bowels of the catacombs. The room was sparse but clean and warm. A bath was waiting for me and I slipped into hot bliss as I soaked away the soreness my body felt. The old one added powders to the water that eased the soreness and the stiffness of the scratches along my sides and hips. I soaked and as the water cooled, it was drained and more hot water poured in. Other women came in and hand fed me as I soaked. Finally the old one drained the water, had me get out and toweled me dry. She rubbed me all over with this sweet smelling salve and led me to bed where after lying down I quickly lapsed into a deep sleep. 

I awaken the next morning nude and still sore from the sexual beating my body took the night before and looked closely at my sore body. I could remember everything up until I passed out from exhaustion. The scratches and gouges along my sides were scabbing over as well as the floor burns along my back and shoulders where I had contacted the altar surface as HE drug me around upon the altar in his sexual frenzy. I was also bruised along my back and butt where I supposedly I bounced along as I was drug. The sourest part of me though was my pussy and my insides. There were times I felt like I was being pulled inside out and the inside pressure of the amount of cum he had released had stretched me but there was no appearance of that on the outside. My stomach was as flat as it had been and for the most part I looked the same but for the redness of my still swollen open flower. I wondered how long it would remain swollen and open like that and still feel the heat there and inside me. 

I pressed my hand against my stomach wondering how soon I would begin to swell with HIS child. I sat back upon the bed and thought about that. This wasn't going to be a normal human baby that would start showing in 2 to 3 months and take 9 months to berth I was sure. Even if it was a normal human birth, it was possible after all, since my body was used by all his male followers. If HE did not impregnate me one of them did. I didn't want this and wondered how or if it was possible to get away. I thought there would be time to abort if I could get away. I was startled out of my thoughts when the door suddenly opened and the old one walked in. 

"I know what you are thinking child and that will be impossible. You will not and cannot escape from here. The master would be most displeased and many would fall out of favor with him. I would be banished along with Father Jason and would die a very unpleasant death. You are HIS, here to bear HIS child and for the pleasure you will give his followers. There is no escape. No one has ever left the fold and lived."

I sat there frightened at what I was hearing. I was to be a sex slave for his followers even though I was to bear his child. I wanted nothing to do with this. I had been practically a virgin having only been with several guys. Now who knew how many would have me. 

I knew my family would soon miss me and have the authorities looking for me. I wondered how long it would take for them to find me. I hoped it would be sooner than later. I was scared. 

"What if there is a problem and HE didn't impregnate me and one of the other men did?" 

"That was no problem child; your body would not have released HIM. You would have remained connected until HIS seed and your egg united. You are with HIS child and no others." 

"How soon will I begin to show and how many months will I carry HIS child?"

"You needn't be concerned child. It will happen soon enough. There is someone to see you."

"Wait, I need to know, please tell me."

"If you must know child, the growth of this baby will be rapid and your stomach will begin to show in a matter of one or two weeks as the baby develops. You will carry HIS child for 6 months before birthing."

I was in shock and shook in fear, 6 months and I will begin to show almost at once. Shivering, I pressed in on my stomach wishing I could push the thing out of me but again I was some what intrigued at the thought of something growing inside me. Confused, I wondered why I felt like this. Still, now that I was thinking clearly, I didn't want this. I needed to escape, to get away from here.  

She left the room and Father Jason entered. This was the first time I remembered seeing him since the time he led me to the altar and hid in the shadows watching. I didn't know if he had been allowed to be with me in the celebration. I wondered what he wanted and for some strange reason I thought of confession. I looked around to find a robe or something to cover my nudeness but there was nothing but the sheet I was sitting on. I tried to grasp it around me but he pushed it away and knelled between my legs spreading them. I was shocked into reality when he leaned in and inserted his tongue into my still swollen flower and began removing his robe. I was so tender there, and tensed up until his tongue hit my powerful hidden button and it was an instant orgasm. My body shook and spasmed and it took a while to subside. As I came down from that high, I wondered about my orgasm. There had been no foreplay, no getting me sexually excited and suddenly an orgasm. That had never happened before. It was so tender and sensitive down there. I could feel every bump on his tongue, every flick and kiss. It was unbelievable. 

When my body relaxed, that was when Father Jason leaned up over me and began to enter me. My hips jumped up to meet him as he placed the head of his swollen cock against my opening. I couldn't help it. It was an automatic response, as automatic as my legs wrapping around him and pulling him in. 

With the tenderness inside me, I could feel every ripple of his cock, every swollen vein, and the ridge of the swollen head as he slid it in and out of me. I was in ecstasy again and marveled at the feelings even though his cock was of average size. Every nerve ending inside me was alive. My body wanted this even though my mind did not. My body overwhelmed my mind and I finally gave up to the feelings. Orgasms quickly came and passed and came again. He released into me several times before he tired and just lay still upon me. My body craved more, he tired too soon. My mind was muddled and I didn't understand why he stopped and mostly, I didn't understand when he whispered into my ear, "Sara, I am so sorry." He kept repeating this to me even as he withdrew. 

My mind was muddled at this. I didn't understand. My body craved him. "Wasn't I good enough, I asked?" 

"Yes Sara, it's just I shouldn't have put you through this. For this I am sorry." 

"For having sex with me, I asked?" I was sitting up now looking at him as he grabbed me by the shoulders and looked into my eyes whispering.

"No, yes, that and what I did to you when I selected you for HIM. I am in love with you. I didn't realize it then but I do now. I am sorry for you and what I put you through. You are pregnant with HIM and carrying his child. You are HIS now and must do his bidding. I am so sorry. I must never see you again I know, for I am doomed for loving you."

I was fully alert now, knowing I might be able to escape from this and go home, to be able to rid myself of this thing beginning to grow inside me, this creature in my womb. I pulled him to me and whispered in his ear. "Help me, Help me escape."

"I cannot do that, I will be damned, he whispered back."

"Please help me I pleaded quietly, I must escape this hell that you have chosen for me."

"I can't."

"Please, please help me, I whispered."

My eyes were pleading as much as my mind. I had to get away and he was my only chance. I had to appeal to his weakness in loving me.

He leaned back and looked at me for a long while before quietly whispering and nodding his head.

"OK Sara, I will try what I can to get you out of here and safe. Please be patient for this will take some time. We have to be very careful. If you can, stop drinking the dark liquid that the old one gives you to drink. Without it, you will abort the fetus. You need to be careful though. If you abort too soon, we will be found out and we both will be doomed."

"How long after I stop drinking it will it happen?" 

"I don't know, possibly two weeks I guess. I don't know for sure. I've never seen it stopped. I only know that the stuff keeps the body from aborting the creature. Be careful Sara, for both our sakes."

I only nodded back. While watching his eyes I saw the fear in them and knew he was sincere in wanting to help me. 

"I have to go Sara," he whispered. "Please be careful for both our sakes. I don't know how long it will take to find the right moment to get you free from here. If it looks like it will take longer than several weeks, I will let you know. Maybe if you only take some of the stuff, we can stretch out the time for escape."

With that, he slipped from the room leaving me with my thoughts. As I wondered what would happen if we were caught, my hand was absentmindedly rubbing cum that had leaked from me over my love mound and slit when my fingers found my clit and I escaped into an orgasm. As I was coming down from the orgasm, I looked up to see the old woman standing over me smiling. 

"He will be only the first of several that will get to have you. He is in special favor of HIM for selecting you. The others will only be HIS sons. You are very lucky. Usually all the faithful get to partake until close to the birth." 

With that said she knelled down to me and ran her hands over my body and pushed my legs open and began tonguing me bringing me to another orgasm as her tongue twisted and sucked at my slit and clit. I was screaming in ecstasy throughout my body tremors. She sucked and licked me clean. 

When she was finished and I was again lying there looking at her, I asked her, "Why are you allowed to do this?"

"I am blessed to do it for HIM to stay in his favor as his chosen one to care for you. It is my duty to HIM. Besides, I love doing you. I must go now and prepare your breakfast."

She left, closing the door leaving me alone with my thoughts. It has only been hours since my impregnation. How soon will I be feeling the effects of the creature growing inside me? I pressed in on my stomach to try to feel my womb even knowing it was too early to feel anything growing inside me. My thoughts went to Father Jason and hoped he would get me out of here. I wanted to go home. I needed to escape and rid myself of this thing that was beginning to grow inside me. I was very scared. I didn't want this. I thought back to what the old woman said that no one ever escaped the fold and lived. Was that going to be my fate and Father Jason's if we tried? 

I slipped into a nightmare of sleep only to be awakened when the old woman returned with my breakfast. The first thing she handed me was the dark liquid and watched me until I drained the glass. Then she left me alone to finish eating. I thought if she watches me every morning drinking the stuff, I will never be able to get away from not drinking it. I wondered at what week of my pregnancy I would be past the time to abort easily. 

Discovering I had been famished, I finished eating and in looking around I spied a flimsy see through robe which I put on. I wandered out of my room and into the rest of the dungeon. I thought of it as a dungeon. How many prisoners have escaped from dungeons I wondered? 

I discovered I was alone and spent several hours exploring the various rooms to see if there was a way out. Sadly, I found no doors or windows to the outside world. I made my way back to my room and the connected bathroom and decided to soak and try to relax. I was going to have to try to relax or lose my sanity. If I lost my sanity, I would be here forever. 

I rejoiced in the relaxing hot water and semi dozed away the waning hours of the morning. I wondered why I was thinking so clearly and rationally. Had the dark liquid I was drinking changed? It was sweeter tasting. I didn't feel drugged and every thing seemed so clear to me, there was no longer this foggy haze clouding my mind. How had I gotten myself into this situation? Now that I seemed to be thinking clearly, I thought I would ask more questions when the old one came back. Noticing my skin was getting wrinkly; I finished my bath and dried myself, admiring my body in the mirror that adorned one wall. Sara, I asked myself, what have you done? 

My body had seemed to have changed. It wasn't much, but still I noticed it more than ever. I didn't think it was my imagination. My breasts seemed to be a little larger and fuller, the nipples firmer and more erect and tinder. My stomach although still firm and flattened, seemed to be getting a little rounder just noticeable at least to my eye. My pussy was very swollen and puffy. The lips hiding my deep dark tunnel tender and swollen exposing the dark pink opening into me. And I was hot down there, so very hot. It was like I get when I'm very close to an orgasm. I felt the need to cum and my fingers went there. I found my clit swollen and tinder to my touch and I quickly brought myself to orgasm, my body quivering as I sank to my knees. 

She found me that way, lying on the floor as the last of my bodies spasms waned. She helped me up and I weakly leaned against her as she led me to the bed and lay me down upon it. 

"Little one, you must save yourself for others. You will need to conserve your strength both for them and the baby." 

Weakly I asked, "What do you mean, save me for others."

"Your body is beginning to rapidly change in preparation for the baby that is beginning to grow inside you. Also, your hormones are going wild as they usually do in the beginning of pregnancy and your body will feel the need for more sex. That and the potion you are drinking is why you are so swollen, tender and wet. For at least the first month, you will want to have a cock inside you seemly all the time. That is why HIS sons will serve you and occasionally Father Jason. He is lucky that the master is so pleased with him."

I only nodded as I slipped into a deep tired sleep. 

I awaken sometime later in slight darkness feeling that someone else was in the room with me. I glanced around trying to see into the shadows, to catch a glimpse of who it may be; all the while hoping it was Father Jason. I almost spoke his name when one of the sons stepped from the shadows. 

I gasp at the sight of him as he came to me. I knew what he wanted, I wanted the same and flipped back the covering that was over me and reached up to him parting my legs to give him access. I moaned aloud as he leaned down over me and entered. My hormones and the potion were working overtime. His hot stiff rod slid in easily and bottomed out. I moaned in joy as he began to slowly thrust in and out. He lifted my hips up to him with his hands grasping my hips pulling me to him as my head and shoulders lay back upon the bed. I could feel every ripple of his engorged head as his hot engorged tool plunged in and out. 

I was gasping for air with each plunge and was on the edge of an orgasm when the old one turned on the lights and lit up the room. I was startled by the lights but was too far gone to stop the waves of pleasure that washed over me. I was lost in the spasms of my body and failed to see her and the other son in the room. He kept up his thrusting and when my orgasms subsided, I watched in amazement, the rippled movement of his large cock as it slid up against the tight skin of my stomach. This sent me into another orgasm and I was quivering through it when he grasps me tighter against him and began filling me with his hot searing cum. When he finished, he dropped me back onto the bed and the other took his place. The old one just watched as I was taken again. 

I was now screaming in ecstasy, my body in a seemingly continuous orgasm. My body kept up the quivering spasms throughout this second assault until he finally finished thrusting and filled me with his load of searing cum. My body was weak and exhausted now and when he arose up off of me, I lay and just looked at him. He made no attempt to talk to me or anything else. He turned and left. When the old one approached me and began tonguing me, I curled up into the fetal position begging for no more. I was too tender and exhausted to let her.

"Yes little one, rest and I will clean you up later, for now rest." 

I thought she would leave the room to but she just sat beside me and watched me. I wanted to talk with her but drifted into sleep. I dreamed. For how long I slept, I didn't know but when I started struggling awake, I felt someone licking me. It was my orgasm that brought me fully awake. The old one was kneeling between my legs with my moisture covering her face. She smiled and patted my mound.

"I'm finished," she said. "I believe you wish to ask me some questions?"  

I stammered, "Yes, yes I do." 

I sat up and thought. What am I going to ask, there is so much I need to know, so much I needed to learn. I needed to do this before I was drugged again. I had to have been drugged in the beginning to have gotten into this situation. I couldn't have done this freely and with a clear mind. Where do I start? What do I ask? I actually knew very little.