 Home was the same as always, tonight I quickly ate, showered and slipped into bed. This was after all Friday night and I was looking forward to the weekend I had planned. I was going to stay home and clean and do the other things that needed to be done around the apartment, plus I wanted the day to myself. I hadn't dusted or vacuumed for several weeks and the place was a mess. I lay there thinking of where to start in the morning when I saw movement in the room. I sat up startled, reached for and switched on the bedside light. It was the old woman.

"Who are you?" I asked.

"Sara, you know me from before."

"Before what?" I asked. She sat down beside me on the bed and reached out and caressed my breast. The blankets had fallen to around my waist and I hadn't thought to pull them up to cover me. I was startled at her touch, her brazenness and reached to remove her hand but stopped midway there when she pinched my nipple sending pleasure waves through me. My nipples stiffened and I closed my eyes at the pleasure it gave me. I could already feel the warmth and moisture it was causing between my legs. 

"Who are you and why are you doing this?" I moaned as another pleasure wave shot down my body as she twisted the nipple slightly. 

She started talking to me slowly in this very low voice, almost a chant as she stroked me, folding back the covers with the one hand that was not pinching my breasts. 

"Sara, lay back and I will explain." 

Mesmerized at her voice and her caresses, as her hands left my breasts and started lightly stroking the rest of my body, I lay back and felt waves of pleasure as her fingers traveled down and found my hidden recesses. I listened but did not really hear, her voice droned on. I was lost in her voice and her hands. I could feel the heat rising with the swelling of my sex as her fingers played with me. I was held in this trance, my eyes tightly closed as waves of pleasure washed through me. Her fingers caressed the buttons that pleasured me most with another finger reaching up inside me, stroking at this hidden spot of pleasure also. The first orgasm hit me hard and my body shook with the spasms as the muscles of my pussy clenched at her fingers. My hips bucked up to meet her. Groans were coming from deep within me. I wasn't aware of the other person in the room and didn't even open my eyes as she grasps my legs and pulled me down lower on the bed. I felt her move up to my head and as she grasps my hands and held them tightly above me and held me down, she leaned down and suckled my breasts sending more shockwaves through my body. 

When I felt someone grab my feet and spread my legs open, my eyes opened with the shock. Standing between my legs was this gorgeous muscular body builder except he had strange eyes and his manhood was harder, larger and longer than I thought I had ever seen before. It was reddened like it was sunburned with a large very swollen purplish red head. He concentrated his attention upon on me and started rubbing his engorged hardness between my legs as he held my legs open. His cock was hot to the touch and when it was placed against me the heat penetrated me and excited me even more. I looked down mesmerized and in fear as he rubbed this swollen hardness against me. It slipped past my mound and up onto my stomach and reached almost to my ribs, seemly searing a slippery path. I could see he was toying with me as he rose up and repositioned himself again letting the purplish swollen head of his cock slid between my swollen lips. Each time the swollen head touched my opening, the heat of it would draw up into me and as the head slid across my clit, it seemed to burn with want. He kept this up. I gave no struggle so the old woman let me go and I reached and captured the headboard with my hands, helping me lift and buck my hips to meet him, wanting him to enter me each time he touched my opening. My body ached to have this monster driven into me.

I was panting and moaning for him to enter me when he dropped my legs to the bed and leaned down over me. I at once thought he was going to climb up on top of me and I spread my legs wide to allow him access to me as he climbed on and was disappointed when he didn't. He just looked at me and started running his hands all over me, touching me, caressing me. I shivered with more excitement. I wanted this gorgeous stranger with the strange eyes. My body craved him, wanted to unite with him, and wanted his seed deep inside. I moaned with glee as he leaned down and with his tongue licked me and twirled it around my nipples, his lips and mouth suckling me. I looked down and watched him as his long hard pole was poking at me, sliding along me leaving a dark trail of his pre-cum along with my moisture that coated his hard swollen head. I wanted to reach down and guide him to me and tried to reach him but he wouldn't let me. 

He rose up just out of my grasp. Beads of dark moisture dripped from him down onto my stomach and mound. Each drop that fell onto me burned, left a small red mark and inflamed the passion building within me. I reached down and slid my finger through the drops, coating it and brought it to my swollen pussy and rubbed it around the swollen lips and slipped it inside. It burned like fire inflaming me even more. My moans were begging him to enter me and I reached down and grasp my thighs, and pulled my legs up and wide trying to tempt him more. 

I gasp when he knelt down and placed his face against me and began tasting me, sliding his tongue around my swollen lips, sucking at me and teasing my clit. He entered me with his long tongue twirling and curling it around and lapped at me causing another orgasm to build. There was no way I could control my body even if I wanted to. My hips bucked against him and I finally let go of my legs and reached down and grabbed a hand full of hair and held his mouth to me as the orgasm roared through me. 

"Oh god, oh god," I was screaming as my pussy humped at him and my body quivered and shook. When the last of my spasms left me, I felt his tongue give one last swirl inside me and pull free. I was looking down watching him, waiting for what was to come next. I could see the red marks the drips of his pre-cum had left on my tanned skin and the red streak of where his cock had left a smear of it as it had slid across my stomach. I could feel the aching heat from my swollen pussy as I watched him, my sweat glistening on my body. 

He stood there looking at me as I looked at him. His rod seemed to throb and grow even more. It stood straight up and the dark gooey pre-cum glistened as it seeped from its opening and slowly oozed its way down his throbbing shaft. I knew then that he wasn't totally human. No human seeped cum like that and had a cock as large. It was then that I knew I had had him before, in my dreams. 

He moved up over me on the bed between my legs, leaned down and ran his tongue along my face and down my neck to my breasts. There was a low growl coming from deep within him as he suckled at them. I felt the swollen head of his rod move up to me and when it reached my swollen opening, he paused and sat back on his thighs, reached down and grasped my hips and pulled me up and onto him. He slipped in easily, there was no thrusting or pushing, he just pulled me on like a tight glove. I felt his heat as he seemed to grow up into me. It was an incredible feeling. I tingled all over from the tip of my head to the tip of my toes. This tingling sent me into my first orgasm with him inside me. It was incredible; my whole body shook with each spasm. This orgasm was more intense, deeper inside and involved every muscle in my body. I moaned out my pleasure to him. 

The throbbing of his cock was the only movement I felt from him. He was holding me still. He had lifted me up and held my hips to him with just my head and back touching the bed. I knew his cum was still seeping from him as I could feel it, the burning heat from it against my deepest depth. I wanted more of it, all of it inside me. I wanted him to flood me. I wrapped my legs around him and started bucking up to him, wanting him to begin thrusting into me. I squeezed my legs tighter around him and pulled him deeper into me. I started humping him using my legs, trying to pull myself onto him. His hands dug into my hips as he held me to him. When he started his slow thrusting, I could feel the huge head of his cock move along my insides. As he pulled his shaft free of me and pushed his way back in I felt it push hard against my cervix. The feeling was incredible. My pussy filled with his meat as he mated with me. My screaming of ecstasy drowned out all other sounds and thoughts.

There was a low groan from him when he began his first release and began quivering and releasing his seed deep into me. The heat filled me and I squeezed my eyes tightly shut against it as it burned inside and radiated out through me. I could feel him grow and begin releasing jets of hot cum, spraying my insides and stretching me even more. The feeling of his release was incredible and I spasmed into a hard orgasm as I felt his shaft flex and pump more into me. His fingers dug into my sides, his nails scratching my hips and bringing drops of blood. I didn't feel it though; the intense fire within me overpowered everything else. It was a hard orgasm for him and he whimpered throughout as if in pain and whimpered weakly as his release weakened. He dropped me back to the bed and fell down on me and rested. The sweat of our bodies mingling. 

His weight was crushing me and I tried to push him off. I fit tight around him and I didn't feel any of our moisture slipping from me. He had not softened as men normally do after their release. He had remained hard he resumed his thrusting, this time not so gentle. He lifted himself up pulled his cock almost free leaving just the swollen head inside me and thrust in hard. This time he was growling deep in his throat as he started pounding into me. He was rough this time and it felt like he was going to pull me inside out as he jerked me around and pounded into me. I held on to him by wrapping my legs firmly around his waist and wrapped my arms around his chest. He was hurting me now and I had to hold on to keep from being torn inside. This was no longer pleasurable for me and I screamed in panic as he tore at me, his fingers now digging in and tearing at my sides and hips. He thrust in and out over and over again as he again moaned in another release. I felt this hot searing load swell me even more as his cock pulsed and flexed and pumped into me. 

I screamed in tortured ecstasy as my own release tore through me leaving me limp under him as he once again fell down on me to rest. I lay there quivering wondering how much more of this I could take. This was only his second release into me. I wondered how much more I could handle. How many more times would he pound himself into me? I lay there resting also, trying to build up reserves if he continued his assault. That was when I saw his double in the room sitting beside us. More of my memory flooded back to me. Yes, I thought to myself, I do remember them both. I remembered everything just then, the mating with their father, the orgies, in the catacombs, everything including the birth of my first child. It was painful and beautiful all at once. I knew then what my purpose was, why I needed these two and why they needed me. 

I felt him softening and slipping from me, he had finished for now and I knew when he rolled off me his brother would take his place. I wanted it, needed it to happen. When the first brother finally slipped free and rolled off of me, I spread my legs and beckoned for the other to join with me. He was already fully engorged and ready. I was too.

He was tenderer than his brother and lay down on me and entered me slowly and gently. I had raised my hips slightly to assist and it felt heavenly as I felt him slide into me. He was so gentle I felt the ridge along the head of his cock and each ripple of his shaft as it moved within me. This time I did not move my hips or anything. I was lost in the feeling of complete ecstasy. Every movement of him was orgasmic bliss to me. He held himself up off of me with his hands and mine went down to feel my stomach. With my slenderness, I could feel the ripple of him as I lay my hands on my stomach and pressed. When he leaned back on his thighs and picked me up by my hips and held me, I could not only feel greater movement but could see the rippling movement of his cock as the head rubbed my insides along front of my vaginal canal. This increased pressure on my g-spot coupled with what I was seeing and feeling with my hands soon brought me to my first orgasm with him. I moaned loudly as it was building and screamed in ecstasy as the spasms shook my body. I didn't want this to end. He was holding me tightly to him this way, not moving his body as his own first release racked him as my release was ending. I felt every spasm and jerk of his engorged cock as it pumped cum into me and my body quickly spasmed in a small orgasm as I received him. 

Sweat was dripping from him down on me and mixing with the gleaming sweat of my own body as he moaned in his release. He held me to him this way as he leaned back and rested, never softening or thrusting. The expression on his face showed ecstasy as he looked at me, devouring my body with his eyes. His fingers were digging into my hips, his nails scratching me but I didn't care as long as he held me this way and I could watch him looking at me the way he was. He was beautiful, nothing like his brother although they were identical in looks. He seemed to be more tinder and caring. When he noticed the nails of his fingers were scratching hard enough to bring small drops of blood to my skin he quickly loosened his grasp. 

Still holding me with one hand, he brought the other to my stomach and kind of started to press down massaging it and him inside me. He smiled at me as he did this. My hands went to his and covered it as I helped him trace the length of him inside me. I helped hold myself to him by wrapping my legs tight around him and started thrusting my hips slowly against him so he could feel his movement inside me. He grinned as I did this and when I told him I wanted him to cum inside me again, he grinned even more. He did not do as his brother did and start pounding into me but thrust in very slowly, still holding his hand against my stomach feeling his movement inside me. 

I reached down with both hands where he was entering me and grasp his cock feeling him slide in and out of me. My body was quivering with each slow thrust as he brought me quickly to another orgasm. Soon I could not tell when one orgasm began and another ended. He kept this up for what seemed like hours when I finally felt his body stiffen and start to quiver. His eyes were closed, hands tightly gripping my hips and I knew he was very close when he thrust in hard and deep and held still. I felt his hot cum as it spurted out of him deep inside me as my own body was racked with orgasmic spasms. We came together this time, our bodies in unison. This time he fell down upon me as our spasms continued together. His spasms were filling me and mine were milking his shaft, receiving him. My body spasmed hard, my hands clinched in tight fists, my toes curling tightly, my hips bucking to him helping to milk him. I heard myself not just moaning in ecstasy but screaming. This was the most powerful orgasm I had ever had. It felt like every thing inside me was curling up only to be exploded out my pussy. The electrical current raced from deep within me to my head to my toes and back again. 

We lay still clutching each other tightly, my arms and legs tightly wrapped around him. I didn't want to ever let him go, his weight pressing me down, I not even noticing it. I wanted him, only him. I fell asleep this way, not ever noticing when he slipped out of me and rolled off. I was exhausted, deep into sleep. I did not hear them leave. 

I awoke late Saturday morning still feeling tired. My body was sore, the muscles stiff from exhaustion. The bed was a mess, mattress soaked and stained from sweat and cum. I was a mess also as I looked at myself in the bathroom mirror. Dried cum and the salts from dried sweat covered me. The hair on my head was plastered to my skull with oily sweat, my golden patch plastered to my mound with both sweat and cum. My body smelled of the sexual orgy that had taken place, the room smelled of it. I needed a bath and decided to soak away soreness in a hot tub and quickly filled it and slipped in.

I knew I was alone as there were no noises coming from the rest of the apartment. I hadn't known how abused my body had been until I felt the soothing heat of the water. I closed my eyes and almost drifted off as I thought about last night and the incredible number of orgasms I had had. I didn't know how many, I knew it was a lot. It seemed endless in the end. 

I hoped the more sensitive brother would take me the most. He was the one that made me feel complete. I began to doze, my eyes soon closing from not only being tired, exhausted really, but from the soothing heat of the water. My head slipped under the water and I came up gasping and choking for air. That is when I saw her again, the old woman. She was sitting on the toilet looking at me. 

Still coughing, I wiped the water from my eyes and sat back and just looked back at her. I didn't know what to say. Finally she spoke. 

"Sara, do you now remember?"