 Tim was never that fond of holidays. But for some reason, Halloween had a strange appeal. Maybe it because it was an excuse to act weird. Or maybe it was just the fact that people loaded up on beer and/or candy and just had a great time that made this an exception. With Vampires promising to dig teeth into the succulent flesh of necks and the thought that a hairy beast might out and plunge into the deepest, darkest valley, what's not to like?

For some reason, Tim was especially inspired to do something different this year. He had avoided dragging out his usual sci-fi movie uniform and chose to go with a new costume: this year he inexplicably chose to be Guy Manley, the famed editor/publisher of "Broadsword" Magazine.

The garb was pretty simple. It consisted of one of those specially made "male dancer thongs" with the "enlarged" banana hammock in front. There were the mirror aviator glasses, and the white windbreaker with the upturned collar, and matching running pants and jogging shoes. Growing a day's worth of stubble would complete the look, but Tim could apply make up to look like a beard if he couldn't pull that off.

The only real problem was in what to do. There hadn't been any invites. No one from the office seemed to be planning anything, and none of Tim's friends mentioned a party, even in passing.

A few days before, and Tim still had no plans for the Scary Night. He decided to head to pick up some candy for the local trick-or-treaters and then make some calls to find out what was happening.

The mall was overrun with last second shoppers looking for some decorations for parties they were planning, so Tim parked the car at the far end of the structure. That's when he noticed it. There was a small structure opposite the mall in a separate area near the woods. It looked like some sort of mansion, but with its glowing sign it was clearly a shop of some sort. Tim got out and walked over to it.

Mistress Clara's Outpost was the name of the store and Tim's hair raised right up as soon as he crossed the threshold. This was some sort of Psychic/occult store, for certain, but it seemed as if there was more that didn't meet the eye.

In addition to the usual items like Tarot cards, horoscope charts, and books about how to capture lost loves, there were magickal candles that promised to land you a mate, potions specifically designed to put someone under your power and even a store brand thong that claimed it was "designed to make a female wearer aroused in a matter of moments" according to the box. Tim took note of all of this as he wandered around. 

In the back of the store, there was a jewellery case. And as he walked past it something glinted. He stepped forward to get a closer look.

"It called to you!"

Tim jumped back, nearly stepping on a black cat that walked behind him.

"I-I'm sorry. I didn't see or hear you." Tim said to the woman who appeared from the back room.

"There's nothing to fear here." The woman said in an accent that sounded very Eastern European. Tim took a good long look at her. She looked to be in her mid 40s or so. And she seemed somewhat familiar. She looked a little bit like that woman from television. What was her name? The make up and clothing was all Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. Tim wondered whether Elvira would sue for the use of her style.

"This looks nothing like Elvira!" snapped the counter woman. "She wears black clothing, and this is midnight blue!"

"I'm sorry, I..."

"You should be. I don't welcome comparisons."

"Um, did I say that out loud?"

"Now. You wanted to see this piece?" The woman's demeanor changed again as she sweetly opened the display case and lifted the item out on its black silk scarf.

Tim looked at the jewel. It was a brightly shining pink tinted crystal held in place by a silver wire shaped like a serpent on a silver chain. The crystal itself was single terminated and was about an inch in diameter and 4 inches long.

"This is called the Tall Talisman," she said. "It is a very potent and effective amulet in winning the ways of your desired sexual quarries." She smiled.

"How..."

"Does it work?" She picked up the silver chain, grabbed his right hand and dangled the stone over his palm. Then she lowered it down and forced him to close his fingers around it.

"You first must warm the stone. Concentrate. You need to focus. Think about a woman that you want to win."

She leaned over the counter and Tim saw her ample cleavage struggling to stay inside the confines of her dress. She held his hand tightly with hers and brought her free hand over as well.

"How long do I..."

"Silence!" she shouted angrily. "Now. Once the jewel is properly charged, you place it around your neck. You have to make sure that it maintains close contact with your skin. Then, let the work, work!" She turned toward the back room area.

"Hm. Well. How much..."

"Does it cost? It's not inexpensive," she purred. "But it is worth every penny."

Tim slipped the chain over his head and let the crystal land on his chest.

"No, wait!" she shouted and ran back towards him. Then, she stopped, flinched, jolted, stared, arched her eyebrow and smiled. She took her hands and slid them across the top of her dress and slid it down, just enough to show the upper part of her dark and taut areolae, and as she leaned in to kiss him, her tits spilled out.

Her nipples were hard and Tim couldn't help but reach out and thumb them as her tongue started sliding into his mouth.

Frantically, she ran her hands over his shoulders and arms, clutching him as she climbed over the glass case before wrapping her legs around Tim's waist. It was then that Tim saw she was at most, four foot ten. She was wearing ultra high platform heels and her thighs tightened as she continued to kiss and lick him.

It was at that moment, when he backed away from the counter that he realized it. Tim was larger than life.

His cock was about average, usually. But now, it felt like a tree trunk inside his pants! A tree trunk that desperately needed to spill its sap, right away!

Tim laid her back on the counter, right on the black silk and lifted her dress. There, in all its glory was her pussy, bejeweled with rings on her clit and on both labia. He hunched her forward and brought his face to her magical love box. He hungrily devoured her as she squirmed and squealed like a girl half her age.

Tim lifted her ass up higher as he continued to tongue fuck her, squeezing her butt cheeks as he ate her out. He played with her pussy lips, trying to make the two rings click against each other as he rapidly flicked his tongue back and forth! She squealed more.

The more he did this, Tim realized, the harder he felt. She was running her hands over his hair, holding his head down on her sopping wet as he started to suck her clit and play with the ring attached to it.

"Oh, yes! Oh that feels so good!" she screamed, clutching his head with one hand, and playing with her nipple with the other.

Tim had to get out of his pants before they ripped. He fumbled with his belt buckle then struggled with the button fly, all while never stopping the licking. Finally, he was able to lower the pants enough to...

WHAM!

The next thing Tim knew, the woman and he were behind the counter, on the floor.

"Ooh. You knocked me down," she said.

When Tim lowered his pants, his finally released cock hit the display case so hard, it knocked the woman off the counter, and as she clutched him between her tight thighs, she took him over the side!

Finally, Tim got to look down and see what was going on.

His cock looked almost as big as a leg, and it was pumping. You could visibly see his heartbeat as his dick gently shifted upwards a bit at a pace of more than once a second. 

With veins popping, and with girth that seemed to be the size of a CD, Tim wondered if his penis was on steroids.

"Oh, my, you are large. And you look like you have quite a heavy load!" she smiled.

Tim checked his balls which also had grown in size. His sac had ballooned to a size larger than he could fit in one open hand. So, he used both to lift himself out of his shorts and to rub his scrotal sac, just to see if it was real and not just swollen from getting kicked or something!

She slithered out of her dress and leaned back down against the wall, sliding her legs apart and slipping her fingers between the thick and slick folds of her tangy twat.

Tim had to fuck her. He just couldn't help it! Since she was already very wet and she was holding herself open, Tim managed to squeeze the head into her in just two pushes. He raised her ass slightly, to get a better angle. She gave him a pleasured look as she spread her legs as wide as her tiny frame and the case would allow. Tim continued to struggle to get all of him into little her!

Tim focused and concentrated. "Please!"

ZIP!

Tim's shaft easily slid inside her and he began pumping like a turbine engine.

A-pocket-ta-pocket-ta-pocket-ta-pocket-ta was the sound from their loins as her tits bounced back and forth in his face and his balls slapped against her gaping asshole, making her tighten her snatch around his expansion.

Tim felt himself filling her up entirely, fitting her perfectly as they held each other, she, trying to keep her boobs from flying all over as he pounded, and him trying not to split her in half with his massive dong, all the while his balls, churning the cream as he felt himself quickly on the path to ultimate release.

She used one arm to keep her tits from bouncing like the basketballs they were, and this time, used her other hand to stroke his ass and thigh as he pumped her.

"Oh, go slower!" she whimpered.

He immediately stopped and went very slow, inching himself inside, using his fingers to pinch and play with her clit ring as he slowly lowered.

"I'm so horny I can't control it! Slide it all the way in! NOW!"

Just that second, Tim went balls deep inside her and he could feel the tension in her walls as they held him as tightly as she was holding his body.

He managed to slide his cock back out just a fraction before sliding it back in, barely brushing her clit ring with his torso. That did it.

She exploded with a powerful orgasm that clenched him so tightly, and clutched and released his cock so quickly, he felt the cream rising to the opening.

In slow motion, he yanked himself out of her. 

The first blast of cream literally covered her belly. It was thick, white sauce that had the deep, musky aroma of sex and the look of fine New England Clam Chowder. Another blast covered her tits with man milk as Tim had no idea where to aim or how much was going to come out! Another blast, this one hitting her on the chin and another spurted across her forehead, soaking her hair with his grease.

The next blast she sat up and tried to catch with her mouth, but it was too small, and it ended up going up her nose. She recoiled backwards as he continued to spurt, spurt, spurt, every which way, coating her face and then almost the entire floor behind the counter with his very sticky glue.

He fell backward, conking his head, the necklace coming off as he hit the floor.

A moment or two later, he sat up, rubbed the back of his head and looked around. He turned and grabbed the amulet, lying just behind him, and lifted his shorts and pants.

"Wow! That was incredible. So, how much does this cost?"

No reply.

He turned to look at her and she wasn't moving. Her face was covered with his cream!

Quickly, he grabbed the black silk on the counter and rubbed the goo off of her face and saw

A SKULL.

Tim leapt backward in recognition. This woman was not a woman. She was a skeleton.

Quickly, he ran out of the store, ran to his car, and drove back to his house as fast as he could.

Tim didn't know what to do at that point. Should he call the police? What would he say? Officer, I was fucking a cadaver and it suddenly aged on me!

Should he just anonymously tell someone to investigate the store and maybe that person would make the disgusting discovery?

But wait. His DNA was all over the scene! If someone did find her, they'd have gallons of evidence.

But, then again, unless they had his DNA on record somewhere, there wouldn't be any way of connecting the two. 

Tim breathed an uneasy sigh.

THE PHONE RANG.

Tim nearly jumped to the ceiling.

It was then that Tim realized that he was clutching the amulet in his hand the whole while. He must have been holding it when he was running, driving and fumbling with his key to open the door. Tim finally put the thing down and answered the phone.

"Hey Tim!" came the seductive call, "Why aren't you here yet? I assigned you to bring the booze!"

It was Angela, who was the front desk receptionist at work.

"What?"

"I know you got the email about the Halloween party. Now hurry up and get here. We have games to play."

Did Tim get an email about the party? Hard to know. He didn't remember checking his email before he left work. Still, Angela was one of the women that Tim longed to be around, all day, and she was one of the women that usually ignored him, all day.

"What should I bring?"

"Ketel One, If you can bring 4 bottles of that, 4 of Tanqueray, and 4 Cuervo. I have all the Bacardi. I'm making frozen margueritas too, and the first one is for you! Bye!"

"Wait where do you..."

CLICK.

"...live."

After logging on to the computer, getting into his work mailbox and sifting through the spam, he found the notice about the party. It had an attachment which is why it wound up going to the bulk mail file: a photo of Angela in a low cut pirate outfit, leaning forward slightly and winking.

Suddenly, Tim felt another stirring in his loins. That grin, those teats, he had to have her. He took hold of the crystal in his hands and, staring at the photo, held it until the stone became hot. Without even a second thought, he jumped back into the car, picked up the laundry list of items and arrived at Angela's.

Her yard was decked out like a cemetery, with the headstones being the names of all of the workers in the department. Ghosts floated around hanging from a mobile attached to a tree branch and blowing in the breeze. And sound effects made the area seem even scarier, with the groans and the moans of people who might be in pain.

Angela answered the door in the very same outfit she wore for the picture. Bandana scarf, low cut vertical red and white striped top and a tear-away black skirt with fishnets and open toed heeled sandals. She smiled at him.

"Avast me hardy!" she growled "Did ya bring the treasure?"

"Aye, wee lassie." Tim tried.

"C'mon in!" she cried, letting him carry the big box of drunk into the kitchen. "Not a lot of people have gotten here yet, so that's why I needed you to show up first, so we can start getting the drinks prepared!"

Tim looked around and saw Lucy, who worked down the hall from him, sitting on the couch watching what looked like a Vincent Price movie. She was dressed like a Wel-Com Mart employee. That was her job before she joined the company. Not a lot of creativity there.

Lucy was a bit of a frump and basically ignored Tim, pretty much always. Tim's nickname for her was "Tighty." He didn't even bother to say hello as he entered, and she didn't even seem to notice him arrive.

Tim slid the crate onto Angela's counter, right by the blender. 

"So, what's your costume supposed to be?" Angela asked.

"I'm Guy Manley."

"Oh, the porno guy."

"He's a magazine publisher. And he gets all the ladies."

Then, as he was about to slip back into his talisman, she grabbed it.

"Aar, matey! I see ye've been holdin' out on me!"

"Ye've?"

"What manner of treasure is this?" she asked, fingering the crystal tip.

Tim struggled suddenly to remain in control of himself as she ran her index finger over the ridge of the crystal. He was trying to think of something to say to make her give it back to him.

"Oh, yeah. I mean, Oh. That's a rock that forces the wearer..."

Tim gasped as Angela continued to finger the tip of the stone.

"Are you ok?" she asked him.

"God, yes." Tim shuddered, and then continued, "The holder of it has to have sex with the owner of it."

"What?"

Angela suddenly pitched the necklace back at him and she walked towards the living room. Tim slipped back into the necklace.

"Hey, Angela, wait a second!"

He stopped her at the door.

"What?"

Tim paused, looked her up and down and smiled. "I was just wondering what you were feeling right now!"

"Total disgust at that bad joke you made." Angela pushed him away and pushed the door open, walking back to the living room.

Tim shook his head, then realized he had let the gem cool down! Quickly, he put it back in his hand and warmed it up again, thinking of Angela and her sexy pirate outfit.

Then, looking at the counter, Tim got a brilliant idea. seeing her microwave, he decided to give it a little extra juice. About twenty-five seconds should be good, right? But no. Can't put metal in there. He slid the crystal off of the silver chain and placed the stone on the carousel. He hit two, then five, then start.

The oven lit up and the amulet began to turn inside it. Tim watched it revolve. It looked like it was starting to smoke, so he pressed stop after only eighteen of the twenty-five seconds had elapsed.

When he opened the oven door, hot steam sizzled out of the oven. Tim could feel the heat radiating off of it, knowing enough not to touch it just yet. As he examined it, he saw that the center of this pink jewel was glowing white. Just then, the smoke detector went off. Tim immediately started fanning and blowing on it.

Angela came running into the kitchen.

"What the hell are you doing in here?" she yelled. 

"Me?" Tim stalled, trying to gingerly thread the crystal back onto its silver strand, "I think you had something left in your oven. Must've been burned."

Tim started juggling the gem back and forth as he attempted to slip the chain over his head.

Angela got a foot stool and stepped up onto it to reach the smoke detector and turn it off. Just then, Tim got the necklace on. 

Angela looked over her shoulder at Tim. "Well, I got that off," Angela said. "Now, let me get you off."

She bent at the waist and let her skirt ride up to her panties, her garters holding the fishnet stockings in place. Tim felt it beginning in his pants.

Angela smiled then took her thumbs and index fingers and slid down her panties so that the top of her ass crack peeked out. Then she paused, smiled again and slid her panties lower, so that she offered up a half moon. Then, she moved one hand between her legs as she used the other to let her panties fall to her ankles.

When Angela bent over a bit more and wiggled her ass, Tim's boner ripped right through his thong and brushed Angela's ass with the tip!

"Oh, baby!" Angela moaned, as she gently used a hand to spread her asscheeks. Angela braced herself against the wall with her hands, as Tim took another step toward her and slid inside.

Angela slipped out of her shoes as Tim lifted her off the floor with his cock, once again pumping and hard. Angela reached around and grabbed him like a see-saw, inching her way down his massive shaft. She laid out flat and let her legs brush his tool as she dragged her feet across his cock, the head squeezed tight in her puss.

Angela started to moan and work her legs back and forth while trying to shinny down Tim's dong.

"Uhhhh. Oh wow Tim! I'm gonna cum!"

Then, the door swung open and Lucy stood, looking at the scene. Angela and Tim froze.

Lucy silently stared for a moment, turned around and exited. 

Angela and Tim remained frozen for another moment.

Then Lucy charged back in, fully naked and started licking and sucking Angela's boobs with long lollipop strokes and squeezing her.
