 I have had this story for some time, but have been hesitant to publish it. Some horror is disturbing, even to the writer. There are several scenes in this story that are that way to me. However, I decided to publish it and let the readers decide what they think. Feedback and constructive criticism are always welcome. Thanks to LadyCibelle for her editing work on this story. S.T. 

* * * * *

It was my gift and my curse to so relish women, to be so completely obsessed with their scent, their skin, the flow and movement of their bodies that I forget myself and become more than I am. It was not always so for me, and now the long history of my life seems hazy and broken, but it still exists in my mind. It is the trail of Don Juan.

* * * * *

You hear about the people who are corporate drones working away in some cubicle or office locked away from color and sunlight, but you rarely recognize yourself as one. Well I knew I was one, and it made me miserable. To be locked away from life and love staring at a cheap flickering computer screen, answering endless lines of email, and waiting and begging for quitting time. 

But like many people I had rationalized away my misery in favor of comfort. The good money I had made, the stock funds I owned, the expensive cars all were very good at keeping me coming back to that desk day after day. I believed myself successful, and indeed in the scope of our society I was. I had a beautiful house, expensive things to fill it, and two expensive cars parked out front. 

Fortunately for me I believe I had found real wealth. I also had a beautiful fiancé. She was the one thing in my life that had broken through my armor and allowed a little bit of my soul to live again. I had met her in Spain on a vacation, and through constant email and letters, and trips across the pond I had finally won her heart. 

She had come to live with me six months ago, and we had spent the time making love and planning our wedding for the fall. She was a full luscious woman, with soft hips and large breasts, and her dark eyes seemed to be windows to her soul. Whenever we went out to dine or dance all the men would look at her, and I would smile as I ran my hand down her back and across her womanly ass. I did not know at the time how completely obsessed I was with her.

* * * * *

The plane landed hard as was typical of jets flying into Denver's airport. The mountains caused the air to shift and move in ways that the planes seemed to dislike. Still, it was home, and she was waiting for me. I sat anxiously forward on my seat as the plane lumbered toward the gate, and my back protested the cramped seat and long disuse. The flight from New York had been long, and the business negotiations I had been sent on had been longer, but I was home now.

I watched the blue lights of the runway out the window, and the strange-lighted signs that must be clear as street signs to the pilots, who taxied our plane down the twists and turns of the runways. I could see the white domed peaking roof of the airport as we pulled toward the terminal, and people began to fidget in preparation for the mad wait the exiting of an aircraft always seemed to entail.

The plane coasted to a stop and jerked suddenly as the pilot pushed on the breaks to stop on some invisible line, prompted by the waving of a man with two orange batons. The large woman already standing in the isle next to me lurched forward into the other passengers giggling obscenely like some caged hyena. I tapped my hand impatiently as the line moved slowly forward and I could stand and join the throng moving like cattle down a slaughter chute. "Come on!" I shouted in my head, "She is waiting!"

When I burst from the enclosure of the crowd and past the groups of clinging and hugging couples I looked slowly around. She would not be here of course, she hated airports, but still every man when he leaves a plane has that moment when he stops and looks for a friendly face in the crowd.

I shouldered my bags and followed the flow of people towards the trains and the baggage claims. I had long ago mastered the art of carry-on luggage, even after 9-11, and would at least not have to wait on a bag with the others.

The train to the Terminal was crowed, and the elevator down to the parking garage was even more so. I rode down to the bottom level and walked into the cold fall air. Winter was fast approaching, and I shivered as I pulled the keys from my pocket and unlocked the car. 

I wondered as I turned the key and the engine roared to life if she would be waiting in the red nightgown, with her hair down and a bottle of our favorite wine open. Or would she be waiting in a formal gown to take me to our favorite restaurant. I was smiling.

The drive across Denver and into the foothills to Boulder was long, and the traffic maddening. By the time I pulled into the drive high on the hill, the lights of Boulder were twinkling below, and my house sat dark and quiet. I smiled to myself again, wondering what plans she had in store for me. She had been so excited on the phone last week when she knew I was coming home tonight.

The cold mountain air was rich with the scents of fall as I walked up the steps to my home. The porch light was dark as I fumbled with the keys looking for the one to open the front door. At last, trembling slightly from the cold, I pushed open my door and walked into the dark entryway. The lights on the alarm pad flickered beeping out a warning, and I crossed to quickly punch in my code. That was strange I thought, she hardly ever set the alarm.

The house was quiet and dark, no music floated down the spiral stair from the second level, no candles burned on the entry table. The air inside was cold, and the house felt dead. I walked up the stairs in the dark, thinking she must be waiting in our room and not wanting to fill the house with light. At the stair top I turned and walked the hall into the large master bedroom. It too was dark. 

A feeling of unease began to creep through me, and I skipped back down the stairs, snapping on the lights now as I went. The house was cluttered. In the living room a bottle of wine lay empty on its side on the glass coffee table. I rounded the corner in the kitchen snapping on the light, and was greeted by a pile of dishes, and half eaten food. I began to fear. She was a meticulous housekeeper, and she rarely ate at home when I was away. 

I turned from the kitchen now running through the house, driving back the darkness in each room as I flipped on all the lights, calling her name. I took the stairs two at a time the stainless steel ringing under my feet like a chime. The office and the bathroom cluttered but empty, and at last back full circle to the bedroom. 

I entered the room at almost at a run as I flipped on the light, and stood in the middle of the thick cream carpet. The covers on the king sized bed lay crumpled at its foot, and clothes were strewn about the floor. A bra here, and garters there. The bottom sheet of the bed rumpled and bunched, and there on the bedside table two tall wine glasses half full. 

I moved slowly towards them, as if I suddenly doubted my footing, as if the rich carpet were the grass of a swamp that could swallow me up into a deadly bog. As if the floor of my own home was suddenly suspect, and there was no sure footing anywhere in the world.

On one glass the red smear of lipstick, and on the other nothing. My eyes strayed through the room again now slowly, and what had before been but random clutter, became a story, laid out piece by piece across the floor. Cloths scattered from door to bed as if in careless hurry. The bed sheets crumpled and stained. My gaze returned to the wine glasses, and I saw the pink paper beside them. It was a note in her hand, and hastily done. It left no room for question, and yet answered none. 

"My Dear, I have found him. I must go with him. He has stolen my soul. I am sorry."

