 This is part of a larger story. I decided to submit a portion of it for early consumption. I hope you enjoy.

***

"I saw you the other night."

Mike looked up from his books, startled away from his studies. The stunning woman standing across the library table from him was a stranger to him, but after one look, he was ready to make her acquaintance. 

"Is that right? Where did you see me?"

"At the party. The frat party at the club."

Mike recalled that party fondly. It had been a Friday night to remember. Several of the campus fraternities had gotten together and rented a nightclub for a big party to celebrate the upcoming end-of-term. 

"Hmmm. I don't recall seeing you there. Were you in the main part of the club or...?"

"No." She interrupted. "No, I was in your private room. I saw you and the others."

Her matter-of-fact tone began to concern him a little. What had happened in that room might be misperceived by someone who wasn't there the whole time. 

"Ok." He replied hesitantly, "Well, I don't remember you, so why are you talking to me?"

"I liked what I saw. Of you. I was wondering if you would be available for a, um, 'private session.'"

Mike relaxed. So she had been turned on by seeing him and his buddies strutting around the room naked, more than a dozen of them having their way with three young co-eds. Mike had directed the entire scene, walking around the room stark naked and coaching his equally naked brothers. He made sure that each one had plenty of time with each of the girls. He directed carefully, even grabbing the girls by the wrists if they tried to move away when they shouldn't have.

Now this beautiful black-haired woman in front of him was confirming what he knew all along; women liked a strong man in control. If she wanted a session of her own, that was fine with him. 

"Certainly. What did you have in mind?" His familiar cockiness began to show through again.

"We can go back to my place. I'd really like for us to spend some time together. I can do things to you that will leave you feeling like you've never felt before."

Mike shuddered. She had an overpowering and unusual effect on him. "Let's go."

Mike gathered up his books and followed her out to her car. He was surprised to see it was a tiny convertible sports car, jet black. It looked fast just sitting under the street lights. This night was getting better and better.

They climbed in, Mike feeling like his ass was dragging about a half-inch off the ground in the low seat. His companion handled the powerful little car with surprising skill, moving fluidly through traffic. 

There was very little conversation as Mike began to feel a sudden sleepiness come over him. He nodded off at a stop light not far from campus, and though he felt as if he had just fallen asleep for a second, when he woke again, they were driving through a part of town that was unfamiliar to him. He looked around in mild confusion at the jumble of warehouses and industrial buildings they were shooting through at high speed, a touch unsteady after his nap.

"Where are we?"

"Don't worry. We are almost there. Rent is cheaper out here and you'd be surprised how many of us live in some of these converted buildings."

They pulled up in front of a building that looked as if it was once an old warehouse or small factory, but had been converted into something a bit more residential. Mike couldn't quite put his finger on what to call it. Townhouse? No. Flat? Maybe. While he was standing in front of the building trying to get his bearings (which way was the campus?) he realized his date was already heading inside. 

Mike quickly followed her and found himself even more disoriented. Her flat had a strange layout. There were no halls, just cramped rooms joined by doorways covered by heavy hanging cloth or beads and the rooms didn't seem to have typical uses. The lighting was faint and indirect, preventing him from getting a good look at anything. He began to feel a little unsettled and decided as soon as he caught up with...what was her name?...he was going to re-take control of the situation. He had taken control with plenty of women and they liked it when their man showed them who was in control.

He wandered through a few more rooms that might have been studies or libraries or kitchens or bedrooms and finally caught up to her. She was standing just inside the door of a slightly larger room. He wheeled on her and pressed her up against the wall, kissing her roughly. For just a moment, she seemed surprised and submitted to him, but just as quickly, he felt a weakening of his resolve. Though he still had her pressed up against the wall, he was no longer the one in control. 

She kissed him passionately, deeply, their tongues fighting an erotic duel. She put both her hands behind his head, grabbed his auburn hair and pulled his head back just a little. 

"Easy, cowboy. Everything in it's own time."

The rough passion he had felt boiling up in him subsided a bit. She slowly turned him around to face a bed across the room. It had no blankets, only an odd mesh sheet and copper bar frame. Mike didn't much care; he was about to get laid by a beautiful woman who was trying as much to control the situation as he was. The thought excited him.

"Take your clothes off and lay down in the middle of the bed. I'll be right back."

"What do you mean, 'Take your clothes off?'"

She turned back to him and spoke slowly and clearly. "I mean just what I said, Mike. I want you naked as the day you were born when I get back." She walked out of the room, leaving Mike to do as he was told. 

I'll step out of my narrative for a moment to share a fact with you, friendly reader. Just before she walked out of the room, Mike still had a chance to prevent what was going to happen next. In that moment, if he had gotten his pompous head out of his ass for just a moment and asked with the gentle inquiry, 'what's your name?' or shown any other concern for his host, he might have been ok. He might have enjoyed getting to know this strong and mysterious woman who had abducted him to the edge of the known world. If he had been very careful and very clever, he might even have had the sexual encounter he was planning on. 

But by now, I'm sure you know that Mike isn't that kind of guy. And though you don't know her name either, you know that our black-haired beauty isn't that kind of girl. I tell you this because I want you to know he could have prevented the whole thing. 

But he didn't.

So she walks out of the room, leaving Mike standing there feeling a little confused and a little unsure of himself. He begins to strip and soon is standing there naked looking a little confused. He decides to settle into the middle of the bed as he was told.

He arranges some pillows behind him, propping himself up slightly. He decides to relax as best he can and wait to see what is next. He puts his hands up behind his head and spreads his legs a little, letting his heavy cock and balls hang down between his legs. He looks like a fraternity brother should look; muscular, trim, smooth and confident. 

He lays there for a bit, still wondering and feeling his mind drift a little when she comes back in the room. She is a vision to behold. She is tall and slender, with a very narrow waist, large, firm breasts and long, powerful legs. Her thick, wavy black hair hangs far down her back and tumbles over her bust. 

She is wearing an outfit that could be on the cover of any men's magazine. A black lacy bra is doing a remarkable job of supporting her ample breasts without doing much to cover them. Her dark nipples are half exposed over the loose lace weave. She is wearing a low, hip-riding black lace thong that is also loosely woven, leaving no doubt she is completely smooth underneath.

But the topper are the black leather boots she that come far up her thighs. They are shiny and dark as the night. Mike feels a stirring in his crotch just seeing her walk over to the bed. His eyes travel lustfully up and down her strong body. 

"Damn," he says. He can't really come up with anything better. 

She doesn't say anything, just smiles a little and sits on the bed near his hips. She reaches over and begins to run the palm of her hand lightly over his lower belly. She leans in and kisses him lightly on the hip. Mike sucks in his breath as she moves her hand over his swelling cock and gently cups his entire manhood. Her eyes are riveted on him, his masculinity, his unhidden pride.

She lets go and gets up off the bed, watching his face closely. She turns to face him fully and in that moment, several things happen.

Mike suddenly feels the bed move underneath him. All around him, long tendrils shoot up out of the bed. Before he even has a chance to flinch, he is held tight by a dozen or more of these mysterious and powerful cords. They are around his ankles, knees, thighs, waist, arms and neck. More of them come up out of the bed and begin lifting him into the air. Mike is completely powerless against their awesome strength. Though he flexes his lean and powerful body, twisting and turning, he barely moves. 

He tries to shout at the mysterious woman who is now watching him with steady contempt, but before he can take a proper breath, one of the cords forces its way into his mouth. In that moment, Mike can't help but feel like he's suddenly sucking a writhing, powerful cock. He is unable to make a sound as the tentacle pushes deeper into his mouth. It is wet. There is some kind of sweet fluid that coating the shaft. 

At first, Mike resists, struggling in vain against the violation, but eventually he calms down just a little. The tendril-cock pushing in and out of his mouth curls on his tongue and seems to relax with him. Mike slowly begins to take stock of his situation.

He has a hard time making out details in the dim room, but from what he can tell, the tendrils are slippery smooth, hard but a little fleshy and move independently. Their tips are rounded and smooth. They are a little bigger around than a thumb and there are many of them. None of the tendrils is harming him or causing him any real pain, but he is totally at their mercy. 

They gentle probe and poke at him, wrapping and curling around him, touching him everywhere. He is a foot or more off the bed with his arms held out to his sides and his legs spread a little. One tendril slithers up between his legs and wraps itself around the base of his cock; a living cock-ring, squeezing gently. Another comes up alongside his cock that is totally limp from the shock of the situation and begins to wrap around it, stroking it and slithering along the length of his shaft, leaving a sheen on his skin. 

Mike begins to feel a strange and powerful combination of emotions. He is naked and weak, exposed and unable to say or do anything to change the situation. At the same time, he feels building in him a new and powerful sensuality. This many-fingered thing, whatever it is, is caressing every part of his naked frame, leaving no part of him untouched or unexplored. He is aroused by its careful caressing.

It seems to be focusing its attention on his erogenous zones. Its stroking of his cock and balls is just the beginning as two more begin circling and playing with his erect nipples. Others are toying with his ass cheeks. More of them begin moving around and across his hands. He feels compelled to grip them lightly and allow them to slide back and forth in his hands.

"What are you feeling?" Her voice comes out of nowhere, pulling him back to reality just a little.

A thousand answers swirl through his mind. He is aroused for sure. He's a little scared by the touching and probing, but if he is honest with himself (and it is a good time to be honest with himself), he realizes he is starting to enjoy what is happening. 

The tendril in his mouth pulls out suddenly, leaving Mike a little surprised. 

"I am scared." He says it slowly, feeling the words are not entirely his. His voice drops. "But I'm also...you know...a little excited." Mike is surprised at his own words and the feelings surging through his frame. He is torn between wanting it to stop and needing it to continue. 

"Good. There is more to come."

Mike is repositioned to a slight sitting position. His head is tilted forward so he is looking down his torso as tendrils continue to stroke and massage him. His cock is half-erect and shiny with moisture; some of it his own, some of it smeared onto him from the tendrils that have been stroking and caressing him. 

His legs are pulled further apart and towards his chest a little, exposing his ass fully to his dominator. Three tendrils come up between his legs and begin braiding themselves together, forming a single thick cord. 

"Oh, God." Mike realizes what is going to happen. "No."

"Yes." The cord pushes at his tight, virgin ass, slipping in with surprisingly little trouble. Mike grits his teeth as the agony and ecstasy wash over him. He has never been ass-fucked before and certainly never by some creature. The tight braid spirals and circles deeper and deeper into his ass. Mike feels the waves of excitement and erotic pain wash over him. His cock has become rock-hard and several tendrils poke and swirl gently around it, continuing to coat him with their fluid as his cock drips precum all over them.

The braided cock slips deeper into his ass. How far is impossible to tell. Four inches, six, maybe ten or more and still it keeps coming. Mike's ass flexes and contracts as he is filled to the limit and beyond.

"Make it stop, please, make it stop...oh God, I can't take any more." Mike forms these words in his head, but when he tries to plead with his captor, the only words that come out are "Please, oh God, more." She only smiles back at him.

What is happening? Why is he feeling so conflicted? He doesn't like to take it in the ass, does he? But it feels so good! When he tries to pull away from the braided penetration out of some sense of moral shame, he feels an empty sense of longing, so he presses back down onto it. He struggles to come to grips with the new emotions running through him.

He looks at the black haired woman. She has watched impassively as this whole scene unfolded in front of her. But now, as Mike writhes in ecstasy, she reaches down the front of her low-cut thong and begins gently stroking herself.

As he tries to understand the feelings in his ass, a larger, thicker tendril that closely resembles a cock snakes its way across his flexing chest, up his outstretched neck and forces its way into his mouth. He is now penetrated from both ends. Almost against his will, but increasingly eagerly, he begins licking and sucking at the large cock in his mouth, running his tongue around the cock-head, loving its hardness and the way it fills his mouth and throat.

Several smaller tendrils wrap themselves tightly around his erection and begin to slide up and down it in unison, jerking him off. His hands clench again around the tendrils in his fists. He finds he is giving handjobs to this thing that has him at it's mercy. 

As his conscious thought shuts down, his head rolls back and he goes into sensory overload. He can no longer focus on all the sensations flooding his mind. He is sucking and fucking in every way he can imagine and still there are more tendrils gently stroking his chest, stomach, arms, legs and back. He gives himself fully over to the experience, no longer trying to control it physically or through force of will. 

The woman increases the vigor of her rubbing, placing both hands inside her thong and fingering herself furiously. 

One by one, the tendrils begin to cum on him like virile men, their jets of cum shooting this way and that across his exposed body. He feels the braid filling his ass expand and, in unison, the three intertwined tendrils erupt and he feels their fluid coat his inside. The tendril cock in his mouth plunges deeply and its cum fills his throat. The taste is not unpleasant and Mike swallows reflexively, a little scared of what this unknown semen might do to him. Mike revels in the feeling of the warm fluids covering his body. A feminine sensuality washes over him. 

Mike feels an orgasm begin to rise in him, his body responding of its own volition to the deep penetrations and orgasms erupting all around him. His cock hardens even more, but then, before he can explode across his vulnerable body, the creature suddenly stops stroking him. The braided tendril cock in his ass is removed, leaving him feeling hollow. His hard cock is left slick, bouncing helplessly in the air. The large cock in his mouth is suddenly pulled out. His hands are left to dangle uselessly. He is still bound in a dozen places, unable to move. Milky fluid runs in rivers across him. 

The tension in his body evaporates, leaving him limp and supported by the slender tendrils that bind him. Mike knows this experience is not yet finished, but for the moment, he has no strength to even raise his head as the ecstacy ebbs out of him. 

A new tendril, as large as the one that he was recently sucking, but colored a deep grey and without a cock-head, slithers across his body. The tip of it touches him first on one nipple, then the other. Then it begins to circle outward across his chest and leaves a slippery trail of clear fluid as it moves across his belly towards his crotch. Fear and excitement again co-mingle in Mike. He raises his head to watch, knowing this part is going to be different. 

The woman pushes down her thong, revealing her smooth treasure. It is swollen and wet with anticipation. For a hopeful moment, Mike wonders if he might actually have something resembling sex during this crazy night. That thought leaves him as she suddenly stops fingering herself and walks to the other side of the room to grab something off a shelf.

She comes back and sits at the foot of the bed, spreading her legs wide. A tendril comes up out of the bed and penetrates her gently. She continues rubbing herself, watching the new, larger tendril explore Mike's body.

The large tendril pushes past his erection, which is still bobbing uselessly and dripping cum from the creature. It slithers past his balls towards the delicate place between his cock and ass. His legs are pulled apart even more, fully exposing him to the rounded head of the tendril. It begins to rub and press, causing an unusual sensation. Then, suddenly and without pain, it penetrates into that useless void of private space most men ignore without thought.

Mike can't even begin to formulate how it feels; it is completely foreign to him. It doesn't feel anything like getting fucked in the ass. This is somehow more normal and surprisingly sensual than his recent anal experience. He loves the new feeling of full penetration, the intimate connection of two bodies bonded by wet flesh. Mike's body begins to respond in new ways to these feelings that have touched an unknown erotic center in him.

His captor has a large mirror, which she holds between his legs so he can see what has happened to him. A bloodless opening has appeared, shaped and folded along the sides. "Holy shit!" Mike thinks silently to himself, "I've got a..a..pussy!" His hairless vagina is being fucked by this strange tendril. He watches the tendril as it slides in and out just as his cock has done countless time to countless women. He realizes the view he has at this moment is just what they see as he has his way with them. He can't believe the crazy night and these strange happenings, but in the dark corners of his mind, he begins to deeply enjoy the new sensations.

His captor looks at him. He looks back at her, completely at a loss for words. The pounding of his pussy continues and his cock is as hard as it can be. He feels a new type of orgasm building in him; a double orgasm. He struggles towards it and away from it as fast as he can, wanting to feel it and prolong it at the same time, but in the end, he is helpless. The large cock inside him flexes again in climax, filling his virgin womanhood for the first time with hot fluid. His body takes over and in a gush of his semen and feminine orgasm, he erupts. Long jets of his semen shoot across his body, hitting him in the face and chest. The glorious ecstasy he is feeling overtakes him in incredible waves.
