 Chapter 1

I had opted for an early retirement and at age 45 was looking around for some options to keep me out of trouble. I say this because I am a horn-dog and when combined with good looking women usually gets me in deep shit, not because they are beautiful but because more often than not they are in some sort of relationship.

I was on a leisurely trip thru New England when I saw the For Sale sign next to a long driveway. I could just see the edge of the house around a bend and in a spur of the moment decision decided to stop and see if anyone was home. The driveway was hard topped with white crushed marble and led to a circular parking area at the front door. I was impressed with the older house that was two storied with an attic. As I started to mount the steps a well-dressed older woman greeted me from the door. I introduced myself as Caleb Williams and explained that I was interested in looking at the house and she motioned for me to sit down in a chair that was on the porch. Joining me in a matching chair she asked me about myself, I think she was just trying to sort out the curious. I explained that I was recently retired and thought a move to a country setting was something I might consider if I could find a suitable house.

Mrs. James invited me to look thru the house providing she could be the tour guide. I readily agreed and she held the door as I went in before her. I got a momentary cold chill as I entered and put it down as just the difference between the outside and inside air. The home was well maintained and Mrs. James explained that her husband had recently passed away and she didn't need the big old house. The ground floor had the usual kitchen, dining room, half bath, an old fashioned summer kitchen and a parlor as well as a front room. I was surprised that there were still houses around with a parlor and remarked about it to Mrs. James. She smiled at me and explained that her and her husband used to entertain quite a bit and having a parlor kept the mess in one place. 

There was a beautiful staircase leading to the second floor and when we started up Mrs. James took my arm and held me close to her as we alighted to the second floor. There was a hallway that led to the master bedroom with an attached master bath and three other bedrooms with a family bath to service them. A door opened to a narrow stairway leading to the attic and Mrs. James said if I wanted to see the attic I could go up myself and look around. I did that and found a spacious area that was empty except for what looked like an old trunk from the 20ies or 30ies. I came back to the second floor where Mrs. James patiently waited for me to return. I told her that I was very impressed with the house and asked if I could look around the grounds, she agreed and we went back down to the ground floor. She led me to the back door and said I could look around all I wanted but please come back to the house before leaving.

There was a large two stall garage and a small barn that had been built within the past 20 years or so and both buildings were in great shape. The grounds could use some work but could be restored to excellent condition without much effort. I remembered that Mrs. James mentioned that there were about 10 acres and I thought that this would be a terrific place if the price was right. I went back to the house and told Mrs. James that I was interested if we could come to terms on the price. She smiled and slid a piece of paper into my hand. I looked at it and almost fell over when I saw the price. I asked if this was the correct amount and if it included all the land and out buildings. She said it did and I immediately agreed to her terms. I asked if she would accept a check as a good faith binder, to which she readily agreed.

A few weeks passed before the contracts were drawn, signed and the property closed on. I gave Mrs. James all the time she needed to move out and she didn't take advantage of my good nature. I took possession a week after the closing.

Chapter 2

I had a moving company move my belongings from the city and I decided to camp out at my new house while I waited for them to deliver my stuff. I walked thru the front door and again got the cold feeling I did the first time I saw the house with Mrs. James. I didn't think much of it and set about blowing up my air mattress in one of the bedrooms. I had brought some coffee for morning and decided to explore my new property. My car fit in the garage with plenty of room and the barn was going to make a great workshop. There was a small copse of woods on one side of the land that would afford privacy on that side. I could probably rent some acreage to a farmer so he could grow hay or some sort of feed, in the meantime it was just some hay fields to enjoy.

I had brought a book to read and turned in early. I had a few interesting dreams and woke up early to wait for the movers. I was sipping a cup of coffee when they arrived and it didn't take long for them to unload everything and put it in the rooms that it was marked for. I did a quick inspection and didn't find anything damaged so I wrote them a check and they were on their way. I looked around and found I had a daunting task ahead of me to get everything unpacked and put away. I decided to tackle the kitchen first and then do the bedroom. That made sense to me because I had to eat and sleep. By the end of the day I had most everything organized and put away and was ready to turn in.

I woke up early and refreshed after my busy day yesterday. I had slept soundly and didn't have any unusual dreams like I had the previous night. I needed some supplies so I went into town to do some shopping. There was an A&P in town, the first one I had seen since I was a little guy, and I did a month's shopping before I got out of there. I had spotted some great steaks on sale so I stocked up along with other meats. I got a feeling of satisfaction when I put stuff away and the freezer was full. 

A Satellite disk was included in the sale of the house, so all I had to do was call and have it activated to my account and I had TV for entertainment. 

I had picked up the local paper and a tourist guide while I was in town and looked thru them for what was offered in the form of night life. Like most sleepy New England towns there wasn't much to do but an hour away was a major city with all kinds of things to do. I did find a few restaurants that were local and I knew that I would try them out before I took a guest out for dinner. My sometimes girlfriend was a city girl and I didn't expect her to be a frequent visitor. I would have to see if there were any local female companions available, single and unattached I hoped.

I was watching some nonsense reality show when I thought I heard someone softly call my name. "Caleb, Caleb, Caleb." I looked up and all around but didn't see anyone, not that there should have been anyone there but it was just a reaction to hearing your name. I got up and looked outside and again I didn't see anyone. "Must just be my imagination being in a strange place," I said to myself as I returned to my show. I had an uneasy feeling the rest of the night and just put it down to feeling spooky, I was glad Halloween was a long way off, I didn't need any ghosts and goblins knocking on my door.

Bedtime finally arrived and I checked the doors, turned off the lights and went upstairs to bed. I sleep in the nude so after my bathroom routines I snuggled under the covers and drifted off to sleep. I dreamt that I had a female visitor that came to my bed and sat down on the edge putting her hand on my chest. I woke up with a start to find that I was alone. I was wide awake by now and tried to get back to sleep but it wouldn't come. I got up and decided to go down and get a book to read until I settled down from my disturbing dream. It wasn't a nightmare but it seemed so real I expected to find someone sitting on my bed when I woke up. The book did the trick and I soon dropped off to sleep again. Morning dawned bright and sunny with a little dew on the grass. I guessed the chore for today would be to cut the grass. There would be plenty of chores to do to keep me busy with a big two story 4 bedroom house to take care of. I had set up one bedroom as a home office with my laptop, printer and fax machine along with a desk and some file cabinets. I had furnished a guest room with the furniture I had from my apartment in the city so that left one upstairs room empty. I didn't have any furniture for the parlor and didn't know what I would eventually put in there. The summer kitchen would be a temporary storage area for household items I didn't know what to do with. I thought that eventually that would become a TV/family room of sorts. It was big enough to entertain in and would keep the noise of the TV or sound system in one part of the house although I would wire some speakers in other parts of the house.

I had some breakfast and went to the barn to get the mower that Mrs. James had included in the sale. It was a big John Deere tractor with a few attachments that would be nice when I put in a garden next spring. The big 60 inch mowing deck put short work on the lawns but I would have to do some hand work but that was expected, luckily there was a push mower in the barn also so I was done in less than an hour. I cleaned up the mowers and put them away. I looked around the barn a little more and found a good selection of hand tools and a workbench tucked away in a corner. Apparently Mr. James was a handyman of sorts but not a craftsman by any means. I could see a nice shop in the future and I would probably park the tractor and mower in the garage.

It was close to lunchtime so I went back to the house. I went into the kitchen and reached for a plate only to find that things had been moved in the cabinets. 

"Caleb, you are losing it, when the hell did you change stuff around. I must have been more tired than I thought." I said to myself. I prepared some lunch and had some time to consider what I was going to do with myself in my retirement.

I had always been interested in photography and had won some awards in school when we had a showing of our work. I was pretty good at woodworking but it was for my own entertainment. I was interested in history and thought I could research the area and maybe start a tourist tour service. Being a newcomer I thought that was a little presumptive on my part to give tours in an area I didn't know anything about. Probably photography was the best option because I could freelance the better photos and just enjoy taking the pictures anyways. Who knows where that could lead, in the meantime I was free to travel and see some of the sites I had read about but was always too busy to go there.

I was sitting at my laptop making some notes and a list of equipment I wanted to buy when I heard "Caleb, Caleb, Caleb," just like I had heard the night before. I was startled and looked around seeing that I was alone as expected. Was I losing my mind or just hearing things. I had to pay attention to my feelings and see if there were more things happening. I went back to my laptop and documented the strange things that seemed to be happening to me.

Cold draft at the front door

Tuesday evening - my name called

Tuesday night - someone sitting on my bed

Wednesday - dishes changed in cabinets

Wednesday afternoon - my name called again

I didn't know if all of this was just my imagination or maybe I had bought a haunted house and that was why the price was so good. I wasn't scared of ghosts but if the place was haunted I wanted to know the ghosts or at least know how to deal with them.

I decided to wait awhile and see if the spirits would be a little friendlier if I just accepted them. In the meantime I thought I would explore the attic a little more. Upon inspection I found the attic to be as clean as I thought it was when I peeked in during my tour of the house. I spotted the old trunk that I had seen before and it peaked my interest. There were a few items tucked away in cubbyholes that I hadn't seen before but not so much that it would be a problem to get rid of. I decided to open the trunk and see what if anything was in it. I slid it out into the middle of the floor and from the weight of it led me to believe there was something in it. The latch opened without a problem and I opened the lid to find a bunch of old books and some strange objects that were a mystery to me. I thought I would get a folding table and a chair before taking anything out of the trunk.

After setting up my table I started to empty the trunk. I put the books in a pile on one end of the table, keeping them in the same order as they were when they were put away. Maybe if they were stories or journals they might have been in some sort of order. There were a bunch of candles along with their holders and some metal objects that looked mystical in origin. I found some clothes folded neatly and stacked on one side and set them on the table alongside the books. The trunk was empty but the inside area didn't match the outside dimensions. I tapped on the floor of the trunk and it sounded a little hollow so I looked for a tab or some sort of latch that might release the bottom panel if it were in fact a concealed panel. Feeling around the edges I found a soft area and when I pressed it I heard a click and the panel raised on one side allowing me to pry it up and remove it. Inside I found a large volume that was almost as large as the trunk and I placed it on the table with the rest of the stuff. I didn't see anything of monetary value so I decided I would have some dinner before getting into the books.

I was tired after dinner so I watched some TV instead of going back to the attic. It was around ten when I went upstairs to get ready for bed. Even though the attic looked clean I felt dusty and the hot shower felt good. I soaped myself and a few strokes up and down my cock felt even better. I had not had any sex in a long time and it didn't take long to finish the job at hand. Finishing the shower I dried myself and as usual went to bed in the nude. I read a book for a few minutes before my eyes got heavy so I turned off the light and went to sleep.

Sometime during the night I had a vivid dream featuring a beautiful dark haired woman. She approached my bed and stood there in a shear gown. Her breasts were high on her chest with pointed nipples that begged for someone to suck them. Her mound was swollen with desire; her eyes looked at me with lust. She loosened her ties and the gown slid from her shoulders and puddled at her feet on the floor. She reached down and removed the sheet that covered my raging erection, slid onto the bed with me and wrapped her hand around my cock. I held my breath as she bent at the waist and sucked the head of my cock between her lips. Saliva coated my cock and her hand slid up and down with a twisting motion drawing the cum from my balls. Just as I was about to cum I awoke to find my saliva covered cock throbbing with a need to cum. Sweat was pouring out of me and I reached for my cock, with just a touch it fountained, shooting about two feet in the air and coating my chest as it fell.

I laid there for a few minutes catching my breath. I brought my hand to my face and smelled my hand that had been around my cock. I was surprised that it smelled sweet rather than the acrid smell of semen. Who was the woman that was modeled in my dream; I had never met anyone that looked like she did. I got out of bed to go and wash up and my feet got tangled in a silky fabric at the side of my bed. I picked up the cloth and held it away from me turning it to see what I was holding. I was shocked to see it was the gown in my dreams and I sat back down on my bed, my head spinning trying to fathom what was going on. I finally got my wits about me and went to the bathroom to clean up after the violent cum inspired by my dream

Chapter 3 

Dawn finally came and as the sun came over the horizon I closed my eyes and was able to take a nap. A few hours later I got up and over breakfast pondered what had happened overnight. A dream is one thing but where in hell did that gown come from. 

Trying to distract myself from the strange events of the past few days I decided to take a trip to the city so I could buy some photo accessories to augment the great digital camera I had treated myself to a few months ago. I thought I would need some lighting along with a selection of lenses. I found a store that also supplied printed backgrounds that were rolled up on a core for easy storage. I treated myself to three different scenes and started for home. 

I put all my stuff away in the office for the time being and had the thought that I might be able to set up a studio in the attic if I needed the extra space. It was spacious and airy and would be easy to finish off with some wallboard and a ceiling. 

Remembering the items I had found in the trunk yesterday I decided to look at them after I had some lunch. I decided to take my lunch with me as I climbed the stairs to the attic. Setting my lunch down I looked at the pile of clothes and almost fainted when I saw the gown that I had left downstairs folded neatly on the top of the pile. Lunch was forgotten as I fought to get my head around the latest event. I knew I didn't bring the gown up here. I didn't even remember it being up here when I emptied the trunk yesterday. 

I calmed my stomach and ate my lunch slowly thinking about this strange house. If in fact I did have some spirits in the house I was pretty sure they were not of an evil spectrum. I would have to find a way to communicate with it or them or I would go nuts. I resigned myself that there would be some unique happenings going on so as I finished my lunch I opened the first journal ignoring the large book that was hidden under the false bottom of the trunk. 

I found that it was more of a diary than a journal. I started to read the entries and it seemed that it was written by a young woman that thought she had some strange powers. She thought she could talk to ghosts and could foretell coming events. I read about half the diary before she mentioned that her name was Etta. She described herself as medium height with dark hair almost black. She didn't mention anything else that would distinguish her from any other young woman. I read a little further and she told how she was having strange dreams, some of them sexual. That prompted me to read a little further and she told of night visits by spirits that would give her the most satisfying orgasms. She would wake up cumming so hard that her vagina would ache, clamping itself hard as if gripping a hard penis. She also told of objects being moved in the house, sometimes disappearing for days at a time.

Reading the diary left me with mixed emotions, on one hand I was relieved that I wasn't nuts or imagining the stuff that had been happening to me but at the same time fearing what was in store for me as time went on. I was determined to deal with the spirits as long as they stayed friendly and so far they had been "very" friendly.

I put the diary aside so I could think about the story that was unfolding in front of me. There was too much to absorb and the more I tried to the more frustrated I became. I thought it best to distract myself so I got out my camera with the intention of taking pictures of my house so I could share them with some friends and family. I went from room to room taking pictures and even included the attic and out buildings. I was pretty satisfied with myself and downloaded the pictures to my laptop. I was overjoyed with the results as I scrolled thru the fifty or so images I had captured. I thought I would take my time as I went thru them a second time and thought I could see some interesting shadows in some of the pictures. I made note of the ones that I wanted to send out and went back to the odd ones. The shadows took a definite human form when I blew up the pictures, no distinguishing feature other that the shape. I copied the pictures to a separate folder hoping that over time I could get some better images and compare them with what I already took. 
