 Ted Smith checked the sun shining down from directly overhead before stepping into the shadows of the old building. He paused inside the room, letting his eyes adjust to the gloom. Rays of light came through holes in windows and walls. Ted picked the stairway out of the darkness. He reached around and drew his sword from the sheath on his back. He held the sword in front of him, his ears tuned to an almost-preternatural sharpness.

At the foot of the steps, he lowered low-light goggles over his eyes. He picked the first zombie out of the gloom. He scanned around, picking out four more. The first one "saw" him. He moved quickly and decapitated it with a swift cut. The undead body fell bonelessly to the floor. Four more quick movements and four more of the zombie Servants lay still on the ground.

This brought the Hunter to a door. He could see dull light coming fro under the door. He removed his goggles and pushed open the door.

No zombies awaited him. He scanned the largely-empty room and was surprised to find nothing guarding the coffin inside. Swallowing his unease, he stepped to the side of the coffin and sheathed his sword. He pulled a wooden stake and hammer from his belt. Holding them both in his left hand, he gripped the edge of the lid with his right.

He lifted the lid, surely read for anything. Except for what he saw.

The face of Ashley Tillman looked asleep. She had been missing for only a couple of weeks, barely enough time to turn a human into a vampire. He looked over her naked figure, searching her soft flesh for the telltale signs of vampirism.

He gently turned her head from side to side, noting no marks on her throat. There were also no marks on her bare breasts with their stiff pink nipples, and none under her arms. He adjusted his stiffening member and continued his search. His hands moved over her stomach and past the soft blond hair of her pubic mound. He gently pushed her thighs apart and there they stared up at him like twin pinpricks, the seeming spider bites that were the marks of the vampire's bite. As he gazed at the first proof of Ashley Tillman's transformation, his nose wrinkled at the not unpleasant scent of arousal. His eyes spotted the glistening fluid that matched the smell. His eyes caught movement and he found himself looking into her sparkling green eyes. He was frozen, staring fixedly, into those eyes, when every alarm system in his body went off.

He couldn't pull himself out of the trance. Then something marble-hard struck the back of his neck and all was darkness.

Ted woke without opening his eyes, his head pounding. He felt his hands and feet tied down and a stack of blankets beneath his naked rear end and back.

The accented voice was thick with the flavor of the Balkans. "Go ahead, my darling. Open your eyes. I know you are awake."

Ted opened his eyes and peered up at the bright light in the dark ceiling. He could sense the presence of several figures gathered around him. His eyes were drawn to the foot of his makeshift bed, where a solitary figure stepped into the light.

She was short and petite, pale with jet black hair that hung straight to a slight flare at her hips. She stood calm and completely nude. Ted was immediately and obviously aroused. A still, small voice in his mind noticed that he had reached a size that he had never achieved. It would have been impossible not to touch himself had his hands not been tied. He could feel the pull of the ropes as he tried, just to relieve the pressure.

The black-haired woman smirked at him. "I am Christiana." She visibly thrilled at the recognition in his eyes. Christiana had been a Croatian princess in life, who had lived as a vampire since the ninth century. As her longevity suggested, she was exceedingly hard to kill, and had left a long and accomplished line of Dark Hunters dead in her wake.

Christiana waved another forward. "I believe you already know Ashley."

Ashley's more voluptuous figure stepped out of the shadows. Like Christiana, she was nude. She stared raptly at Ted's engorged member. He had the mental image of a hungry wolf salivating over a bloody carcass.

The two vampiresses came forward as a further half-dozen came out of the shadows. They were all nude and strikingly beautiful. Despite their appearance, Ted's focus never left Ashley and Christiana. Ashley straddled his midsection, positioning her glistening opening over his throbbing erection. Christiana kneeled between Ted's splayed legs and gripped his rod with her hand.

Ashley lowered herself onto him and Ted felt like he had been translated to Heaven. She rocked back and forth on him, riding him slowly. Ted saw Christiana's hands come around to grasp her full breasts, drawing a gasp of pleasure from her parted lips. Christiana leaned forward to kiss her neck as Ashley continued to rock on Ted's erection. The black-haired beauty's hand slid down the blonde's stomach and began to fondle her clitoris. The rocking increased in tempo and Ted responded by thrusting his hips into her body. She panted, gasped, screamed in pleasure as she squeezed him with her Kegel muscles, the orgasm rocketing powerfully through her. Ted erupted inside of her, the wet confines absorbing ever blast. Their eyes locked and Ashley smiled down at him. She lifted off of him and stepped around to lay her head on his shoulder. They kissed deeply, gently, like longtime lovers. Again, Ted felt Christiana's hand around his now-deflated penis. He grinned against Ashley's lips. He knew she wouldn't get much in the way of a response, especially not this quickly. She bent down and took him into her mouth.

Ted was surprised when he stiffened in her mouth. Her tongue caressed him like no other and he gasped into Ashley's mouth. Christiana straightened up and grinned as the kiss broke. Another woman stepped up. She was bigger, Hispanic in appearance, with full, heavy breasts and a thick patch of black hair between her legs. She faced Christiana to kiss the smaller woman while she impaled herself on Ted's tool, giving him a view of her jiggling buttocks while she rode him until Ashley pushed herself up and pressed her plump nipple into his mouth. He pushed his prick as far into the Mexican as possible. He made love to Ashley's breasts with his tongue, lips, and teeth while the Mexican vampires rode him, milking his throbbing erection until he came again. She pulled herself off him and pulled Ashley away, laying her on her back and straddling her face. Ted watched the fruits of his pleasure drip from that black-thatched vagina into the pretty blonde's mouth before Ashley's tongue went to work on the other woman's femininity.

Meanwhile, Christiana's magic hands brought him to another erection, which was fed to another vampiric vagina. This routine continued again and again. And as they finished him, they paired off to make love to each other. Until all that was left was Christiana and her hunger cunt.

Ted's cock was raw, but again her sexual magic made him hard. She climbed atop him and engulfed him, slowly riding him.

Despite his rawness and exhaustion, Ted's pleasure began to mount. Suddenly, his hand were no longer tied and he gripped her waist with his strong grip. She leaned forward and let her breasts hang over his lips. He kissed them, his tongue massaging the tiny buds as his grip moved to her rump. Christiana started to make little grunting noises in her throat, which Ted judged correctly to be precursors of her orgasm. He knew he would come, too.

She pulled back a moment before pressing her lips to his jugular. As he came in her, she bit him. His orgasm was spectacular as she drank the hot blood from him. His pleasure mixed with the dullness of his fading awareness. He remained awake as his heart stopped, but reality had a fuzzy quality.

Christiana lifted off of him and the quick motion of a fingernail cut her just below the aureole of her left breast. She squeezed with her fingertips and a few drops of her blood dripped over his lips. He felt her hot blood soak into his tongue and gums and run down into his throat.

Suddenly, his awareness was back fuller than before. Christiana lowered her bleeding nipple to his mouth and held him there, suckling him like a babe.

The other vampiresses tore their attention away from their orgy and applauded the spectacle.

Ted Smith stepped out of the Phoenix safe house and looked around, checking for any who appeared too interested in their midnight expedition. His supernatural senses didn't spot anything He glanced back and nodded.

Christiana and Ashley followed him down. He opened the limo door for the two vampiresses to slide in. As Ashley passed him, her hand firmly brushed his crotch. He smiled as he nodded to the Servant who would ride shotgun and slid into the car behind them, closing the door.

The car pulled quietly away, bound for the lights of Las Vegas.