 He walked into my room while I was sleeping. A low-income hospital's janitor in some poorer suburban area of Bangkok used his spare key to take care of my surgery ward resting room's door lock. He was a fat, old and eerie Asian guy in his fifties who always wore boxer shorts and wandered around the surgical ward building, only god knew why. The reason why he did not put more appropriate pants on and more confusingly why the administrator board did not fire him was beyond my caliber. I had noticed that he was a pervert too. He always set his old wooden working desk, which you could normally see in Thai governmental owned facilities everywhere under the staircases. His intention was to look up and hoped to see what lay underneath all female medical officer's skirts when those girls like myself wore the short ones to work. 

I heard he was an immigrant from Cambodia or some neighborhood countries of Thailand, which I was not sure at the time. But I was quite sure that I had seen him touching his private part furtively when he saw new good looking female doctors or nurses in the dark corner of his musty under staircases office. He stopped and gave me a hateful gaze back when he noticed me catching him doing that distasteful thing. And his glaring showed an unequivocal lust in his reddish eyes. I heard he used to be a veteran mercenary in some minority ethnic group army in his country that had been prevailed by the country's government forces. So he escaped the capture and entered into Thai border then settled here in Thailand. That was long time ago. But how did he end up here in this godforsaken hospital was beyond me. And I felt like his suspicious past had been intentionally concealed by the old-timers here. 

My name's Lin. I was a certified doctor and an investigator from the DSI (Department of Special Investigation kinda like Thai's FBI operates under Thai's Department of Justice.) doing an undercover assignment here in this suburban low-income hospital. I was assigned by the department to monitor the behaviors of the hospital's employees and executives. Three weeks ago, two newborn infants and a nurse were found dead in the obstetric ward. It was a gruesome murder and easily climbed the steps of becoming the talk of the town just over a night. For the infants, their livers, kidneys and pancreases were disappeared from their bodies, and for the nurse, there were sexual torturing traces all over her body. She had been suffered from an inhuman sexual abuse and brutally killed by decapitation. I heard somebody in the hospital said it was an old-fashion shaman's ritual of soul captivity and slavery. 

The investigation had reached the dead end by the local police because of their limited resources and manpower. So the case had been hoisted up to be the national issue and had been transferred to Department of Justice for more attentions and resources of investigation by the DSI- my department. The department entrusted me who was a real doctor but had decided to change my career path to becoming a homicide psychiatrist under the DSI few years ago, to be an undercover investigator on this case. Of course no one in this hospital knew about my real status. They just only knew that I was a resident doctor in the Surgery Department. A young fresh graduated Asian doctor who looked like a Victoria's Secret model than a medical student. 

###

The janitor closed the door very furtively to prevent anyone from hearing and seeing his dark as hell deed. He might have needed to get into my room just to steal some of my worn underwear or picked them up to smelled them or something of that sort. I knew he was aware that I almost always wore sexist ones when he was looking up my skirt when I was climbing up the staircases. Even though how hard I tried to conceal them from his horny as prisoner eyes, he would devise the way to pierce his pervert sight up through my skirt anyhow. And of course, he would be touching his private part afterward and sneered at me like he just won some kind of sexual harassing game. And definitely I almost always noticed that disgusting and deviant behavior. However, I let him see mine underwear and did not say anything just for the purpose of pretending that I was just an ordinary meek doctor. 

So tonight, he might be assuming that my room could have filled with my worn underwear all over the place. Actually, I got only few of sexually provoking lingerie but I must admit that they were utterly skimpy like those being worn by the dancer girls in some strip club. Actually it was not my style of wearing my underwear. But I did it out of the notion that it might have drawn the attentions of the old janitor and other perverts in the hospital that could have something related to my investigation. Because from my detective's sense, I felt like the janitor could have a vital key to this grisly murder case in some way but I just did not know what it was. And now he was on the hook by my bait. 

However, after I started wearing this kind of skin thriving underwear, I felt addicted to them. It made me so hot sometime when knowing some colleagues or some patients of mine were peeking up my skirt or leering through a down blouse of my wide neck shirt. I just realized that I was a bit of an exhibitionist and I could not help it, even that I was a doctor. Sometime I would think that showing my body was a part of my duty for curing my patients. It was somewhat a process of upraising their morale. They had been suffering long enough of their illnesses. Why not giving them some little happiness. That was not going hurt anybody, was it? I would think. 

For one thing I had a body that I could show with pride. (Thank you mom.) And I thought all of my male patients knew about my secretly showy behavior too. Because when we met at the ward's corridor during the day, they always greeted me by asking me to check on their surgical wound conditions, which required me bending over to them. Then they would take a chance to glance (or to gaze for somebody) into my blouse hoping to see my D-cup tits which cladded in Victoria's Secret see-through lace bra. They always tried to make it like they did not see my pinky-perky breasts but I knew they did, and did it well with their gleefully eyes. And I knew they would keep imagining about my sweet lace underwear and my D-cup pair for all day long after I left the building... 

###

Back to my ward resting room, unfortunately, that night the temperature was so high, as same as in the old janitor mind. The time was in the mid of April, the hottest summer month for Thailand. To make thing worse, this ramshackle governmental owned hospital ward did not have any air-condition installed in. Normally, I would go to bed with only thin t-shirt and tiny cotton panties. But on that super hot night I wore only panties with my upper body completely naked. Moreover, I was very tired from being an assistant surgeon in a marathon gastrectomy operation few hours before I went to bed. When I got into my room I kind of tossed my clothes away and grabbed a quick glass of wine then dried it up in a single gulp then I was completely gone asleep. That definitely made my sleeping so oblivious. 

The Janitor tiptoed stealthily into the living area of my room. He slowly picked my tossed green surgeon pants from the floor up then carefully flipped the inside part of the pants out. He leered on the crotch part excitingly. He harshly sank his nose onto the inside crotch part of my pants where the cloths touched to my pussy and took a big deep breath in then he smiled pleasingly.

"Arhh Doctor Lin...Your smell is so tempting." He murmured. 

The pervert janitor smelled my green surgeon pants for three more times then put his hand inside his boxer shorts and began rubbing his throbbing cock. He thought of my body shape and my face while he was taking the big air mingled with my pussy odor into his dirty nostrils. 

Very horny now, he abruptly flung the pants away and began searching into my worn clothesbasket brusquely aiming for more of my underwear. Succeeded only in a few seconds, he found my worn black thong and picked it up slowly then sneered. He licked his lips then unfolded the crumple thong off. He again flipped the inside crotch part out but this time instead of his nose, he used his tongue to lick onto the part and moved toward the rear string. His pre-cum gushed out from his cock head and damped his boxers after he had tasted my crotch sweat mingled with my love juice and the faint smell of my urine. Disgustingly, he stuffed the thong in his mouth then sucked it very hardly to milk it dry. 

"I never get enough of these tastes and smells." the distasteful janitor babbled. 

After he sucked my panties clean, the janitor put them into his boxer's side pocket, I reckoned that he planned to take it to his room and intended to be jerking off with it right afterward. The janitor turned around to the front door direction after his deviant mission had been completed. But suddenly he heard some noise from the direction of my bedroom. It was my sleep talking habit; actually it was not like a talking but more like a moaning instead. I must have been dreaming about having sex or I must be too tired or something like that. So I moaned out loud and the sound ran into the pervert janitor's hairy ears. He decided to turn back from the front door to my bedroom's direction, which located deeper from the living area. He tiptoed stealthily to my bedroom door and laid his ear onto it and closed his eyes. He must have thought that I might be having sex with my boyfriend or something, so he needed to make sure about it. After he was quite very certain that I was alone in my room, he opened the door very softly. He tried so hard to make a slightest sound from the opening then peeked into my bedroom from the gap between the door and its frame...

### 

So bad it was the same moment that my blanket was kicked out from my body by my unconscious wiggling. So my bare 34D-cup breasts accidentally exposed and suddenly being witnessed by one of the horniest men on earth. He stunned, then shoved his hand back inside his boxer and began to rub his erected cock hardly once again.

"Arhh..." He moaned pleasingly. 

Now I thought I got the answer why the old pervert loved to wear only boxer shorts and walked around the building. Because it was easier for him to reach his cock anytime he saw any arousing things. And I knew it quite well that my body was listed on the paragon spot of his sexual stimulating chart. He stared at my healthy twenty-something perky little nipples and drooled. In his dirty mind, he kept thinking about how theirs taste would be like if he had a chance to eat them. His mission began to shift from merely stealing my underwear into playing with my body and putting his 'dirty thing' inside every hole of mine now. 

###

He slowly took off his stinky boxer and his ripped-here-and-there Iron Maiden t-shirt then entered into my room stealthily toward my bed. His old and wrinkle body was full with scars from the separation attempt war which he used to be in a fight as a minority army sergeant. Finally, he reached my bed, and then in a very wrong moment, my unconscious wiggling did an improper move in front of the horny as hell janitor again. I spread my legs in front of him in a letter M shape, if u could imagine. And clearly showed my crotch in a panoramic view to the dirty mind janitor. He stared at my sunken-in-the-cunts white lace panties, which now soaking damped by my love juice from the vivid scene of my wet dream then he drooled again. 

His saliva and his pre-cum dripped down on my bedroom's floor while he was stroking his fat and stony hard cock in order to getting it ready to use on every fuckhole of mine. He sniffed twice and was able to smell my Chloe perfume that dispersed from my sweaty body. Yes I had not done any showering that night because of my tiredness. My body odor mixed with the perfume's smell made his predator's instinct more stimulated. He reckoned by his predator nature that I might have been very exhausted and was being in oblivion-like sleeping state. 

"Much easier for me." The old pervert thought. 

Then he put one of his rough like sandpaper hands on my thigh and the other one on of my ass cheek. He tried to feel my rich girl skin by patting and squeezing my ass cheek softly like a hunter admiring his prey before consuming it. He moved one of his veteran hands down my inner thigh toward my crotch then stopped it on the pussy part which was covered by very thin see-through white lace panties. He stared through those thin panties like he wanted to tear it apart by his horny sight. My lust juice had make them much more transparent than ever now. He used his big black thumb to rub slowly on my clit through the cotton panties. The jip-jap sound of my damped tiny last piece of clothes made the janitor so horny and leaped him to the edge of his sexual endurance. He stretched his tongue out wanting to taste the love juice from my love hole. The droplets of his saliva dripped down on my bed like a rabies dog. 

"Mmm" He moaned uncontrollably. 

Then sneered and licked his lips in a very horny fashion and began to move his thumb up and down on the clit part of my soaking wet panties with rough feeling. 

"Arrhh" I moaned unconsciously and shivered a bit by the tingling feeling on my crotch. 

Then what should not be happening at that time but seemed inevitably to any girl who had been rubbing on her clit for a long time happened. I spread my legs wider and moved my hip up and down in the opposite direction of his moving thumb to create more friction that would increase the tingling feeling. My lust juice gushed out from my vagina much more by the arousing touch of the old janitor. 

"Hmm yes my little bitch." He murmured gleefully. 

The old janitor used both of his hands to help removing my damped Victoria's Secret panties out by inserting both hands under the nylon hip straps and pulled them down very slowly. He did it very softly to prevent me from awakening. His eyes move away from my perky young nipples to my naked and ready-to-be-eaten pussy now. His brain began to imagine how its taste would be like. He bent lower to me until his big nostril almost touched on my pelvic and took a big sniffing in.

"Smell like a little girl." He thought.

He tried so hard to suppress his demand of eating my pussy hard like a hungry baby sucking its dummy nipple. The oily pussy juice of mine dripped down from my very horny pussy once it concealer was pulled out. The janitor licked his lips disgustingly. 

"You will be my little bitch tonight Doctor Lin." He chanted. 

He slowly dragged my panties down towards the lower part of my body until they completely unattached from my feet. Now I was completely naked in front of a horny like prisoner janitor. He put one of his rough as hell thumbs on my clit and began to massage it gently then used his fingers to split my tightly closed cunts separated.

"Wow very pink. That's what a rich girl should be like. Never tasted this hi-class pussy for how long I don't remember. But before that I need to..." He babbled and closed his eyes slowly. 

Then the spookiest thing I had even experienced was about to be happening. The veteran janitor was chanting something, which sounded like some occult spelling that I never heard before. But I was quite sure that it was Cambodian language. The country was infested with occult shamans from the past until even today. Abruptly and helplessly, my mind turned to the gruesome murder case that I had been investigating in this hospital for quite sometime...