 June 16th, 2014 New Orleans, Louisiana

Wet. Everything was soaking wet. From the stucco facades of the town homes on Saint Anne Street to the T-Shirts of the already drunk tourists wandering the Bourbon Street in the late afternoon, the whole city was dripping. Despite only being mid-June it was already obvious that this summer, like every one before, was going to be a scorcher, the daily Thunderstorm appearing right on time at four pm signaling another long hot season ahead. Brief in its fury, the rain passed almost as soon as it began but at least briefly dropped the temperature. Now having stopped, the cobblestones of French Quarter glistened from the water on its surface and reflected back the neon lights of the bars throughout the city, all preparing for happy hour that was soon to begin. The stifling oppression, like a scalding hot wool blanket sadly rapidly returned as steam rose from the puddles on the street. Now the heat was worse being both hot and wet.

Stepping out of his apartment stairwell onto Saint Anne street, August Le Blanc, (Gus to his friends) began his slow nightly saunter up towards Bourbon Street. Rumpled and messy, Gus always had the look of someone who had just woken up, his whole demeanor and appearance exuding a certain sexy casualness. Wearing one of his trademark loud and garish Hawaiian shirts, fully open as always to expose his well chiseled furry chest, he yawned and stretched as he stepped out onto the street, his afternoon nap having fully refreshed him. Completing his outfit, he donned his ancient and ripped tan cargo shorts and flip flops, looking very much the part of a typical French Quarter bohemian resident.

Breathing in deeply, he smiled as the odors of the city rushed into his nostrils. The perfume of New Orleans is a complex blended stew of delicious Cajun food, stale beer and pungent ubiquitous mold from the perpetually rain soaked city. Oddly both intoxicating, delicious and repulsive all at the same time, the smell is not for all tastes. To Gus however the scent smelled like heaven as he truly loved the city and the unorthodox lifestyle it provided him.

Rapidly approaching his mid-thirties, Gus was incorrigible, fully devoted to the free lifestyle the French Quarter encouraged and the endless stream of easy pussy it allowed him to enjoy. Fully enjoying the erotic delights that his perpetual adolescence provided, his good looks, relative wealth and the infinite supply of drunken female tourists kept him quite satisfied. Where some of his friends, and all of his sisters, now had children, mortgages and a host of other "adult" problems, he avoided such things like the plague. Owning his own video game design company, run out of his apartment, the money it provided and the odd hours he kept left him much time to thoroughly enjoy himself. Tonight he intended on doing just that.

Walking down Saint Anne street he smiled as he saw the neon sign of "Zeke's Bar and Grill" reflecting off of the puddles on the street. Deliciously seedy, the bar looked as if it could collapse at any second but was his prime hangout and shockingly always packed. Tucked onto a side street just off Bourbon Street, Zeke's was not on the normal tourist circuit, but did a brisk business, mostly of locals. Walking inside, Gus's face brightened as the regulars all announced his arrival.

"GUS!!!" the patrons cheered as he walked inside.

"Hey guys!" he replied with a smile as he sat down on his regular stool and Zeke poured him his usual, bourbon straight up.

"Hey man!" Zeke said with a smile as he passed Gus the drink. Looking up at the clock on the wall he added "You are early."

"That I am Zeke, that I am. I had a good day today and what better place to come celebrate than this place, the most celebratory spot on earth."

Zeke's was a good place to celebrate as it was a virtual temple to bad taste, so over the top and horrific in its lack of style or organization it was a masterpiece. The long and ancient oak bar was slanted at an angle having been warped during the flooding of Katrina. The practical effect of this, which the ever optimistic Zeke took as a sign of good fortune, was that drinks could be passed to patrons at the far end of the bar just by placing them on the lacquered surface, the glass slowly sliding down the bar by the force of gravity. Several small tables with mismatched chairs were placed around the room and in the back was a moldy, cracked pool table, its green felt pockmarked by rips and tears on the surface. "Commanders Palace" this was not.

All along the walls, which were a puckered and peeling white stucco, hung every holiday decoration known to man. Behind the bar was a tiny tinseled Christmas Tree, perpetually lit and covered in fake snow. "Happy Easter" announced a sign above the small black and white TV, festooned with bunnies and colorful eggs. Hanging from the low ceiling were various strands of colorful lights and garland; a third being orange jack-o-lanterns, a third green shamrocks announcing Saint Patrick's Day and another third mysteriously wishing some boy Joel Stern a "Happy Bar Mitzvah". Scattered throughout the rest of the tiny bar were menorahs for Hanukkah, Pilgrim salt and pepper shakers for Thanksgiving on each table, and patriotic bunting announcing "Happy Independence Day" over the doors to the restrooms.

Grinning, Zeke looked at his friend and winked. "Well you know me, I do like to create a festive atmosphere." Topping off his drink, Gus smiled and knocked it back fast slamming the glass hard down on the bar, obviously indicating a desire for another.

Zeke, like his bar, was also a monument to bad taste. Completely bald, no inch of his body below his neck was not covered in either tattoos or piercings. Huge and imposing at six foot six and three hundred pounds, he was a French Quarter institution. Like his bar, Zeke chose to decorate his body in the same haphazard manner as he did his business. On his chest was tattooed a beautiful lifelike image of Bettie Page that contrasted sharply with the "Thug Life" gothic script carved into his neck. No irony was intended by the small Teddy Bear placed next to a flaming skull with a snake exiting its eyes inked beside the full image of Our Lady of Guadalupe artistically rendered on his biceps. Gus never had the heart to tell his friend that the Japanese script that was rendered on the back of his bald skull did not say "Enlightened One" like he was told, but actually said "Enormous Dumbass". Obviously he had been a victim of a tattoo artist with a sense of humor.

Sitting at the bar were three of Gus's lifelong friends: Doug Schone, Skeeter Banks and Snook Jones, and from the glassy eyed stares on their faces, obviously their happy hour had started much earlier. All three had grown up with Gus and had remained in the quarter after high school graduation. Other's had gone to college or the military and now years later had homes and children, but not these three. Hopeless stoner fuck ups twenty years ago, now as they approached their mid-thirties they still were fuck ups. They had always looked up to Gus as kids, and now that he was successful and wealthy as an adult they still did.

Smacking a hundred-dollar bill on the bar Gus smiled. "Zeke, a round of drinks for everyone!"

"Yes sir!" Zeke said smiling back as the three friends at the bar cheered while their drinks were poured.

"Gentleman!" Gus announced as he raised his glass. "I propose a toast to the glorious country of Japan; land of sushi, Manga and freaky freaky tastes."

"Amen to that!" Zeke replied, remembering his stint in the Navy and his stationing at Yokosuka during the seventies.

Continuing, Gus said "And the country where my new game "Zombie Strippers Apocalypse 4" just was launched and already is a big hit after just one day. I just got the first sales reports back this morning and the numbers are phenomenal."

Cheers went up from his three friends as they eagerly tossed back their drinks.

"I am surprised there was ever even a Zombie Stripper Apocalypse 3?" a sultry female voice asked from the back of the empty room, her voice dripping with a deep sensual New Orleans accent.

Turning towards the voice Gus smiled. There, walking across the floor towards the bar was Zeke's waitress, Jasmine Dupree. Tall, busty and with incredible long silky legs she radiated erotic appeal and always created quite a stir when she sashayed into a room. Many a late night she stopped by Gus's apartment for a booty call after her shift. Those were always his favorite evenings. Watching her walk towards him, Gus hoped that tonight would be just such a night and he felt his mouth salivate at the prospect. Never one to have a steady girlfriend, he had to admit that if he were to ever take the plunge it would be with Jasmine. The feel of his tongue dancing over her gorgeous ebony body or the sight of her full chocolate breasts bouncing in his face as she rode him all night were two of his favorite things in the world.

"Never doubt the power of Zombie Tits my dear!" he replied as he blew her an air kiss. Now that Jasmine was standing beside his stool she felt her body grow flushed as he reached out touched her arm. She was certainly no fool and knew what he was like but had to admit that no man ever satisfied her more than he did. A gentle and giving lover, another huge part of his appeal to her was the fact he had absolutely no expectations or demands. Having been involved with overly possessive, jealous or demanding men in the past, Gus was different. Always pleasantly surprised by her sudden late night visits, he was the ultimate in low maintenance "boyfriend". If she could keep her jealousy in check, as he definitely had a wandering eye and a restless penis, he was nearly perfect. That and the fact that no man, black or white, ever worshipped her body with his level of enthusiasm kept her coming back to his apartment time after time.

"You boys are so predictable." She said with a wry grin and she leaned against him and flirtily cupped her breasts in her hands. "Wave a pair of these around a you guys are all leaping about like a bunch of starving little puppies willing to do anything for a treat."

Winking to Zeke and his buddies, Gus turned back to Jasmine and wrapped his arm around her waist while kissing her neck. "Absolutely, works on me every time!" Nuzzling his face against her left boob he smiled. "In fact, I used these particular fine specimens as the inspiration for Zombie Stripper number two."

Watching on with a look of amusement on his face was Zeke. Much older than both Gus or Jasmine, he genuinely liked them both. To Jasmine he was very protective, being almost a surrogate father to her as much as a boss. As they all chatted a commercial started playing on the small television set.

"Corruption. Scandal. Theft. Our current Governor Smith has them all and has made this state a laughing stock to the nation. If you are tired of living in the most scandal plagued state in America, then vote for Pete Landrieu, Candidate for Governor." Stepping forward into the picture came a tall man in a dark suit carrying a mop. "It is time we clean up this state! I am Pete Landrieu and I approve this message."

Pointing at the screen Zeke asked "Hey Gus, when your brother-in-law becomes Governor, how are you going to stay out of the news."

"What?" cried Skeeter, now shaken out of his drunken stupor by this sudden news. "Your brother is going to be governor? I didn't realize you had a brother, only sisters."

"Brother-in-law MORON!" Doug piped up. "Don't you fucking listen?"

"So, which sister married that guy?" Skeeter asked as he pointed at the flickering image. "I bet it was Sandy. God was she a fucking Hottie, remember guys?"

"No, my guess is it is definitely Carmella, I bet it was her." Snook interrupted. "Remember that time she lost her top at Lake Pontchartrain. GOD the image of those mammoth tits haunt me to this day."

Groans of approval instantly erupted from all three friends mouths as memories of Gus's sisters flooded into their minds. Having all known him since Grade school, they each had spent a lot of time over at his house as kids. Since Gus was the youngest of nine and the only boy in a house full of hot girls, once puberty hit; Doug, Skeeter and Snook were constant guests at his home.

"Jesus guys, those are my SISTERS you are perving on!" Gus exclaimed, half irritated and half amused.

Jasmine, listening to this conversation nodded her head and asked. "God Gus, how many sisters do you have?"

"Eight. I was the youngest of nine kids. Obviously my parents were good Catholics!"

"So you were the baby boy in a house full of women." Jasmine said with a wry smirk on her mouth. "This explains a LOT!"

Winking back, Gus nodded before turning back to his friends at the bar. "And by the way guys, it is Margaret who is married to the future governor, if he wins of course."

Laughing, Doug poked Gus in the shoulder and said "Assuming they keep your crazy shenanigans hidden until after the election of course."

Smiling, Gus nodded. He was definitely the black sheep of the family and knew it caused his sister no shortage of angst worrying about the potential for him to embarrass her and ruin Pete's chances of winning the election. Despite thinking she worried too much he knew his behavior was a concern so in general he was trying to lay low and be good until after the election.

"Hey, I am not THAT bad!" Gus protested to his friends increasing razzing. "I mean; I have my own company and.."

"Are you kidding?" Skeeter interrupted. "A company that makes money off of pornographic and ultra-violent video games and hires cheap programmers in Kazakhstan for low wages? Yeah, I am sure that won't cause ANY problems." He grinned while raising his eyebrows. "I have no doubt that such great game titles as "Zombie Hooker Apocalypse" and "Pimp that HO" will make for great campaign commercials."

"Not to mention the fact that he is usually drunk or high every night." Doug added. "I wonder how BONGZILLA would look on TV? It might be hard to explain how an adult man smokes weed out of a plastic toy monster every night."

"Yeah, you got "Billy Carter" written all over you boy! No doubt you will be a constant worry to your brother-in-law when he is elected. You are a scandal factory just ready to blow up, what with your whoring around, weed and porn game company!" Zeke said, piling on with the others.

Listening on in good natured fun, Gus now was growing slightly irritated. He knew his faults better than anyone, but he certainly did not need his FRIENDS now ragging on him too. Holding his hand up, he called the group to attention.

"Now, you guys have been pretty harsh in your assessment of my character flaws, but like I said to my sister, Pierre has nothing to worry about from me. Sure...I fully admit I am an oversexed stoner slacker, but, this is Louisiana is it not? Hell, this state was built on excess! Pete and Margaret worry way too much about my behavior and how it might affect his election chances. He is definitely a shoo-in to win, with or without factoring me in the equation. I will quote the great former governor of this state, Edwin Edwards, who said in this state the only way you can lose an election due to scandal is to get caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy."

Laughing, his friends went back to their drinks and Zeke returned to his barkeep duties. Tapping Gus on his shoulder, Jasmine smiled.

"Yeah babe, our deal might also be a bit hard to explain in the papers too. Most guys your age have a house, a wife and children and not a sexy black fuck buddy on the side. Somehow I doubt I will be invited to the inaugural ball."

Wincing at her words, he kissed her. Having their relationship defined so starkly sounded harsh, and although they were not traditional boyfriend/girlfriend, he could tell from her sarcasm that she was slightly sad by their more untraditional relationship. Wrapping his arms around her waist he sighed as he ran her fingers over the small of her back. Smelling her perfume and again being hypnotized by her gorgeous body, he wanted her badly. Despite having bedded scores of women, none ever got his motor going like her.

"You are much more than that to me!" he cried. Seeing her eyes brighten, he grew hopeful. "Sooooooooo, do want to come by tonight after your shift? I can think of nothing better than a lovely late night drop in from you to top off my good day."

"I don't know babe. I am already pretty tired, and having been on my feet all day, I really just want to go home, take a long soak in my bath and read myself to sleep. Visits to you..." she continued as she lightly kissing his nose and stroked his goatee "are always fun, but not particularly relaxing."

Pushing her down onto a vacant bar stool he pulled her left foot up into his lap and slipped her flip flop off onto the floor. Lightly running his forefinger down the center of her sole, he grinned as he saw her eyes close in bliss and a small gasp erupt from her mouth. He knew her body so well, and he knew that she was a sucker for a good foot massage which he was more than happy to provide. Raising his eyebrow, he spoke.

"Tell you what Jasmine. If you come by for a visit tonight, I will take care of these babies and have you squealing in delight." Leaning in to whisper in her ear he continued "And if you are good, I might even work my charms on some other delicious areas of your body." Smirking, Jasmine looked unconvinced until he added "And in the morning, I will get up early and prepare some of my world famous crepes for breakfast. So, what do you say, are you up for a little spoiling tonight? God knows I want that more than anything!"

"Crepes Suzette?" she asked with a wink.

Laughing he nodded. "I should probably be offended that it is my cooking that you want rather than my body, but yes, Crepes Suzette."

Leaning back to whisper into his ear she said "Are you going to be alone?" She knew Gus well and knew that the likelihood of him bringing some naïve and impressionable young woman back to his apartment was always a high probability.

Feigning shock, he pressed his hand to his chest and mocked outrage. "Of course! You know me!"

Kissing his nose again she smiled. "Yes, I do know you and that is why I had to ask. Well, I just might take you up on your offer Babe. Let me see how I feel at the end of my shift." Rising from the bar stool, she turned and walked over to a table of patrons that had just walked in. His mouth already salivating as visions of her naked body flashed in his mind, Gus drooled as he watched her achingly beautiful ass sashay away, delightfully presented in the tiny purple satin shorts that Zeke had provided for a uniform. Now knowing that he might be having a visit from Jasmine later, he turned back to join his friends in conversation, his desire to woo a new conquest on hold.

As the evening progressed Zeke's filled up with regulars and Jasmine was quite busy. Still sitting at the bar with his friends, Gus was feeling the effects of his drinks as he and Snook had yet another endless "Daphne vs. Velma" debates as to which Scooby Doo female character would be the hottest in bed. Doug, listening on in amusement suddenly spoke to the crowd of friends.

"Say Gus, I just had a great idea. I say to complete the celebration of your success, we go back to your place, pull Bongzilla out of the closet and call Captain Tony for some takeout."

Snook and Skeeter instantly perked up. Their interest was not caused by a sudden desire for Moo Shoo Pork. "Take Out" from "Captain Tony" was not an order of home delivered seafood. Captain Tony was a six foot six, dread locked Jamaican dealer, who with one email would home deliver the best Mexican Weed money could buy straight to your door.
