 Giggling and wet, Jasmine slowly awoke as her face was continuously licked. It was morning now, early morning and sunlight had just begun to stream into Gus's bedroom. Opening her eyes she laughed as she saw that the mystery kisses were not coming from her boy-toy, but from Angeline. Panting and pawing at her face, the small friendly dog loved when Jasmine came to visit and always woke her with a shower of wet dog kisses.

Opening her eyes fully she sat up and stretched as she petted Angeline. "Well girl, you are just as good a licker as your master I see." Rolling over onto her back, the dog pawed the air, trying to entice the bedroom guest to rub her stomach. "You are such a slut." Jasmine said with a giggle as she stroked the soft white underbelly of the Pomeranian.

Gus had already gotten up earlier and as Jasmine reviewed the events of the evening alone in his large empty bed she sighed. Her whole body still tingled, having been slavishly worshipped by her lover all night. Completely and totally satisfied, she had lost count of the orgasms he had licked from her body the night before and between his attention to her pussy and his excellent foot and leg massage, she felt completely and totally restored. Blushing she realized that she had fallen asleep before she could return any loving on Gus.

"Well Angeline, I think I have some work to do" she said as she rough housed with the excitable dog. "I owe your master a proper Good Morning blowjob" she said with a smile as she licked her lips anticipating the pleasure she was going to bestow. Swinging her feet over the side of the bed she began to stand. As she put on Gus's abandoned Hawaiian Shirt from the night before she sniffed the air. Her smile grew even wider as the unmistakable odor of sizzling sausage wafted up the steps from the kitchen below. Angeline, smelling it first and not wanting to miss out on such a delectable feast, instantly jumped off of the bed and ran to the closed door. Her paws clicked wildly on the bare wood floor as she scratched and whined desperately at the door.

"Good idea girl. Let's have breakfast first before we continue any festivities." Rubbing Angeline's head quickly as she whimpered and panted she added "I think I will need some protein for what I am going to do to your master." Opening the door Angeline bolted down the stairs in a furry red blur.

Walking into his large living room Jasmine plopped down on the couch. Looking around the room she smiled as she saw the interior in the pale light of dawn. It was truly a bachelor pad. Wires hung everywhere as Gus ran his entire software business out of his roomy apartment. Despite being an extraordinarily large and beautiful apartment for the French Quarter, the place cried out for a female touch.

All of the furniture looked as if it was picked up at Goodwill with none of it matching. Adding to the slacker doofus mystique, Gus's choice of "decoration" pushed the boundaries of bad taste. Hanging over the enormous flat screen TV was a giant poster of a half-naked woman in a sleeveless T-shirt who obviously had been enhanced by silicone right beside another poster of Scooby Doo. His coffee table was littered with empty pizza boxes and turned over cartons of Chinese take-out. In the center, holding court in the field of garbage stood BONGZILLA. A foot tall, the plastic Godzilla toy had been modified to have the bowl implanted in its mouth with a hose extending from his tail. The front of Bongzilla's face was blackened by obvious frequent use and the night before he had been quite active.

Gus, despite having more money than almost anyone she knew, did not put on any airs and was obviously not a materialist. His apartment, although spacious and luxurious, looked more like a dorm room of a horny teenaged boy than the home of a thirty something successful computer software entrepreneur. Hearing Gus singing in the kitchen over the splattering and sizzling of the sausages cooking on the stove, she grinned. Angeline was already with him inside, no doubt begging for treats unashamedly. Opening her mouth to call out to him, her whole body froze as the front door suddenly flew open.

Standing in the doorway was Margaret Landrieu, Gus's older sister, and from the scowl on her face it was obvious she was not happy to find a visitor in her brother's home. Especially if that visitor was a half-naked black Hottie named Jasmine.

Crossing her arms across her chest, she was the polar opposite of her brother Gus. Stylish and perfectly coiffed, everything about her screamed luxury and a certain self-conscious social climbing graspiness. Her clothes were exquisitely tailored, a very tasteful tweed skirt topped off by a white and obviously expensive silk blouse. Large thick pearls were festooned around her neck and eye poppingly expensive Jimmy Choos shod her feet. Topping off the effect that she wanted to convey, her spiky stylish haircut screamed wealth and power and instantly announced that she was a force to be reckoned with. She would no doubt be a formidable First Lady of Louisiana, once her husband won the election.

"Pardon me." She smirked as she walked boldly into the room. "I should have anticipated my brother might be "entertaining"." Looking Jasmine up and down she smiled. "My poor silly baby brother is such a generous spirit. Lord knows how many guests he has entertained just like you, especially at such an early hour." She said as her tone dripped in icy snarkiness.

Feeling suddenly very self-conscious as she sat nearly naked on his couch, her glorious nudity only barely covered by the oversized Hawaiian shirt, Jasmine opened her mouth to call out for Gus when he suddenly walked into the room.

Stark naked and with a large throbbing erection, Gus proudly walked into the living room both of his hands full with plates of crepes and sausages.

"Ready to gobble on some delicious sausage, Babe!!" he joked as he playfully swung his cock back and forth as he entered.

"Nice Gus, REAL CLASS ACT!!!" Margaret yelled as her nude brother burst into the living room.

"JESUS!!!" Gus yelled as he instantly dropped one of the plates to the ground while he covered his cock with the other. Seeing this car wreck unfold, Jasmine could not help but laugh as Angeline scampered into the room to reap the harvest of this breakfast disaster. His face red both from anger and embarrassment Gus yelled "What in the fuck are YOU doing here!!!"

"It is quite obvious you forgot our date." Margaret said. "Remember, I said I was going to pick you up Saturday morning early to go see that house you are going to buy."

His face blank the realization hit him. "I thought it was Friday!"

"Friday was yesterday Babe." Jasmine called out in a giggle from the couch. "Today is Saturday. Now, what is this about you buying a house? I thought you liked the quarter."

Interrupting in a huffy irritated tone Margaret snapped. "Oh, he likes it too much I think. Luckily my baby brother has a big sister to look out for his interests. The absolute deal of a lifetime has fallen into my lap and Gus here absolutely will need to buy this house. This is a steal of a lifetime and it is only because the agent wants to get on Pete's good side that I have first dibs." Looking over at her brother, still standing naked in the hall with a plate over his crotch she smiled. "Gus, I am double parked, so get cleaned up and meet me downstairs in fifteen minutes. I will call the agent and tell her we are running late."

As she spoke, Angeline finished eating her sausage and sat at Gus's feet growling at the unexpected houseguest. Turning abruptly, Margaret snarled at the dog and opened the door. "Fifteen minutes Gus. Do NOT be late!" Slamming the door behind her, Angeline barked uncontrollably as Jasmine looked over at Gus in astonishment.

"I don't think your dog likes your sister. I can't blame her, as I don't either. Why do you let her talk to you that way?"

Blushing, Gus put down the plate he held over his goods and looked down at his dick, now dripping with cheese and eggs. "Well, Margaret has had a hard life. She sounds harsh but she means well. After our parents died she really worked hard to support my other sisters and I think that that experience made her a bit too driven and overly focused. Despite her brusque attitude she really is a good person. I owe her quite a lot, I really do."

Winking as she saw him standing now fully naked before her, Jasmine rose from the couch and walked over into the hallway moved both by lust but also by the tender words he had for his sister. Grabbing a handful of his ass as she crouched down before him, she playfully snaked out her tongue and licked a glob of cheese off of his cockhead. Sighing as he felt her velvety lips tease his glans, he whimpered when she suddenly stood back up.

"Such a shame. I had a whole morning of fun planned for little Gussie here." Gripping his balls in her hand she added "I guess that will have to wait."

Grabbing her waist, he pulled her up to him and began kissing her neck. "Oh babe, PLEASE!!!! You got me really worked up last night." Smelling her musky scent and feeling her curvy body against his naked flesh he instantly grew hard again. "I want you bad!"

Winking Jasmine pushed him away, snickering as she felt his re-hardened cock brush against her hand. "No time babe, no time. You mustn't keep big Sis waiting." Kissing him deeply, she grinned. "You better hit the showers. You got ME all over your face."

Twisting his mouth into a wry smile Gus asked "Care to join me?"

"I don't think so as that would not lead to getting clean, only more dirty. Plus, Big Sis said you only had fifteen minutes, but...If you are good, and keep all that delicious spunk locked away today, I may come by for a special visit tonight after my shift and give you a blowjob that will curl your hair."

Gus's eyes brightened at this news. "Sure you don't want to come with me to check out this house? I doubt anything will come of it, but I promised Margaret I would keep an open mind. She really wants to settle me down and I guess she figures a house will do it."

"That and getting you a proper wife. I have no doubt that is next on her agenda." Jasmine said sarcastically. "No, I think I will let this be a family affair only. I could tell Margaret hates me and I really don't think I would add anything to your fun filled day. Plus, Zeke wants me to come in and work the day shift today for lunch so I need to go in early."

Frowning slightly in disappointment Gus nodded and padded back to his bathroom to take a shower. Looking back, he said "Sorry I could not fix you a proper breakfast. After I leave could you take Angeline out to pee before you head out?"

"Sure thing Babe." She said as she watched his perfectly rippled ass walk away from her down the hall. Hearing the water turn on for the shower she sat back down on the couch and began petting Angeline. "Looks like it is just us this morning. I don't know about you, but I am hungry?"

With her tail wagging uncontrollably, Angeline jumped down and ran frantically towards the kitchen, the hunt for more sausage now in high gear.