 Laying in a sweaty heap on the bed, Jasmine slowly awoke as the delicious smell of sausages again wafted up from the kitchen. Smiling, she sighed as her whole body tingled, the effects of a long day (and night) of raucous sex with Gus pulsed in her body. She had worked him over good the day before, spending hours bringing him to the edge of orgasm before backing off at the last minute. All the while she played his cock like a flute while she put him to work, writhing her pussy over his never tiring mouth until she had lost count of how many orgasms he had lovingly extracted out of her body. She had rewarded him though, first by riding him for hours (the cockring in the fun drawer coming in quite handy) before finally releasing him in a shower that would shame "Old Faithful" in its spectacular velocity. She ached but it was a good ache as she slowly woke up, her sleep always so much deeper after exhausting her body on her lover.

Feeling a tug on the silk sheets they slowly started pulling off of her naked body as she laughed. "Honestly Gus, I would think after the huge load you shot last night you would be satisfied already. I can't possibly." Her words were interrupted as the sheet was suddenly and violently ripped off of her body and deposited on the floor.

"HOLY FUCK!!!!" she screamed as she sat up naked on the bed. Looking around the room, she saw she was alone and trembled. Her mind raced as she tried to guess who or what had ripped the sheet off. "Gus! GUS!!!!" she yelled.

"Yeah Babe!" came his reply from downstairs. "You up finally? Good timing. Breakfast is almost ready."

Her mind racing to make sense of what just happened, seeing the open bedroom door she exhaled. "Angeline!!! It must have been Angeline!" she said to herself as she suddenly relaxed. "God that dog scared the shit out of me." Rising from the bed she picked up Gus's shirt and put it on as she padded out the door and down the stairs. Reaching the kitchen, she giggled as there he stood, naked as usual, a frying pan in one hand and a spatula in the other, cooking away.

"Hey Babe!" he smiled as he looked over his shoulder. "I made sausage, and after last night, we both know how much you LOVE sausage!" Sitting at his feet was Angeline, perched back on her haunches and teetering in the air she was intensely staring up at Gus waiting for him to toss her another treat.

Looking over at Angeline, Jasmine grinned. "You gave me quite a fright girl!" Gus turned around when she entered the room as her plate was ready, heaped full of breakfast. Looking as delicious himself, Jasmine shook her head as she saw that once again he was sporting a full erection.

"Jesus Gus, are you still horny? I feel I failed in my mission then."

Passing her the plate he kissed her and said "Hey, I can't help it. Having a hot woman like you up in my bed just gets little Gus here quite active." Sitting down at the table, he poured them both coffee and they began to eat. "Perhaps after we eat, I can, uh, eat again." He winked.

Giggling, Jasmine sighed as she took a big sip of coffee and felt her face flush. Frankly, despite the soreness between her legs the idea was definitely appealing. Watching her naked handsome lover boy walk forward she grew wet as he spoke.

"What did you mean by saying Angeline gave you a fright."

"The little devil pulled off my covers this morning right when I was waking up. At first I thought it was you coming back for round 20 of our erotic marathon, but when the covers got yanked off so fast, and I saw you were not around, it scared me."

Petting his dog, Gus smiled as he passed her a bit of sausage. "Here is a treat for exposing Jasmine's beautiful ass. Obviously you have good taste just like your daddy and just can't get enough." Wagging and whining uncontrollably, Angeline put her paws up on his naked thigh and threw her head back, begging for more table scraps. Scratching her neck Gus said "Funny, she must have been quite fast up there. She has been with me most of the morning, the smell of sausage always rooting her right at my side when I cook." Looking back up at Jasmine he added "She must have wanted to wake you up to come join us for my expertly cooked breakfast."

"Well next time you should be gentler!" Jasmine joked as she tossed a piece of her egg onto the floor for Angeline to rapidly devour. Looking around the kitchen, she smiled as the warm summer sun lit up the high ceiling and bright yellow walls perfectly. The place really was a showplace and looking at the old gas stove, tall glass doored cabinets (full of exquisite china) and the enormous built in marble counter she sighed. "You really have a fantastic house here Gus. I am very happy for you. All these antique furnishings and appliances really give this place a level of charm you just don't see in a new house." Spying the antique crank style phone mounted the wall she added "I mean, just look at that phone there. They do not make things like that anymore."

Looking back at the phone Gus smiled. "Yeah I know. I really had no intention on buying this place when my sister dragged me over here and I found out it was such a deal and then they threw in all the furnishings and fixtures for free I could not pass it up. I still have to pinch myself that it really is mine."

Studying the antique phone Jasmine asked "Do you know if that still works?"

"Wouldn't know. I don't even have a landline, only cellular service. I cut the cord years ago."

Smiling she stroked up his leg higher with her toes. "You are such a high tech geek. A sexy geek but still a geek. It is kind of ironic you are living in essentially a low tech museum."

"That's what I thought too, but I really think I am going to like it here." Winking at her as he felt his erection return from her continuous teasing of her toes he said "Especially after the house warming you just gave me."

Giggling Jasmine ran her foot up higher now, rapidly approaching his inner thigh as he sat open legged opposite her at the kitchen table. She knew she was driving him crazy and loved every second. Pausing her ascent to his crotch she said sarcastically "You know Gus, you should have a REAL house warming party, you know, one with people and snacks and everything. This place is so amazing; you could easily fit three hundred people in here."

"Well, it would be hard to top your house warming, but that is an excellent idea Babe." Thinking about the prospects of having a place where all of his friends could actually fit inside, he grinned. "I would love to have Zeke and the whole gang come too but he never closes that bar."

"Ah, then this idea is even more perfect. Actually, this coming Saturday he has to close for the night as the city is finally repairing the water main and they have to shut the water off. I know all of the regulars will be looking for a place to go and what better place than here. What do you say? Want to have the blowout of all blowouts and give your uptight neighbor something to turn her blue hair even bluer?"

Leaning across the table Gus kissed her and nodded. "Absolutely! On one condition though. You have to help me with the party. I have never had more than a few guys over to smoke weed and eat pizza for my entertaining experience, and I know I don't know what the fuck I am doing if I am going to have a real party. I think a feminine touch might come in handy."

Jasmine smiled. She was flattered that he asked for her help and actually kind of excited. She loved entertaining, and having a giant house like this as a canvas, she was looking forward to putting on a real soiree. Looking up into his eyes she smirked and put on a fake pout on her face. "Convince me."

Suddenly rushing around the table Gus scooped her up into his arms. Despite being a computer nerd, he worked out constantly and his large biceps easily could lift her up like a inconsequential paper doll. Carrying her into the front parlor, she giggled uncontrollably as he tickled her sides and he nibbled on her earlobe. Despite their long romp the night before he was obviously still horny and the sight of his glorious naked body, and strong erection pressing against her ass that dangled in his arms, she was wet as a hurricane. Tossing her down onto the couch, with one hand Gus quickly stripped off shirt she was wearing and dropped to his knees on the floor.

"I think I have JUST the pitch to make." He said as he grinned up at her from between her legs and began kissing her inner thigh.

Moaning softly Jasmine sank back into the velvet couch as her arousal began to peak. Gripping the back of his neck with her nails she began panting as her orgasm slowly came to a boil. Right as her toes curled and she emitted a huge groan Angeline began barking out in the main hall.

"Hello... Knock, Knock...Gus are you here?" Margaret called out as she pensively walked into the parlor. Seeing her brother, naked and kneeling in between the legs of an equally naked girl on the couch, all of the oxygen in her body expelled at once.

"Oh! Uh, sorry, I thought, OH!" she stammered as she turned away towards the hall.

Gus, his face red with anger and his goatee coated and dripping with Jasmine's honey shot up and spun towards the door. "DON'T YOU EVER FUCKING KNOCK!!!!!"

Now out in the hall, Margaret's face turned bright red. "I-I-I am so sorry Gus. I tried to call but you wouldn't answer and when I drove by I saw the door was open I just thought it would be OK to come in."

Scrambling for Gus's shirt, Jasmine quickly covered up as Gus grabbed a pillow off of the couch to cover his hard and dripping cock as he sat down angrily on the couch, his sister yet again acting as a foil to his romantic escapades. Despite her humiliation at being caught in mid shudder of an orgasm, Jasmine could not help laughing at the ridiculous situation and her amusement seemed to defuse some of the tension. Now covered she faced the open doorway.

"Come on in Margaret!" she called out as Gus looked over at her with a shocked look on his face. "There is nothing going on you haven't seen already."

Smiling and suppressing an outburst of laughter herself, Margaret sheepishly entered. "I really am sorry Gus, but you really should answer your phone!"

"Look Sis, I have been here all morning."

"Obviously!" she smirked.

"Morning!" He continued irritatedly "And trust me, my cell phone has not rung once. See, let me show you." Reaching down to the coffee table he picked it up and his face grew angrier. "Fuck! What the hell is going on with this. My battery is dead AGAIN, and I charged it all night."

"Anyway brother, I know you live in a better neighborhood now, but you also shouldn't leave your door wide open. That kind of invites people in."

His face now confused and angry, he did not respond as he knew he had locked the front door and assumed that his sister was just being her normal overbearing self. "What do you want?" he asked coldly.

"Well, I did want to see if you got all settled in..." Looking over at him covering his nakedness on the couch, and the obviously well fucked and totally satisfied look on the semi-nude Jasmine's face she smirked. "And it is obvious that you have. I also was had a lunch date with, uh, well that friend I was telling you I wanted you to meet and thought I would stop by and see if you could join us."

"Friend?" Jasmine smirked back, knowing all about his sister's plans to set Gus up with one of her employees. "A special friend?" she added, knowing that this would make Margaret very uncomfortable.

"Oh, uh no, just a friend, you know, it's a work thing."

"Oh, I thought you were trying to get Gus here a girlfriend. God knows he needs one." Jasmine added, knowing that this would confuse Margaret.

"But, I well I" Margaret stammered as Jasmine stood up and stretched, her long luscious legs now standing on tip toes as she held her arms over her head.

Bending down to kiss Gus, Jasmine started walking towards the hall. Looking Margaret dead in the eyes she said "You thought I was his girlfriend... HA! Hardly! I am just the hot chick your brother fucks on a semi-regular basis." Smiling as Margaret blushed she added. "But of course, YOU know that already. If your brother were to be my boyfriend I would have to put him on a much shorter leash." Winking back over her shoulder at the very amused Gus on the couch she added "Sorry to eat and run, but I need to hit the showers. Zeke wants me to work the afternoon shift and it is already getting late." Turning to Margaret she winked. "Have fun at your lunch."

Watching Jasmine walk up the stairs Margaret grinned as she could certainly see why her brother was attracted as she was obviously stunning. Her mind never settled however, she already switched over her plans to set him up with her assistant. Walking back into the room, she sat down on a high back chair and looked at Gus on the couch.

"Hey look, I really do apologize for interrupting things here. It was an honest mistake."

Still fuming but now calming down slightly Gus grunted. "Are you purposely trying to ruin my sex life Sis! Amazingly you have managed to walk in at the wrong time on me twice in the same week."

"What would have old Father Vic say about your behavior?" Margaret chuckled as she shook her head. Noticing him sitting rock still on the couch clutching the pillow over his dick she stood in the doorway and smiled. Hearing the water running from the bathroom upstairs from Jasmine's shower, she started wandering towards the kitchen. Turning back, she said "I will wait outside in your back yard while you go get cleaned up. Think you might wear pants for a change?"

Watching his sister go through the big French doors to the back porch Gus sighed. Margaret had many fine qualities but being overly shy or exceedingly deferential was not one of them. To her, he was still her little brother who she could boss around at will and whose life it was her responsibility to straighten out. To him too she would always be his big sister and he instantly flipped into the little brother role whenever she was around. Although he knew he should not act differently, being a successful adult man, it came so naturally as to be automatic behavior.

Irritated, he knew his sister was bossy and he should grow a spine and tell her to get lost but he did not. Despite her overbearing ways, he loved her and knew she was only trying to look out for his best interest. Since Jasmine was leaving anyway, the afternoon was spoiled so he might as well humor her and go to lunch. Once he at least met with this girl he would be able to get out of Margaret's crosshairs and she could focus her attention and love on one of his other unfortunate sisters. Once she had an idea in her head she would never let it go until it either the idea succeeded or she moved on to another subject. Knowing that he would never escape until she played this out he sighed again and walked upstairs.

Greeting him as he walked naked into his bedroom, Jasmine was just putting her top on when he entered, her hair still wet from the shower. "So... Is Big Sis still here or did I scare her off?"

Looking down at the floor Gus said "She is still here. She, uh..."

"Desperately wants to set you up with someone more 'appropriate', right?" Jasmine curtly replied, her face twisted into a frown.

"No, that is not it at all, she just wants to have me meet a friend of..."

"Look Gus, you certainly do not have to explain your activity schedule to me. I am NOT your girlfriend and you are definitely not my boyfriend so I have no claim on your time." Her face brightening into a smile as she saw his face wince when she spoke. Lightening her tone, she added. "I know what your sister is up to, and honestly, I don't mind. She obviously loves you and still sees it her duty to keep you straight." Grinning her eyes dropped and fixed on his crotch. Reaching down and caressing his half erect cock she purred. "It looks like once again good old Sis interrupted us and I owe you a nice blowjob. So...if I stop by tonight after my shift, will you be alone? I may want to pay off my debt."

"Of course I will be alone, especially if I know you are coming by."

"Yeah, sure you will! Unless of course that "friend" of your sister's is a Hottie." Giggling, she spun around she shook her ass in the air. "Or course, no uptight white girl could possibly have a more delicious booty than this! So I am sure you will be alone if you don't want to miss out." Turning back around she kissed him deeply and gripped his ass as he reached for her, his arousal now quite evident and throbbing.

"No No boy. Sis is waiting... AGAIN! Save that for later. Now, go get cleaned up" she winked as she playful spanked his left ass cheek. "It appears I got you dirty again."

Winking back, he turned to go into the bathroom. "Hey, do you need me to take you back home?" he called back as he turned on the faucet.

"Don't worry about me. I will just take the trolley back to the quarter." Watching her wave goodbye and walk out into the hall Gus could already feel his mouth start to salivate as he imagined the horizontal fun they would have later that night as they finished what he had started.

Out in the back garden, as she waited on her brother, Margaret could not get over how overgrown, yet still beautiful, the grounds were. Obviously Mrs. Laveau had not been in the backyard of her house for years and nature had completely reclaimed the once beautiful grounds. The curving stone footpaths were now covered in thick moss and the small bronze fountain in the center of the garden was completely inoperable. Choked with weeds that had taken root in its basin the thick leaves prevented any water flow from circulating. Several large magnolia trees were in full bloom and their heavy sweet perfume hung heavy in the air, just like the thick ropes of Spanish moss that covered seemingly everything in sight.

Her mind never still, Margaret could already imagine how beautiful the garden could be if restored to its former glory. Between the ivy, kudzu and the endless Spanish moss also grew jasmine, rose and hundreds of other flowering bushes. Pockets of bright color in a sea of endless green. Looking back at the house she looked at her watch and wondered if Gus was ready. Seeing the manor from the back it was still beautiful but now she noticed something quite strange. Neither she nor her brother had gone out back before the purchase, everything happening so quickly, but for the first time she noticed something quite odd.

The house was completely symmetrical (as all homes built at that time were) with the exception of the second floor which was slightly off. The first and third floors had eight perfectly aligned windows spaced evenly apart with three doors (also equally spaced) exiting out onto identical wrap around porches. The second floor was different however only having seven windows. The far right of the building was blank where a window should be. The front of the house, as well as the sides, were all perfectly symmetrical but here in the back this one area to the right was out of synch with the rest of the architecture. Peering with some difficulty through the thick foliage it even appeared that the marble was slightly different looking, lighter in color where the window should be. The discolored marble definitely gave the impression that the change was made after the home was built and that a window had been covered up after the fact.

Anal retentive in the extreme, this minor architectural flaw in an otherwise spectacular house seemed to bug Margaret excessively and she already envisioned pestering poor Gus on getting it fixed. As she stepped forward to go back inside the house she paused and turned to walk through the thick undergrowth. That flaw in the window already was gnawing on her and pushing her way through the overgrown garden she wanted to look up at the second floor better. Her path hard to make through the thick vines and branches she stopped cold when she heard the clinking of glass. Spinning around, she saw she had run into a leafless dead crepe myrtle tree growing under the right corner of the house.
