 Written for and Co-authored by ScarlettKisses - A friend and hardworking editor 

*****

Natalie entered the bar with her friend Tasha, short for Natasha. Tasha was Natalie's best friend for the last four plus years, since they met during their senior year in high school. Both women were 21 now, and Tasha had Natalie out bar hopping again.

Bar hopping was one of Natalie's least favorite activities. Bars and taverns were where one found a legion of trolls, lounge lizards, geeks, nerds, and other less than desirable men on the prowl. If Natalie had to listen to one more pick-up line, she was sure she would throw up on the spot.

Natalie sat in the booth of the bar waiting for her cheeseburger and an order of French fries. She was half tuned into her blond friend who was rambling on, all excited about her latest boyfriend. Tasha seemed to swap out boyfriends like Natalie changed blouses. 

The waitress delivered Natalie's milkshake; she ordered the tasty drink because she wasn't ready to do any serious drinking yet. She doubted she would have more than one or two drinks throughout the evening anyway. Like always, she would nurse her drink, sipping it over the period of an hour or so. Natalie normally hated the feel of getting drunk; it made her feel out of control.

Tasha on the other hand, who was a native Russian, whose family immigrated to the United States when Tasha was 16, knew how to drink. She could put down more booze and stay seemingly sober than mousy haired Natalie could drink in a week. 

Tasha also liked to enjoy a lounge lizard on quite regularly, boyfriend or not. Then again, Natalie thought Tasha got a thrill when she does have a boyfriend. 

Natalie was half listening to her friend drone on, that's when she spotted him. 

He was looking right at her. His gaze was dangerous and piercing, and so cold she felt her veins run with icy adrenalin. Spying the man caused the young woman to catch her breath. She wondered how the man could have such an effect on her. 

The man was tall, probably a good six foot plus. Natalie herself was a small girl, but she liked her men tall, good looking and with an air of danger. At 5'-3", just barely over 100 pounds, Natalie felt like she could blow away with a strong gust of wind. That's why she liked the big guys; they were like anchors, keeping her in place when the storms of life blew in. Unfortunately, fantasizing about 'dangerous' men had landed her in some pretty dicey relationships with a few real losers.

She didn't know what attracted her to the man sitting at the bar; he wasn't even her type, was he? She wasn't sure. All she knew is the man exuded sex appeal. Instead of a five o'clock shadow, his beard look like it was closer to ten. His light brown hair drooped down over his right eye, and it hung down over his ears, it was neat, but had an almost messy look to it. It was like he'd just rolled out of bed and tried to tame his hair but given up. The stranger had a look of a man from another era. But, for Natalie it was his eyes, it was as if his eyes held her in thrall.

-------

She watches the man pick up his drink. It looks as though he is drinking whiskey, or scotch, it's hard to tell. All she can tell is that he was drinking it straight, no ice, nothing to cut the liquor. 

The man gets up, placing his drink on the bar as he walks her way. She holds her breath, desperately hoping he is walking to her; but deathly afraid at the same time that he really will approach her. She had her fill of faux dangerous men; this man seems like the real item. 

Natalie is almost ready to pee her panties as the man walks up to her. Tasha continues to yap away, not even noticing the encounter unfolding. 

The man just looks into her eyes; it was like he was ripping her soul out through her eyes. If she could just close her eyes, she would keep herself intact. The man reaches out and gently takes her hand, and then he tugs Natalie to her feet. Natalie is so afraid, her entire being quakes in fear. 

The man silently leads her to the dance floor. A well beyond its era disco ball is spinning from the ceiling as it casts a myriad of small lights around the room. A slow song is playing loudly; the man pulls her firmly up against his body, his leg snugs up between her thighs. He wrapped his arms around her back and started to sway to the music. He pulls Natalie into the dance with just his will. 

The man's hands feel cool; his whole body does. Most men holding her in such a crushing embrace would feel like an oven. As tightly as this man is holding her, she doesn't feel smothered. The sway, the song, the man's cologne, it mesmerizes the young woman. He still hasn't said a word to her, but she doesn't mind. In fact, she loves the mysteriousness he radiates, she enjoys the way his grey eyes watch her. His gaze never wavers.

As they danced, the man moves a hand down her back and on to her bum. Natalie gulps and thinks, 'oh my goodness, this man is forward.' He claims the cheek of her butt like he owned it. What surprises Natalie is her reaction. She begins to simply drip moisture into her panties. 

Natalie gasps as the man reaches his hand up under her short skirt and actually grabbing her ass cheek directly. Natalie had been feeling naughty earlier in the evening, and had opted for a thong, now she is feeling self-conscious as the man's hand freely explores the smooth skin beneath his hand.

Normally, Natalie would have laid a huge slap across a guy's face for much less. Only, the man's cool hand feels like it belongs on her bum. She could feel her pulse begin to race; she feels her cheeks and chest flush, as she responds to the man's touch. Instead of feeling incensed, she is reacting sexually to the man's advances. She feels so far out of her league with this dangerous man.

She wants to run. 

She wants to hide. 

She wants more.

She needs more.

The man releases her cheek after kneading it for at least a minute. He didn't seem to have the slightest regard for Natalie's modesty; by grabbing her butt, he is lifting her skirt, letting anyone in the bar see her naked ass. Natalie is so enthralled she doesn't seem to care. Normally, such a situation she is experiencing would cause her to feel mortified. Carelessly, Natalie clings to the man, tuning out any eyes that may travel to her ass.

The man releases her cheek, letting her skirt do its job of covering her naked bum. He moves one hand up under her chin. With a couple fingers, he pulls her face up towards his as he bends down and brings his lips to hers.

His cool lips brush hers, and then she feels them again. Soon, Natalie and the stranger are locked together in a passionate kiss. Natalie is amazed by her reaction to the brazen acts perpetrated by the man; they cause her ardor to grow. She feels a need growing down inside her tummy; the moisture in her vagina is starting to overflow, the panel of her thong panties is getting soaked. The dangerous man still hasn't said a word to her.

Soon, their lips are parted; their tongues are dancing along with the music just like their bodies. The dangerous man pushes his leg farther between her thighs as it applies pressure to her frothing pussy. The motion of the slow dancing causes his leg to rub around on her pussy in such an intimate way. Her breath catches as she tangles her fingers into his hair; he doesn't react.

The song changes, the tempo picks up, but the man keeps slow dancing with her. He continues to grind his thigh against her pussy. Natalie becomes so incredibly aroused that she can hardly stand it. She is nearly ready to let the man take her, right there on the dance floor. She wouldn't care if he would throw her over a small table or push her against the bar so he could ravish her. 

Suddenly the man steps back, gives her a shadow of a smile, takes her hand and leads her back to the rear of the bar. He claims a booth in the back corner. The lighting is low-Natalie's pulse rate is high. 

The man stops and looks down into Natalie's eyes. She seems to be hypnotized by his gaze. She wants to run, but her passion arrests her will to flight. Again, he moves his mouth to hers as the couple begin to kiss passionately yet again. Natalie moans into the man's mouth as her passion climbs even higher.

The man grabs Natalie around her sides and lifts her as easily as could be, like she is a little girl being tossed into the air for fun. He sets her onto the table of the booth. He reaches his hand up under her skirt as he slips his fingers under the panel of her thong; he rips her scanty panties away from her body, easily sundering her strings. A shocked Natalie squeaks, "Oh!"

The dangerous man reaches down and unzips his trousers and then he pulls them down to his knees. Natalie is totally aware of his intensions; she is amazed that he is so willing to expose himself in front a crowd of people. She knows she is about to be fucked regardless the two of them are in the busy bar. The lights continue to flash making the guys hair turn red before it sinks into a deep purple.

Alarm bells ring in her head. How had she gotten here so fast? Why is she even considering letting this stranger, who hasn't said a word to her, have his way with her?

The man has his long, hard cock in his hand in just seconds. He pulls Natalie to the edge of the table roughly as he lifts her skirt above her waist. Her only barrier, the scanty thong was torn and uselessly laying on the floor. Her pussy is exposed. She glances around and sees scores of people staring at her and the man. Being publicly displayed only seems to excite Natalie.

She feels the head of his hard shaft part her lips, sliding and gliding through Natalie's copious wetness. After getting his cock head well wetted, he slides into her opening and then he penetrates her with a single thrust. 

Natalie gasps out in shock from the sudden movement. She is very moist up inside her vagina so there was no pain, but the sudden invasion of her canal by the man's cool hard cock takes her breath away.

Natalie is stuffed with the dangerous man's long thick shaft, which has her impaled. He is buried completely inside her hot, wet vagina; his hips are pressed tightly up against her bottom. Through the fog of passion, she glances around at all the people staring at her and the man. He stands between her legs; his hips continue to press tightly against her pussy. Natalie delights in the fullness, how his cool cock stretches her out, her vagina slowly adapts itself around his shape.

Natalie leans back on her hands and wraps her legs up around the man's cool skinned hips as he begins to rapidly cycle inside her. 

The young woman gasps in delight as she feels the flange on the head of his cock gliding up and down against her vaginal walls. The feel of it is delicious.

Her passion quickly grows, her face and chest begin to flush; she is on the cusp of a fantastic orgasm as the man rocks his hips, pistoning his hard shaft in and out of her honey hole. She can hear the slap of their skin; she feel his body against hers. She is quite cognizant that that she was being fucked in public, with a full audience watching on. She hears the man for the first time say her name, "Natalie?" she wonders why he has the high pitched voice of a woman.

Natalie gasps; she feels her pussy contract as it begins to spasm. She feels her vagina gush out her secretions as the man's cock continues to rapidly cycle inside her tummy. As she begins the quake, and writhe on the table, she hears her name again, "Natalie, what's going on?"

Natalie arches her back, her body tenses, waves of pleasure race up through her tummy into her body, her hips wriggle, the arms supporting her body are trembling, her thighs snap together around the strangers hips. 

She cums as everything dissolves away.

---------

Natalie felt the fog of pleasure begin to lift as her fantasy shatters into a thousand pieces. Her fantasy? She could have sworn it was real! Where was the man, how did she get back to the booth with Tasha. As understanding dawned, she was shocked that what just happened never occurred.

Tasha's giving her a look again, as if Natalie had been ignoring her on purpose. The brunette felt the squishiness of wet panties up between her legs. Tasha tosses her blond hair back out of her eyes and asked, "Oh my gawd, girl, did you just have an orgasm or something? You're not on drugs are you? 'Cause if you are, you need to give me some." 

Tasha's English was impeccable; she only had the slightest of accent making her sound like a native of Seattle.

Natalie, in a fright, glanced over to the man at the bar. His eyes were still locked on her; his mouth was curled up in a smile, somewhat menacing. As he saw Natalie turning his way, he gave her a knowing grin. It was a wolf's smile; it promised many more alarming and potentially cruel acts. 

Natalie had to leave. This man was dangerous on so many levels. 

She gasped as she thought, 'how in the hell did he get in my head that way?'

She turned back to Tasha. Shaken up, she asked, "Tasha, would you please take me home."

Her friend shook her head, "No! The evening is just getting started. What's going on with you Nat?"

Natalie jumps out of the booth leaving her food sitting on the table in front of her, it was cold anyway. She stared at her friend and said, "Fine, if you won't take me home, I'll walk."

Tasha shook her head, "Are you crazy, girl? This is the worst Neighborhood in Seattle, and it's at least 20 blocks to get back to your apartment." Her blond friend's eyes pin Natalie to the spot with a sharp glare. "You're not trying to ditch me are you?"

Natalie grabbed her simple black purse and turned away, "Bye Tasha." She retreated with fevered step as she darted for the door. Natalie had to flee; she had to escape the man sitting at the bar, whom had somehow invaded her mind. He had giving her a total mind fuck, causing her to have an incredible orgasm while she sat in front of her friend. Heavens knew how many other people had been watching.

Once out the door of the bar, Natalie took off running. She wanted to put some distance between her and the tavern, so she would get away from dangerous man sitting at the bar and the mind games.

After three blocks, Natalie finally slowed to a walk. She was sucking for air, trying to catch her breath; she was unaccustomed to running. Just ahead, she knew if she cut through an alley, she could cut down the distance to her apartment by several hundred yards. Some of the streets of Seattle were really screwy.

Natalie wasn't comfortable as she entered the passage, but she knew she only had to walk about a block and she would be back out on the streets again. It was almost 10:30pm; what made things frightening was that the neighborhood she was in wasn't the most civil.

Halfway down the alley Natalie is startled as man jumped out in front of her. Natalie screamed in surprise. 

The man chuckled menacingly, "Well look what we have hear guys. Darlin', did you come to spend some time with my friends and me?" 

Natalie turned to see two other men walking up behind her. She couldn't help thinking she was completely fucked. Natalie tried to dart past the first man who moved to block her way. As she tried to dart around him, she felt his hand snag her arm. Natalie was spun around in the man's tight grip. 

The two other men moved up behind the 21 year old woman and each of them grabbed one of her arms, holding her tightly, giving her no opportunity to get away. The first man, with the reek of booze on his breath walked up directly in front of Natalie.

Natalie shivers in fright and revulsion as the smelly man started unbuttoning her blouse. She started twisting and jerking around trying to dislodge her captors' grip. She knew she was about to get gang raped by three of the sleaziest men she had ever seen; the whole situation was a terrible nightmare come true. 

The man, who was not holding her, finished unbuttoning her lavender blouse. He tugged the silky garment out from inside the waistband of her short black skirt. Peeling her top back and down her arms, he exposed her beige bra. He grabbed the 'C' sized cups of her bra and tugged them up her chest, exposing her breasts to the cool night air. Natalie, feeling totally sullied doubled her efforts to escape, but to no avail.

The man bent down and began to suck on one of her nipples. Her traitorous nubbins hardened as his mouth surrounded her areole, but Natalie took no pleasure from the action. She yelps as the man gives her hard nipple a nip.

The man moved his hand up under her skirt. His fingers grazed over the panel of her wet thong panties. Natalie felt revulsion at the man's uninvited touch. The man fondling her announced, "Holy shit, guys, this little slut is already all wet for us!"

Just as his fingers began to pull the panel of her panties away from her pussy so he could jam his fingers up inside her vagina, a voice behind Natalie's captors announced, "I would unhand the girl, gentlemen, and run. That is if you value your life."

The fondler's hand pulled away as he reached inside his pants pocket and brought out a large switchblade knife. One of the men holding Natalie released her and in doing so pulled out his own knife. The second knife wielder looked to be Mexican; he called out menacingly, "Listen, you gringo mother fucker, I think you better turn around and walk away asshole, or I'm gonna cut you up like a Christmas goose!"

The two men with knives in hand advanced on the man standing in the dark.

Natalie was able to twist around to see her would be hero, the man putting his life in grave danger to protect her virtue as well as her life. She figured he didn't stand a chance whatsoever against the three miscreants, but she was grateful the man was willing to risk it all to save her.

The man stepped into the light. Natalie gasped. Her would be savior was the dangerous man from the tavern. He had followed her after all.

The Mexican looking guy, who had tattoos all over his bald head, advanced on the man who intruding in their fun; he was wielding his knife as if nothing more than a harmless pencil. The light catches on the edge proclaiming its sharp edge. His goal was to eviscerate the newcomer.

The attacker made lightening quick lunge at Natalie's rescuer, but in a blur, faster than Natalie could perceive, the knife went flying at least 40 feet into the air. Just as fast, the bald headed man was slammed against the brick wall, as he struck the wall his body was parallel to the ground; amazingly, he smashed into the bricks at least six feet off the ground. He crumpled lifelessly to the ground. A few stray bricks dislodged from wall and fell to the ground beside the man.

The fondler growled out, "Why you fucking asshole, you're so fucking dead, you moron." He advanced with his own knife ready to shove it in the intruder's chest. The dangerous man chuckled as the would-be rapist advanced on him. The man from the tavern didn't even assume a defensive posture. Natalie heard the man casually tell the man advancing with the knife, "You know, it is going to hurt when I shove that knife up your rectum."

The fondler, just a couple feet from Natalie's rescuer, lunged as quickly as a snake towards the dangerous man. His knife flashed in the light. Natalie watched the man from the bar turn so quickly she hardly was able to follow the movement. The dangerous man twisted grabbing the fondler's knife wielding hand. Effortlessly he pulled the man forward, adding to his momentum, and then the rescuer yanked back on the attacker's hand. The knife flew away with an incredible velocity. Natalie heard several bones of the fondler's arm snap as they broke under the applied force. The would-be rapist was tossed to the ground screaming in agony. The dangerous man kicked him in the head, rendering him unconscious.
