 "So Babe," Gus whispered. "Je l'aime vos joues douces trop," as he slowly ran his tongue up and over Jasmine's bare ass. He loved waking up with her in his bed, and this morning was no different as she had stopped by the night before and they had had a vigorous session of lovemaking late into the night.

"Wha-what?" she spoke with a lazy yawn, cooing lightly as she felt his strong hands teasing her waist as he lovingly worshipped her backside. Reaching her hand back she ran her fingers through his hair and sighed.

"Gus I have to tell you, no man pleases my body more than you do. You are a master with your tongue." Smiling she continued "Now, what did you say? It sounds French to me and I don't know French."

Kneeling at the foot of his bed Gus laughed as he pulled her foot up from the mattress and began to kiss each of her toes. "You are so coy Girl. Obviously you know French! Your note the other day was quite sweet."

Pulling her foot from his mouth she sat up and turned to face him. "What note? I did not write you a note!" Pouting sarcastically, she flicked his erection with her big right toe and said "Perhaps that Nun your sister is trying to fix you up with is already swept away by your..." running her toe down his throbbing cock she smirked as she added for emphasis "considerable charms."

"Ok Jasmine, I understand." Gus replied as he kissed her ankle. "Somethings are better left unsaid. Still, I thought it was very sweet and quite unexpected to see such sentiments written in my mirror."

Confused by this statement Jasmine started to speak but was gently pushed back on the bed as Gus moved forward. Before she could comment he was already half way up her inner thigh and she was becoming quite distracted. When she felt the honey start to boil in her lady parts she sighed as he began blanketing her pussy with rapid butterfly kisses and whatever questions she may have had melted along with her resistance. As his wet hot tongue teased her equally moist hot flesh she quickly succumbed and her mind rapidly wandered to other more pressing thoughts. An hour later, her body still tingling from countless more orgasms teased from her body from her attentive lover, Jasmine slowly woke up to the smell once again of Gus's famous breakfast.

Hearing the sound of rustling downstairs and the happy barking of Angeline from the kitchen she slowly woke up. No doubt the dog was enthralled by sausages doled out by her master and the familiar smell of sizzling sausages being prepared made her smile. As she yawned and stretched she again felt a slight tug on the sheets.

"Angeline, Don't you do it!" she laughed as the sheet was suddenly violently ripped off and deposited on the floor. Smiling as she sat up in the bed, the sound of Angeline whining downstairs sent a chill down her spine. Seeing the sheet crumpled in the floor and now fully awake she realized it could not possibly have been the dog who pulled off the sheets. Coming to this realization, her mind buzzed as she groped for some logical explanation.

"If it wasn't the dog then who the fuck pulled the sheets off." She said to herself as she scooted back up the bed her body becoming gripped with fear. Her blood ice cold she gripped herself, suddenly feeling even more naked than usual as the room seemed to chill. Looking down at her arm she saw the hairs standing up straight as her whole body broke out in goosebumps. Looking slowly and reluctantly around the room she shivered as she felt for certain that someone, or even worse, something was in the room with her. Her ears desperately scanned the room for any noise but other than the noise coming from downstairs it was silent.

"GUS!!!!!" she cried, her mouth barely able to open as her teeth chattered.

"Come on down and get your sausage babe!!" he playfully called back. "And maybe I will give you a special sausage later!!" he added with a laugh.

"GUS!!! Please come up here NOW!!!" she yelled.

"Sure thing babe, I just need to..."

"NOW!!!!!!"

Running up the stairs, Gus burst into the room with a confused look on his face. Naked too except for an apron, he stared at Jasmine crouched at the head of the bed. The desperate tone in her voice alarmed him so when she said now he jumped, turned off the stove and ran upstairs.

"What's wrong? What is it??" he cried as it was obvious she was terrified.

"Something pulled the sheet off me! GUS, SOMETHING PULLED MY SHEET OFF AND IT WAS NOT ANGELINE!!!"

"Come on babe, surely you are..."

"No, something is fucked up in here. This happened the other day too. When it happened earlier I thought for sure it was Angeline but now I don't know."

"It must have been her." Gus said, his face trying to convey friendliness to calm her down. "She must have come up to wake you to bring you down to breakfast and then as soon as she pulled the sheet off she ran back down to have another treat." He added as he got into his bed. "God knows she is pretty fast on her feet when pork is at stake." Holding her tight, he was surprised to feel her shivering so hard. Feeling her nails digging into his back as she pressed her body against his he knew that whatever did happen obviously had totally unnerved her.

Now feeling safe in his arms she sighed as she began to calm, the weird feeling of being watched now passed. "Yea... I guess you are right." She said as she sighed in relief. Hearing the click click click of Angeline's nails on the wooden floor she laughed as the dog jumped in the bed to join them. Holding the smiling dog's head in her hand she added "What are you trying to do to me Angeline? Are you trying to give me a heart attack?" Hearing this the little dog jumped up and stood on her thigh and licked her face instantly making Jasmine feel much better.

Observing Jasmine's change in demeanor Gus smiled. "See, she just wanted to make sure you did not miss out on my famous breakfast." Leaning over her, he pushed her back onto the large pillow and bent down to take her nipple in his mouth. "Now, perhaps I will give you my special sausage FIRST before I go finish the regular batch."

Rolling her eyes, she pulled her leg up and placed her foot onto his chest. "Are you ALWAYS horny? Jesus Christ Gus, I just thought I was under some sort of paranormal attack and the only bone you are thinking about is the one you obviously want to plunge into me!"

Laughing, Gus leaned back and stood up. "Well, you have my number. Look babe, I am sorry, but your body drives me nuts so I have to act!"

Seeing his obvious erection tenting the apron she smirked. "Sorry Gus, but the only sausage I am going to gobble today is the one you are cooking. Besides, have you forgotten? You are having fifty people coming over for a party tonight. That was the reason I came over!"

Smirking, he turned and waved his bare ass in the air. "And here it was and I thought it was just for my body. OK, you win. As much as it pains me I will go back down and finish cooking. Why don't you come down and we can eat." Smiling, Jasmine stood up and put on Gus's discarded shirt and followed him downstairs.

Twenty minutes later Jasmine was enjoying her second cup of coffee as she was admiring Gus's fine sculpted naked ass as he washed up the dishes. "So, are you going to see that Nun again?"

"Sarah?"

"Yea, Sister Sarah. So, are you going to see her again? I know that your sister wants you to date her, much more than ME!." She laughed.

Wincing, Gus flinched at her words. Despite having a most casual relationship with Jasmine, he still felt oddly guilty when directly talking about the other women he dated. It was true, his sister was advocating for Sarah and despite his first impression of her being a prude they hit it off well at the lunch and he wanted to see her again. Stuttering like a man caught in a lie he said "Well... I am taking her to dinner Tuesday, but don't—"

"—Look Gus, don't think I am jealous. I ain't your girlfriend." Winking slyly she continued. "I think it is sweet really that you are showing this fine upstanding Christian girl the ropes as a favor to your sister. I bet dear old Sister Sarah will never want to go back to the nunnery after she gets the full Gus treatment."

Smirking as he turned to speak he said "Trust me, Sarah's got nothing on you, babe." Looking up to the ceiling he smiled. "Although, the rack on her could definitely stiffen the Pope's robes!"

"PIG!" she laughed. Looking at the clock on the wall she smiled. "You know, it is already nine thirty and in less than ten hours this place is going to be packed! Don't you think we should get started getting the food ready for the party?"

Grinning Gus nodded and suddenly his phone rang as if staged. Answering it, he spoke into the receiver as Jasmine listened. Only hearing one side, she was quite curious as she heard him say "Yes..., Yes..., I see..., OK..., Just come in when you get here, the door will be open."

"Well... Who was that?"

"The caterer. They are sending their crew over at noon."

"CREW?! How many people did you hire?"

"Five" he chuckled as Jasmine again rolled her eyes.

"Then why did you want me go come over early?" she asked. "I forget sometimes just how much money you have, but really! If you are having this catered, then why I am here NOW?"

Walking over to her sitting at the kitchen table his eyes twinkled as he took her hand. Lifting her up from her chair he ran his hand up the back of her thigh and grabbed her left ass cheek. Whispering into her ear he hissed "For this!"

Jasmine giggled as she felt herself being led once again towards the stairs. "Are you never satisfied? Is all you want from me is to be just a good fuck partner?"

Looking back, he slyly grinned. "Well, I thought we could have lunch too!"

Jasmine laughed and shook her head as they walked back upstairs. "Pig!!!!"

The rest of the day ended up much more pleasant than she had imagined. After yet another vigorous romp with Gus, the two showered together and spent the rest of the afternoon together topping off with a lunch at Commanders Palace. Arriving back at Magnolia Grove during the late afternoon, both were pleased with the job the caterers had done. The smell of shrimp, barbecue and endless platters of jambalaya assaulted their senses as they wandered inside. Seeing the huge array of food and drink that had been prepared Jasmine gasped.

"Wow! This is far more than the chips and dip I was going to prepare."

Pinching her ass, he whispered into her ear. "And it certainly was a much more entertaining day for us don't you think?" Looking back at him she smiled and nodded as they had both had a great time all day.

Being June, it was light well into the night, the sun only finally setting around 9:30 pm as the party spun on. The house was literally packed as all of Gus's friends had shown up, plus quite a few people he did not know. All of his old buddies were quite curious to see the monster house he had purchased. The looks of astonishment on his old friends as they walked into the palatial surroundings were increasingly humorous as each guest arrived. The wine flowed and endless plates of food were devoured until the wee hours of the morning when finally, little by little, the crowd began to disperse. By three am, only the truest of the true were left, the caterers having been released to return in the morning to clean up.

On the couch, looking as slack as always, were Doug, Skeeter and Snook and all looked especially baked at this hour. Doug's eyes were barely open as he held bongzilla to his mouth and inhaled deeply, each having given the device quite the workout since they arrived. On the floor and sleeping deeply was Angeline, her belly full from being given snacks all night, her canine excitement at all of the guests having worn her out. In the kitchen, Zeke, in a rare relaxed moment away from work was engaged in a heavy conversation with Gus and looked slightly confused by being a guest rather than a host. He was far more used to giving drinks rather than getting them since he had not had a proper day off from the bar in nearly a decade. In the kitchen with him was Jasmine, looking dazzling and very sexy in a short leather mini-skirt and tight t-shirt enjoying the talk with Captain Tony and his date Marie Duchamp.

Captain Tony had lived up to his dapper reputation this evening looking like he just wandered off the command deck of a cruise ship. With his spotless white pants, double breasted blue sport-coat, bright pink ascot and white gold brocaded captain's hat, barely able to contain his prodigious mane of dreadlocks, he was stunning. His girlfriend was equally stunning with even longer dreads than he had and looking incredibly hot in a long form hugging thin hot yellow cotton sundress. All were slightly drunk or high and having a great time when Marie brought the conversation to screeching halt when she spoke.

"So Gus man, whatcha going to do about all these spirits in your house?" she spoke in her thick Jamaican accent.

Feeling Jasmine grip his arm tight Gus shrugged. "What spirits?"

"You are very funny boy! You know what I am talking about, I know you do. This house is thick in spirits, they are everywhere. Surely after being here for a few weeks you have seen at least a few of them."

His arm now in pain from Jasmine's firm grip ripping into his biceps, Gus gulped. "Well...I don't know; I don't think so. I mean come on Marie, you don't really believe all of this nonsense do you?"

"Ghosts!" Doug exclaimed as he came into the kitchen for a beer and walked in on the conversation. "Is this house haunted, Gus? Frankly, given its age and history I would not at all be surprised." His heavy lids now opened wider he added "COOL!!!"

"OK, that's it!" Jasmine yelled as she let loose of Gus. "I am out of here."

"Oh come on, babe." he said soothingly but she would have none of it. As they talked, Snook and Skeeter joined Doug in the kitchen and the ghost talk amped up.

"So Marie," Skeeter asked. "Do you have the gift?"

"You know it man!" she smiled as her eyes twinkled. "All da women in my family had the gift. My GramMa always told me it was both a blessing and a curse and now that I am older I know what she meant. Sometimes we go to an old house or place like this one and the residuals were so loud it is hard to concentrate. This place is chocked full, but luckily I aint seen no true ghosts or, God forbid, Duppies!"

"Ok Ok, what the fuck is all this? Residuals? Duppies?" Jasmine cried as she grew increasingly alarmed.

"Girl, don't you worry about a thing. I think all that is here are Residuals." Marie explained matter of factly.

Snook, hearing this, spoke up, his natural curiosity piqued. "OK, I give. I watch all those Ghost Hunter shows and I have never heard of residuals or Duppies, what are they?"

Smiling, Marie sighed. There was so much ignorance of the supernatural in the world now and the sudden popularity of paranormal shows on TV had actually made people more ignorant.

"Residuals are not really spirits per se, but more like a recording of a past traumatic event. You see them a lot in old houses like this, the tragedies of the past all imprinting on the walls."

"OK, but what the fuck is a Duppy?" Doug cried out.

"You don't want to know. They ain't residuals I can tells you. They is an evil spirit. That bottle tree in the back most likely will keep their evil asses away."

Hearing Captain Tony's girlfriend speak so casually about spirits and ghosts had Jasmine totally spooked now and she shuddered as an icy tingle went up her spine. Now all of the weird events of the past week made sense as she reviewed the odd behavior of Angeline as well as the sheet being pulled off of the bed. "Wait, don't tell me, I don't want to know." Looking at her watch and seeing the late hour she began to walk to the front door. Following behind was Gus who did not want her to leave. Grabbing her elbow, he spoke.

"Babe, come on. Don't leave now! All that ghost talk, you know it is just bullshit. I hope that is not why you are leaving."

Kissing him on the lips she smiled as she stroked his cheek. "Well, it is past three AM and I really do need to go home." Smirking as she saw him put on his sad puppy dog face and grab her ass, she continued. "No, as compelling as the idea of another lovely morning of your talented tongue and delicious sausages is... I really need to go."

"You sure?"

"Yeah."

"And it is not all this ghost talk right?"

"No, not at all." Jasmine lied as she yawned. "I really have to be getting home."

"You Ok to drive?"

Winking, she ran her finger down his bare hairy chest showing under his open Hawaiian shirt. "Much more OK than YOU dear. I saw you hitting Bongzilla pretty hard all night and since I live five miles away, if you were to drive me it would be dawn before I got home."

Laughing Gus kissed her goodnight and walked her out to her car. Walking back into his enormous house he smiled as he heard the party still in full swing but was disappointed about missing out on another planned morning romp with Jasmine. As he strolled back into the kitchen he laughed as he immediately knew the night was going to take an interesting turn. Noticing every cabinet open and Doug, Skeeter and Snook rifling through his pantry he laughed.

"So guys, I have to ask. What in the FUCK are you looking for?"

Pushing open the side door Captain Tony cried. "Got the candles!"

"Ok, what is all this?" Gus asked.

Behind him in the parlor he heard Marie call out as she finished rolling up his oriental carpet. "I hope you don't mind but the guys strong armed me into channeling. I promise we will clean up afterwards."

"Channeling?"

"Yeah Mon, my girl is the best. We all is curious about what she be talking about and, well, I hope you don't mind but she agreed to channel the spirits living in this house." Gus smirked as he crossed his hands in front of his chest. "Well, maybe it is the vanilla kush talking" he said as he snatched Bongzilla from Snook's hand and took a long drag. "And it is excellent as always I must add."

Hearing this Captain Tony smiled and bowed. "I definitely brought the good stuff for your house warming."

"But honestly, do you guys really believe all this stuff? I mean, channeling. What does that entail?"

Walking back into the kitchen Marie spoke. "My gift is I can channel the spirits or residuals in a place. If I channel a residual I am actually able to go back and experience the event through the eyes of the dead."

"GOT IT!!" Doug yelled out as he held up a blue canister of Morton's salt.

"Salt?" Gus asked as he saw the can.

"Yes, salt. " Marie said. "When I enter my trance, I need to do it from inside a sacred circle of salt and candles. The circle protects me when I am at my most vulnerable when I go under."

Gus flinched as he felt the large ebony hands of Captain Tony grip his shoulder. "Oh this is going to be a treat Man. My girl is amazing. Trust me, at the end of this you will not regret it as you will no doubt never have seen anything like it in your life. Don't you want to know about the spirits in your house?"

Smiling as he passed the bong to Captain Tony he nodded. "OK, but just don't mark up my floors. I just had them refinished."