 Now midmorning, Gus was exhausted as he yawned and blearily drove down the shady avenues of the Garden district back to his home. It had been a long evening already before the Voodoo ceremony but the unexpected middle of the night trip to the emergency room had made it even longer. Captain Tony was quite upset as for a moment he, as well as all of the others present, had feared that Marie had died of heart failure. She had looked almost dead when she collapsed in front of the wall of rosaries and had stopped breathing. Snook, surprising everyone gave her mouth to mouth and now that she was in the hospital it was clear she was going to be alright. He and everyone else had stayed with Tony all night to make sure Marie was going to be ok. To the great relief of everyone the Doctor said she would recover.

So much had happened so fast he had not had any time to really process what had happened. What had Marie seen when she looked at the wall of rosaries? What had caused her to collapse? Whatever it was, bullshit or not, it certainly had a dramatic effect on her. He had hoped to ask her but when she did finally regain consciousness she remembered nothing and was totally shocked to find herself waking up in a hospital room surrounded by Captain Tony and his stoner friends. Finally, around ten am, safe in the knowledge that she was going to be alright he and the others went home.

Pulling into the driveway of his house he was shocked to see two men in dark suits and sunglasses sitting on his porch. Getting out of his MG he irritatedly asked "Can I help you gentlemen?"

"Are you August Le Blanc?" the first man asked as he looked disapprovingly down at Gus walking up to the porch. He truly looked like a mess, his hair all matted and eyes very red. The combination of being up all night along with the considerable amount of weed he had smoked the night before still clung to body and rumpled clothes.

"Yes, I am Gus. Now, what do you want?"

"We have been sent by the future governor to bring you back to his house. He needs to talk to you immediately."

"Who are you guys?"

"We work for Pete Landrieu's campaign and I know you would not want to do anything to mess things up for your brother in law now would you? The election is just a few months away and we are, well, what you would call "fixers""

Shaking his head, he had to laugh. "So, I suppose you have been assigned by my sister to "fix" me eh? Well, that is a tall order. Look, I am exhausted and I really need to crash and do not have time to meet with him this morning." Now very annoyed he continued, being sure to emphasize his brother in law's real name just to irritate the two men. "Tell PIERRE that I will talk to him later."

Grabbing each of his arms the two men gently blocked Gus and prevented him from opening the door. "I am afraid we are going to have to insist sir."

"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST what is this!" Gus yelled as he pulled free. Seeing the humorless looks on their faces he knew they would never leave until the brought him back. Desperately wanting sleep, he knew that the best course of action was to cooperate so he relaxed. "Alright already, let's get this over with."

The two men smiled and escorted him down to a large black Cadillac escalade parked on the street. Sitting down in the back seat he fumed. His brother in law Pete was a powerful man already and once he was elected Governor he was sure he would not get any better. Used to getting his way he knew better than to resist as he knew there would be shit to pay from his sister. "So, what terrible thing has caused my dear brother in law to have to sick his goons on me this morning? You could at least have given me a few minutes to clean up!" he asked as the car sped off towards the future Governor's house. The two men said nothing but smiled silently as they drove out of the city.

Now out in the country the land opened up as they drove across the bridge into Saint Bernard's parish. Gone were the packed rows of houses of the city as suburbs turned inevitably into large farms along the Mississippi. Turning onto a small dirt road the dust cloud kicked into a puff of red up as they began the journey up the long driveway to Pete and Margaret's house. Pete had done exceptionally well before he entered politics, turning his considerable family fortune into a massive empire. The next tick box on his "to do" list was the governorship. Seeing the large imposing red brick mansion at the end of the road Gus sighed. He had no idea why he was essentially being kidnapped here, and despite his general desire to make his sister happy he was very annoyed at being called to the woodshed, especially given that he could not think of anything he had done wrong.

Pulling up to the circular driveway he grinned as he realized that his new house was possibly even bigger than this one, and he knew that would grate on Pete. Seeing his brother in law standing on the front porch and waving he braced himself to be nice. They had never really gotten along that well in the past and now that he was a politician it was even worse. He had always thought his brother in law was a pompous overbearing asshole and Pete thought he was a hopeless slacker stoner. Sadly, for both of them, there was just enough truth in both theories to keep both stereotypes alive.

"Gus!" Pete exclaimed as one of the drivers opened the back door. "So glad you could meet me this morning."

Stepping out of the car Gus growled "It's not like I really had much of a choice now is it? Is this the kind of police state you plan on running when you win?"

"Funny!" Pete smirked as he lightly smacked Gus's left cheek. "Always such a funny funny man." Looking Gus up and down he smiled. The contrast between the two men could not be more severe. Pete looked imposing, neat and very handsome in his blue seersucker suit and matching silver hair. He looked the very definition of an old school southern politician and as he got a whiff of his sloppy red eyed weed soaked brother in law his disdain could hardly be hidden. "Coffee Gus? You certainly look like you could use a cup, or maybe even two."

"Sure, why the fuck not!" Gus laughed as he followed Pete inside. The foyer of his house was as impressive as the outside with oil paintings of all of the Landrieus hanging on the wall going back to the 1700s. As they walked across the black and white marble floor a uniformed butler approached.

"Sammy, could you bring a pot of coffee to my office. I need to have a little chat with my brother in law here."

"Yes sir Mr. Landrieu, right away." He said as he scurried off to the kitchen.

Following Pete into his private office Gus grew increasingly angry. His fatigue from the night before weighing heavy on him he just wanted to hear whatever sermon he had to suffer through and get home. Thinking silently to himself he thought "What we put up with for family!" Flopping down in a red leather chair in front of Pete's elaborately carved black oak desk he provocatively kicked his flip flops off and put his feet up on the surface.

"So brother, to what do I owe this summons to your lair!"

Now that they were alone Pete dropped his fake friendly tone and switched into his district attorney voice. "Quite a little party you had at your place last night. Such a blow out!" he smiled as he clasped his hands in front of his face. "I mean what house warming party would be complete without having the girlfriend of a notorious drug dealer overdosing in your living room right?"

"What the fuck are you talking about? Nobody overdosed in my house!"

"Oh? Perhaps my sources are incorrect. Did you or did you not have a Tony Clarke, AKA Captain Tony as a guest at your house last night?"

Gus's face dropped as he nodded. "Yes, I did, but what business is it of—."

"—And did not his girlfriend" Pete interrupted as he shuffled some papers in front of him as he read the name. "A one, Marie Duchamp not have to go by ambulance at approximately 4 am to Tulane Medical Center."

Sitting silently Gus nodded again, amazed that his brother in law had all of this information.

"Yes, quite some colorful characters you are friends with. A notorious drug dealer with several warrants out for his arrest and his Voodoo priestess girlfriend. She too has a few warrants. Louisiana takes a dim view of animal sacrifices you know."

"Hey! How the fuck do you know these things anyway? Where are we living now, RUSSIA?"

"Now now, don't get your panties in a bunch. I know things, trust me I know a lot of things. It is my job to know things and spending all those grunt years at the DA's office has paid off well now. I am fortunate as to have lots of friends. Luckily for me, and for you and your friends, I still have quite a few buddies at the police department and they filled me in on your escapades. Thank GOD the press did not hear about it, or one of Governor Smith's goons."

Sitting up straight, Gus glared at his brother in law. "What do you want, Pete. I know you think Marie overdosed but she did not, she just, well..., she had an episode."

"Right..., an episode. Well, I might have some idea what might have brought on an episode like that. Anyway, I will be brief. I know you don't like me that much, and that is ok, I don't particularly like you, but we both love your sister. Now, I don't make many demands Gus, I really don't but I am in the political fight of my life right now. The election is just a little over four months away and Governor Smith has his attack dogs out looking for blood. As the "law and order" and "family values" candidate I certainly can't have my brother in law caught up in some kind of drug crazed party can I?"

Gus said nothing but listened as Pete continued. "Now, all I want you to do is to lay low until after the election, that's all. Do you think you can handle that?"

Still silent, Gus fumed as Pete continued. "In fact, Margaret tells me you hit it off with Sarah so maybe you could use this opportunity to clean up your act. Get your life on the right track. Do you think you could do that? Sarah is a great girl, quite attractive actually and her father is a huge contributor to my campaign. I would consider it a be a big personal favor if you would go out with her but only if you promise to be on our best behavior. This is not a booty call."

Pete looked intensely into Gus's eyes for any kind of sign he was agreeable but only got back an icy red eyed stare. Upping the ante, he added "Look, I know you and I live different lives. You have this whole bohemian thing going on, and I can appreciate that, but for the good of the family just try and keep your dick in your pants and the orgies to a minimum until November, OK? You will see that if you play ball with me I can play ball with you."

"Right. Look Pete, I certainly wish you well in your campaign and am more than willing to do whatever I can to help you win election but honestly, I did not do anything wrong here. I know it can be painted badly in the press, but you can't expect me to live under a rock for the next four months. You don't have to threaten me or offer me goodies to get me to do the right thing but I am certainly not going to live like a monk!"

"Well, I can respect that Gus, I really can. I like a man with convictions and believes what he believes and sticks to his guns. Quite admirable, quite admirable... Yet I wonder. I wonder if your friends would feel the same way you do?"

Gus's brow now raised suspiciously. He smelled a rat and it was making him angry. Tersely he said "What are you getting at?"

"Well I know you are rich and successful with that zombie titty game series you wrote, so you think you don't need anything from anyone. I wonder if perhaps your friends might think differently. I bet most of them might need the help of a guy like me more than you would. For example, I am sure that your friend Zeke would like help on the upcoming health department raid planned for his bar. Or your friend Captain Tony, no doubt he would like to have his outstanding warrants ignored rather than vigorously prosecuted. Even that waitress you are seeing, what was her name, Jocelyn, Josten?'

His face furrowed in a deep scowl he said "You must mean Jasmine."

"Right, Jasmine. You know, I heard just the other day that her mother runs an unlicensed daycare center in Baton Rouge. Amazing isn't it? You think you know people. Surely she must know that that could lead to some major legal problems, problems that can be made better or worse depending on your connections." Grinning he added "Yes, I am sure your friends might take a much different attitude to having a future governor as a relative than you do."

Realizing he was being threatened Gus bit his tongue as he slumped into his chair. He knew he was licked and it was pointless to resist, he was going to have to be his brother in law's bitch for the duration. It was one thing to take a risk for yourself but quite another to have your friends threatened. Realizing that what Pete was asking for was not really that outrageous, and it was obvious that he was going to do whatever it took to make sure he got his way, he nodded. "OK Pete, message received. You certainly don't have to go all Don Corleone on me to get me to play straight and take out a contributor's daughter. I will lay low and play the good boy for a few months but you have to promise to watch out for my friends. I don't want you fucking me on this."

"Of course! I am definitely a man of my word." Pete grinned as he flashed his telegenic smile. "Plus, I think you are going to really get along with Sarah. Her dad is rich and she is quite the looker and..." looking him up and down again he shrugged "she certainly seemed to have been taken by you after just one lunch. Just keep her entertained until November, that is all I ask. Keep your nose clean, stay out of the press and go out with a hot rich chick. MAN, I must be some sort of MONSTER to make such crazy demands" he added sarcastically.

This last comment made Gus smile as it certainly did not seem like a heavy lift. He truly did want his brother in law to win the election, more for his sister than him per se, but he was naturally rebellious and knowing he is not allowed to do something instantly makes him want to do that exact thing. Looking at the clock he saw that it was almost noon and he was completely exhausted. "Can you get your goons, I mean, assistants to take me back home now? I think you made your point."

Smiling as the butler came in with the coffee Pete nodded and whispered something to the servant who placed his tray down and left the room. Lifting his cup, Pete said "Well, finish your coffee and I will have my guys drive you home. I am glad we had this little chat, I think we really understand each other a lot better now. I will let Sarah's father know that you will be calling her soon." After downing his coffee Gus was back in the van and on his way back to his house. Approaching one pm it was very hard to stay awake on the drive as his whole body ached for sleep now having been awake for well over twenty-four hours. Pulling back into his driveway he walked up to the door and went inside.

"Well, this is a surprise!" he cried as the house was spotless. When he had left suddenly in the night it was still a wreck, from the dirty dishes in the sink to the used ashtrays, spilled food and salt circle that had been drawn on the floor. "I guess the caterers came back early to clean up."

Surprised that his always excitable dog had not rushed to meet him he called out. "Angeline! Angeline!" Walking into kitchen he smiled as he saw that not only had all of the dishes been cleaned and put away, the floors had been washed and all of the appliances gleamed in the early afternoon sun. Hearing a small whimper from the small mud room off to the side of the kitchen he opened the door and saw a flash of red blur as his dog scampered up the steps to rush into his arms.

"Hey girl!" he said as he scooped her up into his arms and held her tight to his chest. The small dog shook and cried as it was obvious she was quite upset, the petting she was getting slightly starting to settle her down. "Why on earth were you hiding in there?" Yawning he started walking out into the hall and up the stairs. Carrying Angeline in his arms she sighed and panted happily until they reached the upper landing. Seeing the wall of rosaries, she struggled violently and Gus had to put her down.

"Alright already!!!" he exclaimed as he put her down on the floor and she ran down the hall and into his bedroom, immediately burrowing herself under the bed. Remembering the events of the prior night, he could not help but look over at the wall and wonder. Something was definitely going on with this wall as not only did it freak out his dog out it seemingly almost gave one of his friends a heart attack. Looking intensely at the thousands of sparkling beads he noticed that five or six rosaries had fallen onto the floor and shattered. Looking back at the others still nailed to the wall he figured these had obviously been knocked off the night before when Marie had her attack. Picking them up off of the floor they not only were broken but could not be repaired, the prayer beads completely shattered and the crucifix bent back upon itself into a knot.

"Sorry Mrs. Laveau!" he called out in jest as he placed the broken beads in his pocket and walked down the hall into his room. Looking at his enormous bed Gus sighed as his whole body ached. Stripping down to his shorts he placed his cellphone on his nightstand and smiled as he saw a text message he assumed was from Jasmine.

Again written in French were the words "Good Night Sweet Cheeks". Smiling at the message Gus fell onto the bed and pulled up the sheets, almost instantly falling asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.

Across town Jasmine knocked on the locked door of Zeke's Bar and Grille, hoping that he was inside. Seeing her standing alone Zeke walked over and opened the door.

"Hey Babe, I didn't think you were working tonight." Zeke said.

"I'm not, but I thought, well, do you mind if I just come in for a minute?"

"Of course not! Please, come on in." he grinned, always happy to see his Jasmine. Although he was her boss in a way he treated her like a surrogate daughter being that his own daughter was roughly her age. Seeing her sitting at the bar he could tell that something was wrong. Jasmine always looked amazing, never a hair out of place always perfect. He used to tell her that she could have been a model if she had wanted to, and this was not just some cheesy line to get into her pants as he really believed it. This early afternoon however she looked like a mess. Her hair was ratty and uncombed and for the only time he could ever remember she was obviously not wearing makeup. With the dark circles under her eyes he could tell she had been up all night.

Stepping behind the bar he poured her an Amaretto, a drink he knew she loved and passed her the glass. "Here Jasmine, drink this. It will definitely take the edge off." Seeing her down the drink in one gulp and then push her empty back in a silent bid for another he smiled. "Quite a late night last night eh? That Gus sure knows how to throw one hell of a party."

"Do you believe in the supernatural?" she asked, her large brown eyes looking quite sincere.

"Now what on earth provoked that! You still aren't spooked by all that ghost talk last night are you?"

"Well, not exactly" she said meekly as she started drinking her next drink slower.

"Frankly the whole thing is bullshit I think. In fact, Gus and the rest of them were all about to do some sort of mumbo jumbo Voodoo deal right after you left but I did not stay for it. You know, I am old now! I guess I can't party with you youngins like I used to." He laughed as he poured himself a drink and sat down beside her. Reaching for her hand he grabbed it and asked "So come on, tell old Uncle Zeke. What is going on with you? It is quite obvious that you did not get any sleep last night so what is the deal. I can't believe some old ghost stories a bunch of stoners were swapping upset you so much that..."
