 Captain Tony shifted again in the incredibly uncomfortable metal chair in his girlfriend's hospital room. He had been there all day and now that she was finally awake they were just waiting for the final paperwork to be delivered so he could take her home. It had been an exhausting ordeal and he reveled in finally being able to go to bed and finally get some sleep. Marie was groggy and fog headed but at least was sitting up in the bed for the first time all day. Looking at her face Tony thought she looked exhausted. Heavy bags hung under her eyes and new flecks of grey speckled her dreads. Seeing this he could swear she looked like she had aged ten years since yesterday. Reaching out from his chair he grabbed her hand and squeezed it hard.

"Almost ready to go home, Boo?"

Still weak from her ordeal Marie smiled and squeezed his hand back. Since waking up in the hospital her memory of the night before had been a total blank. Unable to speak for most of the day, she had been too weak to even hold her head up much less speak. Now that it was the next afternoon she finally felt her body begin to rebound. With her voice cracking and gravely, she whispered out loud.

"I love you Boo. I am definitely ready to go home!"

Hearing her speak Tony pressed the nurses call button repeatedly. Turing back to his girlfriend he said. "Oh thank GOD! Babe you had me scared. You have never gone under that deep before. I thought for a while last night I had lost you."

Smiling she again squeezed his hand and nodded. It was true, this was definitely the worst channeling session she had ever performed in her life and as she grew more and more awake she realized just how close to death she had actually come. It was not unusual at all for her to pass out or hyperventilate during a session but this was very different. Magnolia Grove was the most supernaturally active house she had ever been in and her whole body ached from the experience, like a runner recuperating the day after competing in a marathon.

Sitting up straight in bed she said "We need to get Gus have that place cleansed immediately. He can't live there like that. There are way too many powerful spirits loose in that house and I think it is only going to get worse."

"Is that who you were channeling? One of the spirits loose in the house?"

"No, that lady was just a residual. Her spirit has long sense passed on to the other side. No, there are some serious Duppy's in that house. VERY serious. I know Gus is your friend so maybe you can convince him to allow me to conduct a proper cleansing ritual."

"I don't know how he will react to that."

"Well, he seemed pretty open last night." She replied.

"Yes, but having a playful little séance type activity at a house party is one thing. Having a full blown voodoo ritual performed in your house, with all that entails, is quite another."

Seeing her grow agitated he patted her arm. "Now Boo, you need to settle down. You had quite a spell last night so you need to recover. You are in no condition to perform a cleansing ritual now anyway."

"I know I did but we really need to warn Gus, I don't think he understands the danger he is in. My memory of what happened is still quite foggy but my sense of dread is very strong and I am never wrong about that. There is something very very wrong at Magnolia Grove and I am going to help do something about it." Starting to get out of bed, she swung her bare feet over the bed and asked Tony to hand her dress.

"Boo, I don't know if this is such a good idea. Can't this wait? That house has been there forever and surely there is nothing going on now that hasn't been going on for years. Can't we talk to Gus after you get better? I don't want you going back in that house and getting worn down again by all that spirit activity. Neither your heart nor mine can take it."

Looking across the room at a mirror above a small chest of drawers Marie shook her head loose through the neck of her dress and tried to straighten her hair. She would not listen to Tony's concerns and she was determined to go straight home and get ready for the cleansing ceremony. Smoothing the bright yellow fabric down over her body she saw that it was wrinkled and dirty but at least it meant she could leave and it was certainly more stylish than the blue hospital gown she had been wearing since being brought in. As she started to turn back towards Tony, out of the corner of her eye she saw something reflected in the mirror and she paused. Gazing more intensely she felt her heart rate raise as she saw a black mist starting to form in the glass.

Snapping her head back to look behind her she saw nothing, but when she looked into the mirror she could see the apparition clearly. From the looks of her boyfriend obviously he could not see it, but she was used to that. Being clairvoyant has its advantages and disadvantages and one of the biggest was the fact that normally she could see things that no one else could. Staring intensely into the reflection, with each second that passed it became clearer as it started to take shape. Captain Tony saw nothing, but to Marie's great horror the mist in the mirror grew larger and thicker and appeared to be standing right beside him. Feeling the temperature of the room drop, along with her stomach, she could not take her eyes off the form manifesting before her eyes. Preparing to turn and confront the spirit she suddenly froze as the image changed.

"Boo, are you ok?" Tony asked as he saw his girlfriend staring intensely into the mirror with a blank and terrified gaze.

As she opened her mouth to speak suddenly her face froze in horror as her eyes grew wide. Shrieking just as loud as she had the night before she collapsed on the hard cold floor.

"MARIE!!! MY GOD, MARIE!!" Captain Tony frantically yelled as he saw his girlfriend collapse. Rushing over to her he knelt down and stared into her eyes which now began to roll back into her head. Pushing the call button, he screamed for the nurse.

Marie began to slowly slip away as the room began melting before her eyes. Over the shoulder of her boyfriend the black mist began massing and started to hover right above her face. Sensing her body being entered by an unseen force, she tried to resist but it was futile, the force was too strong. Struggling to stand one last time before she was engulfed the mist quickly lowered itself onto her face and entered her nostrils.

Experiencing the same falling sensation as she had the night before, Marie was transported yet again to another time and place. Now completely under the power of the entity she sat up and looked down at her body. She was naked now, only it was not her body she was looking at but that of a nineteen-year-old beautiful black girl. Running her hand up her left hip she giggled at the sensation of her skin that was as smooth and blemish free as a super model. Breathing the hot night air in deeply she sighed as she looked over and admired her own reflection in a golden mirror across the room. She was simply gorgeous.

Glancing around the room it too had changed as she had. No longer was she recovering in a white sterile hospital bed but was completely naked and lounging on an ornate soft silky duvet with matching red silk curtains and only flickering candles for light. Hearing the door of this new room open she smiled as the sight of a painfully handsome white man in a long purple robe stood in the doorway. Opening her mouth, she was no longer Marie, her being completely dominated by the new entity inside her.

"Bonsoir Joues de Miel" she cooed as she sat up on the bed and seductively rocked her breasts back and forth. "Is that any way to greet your sable Goddess?"

Open mouthed the man walked into the room, his erection clearly obvious as he was naked beneath the robe. His dark hair glistened in the candlelight and his eyes were lust filled and obviously concentrating all of his energy on her. Reaching the end of the bed she lifted her bare foot up and placed it on his stomach.

"As I said, is this any way to greet your sable Goddess, SLAVE?"

The man smiled and dropped to his knees, pressing his hot lips against the ball of her left foot as he gently lifted her foot to his mouth. Ripping her foot away she smirked. "No no my delicious slave, you have not earned my body yet. You must do this properly, now STRIP! Strip naked as the day you were born. I wish to inspect my property."

Untying his robe, he slipped it off onto the floor and looked back at her longingly. Smiling as she saw his firm muscular young chest come into view she crawled up to the end of bed and glanced down at his cock throbbing in the dim golden light. "Good slave, GOOD. Obviously you are capable of learning. Now stand up so your Goddess can view her purchase."

Jumping up on his feet he grimaced as it was obvious he was embarrassed to be on such an open display. Reaching over to the nightstand she lifted up a small leather riding crop and stood up on the bare wood floor. Placing the tip on his chest she barked "Hands on your head Antoine." Complying he closed his eyes as he felt her run the crop down his chest and flick the end of his penis.

"Good boy, very good. Oh what your servants would make of you now! Such a big man, king of the world, owner of hundreds of my kinsman and now my complete and total property."

"Please Justine, PLEASE!" he begged as he felt her hard nipples scrape across his back as she ran her fingers down his back to his ass Gripping his left ass cheek, she giggled. "Yes, there they are. My Joues de Miel." Walking back to the end of the bed she sat down and stared icily at Antoine. "You may resume kneeling now."

Dropping to his knees instantly he began to shake uncontrollably. He had to have her, to kiss her flesh, to taste her honey as nothing else in the world mattered. Seeing her hold her foot out straight into the air he did not have to be ordered to do what he knew she wanted him to do. Gently pulling her foot to his mouth he covered the top of it with kisses as he began licking his way down to her toes.

Laughing as she watched him worship her foot and being tickled by his tongue Justine said "Yes my poor poor honey cheeks. You want me so bad. Well, if you show your worthiness I will allow you to worship my pussy you crave so much You may think you own my body slave, but I own your soul."

Saying nothing Antoine groaned as he ran his tongue lovingly over her toes. Sucking her pinky toe into his mouth he looked up into her face for a sign of approval. The best he got was a glare of mild amusement. Justine gently stroked the top of his head with the riding crop as she lay back on the bed and allowed him to kiss and suck every inch of both of her feet. Sighing as she felt his lust radiating off of his body, she smirked as she looked down and saw him kissing his way up her instep.

"You need to use your talents better boy." She commanded as she got up off of the bed. Patting the mattress, she said "Go get your shackles and chain yourself face up on the mattress. I am going to use your mouth for my pleasure slave and I am going to use it until I am completely and totally satisfied."

Leaping up off of the floor he flew to a sideboard and returned with his chains. Cuffing his ankles to the bottom bedposts, Justine grinned as she teased his cock with the tip of her crop. Once his left wrist was chained, she crawled up his grabbed his right wrist. Licking her lips, she dangled her diamond hard nipples just out of the reach of his desperate mouth. Slamming the shackle closed she straddled his stomach and laughed as his hard cock smacked against her ass.

"So desperate and needy." She smiled as she slowly dragged her ass up his shaft. Reaching back behind her she raked her nails over his helpless balls as Antoine yelped in pain. Gripping them hard in her hand she laughed. "These are the source of your slavery boy. These are the font of your downfall!" Winking she turned and faced the foot board.

Lightly running her tongue around the crown of his penis, his pitiful whimpers made her giggle. Leaning back, she slowly lowered her ass down onto his face, her yawning open pink pussy dripping with arousal. Seeing her glorious honey cave descend onto his mouth he whimpered in joy, her sweet pussy tasting like the ripest sugary peach on one of his plantations. Feeling the first long lick of his eager tongue swirl up her snatch Justine moaned as the first of hundreds of orgasms began to bubble up from her body.

Back at Gus's house Jasmine yelled into Zeke's phone. "Jesus Gus, what are you talking about. I have not sent you any texts. Someone must have stolen my phone."

"Now don't jump to conclusions Babe. It must have been some kind of misunderstanding. Let me look for your phone and I will call you back. OR even better." He paused as an idea entered his head. "Why don't I call your phone. Do you normally have your ringer on?"

"Yes"

"Good. This is a mongo house and it might be hard to find a small phone in all this space. If you have your ringer on, and assuming it is here, it will make it much easier to find."

"Good idea Gus! Why didn't I think of that? Look, call me back as soon as you find it. I am fucking freaking out here. As you know I have some quite private pictures on that phone that I would not want to see splashed all over the internet. Oh Jesus, please call me as..."

"Yes, trust me Jasmine, I know how you are about your phone. As soon as I find it I will call you." Pausing he added "And now that I know you have some special goodies on that phone I am even more motivated to search for it."

Hanging up he shook his head as he felt a tiny furry head lay down on his right thigh. Looking down he smiled as he saw his dog go to sleep using his body as a pillow. "I agree with you Angeline. That is definitely the right idea, but first let us see if we can find Jasmine's phone. Who knows, if I find it she might come over and "reward" me!!!" he winked as he hit her contact number.

Pushing the sleepy dog off of his lap he stepped off of the bed and listened to his phone start to dial. Walking out into the hall he did not expect for his plan to work but to his surprise the tell-tale xylophone style ringtone began buzzing. Listening carefully, it was much louder than he would have expected since he assumed it was downstairs. Walking towards the landing the sound kept getting louder until he stopped right in front of the rosary wall. Looking at the thick curtain of beads he could see several of them vibrating and the ring grew louder. In complete astonishment he dug his hand into the covering of rosaries and found Jasmine's phone tucked neatly in the loops of some of the icons at the bottom of the heap. Pulling it out his eyes grew wide as he recognized her hot pink leopard print iPhone cover immediately.

"Now how in the fuck did this get in there?" he asked as he heard the tinkling of glass beads shattering as several rosaries dropped to the floor when he pulled out the phone. His mind reeling by this bizarre discovery, Gus picked up his own iPhone and called Zeke's phone. Browsing through her picture folder he saw a packet labeled "private". Clicking on it his eyes opened wide as he laid eyes on the digitized tits of Jasmine staring back up at him.

After only one ring Jasmine picked up. "Did you find it? Please dear God tell me you found it!"

"I did Babe. I have it right here in my hand."

"Thank you, Jesus, THANK YOU!!!"

"Don't thank Jesus Babe, it was I who found it." He laughed as he heard her sigh in relief on the other end of the call. Continuing to flip through her private folder he stopped he grinned as her glorious private pictures were revealed. "Do you want me to bring it over?"

Her voice now light and smooth, Jasmine exhaled loudly. "No need for that, I can come over and get it. Are you going to be home tonight?"

"Mmmmm, I like the sound of this already. Yes, I am going to be home. I really need to get some sleep so I am not leaving the house again today."

"Perfect!" she cooed into the phone. "And Gus...I think you might have earned a special reward being my savior."

"DAYUM!!!" he laughed. "Now I am definitely glad you left your phone over here."

"Where was it by the way?"

Looking up at the rosary wall and then down at the phone Gus paused. He could not explain this situation to himself much less Jasmine and knowing how she already was kind of spooked about his house he did not want to give her any reason not to want to visit. "Oh, in the couch dear. It must have dropped out of your purse when you were sitting on the couch."

"Typical. Well, thanks a million for finding it. I am sure you will appreciate my gesture of gratitude later tonight."

Smiling Gus spoke. "Sounds delicious. My mouth is watering already. By the way, you really should password protect your phone you know." Looking down at a snap of her in a see through purple teddy he added "This picture of you in the Teddy I am sure would be quite a hit on www.hotgirls.com!"

"You found my pictures!" she laughed. "Pig! Although there is nothing in that folder you haven't seen already, or even better, will see later!"

Feeling his cock jump at her words he smiled and hung up the phone and went back to bed.

Back at the hospital Captain Tony and two nurses looked down at Marie in a combination of amazement and horror. Still on the floor, she writhed and panted as her whole body shook uncontrollably. Screaming at the top of her lungs she repeatedly yelled "Yes my slave, YES!!! Worship your Goddess!" as her body convulsed into a seemingly unending stream of orgasms.

Looking over at her partner the head nurse lightly whispered "I think we may need to call the psychiatric unit in on this case."