 "Holy Mother Mary! Ed, come in here and look at this!" Lorraine Clearwater yelled from the living room of their tiny ranch house in Saint Bernard parish.

"What is it dear?" 

"Only the best spirit photo I have ever seen! You must come see this. Someone uploaded it to our website early this morning."

Ed slowly rose from his brown vinyl lounge chair in their wood paneled den and began shuffling towards the living room. His pace was slow as he walked through stacks of collectibles over the thick orange shag carpet that had remained in their home since the Ford administration. He and his wife Lorraine were the sole proprietors of the Southern Louisiana Occult Paranormal Psychical Investigations company and he knew from the tone in his wife's voice that something big had caught her eye so he should get up from watching the game. He and Lorraine had been at this business for decades and for something to incite his wife to this level of excitement was unusual.

Their house was a virtual museum to the paranormal and it was stuffed to the rafters with hundreds of the items they had collected from the numerous cases they had worked on over the years. Now both in their eighties they were just as active now as they had been fifty years earlier although they were a bit slower than they used to be. Back when they started their operation they were alone in the field, but now, to Ed's disgust and horror, the television was jammed with countless inaccurate shows on the subject. Suspicious of anything submitted to their website as being fake he groaned as he walked into the living room to see his wife.

Lorraine was definitely more technically savvy of the two of them but the bar was set low. "So dear" Ed croaked as he cleared his throat and entered the room. "What new fakery are you going to show me today."

"I don't think this is fake dear. Quite the contrary, of all of the photos of spirits I have seen over the years this is without a doubt the best one yet."

Seeing his tiny wife hunched over her computer he smiled. The blue light from the screen flickered through her equally blue hair piled high on her head in the same beehive hairdo she had had since they were dating. He certainly admired her willingness to try new things. He was very old school and had just warmed up to faxes when email came and then was surpassed by texting and instant messenger and a whole alphabet soup of technological advances he could barely comprehend. Even his field had become overrun by high tech gadgetry, with evp records and electromagnetic field detectors. In his day he still preferred the old ways, his tape recorder, his old Kodak camera and his instincts.

Reaching her desk, he sighed "Let me be the judge of..." Seeing the image on the screen he had to pause as it was phenomenal, a true fully formed apparition caught on film. Continuing he could only add "WOW! Darling, can you make that image bigger on the machine?"

"You mean the computer dear?" she said with a smirk, always chiding her technophobic husband and trying to gently nudge him into the twenty first century.

"Yes the COMPUTER!" he snapped. Seeing the image enlarged he moved in closely to inspect the pixels bit by bit. He was an expert at spotting forgeries and fakes and this had none of the tell-tale characteristics. Looking back at his wife who was smiling broadly and nodding, he asked "Where was this taken? We simply have to get over there and do a full scale investigation."

"That dear is the best part. Now sit down as I do not want this to come as too much of a shock. You know, your ticker is not what it used to be."

"Very funny Lorraine" he protested but did sit. "Ok, I give. Where is it?"

"This my dear is Magnolia Grove!"

"WHAT!!! Not the..."

"The very one, he stated it in his submission."

"But, but, oh my... We, how..." Ed stuttered, his hands shaking at the prospects of finally being able to investigate the infamous plantation house Magnolia Grove. For longtime residents of New Orleans and the surrounding parishes Magnolia Grove was legendary. Having been in the same family for over two hundred years all sorts of legends had built up like the silt constantly adding to the bayou. For their purposes, whispers and dark rumors had swirled around the enormous mansion for decades that whet their paranormal appetites.

"Yes, and we are going to meet him for lunch down in Quarter this afternoon. Once I saw the picture I knew we would have to investigate so I went ahead and asked to take him to lunch. He was thrilled, and as it turns out, he has actually read several of our books. Crazy isn't it, he turns out to be a total fan! We are as good as in."

Meanwhile down in the quarter Zeke was just opening up the bar. Flipping on the neon OPEN sign in the window he smiled as he turned on the lights inside and the new glowing poinsettia he had just received started to twinkle. "Perfect! Just PERFECT!" he said out loud as the new decorations melted into the Hodgepodge of the rest of the décor. Looking down at his watch he saw that it was eleven thirty and was surprised that Jasmine had not come in yet. She was never late and if she ever was sick, which was rare, she always called.

Back at Jasmine's apartment she just started to wake up. Her back hurting from the fall to the hard tile floor, her thoughts were racing a mile a minute as the memory of what had just happened rushed in. Sitting up straight she held her head as she stood and glanced at the mirror. Her whole body was covered in chills as she looked at her own reflection in the glass.

She could not help but tremble as she carefully studied her reflection as she brushed her teeth, watching every movement carefully to make sure it mirrored her own. Her rational brain could not comprehend what she thought she had witnessed but her instincts were on high alert. Afraid that her own reflection would transform and threaten her again she quickly brushed her teeth and took the fastest shower in her life. Still not sure if what had happened was a dream or real, she was still petrified, either at some entity attacking her in her own home or a growing fear she was losing her mind. Literally running into her bedroom from the shower she got dressed in record time and ran out the door to work.

Hearing Jasmine rush in the front door Zeke called out from the kitchen. "Morning Sleepy head! Big night last night?"

Jasmine said nothing as she quietly started setting up chairs around the tables and generally straightening up. Coming out to investigate Zeke could tell from Jasmine's posture that something was terribly wrong. Her hair was a mess and still wet. Her clothes were wrinkled and she did not have on any jewelry, which was a first. Normally she always was perfectly put together but today she had the look of a person who had just escaped a burning building.

"You OK girl?" he called out as he came out of the kitchen. Hearing his voice Jasmine dropped the metal napkin holder in her hand and jumped.

"Jesus, Zeke, you scared me!"

Walking out into the dining room he frowned. "Really Jasmine, are you OK? You do not seem right today."

"I am not right Zeke. I am definitely not right I, I think I might be losing my mind."

"What happened?"

"I had another incident in my apartment. Either I have a ghost stalker or I need to go to the loony bin, but either way, I am definitely not right. I am scared to go home now!"

"Look Jasmine, there must be a logical explanation for this. You don't really believe in ghosts now do you?"

Seeing her now begin to cry, Zeke took her by the shoulder and held her close to his enormous chest. "It is going to be OK, really it is. What did you eat last night?"

Her eyes streaming in tears she pushed her face into his shirt. "I am so scared Zeke; I don't know what to do. This is not undigested gumbo, this was real!"

"Yes Yes, of course." He soothed. Feeling her sobs "Look, why don't you stay with me and my old lady for a few days. Just until whatever this is is, uh, out of your system. I can't help but think that these illusions will pass in time."

Looking up into his enormous round face Jasmine smiled. "Really? You would do that for me?"

"Of course!" he smiled. "You know you are more like a daughter to me than just an employee. It is obvious you are upset and while you work through whatever this issue is, you can stay with me and my old lady."

Breathing deeply Jasmine collapsed into his chest, relieved she would not have to spend another night alone in her apartment. She still did not fully understand what had happened, but she knew she was scared. As they stood alone the bell over the front door rang as the door swung open. Standing alone was Doug and for the first time ever Jasmine and Zeke saw that he was wearing a white dress shirt, black slacks and dress shoes.

"Well well now, what is all this!" Zeke asked as Doug walked inside. Looking down at his watch he smiled. "This is early for you Doug. Where are your buddies?"

"Flying solo today Zeke." He said as he sat down at a table. "I am actually meeting some people here for lunch."

Jasmine, now recovered and smoothing out her shirt smirked. "Food? You came here for food?" Looking over at Zeke she smiled. "This is a first!" Looking back at Doug she remarked "This must be some important people for you to have dressed up. In all of the years I have known you this is the first time I think I have ever seen you in a collared shirt."

"Hilarious!" Doug laughed. "Yes, these are important people. Ed and Lorraine Clearwater are meeting me here for lunch. They want to discuss the pictures I took at Gus's house the other night."

Seeing Jasmine tense up, Zeke rolled his eyes. "What? Not more Ghost bullshit! Who the hell are these people."

"Ed and Lorraine Clearwater are the original researchers in the field of the paranormal. They are actually very famous; I am surprised you have not heard of them."

Zeke remained stone faced but Jasmine's eyes grew wide. She definitely had heard of them, having seen them interviewed on Dr. Phil's Halloween special a few years earlier. They had written many books on the subject, and had even been called in as experts in a couple of more famous hauntings that she had seen documented on television. Her spine feeling a chill, she spoke.

"Why are they meeting you? What pictures are you talking about?"

"I took some amazing shots of something at Gus's house. Frankly it looks like a ghost to me and I uploaded them to their website. It was just a lark, but I thought they might be interested. I was completely shocked when Lorraine almost instantly replied back and wanted to meet with me personally."

"Well then, if we are going to have some celebrities in the house, I better use the good dishes." Zeke laughed as he went back into the kitchen. Jasmine on the other hand was frozen still.

"Let me see the picture you uploaded."

Handing his phone to Jasmine he watched her face drop as she studied the image. Sitting down on a chair she held her hand over her mouth as she stared intensely at the screen. It was definitely something he captured in the shot, and looking at it, she felt chills running up and down her spine. When Zeke came back out of the kitchen he saw Jasmine and saw the fear in her eyes. Looking over at her knowingly he spoke.

"You know; this probably explains everything Jasmine. All this goofy ghost crap started since Gus's party so everyone's mind has been on edge. The mind is an amazing thing you know, once a seed has been planted with an idea it can sprout into a full blown hallucination later."

Shaking her head, she heard his words but could not take her eyes off of the phone. As she kept staring the bell rang again as Ed and Lorraine walked into the bar.

Back at Magnolia Grove Gus was walking into his exercise room to start his morning workout. Disappointed at having another romantic tryst interrupted by his sister, he had some excess erotic energy to work off. Firing up his flat screen as he climbed onto the elliptical and began cycling through his porn collection. Seeing Angeline curled up in a ball and sleeping he said.

"So Angeline, do you want to watch "MILF attack" or "Anal Invasion" today?"

Seeing his dog yawn, he laughed. "MILF attack it is then."

Twenty minutes into his routine, he was really starting to run fast now and build up quite a load of sweat. Spurred on by the images of multiple beautiful 40 plus women floating across the screen he was very pleased with his setup. On the flat screen two very curvy brunettes had a hapless and impressively endowed twenty something tied to a workout bench and were both teasing the shit out of his dick. The man in the film was begging helplessly for relief as the two women laughed at his predicament and continuously ran their large breasts up and down his shaft. Watching intensely, Gus felt himself grow very hard as he ran, the addition of porn to his exercise routine definitely making it a more pleasant experience. He was a huge fan of bondage and S&M videos and "MlLF Attack "was one of his favorites. Watching intensely as his cock grew and the sweat poured off of his body, right when the poor boy was about to spew the screen went black.

Smacking his remote down on the elliptical Gus yelled out in frustration. "GOD DAMNIT!"

Hearing this, Angeline lazily yawned and sat up, aroused by Gus's outburst. Stretching and wagging her tail as Gus fiddled with the television, the dog suddenly turned to stare at the open door, just like she had a week earlier. This time however, Gus quickly spun around and caught sight of a dark object flash pass by the door. Hearing the creaking of the floorboards, the distinct sound of footsteps were heard in the house.

"Jasmine? Is that you?" he nervously called out, hearing only silence in return. Gulping hard, even though he was a skeptic about the paranormal, he knew this was creepy and the weird incidents in his new home was starting to build up. Walking out into the empty hallway, he stood at the top of the landing and listened intently. Hearing a light clanging in the kitchen he called out again "Jasmine, really, is that you? If it is, let me know, because you are really scaring the fuck out of Angeline and I."

Hearing the sound of the sizzling of grease on the oven and the smell of bacon starting to creep up the stairs he slightly relaxed, doubtful that either an intruder or a ghost would break into his house and prepare him breakfast. "Seriously Jasmine, I do appreciate you coming back to make breakfast, but why are you so quiet?"

Still hearing nothing, he smiled back at his dog who was still cowering in the exercise room. "Well Angeline, it appears Jasmine wants to treat us to breakfast this morning. Would you like that?"

Strangely the dog sat completely still. Normally the word "breakfast" or the smell of cooking bacon would have sent her into a fury but today she was still as a statue. Her fur was still standing up and she emitted a constant rolling growl. Picking her up he felt her shiver in his arms as they both walked downstairs.

Talking as he walked into the kitchen he said "I do appreciate you coming back. I had hoped we would be able to spend the whole day together, especially since it got off to such a good start. I tried to get off the phone with Sis but..." . Entering the room, he stopped talking in mid-sentence as he saw he was alone, only the sizzling and spitting of the bacon on the stove making any noise at all.