 Out in the backwoods of Louisiana, Marie was fast asleep in her childhood bed as Camille brought a glass of iced tea out into the living room to a visibly shaken Tony.

"So boy, just what kind of bullshit you got my daughter into now eh?" she snapped as she handed him the tall cool glass.

"I don't know what happened Mamma." He replied, referring to her as Mamma like everyone else in the parish did. "This all was a big mistake. It was just a joke that went too far."

"Joke? What Joke boy!" she growled as she sat down. Camille Duchamp was imposing as she stood over him with her arms crossed across her chest. Despite being only five foot two and almost as wide as she was tall, she was a striking figure and inspired real respect and worry in Tony. A powerful Mambo Priestess in Voodoo, few if any crossed her, and Tony had always been very intimidated by her. Knowing that she seriously disapproved of what he did for a living, and now that her daughter was obviously stricken he stuttered and stammered under her icy stare.

"You two been fucking with the dead haven't you?" she glowered as she sat down. "I done warned her and warned her not to mess with things she doesn't know anything about. Her problem is she knows just enough to be dangerous but not enough to be effective. So, tell Mamma everything. Where did this happen? She obviously was trying to speak to the dead but bit off more than she could chew. Don't make things worse on everyone by lying about it."

Gulping hard, Tony began to speak.

"It all happened at a friend's house of mine. Frankly, it was just a lark, and we didn't even really mean to do it. It, it just kind of came up at a party and for God's sake I wish we had never messed around."

"No doubt. So...who was the friend and where did this happen? This ain't no ordinary spirit that got onto her. This is something far worse, so tell me everything." Beading her eyes close together she leaned forward and stared into his eyes in an icy stare. "And don't you fucking dare leave anything out! You two done fucked up enough already, don't make it worse by lying."

"I am not going to lie." Tony said as he nodded. "There did not seem to be anything weird about the house at all really. Just a big old house up in the garden district that belongs to a friend of mine. He just bought it and we were all sitting around talking at a party and the subject of..."

"Garden district?" she interrupted, her face growing ashen. "This house would not happen to have a name would it? Like one of those old plantation houses from olden times?"

"Yes it does. Magnolia Grove. It's funny but from the outside it looked..."

"OH JESUS JESUS JESUS!!!" Camile shrieked as her worst fears were confirmed. "You two done fucked up big now!"

Back in the quarter Jasmine drunk down her second Brandy Alexander quickly as she listened intently to Lorraine and Ed. Doug was obviously morbidly fascinated about hearing of murders and death surrounding the house, and if they had been forthcoming with information she would probably have been less nervous. The fact that they seemed pensive at his questions and purposefully evasive only made her anxiety level grow higher. Each time he or Zeke asked questions they were gently rebuffed but both Ed and Lorraine kept coming back to her.

"Do you want to try him again dear?" Lorraine asked as Jasmine once again pulled out her cellphone.

"Sure, but it sure is odd. He always has his phone on him and no matter how many times I try to call or text the call keeps getting dropped."

Lorraine's slightly concerned glance over at Ed caused Jasmine to feel slightly sick. Obviously her inability to get Gus on the phone told them something sinister, but what.

"Look Jasmine, maybe the reception is bad in here. Why don't you try calling him on the landline at the bar. I know you youngsters can't live without your iwhatevers, but sometimes old tech is the best tech."

Laughing, Ed nodded and added "Good idea Jasmine. It really is important that we talk to Gus as soon as possible. Not to alarm you or anything, but it really is very VERY important and his safety might be at risk."

Standing up quickly as her blood ran cold, Jasmine walked to the bar and picked up Zeke's phone. Looking down at her cellphone she wrote down Gus's number, smiling to herself that she was obviously so dependent on the device that she did not even know his number, always calling him from her contact list. As the phone rang the hiss and pop of the static caused her hold the phone out from her ear. Ringing five or six times she was surprised that either Gus had not picked up nor had his message turned on. Shrugging she put down the phone and walked back to the table.

"He doesn't pick up."

"Keep trying dear." Lorraine said gravely. "It is extremely important."

Meanwhile down on Canal Street, Margaret's car pulled up out front of Rubenstein's Menswear shop. Rubenstein's was a New Orleans institution, dressing the elite males of the Crescent city for over one hundred years. Margaret had insisted that her husband shop there, and being the fashion plate in the family, and knowing better than trying to win an argument with his headstrong wife, he agreed. Standing in the doorway to meet her was Abe Rubenstein, the fourth generation owner of the establishment and looking every bit the part of a successfully very fashionable clothier. Dressed to the nines, his thick wavy silver hair shone in the early afternoon light and matched his cool seersucker perfectly tailored suit. Seeing Mrs. Landrieu emerge from her car, he rushed to greet her, knowing full well that pleasing a future First Lady of the state would only increase the prestige of his shop. Having dressed her husband for years, he was very familiar with the demanding nature of Margaret Landrieu.

"Mrs. Landrieu! What a pleasure as always to see you." He exclaimed in his broad warm southern accent. Kissing her hand genteelly he began ushering her into his shop. "And where is this young man you wish us to clothe today?"

Standing on the curb, looking more like a drunken frat boy than the brother of the future First Lady stood Gus. Smiling, as he saw the look of restrained horror come across Abe's face he spoke. "That would be me Mr. Rubenstein. And as should be painfully obvious to you now, I have never set foot in here before."

"Oh MY!" Abe uncontrollably gasped as he drunk in the rumpled form before him. Pressing his hand to his mouth he cleared his throat and apologized for his accidental outburst.

Laughing, Margaret placed her hand on his shoulder and smiled. "No need to apologize Abe. This boy here is a mess. That is why I brought him to you. I know you and the magic you can do can transform this lump of coal into a true diamond."

"You know I am standing right here!" Gus exclaimed, half amused and slightly insulted at his sister's commentary as he followed the two inside.

Walking into the store instantly several clerks rushed over and began to bring out tape measures and break out cloth swatches. Like a group of cooks that had just gotten a delivery of fresh meat, Gus felt his shirt being pulled from his body as he was quickly whisked back into the dressing room. Slightly put off by being quickly stripped by the overeager clerks, his sister just looked on in amusement as she was handed his clothes through the curtain.

"Hey, what is this?" Gus complained as he was marched back into the back, his pants being pulled off as he walked. "Stop!"

"Don't fuss little brother. This is all for a good cause!" she called out as she grabbed his pants from the hands of one of the clerks. Turning to Mr. Rubenstein she said "OK, let's start. I want suits, formal wear, some actual pants and dress shirts, the works! This is like Christmas!"

"Yes Madame, certainly, anything you would like." Pausing he grimaced his face and said "And uh, well I hate to ask..."

"Abe! Certainly you must know me as well as you know my husband Pete. Budget is NOT a concern. This is my baby brother in there, and if he is going to be the brother in law of the Governor he needs to look the part. Now who better than YOU to see to it that he does. Let's not belittle ourselves with talks about price."

Smiling broadly Abe popped his hand onto his mouth and called over his assistants. This would be the works and for such a prestigious client as Mrs. Landrieu, he would pull out all of the stops. Sitting down on a purple overstuffed chair she smiled as one of the clerks brought over a flute of champagne and a small silver tray of watercress sandwiches.

"Why thank you!" she said with a smile as she looked approvingly at the various suits and swatches brought forward for her approval. As she drank she heard Gus's cellphone ring and, being the type always to take charge, and unrepentantly nosy, she fished it out of his pocket and answered it.

"Hello!"

"Hello, who is this?" Jasmine asked on the other end of the line. "Is this Gus Leblanc's phone?"

"Yes it is. This is Margaret, his sister. And who might I be talking to?"

"Jasmine...we have met, Margaret. Can you put Gus on, it's important."

Looking over at the closed curtain to the dressing room and seeing two clerks taking in a pair of Italian made slacks, Margaret smirked. "Well dear, he is indisposed right now, can take a message?"

"I really need to talk to him, can you please put..."

"Jasmine, he really can't talk right now. Look, I really do want to be nice and all, but don't you think that, well, don't you think it is a bit inappropriate that you continue on like this with my brother. I mean, I know it is all fun having an open relationship and all, but isn't it time that you find someone more, you know, appropriate?"

"You mean black, right?" Jasmine snapped. "Look M-A-R-G-A-R-E-T, it is no skin off of my back, but your brother has a major problem with that house you made him buy. That place is haunted and I have a couple here that want to help. You may not think I am appropriate for him, but the fact is your precious brother is fucking some black low rent waitress and that is really HIS business not yours. I am going to hang up now, but..."

"Now now, don't get your panties in a bind Jasmine. I meant no harm. Now, what is this you are saying about a haunted house? Surely you must be kidding about that."

"I am NOT kidding at all. There is some freaky shit going on over there and two world famous paranormal investigators are here to help. Ed and Lorraine Clearwater want to meet with Gus as quickly as possible. They say he is in danger and.."

"Not those two with the show! Jesus! I can't, I mean, with the election and all. Look Jasmine, I know you mean well, but sending two publicity seeking kooks over to my brother's house is really not going to help anything. Please, let's just drop this OK."

"Margaret I really need to talk to Gus, this should be something he decides..."

"Hey Jasmine, it really was great talking to you but I have to run." Margaret icily spoke as she hung up.

"Well..." Zeke and the others asked as Jasmine stood dumbfounded with the phone in her hand.

"The bitch hung up on me!!!"

Out in the swamps of Louisiana Camille was coming unglued. "Lordy Lordy Lordy! My poor baby, oh my poor baby!"

"What! What is it Mamma?" Tony cried. "Is Marie going to be OK?"

Sitting down in her large brown leather chair she put her face into her hands and began rocking back and forth crying. "I don't know Tony, I don't know. This is bad, real bad."

"What, what is bad. Mamma you are scaring me."

"You should be scared, VERY scared. You two have fucked up big time here, messing with things you don't know about."

"I don't understand, what happened? It didn't seem that bad to me. Marie and I have been in plenty of haunted houses before. What is so different about this one?"

Reaching under her chair the white haired older woman pulled out a large fifth of bourbon and unscrewed the cap. Pressing it to her lips she took a big swig and passed it over to Tony. Shaking her head, she began to come to her senses. "It's ok, you could not have known. That place you two went to is no ordinary haunted house. It is the granddaddy of all haunted houses. Duppy central!"

"What is so different about it?"

"It is cursed."

"Cursed! How so?"

Taking another swig, she sighed as she eased back into her chair. "Two hundred years ago the master of Magnolia Grove, Antoine Laveau, took his slave named Justine as his lover. Beautiful and sexy, she was also a very powerful Mambo priestess and this was no normal master/slave relationship, but true love. For years they were happy together and lived as man and wife in the quarter."

"Man and wife? Wasn't that out of bounds back then?"

"Not really. It was quite common at that time for the spoiled sons of the rich planter class to take a separate wife in secret as long as it was not flaunted in public. These relationships could go on for years but it was expected to end once the planter married a so-called 'Proper' white woman."

"Is that what happened to Justine?"

"Sort of. Unbeknownst to Antoine, Justine was carrying their baby when he suddenly dropped her to marry the rich and beautiful Martina del Rosa. Coward that he was, he did not even face her when he broke it off. When Antoine married, Justine was devastated but she took her revenge, a terrible terrible revenge. On his wedding day she took, she took her...". Reaching over she grabbed the bottle from Tony and took another swig, pausing before she continued.

"Took what? Took what?! What happened on their wedding day?" Tony asked, the tension in his voice rising as he spoke.

"She took her baby and killed it just as it was being born. To complete her revenge, and to curse Antoine and his family for all eternity she sacrificed the fruit of their love on an altar she prepared on the couple's wedding bed. The scene was horrible, just horrible. The poor helpless infant having been ripped in two by the demon possessed Justine, it's tiny amputated hand placed in the mouth of its decapitated head placed on the center of the altar. Monstrous!!!"

"JESUS!!!!" Tony yelled as he reached over and grabbed the bottle and took a long gulp. "That is quite a story. No wonder the place is cursed." Pausing he continued "What happened to Antoine and Martina."

"Seeing this unbelievable sacrilege they were obviously both horrified but the horrors were just beginning for them. Within a year their first child was stillborn and their entire stock of cattle were dead. Disaster fed upon disaster for the couple until within two years both were dead. For decades a black fog of death hung over the house, all who lived there coming to a tragic end. Finally, Antoine's younger brother took possession of the house but only after consulting Marie's Great-great-great-great-grandmother, along with the Archbishop of the diocese. Through them a solution to the curse found."

"What was the solution?"

"The evil spirits could not be removed from the house because the house had been sanctified to Satan by Justine's ritual, but they could be contained. Holy objects from the church along with good gris-gris spirit bottles from Marie's great grandma were able to keep the demonic entity at least in check."

"The wall of rosaries!!! Now it makes sense. And behind them..."

"Was the door to the bedroom, and in it, the altar." Camille nodded.

"JESUS!!!!"