 -The character of this story is based on a real person, a 20 year-old female track/cheerleader, with an actual heart condition. The story itself is fictional, and falls under the "dark fantasy" realm of doctor and patient. Feedback is appreciated for those who enjoy. If you're not into the thriller/erotic horror genre, then perhaps this is not for you.

* * *

Kristin rode the elevator up to the fourth floor of the hospital. The cardiology wing was down the corridor to her left. She exited the elevator wearing a tight pink turtleneck, leg-squeezing black hip-huggers, and a pair of black leather calf-high fuck-me-boots. The room of her appointment was towards the end of the corridor. Cardiology.

Kristin had complained of heart problems since she became a cheerleader, although the first symptoms occurred in her days of running track. She figured it needed a closer looking at since her attacks came more frequently than normal. It was probably her diet that did it, but she needed another opinion.

The door was open and she saw me looking over her medical file. I was expecting her to show right on time, and there she was. "Hello, Kristin," I said as I noticed her tight frame through the door. "Come in, please."

"Hi, doc," she answered.

"It looks like you're here to have your heart examined." Kristin nodded. "Okay. I'll need you to remove your top. I'll wait outside and return in a few minutes." I closed the door behind me. I could not help but fantasize about that girl's tight body stripping behind the door. I felt my penis bulging as I knew this examination would be satisfying my cardiophilic fetish. Kristin would have to be mine. There was no better opportunity.

I tapped on the door and she said it was alright to come in. She was busy tying her chest length blonde hair into a pony tail behind her head. Kristin sat on the examination table in her hip-huggers and wore a tight white bra. Her chest was beautiful and her thin frame made her heartbeat visible beneath her left breast. I spotted it immediately, but I did not show my emotion of pleasure. There was definitely a way to manipulate this girl. It was her heart she was having examined, which could be potentially deadly if I didn't analyze it correctly. "Oh, Kristin, I do apologize. I can't help but notice the clothing you're wearing. The boots could cause a constriction in your feet, and your pants may inhibit the natural blood flow." I reached over and handed her a robe. "You'll have to remove those, too, I'm afraid," I said in my most sincere voice.

Kristin studied my facial expression, and when she saw no hint of deception, she nodded in agreement. I exited the room once again and closed the door behind me. I had her. She was stripping down to her basic underwear and slowly but surely becoming the victim of my fetish. I'm the doctor, how can she deny me? I smirked with sinister pleasure. I tapped the door again and the same reply came. She didn't bother putting the robe on.

As I entered the room, I shut the door behind me, cleverly locking it with my thumb. She did not notice what I had done. I held my stethoscope and approached her. She anticipated the examination. I was the cardiologist. Listening to her heart was my job. The cold stethoscope was placed on her upper chest as I held her back, and reactively she inhaled without my instruction. The cold face of the stethoscope made her chest sprout goose bumps as it sent shivers through her body. I removed the face and pressed it to her back, and she inhaled again. Her heart was beating fairly quicker than normal, but that was the case of her condition. It was hard, but weak in the valves, which caused it to work harder than the heart normally would. I finished off the exam, much to my delight, by placing the stethoscope to her apex in front. She inhaled, and her breasts lifted. I could see her tender heart beating beneath her ribcage, and to hear it was ecstasy.

"So, tell me the symptoms you have which cause you concern."

Kristin sighed. "Well, doc," she said leaning back. Her hand went over her chest and fluttered to mimic her heartbeat. "My heart starts to beat really fast. You can see it pounding through my shirt. When it gets fast, it feels like I'm choking on it." She placed her hand to her throat.

"I see."

"I've only passed out twice. Usually I can have them and you can't tell that I'm having them."

Kristin's descriptions got my juices flowing. My, how wonderful it would be to control that girl's heart. It was at that point that I made the decision to take her. I walked over to the EKG machine and turned it on, letting the old box warm up. Then I went over to the Oxygen tank and the Nitrous tank and adjusted the valves. "Okay, Kristin, lie down for me please." She obediently placed her back to the operating table, the crisp paper beneath her crunching on her weight. "I'm going to check your heart while you're at rest, so just close your eyes and relax for a little bit." Kristin closed her eyes and forced herself to breathe slowly, meditating in a way. I surprised her by placing the stethoscope back to her apex, but she knew what it was. I could hear her heart pounding deeply and slightly slower than when she was sitting up, but there was audible hesitation in her valves. "Okay, very good," I said. "Now sit up." I helped her up. She sat in her panties and bra with slightly rolled socks. Her body was thin and tight and I yearned to pound that morsel. "The next thing I want you to do is some squats and lunges to get your heart rate up a little bit."

Kristin slid off the table and stood on the ground. I watched with no expression as she did her exercises in front of me without hesitation. Outside, I showed strict professionalism. Inside, I was boiling with hormones. Luckily, she was too preoccupied with her exercises to notice my cock starting to bulge at her. "How many more?" she asked, finishing a rep.

"That will do." I walked over to her and listened to her heart again. It was much faster, and it pounded with heavy force, and the constraints on her valves were audible. Every few beats skipped, and my eyebrows rose. Kristin felt her heart skipping and she tensed with worry. "It's alright. I'm going to have you lie down again." She went to the table and resumed the position. Over at the drawers, I pulled out some contact gel. "This will be cold, but I need it to get a look at your heart." I wheeled over the ultrasound machine and set it next to the EKG machine. Without asking, I unsnapped her front clasping bra and opened it. She didn't challenge me, since I knew best. Kristin closed her eyes and let me perform my duties as her cardiologist.

I squirted the cold contact gel onto her sternum and her chest tensed, causing her tight little titties to jiggle. Her nipples erected almost immediately in response. I noticed it right away. As I spread the gel over her sternum, I purposely brushed her nipple with my wrist. It caught her by surprise, but then again, it was all part of the routine. I could feel her heart beating faster in my palm as the contact from my hand rubbing her chest seemed to turn her on. I wiped my hand clean and peeled the backings off three pads and applied them to her chest and apex. The EKG wires were then connected to each pad and within seconds the display sprang to life, showing the blips that were once the electric impulses shooting through her heart. The spikes were sharp and fast, and the small trailing edges showed minor abnormalities.

I placed the head of the ultrasound device over her chest and the screen displayed a gray pixilated image of her heart. It was a beautiful sight for me to watch. It pumped her lifeblood with such rigor. Kristin opened her eyes and looked over at it and smiled. "How's it look?"

"It looks good, Kristin. I just need to do some tests."

I grabbed the mask connected to the nitrous oxide and turned to valve on. The mask was placed to her face and she inhaled deeply. She started to giggle, but that was okay. It was only a matter of time before enough of it would make her pass out. But I didn't want her to pass out. I removed the mask when she was unable to move. Kristin was mine.

I grabbed her ankles and slid her body down to where her pelvis was even with the edge of the operating table. She didn't struggle, but knew something seemed weird. Then, I grabbed her limp wrists and placed them over her head. The operating table had restraining straps on there in case the patient convulsed. I was using it to bind her. The straps were tight around her wrists and she was immobile. Her freshly waxed armpits glistened and her breasts rose. Her heartbeat was still as calm as it was before I intoxicated her with the nitrous. One final strap went across her belly to prevent her body from moving. Kristin was beyond anyone's help and she would be my toy.

A biting bit was shoved in her mouth to gag her, and I secured it firmly. She was still too intoxicated to know what was happening. I secured the door once more and flipped a switch that illuminated a red sign: "Do not enter, exam in progress." I would be undisturbed for however long I wanted. I walked over to the counter and prepared syringes of various stimulants. The purpose was solely to get her heart to beat faster. Adrenaline mostly; but some other stimulants that cause hyperactivity as well. And of course, one to slow it down to normal, if needed.

I placed the oxygen mask back over her face and immediately she woke up. She looked down to find the position she was in and desperately tried to scream against the gag in her mouth, but it was no use. I stood over her with a sinister smile, holding one of the syringes in my hand. Her blue eyes pleaded with me as she realized the consequences of placing her trust in me. "Ah, Kristin, I believe it's time to do some tests." I placed the tip of the needle to her neck and plunged it into her jugular vein. She tensed in pain as a small drop of blood oozed out of her wound. My thumb depressed the stopper and I emptied the contents into her body.

Kristin's eyes widened as she could feel the fluid taking control of her. Her skin grew warmer as her heart quickened. Her blood vessels dilated allowing more blood to flow, which made her hot and she began to sweat. The tick-tick-tick on the EKG increased in speed, and her pulse drew closer to 100. As I let the fluids flow through her, I walked to the end of the table where her legs dangled over the side. I slipped her panties off of her hips and pulled them down her thighs and calves. I leaned forward and lightly blew on her mound, and the stimulation in her groin, along with the flow of juices through her body, caused her clit to engorge. I knelt down and placed my tongue to her clit and began to tease.

I hear a muffled moan from the head of the table and I know this turns her on since her EKG now reads over 100. I continue to tease her clit and pierce her pussy with my tongue until she moistens and dribbles her internal lubricant out of her hole. I slip a latex glove over my hand and as I suck on her clit, I insert my fingers into her pussy and swirl around viciously to rile her body up. Kristin lets out a muffled moan again and stiffly arches her back. I watch as the EKG monitor blips her heart in reaction, steadily getting faster.

I stand up and retrieve another syringe. While I'm down at her legs, I inject more stimulants into her femoral vein. The dose is high, and immediately Kristin's skin glows bright red from the blood vessel dilation. Her heart spikes up to 130 beats now, and she pants heavily through her nose to catch her breath. It'll only be a matter of time before the palpitations become fibrillations that could be lethal to her.

Kristin's body was prepared now. I stand up, my cock swollen and throbbing from the excitement her body gives me as she strains. I lean forward and ram my cock into her sopping wet pussy and begin to piston her like an engine. With each stab of penetration, I increase her heart rate more. The pumping of her ticker causes great pain in her chest, and her arms strain to reach down and grab it. I look down and see it forcefully leaping under her ribcage, only to be held down by the ultrasound machine that records the image of her straining heart.

I take the last syringe full of stimulant and drill it into her neck. That would bring her over the limit. Immediately, Kristin's heart jumped to 160. Visibly, it strained, and it beat against her sternum as if it was going to explode. Kristin's thighs squeezed against my hips over and over again as her orgasm multiplied without control. Every orgasm crushed her heart. Her arms tensed as her wrists made futile attempts to break free.

She started to choke as her heart beat so hard it swelled under her throat. Her fists grabbed her bindings tightly as she convulsed in another sharp orgasm. It was too sharp. Kristin's heart palpitated under the ultrasound. The EKG machine showed an alarm that it could not read the electrodes. The ultrasound display showed Kristin's heart fibrillating uncontrollably within her chest. As I watched the monitor, I bucked my hips faster as I was the one making this happen to her. I pumped my cock faster and harder, and each time it sent her heart into a deeper fibrillation. Kristin was choking and straining now. She bucked wildly as panted for breath.

Kristin's eyes widened as she looked into mine. The monitor showed her heart shaking furiously, expanding with each pumping. As I watched her pleading face and all the monitors attached to her, my cock exploded hot thick cum deep into her cunt.

I removed myself from her and held her cheeks as she was on the verge of passing out. "Hang on, kiddo," I said, as I injected the final syringe into her. The serum stabilized her heart, and it steadily began to slow down to normal. I removed her gag bit and placed the oxygen mask back over her face. Kristin's eyes blinked as she slowly regained consciousness. "How are you feeling?"

A bright smile painted her face as she recalled how massive her orgasms were. "I feel... amazing!" Kristin relaxed to catch her breath. As I untied her wrists, she placed her hands over her heart to feel it thumping madly against her ribs. She turned her head and watched the monitors. "So has this experience satisfied your little cardio-fetish?" she asked sweetly, with a naughty undertone.

"Most definitely," I replied, removing the wires and ultrasound. I picked up a clipboard and started penciling in some checkmarks. "Female masochist... likes doctors... bounding... and being placed into dangerous situations... Check. And how does this satisfy your fetish for being in dangerous situations?"

"You couldn't tell?" she giggled. "That was the most terrifying, but thrilling experience I've ever had!" Kristin leaned forward and pressed her lips to mine, letting a soft moan escape her throat. "Next time," she whispered, "bring me to the brink." My eyebrows rose. "I know you have defibrillators around. I trust you."

I smiled as I picked up her medical file from the counter. "Well then, Kristin, I guess I'll have to set up an appointment for the same time next week?"

"I'll be there," she grinned, slipping her clothes back on. She opened the door and stepped out, but tilted her head back in. She flashed me a wink. "My heart belongs to you, doc."