 Back at Magnolia Grove Gus stood dumbfounded in his workout room. Had he imagined what he just had seen? Was he cracking up or was this some sort of delayed reaction to some bad weed, perhaps laced with some additive from Captain Tony. Always the rationalist, Gus chose the bad weed explanation.

"Damn you Tony!" he laughed as he shook his head, the loud moans of the actress in "MILF Attack" echoing through the empty room. Flipping the TV off, he started down the hall to his room and a waiting shower. "Hot water will do me some good." He thought as he passed the rosary wall. Seeing the shards of a few dropped rosaries he stooped down and picked them up. "Damn it! Angeline could have eaten this and gotten very ill." He said to himself and he thought once again of cursing his sister for hiring maids without letting him know. Entering his room, he quickly stripped off his sweat stained clothes and walked into the bathroom.

Feeling the surprisingly cold tile under his feet he shivered as the room was unusually cold, especially considering the hellishly hot weather outside. Filling the sink with hot water so he could shave around his goatee, he smiled as once again a message was revealed in the mirror that he thought was from Jasmine.

"Amour Joues de Mile"

Feeling his cock stir, he wiped the message away. "Yeah honey cheeks!" he chuckled. "I might have to call you up for a booty call tonight." Finishing up he pulled back the shower curtain and stepped in the tub, making the water especially hot so as to cut the chill in the bathroom. Entering, he sighed as the hot jets of the shower pelted his body and he stood under the nozzle, luxuriating in the warm spray. Filling his palm with shampoo Gus began lathering up his hair as the soap ran down his face and over his chest and back.

Minutes after he began, he froze as he heard the click click click of the curtain slowly being pulled back behind him. His mind paralyzed with fear, he reached back behind him, half hoping to find a surprise visit from Jasmine, but half terrified of finding something more sinister. Quickly rinsing his eyes clear of suds he snapped his head back to see nothing but tile and steam. Exhaling loudly, he closed the open spot of the curtains.

"OK Gus." He tells himself. "You need to calm the fuck down!"

As he resumed washing his face, his blood ran cold as he felt two icy hands grip his ass cheeks. Before he could react he was violently thrown against the back wall, a heavy force keeping his face pressed hard against the tile. To his utter horror, the icy fingers began reaching around to his chest and playing with his nipples as another set began sliding down his stomach to his cock.

"Jesus! JESUS CHRIST, WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING!!!" he screamed as he struggled to push himself off of the wall. His face mashed hard against the tile, the hot water continuing to rain down over his naked body, as he flailed his left arm loose and behind him he felt no one there. Slipping in the tub as he desperately tried to get loose he fell down into the bottom of the tub. Looking up wide eyed into the empty steam, he searched hard for his invisible attacker. Trying to stand up the distinct feel of a foot pressed down hard on his face as he was pushed down hard into the floor.

His mind racing wildly as he tried to understand what was happening, Gus felt the weight of a body pressing hard against his as his head was pressed relentlessly down. Despite the horror of the situation, the distinct feel of hot wet lips closing over his cock head, and the unmistakable smell of an aroused female sex pressing against his mouth caused him to become aroused.

"Lick me!" a disembodied voice called out from the steam. "Love me with your mouth."

Closing his eyes, his rational brain began to shut down as he obeyed the voice. Tasting the sweet musky taste of feminine honey on his lips Gus groaned as the weight on top of his body grew heavier and his legs were slowly spread.

"Oh dear God, help me!" he gurgled as the shower spray filled his nose and the phantom pussy pulsated over his face. Licking and slurping like a mad man, his body was no longer under his control, physically aroused as he was mentally terrified. As he worshipped the phantom's body, the steam undulated and swirled, forming into the shape of a curvy woman as it hovered over his aroused supine body. Struggling to lift his head, it suddenly snapped free of the weight as he watched his erect penis wriggle in midair as ghostly cold lips caressed and teased his cockhead. Mustering all of his strength, he pushed up from the tub against the weight on his body. Meeting resistance, his whole body strained against the weight as he continued to lick and suck, his ears ringing as the sounds of female moaning echoed against the tile. With one huge push, the resistance gave way and he jerked up and smacked his head against the opposite wall of the tub, instantly knocking him out.

Out in the bayou, Tony continued to quiz Camille about the curse.

"So what do we do now?"

"Well boy, you must atone." She responded blankly. "I can't help you. I must stay here and protect my daughter. She is very vulnerable now and since these dark forces have been released, and she was responsible, they are going to come after her. These forces will not go quietly back into stasis."

"Vulnerable? I don't understand."

"Of course you don't. You thought all of this was just a big joke." She snapped. "For two hundred years there has been balance. Good Voodoo was on an equal footing with Bad since the dark lords had been locked up at Magnolia Grove. Now that balance has been disturbed, and since they are out, they are going to stay out."

"What are we going to do?"

"You mean, what are YOU going to do?" she responded with a sneer. "You fucked this up and you must fix it."

"I am not a Mambo! What can I do?"

"You can get in your car, drive back to New Orleans and fly to Haiti. Once there, you must seek out Master Tonton. Only with his help can balance be restored and the curse on my daughter dissolved." Looking out the window she saw the blazing sun sinking lower in the west and frowned. "Now, go quickly and get back to New Orleans before dark. Every black Mambo in the parish is going to try and stop you as you have a big red target on your ass, just like Marie." Passing him a small leather pouch on a string she placed it in his hand and closed hers over it. "Wear this, it may protect you."

Gulping hard, Tony placed it around his neck. Looking at Camille, he asked "And what about Marie, I need to take her..."

"You are not going to take her anywhere. She will be safer here. Now, go quickly. You do not want to be out in the Bayou when things get dark."

Saying nothing Tony got up and walked back out to his car. Tucking the pouch down into his shirt, he paused as he waved at Camille and he started back down the causeway to the main road. Watching his Cadillac disappear down the road, Camille sighed as she walked back inside. Walking over to a chest in the front parlor, she opened the lid and pulled out a black leather sack. Dropping to her knees, she opened the sack and held her hands over the opening.

"Oh great Goddess Yemalla, holy mother, bringer of life, protector of the young, hear the plea of your unworthy servant. Bless and sanctify this graveyard dust so that it may protect your children." As she chanted, she dug her hands into the dust and sifted the contents in the bag. Rising, she took the bag outside and began to dribble the dust into a circle around the house.

Back in New Orleans, Ed and Lorraine were back in their car headed home.

"What are you thinking Ed?" Lorraine asked as she placed her hand on his shoulder as they drove in silence. "You have been very quiet."

"Just thinking, that's all. Thinking."

Looking at her husband, she frowned as she saw the vein in his neck flared upright. They had been married for decades and she knew his body language better than her own. He was her rock and she was his, and in all of the hundreds of cases they had worked on over the years, this was the first time she saw true fear in his demeanor. Stroking the back of his neck she soothingly spoke.

"Ed, you seem unusually worked up by this case. Surely we have dealt with dark forces before and.."

"This is different Lorraine." He glumly replied. "Very very different. I feel that we are on the verge of a great struggle that has been building for a long time, like a rubber band that has been stretched too far until it suddenly snaps. Those fools have disturbed the balance of things and despite our warnings I still don't think they get it."

"True, well, I think that girl, Jasmine, she gets it."

"Yes, but she thinks she can out run this problem. That is where she is wrong. This problem is not going to go away until the battle is won." Pulling into the driveway of their suburban home, Lorraine screamed as the garage door opened. There in the middle of the garage, hanging from the ceiling was the carcass of a large adult hog, its head decapitated and blood still pouring from its neck.

Crossing himself quickly Ed grimly said "And so it begins."

Back at Jasmine's apartment, she sat in her tiny living room and gulped down another drink. Desperately trying to calm herself down she found that nothing worked better than peach schnapps and binge watching "Real Housewives of Atlanta". Feeling herself slowly warm under the effects of the schnapps and the mind rotting fun of her favorite reality tv show, she looked down at her iPhone and sighed. Wanting nothing more than to get as far away from this situation as she could, in the back of her mind she was worried about Gus. Picking up the phone, she once again dialed his number, expecting to once again be blocked but still wanting to try.

In his bathroom at Magnolia Grove Gus still lay unconscious and naked in the bottom of the tub. Angeline, mustering all of her dog courage had reluctantly run upstairs into the bathroom and desperately scratched at the side of the tub, eager to wake her master. As he groaned, the ringing of his cellphone woke him. Sitting up in the tub he gripped his forehead and moaned, the knock to his head causing waves of pain down his body.

"Holy fuck what happened!" he moaned as he sat up. Still hard, he was shocked as he looked down at his stomach and saw multiple scratches and what appeared to be bite marks on his flesh. Hearing the phone, he got up out of the tub and walked into his bedroom. Right on his heels was Angeline, whining and jumping excitedly. Picking up the phone, he smiled as he saw that it was Jasmine.

"Jesus girl, your call was good timing. I appear to have had an accident in the..."

"Gus! Thank God I got through. Are you alright? I have been trying to get ahold of you all day."

Still gripping his head, he smiled. "Yeah, I am OK. I fell down in the tub and knocked myself out! Too much weed obviously." His head now aching slightly less he continued "What do you mean you have been trying to call me? I was out with my sister and never got your call."

"Yes, well, we need to talk about your sister later, but listen. This is very important! Are you alone in the house?"

"Of course, sadly, I am." Feeling his cock stir, he smiled. "Now, you could rectify that. Want to come over?"

"Gus, we have no time for that. Listen, I met with Ed and Lorraine Clearwater today, and they say you are in danger. You must get out of that house right away."

Listening to the phone, Gus heard nothing but static. "Hello? Hello? Jasmine are you there?"

Hearing his question, Jasmine too heard static as she tried to speak into the phone. "Gus, seriously, you need to get out of the house. You need to get out now!" As she yelled into the phone the line went dead.

Irritated, Gus looked at his phone and saw that the battery was totally dead. "GOD DAMN IT!!!" he yelled as he saw the red bar. "I thought this shit was fixed!" Walking over to his chest of drawers he placed the phone into the charger and flopped down on his bed as his head started to throb again. Pulling the sheet up over his body, he laughed as he pulled Angeline up onto the bed. Seeing his tiny dog shivering and shaking he pet her head.

"What is it girl? You miss Jasmine too? Well, once the phone is charged up I will call her back." Laying down on the bed he quickly fell asleep as the pounding in his head began to abate.

"Gus! GUS! Are you there? GUS!!!" Jasmine yelled into the static filled receiver. Tossing her phone down on the coffee table she felt her stomach flutter. Her instinct was to hide, realizing that true evil was at work, but part of her was restless. Trying to call again, the continuous ringing of the phone told her that the call was blocked. Turning back to the TV she tried to put it out of her mind but could not. After ten minutes more of the girls of Real Housewives, three more attempts at calling Gus and a swig or two more of the warm sweet peach schnapps, Jasmine stood up and sighed.

Putting on her shoes, she grabbed her purse and headed to the door. She could not leave Gus unaware and although her stomach was jittery with fear she knew she had to try and reach him. If he could not be reached by phone she would have to go to Magnolia Grove in person. Terrified and wanting nothing more than to curl up with her drink and trash tv, she opened the door and headed outside. "Damn you GUS!!!" she cursed under her lips as she walked down the steps of her apartment building and out onto the street.

Across town, Zeke was tending bar and giving Doug another shot of bourbon. "So Zeke, you going to go with me over to Gus's later tonight? That was some freaky shit the Clearwater's were talking about earlier was it not?"

Pouring the drink, Zeke smirked. "You fuckers are all out of your mind. Look, I was trying to be polite to the old couple, and I know they have a big following, but you can't really take all this demon shit seriously can you?"

"Oh I certainly do!" Doug cried as he tossed down his shot. "There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy."

"Who the fuck is Horatio?"

"You really are a Philistine Zeke."

"Being in the restaurant business will cure you of any belief in the supernatural." He joked. "Nothing this bad could be part of a grand scheme."

Looking around Doug grinned as he saw the bar was largely deserted. "Yeah, I guess I can see that. Kind of slow tonight isn't it?"

"Yeah. Good night for Jasmine to take off."

"Well, she was pretty freaked out. I on the other hand find the whole thing very fascinating. Personally, I can't wait to get back and investigate a bit on my own."

Looking at him wryly, Zeke leaned on the bar. "Look Doug, I think the whole thing is bullshit, but. Aren't you a bit put off by the warnings of Ed and Lorraine. I mean, if I DID believe all this stuff then I would probably react like Jasmine, not you. I am not one to stick my head into situations where I could be put into danger for no reason."

Laughing, Doug nodded as he drank another drink. "I guess my curiosity is greater than my fear. Well, anyway, I think I might take a trip out to..."

Right as he started to speak the door opened and both Zeke and Doug turned to see who was coming inside. Seeing the three gorgeous women stroll inside, Doug sat up straighter on the stool, the soft curves of their bodies instantly lighting a flame of desire deep inside his body.

Looking over at the two guys at the bar, the gorgeous redhead, the obvious leader of the three winked.

"What does a girl have to do to get a drink in this place?"

Out in Saint Bernard's parish, Lorraine quietly said the rosary as her husband cut down the grisly cadaver from their garage. Her voice shaking, she watched as he struggled with the enormous blood splattered pig carcass. "Ed, I think we should call the police. Someone obviously has broken in."

"No, no police. The police cannot help us."

"But, this is a warning Ed. The people who did this might come back."

"Yes, it is a warning, but this is beyond the police. There is only one person to call now; Father Aviles."