 Sitting up on the edge of his seat, Tony struggled to keep the car on the road. Despite being the middle of summer, a thick fog had rolled in over the bayou and the normally slow drive through the back roads of the swamps now had turned glacial. Turning his high beams on, sweat poured down his face as his eyes glared intensely at the road. He still could not get his head around the events of the past 48 hours. Only two days earlier he and his girlfriend were at a party at the house of one of his oldest friends, not a care in the world. Now he was driving blind through the fog in a swamp while his girlfriend was seemingly possessed by spirits and subject to supernatural attack. All of this happening while he tries to get back to New Orleans to fly off to Haiti for help. Shaking his head, he had to admit this was a crazy turn of events.

Despite the oppressive heat outside the car, Tony felt a significant chill inside. Now with the sun having set, the endless swamps of Louisiana appeared to suck all life and light out of the air, the high beams of his Cadillac barely cutting a path to follow through the thick mist. Peering intensely straight ahead, he jumped when he saw lights coming up the road behind him. This was a very desolate stretch of road and few if any cars ever passed and almost never at night. Driving on, his eyes continuously flitted up to the rear view mirror to see the lights growing closer and closer as he pressed forward. Turning into a patch of road covered by thick Spanish Moss and huge cypress trees, he shuddered when he noticed the lights suddenly were gone. Knowing that there were no places to pull over and being miles from the nearest house, the mysterious disappearance of the lights were more disturbing than their discovery. Looking forward he immediately slammed on his brakes as he saw a large white object laying in the middle of the road.

Stopping the car his heart raced as his headlights illuminated the image, looking like a shroud covering a body blocking his way forward. Leaving the car on, he put the gear in park and set the brake as he slowly opened the door to go investigate. Regardless of his misgivings he knew he would have to move the object in order to move forward. Slamming the door shut, he turned to walk towards the object but stopped. The shroud was gone.

Back at Camille's house she paced as the moans and babbles of her daughter echoed through the house.

"My Baby! SACRE MADRE My baby!" she screamed as her mother prepared a bowl of water in the kitchen for a purification ritual. Saying a small Voodoo prayer over the water she cracked an egg over the water and flinched as the bloody yoke poured into the bowl. A bigger chill ran up her spine as from miles away she heard drums begin pounding. Endlessly repeating a pattern that was familiar to her but had not been heard for many years. These were calls to the great dark Goddess Ezulrie and hearing them, and seeing the blood in the bowl, she knew that the dark forces were on alert and were going to come for her daughter.

"Help me Yemalla, help your servant. Send your spirit of protection over this house!" she cried as she dipped a feather into the bloody water and began to sprinkle the gory liquid over her head.

"WHAT THE FUCK!!!" Tony yelled at the empty road his mind not able to fathom what had just happened. Hearing drums off in the distance, he shivered as he quickly got back into the car. Putting the Cadillac back into drive he drove faster now through the narrow roads, regardless of the danger of driving off the causeway. Every neuron in his brain firing on all cylinders, his whole body tight as a drawn arrow, he slightly began to relax as he saw the lights from the main highway off in the distance. Only a few more miles and he would be back on the main road and the trip home would be much easier. Relaxing slightly out of the corner off his eye he spotted a movement in his rear view mirror.

Looking up straight now his eyes grew wide and he lost control of the car. There in the back seat was the shroud, only now it was sitting up straight in the back seat.

"HOLY MOTHER FUCKER!!!!" he shrieked as he rammed his Cadillac straight into an enormous Cypress tree, barely clipping it but still avoiding running into the water. Desperate to get loose of his seatbelt he scrambled as the shroud began to unravel and the pale blue/green face of the female occupant was revealed. Now with her head uncovered, her eyes suddenly popped open and froze Tony into place in total abject horror. Staring into the watery lifeless eyes he could only babble as she spoke.

"Do not fuck with the dead Captain Tony!" the specter hissed as she leaned forward over the front seat with a menacing malicious smile. His mouth wide open in terror, Tony felt the door of the car give way and he fell out onto the muddy ground.

Back at Zeke's Doug could not believe his luck. "So, are you going to buy us a drink?" the redhead asked as he stuttered and stammered.

"S-Sure, uh, what would you gals like?"

Giggling she turned to her two equally gorgeous friends. "Well girls, it looks like this nice man will quench our thirst. What do you all want?"

The brunette, curvy and dressed in a form fitting red dressed licked her lips as she ran her long fingers up his forearm. "What are you drinking?"

"Uh, Bourbon..."

"Then set us up bartender!" the blonde member of the threesome said with a wink. "Nothing like a hard drink with a hard man. I mean, you are a hard man right?"

"I bet he is now!" Zeke laughed as he poured three shots.

Doug could barely speak as his mouth salivated. Not a bad looking guy, he was certainly not used to such unexpected feminine attention, especially from women this hot. Lifting his glass, the four all clinked as they downed their shots.

"Mmmmmmmm... Nice and burny! Perfect for a hot night like this. Right?" the redhead said as she sat down on the other side of Doug. "My name is Angelique and these are my friends Daniella and Sabrina. Thanks for buying us a drink." Gently stroking his thigh, she added " And what pre-tell is YOUR name?"

"D-Doug!" he blurted out as he caught a whiff of her intoxicating perfume. He could not believe it. These girls were all absolutely painfully gorgeous and for the first time in his life, it appeared they all were interested in him. "So, you gals decided to go out alone tonight?"

"Yeah" answered Daniella the brunette who sidled up to the other side of Doug and began running her nails up his back. "We were all getting kind of bored tonight and thought we might go out looking for a little adventure. Do you like adventure?"

"Absolutely!!!" Doug blurted. His mouth twisted into a horny grin he motioned to Zeke for another round. "What are you gals up for?"

"Oh, something hot." Angelique answered.

"Probably nothing related to ghosts or demons I bet!" Zeke interjected, grinning at the death rays shooting out of Doug's eyes.

"Oh?" Daniella smiled as she heard Zeke speak. "We might. We all just love all that spooky stuff."

Laughing, Zeke punched Doug on the shoulder and smiled. "Well gals, Doug here is your guy. It just so happens that we were all having quite the supernatural discussion right when you came in. Doug here was about to rush off on some Demon hunting crusade before you arrived and..." looking over at Doug glaring at him he added "something obviously distracted him."

"Oh Yesssssss!" Sabrina purred as she tousled Doug's hair. "Nothing gets us hotter than spooks."

Gulping Doug downed another drink as Angelique spoke. "So Doug, you up for some spookin? I know we are." Winking at her friends she continued. "See, I told you tonight would be a good night for an adventure." Placing her hand on the back of his neck she glared deeply into Doug's widening pupils. "So Dougy... we are definitely up for a ghostly adventure, but are YOU?"

Laughing, Zeke added "Oh, I can answer for him. He is definitely UP for an adventure now."

Doug smiled and fidgeted on his stool. He definitely was up for an adventure and these three Goddesses had little Doug up for a horizontal adventure. Downing another drink the four left the bar arm in arm as Doug's head spun in disbelief at his sudden unexpected fortune. Walking out onto the street Angelique walked over to her vintage 1967 blue Chrysler imperial convertible. Looking back at Doug she smiled.

"Why don't we take my car."

Meanwhile on the streetcar heading into the Garden district, Jasmine grew more nervous as each street whizzed by. Every instinct in her body told her to rush back home but her love for Gus drove her on. Seeing the streets open up as the swankier Garden District came into view her dread grew. Originally it had been crowded on the streetcar but now as it reached the end of the line the crowd grew more sparse. Two stops away from Chestnut street, and her stop, the doors opened and an ancient woman climbed up the stairs. Stooped over from advanced age, Jasmine was surprised when the woman chose to sit right next to her rather than any of the other seats, all of which were open.

Saying nothing, the two sat in silence as the trolley doors closed and began to rumble down the track. Jasmine looked over at her surprise seat partner and smiled as she appeared to be very old, and surprisingly, very oddly dressed. Despite the temperature being well over ninety degrees outside she was dressed more for winter than summer. Her hair covered in a red checkered handkerchief and wearing an ankle length grey overcoat, the heat appeared to have no effect on this mystery woman. Saying nothing, the old woman's face was obscured by a scarf wrapped tightly around her mouth.

Stretching her hand up to ring the bell to stop, Jasmine stood up as she got ready to exit. Jumping as a leathery cold wrinkled hand gripped her wrist she snapped her head around to glare at the old woman.

"Don't mess with things that don't concern you Jasmine! Just go home."

"What? Who are you? How do you know my..."

"Trust me Jasmine, you don't want to go into Magnolia Grove ever again. You don't want that spirit in your mirror to come back do you?"

Her face twisted in terror, Jasmine quickly retracted her hand from the old woman and stared at her in disbelief. Now that her face as uncovered she could see her much more clearly. She was not just old but ancient, deep furrowed lines dug deep all over her face. Her hair was covered by her handkerchief, but her eyes were the most soul chilling. They were solid black, all pupil and no white at all. Feeling the trolley come to a stop, the bell rang and the door opened. Staring deeply, almost trancelike, into her mystery guest Jasmine was shaken loose from her stupor by the trolley driver.

"Well Ma'am, are you getting off or what?"

The old woman smiled as she nodded. "Yes Jasmine, are you getting off or staying on? Gus don't want you no more. He found another."

"HOW DO YOU KNOW MY NAME!!!" Jasmine angrily barked as the lone woman sat silently and smiled.

"Look Lady, if you have been drinking or are on drugs you need to get off my Trolley NOW!!!" the driver yelled as he looked back at Jasmine.

"I am sorry, but this woman here has been following me and I need to know how she knows what she knows."

"You are crazy lady. What woman are you talking about? We are the only ones here."

Whipping her head around towards the seat Jasmine felt her stomach drop as she saw that no one was there. The driver was correct, they were alone. Her body shaking and mind reeling she quickly scrambled out of the trolley onto the sidewalk.

Back at Magnolia Grove Gus slept deeply in the middle of his large king sized bed. To his side, curled up in a little ball slept Angeline, having finally mustered the courage to come upstairs. Opening her eyes, she growled as the temperature dropped in the bedroom and the door to the hallway slowly opened. Peering into the dark, her growls turned to a whimper until she heard the squeaking of her toy. Jumping off of the bed, she gingerly padded out into the hall to investigate. Downstairs the squeaking grew louder and, wanting to play more than being scared, she ran downstairs. Seeing her pink rubber pig laying in the laundry room when she trotted in to grab it, the door slammed shut and locked behind her.

His body curling up as it grew colder, Gus slowly awoke and rubbed his eyes to adjust to the dim light. Looking into the hall, he jumped but then smiled.

"Well well!" he said. "Did you stop by for a booty call girl?" Licking his lips, he sat back on the headboard and felt his cock begin to stir. There in the gloom stood Jasmine, completely naked and looking sexier than he ever remembered her ever looking. Rubbing her left hand up her thick lickable inner thigh while tweaking her right nipple with her free hand, the look of intense lust in her glowing eyes was almost unsettling.

"Oh yes boy. You are going to serve me and serve me well." She sighed as she sashayed into the room and crawled onto the foot of the bed. Spreading her legs, the scent of her arousal instantly perfumed the room and Gus started to lean forward to take her. Stretching out her right foot, she placed her sole on his nose.

"Not so fast slave." she giggled. "You must worship your mistress first."

Grinning as he grew even harder, he gently began kissing up her foot and taking her big toe in his mouth. Her skin was smooth and cool, like iced silk and he grew dizzy as his tongue caressed her flesh. Feeling her free foot wriggle under his balls, he thought he would pop as her chilled toes began slowly scratching and tickling his testicles.

Back at the rectory of Saint Louis Cathedral, the ringing of the phone shattered the silence of night.

"H-Hello?" Father Leo Aviles croaked as he struggled to wake up. He had had a very busy day, Mass at seven am, several visits to shut ins, confessions all afternoon and writing on his book after dinner until he fell asleep. At thirty-five he was the youngest parish priest of the centuries old Cathedral in New Orleans history and his appointment had created quite a stir. Dark and fit, no end of teenage female parishioners fantasied about testing the bounds of the handsome young priest's vow of chastity since he had been appointed by the bishop three years early. Devout and committed, Father Aviles resisted numerous tests of his vows and attended to his priestly duties diligently. Separating Father Aviles from his other priestly brothers was his interest in, and expertise on demonology. Having specialized in the subject at seminary, he was the only certified exorcist in the south.

"Father Aviles, sorry for waking you, but this is an emergency."

"Ed? Is that you?"

"Yes." Hearing Ed Clearwater's voice on the line Father Leo's blood chilled. Having known Ed and Lorraine Clearwater for years, and having cooperated with them on a few cases, he knew that a call from him was serious and not just a social call.

"I am afraid we are going to need your special services Father Aviles. This time however, this will be a big fight. The evil we are dealing with here has been bottled up for years and now has been released."

"What are we dealing with Ed? A demonic infestation? A curse?"

"A full blown manifestation, and, I believe we are in danger."

"Oh? Surely YOU are not worried about dealing with the forces of the dark since you and your wife have been fighting this battle for decades."

"Yes, but this time is different." Looking down at his blood stained hands, still covered with the grisly remains of the pig carcass in the garage he shivered. "The demons obviously have human agents working on their behalf. I have gotten a pretty direct warning draining out in my garage, so this is no ordinary haunting or possession."

"I see. I will be right over." Father Aviles answered flatly on the phone. Sitting up in the bed he looked at the small brass statue of Saint Michael and smiled. "With your help, and God's, no force can withstand us."

Out in the bayou the drum beats around Camille's house grew louder as she continued to pace the floor. Walking up the stairs of her house, the sounds of Marie's fitful moans caused her to wince. Her poor child, the fruit of her womb was suffering and it was all because of the family inheritance of psychic gifts. Marked by the interaction with the demon, Marie was a target for all of the restless dead. Pulled from their graves by the glow of her aura, she knew that until Tony was able to get Master Tonton to perform the cleansing ceremony, she would have to maintain a constant vigil. The dead, now aroused, would not rest until either put to sleep by the ceremony or bathed in the blood of her child. Walking into her room, the sight of her writhing on the bed, bathed in sweat was disturbing. More disturbing still was the tiny soft sound of a whisper coming from the window.

"Marieeeeeeee, Marieeeeee!"

Looking towards the window Camille was chilled by the sight. Out across the tall field of grass, right on the edge of the swamp a mist had formed and was quickly encircling the house. Swirling and glowing, the mist formed human-like shapes before dissipating back into a formless fog.

"We can smell her! Give her to us! Let us bathe in her blood!" the voice, now joined by others called out.

"Mom! Mom! Who is it?" Marie called out as she was woken from her sleep by the noise.

"Hush now, sleep. You need sleep." Camille said bravely, placing her hand on her daughter's head and wiping away the sweat that was pouring off of her brow into her eyes.

"Who is out there?"

"Visitors dear. Nothing to be concerned about. I placed the house under protection. They won't get in."

"Visitors?" Marie answered, now sitting up in bed and regaining her composure. "Who would come all the way out here? Especially to see me!"

Looking down at her daughter she saw her aura continued to pulse and glow, acting like a beacon radiating out like radar, calling all of the spirits in the area to come forth. Attracted by her presence, the dead, acting like ravenous animals had to advance. Driven by a desire to feast on the presence of Marie, nothing would stop them until the curse was lifted.

Looking up from her bed at her mother, and now clearly hearing the roar of hundreds of voices calling her name Marie shook. "What will happen if they get in? I recognize the sounds of spirits, but have never heard them this worked up before."

"We must make sure they don't get in." Camille answered flatly.

"How long can we stay here? If they can't get in that also means, we can't go out. Your protective circle isn't that big."

"Well, I suggest you pray. Pray that your boyfriend is successful on his quest."

"TONY!" Marie cried as she sat up stiff in bed. "Where is he?"

"Hopefully well on his way to the airport by now." Camille answered.

As Marie sat up, miles away in the mud of the swamp Tony crawled out of the muddy bog. Seeing his car steaming out radiator fluid from the crash into the cypress tree, he yelled.

"OH FUCK!!!! I just made my last payment on that!"

Shaking his head clear, the events of the past few minutes came streaming into his mind like a flood. Shooting up to his feet, he looked down at his body, and although filthy and covered in the dark muck of the swamp, he appeared relatively unhurt. His spine tingling from the memory of the phantasm in the car, he looked to the left and saw the lights of the main highway around four hundred yards in the distance. Opening the door to his crippled vehicle, he took out his keys, and a bag of weed, and started walking towards the main road. He would have to send a tow truck back for the car later, but remembering Camille's words, and his own supernatural attack, he knew his main priority was to get to Haiti and release Marie and himself from the curse. Walking for twenty minutes through the dark, and stumbling often over thick underbrush, he was relieved when he got to the main road. Now at least he might have some luck flagging down a car.
