 "Well... Are you going to let me in?" Jasmine asked the incredulous staring Gus. Pushing her way inside, she was breathing heavily. Shaking slightly, she touched Gus's shoulder. "We have much to talk about."

His mouth open in disbelief, Gus scrambled to make sense of what he was seeing. Mere seconds earlier he and Jasmine had been upstairs making love and now she was standing at his front door, fully dressed, and acting like they had not just been horizontally engaged. Struggling to speak, Jasmine looked at him oddly.

"What is it babe? You look like you have seen a ghost." She purred as she stroked his face. Feeling the tell-tale texture of feminine juices in his beard and as she sniffed, recognizing the strong odor of pussy on his face she grew angry. Now crossing her hands over his chest, she growled.

"So? Did I interrupt something, fucker?"

His mind now clear he shook his head rapidly. "Jasmine, how in the hell did you get outside so quickly. I mean, JESUS, what did you go out the window or something?"

"Do you think I am just another dumb slut you like to bang Gus? What are you talking about? I can smell pussy all over you, and here I was... JESUS I am so fucking dumb."

Reaching out for her he gripped her shoulders and said "Jasmine honestly, what kind of sick game are you playing here. We were just having sex upstairs and now you are outside acting like you have not been over here tonight. What are you doing???"

Screaming at the top of her lungs, Jasmine resisted his hands resting on her shoulders. Choking back tears she turned and stormed out the door. As she reached the bottom of the front porch steps she looked back, tears streaming down her face. "Go fuck yourself GUS, and go fuck that whore upstairs. I wish you all the luck in the world in this great house you bought. You are going to need it you bastard!"

Watching Jasmine stomp away, Gus was shocked. He could not imagine what this was all about, one minute having sweet sweet sex with his girlfriend and then the next being accused of cheating, ironically using evidence of their own tryst as proof of his infidelity. Standing open jawed in his open door, his erection now gone, the sound of scratching and whining caused him to spin back towards his kitchen. Following the noise, he reached the door of the laundry room and opened it, his frantic and panting dog shooting out like a rocket.

"How on earth did you get locked up in there again girl?" he asked as he scooped the terrified animal up into his arms. "Well, let's go to bed. It has been one fucked up day." Walking upstairs with Angeline under his arm he felt her shiver as they came closer to his bedroom. Laying her down in the bed he slipped under the covers and petted her head. "Well babe, I am sad to say this but you are the most stable female in my life."

Whimpering and panting as he pet her head, she snuggled up against his back as he fell asleep. Eyeing the bathroom door warily, she lightly growled as she thought she saw a shadowy figure peering back at the two of the in the darkness.

Across town inside Saint Louis Cemetery, Doug Schone was literally pinching himself at his good fortune.

"Holy fuck, holy fuck, holy fuck!!!" he kept chanting as he watched the most erotic scene he ever had witnessed performed before her eyes. The three beauties, only looking more alluring as their naked bodies were bathed in the silvery glow of the moon now were appearing to ignore Doug as they ran their hands all over each other's bodies. Seemingly possessed by an intense burning desire that had overwhelmed their reason, Sabrina and Angelique hungrily devoured each other's mouths as Daniella kissed her way down Sabrina's back and playfully bit her ass. His cock harder than it had ever been in his life Doug began walking forward eager to join in.

"Stop right there boy! If you want to join in the fun, you need to do us a big favor."

Literally salivating at the thought of enjoying the three women, Doug could not speak but only nod.

Seeing his cock nod along with his head the three girls giggled.

"Well, he certainly seems open to being helpful." Sabrina cackled as the other two continued to giggle. Jumping up on the above ground crypt of Justine, she held out her foot and pointed at Doug as the other two women joined her. The crypt had been obviously well tended for years as hundreds of red X's had been drawn over the entire surface. Long revered as a Voodoo high priestess for generations, her grave was a strong draw to the cemetery and was one of the reasons that the gates were locked at night.

Standing in front of them, Doug was bleary eyed with lust, wanting nothing more than to bury his cock deeply in each of them, one after another. All of his senses on fire, he knew this was a precarious situation and he was eager not to screw it up. As he walked closer, Sabrina stopped him in his tracks by placing her foot onto his chest and slowly running her silky soles down his stomach before gripping his cock with her toes.

"Now boy, if you want to enjoy our charms, you need to prove you are worthy of our lovin." Doug nearly fainted with lust as Daniella and Angelique now began to add their toes to the assault on his body. "So, are you willing to do whatever we say?"

"ABSOLUTELY!!!" he yelled, the words exploding out of his mouth like a bomb.

"Good!" Sabrina smiled as her face twisted into a smirk. Running her foot back up his body she placed her foot on his head and pressed down. "Now, kneel before your Goddesses."

Instantly Doug complied, dropping to his knees hard and wincing at the pain it caused.

"Now, with his cock, draw a circle with your tip in the dust." Daniella said, cupping her mouth with her hand to stop from snickering. Unquestioning the bizarreness of the request, Doug squatted down and with his right hand directed his iron hard cock like a stylus over the soft dusty ground. Fearing that he looked so stupid that the whole deal would be ruined he was relieved when the circle was finished and he knelt back in the center, the obvious look of pleasure on the three women's face indicating he had done as they wished.

"Very good initiate. Very good!" Daniella purred as the others licked their lips. Running her foot up his chest, when her toes passed over his quivering lips she smiled even larger as he instinctively puckered them and began to kiss. "Oh yes, very very VERY good! You learn quickly."

"He certainly does. Now, before you prove your sexual worth to us, by pleasuring us with your tongue, we need to know that you are truly committed to learning the ways of the dark. No man who does not pay homage to our dark lord will ever be able to enjoy our bodies."

His head spinning as he knelt nude and throbbing before them, he eagerly nodded his agreement to whatever they might demand.

Leaning forward and tweaking his right nipple Sabrina winked. "Well girls, I think he likes the idea." Reaching down to run her fingers up and down his erection, she smiled. "Yes, he likes it very much. So, are you ready to take the pledge?"

"Absolutely! What do I have to do?"

Leaping down from the grave, the girls all circled Doug as he continued to kneel. Bringing his head close to her hip, Sabrina grinned as she ran her fingers through his hair and saw his cock pulsating in the moonlight. Doug was mesmerized. Feeling her cool skin against his cheek, the warm sweet whiff of her moist sex wafting into his nostrils, he would have agreed to anything to have her and the others at that moment. Petting him like a puppy, she spoke.

"Now Doug, you are a good student. Now, as you stroke yourself, repeat this mantra. Oh Lord Azmodeus to thee I offer my spirit and my soul."

As he began to slowly masturbate, Daniella hissed into his ear. "And don't you dare cum!"

"No, you must save that for later." Angelique added.

Chanting as he stroked, Doug felt very dizzy. The whole surreal atmosphere of jacking off naked in front of three gorgeous women in the middle of a cemetery at night gave him an incredibly odd feeling but this was different. Sensing a door opening in his mind, he felt a strange hot rush surge through his body, causing his whole body to shake and convulse. Although still aware of his circumstances he no longer felt solely in control of his body, his hand seemingly operating by a force outside of his body. Despite these sensations he still was focused singularly on bedding the three women, his hand teasing his cock mercilessly as he struggled to hold back the flood of sperm damming up in his balls. Stopping when he grew too close finally Sabrina reached down and took his hand off of his penis.

"I think that will do." Pushing him backwards with her foot, he fell back flat on his back as she stood towering over him, her gushing pussy looming above him begging for his tongue. Looking up at her face from between her feet, framed spectacularly over her beautiful dangling breasts, her now solid shining black eyes looked down at him with a hungry desperate look that almost frightened him. Squatting down onto his face, she pulled his hands up to massage her breasts as she poured her sweet honey onto his mouth. Wetter than any woman he had ever been with in his life, he ravished her sex like a wild man. As he felt her body respond to his attentions, his cock jerked as he felt the two hot tongues of Angelique and Daniella begin to slowly twirl over his cock head. Lost in the powerful aphrodisiac of an aroused woman's honey, time had no meaning as each girl took a turn on his mouth. Never brought to orgasm himself, he serviced the three women all night and as the sky began to brighten as dawn approached, Sabrina rolled off of his face, having had many rides on his lips for hours.

Stroking his pussy saturated face with her hand she purred "Oh baby, you have done well tonight. Now that it is dawn, sadly, tonight's festivities will have to end."

Sitting up on his elbows, he looked down at his angry red cock and back at the girls giggling as they lay back up against the grave. All three were drenched in sweat, having been serviced by him all night. He looked at them pleadingly for his long anticipated sexual relief and they looked at each other knowingly.

"Now now, we have not forgotten about your needs." Angelique added as she lazily stretched her toes under his balls and felt how tight they were. "Tonight, we are going to give you the experience of a lifetime. You have served us, and our lord Azmodeus, extremely well last night and tonight, if you provide one more small service for us, you shall have your reward."

Standing up the girls winked and began running towards the front gates. Seeing them run off in the purple tinted dawn he leapt up and chased after them. "Wait, wait!!!" he cried in the silence of the pre-dawn hour as they only ran faster and continued to look back at him and laugh. Reaching the wall, he caught up with them as they started getting dressed again. Watching in disappointment as their beautiful bodies were covered, Sabrina kissed him deeply and whispered in his ear.

"Meet us tonight at nine pm at Magnolia Grove. If you can get us inside, you are going to get the fucking of your life!"

Almost ill with horniness, when Daniella leaned over and kissed the tip of his cock he almost shot his load right then. Gently squeezing his balls in her hand she said "And make sure to keep these nice and full for us Doug. You have a lot of gardens you are going to need to plant with that seed."

Back at Magnolia Grove Gus moaned as his cellphone rang and shattered the stillness of the early dawn. Angeline, still laying tight against her master yawned and sneezed, her fur ruffled as she looked irritated by the interruption of her sleep. "He-Hello?!" he groggily answered, his voice hoarse and gravely as he struggled to wake.

"Morning Baby Brother, it's Margaret. Remember, tonight is the night of the big party."

Bleary eyed he struggled to focus on the time on his phone. "What the fuck time is it?"

"WOOF!" she snaps back laughing. "Still not a morning person I see. It's six thirty."

"Six thirty, why are you waking me up..."

"I called because I want you to meet me for brunch that's why. Pete asked me to ask you for some help."

Now laughing, Gus sat up straight in bed. "Pierre needs my help? This ought to be good. What on earth could he need my help on?"

"Just come out to the club OK? And for my sake, wear one of the new outfits I got you. Please don't embarrass me by looking like a bum like you usually do."

"You know Sis, as a wakeup call service, you suck!"

"Just be there at 10 AM, you know where it is, right?"

"Yes."

"Maybe you should wear your new white..."

"Margaret!" Gus snapped in frustration. "Don't worry. I will be properly yuppified for your club."

"Good boy! See you at ten."

Putting the phone down, Gus lay back on the bed and sighed. Looking over an Angeline he patted her head. "I guess we aren't going to get to sleep in today after all." Looking up at the ceiling, the patterns of the outside trees painted wild patterns in pinks and purples on the high ceiling. Looking for the motivation to get up the phone rang again.

"Look Margaret, I won't be late!" he barked into the phone as he answered.

"Gus! This is Doug."

"Doug, oh, sorry. I thought you were my sister. Hey, what are you doing up so early?"

Doug, his voice shaking I excitement spoke quickly into the phone. "Man you would not fucking believe what happened to me last night. HOLY GOD, single hottest night of my life, there were these three girls and..."

"Doug I am sure that is great, but it is early..."

"Yeah, sorry. Look, I have a big favor to ask. Do you mind if I stop by tonight around nine pm. These girls they, well, let's just say your haunted house has made them very very hot..."

"Hey, sorry about that but no can do. I am going to be out tonight. I have this big shindig I have to attend for my sister."

"OH FUCK NO! Please man, please help me not blow this. They wanted to come over tonight and see..."

"Hey, no problem man. Remember our motto, Bros before Hoes. I will leave my spare key out under the black brick on the front porch. You can bring your female visitors by and hopefully get lucky. Sorry I can't participate as it sounds like quite the evening."

"Gus you are the fucking MAN! I owe you big."

Looking at the dawn light in his bedroom Gus nodded as he laughed. "Yes, you certainly do. All I ask is don't trash my house while I am out."

"You bet. Thanks again man, you are a life saver."

Turning back to Angeline on the bed, Gus ruffled up her fur around her ears. "Well babe, it seems we might as well get up. It is like Grand Central Station around here." Stepping off of the bed he walked into the bathroom and began shaving. Seeing the steam rise onto the mirror, once again the French message "Love you Honey Cheeks" appeared. Frowning, he wiped the message away. "I have had enough of Jasmine drama. It is time to move on."

Across town at Ed and Lorraine's house, Ed was up early and in the shower. With images of the threat against his wife flashing in his head constantly, he knew he needed protection. Demons and ghosts were one thing, but now he feared the living as well as the dead. Holy water won't stop a human attacker but bullets certainly will. Coming out of the shower and dressing, he sniffed the air and smiled as the familiar odor of sizzling sausages wafted into their bedroom. Walking into the kitchen, he smiled as he saw Lorraine, still dressed in her light pink bathrobe standing over the stove.

"Well, you certainly are up early. I thought I would make us a nice breakfast."

Cupping his hand around her waist he lightly kissed her neck "I love you so much Lorraine. You will never know how much."

"Well well! If I had known sausages would inspire this reaction, I would make them every day." Flipping the links over in the pan she turned back to Ed. "So what is the plan about Magnolia Grove. What did Father Aviles say?"

"He said we need to be invited. I thought that today we could call Doug Schone back and see if he can arrange to have us meet the owner. I don't think he realizes just how dangerous this situation is."

"No, I don't think he does. I have seen his kind before; dabblers. A lot of problems come from dabblers."

"Yes, kind of like playing around with nitro glycerin, you never know when it will go off." Ed added. "Hey, I have to go downtown today to, well, to pick up some stuff. While I am out why don't you give Doug a call and try to set something up for tonight or tomorrow night."

"Will do babe, will do." She answered. Looking at her husband's face as she served up breakfast she paused. Having been married for over forty years she knew his every expression and could tell he was extremely worried. Touching his hand, she comforted him. "It will be OK Ed, we have dealt with worse."

"Yes, I know it will be OK, but I don't think we have dealt with worse."

Out in the swamps, Camille DuChamp woke up on her couch. Seeing the morning light streaming through her big picture windows she sighed in relief. In the day the house would be much safer, the hungry dead much more sedate when the sun was out. Sitting up on the couch she could not help but look over at the picture hanging over the mantle. Dreading what she might see, her blood chilled when the figure she had seen the night before was not only still there but appeared to have moved closer to the house. Jumping up and running over to the painting she gasped as it was clear, the figure was bigger now and slowly moving towards the house. Studying it carefully, it was obviously a human shape and although she could see the basic shape the details were obscured. She jumped when the stomach churning shriek of Marie sliced through the silence.

"Tony! TONY!!! OH MY GOD!!!!"

"Babe! What is it?" Camille screamed as she burst into Marie's room. Marie was still asleep but her eyes were open, yet turned back in her head. Shaking and sweating, she held her hand out straight pointing out the window.

Grabbing her daughter by the shoulder, Camille shook her awake. Seeing her eyes return to normal, she hugged her tight as Marie collapsed in sobs.

"Oh Mama! I just had the worst dream of my life. I dreamt, oh I can't even say it."

"What, what did you dream?"

"I dreamt that I killed Tony, but not just killed him, but I I I..." Burying her face into her mother's shoulder, Marie could not speak, the image of Tony's decapitation and castration flashing wildly in her mind.

"There there Baby, shhhhh. It's OK. I was only a dream, Tony is probably on a plane to Haiti right now to help us all out."

"Yeah" Marie blubbered. "I am sure you are right, but it was so real. It was the most vivid dream I have ever had."

"That's the mark on you working, but that will be over soon. Tony is going to get it all fixed up."

Back at Ed and Lorraine's house, Ed started walking towards the garage. Holding Lorraine's hand, his tone grew very serious and grim.

"Now, I am going to be out for a few hours, so I don't want you to worry."

"Ed honestly, you are starting to freak me out with all of this paranoia. I will be fine, stop being such a fusspot."

"Just humor me, and do me a favor. Until I come back, do NOT open this door for anyone, no matter who it is. Ok, do you promise me. Do you promise not to open the door for anyone?"

"Sure Ed, but stop. You are scaring me. I will be fine."

Kissing his wife, Ed got into his 1965 rambler and headed downtown. The traffic was light as New Orleans is quietest on early mornings, most of the residents far more active and rambunctious at night. Turning onto Canal street he saw the store he was looking for, "Big Sam's Guns and Ammo Depot". Walking inside, he smiled as he realized he was the only person in the store not sporting a "Duck Dynasty" style beard. Seeing him enter, the clerk came over.
