 Driving out into the toney suburbs of New Orleans, Gus had the top down on his car. Breathing in deep the fresh air of the countryside, so clear and sweet compared to the oppressive stink that always hung over the city during the summer. Despite the beauty of the surroundings he was troubled as he relived the confrontation with Jasmine the night before over and over in his mind. Unable to process rationally, he filed it all away as a "woman thing" and tried to put it out of his mind. Part of him loved Jasmine but if this weird stunt was an indication of her real personality, perhaps it best he stop seeing her. Sighing as he realized this would also mean the prohibition of her gorgeous body in his bed, his mind focused on the task at hand, brunch with his sister.

He had no illusions that this would be pleasant. Margaret was so driven that it exhausted him and now that she and "Pete" needed a favor from him, he braced himself for her full court press. Reaching the stone wall of Saint Bernard Parish Country Club, he slowed his car to wait his turn at the gate.

"Can I help you, sir?" the guard skeptically asked as he looked Gus up and down. He had seen his kind before; good looking gigolos out to suck and fuck his way through the bored rich lives lounging by the pool looking for fun or always wanting to take the new golf instructor out for a test drive.

"I am here to have lunch with Mrs. Landrieu please."

Crooking his eyebrows up, he scowled. "Is she expecting YOU?"

"I would hope so." Gus replied, sensing the irritation in the security guard. Loving nothing more than to mess with rent-a-cops like this, he fought the urge to say something inappropriate. Despite everything, he loved his sister and did not want to cause her trouble. Sighing loudly, he pulled out his ID and handed it to the guard, adding "I am her brother!!!"

"Oh, pardon me sir, pardon me. I had no idea. Yes, please, drive right in. The clubhouse is at the end of the road to the right, just past the putting green."

Saying nothing, and feigning the most snotty attitude he could muster, he drove through the gate. Driving down the palm lined drive, he could see the early Saturday morning golfers out in force. Most were much older than he was, but some were his same age and all were wearing the most garish bright pinks and other pastels on laughably loud pants. Looking down at his crisp white linen slacks, pink izod shirt and penny loafer covered feet, he realized that this is the exact look the so called "better half" liked. Loud and stupid, and after the shopping spree Margaret had dragged him through he now had a closet full of this insipid uniform. Dropping his keys into the valets hand he walked into the large dining room of the club.

The room was as spectacular as it was large. Well over fifty tables were placed around the room decorated in the high French Louis XIV style. Gold angels floated in the corners of the room, each holding lamps that at one time had been powered by gas when the club was originally built. On one wall a spectacular window opened out onto a large patio that overlooked the golf course. On the other wall, obviously meant to mimic Versailles, thirty mirrors, each rising to the ceiling, covered the entire surface. The effect was to make a huge room seem even larger and as he walked down the red carpeted staircase into the dining room, he felt like he was walking onto a stage.

His stomach growled as the delicious smells of freshly made beignets, butter smothers grits and tons of sausage wafted through the air. His entrance obviously had attracted attention as every blue haired (and equally blue blooded) woman in the room turned to see who had just entered. Being the only man in the place, those with penises obviously out playing golf as their wives enjoyed brunch, he felt the hungry stares sizing him up as he strolled over to his sisters table. He knew that some of these ladies had boy toys on the side, and from the looks on some of their very bo-toxed faces, captured permanently into the perpetual surprised look, they wondered who he belonged to. Watching him sit down at Margaret's table, he felt the room slump in disappointment.

"You look great Gus! Just great. I love the pants, so much nicer than your nouveau Hobo look." She laughed as he grinned and sat down.

As the coffee was poured and the first course of shrimp and grits served, Gus finally dispensed with the small talk. "OK Margaret, I am here as commanded. What favor do you need? I mean if it is about tonight, you really do not have to worry. I am not going to embarrass you or Pierre at the Vallandingham's party. I am not a moron you know."

Her mouth full of grits, Margaret nodded. "I know, I know. Look, I know you can behave, but tonight I want you to be on your best behavior. You see, well, you have made quite an impression on Sarah. She would kill me if she knew I told you this, but she is obsessed with you. At my office it is all Gus this and Gus that, and I can tell she is in love. Her mother, a HUGE contributor to Pete by the way, is very anxious to set her up with a good catholic boy like you."

Laughing Gus through his head back and grinned wildly. Although she was definitely not the type of girl he normally went out with, way too prim and uptight, she was definitely very attractive. "Boy are they off base! Hell, I haven't been to mass since High School!"

"Yes, I know, and that is where the favor comes in..."

"I knew it. So, you want me to be a good Catholic boy for the duration Sis? Should I get out my old missal I had as an altar boy? I wonder if I still remember the Hail Mary? How does it go again? Hail Mary full of grace, I want a girl to sit on my face!"

"GUS!!! PLEASE!!!" Margaret cried, immediately crossing herself.

"Don't get your panties in a bind Sis. I am only kidding." Looking up towards the ceiling, Gus crossed himself and said. "Just kidding God, and Mary of course." Looking over at his horrified sister, he smiled his most charming grin. "Really, I will play my part. So, you want me to be a good Catholic boy toy to your rich donor's daughter, do I have that right?"

"Well, it sounds dirty when you say it. This girl used to be a Nun, so I doubt you would be a boy toy, but she does like you. God knows why, but she really really likes you."

Leaning back in his chair, Gus grinned. "Hey, what can I say. I am compelling."

"And because she likes you, and has not had a lot of experience with men, I really do need you to be on your best behavior with her. Show her a good time, take her out, but but... Well..."

"No fucking right?" he laughed.

Wincing at his crudity and looking around to make sure no one had heard she whispered back. "Yes, no fucking little brother! It is a foolish sister who does not know her own brother, and I know you are a dog. God knows, you have just as much of a wandering dick as Dad did."

"HEY! That was unkind."

"Well, the truth hurts sometimes. Anyway, I do appreciate you playing your role." As she spoke she slid a small velvet box towards him. "Now, tonight, I want you to wear this. It definitely will make a good impression if Sarah (or her parents) see it and maybe even will straighten your wild ass up."

Opening the box, Gus pulled out a long thin chain with a medallion hanging off of the end. Turning the medal over in his hand he saw the image of the Virgin Mary shown in bas relief on the silver. On the reverse was a large letter M surrounded by twelve stars. Looking back at Margaret, Gus looked touched.

"Wow, I have not seen a Miraculous Medal since Mom was alive. I get the hint. I will be a good boy and charm the, uh, GLOVES off the lady in question. I will even wear this medal and who knows, I may even study up on transubstatiation this afternoon before the party." Smiling he added for emphasis "Happy now?"

"Ecstatic!" Margaret exclaimed, half sarcastic and half serious. Looking over at her brother, still smarting from her crack comparing him to their wayward father she said softly. "You are a good brother, and not at all like Dad. I said that in anger and I did not mean it. I am sorry."

Gus said nothing but nodded, his mouth salivating at the plate of beignets he saw heading towards their table.

"Oh, one last thing."

"You would have made a good detective..., COLUMBO!" Gus joked. "So, what else do you want."

"This is not going to cause any problems with your girlfriend, er, what was her name, Josephine, Jocelyn..."

"You mean JASMINE? God, you have some kind of mental block about her. Anyway, given the events of last night, I don't know where things stand with Jasmine, but I don't foresee any drama."

"Oh, that's good. You were too good for her anyw..."

"Wait just a minute SIS! You can push me around all you want, but don't talk shit about Jasmine."

"I did not mean.t to infer..."

"Oh yes you did!" Gus snapped back. "Look, I know you don't like Jasmine and never have, but she is worth twenty Sarahs any day of the week."

"OK, OK, I am sorry! I did not mean to offend." Margaret said as she snapped her finger and called over the waiter. Taking four steaming sweet and delicious beignets off of the tray she placed it herself on Gus's plate. "Here, eat these. No one can stay mad with a beignet in their mouth."

Popping one into mouth, Gus smiled. "You can be such a royal bitch sometimes."

Back in New Orleans, Father Aviles was finishing putting his cassock on as he prepared to hear confessions. This was a Saturday tradition and since he was one of the few priests on duty today, it was his turn to supervise. Walking into the huge cavernous nave of the Cathedral, he crossed himself as he crossed the aisle in front of the high altar. The church was enormous and every time he entered this sacred space, Leo could not help but be awed and instantly transported back to him being a small child with his mother coming to the church.

He began walking softly as the squeaking of his tennis shoes he wore under his robes were creating quite an echo throughout the sanctuary. Seeing the angry scowl of a few ladies of the Saint Martha Rosary Society, there like they were every Saturday reciting their prayers, caused his face to flush. He knew that being such a young priest in a storied old basilica like this was controversial, but sometimes his youth showed through his veneer of respectable robes and he felt like a fraud. Looking over the grey aging heads in the church he felt a twinge of sadness as so few of his generation still attended church. His parents' generation had put their faith at the center of their lives but now the world had gotten very secular very fast. Crossing himself as he filled a bottle of holy water from the baptismal font, he looked over to the left of the nave and saw a red light on over one of the confessionals.

Grinning, he wondered what the great sins would be listed today at confession. Mostly, given either the advanced age of his congregation, or the number of children working towards confirmation, the crimes he normally absolved were more of the "cheated at bridge at the nursing home" or "had impure thoughts looking at porn on the internet" variety. Opening the curtain on his side of the stall he stepped inside as he slid the side panel open. Waiting to hear the quivering female voice of one of his usual penitents, he sat up straight as the voice spoke through the screen.

In a deep, earthy sensual voice, dripping in so much sexuality that Father Aviles instantly felt his robe grow tighter she said "Bless me father for I have sinned. This is my first confession."

"Yes daughter, please tell me what troubles you." He responded, his voice cracking as he was startled by the unexpected sensual tone.

"I have urges father. Dangerous unexplained and relentless urges that I, I , I just may not be able to control any longer. Oh Father, you have to help me."

"Now this is natural my daughter. The body is natural and sex was created by God not only for the propagation of mankind but also as a sign of love between a husband and a wife. Temptation is natural dear, perfectly natural."

"Not like this father. I have been with boys before, all through high school. But now that I am in college things are different. I keep having these dreams, these erotic visions. God, just being in here is making me so wet. Can you smell me Father? Can you smell how wet I am. Mmmmmmmm, yes, yes father. You know what I am doing now father? I am frigging myself while you talk. Just the sound of your voice has me flooding my juices all over the floor."

Hearing this, Father Aviles instantly froze. Temporarily speechless, his training had never prepared him for this. "Look, daughter, this is not right. Now, please, let's get back to your..."

"Oh yes Father, YESSSSSSS! Talk more, talk more to me father. I bet you want to lick me don't you? I bet those balls of yours are just as bright and blue as Mary's robes aren't they father? Don't you wish you had taken another path? Don't you wish you had decided to marry Sally, Father. Do you think my pussy tastes as sweet as hers did, Father. Remember, remember that day you kissed your way up her inner thigh when you two were at the beach and you went behind that sand dune..."

"WHO is this! Who sent you!!! I am going to call the police, you can't threaten..."

"Police? Are you kidding Leo?" The female voice hissed in mockery. "You can't call the police, this is confession and as you know it is sacrosanct. You remember your vows right? Poverty, Obedience and CHASTITY. Yeah, that last one has been a real bitch hasn't it father. All of those beautiful young girls in their white sundresses, flirting with you, winking at you. How many nights have you lain awake waxing that gorgeous cock of yours alone in the rectory, thinking about sinking your dick up some young girl's wet dripping..."

"STOP!!! STOP THIS!!! This is sick and perverted and I am leaving. This confession is over."

"Oh? I don't think so." The voice laughed as Father Aviles looked at the screen and saw a tiny black lace thong pushed through the slat. "You want this. You want me. I can smell your horny desires through the slats. You want to taste my pussy, even if costs you everything."

Seeing the silky material snake through the holes in the slat, when it fell into his lap Father Aviles flinched, like a man who had a burning cigarette dropped in his lap. Listening in amazement to the voice, he started sweating profusely as he felt his mind began to snap, his will slowly being taken over by a force outside his body.

"Oh yes. Your body betrays you Father. I feel you, I feel your cock straining to burst free from those holy robes. Go ahead, sniff it, Father. You know you want to. You know you hunger for the smell of fresh young hot pussy."

Now dizzy, Father Aviles hand trembled as he lifted the panties to his face. No longer completely in control of himself, the deep musky odor of female arousal shot through his brain like a lightning bolt, burning and scourging his weakening will. Fighting to keep control of his senses, he was losing the struggle, feeling as if he was falling down and endless well. With the moist panties over his nose, he breathed in deep as his left hand dug under his cassock and found his cock. Unzipping his pants, he sighed as his erection burst out.

"Now baby, isn't that better." The voice purred, now sounding almost sweet. Delirious, he licked his lips as he saw the curtain to his section of the confessional open. Stepping inside was the most gorgeous vision his mind could have imagined. It was his old high school sweetheart Sally. Dressed only in a white, nearly transparent sundress, she looked just like she had fifteen years ago when he had had his one, an only one sexual experience with her on the beach. Lifting her dress up over her head, her perfect full and perky breasts popped out and she sat down on his lap and began running her erect nipples up his chest.

"Oh, so hard! Mmmmmmm, just like old times isn't it babe?" she said smiling as she lifted her nipple to his mouth, which helplessly opened and closed over its erect spongy surface. Tasting her sweet flesh in his mouth, Father Aviles started rustling with his robes, anxious to plunge his aching hard cock into her tight wet young body. Sally, sensing this motion, laughed.

"Not so fast my eager boy. You should eat me just like you did last time." Now standing up on the seat she hovered over his face and ran her slick, and now dripping, clit over his nose. "Lick me lover. Make me sing like you did before."

Opening his mouth while simultaneously closing his eyes, Father Leo gripped the back of her tight ass and pulled her forward onto his face. Burying his face into her cooch he growled, the taste and smell of her sex exciting him beyond his wildest imagination. Squealing as his tongue began dancing over her pussy, Sally moaned in delight as she held his head fast. "Oh yes Leo, give in to your lust. Give in to us. Once you do, I will visit you every night." Grunting as he licked her, slurping and devouring her like a ravenous wolf, when she added "See, isn't this better than going out to Magnolia Grove. You would have been defeated anyway, and now you get so much more as a reward."

This revelation acted like cold water on the priest, instantly waking him from the erotic stupor he was in. "No, NO, NO!!!!!! Begone foul spawn of Lucifer, your tricks will not prevail." He screamed as he pushed her back against one of the side walls of the confessional.

Jumping down, Sally growled at him as she spit in his face. "Fool! FOOL PRIEST!!! Pussy was too routine for you I guess. Perhaps I should have come as a nice young altar boy. That is what you robed holy fuckers like these days now isn't it."

Reaching under a shelf in the chamber, Father Aviles pulled out the holy water and flung it at the vision. As the water struck the girl, the light in the confessional popped and thrust him into darkness. Now terrified, he pushed his way blindly through the curtain. No one was there. No one except the five now very astonished Ladies of the Saturday Rosary who looked back at him like he his hair was on fire.

Back at his home, Ed Clearwater sat in the driveway, still shaking from his encounter on Canal street. Now feeling as if he was constantly watched, he pressed the control on his garage and quickly opened the door, driving in and waiting until the door closed and locked before he got out of the car. He was shaken, and shaken bad. Not since his tour in Vietnam had he ever been this scared. Forcing a smile onto his face he wondered how on earth he was going to explain the situation to Lorraine and not freak her out entirely. He loved her so much and the thought of that picture, and those men..., shuddering he tried to put it out of his mind.

"Ed, is that you?" she called from the kitchen through the garage door as she opened it.

"Yes! And what did I tell you about letting anyone in. If you did not know it was me, you should not open the door."

"Ok OK! Jeesh." She scowled as she went back into the kitchen. Walking inside she watched in increasing concern as Ed seemed very distracted and now was inspecting all of the locks on the windows.

Going over to the ADT control panel on the wall, he turned to Lorraine and barked "Why is the alarm not on? This needs to be on AT ALL TIMES LORRAINE!!! It is very important."

"Ok, I am sorry, I forgot. We never leave it on during the day."

"Well, we do now, at least until this case with Magnolia Grove is over we do."

"What are you talking about? What does the alarm system have to do with Magnolia Grove. We have been in hundreds of haunted houses over the years and I have never seen you this agitated."

"This case is different Lorraine. Very Very different."

Seeing the bag in his hand, Lorraine asked "Yes, it is very different. Hey, what is in the bag. You are so mysterious today."
