 Back in the quarter, Doug stood in front of his mirror in his bathroom and tried on yet another shirt. This one he liked, black silk and with just the first couple of buttons opened, it was his idea of looking sexy. Wearing a pair of black chinos and dress shoes, this was his "club wear" and his cock stirred in his pants as he thought of the erotic delights that awaited him this night. Combing and recombing his hair over and over, he was nervous. Although no slouch in the woman department, this situation seemed like a Penthouse Forum letter come to life and part of him sensed that it could blow up at any second. These things happen to other guys, richer guys, better looking guys and not him. Vowing not to screw up what he was sure to be the most exciting sexual experience of his life, he was focused.

He had slept in all day, only waking around four pm. Orally servicing three ravenous beauties all night had been exhausting and it was only now that his jaw had ceased to ache. Splashing some cologne across his jaw Doug hoped that his empty balls would be in total agony next morning. Readjusting his package inside his tight pants, he smiled. His testicles ached so badly as he had yet to release the flood that had built up inside from the night before. Remembering Daniella's command to save his seed for them, it had been difficult not to toss one off as soon as he got home, but he refrained. He was going to savor this night and as he closed his eyes he imagined the joy he was going to feel as he pumped each one of them full of his spunk before morning. Looking down at his watch he saw it was already eight pm and not wanting to be late for the best fucking of his life, he bounded out of his apartment and down the stairs to his car.

Across town Ed and Lorraine sat in their living room and watched television. It was a Matlock marathon showing that night and Ed enjoyed seeing Lorraine watch Andy Griffith verbally joust with his adversaries, his thick southern accent dripping like honey as he always came out on top. In his world, redneck seersucker always triumphed over sophisticated slick suits. Earlier he had called and arranged with Father Aviles to meet them the next day at Zeke's where they would stage their assault on the demonic forces at Magnolia Grove. Until then, he would stay here with Lorraine, safe in their house. He knew he would need to save his strength so having some time to relax before the fight was welcome. He also felt much safer knowing that his newly purchased Glock was in the kitchen to protect them from any human invaders.

All night long it had been quiet and he and Lorraine had enjoyed a nice meal at home, eating chicken on their metal tv tables in the living room. As they both enjoyed a good laugh at Andy Griffith verbally terrorizing his nemesis, the phone rang.

Looking at her watch Lorraine remarked "Wow, it sure is late for a call. I wonder who it is."

"Probably some telemarketer, just let the answering machine get it." Ed growled as he turned the tv up. Hearing the beep of the answering machine, the breathless voice of Father Aviles echoed through the room.

"Ed, Lorraine, if you are there, please pick up. It is quite urgent!"

Jumping up from his brown vinyl Barcalounger, Ed trotted to the phone. "Leo, it's Ed. Are you ok?"

Lorraine watched nervously as she watched her husband speak into the receiver. She could not hear what the priest was saying, but from the greyish look on Ed's face and his single one word answers, he could tell it was serious. Hanging up, Ed looked over at her and said "Honey, I have to go meet with Father Aviles for a bit, but I will be right back."

"Ed, what is it? At this hour, can't it wait until we meet him."

"I am afraid not dear, he insists it is quite serious and that I have to meet him right away. Very mysterious I have to say, he says he will explain more when I get there."

"Yes, well, be careful on the way to the Basilica."

"That is the weird part, he wants to meet me at Saint Louis Cemetery."

"The CEMETERY!!! I don't like the sound of that Ed. I think I should come with you."

"Absolutely not Lorraine. You are going to stay right here, and you are going to keep that Glock handy."

"Ed" Lorraine said gently, knowing better to argue with her husband when he got into the zone. "What is it. You have been as nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs for days. I am your wife and you need to be straight with me. What exactly are you that worried about."

Sitting down, he stared deeply into her eyes. "I will handle it Lorraine, but, I want you to promise me that when I go out, you will not open this door for anyone. Not a neighbor, not a priest, no one!"

Startled by the intensity of his stare, Lorraine nodded and kissed him goodbye. As she closed the door behind him she called out "I will wait up for you. Please call me if there is trouble."

"I will be alright, but remember, NO ONE GETS IN!"

Down in the quarter, a police car pulled up to Captain Tony's apartment building. The lights were not flashing and the cops in the car were finishing their coffee before they went in.

"Can you believe this guy would just leave his car out in the swamp and not even have it towed?"

"Crazy, I mean that was a sweet ride. God knows if it had been mine I would have still been kneeling beside it weeping."

Laughing, Samuel, the older and fatter of the two got out of the squad car. "Yeah, but you are or course a crier."

"Not like your wife who cries every night you come home." Patrick, the polar opposite of Samuel, joked back as he joined his partner on the sidewalk. Where Samuel was old, white and fat, definitely living up to the stereotype of a donut loving peace officer, Patrick was young, thin and black. They had only been partners for a few months, and already they liked each other very much. Samuel was a mentor to young Patrick and always worked to keep them both safe. This was their last stop of the night and it had been uneventful. Some nights it was quite action packed, but mostly, their routine consisted of dealing with drunken frat boys vomiting on Bourbon Street, or ticketing double parked cars. This call was even lower stress than normal, following up on an abandoned car. Tony's vehicle had been easy to trace and a quick call to the DMV had his address on their radar.

"Well, let's get this over with. What do you say, I bet this was a DUI and the guy freaked and took a cab home." Patrick said as he and his partner started walking up to the apartment building. The area where they were was one of the nicer areas of the French Quarter and surprisingly quiet. There were a few bars sprinkled around, but mostly the block was made up of small apartment buildings.

"You are probably right. We both have seen this movie before. Pretty smart though, the fine for leaving your car abandoned out in the swamp is a lot less expensive than a DUI." Samuel said as he waddled down the sidewalk.

"Nah, my bet is a drug deal gone bad and the guy had to leave suddenly. Did you not look at the sheet on this guy."

"No, is he a known dealer?"

"Yes, but pretty low level, weed only as best as I can tell. He has a few priors but nothing serious."

"Well" Samuel smirked. "I am betting we are not dealing with Pablo Escobar here. The complaint was about the car so let's leave it at that. It is late, and I really don't want the hassle with some pointless weed bust."

"You are a good man Samuel," Patrick beamed back as they walked up the stairs to the main entrance to the apartment building.

Entering the lobby and seeing the sign, they saw that the manager lived on sight on the first floor. Standing in front of the door, Patrick knocked loudly.

Mrs. Bronstein, the apartment manager in Apartment 1A did not look pleased when she opened the door and saw two of New Orleans finest staring back at her. Although the neighborhood was a bit dicey sometimes, it was not as crime ridden as some, so the sight of the police set her back on her heels.

Arranging her faded pink housecoat over her corpulent frame, she simultaneously pulled her doo rag down over her curlers. Saturday Night was always her "hair night" and she knew she looked a mess. "Can I help you officers."

"Routine call ma'am, nothing to be alarmed about. We just wanted to know whether you had a Tony Clarke living here."

"Nah, no Tony Clarke here. You must have the wrong address." She nervously clucked back as she started to close the door.

"Look Ma'am, we know Tony Clarke, AKA Captain Tony lives here and we need to talk to him."

Her face cracking in nervousness, Mrs. Bronstein burst out "Look officers, he ain't dealing drugs no more. There is no reason to pick him up, and plus, he don't live here no more."

His face twisted in a smirk, Samuel pushed the door back open as he continued. "That is very neighborly of you to look out for Captain Tony but I thought you said you did not know him. We never mentioned weed, but no mind, we are not here on anything drug related. Tony's car was found wrecked out in the swamp and we wanted to follow up and see that he pays the towing fee as well as investigate the incident. You can't just leave the scene of an accident."

Feeling somewhat more relieved, Mrs. Bronstein frowned. "You don't mean that Cadillac of his. God, I hope he is alright. He loved that car like a child. I can't imagine him just leaving it."

"Well, perhaps we should ask him. Which apartment does he live in? None of the mail boxes had names."

"Oh, I will show you directly. Right this way, it is Apartment 2A, right above me." Walking up the steps of the building, the stairs creaked and groaned, creating quite a racket as they ascended. Buildings like this were quite common throughout the quarter, only just a few apartments created out of old nineteenth century mansions. Reaching the top, Mrs. Bronstein stepped forward.

"Maybe I should knock. Tony might, well, his experience with the police has not always been positive in the past."

"Understood." Samuel nodded as she knocked. After three or four attempts, Samuel stepped forward and pressed his ear to the door.

"It sounds like he must be in there, the shower is running. Do you have a key Mrs. Bronstein? Perhaps he fell and knocked himself out or something."

"Yes, I have the master key right here. I hope he is OK. He has always been a good tenant."

Entering the apartment, Patrick and Samuel shuddered. There was an uneasy almost otherworldly stillness inside. Walking into the front living room, Tony's TV was still on, with the volume turned down low. On the floor leading to the bedroom were his muddy clothes from the night before. Stepping into the bedroom, the sound of the shower grew louder.

"Mr. Clarke! Mr. Clarke! Are you alright?"

The door was cracked and the light was on but no response came from inside.

Unsnapping the cover to his gun holster Patrick was jumpy. Although a relative rookie on the force, and with this being a very low risk assignment, something rubbed him wrong. The air crackled with something, something he could not put his finger on but his spine tingled in dread. Samuel, taking the lead, slowly opened the bathroom door, half expecting to see a routine drug overdose. As the room came into view his eyes grew wide and he screamed.

"Oh dear GOD! DEAR GOD IN HEAVEN NO!"

Patrick, running in to see himself, instantly covered his mouth at the grisly scene, his stomach retching, he instantly vomited in the sink.

"What is it? What in God's name is wrong!!!" cried Mrs. Bronstein from the hall.

"Don't come in! Do NOT come in Mrs. Bronstein." Samuel yelled back as he immediately called into the station on his radio.

"Nonsense, I am responsible for this apartment building." She replied as she rushed into the bathroom. As she stepped inside all of the blood drained from her face as her brain tried to make sense of what she was seeing. In the tub, now grey from being drained of all of his blood, was the decapitated corpse of Tony Clarke. Looking down his body to her horror he saw his genitalia had been obviously bitten off and even more terrifying was the fact that his head was not only not on his body, but was missing entirely. The tiny bathroom looked like a Jackson Pollock painting created in blood, with the thick coppery smell hanging heavy in the air and every surface splattered in red. Over the sink, in the mirror were written the words "Bad Choice Tony!" Shrieking at the top of her lungs she collapsed on the floor as she fainted.

Out in the swamps, Marie had woken when she heard the knock on the door. Now awake her body tingled in fear as the silence in the house seemed unusually oppressive.

"Mamma, who was it?" she called out as she sat up in her bed.

Hearing nothing, she called again and her heart began beating faster as she heard footsteps coming up the stairs.

"Mamma, Mamma, why won't you answer me?!?" she continued to yell as the footsteps reached the top of the stairs and now were obviously right outside her door. Jumping up out of bed, she ran to the door and flung it open, her eyes brightening as she saw Tony standing there.

"TONY!!! Thank God! I had terrible dreams about you, I am so glad you are here."

Tony said nothing, but as she looked at him closer her heart beat faster. His face was definitely Tony's but looked gaunt and lifeless, almost hanging off of his skull like a mask. Reaching down to take his hand, suddenly concerned that he might be ill, she froze as she saw a white hand hanging below his sleeve.

"What the..." She exclaimed as she looked up. The last thing she saw now was his machete slicing through the air, reaping yet another grisly harvest of heads for his growing collection.

Back on the sidewalk outside Magnolia Grove, Doug's face turned into a broad grin as he saw the three lovelies standing under the street light. All day long he feared that the night before had been some giant fluke, and his much anticipated sexual romp would be forever delayed. Now that he saw them waiting for him, right at nine pm as they arranged, he knew it was no fluke.

If he thought they had looked enticing the night before, he had been dead wrong after seeing them tonight. The prior evening, they had looked like grandmothers in burkas compared to the vision they presented to him now. Tonight they looked like sex itself come to life, oozing their feminine charms out into a puddle on the street. All were dressed alike in matching wispy red thin silk dresses, delightfully cut short and oddly consisting of hoods. Barefoot and showing much cleavage, they eyed him with a lusty look on their face he had never seen before.

"I knew you would be on time boy!" Sabrina giggled as she ran her fingers up his black silk shirt.

"Mmmm, you clean up nice." Daniela added as he aggressively grabbed and squeezed his left ass cheek.

Gulping hard as his pants threatened to split open from the pressure from his now rigid cock, he could say nothing but nod. Feeling the hot gaze of the three on his face, he could barely believe it was happening. The prospect of a foursome with three of the most beautiful women he had ever seen seemed so close he could taste it. As if on cue, a hot breeze came up and blew through the thick magnolia trees and perfumed the whole area with its intoxicating odor.

"Are you ready boy? Is Gus ready for us too?" Sabrina asked as she started walking up the steps to the front door her left hand gripping Doug's obvious erection through his black pants.

"I am afraid you ladies only will have me to contend with tonight. Gus had other plans and..."

"FUCKER, MOTHER FUCKER!!! YOU PROMISED WE COULD GET IN THE HOUSE TONIGHT!!!!" Daniella shrieked, the fury of her words and tone of voice visibly shaking Doug.

Wheeling back to look at them, he was shocked. Gone were the angelic and lusty soft faces now replaced with the deep scowls and glaring eyes of pure hate. Now queasy and sure his erotic escapade was about to be canceled, he bent down and lifted up the fake brick and revealed the key. "No need to get upset girls, Gus lent me the key. He told me that the place was mine to enjoy for the night, so..."

Seeing the key, the girls instantly returned to their prior mood and Doug sighed in relief. Unlocking the front door, he quickly returned the key under the brick and walked inside. The girls audibly gasped in glee when the beauty of the foyer was revealed. Seeing the long sweeping staircase leading upstairs, they giggled and talked amongst themselves as Doug walked further inside ad spun around to look at them.

"Ta-DA!!! What do you think?" he asked as he pointed his arm backwards dramatically to present the house. Brimming with pride, for a moment he imagined that this was actually his own house and he was a rich programmer like Gus instead of a slacker stoner like he was.

"We love it!" they all cried simultaneously, but to Doug's consternation, they remained outside. As he was about to ask them what was going on, he heard the clicking of tiny nails on the floor behind him as Angeline rushed forward barking and snarling at the "intruders" in her house. Seeing the dog charging, Doug bent down and scooped her up into his arms as she covered his face is licks. Laughing, he petted the dog and turned again to the open door.

"As you can see, as a guard dog, Angeline here is not very credible." As the dog followed his gaze, she instantly tensed and began to growl when she saw the three women on the porch. "Aren't you going to come inside? I think we have some fun times planned in here." Doug added with a wink.

Giggling, Sabrina said "Well babe, you have to formally invite us inside. We can't, I mean, we only want to come into a place where we have been properly invited."

Smiling, and with Angeline shaking and growling in his arm, Doug got onto his knees and melodramatically and jokingly begged. "Oh please, dear Goddesses, please come into Magnolia Grove. You are hereby formally and enthusiastically invited."

Now grinning malevolently, Sabrina strolled across the threshold with Daniella and Angelique close behind her. When all three of them walked into the foyer, now finally this much closer to their goal, they seemed to visibly relax, the final gate to their victory now open before them. Looking down at Doug kneeling on the marble floor, Sabrina smirked. Reaching her bare foot out under his down turned face, she purred.

"You may show your "Goddess" your appreciation for the unbelievable gift we are going to bestow on you."

Feeling his cock leap in his pants, he put Angeline down on the floor as she twisted to get free from his grasp. Once out of his grip, she immediately bristled, growling and snarling as she stood at Sabrina's feet. Doug ignored her growls as he gently lifted her foot to his mouth and began to delicately kiss his way down from her ankle to her toes. Sighing as she felt his hot lips on her cool flesh, the constant snarling of the upset dog was definitely putting a cramp on the erotic moment. Glaring down at Angeline, the tiny animal yelped as the flash of red in her eyes, and the look of utter evil on her face terrified her. Whimpering and crying, she dashed out the open door and out onto the porch. Doug, too aroused to notice looked up as the other two girls closed the front door and joined Sabrina in front of him, offering their foot for worship.

Taking her big toe, Angelique pushed Doug's face upwards to look at her. When their eyes met, he felt his whole body go weak as a palpable electric shock ran between them. Intoxicating them all like a drug infused mist, the feeling of lust and obvious arousal in the room escalated rapidly as they stayed silent and glared at one another. The sexual tension kept building as the girls now started to undulate and rub their bodies, their erect nipples quite apparent through the red silk dresses. Bending down, Sabrina roughly grabbed Doug's crotch and pulled him to his feet.
