 Back at Tony's apartment, the rescue squad had finally arrived along with several squad cars of police officers. Mrs. Bronstein, having passed out completely had been returned to her apartment and would not wake until morning.

"God Damn, I thought I had seen everything." The EMT remarked as he placed Tony's headless and dickless body into the cadaver bag and loudly zipped it up. Looking up at Samuel he asked "Any idea on where the head is?"

"Hey man, I stored it up my ass!!!" he snapped back as he wiped another glob of sweat from his corpulent brow. A long time veteran on the force few things rattled him but this certainly had. This was no ordinary murder or drug hit. Gangster's would not take the time to decapitate their victim, much less bite off their dick and they certainly would not take a head for a trophy. His stomach churning as he still felt sick, he knew what this meant.

"So Sam, what do you think?" Patrick asked as they now stood alone in the blood spattered bathroom, the remains of Tony already half way down the stairs on the gurney.

"I think we have a serial killer on our hands that is what I think."

"Yea, I was thinking the same thing. The missing head is a dead giveaway. You know, in a case I read about at the academy there was this killer who had a collection of..."

"Hey, you want to give me a minute." Samuel barked as he pointed to the door.

"Sure thing Patrick, you need some time alone to ponder a plan to find this head?"

"No, I need to take a squirt."

"Samuel!!! In here? That seems kind of disrespectful."

"Are you fucking joking? I would think after what happened in this room tonight, my draining off the trouser snake would be the most respectful thing to happen in here all day. Anyway, I gotta take a piss and I gotta take it now."

Getting the hint, Patrick walked out of the bathroom and closed the door behind him. Once alone, Samuel lifted the lid of the toilet as he began to unzip his pants. Looking down, he gasped as pee ran down his leg, his hand frozen in terror as he had not taken out his dick. There, floating in the toilet, was the bloody red pulpy mass of Tony's head, looking more like a giant alien creature than something that was once a human. Screaming out for Patrick, when he rushed in and saw the object in the toilet he nearly vomited.

Getting a hold of himself, and now blushing as his blue pants were stained with his own urine, Samuel bent down and fished the object out of the water. Placing it onto the floor, he saw that the face had been surgically removed, leaving only bone and muscle behind.

Pacing the floor in her kitchen, Lorraine continuously wrung her hands together, her face twisted in deep worry. Now almost one am, Ed had been gone for hours, the Matlock marathon they had been enjoying earlier long over. Out on some odd meeting with Father Aviles at St. Louis Cemetery, he should have been home hours ago. Drinking another cup of coffee, she reached into the back of the freezer and pulled out a very cold pack of Winstons. Ed hated that she smoked and she tried not to do it in his presence. Thirty years earlier she had been a die-hard two pack a day smoker but now she only lit up to relieve stress. This situation now was a time she needed a smoke worse than anything. Sitting down at the table, she struck the match and inhaled the cigarette deep, the cool velvety smoke dancing through her lungs and instantly giving her a brief, if not glorious, respite from her concern. Pulling out her phone, she redialed his cellphone. When it once again went to voicemail she slammed it down onto the table.

"Damn it Ed! ANSWER!!!" she screamed as she jumped when she heard the loud booming knock on her front door. Feeling a shiver run up her spine, she glanced over at the drawer near the table, and opening it, saw the gun still there. Remembering Ed's words, she froze, not wanting to move or give any indication that she was there.

When the booming continued, she grew more alarmed until she heard Ed's voice. "Lorraine, let me in. I have lost my house key."

Jumping up instantly, she ran into their living room but paused before she opened the door. She knew that supernatural forces were at work here, and remembering his warning she took her hand off of the handle.

"Please Lorraine, let me in. There are people out here out to get me."

Her body shaking, Lorraine peered through the peephole, holding her breath in fear of what she might see. Seeing the face of her husband, although looking oddly gaunt and colorless, she exhaled loudly. Unlocking the door, she pulled it open saying "Oh thank Christ you are OK Ed, I have been worried..."

As the door now was fully open she froze as she came face to face with her doom. Ed was a relatively short man but now appeared to have grown four inches since he left. Startled by this, her dread exploded when two other men stepped forward out of the darkness on either side of him and "Ed" spoke.

His voice cackling with malice, he sang in a mocking fake Cuban accent "Hey Loooocy, I'm home!!!"

"Oh dear God NO!" Lorraine shrieked as she vainly attempted to slam the door shut. Pushed effortlessly aside by the tall figure, she fell backwards into the living room as the three men rushed inside.

"Oh my, this is going to be fun. I haven't enjoyed good granny pussy in ages," one of the men snickered as she looked up into the lifeless face mask of her husband.

"What is this, where is Ed?" she shrieked from the floor, her mind a rush of terror as she tried to make sense of what was happening.

"Why, he is right here dear." The man said as he stroked his face. "Well at least part of him. I thought it would be touching if the last thing his lifeless face witnessed was his old withered up wife being gang raped to death."

Screaming in terror, Lorraine scrambled into the kitchen, desperate to reach the gun as she was quickly pursued by her attackers. Reaching the kitchen table, she was forced down face first over the Formica as two men held her legs down and proceeded to hike up her skirt. Panting and struggling to get free, pain racked her small frail body as she felt the pressure of her legs being pulled widely apart. Hearing the unzipping of her attackers pants she began to weep, steeling herself for the rape she knew was about to commence. Thinking of Ed, her eyes choked back tears as she mustered the last of her strength and pushed hard against the floor lunging towards the drawer.

Opening it, she grabbed the gun and pointed it back behind her head, blindly firing the entire cartridge in a wild rage. Hearing the soft gurgles and moans of her attackers and two thuds as they hit the floor, her body was crushed by the large form now slumped over her and pinning her to the table. Looking to her right as she tried to get free she felt the warm blood of her attacker running down her face. Catching a glimpse of the lifeless mask made of the flesh of her dead husband she felt her chest seize up in pain as she lost consciousness.

Back at the main police station, Patrick and Samuel were talking to the chief about their case when a new call came in. "All units please proceed to 921 Franklin Street immediately. Multiple gunshot victims are involved as well as a rape attempt and evidence of a possible third murder. Please use Mongoose protocol 419."

Hearing the call, the chief looked up as his face lost all color.

"Mongoose 419?" Patrick asked under his breath. "What the hell is a mongoose 419?"

Whispering back Samuel said "A Mongoose situation is a crime that is likely to create a media stir. Journalists are always monitoring the police channels on the radio, and when we want to keep something under wraps they call a Mongoose 419."

Calling the detective on his cellphone, the chief grunted as he heard the details. Hanging up, he turned back to Samuel and grimly stated "Yes, I definitely now think you are right, this is a probable serial killer at large. Time is of the essence here as you all know that as soon as this hits the air, our leads will dry up like a glass of iced tea in the western desert. This latest case not only involves a face removed from a head, but now involves the world famous Ed and Lorraine Clearwater."

"The old couple from those ghost shows on cable?" Patrick asked as the chief nodded.

"The very ones. Ed is obviously dead and his wife is in a coma, the victim of a rape attempt. Once this goes public we will have CNN, MSNBC, FOX and even GHOSTBUSTERS up our ass for weeks, so we need to act quick. This night has been one fucked up mess."

"Understood." Samuel and Patrick nodded.

"So, you need to go back to that Captain Tony's apartment and look for more clues. Maybe he had a girlfriend that was involved, or he was mixed up in some sort of weird satanic ritual cult or something."

"I wonder if that is where he was going when he wrecked his car?" Patrick interrupted as the chief looked up.

"Wrecked car?"

"Yes sir" Samuel now spoke, taking over the conversation and explaining why they were at Tony's apartment in the first place.

"Well guys, you have your assignment. I think your protégé Patrick here is on to something. I know that road you have on your report and trust me, there aint much there. Maybe he ran across something out there, or was involved with something, but I would go out there right now. I am sure that we will need background info when this case gets resolved. It appears the perps are dead but there will no doubt be data to gather and people to interview."

"Yes sir" they both said as they turned to leave.

"Oh, and take an unmarked car. Those swamp people, they get a bit skittish around the police."

Next to Magnolia Grove, Angeline cowered on the porch whining as she scratched relentlessly at Mrs. Clark's door. Desperate to get in, after an hour of barking Mrs. Clark opened the door and looked down at her tiny late night visitor. Yawning and pulling her housecoat tight she smiled.

"Baby, what are you doing out? I am sure Gus would flip out if he knew you were outside right now." Looking over to his driveway she saw that his car was gone so she scooped up the tiny terrified dog and brought her inside.

"You have just been having a big old adventure haven't you?" she said soothingly as Angeline starting panting, still nervous but less panicky. "Well, let's get you a nice hunk of cheese and you can have a girl's night in with us. I am sure your daddy will be very happy you came over here to stay since you got out." Walking upstairs, Angeline fell asleep in Mrs. Clark's arms as she was placed on her enormous pink and purple satin bed. As they both fell asleep, outside two cars pulled into Gus's driveway.

"Incredible!" Sarah exclaimed as her eyes fell upon Magnolia Grove for the first time. Now very late, near midnight, the full moon cast the marble columns in a surreal silvery glow. "You are very fortunate to have been able to buy such a place Gus, really." Smirking but with his head swelling with pride, he caught himself licking his lips as he looked over at the beatific vision standing in front of his house. Strolling over, he spun his keys on his finger as he grinned. "Wait until you see the inside!" Walking up the steps to his house, he paused as he listened intently for any sign of unexpected guests. Hearing nothing, he sighed, relieved that Doug had obviously done what he needed to do and left, leaving the house to he and Sarah alone. Pushing open the front door, a wave of hot air washed over them both and although not alarming the effects on both were instant.

Sarah, her eyes wide in wonderment at the impressive foyer, found herself grow instantly wet as she set foot inside. Although chaste, and having almost been a nun, she knew what being aroused felt like. Up until now nothing in her experience could prepare her for the red hot furnace of desire that cascaded through her body. Earlier in the garden, with her toes in Gus's mouth, she had been the most turned on that she had been in her life. That is, until this moment.

The air was thick with the perfume of Magnolias and her whole body tingled as she felt a charge surge through her limbs. Feeling her nipples instantly grow to diamond hard shapes under her bra, she found difficult to concentrate as she walked inside, her mind awash in dirty images. Mostly, these images were of her naked and writhing on top of Gus.

Gus too felt a difference, but not enough to be alarmed yet. Feeling his cock stir in his shorts, his balls began to tighten and all of his senses went onto overdrive. The house was deadly silent, more quiet than he ever had remembered it being and it only heightened the rising sexual combustibility in the room. In his mind, or perhaps reality, he felt he could hear the low hum of his laptop whirring in the darkness; normally hidden by a plethora of other household ambient noises.

Looking over at Sarah, the smoldering intense stare of unbridled lust on her face had his cock at full mast but was also very intimidating. Gus had been with many women over the years, but the laser-like intensity of her stare made him visibly sweat. Struggling to push the swirl of erotic images flashing out of his mind, he willed himself to squelch them as he definitely did not want to screw things up for Pete. He also was struggling with a lingering feeling of guilt over Jasmine. He loved her, but despite being angry about her supposed odd behavior the night before, he did not intend on cheating on her, no matter how attracted he was to Sarah. Looking at Sarah's gorgeous curves however, and long silky blonde hair and obvious hard nipples he knew this was going to be a major struggle to resist, a struggle he was not used to engaging in.

She on the other hand was not so constrained and as they walked into his main parlor she violently pushed him backwards onto the couch and pounced onto his chest. Biting his bow tie with her teeth, she literally growled as she pulled it loose from his neck.

"My God you are one sexy man-beast!" she giggled as she looked down at his astonished face as she sat up and straddled his crotch, spitting his now shredded tie onto the floor.

"Whoa babe, I mean, Sarah. I think you are taking things a bit..."

He was immediately silenced as she fell forward and kissed him deeply, her eager tongue swirling around his mouth like a trapped eel. Gus was astonished but could not stop getting even harder. Despite evidence that she was quite unskilled in the art of love, her attack on his face; so clumsy and heavy handed, was intense. Her rabid enthusiasm more than made up for her lack of erotic skills. Pushing her up off of his mouth gently, he sighed as she proceeded to bite off the studs of his tux shirt. Now opening his shirt, she purred as she ran her long slender fingers through his thick chest hair.

"Oh Gus! I have never felt a man's bare furry chest before and yours is quite, quite..."

"Listen Sarah, I think we are going too fast here. You aren't yourself right now."

"Oh contraire, I think I am now FINALLY myself." She said with a grin as she ran her long nails down his chest and began grinding down onto his lap like a Bourbon street stripper. Now sitting on top of him, Gus looked into her face and was both aroused and terrified by what he saw. Gone were the bright blue sparkly eyes he had gazed into before, replaced by two glistening solid black spheres. Gently pushing back on her torso, he felt himself grow dizzy, an intense heat seemingly flowing from the black orbs in her skull.

Wriggling free, Gus stood up as he gently placed Sarah back on the couch, her body hot to the touch and her mouth audibly growling.

"I think we need a drink!"

Smiling seductively as she rubbed her bare feet together she stroked her left breast and nodded. "Make mine something cold and sweet!"

Unable to prevent his natural instincts from reacting, Gus nodded and walked into the kitchen, slightly hunched forward as his hard on was now fully tenting his pants. Wiping the torrents of sweat pouring down his face, he whistled as the surge of hormones pulsed through his veins. He was a ladies' man, and had been with many many women in the past but tonight he was experiencing a level of horniness he had never felt before. His whole body was shaking as his cock throbbed in his pants and his balls literally vibrated, as if they had been denied release for months. Now away from Sarah, he could slightly gain control of himself and as he opened the refrigerator, he saw he had a bottle of champagne already chilling. Popping the cork, he filled two glasses and began walking back into the front parlor. As he entered, his mouth dropped open and he instantly began to salivate at the sight.

Sarah was now completely and spectacularly naked, and the gorgeous body he could only imagine before was now delectably displayed before him. Laying back brazenly on the couch, her arms behind her neck, she draped her left leg over the back of the couch as her right was firmly planted on the floor. Seeing him enter, she grinned and shimmied her full breasts at him as she undulated her pussy up off of the cushion.

"Well, see anything you like, Gus? Perhaps you would like a snack before we have our drink."

Literally struck dumb, Gus instantly ran forward and set the bottle and glass down on the coffee table as he dove into her lap. Feeling her hot moist pussy succumb to his hungry lips and tongue, the first flood of her juices rushed into his mouth as he started eagerly worshipping her sex. Purring loudly, she gripped the back of his head and guided his mouth over her body like an old pro. Now lost in her own lust, Sarah felt like a spectator and not a participant in the scene. Scared but also struggling to come to terms with the feelings of intense arousal assaulting her body, some unseen force seemingly was now in complete control of her actions. Shocked at the feeling of a man's tongue on her pussy for the first time in her life, the intense emotion of the moment and the erotic sensations that she had never felt before jolted her back to control. Now temporarily in possession of her body, she quickly sat up and shouted.

"GUS! STOP!!!!"

Looking up from her legs, the sound of her scream shocked Gus out of his stupor as well and he sat up as well, shocked and stunned by what had happened. Stammering, he could not help but lick the taste of her off of his mouth as he tried to apologize.

"Sarah, oh, I am... Are you OK?" I am so sorry, I thought..."

"No, it is ok. I, I don't know what happened to me? It is like, it is like somebody else was operating my body. I am sorry Gus, I, I..."

Looking at her trying to cover her nakedness, he was puzzled by the sight of her shaking, her face grimacing into all sorts of fantastical contortions. Her blue eyes were back, and as they stared up at him in fear and confusion, he reached out to touch her face to comfort her as she smiled. As his hand came forward, he flinched and yanked it back as they again turned back and her scared expression turned to bemusement.

"So fucker, are you just going to get me all wet and not finish the job?" she growled.

"Sarah, I think I should take you home." He comforted as he stood up off of the floor. He was confused. He too felt like he was temporarily taken over by other forces outside his body, and now as he realized that Sarah felt the same way, he thought perhaps it best she leave. Bending over to pick up her panties and dress, suddenly a jolt of pain shot into his lower back and his breath was knocked out of his body as he fell to the floor. Unable to move and with his body convulsing his blood pulsed in his eyes as he felt his body turned over onto his back and he could look up at Sarah standing over him.

Laughing as she held a Taser in her hand she triumphantly stepped over him and placed both feet on either side of his stomach. Seeing her face, he knew that whatever was in control of her now was not Sarah and this knowledge terrified him.
