 Back at Zeke's, as Father Aviles walked into the bar, he smiled. There right above the television over the bar he saw Zeke hanging up a string of lighted plastic St. Joseph statues. Obviously he just got a new shipment in, and this was a unique addition to his ever growing collection of holiday decorations.

"You know you missed it already." Father Aviles said as he walked inside.

Turning around and climbing back down his step ladder, Zeke smiled. "Father! Good to see you again. Now, what did I miss?"

"Saint Joseph Day, you missed it. That was in March."

"Really, I thought it was in June."

"You are thinking about Saint Anthony, his feast is in June."

"Are you sure? I was an altar boy for many years as a kid." Zeke asked, oddly irritated at being told that he missed the date of Saint Joseph's feast. It was especially odd that he was arguing with a priest since he really did not care that much but only was putting up the decorations to add to his general holiday theme.

Pointing at his collar, Father Aviles laughed. "I bet this trumps altar boy any day of the week."

Seeing this, Zeke smiled and called out "Touché!" Climbing down from his ladder he walked out from behind the bar with a menu. "So, what brings you in today alone Father."

"Well, I am meeting some people here and I am a bit early."

"I can fire up the grill. We normally don't get a lot of "breakfast" traffic, but for you, I can make an exception."

"Nah, I am more thirsty than hungry."

"Coffee?"

"How about something more frothy."

"Cappuccino?"

"How about beer?"

"Now you are talking! Breakfast of champions I always say, and if you don't mind, I might join you." Zeke exclaimed as he pulled two long necked bottles out of the fridge and popped them open. Sitting down at the table with the priest, he was oddly intrigued. Not a religious man now, he had grown up in the church and somehow having a priest to chat with seemed like the beginning of interesting day. Downing his beer, he asked Father Aviles if he wanted another and to his delight, he eagerly agreed.

After twenty minutes, discussing everything from the potential for the Saint's new football season to the concept of transubstantiation, Leo looked up at the TV and saw the weatherman pointing at a tropical depression forming off of the coast of Africa. Ever since Katrina every resident of the Big Easy had an unhealthy obsession with the weather and almost every house kept a look on the forecasting maps for future trouble constantly. This was especially true during Hurricane season which had just begun a few weeks earlier and already had people slightly on edge.

"So Father, you think The Lord will send his wrath against our city again this year? Is that our doom forming out in the Atlantic?" Zeke asked sarcastically.

"Ah, the nature of evil, the eternal question. I am guessing you hold it against God for the destructive power of nature."

"Damn right I do!" Zeke snapped back. "A lot of my friend's lost their houses, or even some of their family members during Katrina. Where is the mercy of God in that Father?"

Drinking his beer down quickly, the Priest waved the empty bottle and Zeke winked as he got the hint. Getting up from the table, he walked back over to the fridge and got two more.

"Thanks. You know, if I am going to explain the nature of evil and the seeming unfairness of God, I can be a lot more convincing with a few beers in me."

Laughing, Zeke slapped the table hard and playfully punched Father Aviles in the shoulder. "You are a good man, Padre. I like your style."

"Do you believe things happen for a reason Zeke?"

"Maybe, but something like that..."

"Yes, but this world is amazingly complex. In fact, our small human mind cannot possibly comprehend how complex it truly is. Imagine for a minute, that you understood everything that had ever happened in history, and not only that, you also know everything that is happening now and everything that ever will happen. Layer on top of that the interrelated nature of things. Imagine if Hitler had gotten into art school instead of flunking out. Or imagine that Arch Duke Ferdinand's driver had not stopped the car by accident right in front of the bar where his assassin had been eating a sandwich. Or imagine that your mother fell in love with someone other than your father, now add to that the fact that everything that happens effects everything else. Can you honestly say that YOU can understand a system as complicated as that? Most people struggle with a simple crossword puzzle, much less the inter-workings of the entire universe, past present and future."

"Yes, but what are you saying? Are you saying it was God's will that my brother lost his house, or that the lady down the street had to bury her mother because she drowned during a hurricane? How can that be God's will?"

"Suffering is never God's will. God weeps for his children."

"So, God is not in control? See this is what I am talking about Father. How do you, an obvious educated and intelligent man reconcile that. How can a just and loving God allow such horrific tragedies to exist."

"God allows evil to exist because to not would mean we live in a universe without will, without the capacity of choice. God created man in his own image and as such, he gave him the capacity for will, and will means the ability to disobey God."

"So, this evil that happens, this is God's punishment?"

"No, it is not, but it is a function of the existence of evil. People always have an easier time believing in God than they do in Satan or evil. There are dark forces at work in the world, forces that do NOT have our interests at heart. Forces that mean nothing but harm and sin and death."

Gulping down his beer, Zeke smiled. "This is rather deep for morning talk. Still, I don't know. I don't think I buy the whole evil thing anymore that I buy the God deal."

Guzzling down his beer, Father Aviles face turned somber. "Trust me Zeke, evil exists. I have seen it, touched it and been attacked by it. It exists, and, one of the reasons I am here today is to fight it head on."

Seeing the intensity of Father Aviles stare Zeke sobered up. "Ok, I get that, but are you saying Evil is prevailing? I mean, it is not a hard sell to tell me that we live in a fucked up world and evil is afoot. The holocaust proved that a million times over, but... Is evil the force running the world? If evil is so powerful, why worship God who is good? If he is in charge he seems to be doing a pretty piss poor job of it right now."

"God will prevail and does prevail always and forever. Of that, I am supremely confident."

Crooking his eyebrows up, Zeke smirked. "So, how are you so confident? How do you KNOW Good will prevail in the end?"

Laughing, Father Aviles brought out his bible and placed it onto the table. "Well I cheated. I skipped ahead to the end and saw how the whole thing worked out. Warning, I have a major spoiler alert here. Jesus wins in the end."

Both men were still laughing and talking when Jasmine walked in the front door and sighed. "This looks like the beginning of a bad joke. A tattooed ex biker and a Priest walk into a bar and..."

"Jasmine!!! Pull up a chair and join us. Father Aviles and I were just discussing the nature of God, evil and free will..."

Walking over to the table, already in her uniform Jasmine snickered. Picking up a few of the empty bottles she shook her head. "Yeah, I can see it was quite a deep conversation." Turning to the Priest Jasmine smiled. "Good to see you again, Father. What brings you in so early today? You don't seem the booze houndy type."

"I am meeting Doug Schone, as well as Ed and Lorraine Clearwater today. We are going over to your friend Gus's house to perform an exorcism."

Shocked at his candor, Zeke yelled out. "Holy Crap! Really? I figured you were here to listen to Doug's confession. After seeing his behavior with those three hotties the other night, he no doubt would have a spicier than normal confession to give."

"You are going to Gus's? Does he know about this?" Jasmine asked, her eyes narrowing in obvious anger.

"I think so. Doug said he was going to get him to invite us. This is very serious Jasmine, very serious. There are dark forces at work here, darker than I have ever encountered before. If Doug can't get Gus to invite us in, do you think you could ask him yourself?"

"Good luck with that!" Zeke laughed, downing his beer fast before getting up to get more.

"Yeah no shit!" she shouted as she glowered over at Zeke. "That place is not right but I really doubt Gus is going to go along with this." Jasmine answered icily.

"Why? Surely he must know he is living in a haunted house."

"That I don't know, and frankly, I don't care."

"So, I guess you and Gus are off again, eh?" Zeke smirked, having seen this movie many many times before.

"You could say that." Turning back to Father Aviles she said "Look Father, I wish Gus the best, really I do, but frankly after his piggish behavior the other night count me out on your scheme. I do not want to be involved."

"Zeke, could you bring me another while you are up, and bring one for Jasmine too." Father Aviles said gently as he bade Jasmine to sit down.

"Sure thing Padre, but let me warn you. I have watched these two go through their hot and heavy loving stage to cobra and mongoose act for years. I think you might have better luck fighting demons than getting her to change her mind". Returning now with three beers, he mockingly flinched at the dagger like glare coming from Jasmine's eyes.

"I don't know, Zeke. Jasmine here is a good woman with a good heart. I know she will do the right thing."

Out in the DuChamp house, the police helicopter had just pulled away with the body bags of Marie and Camille when the roar of another copter stirred the waves of sea grass. Looking out at the helicopter speeding across the bayou, Samuel sighed as he saw the call letters of WDSU, the local new station emblazoned across the tail fin.

"Guess you should have used the confidential code on the radio boss" Patrick laughed.

"Shut up Patrick, just shut up and let me do the talking."

Greeting the craft as it landed onto the patch of dry land, Samuel produced his badge and held it up in the air as he mustered up his most authoritative "cop voice".

"Gentlemen you are going to have to go elsewhere to ambulance chase. This is an active crime scene and you are going to have to leave."

"Hey man, don't bust our ass here. We know something big is going on and everyone is covering something up. Ever heard of something called the constitution buddy? Freedom of the Press? Do these things ring a bell to you, or do they only teach you guys how to beat up homeless men and shake hookers down for blowjobs at the academy."

His face glowing red with rage, it took all of willpower not to deck the reporter gloating into his face. Darren Ross, chief investigative reporter for WDSU had brought his whole crew out to the swamps, having had to use all of his power of persuasion on his general manager to agree to let him have the copter for the day. His police scanner constantly on, he knew something was a foot. Hearing the odd term " Code Mongoose" the night before, when he called his normal and reliable informants inside the department, he was met with a wall of silence. Even his normal bribes did not work and he knew that meant only one thing and that thing led to something big. His big break came when he got Samuel's APB and monitoring the airwaves for the intense and over the top reaction, he knew this was the key. As he continued baiting the officer, he smiled smugly as he saw his camera man begin sneaking around the back of the house. Now he knew, all he had to do was stall.

For the next ten minutes the insults flew loud and increasingly personal and hilarious. Men's mother's virtues were challenged. The size of their reproductive organs were discussed in an open air forum before finally Samuel discussed the possibility of performing a very delicate pedal anus insertion procedure which he assured Darren would smart as he was wearing his steel toes. As the conversation continued, it ended when the scream of the camera man shattered through the air like a gunshot.

"Darren!!! Get in here NOW!"

Temporarily stunned by the noise, Patrick and Samuel stood silently as Darren rushed into the house and burst through the crime scene tape and in the front door. Bounding up the steps, when he ran into the back room and saw ample evidence of the gory scene that must have taken place, he directed the camera man back to the aircraft.

"This is big Jim, REAL BIG. We need to get back to New Orleans NOW!!!" Rushing out of the house, Samuel and Patrick stood defiantly in front of the door, but not wanting a lawsuit, they did nothing as he pushed his way out. It was not illegal to do what they were doing, and both he and Darren knew it. He was licked, and Samuel only hoped the chief would not have his ass as a paperweight on his desk by morning.

Speeding across the bayou in the copter, Darren yelled over the noise into his cellphone as he had just dialed one of his confidential sources in the police department. Barking loudly, he screamed "Look fucker, I am going to find out what is going on soon enough, but if you want your check this month you need to tell me what you know now. I just was at the DuChamp house and what I saw looked like something out of a horror movie. I need to know what you know and I need to know it now." Holding a finger in his free ear, Darren smiled as the informant, now knowing that the news was going to break anyway, spilled everything he knew. Grinning wildly, Darren made another call, but this one was to the General Manager of WDSU. Hearing his story, every camera unit that could be mustered was now en route to East Jefferson Hospital.

Back at "Mom's", a small diner across the street from the hospital, the chief and Bill were enjoying another cup of coffee and an excellent, and quite generous, bowl of shrimp and grits.

"Myrtle, this is absolutely fantastic! Nothing like some good of S&G to fix me right up."

The aging waitress smiled as she refilled both their cups and brought another basket of biscuits. Mom's was a favorite for those visiting the hospital, and the large clear window gave a clear shot of the entrance to the hospital. For the past few minutes the chief and his primary investigator had been discussing the ramifications of the murders of Camille and Marie DuChamp. Everything seemed to be tied together; the murders of Tony, the two women in the swamp, Ed Clearwater and the rape attempt of Lorraine but it was not clear exactly how. Hoping it would snap into place before the glaring white hot spotlight of publicity made his life more difficult, when he saw five WDSU news vans speed into the parking lot, he knew that that window was now closed. When he saw the news copter land on the helipad, he knew the window not only was closed, but locked.

Sighing, the chief got up and took two twenties out of his wallet and placed them on the table. Waving at the waitress, he said "Gotta run Myrtle, keep the change."

"Thanks honey!" she called back, her broad friendly voice dripping with the sachariney sweet accent of a long past time. Walking slowly across the street, the chief shook his head as he saw the place burst alive with energy, reporters and camera men running around like rapid dogs let loose in a butcher shop. Seeing the chief, both he and Bill covered their eyes with their hands as the bright glare of the television lights blinded them both.

Back at Zeke's Jasmine was listening in amusement to the growing theological discussion between her boss and the increasingly drunken priest. Smiling blankly, she had to admit she was impressed by the Priest's case to help out with Gus. Not knowing whether it was the beer, or her obvious attraction for Gus, she was slowly starting to melt, her anger to him dissipating with each drink. Looking up at the TV set over the bar, perpetually muted but always on, a cold icy chill ran through her body.

Pointing wildly with her face frozen with terror she screamed. "Captain Tony, that is Captain Tony!!! Turn it up, turn up the volume Zeke!!!"

Spinning around in his chair, Zeke's face dropped too. There on the screen was a picture of Captain Tony with the red glaring headline "HORROR IN THE BIG EASY!" Turning up the volume, he returned to his seat and watched in shock with Jasmine and Father Aviles as the newscaster began speaking.

"New Orleans is a city of fear today as murder stalks the big easy. Reports have come in overnight of a series of heinous ritualistic murders have claimed multiple victims. We must warn our viewers now, that the content to follow is of a graphic nature and may be disturbing to our more sensitive viewers." Watching intensely, the fates of Tony, Camille and Marie were described, from the beheadings and defacing of Tony, to the complete mutilation and ritualistic nature of their murders. Sobbing quietly, Jasmine put her head down as Father Aviles patted her head and Zeke got up to make more coffee.

"Freaky man, freaky freaky shit!" Zeke exclaimed as he returned with three cups of coffee, now craving the clear headed sensation of sobriety. The sudden news of the murder of people he had just been out with was quite sobering on its own but caffeine would help. "It must be drug related. I mean, Captain Tony hung out with some unsavory people you now."

"I don't know Zeke, I don't know!" Jasmine said through more sobs. "I am really scared now. I mean, they were all with us over at Gus's house and..."

Hearing the news caster break in again, they all three looked up at the screen pensively, scared of what terrible new thing would be revealed. As a file photo of Ed and Lorraine Clearwater flashed onto the screen Father Aviles gasped.

"Dear God no! NO!!! NO!!!!!!"

The newscaster broke in again as old film clips of Ed and Lorraine Clearwater's show played in a side screen. "In a bizarre and macabre twist, Ed and Lorraine Clearwater, world famous supernatural investigators and host of multiple popular television shows have added their names to the growing names of the victims. Last night Mr. Clearwater's mutilated body was found in Saint Louis Cemetery, and his wife was apparently sexually assaulted in their own home. Details are hard to come by as the police are being quite tight lipped, but sources say that he too was decapitated and his face removed post mortem. According to police sources, Mrs. Clearwater was able to successfully fend off her attackers and initial reports indicate that she may have killed one or more of her assailants. She is currently recovering at East Jefferson Hospital, but we have no word on her condition as of this hour. Police are baffled by..."

Holding his face in his hands, Father Aviles felt sick. His good friend Ed was dead and Lorraine was grievously injured. Looking over at Jasmine he saw her face turn pale and serious, tears streaming down her cheeks as she lightly shook. Looking back at Zeke, Father Aviles noted that his normal casual demeanor was gone and his face had an ashen look, like a man who just had received a death sentence. Clearing his throat as he gathered his wits, Father Aviles spoke. "So, do you still wonder if Evil is an active force in this world?"

"GUS! We have to warn Gus!" Jasmine blurted out, her voice cracking with emotion. Pulling out her phone she dialed his number and mouthed a silent prayer that he would pick up. Getting his voicemail message, she sighed and began trembling.

"We will dear, we will. We are not just going to warn him but it is obvious that we have been called to do combat with the evil one." Father Aviles stated emotionless as he sat up ramrod straight.
