 Back at Magnolia Grove, Gus fitfully struggled against his bonds, his whole body dripping in sweat. Tense, his ass was lifted off of the bed and his toes were curled as he hovered right on the edge of orgasm, the black undulating mass now flowing all over his body. Teasing and tickling his shaft, the warm black ooze felt like velvet on his overly stimulated manhood.

For hours Gus had drifted, like a feather tossed on a warm spring breeze, up to but not beyond the point of release. The Mass, swirling and bubbling in its liquefied state stroked every inch of his body, consistently keeping his cock hard but his balls full. Shaking and shuddering, his whole body tense, he begged pitifully for release. "Please, Dear GOD PLEASE!"

Laughing, the Demon would not relent, and as yet another tiny bud of precum formed on his glistening dark red cockhead, it pulsed with energy and it swirled into a tube and lapped up his essence before ceasing all touch in order to have his body come back from the edge. So close to cumming, Gus pumped wildly into the empty air, desperate for one lone lick to release him. After twenty minutes, he collapsed onto the bed, his body aching both from exhaustion but defeat. Once lying flat and seeing that his cock began to soften, the warm dark misty form began to stroke him to full erection again.

Groaning and panting like mad, his mind felt like mush as he hovered on the edge of insanity, locked inside a nightmare from which he could not awake. Not knowing whether he was awake or asleep, the mass reached out tendrils which appeared to be a tongue and began gently nibbling at his nipples and ear lobes. Whispering into his ear, its hot breath scorching his face, it cackled "Oh yes, dear Antoine, yes. A fresh young body is on her way! I cannot wait to squeeze inside her and feel you finish your business in my snatch."

Over at the Cathedral, the sanctuary was empty, morning mass having ended hours earlier. Father Aviles was dressed in his purple stole and vestments, both for the upcoming exorcism but also for this emergency baptism. Holding his hands over the surface of the water in the font he spoke.

"I bless this water in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Crossing himself, Father Aviles turned to Jasmine.

"Do you renounce Satan and all of the works of the Devil?"

"I do" she answered.

"Do you accept the gift of Holy Baptism, devoting your life to Christ?"

"I do."

"Then by the power of the Holy Ghost, I Baptize you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." He continued as he poured the sanctified water over her forehead. Making the sign of the cross below her bangs, he applied the holy oil and completed the ceremony. "With this oil you are sealed by the power of God and entered into the book of life."

Zeke, watching from the corner of the dark candle lit chapel felt his stomach flutter. A cynic for so long, being thrust back into the world of religion was jarring to him but seeing what he had seen, and knowing the stakes, his heart swelled as he felt a power surge within him. Jasmine, her hair wet from her Baptism now shook lightly as her body was filled both with fear but also a renewed sense of purpose. Standing in silence, she waited for Father Aviles to announce their plans.

Opening his black case, Father Aviles pulled out two empty plastic bottles and filled them with Holy water. Handing one to Zeke and the other to Jasmine, he spoke. "Take this. Once our work begins at the house, we are going to need as many weapons in our arsenal as we can muster."

Looking out over the empty church, Father Aviles felt his stomach roil. The afternoon sun was streaming through the darkened nave, and casting gorgeous colorful patterns on the marble floor from the stained glass. This was always his favorite time to be in the church, especially if he was alone. Seeing the enormous golden Crucifix hanging over the main altar, and noting the reflections on the floor, he knew it was getting to be late afternoon. They would have to hurry now, as to fight the demonic forces at Magnolia Grove at night would be far more difficult than in the day. Rushing out of the Cathedral, the three of them got into Zeke's truck and began driving towards the garden district.

Thirty minutes later, they all sat in Zeke's truck across the street from Magnolia Grove and said nothing. The tension in the car was palpable and each one of them knew that what was about to happen was going to test them all to their limits. Looking into the driveway, Jasmine saw Gus's car was there.

"Well, it looks like he is home" she said, her voice quivering. Pulling out her cellphone she once again tried his number, but once his voicemail message started she hung up. "He is still not answering. God in Heaven I hope he is ok."

"Me too, Jasmine. Me too." Father Aviles spoke in a calm reassuring tone. Stepping out of the cab of the truck, they all slowly walked up to the porch, their steps growing slower and slower as they all felt a wave of dread flow over them. Zeke felt his palms sweat and for the first time since his service in Vietnam he had that electrical surge rush through his neck that always alerted him to danger. Jasmine felt equally scared but also terribly worried. Her eyes filling with tears she hoped that her last conversation with Gus would not be their fight. Father Aviles was different. Although as equally concerned and nervous as the others, he felt invigorated, like a prize fighter entering a ring for a championship bout. As they reached the bottom step of the marble mansion they all jumped as a loud noise startled them all.

Barking loudly and frantically, Angeline rushed up to Jasmine and began whining and pawing desperately at her leg.

Looking down, Jasmine grew even more frightened as she knew that Gus would never leave Angeline outside by herself. He loved that dog like a child and her being found alone on the porch was definitely a harbinger of danger.

They all jumped again when Maxine called out from her porch next door. "I don't think he is home."

"Christ, you scared us Mrs. Clark!" Jasmine cried as she gripped her chest and picked up Angeline into her arms. The dog, for her part, was whining and wriggling to get away, desperate to get down so she could claw her way inside.

"Sorry about that, but I do not think he is home yet. Angeline came over last night. Somehow she must have gotten out when Gus left. She has been a nervous wreck since as you can see."

Petting the frightened dog, Jasmine nodded. "You say she got out last night when Gus left? I am shocked he hasn't missed her since that is his car."

"By God you are right!" Maxine exclaimed as she glanced over and saw the car. "That is VERY odd, I certainly hope everything is alright. I know how much he loves that little fluff muffin and surely he would notice her missing."

Her face dropping, Jasmine started to cry as she desperately turned the doorknob. "Oh Gus! I am so worried."

Looking over at Jasmine, Zeke and Father Aviles, Maxine grew worried too. She had a genuine affection for Gus, despite their rocky first meeting, and seeing the three of them (especially with a Priest) got her worried. "What is this all about?" she asked in a trembling voice.

"Mrs. Clark" the Priest answered. "I am Father Leo Aviles, a Priest at St. Louis Cathedral and, well, I am afraid this is serious."

"Oh My God!" she exclaimed as she quickly snapped her hand to her mouth. "I hope he is not ill?"

"No, at least not physically. Can you help us help Gus? We really need to get inside and, well, we need to be invited." He replied.

Her face flushing, Maxine nodded. "I will certainly do anything I can to help. As it turns out, I saw Gus put a spare key out on the porch last night before he went out so we should be able to get in without any trouble." Walking over to the brick, she lifted it and smiled as the key glinted in the sunshine. "See, it is still here."

Father Aviles grinned as Maxine walked over to the front door and put the key in the lock. Turning it, the heavy metallic thud of the tumbler echoed as the brass lock was opened. All four of them stood ramrod still on the porch, obviously afraid to enter. Angeline, unable to stand it anymore, leapt out of Jasmine's arms and stood in front of the closed oaken door, her fur standing on edge and her normal playful yip now a threatening growl. Jumping up on the door, she pushed it open and ran inside, growling threateningly as she stood at the bottom of the staircase.

"Does that count as an invitation?" Zeke joked. His brief attempt at humor, meant to diffuse the tension had the opposite effect. Maxine, seeing the door open grew pale as the wave of heat radiated out onto the porch. Whispering to Father Aviles, she excused herself and walked back to her house.

Jasmine, Zeke and Father Aviles now stood alone, all frozen to the porch and waiting for some sort of burst of courage to move them forward. Finally, after a good ten minutes of silence, and hearing the increasingly threatening growls from Angeline, they all walked inside. Entering, Jasmine felt herself instantly grow wet as a powerful aphrodisiacal wave slammed into her face as she set her left foot inside. Her eyes now blurry, the heat radiating from the dark interior was overwhelming, and seared her body. Looking down at her arm she saw it glisten with sweat as the heat seemed to burn both from the inside and outside of her skin at the same time.

Father Aviles had a similar reaction as he set foot inside. Feeling his cock stir in his pants, out of the corner of his eye, now clogged with sweat, he saw a figure breeze into a side parlor. Turning to look, his eyes grew wide as they tried to adjust to the dark interior, made even more clouded by the shimmering waves of heat that seemed to pour down the stairs.

Zeke too felt the furnace like blast and despite his false bravado he looked up at the landing at the top of the stairs and screamed. "Holy fuck! What are YOU doing here?"

Hearing his cry, Father Aviles and Jasmine both turned to look and immediately were stiff with both terror but also astonishment. Jasmine, looking up the stairs dropped from shuddering terror to smoldering lust as the image of Gus appeared before her. Oddly misty and clouded, he never looked sexier to her than he did right now. Wearing only the dark purple robe she gave him last Christmas, the look of complete sexual mastery on his face had her gushing oceans of her honey into her panties. Strolling confidently down the stairs, she felt herself grow weak as she watched him approach. Robe half open, his fully developed pecs and abs were on full display, and in his hands he carried two wine glasses and a Champagne bottle. She knew the look on his face, as she had seen it many times before. This was the look he got right before they had sex, and as he licked his lips he gazed at her with a hunger that had her stomach fluttering.

Looking up the stairs himself, Father Aviles gulped. To him, the woman from the trolley now stood at the top of the stairs, stark naked and punching every button on his erogenous zones. Trying to force himself to look away he could not, the image so searingly erotic his natural male urges had him paralyzed. His cock now at full mast in his pants, he felt it throb as she slowly descended the stairs; her full hips swaying and large luscious breasts lightly bouncing as she placed her bare foot on each step. Running her right hand up and down her stomach, she glared at him with a predator like stare that nearly knocked him back onto the floor.

Zeke also was entranced by his vision although he could not make sense of it. There at the top of the stairs, not looking a day older than the last time he saw her, was his old girlfriend Mui from Vietnam. On his last tour of duty, back in 1972, the two of them had spent the single most erotic weekend of his life in a cheap two dollar a night hotel in Saigon. Her flawless brown body and perfectly coiffed wisp of pubic hair beckoned him to bury bury his face in between those tiny thighs. "Mui, Mui, my God it has been over forty..." he cried as she slithered up to him and grabbed his hard cock through his pants.

"Yes, Loverman, it be long time. You make up for lost time. You eat my wingtu now, it be too long to wait!" Grabbing his ears, the tiny woman pushed down on his shoulders and Zeke helplessly dropped to his knees. Pushing his face into her tiny snatch, she giggled as she parted her legs and guided his eager mouth to her warm snatch. Purring uncontrollably, she grabbed the back of his bald head and gripped him tightly to her body, pouring her liquid all over his frantically thrashing tongue.

Moaning as he tasted her warm musky feminine wine, Zeke lost all sense of time and space. It had been so long since they had been together and as he gripped her tiny perfect ass and felt her stiff nipples rub over the top of his head he licked and sucked like a wildman. No longer a sixty plus tattooed bar owner in New Orleans, he was transported back to being a scared nineteen-year-old infantryman having the wild kind of raucous sex only scared nineteen-year-old soldiers can have.

On the other side of the foyer Jasmine was in heaven. At her feet, Gus knelt on the floor. Now disrobed and throbbing with the hardest erection she had ever seen him have, he held her foot in his hand and was kissing his way up her calf. Grabbing his head in her hands, she gripped his thick full head of hair tight in her fingers and shuddered in pleasure as he ran his hands up her skirt and found the v of her sopping silk panties. Lovingly biting her inner thigh, like a starving man being served his first meal in weeks, he pushed her skirt up and gripped her underwear in his teeth. Growling playfully, she looked down into his kind brown eyes and saw the grin on his face as he bit through the fabric and flung them over to the corner. So overcome by lust and swept away by the vision now expertly licking her pussy, she was no longer on a mission with Zeke and Father Aviles, but completely alone with the love of her life.

Father Aviles, already sweating from the excessive heat which now began blur his vision from the perspiration raining into his eyes. Unable to move, or even blink, the vision walking towards him was like a wet dream come to life. The chaste life of a Catholic Priest was not an easy one, and many nights he stroked himself off to erotic images that constantly assaulted his brain. Unlike many men of the cloth, he had a strong libido and chastity was a constant struggle, but, he had abstained. Now as the woman of every erotic desire he ever had walked boldly naked down the stairs, he knew this was a test he may not pass.

The girl was gorgeous. Long dark hair flowing over her milky white shoulders. Completely and unashamedly naked, her curvy form dared him to worship. Confident of victory over her horny prey, she sauntered down to stand before him. Reaching out with her hand, she brazenly grabbed his erection through his black polyester pants. "Oh such a waste!" she cackled as she felt his member throb under the fabric. Unzipping his pants and snaking her delicate fingers inside his boxers, she cupped his balls and lightly scratched the underside. "So much lust in these plums Padre. So much lust! Oh how I know you want to shove this cock of yours up inside my hot wet tight pussy."

Shaking uncontrollably, Father Aviles was unable to speak, animal like groans being the only sound to emit from his mouth. Feeling his mouth water, he grew dizzy, completely and totally swept away by the dream like figure in front of him. Helpless like a kitten, when she stepped back and pointed to the floor, he fell to the ground instantly. Feeling her foot run up his thigh and her toes grip his bulging throbbing cockhead, he moaned. "Please! Please God give me strength!"

"Your God is dead, Priest!" she snickered as she lazily ran her toes up and down his shaft. Seeing the flaming wolf like stare in his eyes as he gazed at her bare pussy, she reached forward with both of her hands and pulled his face into her crotch. "This is your God now!" she laughed as instantly he began licking and sucking her dripping cooch.

Tasting the musky flavor of aroused feminine beauty, Father Aviles nearly came. She was so delicious, and not a day had gone by that he had not fantasized about loving and tasting a woman like this. No number of rosaries said, or penances performed could ever drive his lust from his body. Now that it was right here in the flesh before him, he fell down a well of desire that he felt he could never climb out of.

Jasmine spasmed and screamed as a toe curling orgasm ripped from her body. Sweat pouring off her like a river while her fingers dug into the neck of Gus worshipping her womanhood better than he ever had before. Suddenly her screams of pleasure were replaced by a pang of pain as she felt sharp fangs dig into her left calf. The shock of the pain shooting up her leg broke her stupor and as she rapidly turned back to see what caused it. The sight of ferocious little Angeline desperately biting her leg woke her up with a jolt. Screaming, she looked forward and saw that instead of the handsome naked body of Gus performing glorious cunnilingus on her body, a pitch black amorphous mass was pulsing through her legs. Sticking to her skin like tar, she shrieked as she tried to push the blob off of her body. Looking over to her left, she saw Father Aviles and Zeke, both on their knees with the same blob covering their faces. Tumbling backwards, she fell and knocked into Father Aviles black bag.

Grabbing a bottle of holy water from the bag, she opened it and poured it onto the demonic form still sucking her clit. As the water fell onto the top of the swirling mass, steam rose from the surface as the liquid boiled on its flesh. Screeching in pain, the mass recoiled back towards the bottom of the staircase into a bubbling puddle before dissolving. Shaking her head free of the spell, she looked over to her left and saw both Father Aviles and Zeke writhing on the floor, the mass now having retracted from their bodies.

"Zeke!!" she screamed as she rushed over and cupped the back of his neck and cradled his head in her lap. Looking over at Father Aviles she started hyperventilating as his face was blue and he appeared dead. Reaching over to him with her foot she pushed his face with her heel and exhaled loudly in relief as he started coughing, obviously breathing again. Looking down into Zeke's face she wept as it was obvious he too was not breathing.

"Zeke! Zeke! Wake up God Damnit!!!" she shrieked as she desperately tried blowing air into his mouth. Feeling his body stir and begin to convulse, she rocked back and forth crying as he leaned over and began coughing uncontrollably, sweet life giving air refilling his lungs.

"Wha- What happened!" he replied as he looked up into her eyes. "I thought for a minute I was back in... HOLY SHIT! What is going on!!!"

Jasmine jumped as she felt Father Aviles' hand on the back of her head. "Hail Mary, Mother of God..." he began chanting as his quivering voice began the rosary. Hearing his voice, she gripped his hand tight and looked up into his face. Thinking it would be comforting she immediately felt queasy as the look of utter terror on his face unnerved her even worse.

"Father, what the hell was that?" she cried.

As he started to speak they all snapped their heads up towards the landing as a huge growl shook the house.

"Foolish Priest!" a voice boomed from the hot darkness as a smoky black mist began to collect on the stairs. "I should have known better than to come to you as a delightful piece of pussy. You Nazarene fuckers are all the same. Perhaps an eight-year-old altar boy would have been more to your taste!"
