 Eight months later whispers still surrounded the odd murders over the summer but no official report ever was released. The police had been amazingly efficient in covering the whole matter up, blaming drug dealers for the grisly killings. Pete Landrieu won an overwhelming election and with his influence, all connections to Gus and therefore to him by the odd events were quickly buried. Bribes were paid, threats were made, but lips remained closed.

Doug was never found nor missed. It was assumed that he came to some bad end and after a few weeks, no one spoke of him again. Ed and Lorraine Clearwater were the subject of several documentaries and many in the so-called "supernatural" community spoke of a dark conspiracy around their death but due to the chief prosecutor being an old college roommate of Pete's no official inquiry was ever had. Zeke returned to his bar and despite now sporting a crucifix around his neck, he never spoke of his experience ever again. Father Aviles, after dutifully reporting the exorcism to the Arch-Bishop was promptly transferred to a monastery in Rome and placed under a vow of silence. Similarly, Sarah now resided in a convent in Alabama, deciding to take her vows after her brush with evil. Back at Magnolia Grove however, the atmosphere was surprisingly light.

"Hey Babe, what is that delicious smell?" Gus called out as he strolled into the kitchen, Angeline wagging her tail madly as she followed.

"King Cake you heathen! You know Mardi Gras is Tuesday right?" Jasmine called back as she spun around to look at her two kitchen visitors.

"Mmmmmm, God that smells good." Gus replied as he reached forward to scrape off some of the icing off of the cake. "And I love the baking outfit!" Licking his lips, he felt himself grow hard at the sight of his girlfriend, wearing only one of his old shirts and a pair of panties cooking semi-naked in their kitchen.

Smacking his hand with her spatula, Jasmine giggled. "No no, you naughty boy. This is for the Mardi Gras party later."

Looking back at her with sad puppy eyes, when she turned back to continue baking he walked up close behind her and began kissing the back of her neck, his growing erection pushing out of his boxer shorts against her panties. Feeling his manhood against her body, she sighed.

"Let me get this in the oven first. Jesus, you have a one track mind." Smirking as she saw him standing in front of her with a lewd hard on and wearing only his boxers she leaned forward to his ear. "Why don't you go get up on the bed and I will be right up. I am feeling a bit adventurous today."

Bolting out of the room, Gus ran up the stairs two at a time, laughing as he called back to her. "Don't have to tell me twice." Stripping off his shorts he flopped into the middle of his bed. Since the incident over last summer, he and Jasmine had finally moved in together, admitting their obvious love for one another. Hearing her bare feet padding up the stairs, he grinned, mentally preparing himself for another lovely afternoon of her lovely pussy being serviced by his eager tongue. Hearing the door creak open, he sat up on his elbows and grinned as she walked into the room.

He knew the look that was on her face well, the look of a woman totally in love and completely in lust. Crawling up onto the foot of the bed, she lazily licked up from his balls to the tip of his cock as he moaned, falling back onto the pillow in bliss.

"So... You expect me to take care of this I suppose?"

"Yes please!" he joked as he felt her straddle his chest. Feeling her right hand close over his eyes, and hearing the drawer to his nightstand open, he knew she meant business. As she sat back up on his stomach and took his left wrist in her hands she winked as she slapped the cuffs over his hand.

"You are going to have to earn your blowjob boy!" she said with a laugh as she quickly cuffed him to the headboard.

Closing his eyes in bliss and opening his mouth he growled appreciatively as she lowered her dripping snatch onto his mouth. Right as his vision was blocked he froze as he heard her speak.

"You are mine again to play with I see, Joues de Mile!"

The End.