 He grabbed her hand as the blood ran from her delicate, pale finger and began to pool in the center of her hand. As the red tendril of blood began to run from the pool in her palm down to her wrist, his tongue snaked from between his lips and licked the line from the wrist back up to her palm. He lapped the blood pooled there, like a kitten lapping at a bowl of warm milk. He omitted a noise like no other she had ever heard. A deep, low hum -- almost like a fan was running inside him.

He lapped faster and faster like he couldn't get enough of her essence. All the blood was gone in seconds from her palm. She felt his tongue probing the cut on her finger. It was an odd feeling, not really unpleasant and not painful -- more like a low, sexual tingle, close to the pleasure/pain threshold. 

She watched him like a theater patron watching a play. She could feel the warmth of his tongue as he hit the middle of her palm with the length of his tongue, causing warmth there. Felt the tingle, a slight burning sensation as his tongue licked from her palm to the cut on her finger. As his lips clamped one final time over the cut, a fireside, drugged, sleepiness overcame her and she dozed briefly. She woke in her car and operated on auto pilot as she drove home. As soon as she lay down on her bed, her eyes fluttered and she slept.

The sunlight streaking across her cheek awoke her. She moaned and rolled over, out of the path of the burning rays, her head a dull ache. She glanced at the clock -- 8:32. She sat up with a start, what day was it? It took her a panicked minute to get her bearings. Saturday, it was Saturday. She fell back against the pillows. What had she done last night? She raised her hand to her face, trying to rub the sleep from her eyes and shake the cob webs from her brain.

Something brushed her cheek; she held her hand in front of her face -- a Band-Aid. She flashed back to the night before; everything came rushing back to her. All the prior evenings events rushed her at warped speed, she felt like she was watching a movie in fast forward.

She had met him clubbing while out with her girlfriends. He was the dark mysterious type. He had bought her a drink from the other end of bar, at the last stop of the night. She was sitting at the bar, in the corner at the Cross Light - a bar on the outskirts of town. All her friends had paired up for the night and had left the bar, either with the man they came with or with one they picked up that night. 

As she sat there and pondered whether she would order another drink, the bartender brought over a drink, "It's from a gentleman who said to enjoy the drink, and if you would like to join him after that one at his table, you are welcome to do so."

She was caught off guard, her cheeks flushed as she took the drink and glanced around the bar and then back to the bartender, "Is it the gentleman in the black turtleneck? Over there?" She motioned with a nod over head.

"That is correct, the man in the black." He said as he wiped down the bar in front of her.

She was feeling warm from the drinks she had already finished, combined with the attention of a handsome, mysterious man who had sent her the drink. She wanted to play coy, so she crossed her legs, sipped on her drink and glanced across the bar at her mystery man again. Her face reddened even more as he was staring directly at her, a smile on his face. He lifted his drink in her direction as she quickly looked back at her own, took a big swig and pulled her cigarettes out of her purse. She rolled the cigarette on the end of her tongue, enjoying the menthol tingle there. She slowed her breathing as she enjoyed the rest of her drink, pulled on her smoke and could feel his eyes on her.

Twenty minutes after he had sent her the drink, she finished the last swallow from her glass, put out her second smoke and rose from her bar stool. She put the tip on the bar and turned and walked to the ladies room. She preened in the mirror -- still not sure if she was going to leave or stroll over to his table. She would make her decision as she walked. She pushed the door open; she had to walk past him to either leave or to join him at his table. As she neared his table, he rose from his chair and pulled a chair for her from the table, "Miss?"

"Oh, ummmm, thanks." She was thrown off guard again as he held the chair and motioned for her to sit.

"Glad you decided to stay." He said has he sat beside her.

Did she really make it look that obvious that she wasn't sure she was going to stay? "I hope I am glad I made that decision." She said as she smiled nervously.

He held out his hand, "We haven't been introduced, I'm James. My middle name is Levanth, and that is what I prefer to be called."

She noticed his slender hands, the sleeve of his black shirt went past his wrist, a silver watch and then he was holding her hand in his, pulling it towards him as he bent and kissed the back of her hand.

"Diane, I'm Diane. Most people call me Di." She managed to get out of her throat as she felt the lingering feeling of his warm lips against the back of her cool hand.

She felt her face redden again as she pulled her hand back, so much for playing it cool. The bartender brought over another round of drinks. They chatted for the better part of an hour, his voice soothing and putting her at ease. He talked of traveling all over the United States and Europe. Asking her about her life, her work, and her travels -- which in comparison to his were meager at best.

The bartender made last call at a quarter till two.

"I'll walk you to your car?" He said, more of a statement than a question.

"Sure. Thanks." She said with a little bit of hesitation as she stood and slid her purse over her shoulder. She felt under a spell when she was looking directly into his dark eyes. When she wasn't look into them, she felt a little un-nerved.

All of a sudden his voice was behind her, "Here's your coat." He said as he held it out for her to put her arms in. His fingers grazed the back of her neck as he slid the coat into place. Shivers travelled down her back from his touch.

She barely knew this man? What was her issue? She chided herself as they walked towards the door. He held the door open for her; she noticed the black coat over his black shirt, black pants. Did he always dress so dark?

He took her arm as they walked. Was she leading him to her car? He almost seemed to be steering her and she didn't know who had arrived at the bar first.

"How do you know which car is mine? She asked.

"Just following your lead, dear. Not really sure which car it is." He said as they walked up to her blue Ford Escort.

He let go of her arm and she instantly missed the pressure of his hand holding her arm as she unlocked the door.

"Well, thanks for the drinks and the company." She said as she threw her purse on the front seat and raised her eyes to meet his.

"You are very welcome my dear. Can I get your phone number so I can call you to see you again?" He asked as he pulled out a notebook and a pen from his jacket.

"Yes." She answered without hesitation as she gave him her number.

As he was writing, she leaned in the car pulled another cigarette out of her purse. As she stood he was already standing there, the flame from his lighter flickering back and forth, he lit her cigarette for her. As she set her hand down on the top of the door and took a drag of her smoke, she let out a yelp.

"Damn!" Her cigarette fell into a puddle at her feet and she pulled her hand back. She had cut her ring finger on something sharp and it was bleeding fairly well. That was when he grabbed her hand.

Her headache pulled her back to the present. She glanced down at what she was wearing. She was still in her clothes from the night before -- her shoes were still on. Did I drink that much? I shouldn't have driven home. Had she really met him? Would he call?

The phone rang seconds later. Diane grabbed it right away, "Hello?"

"Di, how did your night end up?" Sam wanted to know.

Diane let out the air she was holding in her lungs.

Diane and Sam chatted for a while about their evenings. Diane was in a hurry to get off the phone in case he called. She wrapped up the conversation, promising to call and update Sam if he called.

She undressed, took a shower, letting the hot water run down her body. Decided to soak in the tub for a while, and catch up on her reading. She couldn't shake her sleepy feeling all day. She was just warm and cozy and didn't feel like doing a thing. The rainy, dark weather didn't help the matter either. 

His call came four days later, at 10pm. She was back in the tub, relaxing after work. She ran to catch the phone, dripping water down the hall as she jumped out of the tub.

"Good evening Di." His voice mellow and smooth, like a warm, dark liquor.

"Oh, hi. James, I mean Levanth? That was it -- correct?" She stumbled over her words. Trying to be cool; even though she had waited and wanted this call all week.

"Are you available to go out for drinks and dancing tomorrow night?" He asked.

She answered without even thinking, "Yes."

"Great. I will pick you up at 10. Sleep well." He said as he hung up the phone.

She sat listening to the dial tone. Her skin chilling in the night air as her body still dripped water onto the carpet.

She slept fitfully that night. Dreaming of dark shapes and noises in the night. She awoke several times in a sweat; listening in the dark and only hearing the sound of her own pulse echoing in her ear. Her eyes wide - as if in terror; her heart beating rapidly against the inside of her chest. She could not understand the reason for her nightmares.

She awoke feeling lousy, and that set the mood for her entire day. Her day dragged on and on as she couldn't wait for him to pick her up at 10. She realized she hadn't even told him her address, slightly panicked as she remembered she didn't even have his number to call him. 

"Diane." A voice said. "Di!" She felt someone shaking her arm. It was her co-worker, standing at Di's desk and holding a huge bouquet of flowers.

Diane jumped out of her seat, knocking it into the wall at her cubicle. "Are they for me?"

"Well, duh. I am standing at your desk." Cyndy placed the flowers on Di's desk and walked away. 

Diane pulled the card out of the flowers and opened it. The script was elegant and perfectly proportioned on the tiny card. It read, "Diane -- looking forward to this evening. I will call for directions when I am on the way. Fondly, Levanth"

She felt the heat in her face as several co-workers walking past stopped to smell the flowers. The flower's scent soon overtook her entire office. The rest of the day seemed like weeks. She flew out of her office and sped home to get ready. She drew a scented bath, the flowers on the bathroom counter, filling her living space with sweetness. She painted her toenails and fingernails a deep, blood red. She chose a black shift dress, black heels and black stockings with a seam up the back. She pulled her black hair up into a loose ponytail and wore her good sparkling diamond earrings and a thin gold chain with a heart on it.

The phone rang at 10 of 10. "Diane, I am on my way -- give me directions from the parkway." He stated.

Diane gave him directions and sat on the couch, nervously fidgeting with the hem of her black coat. She refused to look at the clock again and sat there humming to herself. The doorbell jolted her upright. She stood, smoothed her dress and coat and slipped her gloves on as she opened the door.

"Good evening my dear." Levanth said as he grabbed her hand and kissed it again. She could feel his warmth through her gloves. "How is the finger?" He asked as he held that hand beneath his nose, and kissed it again. 

"Good. Much better. I didn't really even remember cutting it. I guess I had more to drink than I thought, I don't remember much after that -- not even driving home." She laughed nervously, again she felt off her game as she locked the door and they rode the elevator to the lobby. He held the doors open for her and motioned to the black, limousine looking sedan idling at the curb. As they approached, the driver got out and opened the car door for them.

"Oh, thank you." Diane said surprised as she climbed into the back seat, Levanth sliding in behind her. The driver dropped them in front of a club after a short ride. They walked into the club and the hostess took them to a private table towards the back of the room. He took her coat and peeled her gloves off her hands and handed it all to the hostess. He then pulled her chair out for her, his fingers grazing her lower back as she sat.

They ordered dinner and drinks and then danced. Levanth was a smooth dancer and lead her around and around the dance floor. She was so at ease and moved flawlessly against him. She was breathing a little hard and was relieved when a slow song came on. He held out his arms, "Shall we?"

She felt in a trance as she looked into his eyes and was drawn into his arms. Answering not in words but with her physical response to his question. She was having a really good time. Feeling a little tipsy from the wine. His arms felt strong around her, his chest pressed against hers, his leg moving between hers. She felt her nipples harden against him as she thought about his maleness against her hip. His leg sliding in and out from between hers as they moved in a slow circle was beginning to make her want more than a dance.

He slid his hand from her back to her shoulder and traced her collar bone around the strap of her dress. His hand paused on the pulse in her neck, lightly stroking her skin. Her skin felt on fire under his touch. Her breath caught in her chest as he touched her.

"May I kiss you?" He whispered into her ear.

She raised her chin, her neck arched as she purred "Yes, kiss me."

He lowered his mouth to her neck, kissed the pulsing spot there, she felt the tip of his tongue flick her throat. Her back arched against him as this flame licked on her neck, and she moaned out loud as he covered her mouth with his. She kissed him ardently, hungrily. Like it was something she needed -- like air.

For one second she wondered what was happening -- she barely knew this man. She was grinding into him and he kissed her again. They danced to another song and he said, "Are you ready to leave?"

"Yes, yes I am so ready to leave." She laughed as they walked to the table to pay the bill. His arm on hers again, leading her. She felt like she had known him forever, but still didn't know any details about him. His last name, his family or his job. She quickly forgot these questions and once again became lost in his eyes and his touch.

He retrieved her coat from the hostess and helped her into it, his fingers pressing into her as he dressed her. He stood behind her, his hand following the contour of her neck, his body against the back of hers. He turned her and buttoned her coat. They walked out the door to the car waiting for them at the curb.

She slid over next to him, his arm around her. His other hand was resting in her lap, his finger running up and down the inside of her thigh. He kissed the spot on her neck again, his lips lingering there. She pressed herself against him again, turned her head and kissed him. He pushed his tongue into her mouth; it danced there with her tongue, his hand on her neck, the other hand sliding further up her thigh.

She was so engrossed in him; she didn't notice the driver's look in the rear view mirror, or Levanth's slight nod of the head in return. 

The driver pulled up in front of a brownstone, corner building on a darkened street. It was raining again. The driver hopped out, opened the door and handed Levanth an umbrella. He covered them both from the rain and he hurriedly led her up the pathway to the door. She heard the car shut off behind her as the walked into his house.

As soon as Levanth shut the door, he pushed her against it and tilted her head back as he began to kiss her. He kissed and licked her neck and chin as he unbuttoned her coat and dropped it to the floor. He began to unzip her dress as she breathed softly against his neck. He could smell her coppery blood racing through her veins and that excited him. She met his fevered kisses with her own as tugged the dress off her shoulders and it fell to the floor, lying on top of her coat. He smiled as he thought; the prey is getting easier and easier to catch. 

Levanth heard the back door shut and the lock engage as he picked Diane up and carried her to his bedroom. She was putty in his hands, wanting him to touch her everywhere at once. She pulled his shirt from his pants as he laid her down on the bed. He ripped the shirt open, popping the buttons, exposing his chest. He kissed her as his hands unhooked her bra underneath her and he yanked if off her, squeezing her breasts. He couldn't take is eyes off her throat. His cock throbbed with every beat of her heart.

He stood and pulled off the rest of his clothes. "You look amazing." She murmured as he ran his hand up the length of her still nylon clad leg, his hand pausing between her thighs.

"You are ready for me?" He asked, as she knew he could feel her wetness through her panties and nylons. 

"Yes, take me, take me now." She whimpered into the night air.

His hands traveled up her hip and squeezed her breasts again. He moaned aloud as he pushed her head back, exposing her neck. He kissed her pulse on her neck and turned her head by her chin as he kissed her hard on the mouth. She moved underneath him as his hand moved between her thighs. She pressed into his hand, wanting him inside her. He ripped a hole in her nylons with his fingernail and roughing pulled them apart and pushing her panties to the side as he exposed her to his probing fingers.

Levanth spread her legs with his knees and entered her, filling her completely, she arched her back and pushed down on him until his thighs were against the back of her legs. When she arched her back, she threw her head back, eyes closed moaning into the night, her head turned slightly to the side, the sweet spot of her neck beaconing him like a moth to the flame. He pumped his cock into her and she met his thrusts with her hips. Her pulse quickend as she became more excited and close to orgasm.

He tried to suppress his need, waiting for her to reach her climax. A growl erupting out of his throat as he brought his lips to her neck and felt the racing pulse against them; he covered her mouth with his hand and sunk his teeth into her exposed throat just as she thrust her hips against his and came on his cock. As the coppery taste of her filled his mouth, his orgasm crashed down on him and he filled her with his cum. Levanth's face was obscured by her black hair and the heat of her gushing into his mouth was all he could concentrate on. She bucked underneath him, no longer in lust but in an attempt to dislodge him from her throat. His mouth clamped harder onto her fount, his body pushing hers flat onto the bed as she screamed into his palm.

Diane's eyes flew open as she tried to push away from him when she felt his fangs invade her neck. It took her a few moments to figure out what had she thought just happened, and her eyes focused on a dark form in the back of the room. As the form stepped into the light she locked eyes on the driver from earlier in the night. Di hadn't paid much attention to the driver until now. Until the driver removed the hat and freed her vibrant red hair, her mouth open, fangs slightly bared, her mouth was parted as she watched Levanth feed. It was in this moment Di realized the driver was not going to help; no one was going to help her.

Di's eyes followed the driver, her strength waning, she no longer fought Levanth as he drained her. She watched as the driver ran her nails up Levanth's naked back, felt her fingers caressing his mouth where he was attached to her neck. 
