 The full moon shine brightly upon the abandoned warehouse, its light penetrating into the depths of the building seeping in through cracks and holes of the structure. Two boys' one nineteen and one eighteen were climbing the brick wall that surrounded the building. They were simply looking for somewhere to hold a large party away from prying eyes yet little did they know of a set of bright green eyes watching them climb over the wall. 

"Why are we even doing this Liam?" The younger of the two whispered as he again failed to pull himself over the wall. Exasperated Liam who had made it to the top of the wall reached out with his arm. 

"You really do need to work on your strength, I've seen girls in gym class who were stronger than you and to be honest if we didn't have to look for a location for this party I would be happily in one of their beds with one or maybe two of them fucking their brains out. So Carlos stop being a weak assed bitch and get your ass over the top of this wall." Disappointed about having to rely on his friend again Carlos grabbed Liam's and allowed himself to be dragged up over the wall. 

The eyes watched them carefully, like a lioness would do before pouncing on its prey, she could smell both of them. One reeked of slut and STD's while the other had a pleasant sent of someone who hadn't been involved with women. He had the sweet smell of a virgin. After a few seconds of deliberation she picked her target though as she muttered "It wasn't a hard choice, manwhore or sweet innocent virgin." 

Once the two boys had entered the building almost immediately they could feel a change in the atmosphere and almost at once Liam began to panic and he ran away, however Carlos was experiencing something quite polemic to what Liam had felt. He felt at ease, he felt as if something was beckoning him. Something was, the herald of his death was calling him. Because those eyes belonged to. 

A Vampire. 

Broken glass crunched underneath Carlos's feet as he wandered through the warehouse looking for whoever or whatever was singing a siren song, calling him, beckoning him. He found the stairs to the next level and began to ascend to the next story and the next and the next until he had reached the final storey before going on to the roof. It was on the sixth floor he saw her standing in the moonlight. A pale woman, with long pitch black hair that ended just above her small yet supple ass, it shone in the moon's brilliant light. Carlos noted that her bright green eyes even in the darkness of the warehouse. But what surprised Carlos the most was that she looked at least eighteen and she was hot. He even felt himself stiffen at the sight of her clothed in tight black jeans, a tight black top that emphasised the size of her breasts and a black leather jacket. "Approach" she beckoned in a voice as smooth as silk. Carlos felt that his only move was to obey. He was lured in by her beauty and trapped by his lust for her. 

Lust is all that filed his mind, all he could think about was bending her over and fucking her tight pussy raw, fucking her until she begged for more, then when he was close to coming he would pull out and shove his cock into her mouth and cum in her mouth forcing her to swallow. While all of this was happening in his head, Raven could sense his lust for her and could even see some of his thoughts and she was surprised that a sweet little virgin could have such a dirty mind. After all he was only of medium height, lithe build with a mop of shaggy blonde hair and a face that reminded her of a Labrador. The long nose and the big brown eyes. What a waste she thought. 

When he was only a metre away Raven opened her arms as if to embrace him and embrace him she did. She could feel his stiffened manhood against her thigh. Feels like this one is rather well endowed by the feel of it she thought. Raven was taller than him. A rare occasion indeed. She leaned over placing her mouth mere millimetres from the supple flesh that was his neck, she could see his heart racing and licked the spot she intended to bite. This made Carlos even more excited. She bit down into his flesh, sucking his sweet blood. Carlos groaned with pleasure as Raven drank his blood, this groan aroused Raven. It was not an often occurrence when her prey enjoyed being fed upon, in her excitement she didn't feel her panties become moist. Sure men were aroused by her mere appearance but during the feeding frenzy their arousal quickly turned into fear. But she could still feel Carlos's throbbing manhood against her thigh. An idea popped into her head. She stopped feeding upon Carlos and stared into his eyes before unbuttoning her jeans and pulling them down to her knees revealing lacy and provocative lingerie which was slightly damp from her own arousal. She pulled them down slowly to tease her victim. He began to pull down his pants but in her softest voice she uttered a word that stopped him. 

Raven forced her prey down onto his knees and with a hand on the back of his head forced him to eat her out. She could feel his tongue dancing around her pussy. As time progressed and Carlos's tongue moved across her pussy she began to pull at Carlos's hair then upon feeling his tongue dance across her clit faster and faster as her breathing became shallower. Her moans of pleasure became more common and excited Carlos into a frenzy until at last she screamed in delight as Carlos finally hit the right spots providing her with the ultimate pleasure. Her orgasm rippled through her like an electric shock breaking her focus allowing Carlos to break free from her control. 

Once free Carlos was able to think clearly until he saw Raven on the floor without her pants on, he could see her perfect pussy and then he lost control. He pounced on her, kissing her perfect lips, the taste of blood excited him even more, once he was finished with her lips he ripped off her tight shirt revealing a bra that matched her panties. He unhinged that and let loose the ample bust which he began to grope while kissing Raven. She didn't even care all that was going on, her mind was recovering from the orgasm and that at the very least she should let him have his way with her as repayment for what she took and payment for what she will take. 

After taking a moment to pause and remove his pants Carlos helped Raven up and looked for a box to bend her over. He found one by the window and forced her to bend over. He then thrusted his throbbing eight inch cock inside of her. She gasped with pleasure however at first he seemed lost as to what to do then he began to thrust. Slowly at first but after a while he began to increase his pace until he was pounding her pussy, Raven's moans only made him pound harder. Their moans of pleasure echoed off the walls of the warehouse amplifying them as well as the sound of flesh hitting flesh and the wet sounds cause by Raven's almost dripping pussy. 

It was only when he felt himself close to coming did he stop and pull out. He got Raven to roll over and as he was about to force it in her mouth she pleaded with him begged him. "Cum on my tits, please just cum all over my tits!" 

Upon hearing this Carlos relaxed and allowed Raven to gently stroke his cock slowly at first but then like their fucking she increased the pace until he shot his load out all over her face, breasts and hand. Raven looking somewhat surprised at the volume of Carlos's load scooped it up off her breasts and slowly began eating it, making direct eye contact with Carlos who was standing over her watching in disbelief as she slowly licked his cum off her hand. 

That was when he collapsed, delirious from blood loss and exhausted from fucking Raven. He had no more strength. Raven having come back to her senses sensed his weak and erratic pulse. She got up and searched for her clothes picking up each piece with great care and tutted at the sight of her torn shirt. She redressed herself quite quickly and walked towards the stairs leading the lower storeys. 

"Such a pity" She muttered as she turned back briefly staring at Carlos, watching him take his last breath. Then simply walked away. 

***** 

Hey guys, thanks for reading this. I am rather new to this so if you have any feedback please tell me as I always want to improve the quality of my work. Also if you have any recommendations for what I should write next please tell me, there are very few things I don't write about. I hope some of them are rather obvious but I am always open to something new and do love the "research" of new things. 

C. S Leonidas