 "Well, if you are really gunna leave, at least let me take you out for one final good-bye," Jeena begged, tears nearly welling up in her eyes. Donella couldn't say no to her long time friend so grudgingly agreed. Donella no longer took pleasure in her everyday life, and decided that she was going to drop out of school and start a new existence. She lost all contact with her family, and her most recent boyfriend had left her because he complained that she was too dull and predictable. She'd show him predictable! She planned on leaving tonight, and taking the first bus east—destination unknown. She had packed or sold all of her belongings, and said one final good-bye to her best friend Jeena. Now, it appeared that she was going to be sucked into a night out, she might as well, after all, it might be the last time they saw each other. 

To make it more fun, Jeena decided to take Donella to a club she had never been to, and dress her up exactly the opposite from how she usually dresses. If this was how Jeena wanted to spend their last night together, Donella would do all she could to make her friend happy.

The first thing Jeena did was choose an outfit out of her closet. Donella was horrified at this idea but had to remember that she was at Jeena's whim for the night. Donella stood in front of the mirror clad only in her white cotton panties and her black lace bra, waiting for Jeena to hand her something to wear. Jeena stood inside her closet, waist deep in an array of debris, shoveling out random articles of clothing, in an effort to find the perfect look. A few times, Donella had to jump aside to escape being brained with a shoe or clunky belt buckle. Finally, Jeena emerged with her treasure, a short black leather miniskirt with circular cutouts from the hem to the waist. Jeena sniffed it, and when it passed the smell test of cleanliness, she chucked it at a grimacing Donella. It was a bit of a struggle to get into because it was very tight, and Donella realized that she needed to remove her granny panties to keep them from showing through the cutouts. She didn't like the idea of wearing such a revealing skirt, but she did like the fact that it was short and made her legs look killer and her tummy flatter than it would have appeared otherwise. 

Donella barely had time admire the fit of the skirt on her shapely hips and ass, when Jeena flung a semi-clean shirt at her. It smelled like cigarette smoke and had deodorant smears in the pits, but Donella pulled it on anyway. The shirt, if it could be called by such a liberal definition, was completely see-through black fishnet that was cut very low in the front. She stepped back and marveled at how such a flimsy piece of fabric could push her tits up in such a flattering way. Jeena then threw a surprisingly clean pair of fishnet thigh-highs, which nailed Donella in the side of the face, and some leather go-go boots that Donella managed to dodge. Donella slid these on, just in time to have Jeena appear from the ruin that was her closet and drag her into the bathroom.

Then Jeena plopped Donella down on the toilet seat, and rubbed lily-white powder across her angular features. Donella never really wore make-up because she was too lazy usually to put it on and take it off, but Jeena insisted that she submit to this, and would remind her to wash her face when they got home. Then Jeena smeared black greasy eye make-up across her upper lids and the effect it had on her crystal blue eyes was stunning. The shadows from the top of her eyes made them almost look luminescent against the refection in her snowy cheeks. Jeena finished up her pet project by choosing a blood red lipstick to rouge Donella's lips. When Donella stopped and looked at herself in the mirror, she hardly recognized herself. Her long hair was slicked back, and her ghostly pallor complimented both her icy eyes and her auburn hair. Even though she looked totally different, she felt like she was someone different entirely. Perhaps that was a good thing, after all, tonight was the first night of the rest of her life.

They arrived a half an hour before midnight at the club, which was called The Fetish Parasite. It faced Hollywood Boulevard and from the outside looked like a dingy office building. The Walk of Fame was long past its glory days and there were more homeless than movie stars littering the street in front of the club. The only indication that there was a hot spot there was the loud music and the queue. The girls waited in line, talking about past times, and Donella actually felt saddened that this would be the last night she spent with her friend. Jeena was effervescent as always, and babbled on a mile a minute trying to fit years worth of times into the span of minutes.

"I almost forgot to tell you! The first time you go to this club we have a little ritual called a virgin sacrifice!" Donella's eyes opened wide in horror. "Don't worry it's nothing bad, they just have your sponsor bring you on stage and you get down on your knees and take a cherry out of Dominic Kayne's hand--he's the guy who runs the club. The cherry being the symbolic 'losing of the cherry' and then you get the 'mark of Kayne' which is just a mark on your forehead symbolizing you as a virgin. Then you get down off the stage, everyone cheers for you, and men will buy your drinks all night because of the mark. You won't have to spend a cent tonight!"

Donella felt her knees go weak at the thought of being paraded around in front of people, but then she remembered that she would likely never see these people ever again so it really didn't matter if she looked like an idiot for just one night. They flashed their IDs at the bouncer and were whisked into the club immediately. The club consisted of three main rooms with the largest having an ominous stage up front, which Donella looked at in horror. Speakers, standing as tall as the topless girls dancing next to them, flanked the stage and poured out a deafening bass line that made Donella's ribs beat a tattoo inside her skin. There was a constant roar of industrial music laced heavily on top of the bass; everyone had to shout to be heard if they wanted to have a conversation. The air was thick with fog of incense and swirling black lights that made everyone look a little odd. Crowded into booths surrounding the perimeter of the club, couples and sometimes trios of people groped one another in the dim light. At the stoke of midnight the music cut off and the crowd roared, a moment later the lights came up a bit on the stage and a towering figure appeared in front of the cheering crowd.

He seemed to stand almost six and a half feet tall and was thin as a rail. His ribs stood out against his milky white skin and he was naked to the waist, clad only in a pair of skintight leather pants and a dazzling array of tattoos and piercings. He had pitch-black hair that was shaved into a Mohawk and it stood on its end in gigantic foot long spikes.

He grabbed the microphone and shouted into it, "Now it's time to make our sacrifices to our dark god! Everyone who has a virgin, please horde them to the stage so we can take our fill, and you virgins, don't worry, this wont hurt...for long!" That brought up a new roar from the crowd mixed with lecherous laughter. "What the hell did I get myself into?" —Thought Donella.

Donella seemed to slip into a coma, and was only vaguely aware that Jeena was leading her up to the stairs. Her vision narrowed down like a pinpoint, blocking out all the sound of the crowd and her heart was pounding with fear--her focus was only on Dominic. 

"This man was my doom, it was like he was my executioner and I was being led to my death." 

Another couple made it to the stage before Donella, so she had a moment to try to settle her stomach before she had to face the crowd. The guy was wearing what looked like a cross between a funeral shroud and a monk's robe and he led a skater punk girl onto the stage. Dominic bound her hands behind her and brought her down to her knees in front of him. She was smiling stupidly obviously enjoying all this attention.

"This is the first virgin to be sacrificed for the night, my Dark Lord. I hope you accept her cherry as my offer," Dominic announced to the crowd and brought out a red cherry that he was holding by its stem. He brought the cherry down to her lips and placed it between her teeth. She sucked it off the stem and lewdly rolled it around her tongue in a simulated act of cunnilingus. Then Dominic dipped his finger into some viscous red fluid and drew a cross on her forehead in mock Ash Wednesday fashion. Overall, it didn't seem too bad, a little embarrassing but nothing more than that. Then Dominic sighed and rolled his eyes, at this woman's display, it was obvious that she was enjoying it too much.

Donella barely had time to notice his annoyance when it was her turn. Her legs wobbled under her and she was numbly aware that Jeena was leading her up the steps, to the stage, into the glare of the light. Dominic seemed to tower over her and he looked down from what seemed like a dizzying height. Their eyes met and Donella looked deep into his face.

...You're afraid. I can sense it... his mind telepathically conveyed to her ...I will make everything all right. You don't have to worry... 

Then he turned to the crowd and shouted "Now it's time for our second sacrifice of the night!" and the crowd cheered, but Donella didn't seem to notice. She could vaguely hear them but her eyes were locked on Dominic's eyes. She felt herself calm inside, as if he had done something to her mind, like a minor sedative. Her mind floated in a haze, her free will had fled her body but she remembered him saying that he wanted to explore this virgin more backstage, and that thought sent pulses of excitement through her.

Donella was still bound and being led to the backstage area by Dominic. She was growing wet at the thought of being alone with him, which made her wonder because this was so out of character. However, a voice inside her head told her not to worry, that everything would be okay.

Dominic led her to a room that was filled with some sort of furniture covered with purple and black drapery. Donella couldn't judge the dimensions of the room exactly, because the dim light and so many crowded bodies, made it appear like there might be mirrors disguising the true proportions—this room was either a narrow hall, or vast ballroom, but nothing in between. The only light came from some dim wall sconces and there were about a dozen other people in the room, all wearing those robes that Donella had seen the sponsor before her wearing. Many people were surrounding her, and she could feel their heat press against her. They had cowls pulled down over their faces and Donella couldn't tell whether they were male or female, just that they had milky white skin. Dominic led her to a platform that was four feet off the ground and lifted her onto it. He unbound her hands and laid her back on the platform. The whole congregation moved forward, humming as they approached. There were suddenly hands all over Donella's body as they gently massaged her skin through her clothes. She wanted to scream at them to drop their hands under her bra, she was burning to feel a mouth, any mouth on her skin. She started to sweat and her thighs were soaking and slick from her sweat. All of the acolytes brought out slender daggers and gently cut away her clothing, without even touching the sharp blades to her flesh. Her arms were stretched out to her sides as if she were a cross. 

Her ample breasts stood upright and her nipples stood erect, longing for anyone to touch them. The acolytes poured warm oil over her body and gently massaged it into her flesh. Donella let a moan escape her throat as she felt several pairs of hands running their course over her body, but conspicuously avoiding the most secret of areas and the part that was yearning to have the same attention. 

Without hesitation, Dominic was towering over her. ...Are you still afraid?.. he asked using no words whatsoever.

...No... was the reply, but Donella wasn't sure if it had even come from her mind, or from some external force.

...What do you want me to do to you?.. he asked.

...I want you to make me cum. I will do anything you want, for however long you want, but I NEED you to make me cum, now... She replied, nearly screamed the thought into his head. There was no "maybe" this time, she had sent that message, loud and clear. Also, she knew that by telling him that, she would devote her life to whatever he asked of her.

He gently spread Donella's legs open, he grinned and poured a little oil into his palm. All hands were on her still but she had no sense of which belonged to whom. He ran his hand over her mound of pubic hair and she jumped toward his hand needing to feel it on her--and more important--inside me. He rubbed the oil into her pubic hair and teased his index finger down to where the hair stopped and her labia parted, stopping just before the swell of her clit. 

...You weren't lying, I can feel the heat rising up from your moist hole...

He rubbed Donella's clit in little concentric circles with his index finger. Her hips swayed in a similar motion, feeling the rhythm of his movements and trying to savor the moment. Then Dominic cupped his hand sliding three fingers into her quivering wet vagina, while placing his other hand on her hip to steady his body, pinning her down to the table. Then he continued to rub in the circles pressing the palm of his hand into Donella's needy clit while gently stroking the inner walls of her hole as her muscles strained to drive his hand deeper inside. With each pass of his hand, Donella could feel the orgasm building, then he would draw it away, and back and forth, the circles worked her clit. Her breath hitched in her chest and she felt that he knew her body and he knew exactly how to make her cum. In fact, he was bringing her to that point faster than anyone else ever had. Just before that embrace of ecstasy, he cruelly pulled his hand away. An unjust whimper betrayed her, but then she felt that same peace knowing that she would soon have everything she ever wanted.

The congregation backed away and Donella had a mental command to rise up to her knees and spread them apart as wide as possible. Dominic stood on the ground next to the table, he braced one hand on her warm oily tummy and gently lifted her up. He slid his hand to her tit and tweaked her nipple. His other hand pushed her upper body slightly forward and she felt his oily hand snake around her anus venturing one finger inside and then another. Donella never had anyone dare to try to do anything to that part of her body and it wasn't even in her mind to protest because that was the only thing she wanted in the world at that moment. He fucked her back hole with his fingers getting it increasingly lubed up with the oil. It felt as if her lower body were floating as she felt his finger release her hole to be replaced with his rock-hard penis. It suddenly felt too big! Like she was going to be ripped apart, but it was so warm and she could feel his hips bounce against her ass. He reached around, started playing with her nether lips again, and gave her a kiss on the ear. Donella felt his breath quicken and she knew it wouldn't be long before he filled her body with his warm semen, but he slowed his pace.

He forced her legs wider still and had one of the cowled people walk forward. She removed the cowl and dropped the robe to the floor revealing her beautiful naked form. She was about Donella's height and had long platinum blond hair and small high set breasts. She crawled onto the table, laid flat on her back, and positioned herself underneath Donella as she straddled her face. Dominic still pumped from behind and whispered audibly into Donella's ear, "Just relax, you are almost ready to become one of us."

The blond wrapped her ruby lips around Donella's clit, sucking deeply as if she were trying to draw fluids far into her mouth. She reached up grabbing Donella's hips and forcing her wet pussy down onto her face. Her nose nuzzled her front hole at the same time Dominic squeezed her round ass and impaled her asshole. There were too many sensations coursing through Donella's body and she couldn't sort out pleasure from pain. Donella wanted to drive her clit down hard on the blond in front and wanted to buck her rear harder into Dominic's driving hips. Finally, Donella felt the pressure build inside of her, as if she was going to explode, and the hedonistic couple knew it. As she came, she screamed and threw her head back, her long hair drenched with sweat and felt Dominic's warm mouth on her neck. The blond at her crotch sucked hard onto her clit and bit her deeply with her teeth drawing blood. As he spurted his cum deep inside Donella's colon, Dominic sank his long canine teeth into her jugular vein draining her of her blood.

...You are now one of us...