 All rights reserved. No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the written permission from the author, except where permitted by law. 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. 

*** 

Raan shivered as her bare foot touched the cold bathroom floor. After retrieving her towel, she quickly moved back to the bathmat and began drying. As she hastily moved the towel over herself, Raan tried to push this afternoon's events from her mind. Her long shower had done well to clean off the smell of her encounter with Anni, but not the memory. She felt a tingle below her waist as she thought of Anni, her tongue and her pussy. She tasted so good, Raan thought, trying to push her lover from her mind. She wanted to focus on tonight's date with Holden, but the image of the unintentional, but unavoidable encounter was more than clouding her thoughts. 

She felt a shiver travel up her naked spine as the tingling became more intense. She closed her eyes and remembered how Anni had slid her tongue in her pussy with no request from Raan, besides her lying on the ground playing with herself. As she licked her, she remembered the first time they had fucked and how new and exciting it was for her. She had only been with men before, but started a relationship with Anni quickly after becoming a demon. The memory of her climax today, and the many others Anni had brought her to in years past, made her so wet that she quickly invited her fingers into her pussy. 

She dropped her towel and held onto the bathroom wall with her free hand, pleasuring her lower lips with the other. As she slid them in and out, she remembered how talented Anni was with her tongue. Of all the things she missed of their romance, that was definitely at the top of the list. Being in demon form heightened their sexuality greatly, and Raan remembered many nights in which Anni gave her multiple orgasms before she allowed her to reciprocate. Raan liked letting her take the lead and she loved how easy it was for Anni to assert her dominance again today. Her fingers were moving quickly now and Raan felt her body heat up with the new pace. As she built up to her peak, she leaned against the wall. Her moans got louder and she trembled as she came, holding onto the wall as she slid to the floor. 

She kept coming as she slowly fell to her back, stroking her clit with glee. Raan lost herself in the sensation, imagining the taste of pussy in her mouth and Anni's tongue in her slit. She slipped her fingers in and out, caressing her clit with the movement. She felt like the floor was vibrating with her sighs, her quivering body matching the motion. After the trembling settled and Raan finally pulled herself away from her ecstatic daydream, she heard a low thumping. 

Raan slipped her fingers out of herself and relaxed, her legs sprawled out in front of her. After a few moments, the knocking she thought she had imagined started up again. As her mind came back to the present, to Holden, she frantically pulled herself to a standing position and began washing her hands in the sink. After a few washes, the sweet smell of her wetness was mostly gone so she grabbed her towel from the floor. She dressed quickly, opened the bathroom door and made her way to the source of the knocking. 

She opened the door and saw Holden standing there. "Hey, sorry about that. Were you knocking long?" 

Holden, who looked more confused then annoyed, shrugged and said, "Not really. Just a few minutes. Were you... in the shower?" 

Raan saw a smug grin grow on his face as he said the last words. "Yeah, sorry. I was running late." She stepped aside and Holden made his way to the kitchen. 

"So, were you still planning on making dinner for us?" Holden said, setting a few bags on the counter before turning to face her. 

"I completely forgot. I can call and order something," Raan said reaching for her phone on the counter. 

"No need," Holden said as he took the phone from her grip, "I brought something, just as a backup." He motioned to the bags behind him and said, "I've never seen you without makeup, not to mention your hair disheveled. Very sexy." 

Raan walked toward him and smiled. "Maybe that was the intention." She laughed and leaned in like she wanted a kiss, then looked around him toward the bags. She heard him laugh a response as she picked up the food and walked it to the fridge. As she was setting them on a shelf, she asked, "What did you bring, anyway?" 

"Who cares?" Holden asked as she felt him push up against her back. 

Raan saw him shut the fridge door before he forcefully flipped her around, pushing her against it. Holden pulled Raan's hands above her head, causing immediate excitement where her fingers had just been, before rushing his mouth to hers. He slid his tongue into her mouth as she felt him move both of her wrists to one hand, his other hand moving freely over her tight body. He stopped on her breast, squeezing gently, before continuing down her hip. Raan moaned through their kiss as she pushed herself into him, encouraging him to explore further. Holden pushed his hand under her short dress, and she felt him move it up her inner thigh, stopping as he reached her slit. 

"You're so wet for me," Holden said, pausing their kiss briefly. 

Raan moaned in response, closing her eyes as he slipped his finger into her pussy. She pressed against his fingers as Holden pushed another into her, moving them up and down. Holden was an amazing kisser, dominating the movement, slowing down occasionally to suck on her lip or the tip of her tongue. Hope he can lick me with such skill, Raan thought as she grinded her hips down into his hand. When Holden stopped driving his fingers into her, Raan opened her eyes, seeing him smile before moving both his hands to her waist. He pulled her dress off before resuming their kiss, Raan pushed into his chest while Holden reached around to unsnap her bra. He pulled the bra away, tossing it somewhere in the kitchen, before moving his kiss to her breasts. 

He pulled the nipple of her right breast into his mouth, sucking it while massaging the other with his hand. He squeezed with both hands as he licked them, Raan's pussy tingling with the sensation. Raan reached down to Holden's waist and pulled at his shirt, Holden pausing his licking reluctantly to lift it over his head. He then picked her up by the waist and moved her to the counter, sitting her down before Raan saw his head move to her pussy. She lay back, briefly distracted by the counter's coolness on her bare skin before trembling with his insertion. His tongue pushed deep into her slit before flicking her clit and Raan grabbed his hair with approval. She heard Holden moan, the vibrations making her whole body quiver with pleasure. 

Before she neared her peak, she pulled his head up and he stepped back. She moved her eyes down his body as she watched him pull down his pants, revealing his large erection. He stroked himself before moving his fingers back inside her. Raan started to pull herself forward on the counter, wanting to put his hardness in her mouth like the night before, but Holden held her steady. He pulled his fingers out, stepped forward and shoved himself into her pussy, her head falling back with the pressure. She felt him rub a hand up her tight stomach then fondle her breasts as he thrust. Raan pushed herself back, enveloping his dick as he fucked her. 

Wanting to kiss him and taste herself, Raan lifted her back off the counter and Holden leaned down, shoving his tongue into her mouth. Raan pressed against him, Holden holding her back as he rammed deep into her. Raan felt him hold her tightly as he lifted her off the counter, moving her hips up and down on his dick. She held onto him as he moved them into the hallway, stopping with Raan against the wall. Raan cried out with pleasure as Holden fucker her harder, moving his hands back to her breasts before pulling himself out. Raan turned herself around and put her arms up on the wall, inviting Holden to enter her from behind. She felt his dick slide into her pussy before he grabbed her hair, thrusting into her as he licked up her spine. She pressed back, and Holden smacked her ass as he moved his dick in and out with more force. 

Holden moved his right hand to her pussy, playing with her as he thrust. Raan started to shake, her excitement pushing her close to her climax. Holden was fucking her faster now, his fingers stroking her clit as her moaning became more intense. Just as Raan started coming, she felt Holden grab her hips, giving her a few more thrusts, spraying inside of her. She shook against the wall and pressed into his dick, trembling as they both came. After a few moments, her body settled and she noticed Holden had stopped moving too, resting his hands on her sides. 

He pulled himself out of her and turned her around, pushing his tongue back into her mouth. They kissed as Holden pulled her to him, holding her tightly in the embrace. She was still hazy from coming but loved tasting herself on Holden's tongue. He is so good with that tongue, Raan thought as he sucked on her bottom lip. 

"It's so sexy knowing you can taste yourself," Holden said, before leaning in for another kiss. 

"I want to taste you again soon," Raan said, smiling as she reached down, lightly stroking his still-hard member. 

"I like that idea," Holden said, kissing her again. She watched him lean his head back while she played with him. 

"Me too," Raan said, as she moved her kiss down his body until she was resting on her knees. "I want to make up for last night." 

------ 

Raan woke to a burning pain in her wrist. She pressed her thumb to the mark before turning to her left, reaching to the side table for her phone. She pressed the screen and saw it was almost seven. Raan shrugged and pulled the blanket back, using the cool air of the room to force herself from bed. She walked to her dresser and picked up the clothes she had set out, assuming she would be summoned soon. All weekend with Holden and no clients, Raan thought as she smiled and quickly dressed. As she was pulling on her heels, she received the knowledge that she was to meet with Majken within the hour. 

She walked to the kitchen, hurriedly grabbing her purse and coat. She had no idea how long this would take, but knew it was serious, since she had only been alone with him once that she remembered, when she had chosen to no longer live with the other demons. She pushed her arms through her coat, zipped up the front and swung the purse over her shoulder. She wanted to eat but wanted to get to the meeting more, not knowing how impatient he would become as he waited. Choosing to go without, Raan locked the apartment door behind her and walked down the stairs. 

She usually enjoyed the walk between her apartment and the office, but today was different. The looming meeting with Majken was troublesome, her uneasiness preventing her from enjoying the normalcy of the stroll. She quickly walked past the shops, occasionally making eye contact with strangers as they passed. Raan thought of Holden and their weekend together, he hadn't left until late Sunday night. They had spent the past few days fucking repeatedly with occasional breaks for eating and sleep. Raan's thoughts had rarely fallen on her work, her time with Holden easily distracting her from a worry that they would be interrupted. It was her first experience with a man in a long time and Holden did not leave her disappointed. She was excited to see him again, but didn't know when that would be. 

When she came to the empty parking lot of the small office building, she felt herself frown. She knew who was awaiting her but the reason for her summons was unclear. She knew there was no client involved and information for a smiting would have been pushed directly to her. This was different. Raan walked through the door with more fear of what would happen if she didn't show, than of what would come when she did. She nodded to Marissa before moving straight to the elevator, pushing the button and staring ahead. 

"Majken has been waiting," Marissa said from behind her desk. 

"I'm here now, thank you," Raan said as the elevator opened and she stepped inside. 

Raan started undressing, assuming she would need to be in her demon form to meet with him properly. After she had pressed her thumb into the compartment, the elevator descended and she spoke the words for her transformation. Raan felt strangely comforted by the sensation of her body molding itself while the elevator plummeted several feet a second. The mix of discomfort and dizziness made her feel almost drunk, like it was last call at a bar. A drink would be good right about now, Raan thought as she leaned on the handrail to keep from hitting her head, her height increasing with the completion of the spell. 

The door opened to the normal setup, kitchen area to the left and long hallway to the right. Raan grabbed her clothes and purse and walked them over to the nearest table before heading down the hall. The sunlight felt warm on her skin, lifting her mood slightly as she moved. She passed several doors and noticed none had clients behind them. Raan was disappointed, hoping for the distraction of experiencing what a client was feeling, but her anxiety stayed firm. She paused briefly before reaching the door at the end of the hall. Closing her eyes, Raan focused her attention on steadying her emotions. Just talking, that's all. Nothing else will happen in that room. She opened her eyes, staring at the door for a moment before it opened. 

"Raan, come in," a voice called to her. 

As Raan stepped inside, she felt herself being seamlessly transported to another dimension. Her mood was immediately altered, the calmness she had tried to maintain disappeared and a sinking feeling of despair filled the void. She knew this place from once before, when she met with Majken about her choice to live with the humans. That encounter had ended with him offering his reluctant blessing, so she hoped whatever he wanted now would stray little from that outcome. As she pushed herself forward, she saw Majken standing several yards ahead, his huge arms crossed over his chest. When Raan was only a few feet away, she bowed her head before looking directly at him. 

"Welcome," Majken said, looking past Raan like she has done to so many clients, "Do you know why you are here?" 

"Because you summoned me, Majken," Raan said submissively, bowing her head as she spoke. 

"Yes," he said. Raan looked up, thinking she had heard a snicker with the word, but his face was as stern as usual. "You are here to learn the extent of your duties as Jayna's guide. Do you remember your own?" 

Raan nodded, "Anni." Hearing the name spoken aloud made her body shiver with anticipation. Being in her demon form, it was difficult to turn off her sexual desires and the thought of that tongue made Raan's body ache for her. 

"Anni. And do you remember her obligations to you, her student?" 

Raan fought the urge to touch herself as she thought back to their time together. She remembered learning from Anni, about vengeance, life and her body. She knew vengeance demons were encouraged to be intimate with each other, but she had never seen another couple share a bed like her and Anni. The other demons had sex with each other, sometimes even all of them at once, but she and Anni knew only each other's touch. She always appreciated that. Although their teacher-student relationship had almost immediately grown to partners in flesh, their connection seemed deeper than the others and they stayed together for a long time. When she chose to leave, she grieved the loss of their love for several months. Living as a human made her less in touch with her sexual desires though and eventually she felt nothing for Anni's memory. The love she thought they had was lost in the memory of the drive she once had for her touch. The few times Raan had seen Anni since, she had found her tiresome, the skill of her tongue no longer outweighing her irritating personality. 

"Looks like you do," Majken's voice brought her back to the present, a smile briefly showing on his face. 

"Yes, I do," Raan said, trying to hide her arousal, and keeping her hands firmly at her sides. "Anni taught me how to manipulate clients, carry out their wishes and perform collections." 

"Among other things, Raan. And you will act as the same for Jayna. A tutor, a guide to be an effective vengeance demon. You will coach her, emotionally and physically," Majken heavily emphasized the last word. "Do you understand, Raan?" 

Raan hoped she was reading into his words. Physically? She tried to keep from cringing at the idea, even though she did enjoy being with a woman. She just didn't want to fall back into old habits. No matter how attractive Jayna was, the girl was still a demon. And the last demon she had been with was obviously not honest with her. Anni was only following orders? The realization of her and Anni's sham relationship was almost worse than what this assignment would bring. What about Holden? I'm not ready to lose him, Raan thought, only now aware of how much she cared for him. Will I have to give up my human life? To once again live in Orten, to no longer have the life she had created, was not a reality she thought she could endure. 

"Raan!" Majken's voice was clearly annoyed as he snapped Raan from her thoughts again. 

"Majken, I..." 

"Do you understand your duties as Jayna's guide?" Majken asked. 

"I... Physically?" Raan asked, trying to hide the anxiety she felt for the answer. The mood granted to her by the plane was making her thoughts harder to deal with than normal. 

"Yes, there are many things you must teach her. Like Anni did for you, you will treat her as your student in every aspect of your life, including your bed," Majken said, moving his arms to his sides as he spoke, "You will treat her as your beloved. She must not only want but need your touch and you will make her feel like she is your only lover." 

With his last sentence, Raan wondered if Anni had been with others and just made her feel like the only one. She no longer felt affection toward Anni but this made her somehow feel betrayed. She tried to push the thoughts from her mind, knowing Majken was growing tired of her distracting thoughts. "It shall be done," Raan said, knowing there was no way she could refuse. 

"Good," Majken said as he began rubbing his semi-erect penis. "I want you to know that this is a test, Raan. I accepted your choice to live beyond our world and helped you forge a human identity for that purpose. You have done so for three hundred and forty days without any indication that you will be returning to Orten. It was unfortunate that your encounter with Anni at the ritual did not persuade you to return, but I am not concerned. To keep me from doubting your commitment to our cause, I am allowing you to perform this critical task. Jayna's assimilation into the vengeance demon role is crucial, for her future and yours. Intimacy," Majken said, his strokes now in beat with his speech, "is what makes one a vengeance demon. You will teach her, with your mind and body, or I will find another who will take your place." 

Raan watched him caress his huge, hard dick as he spoke. She hated the implication of his words and the stroking but also knew there was no arguing. "It shall be done, sire," Raan said, trying to avert her eyes. "I swear it." 
