 They brought him to this facility with great difficulty. Unlike everyone else quarantined here, only one of his eyes showed the black tainted shadow of infection. The other, his right eye, was pure green fire. My nurse said he'd be put into the trial group immediately. Someone with that little of the infection was a valuable opportunity.

I was not allowed to be in any drug trial. I was not allowed outside. The shining black voids where my own eyes used to be no longer bothered me. My moon face, dark skin and golden hair- defining features given to me by my parents- were still there. I still felt like me. But this virus had darkened the windows to my soul and started to eat me away from the inside. I was no longer allowed to wander without a black protective mask over my mouth and nose.

I made it a point to visit the room of the spirited young man who'd been quarantined today.

But it was dark and empty. I thought myself a fool and turned to leave.

Then I felt someone yank my hair with such force my head flipped back. Something cold and stinging was pressed against my neck.

"What the fuck are you here for?" he said. It was the first time I'd heard his voice up close. It was deep and dark. I shivered.

He moved into my field of sight again and showed me the scalpel he held. I tried to speak.

"Get this fucking thing off of your face." He sliced the straps of my mask even as I shook my head. He accidentally cut the skin on my right cheek.

"I could get you sick," I said.

"I'm sick already." He pointed the scalpel to his left eye where the faint ebony shadow sat.

"They think I can make people worse."

"They don't know what to think anymore. They think this virus kills people, but I saw old men who'd lived with it forever! They are just so frightened they can't see straight. And that is why we are all put away as soon as it leaves us marked. I'm not afraid of you." he said. He got face to face with me. I could feel his breath. I could smell it, faintly sweet like nectar. I leaned in, I wanted to kiss him.

He cut my other cheek. I didn't withdraw from him, I couldn't stand to. I simply could not pull myself from him.

"Fearless?"

"What should I be afraid of?" I said.

"I could maim you. Bleed you dry. Maybe leave you a beautiful corpse on the floor?"

"Beautiful?" I said. He moved closer to me. Our lips barely touched. He was so warm.

He turned me around and shoved me until I stood in the corner. He put the scalpel to my throat.

"I do think you are beautiful this way... And I'm not going to ask your permission." He trailed the scalpel down my back and then slid it under my gown. He cut off my panties, and cut too deeply, leaving a burning gash that oozed blood down my leg. He moved the small blade over my breasts, not pressing down, not drawing blood, but making me breathe hard all the same.

He pulled my lower body to him, making my face press against the icy dark wall.

Clad in the same thin gown as myself, he had no trouble pulling out his dick."Let me inside or I'll make this hurt you so much worse." he said.

I tilted my ass outward toward him, helping his cock slip deep into me. I sucked in a deep breath to keep from screaming.

"Don't hold it in. Scream for me, dark eyes. Scream for my cock." he said. I felt the scalpel's blade on my belly. "Scream for me or I'll mark you all over!"

I couldn't take it anymore. His presence, his dominance, his will; he was all burning fury, truly male in every sense of the word. I cried out.

I felt his other hand on my tits, grabbing them until they hurt.

"You're going to make me cum!" I whimpered.

"I want to feel it on my dick. I want you to cum, dark eyes. Drown me in it." He held his arm over both of my breasts, supporting them as the thrusting bounced them around. He felt even bigger now. I could feel his body getting ready to orgasm and it was maddening. I cried into the wall as my climax tightened my body up, squeezing him inside me and making my fluids rush over his cock in warm spurts.

He grunted. I felt him ejaculate, his seed kept spilling out until I thought I couldn't hold anymore.

He immediately withdrew and spun me around to face him. He stared at my eyes until I looked down at the floor in embarrassment.

His fluid and my own was spilling out of me, running down my legs and onto the ground.

"What is your name?" he asked. I felt different suddenly. I felt warm all over and dizzy. My eyes burned.

"Hien." I whispered. "And you?"

"They call me Tanner."

He smiled a bit, but it became a worried frown. Tanner turned from me suddenly and began vomiting a bloody mess. It crashed thickly to the ground. I yelled for help and tried to keep him standing upright as wave after wave of dark redness spewed violently onto the floor.

It took too long to stop. He was exhausted and collapsed into my arms.

"What do I do?" I asked. "What do I do?"

He opened his eyes to look at me. And they were both suddenly untainted- full of green fire without even a splinter of black shadow.

"Hein, what did you do... to me?" Tanner asked. He smiled, almost laughing, and put his soft hands up to my eyes.