 I'll stay with you darling now,

I'll stay with you till my seas are dried up

Words by Pete Brown and music by Cream

Newark, New Jersey

Recently

He didn't need the light to see, which allowed him to linger in the shadows. In spite of his monstrous strength, he felt hollow and weak. It had been more than a fortnight since he'd fed. The alley was a block from the nightclub and drunken stragglers stumbled past with regularity. Too anemic to hunt, he allowed his prey to come to him. 

There was no choice. It was consume or perish but feeding was fraught with danger. The hunters were being stalked by an enemy older than even the strongest among them. Fear ran rampant through his kind and it was a unique sensation. As apex predators, they didn't know how to cope with fear as humans did. Their stalker's mere presence upset everything in their existence. Protocols, hierarchies, and alliances were all frayed. 

One. He just needed to snatch one and slake his thirst. Going back into hiding after feeding, he could wait out this storm. Maybe he could even grab two. Feast now and keep the other alive for later. Patience. Wait for two. Ignore the hunger ravaging his body and mind. There! Fools. Like docile prey, they come so sure of their safety. Weaving, laughing, fumbling in pockets for keys, clumsily groping each other. 

As they grew close to the alley, he became discorporate and slowly rolled forward, like an English fog masking a murderer stalking prostitutes. Sensing their approach, he longed for the satiation he would soon enjoy. Awareness of a glittering, silvery chain slicing through the air and his being filled with fear before the pain began. 

He had little to compare it to but imagined it was what humans felt when electrocuted. Forced back to a corporeal form, he was flung into the brick of the alley wall. Able to see again, he saw the short squat man catch the end of the silvery chain he was swinging, ball it up and put it in a pocket. 

The man spoke with that odd unaccented speech newscasters used. "Hello, Jacoby. I'm afraid that this is going to be your last night." 

"You!" The man was physically unimposing, but there was a hideous radiance that the vampire almost couldn't bear to look at. It wasn't the man himself, but he was touched somehow, and that essence emanated from him and fragmented the vampires very being. There was a sweet aroma to him that turned the creature's stomach, leaving him weak and unsteady.

"Yes, me. We're going to talk, Jacoby, and you're going to answer questions. Questions about Fred German, also known as Gustav Oberlein, also known as Dr. John Dee, also known as Mansur Al-Hallaj, also known as Simon Magus. It's time to find out just how immortal the immortal man is."

