 // Hey Everyone! :D I got a request for 3-4 pages in the comments, so hopefully when this is uploaded it will be at least 3 pages. Every chapter since chapter one has been to give you more to read. But it's going to take me 2 weeks to write a full chapter now because to write another page for Literotica equals 6-7 more pages of writing on Microsoft Word. I think ya'll are going to love this chapter. Please leave a comment, email feedback, criticism because I do read and respond to everyone. In fact I read them every time before I write. Have an awesome read. –BlessingAndCurse//




The night seemed at its darkest that day. There were no windows to get even a sliver of the bright iridescent moon. But Lily felt that it was simply the norm. Darkness always came before the true horror began.

The Spirit would not be pleased with this. 

For the past few nights, all Lily did was anger him. She had gotten warning after warning. And last night was her last one. But it wasn't her fault that Nicholas chose tonight to bring his girlfriend over while she was left to lay on the living room sofa to sleep. She actually wondered if he did that on purpose just so she would get punished as she recalled him saying something earlier about how he didn't want to do that again. He knew this would happen when he brought her over.

Anger started to burn inside her chest as she thought about once again being punished for something that wasn't her fault. Only just seemed to be her fault. She already had been through enough of that. She was a good girl but was always every asshole's scapegoat. She had gotten the full brunt of that during high school when everything was going to hell.

On her fifteenth birthday, her father had been killed at the store while buying Lily a last minute birthday present. Being as she was, Ma didn't feel as though Lily didn't feel low enough already. She still remembered the horrible words he mother had said to her. "If only you weren't a demanding little bitch," she had said lowly. "Maybe he would still be alive." The words were short and to the point like a deadly weapon. And it had hits its target and twisted inside her chest. Her father had known how crazy her mother was. He would always be her knight in shining armor who came to her rescue when her mom tried to embarrass her or punish her. If he was alive, she wouldn't be in the predicament she was in now. She'd be in college getting her degree and still be able to go back to her house where she knew at least someone loved her.

But once the protection was lost, Ma had full reign to make her life a living hell. Once she was in full control over her college fund, Ma had spent every last penny on clothes, shoes, and other foolish things. Lily had no idea what she had done till came her senior year. She had asked her mom for money to pay for her enrollment fees. Ma just looked at her dumbfounded and said, "What money?"

"From my college fund." Lily exasperated. "The one dad set up for me."

"Oh." Ma said looking back at her newspaper. "You don't got no college fund no more."

Lily remembered being unable to talk for a few minutes as she tried to sort through her mind how to feel about this. When she questioned Ma about what happened to the money, Ma answered back that the college fund was used to buy whatever she wanted as payment for having to take care of Lily for the past eighteen years. A future destroyed by being someone's scapegoat.

It wasn't enough for her to have no father and no future. She also wasn't allowed any self confidence. Brandon made sure of that. Every day he would find her to make his remarks. It always started out the same. He would see her. Walk up to her. And corner her. With his height and his bulky muscles, it made it seem like she had nowhere to go. All she could do was stand there and take the insults.

One time Lily had dared to walk away and not put up with this bull shit. She had tried to push him out of her way and go to lunch. Before she could even take a step, Brandon grabbed the front of her dress and slammed her back up against the wall. For a minute she had lost her breath and was struggling for air. "Who gave you permission to walk away from me, you uppity little bitch?" he had growled in her face. He rolled his shoulders backwards which caused her to flinch. It made him seem like he was preparing himself to give her a beating. "I'll let it go this once, since it looks like you have somewhere better to be." He nodded towards the snug form fitting dress and leggings that she was wearing. He laughed to himself as he put her down and walked away. "Wearing tight clothes won't make me change what I think about you."

When she looked around her, she saw everyone looking at her outfit. She heard some mummers of "slut" being loudly whispered in the hallway. She heard wolfish laughter ring out from the guys. She saw the disgusted looks the girls gave her. Lily walked as fast as she could to the bathroom as she could and locked herself there till the bell that ended lunch rung. Another way she was one asshole's scapegoat.

Lily lay there blinking back the tears and memories that occurred. But like the tears, the memories left a cold trail behind. That was just what people could do to her. What could a Spirit do to her?

Lily repositioned her body to lie sideways on the couch. Another thought inside her head sprang forwards. 'Are you really angry at Nicholas because he could get you punished or are you just angry that Nicholas brought his girlfriend home?' The idea disturbed her so much that she sat upright and slid over to the other side of the couch as if trying to escape her own thoughts.

That wasn't true. That woman was threatened of Lily. Not the other way around. How could she be threatened by that woman when she had no feelings for Nicholas whatsoever? 

'Lies.'

She didn't like him!

'But you like the way he touches you and kisses you, making you feel like a woman instead of a girl.'

But she didn't like HIM! 

Lily felt those thoughts give her a sly smile as she came into realization at what she inwardly admitted. She liked to be touched by Nicholas. She was threatened by this woman. Because when he touched her, he wasn't touching Lily. She did not like him, but she did want to be the only woman he touched. Woman. Lily smirked at herself. Like she was ever one in the first place.

She laid prostrate on the couch as a mixture of feelings washed over her. Disgust. Anger. Sadness. Happy.

Happy because that woman would be here tonight, yes. But she would never return. She would have to deal with the wrath of the Spirit for tonight. The Spirit never missed a night to possess Nicholas and write on the wall. Lily imagined the look on the woman's face as the Spirit handed her the bloody hilt of the knife. She certainly wouldn't be back after tonight.

But that was...wrong. Those thoughts were evil. She was good. She wouldn't wish that experience on anybody. Lily may like the way Nicholas touches her, but the sad truth was he had used her. Nicholas had to have a girlfriend this whole entire time he was feeling her up. Lily didn't want o be some side chick. Those kind of girls were not good at all. It was for the best that she just stepped out of the way 

The only thing she felt for him was attraction. She was only glad that it didn't get any further than just kissing and touching. She wished the woman to do better than Nicholas. And she also wished for the Spirit to not be so bad tonight, at least for the woman's sake.

Lily stayed awake as she strained her ears to listen to the telltale sign of the Spirit entering the room. The slam of the door. Or even a horrified scream coming from the room. She waited and waited. It was long after midnight when her eyelids began to falter open and close, open and close, open and close. Until they finally closed shut into slumber. Not once did she hear the slamming of the upper door.

~~~~*~~~~*~~~~*~~~~*~~~~

Lily grumbled as she awakened from sleep. She quickly shut her eyes back as the light from the kitchen blinded her. Even though she had only lived here for a short amount of time, Lily had never seen so much light coming from the kitchen. She climbed to her feet and dragged her feet to the entrance of the kitchen.

The curtains, behind the table, had been push back all the way to fully let in all the light from outside. She had never recalled Mrs. Yates ever to pull back the curtains. And she understood why. The windows faced the street, so any passerby on the street could peer into the house. Lily shrugged her shoulders as she went to close the curtain.

"I opened the curtains for a reason, bitch," she heard a female voice say behind her. She turned to find the blonde woman glaring daggers at her. The woman was wearing the clothes that she was wearing last night and holding a box of Cheerios.

"Mrs. Yates always keeps them closed," Lily yawned as she went back to closing them.

"I don't give a shit what that old woman wants. It's too fucking dark to even see in here without them opened." This woman sure had a mouth on her. Without any care, the woman plunged her hand into the box and ate the handful of Cheerios. After what she was doing with Nicholas last night, Lily could only imagine where those hands had been Lily mentally noted to not eat that box for breakfast that morning.

"That's why she uses the light switch," Lily noted as the room was cast into darkness. She went over and flipped the switch to cast the room back into a less harsh light. When Lily faced the woman again, the woman scrunched her face up at her and muttered a string of expletives.

"Who the fuck puts a stupid light switch near the door?" 

'Uh...everyone?' Lily reached for her Cinnamon Toast Crunch on top of the fridge. She turned to go to the cabinets to get a bowl but the woman was still standing in front of it . "Excuse me, please," Lily said, almost no louder than a whisper.

The woman stared her down while in the middle of sticking her hand in the cereal box. "Seems to me you needed to be excused a long time ago." The woman glared at her while continuing to eat. Lily inhaled deeply before letting out an exhausted sigh. She wasn't up to fighting this early in the morning. All she wanted to was to eat her favorite cereal in peace. 

"I just need a bowl from the cabinet."

"Just eat it from the fucking box."

"I like milk in my cereal. I'm sure I can't drink milk from my hands," Lily countered. The woman shrugged and shifted her body out of the way. Once Lily retrieved the bowl, she went about her business to prepare her cereal. All the while, she felt the familiar feeling of being watched. Not only just watched... but sized up and judged as if she was prey.

"Let me ask you somethin'," the woman said behind her. Without giving her time to answer the woman continued. "How long have you been fucking my man?"

Lily turned around and faced the woman. Her icy blue eyes glared down at her like a predator waiting to strike. "I haven't been fucking him."

"Bullshit," the woman gritted through her teeth and walking closer towards Lily. Her mom's voice began ringing out in Lily's head. 'Ignorant people are dangerous.' And this woman was about the most ignorant person she had seen yet. She had to get some distance between this chick.

"Look," Lily said while walking over to the table with her bowl. "I am not fucking Nicholas. Ok? Whether you believe me or not, that's up to you."

An awkward silence floated between them. The only thing that could be heard was the sound of Lily eating her cereal.

'Well you might as well be since you've already kissed and touched him,' her thoughts criticized. 'That's not right. He kissed and touched me. It's not like I was begging him to do it.' But didn't his girlfriend need to know? But that wasn't the only thing she needed to know. What was that other thing that she needed to tell her?

She looked at the woman with curious eyes, trying to remember what it was. Something important...

The Spirit. That was it. But by now the woman should already know. Lily narrowed her eyes. The woman didn't seem affected. Actually, she looked as if she didn't even care what happened last night. That didn't make any sense. Even if she had been with Nicholas for some period of time, she still would be affected in some way. Not even Nicholas, who had to deal with it for all his life, was immune to the Spirit. What happened last night?

"Are you some kinda fucking lesbian?" the woman said glaring at he. Lily turned her head back to cereal, realizing that she had stared for too long.

"N-no," Lily stuttered, while trying to swallow her spoonful of cereal. "I just wanted to ask you something?" 

'She's gonna think I'm crazy...well here goes.'

"Did anything strange happen last night?" Lily asked the woman. The woman looked at her, not understanding the question. "Like did you see anything strange about Nicolas or... something else?" 

The woman's face instantly turned into rage. "If you're talking about how he fucked the shit outta me, then no, I didn't see anything strange about him last night! He did a damn good job as he usually does! But that's none of your GOD DAMN BUSINESS!" The woman sat the box down and began moving towards Lily with cruel intent. "If there's anything 'strange' about his dick, you probably gave it to him, you fucking slut!" The woman's breathing was labored as she fumed in and out. She was so close to Lily that the hot flames of the woman's breath scorched her skin.

The woman gripped the kitchen table as she bent over to glare right into Lily's eyes. Her scalding blue eyes spoke of suck hatred and disgust that it was too much for mere human eyes to contain. It spread throughout her whole entire face as it twisted her lips into a permanent snarl, scrunched her slim aquiline nose into a turned up pig's, and finally scorching her skin in a deep violent red..

"Now let's make things fucking clear...This maybe that old bag's house, but MY man lives in that room. If I even catch anything that belongs to you on his side of the room, I will beat your ass. Same goes if you try to pull that shit again in the tattoo parlor. You announcing and flaunting that you live here with him. I'll knock your ass out right in the shop." Silence came between them. "Did I make shit clear?" she asked in a low and deadly voice.

The squeaking of the stair case alerted the woman of someone coming down the stairs. She immediately backed up and sat in the seat across from Lily. Lily thanked God for whoever was coming down the stair case. She turned her head slightly to see Mrs. Yates in her long white nightgown.

"Good morning, Mrs. Yates!" the blonde woman said with a smile. The woman instantly had a face of angelic pleasantry in the stead of the wrathful scorned face of a demon. 

Mrs. Yates said nothing to the woman as she went over to the sink to wash her hands. Lily took the chance to get up and dump the sugary milk into the sink. While Lily was washing her bowl, she saw Mrs. Yates reach for the Cheerios box that the woman had earlier. Lily thought of something quick before Mrs. Yates put whatever that woman had on those hands into her mouth.

"Hey, Mrs. Yates. I was just about to make pancakes. Would you like some?" Lily emphasized her last question. Mrs. Yates looked at her funny, not understanding at all since Lily just got done eating cereal. "I just thought we could have something else than bland, old cheerios."

"I disagree," the blonde woman said. "Cheerios are more heart healthy than that fried pieces of bread." 

Finally getting the point, Mrs. Yates looked back at Lily and said, "Sure , I'll have a couple of hotcakes, hon."

Lily hid a small sigh of relief as she got the ingredients and cookware out. All while she was preparing the food, the blonde woman talked with Mrs. Yates. More so the woman was talking and Mrs. Yates was suffering.

"Hey, mum!" Nicholas's voice shouted from upstairs. "Are you making pancakes?" As soon as it was asked, Nicholas came barreling down the stairs like a worked up little kid to see what was being cooked for breakfast. Lily chanced to look away from the pancakes and scrambled eggs to see an overexcited Nicholas in his pajama bottoms. He had a severe case of bed head with his curls going in every which way imaginable. He had been so worked up about breakfast, he had forgotten to pull his bottoms all the way up, so she could clearly see the top curve of his ass. Lily couldn't help but laugh as she went back to cooking breakfast.

"Shut up, cowgirl," she heard Nicholas say behind her. "Where's the pancakes, mum?" he whined.

"Nicholas, does it look like I'm anywhere near a stove?" Mrs. Yates asked sarcastically.

Lily heard heavy and determined footsteps come up behind her. "Cowgirl, pancake me," Nicholas demanded.

"They're not ready. Go sit down somewhere." Nicholas let out a loud groan as he went to the table and sat down.

After a few minutes, she served pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon to Mrs. Yates and Nicholas. "Would you like a plate...?" Lily simply asked the blonde woman since she didn't know her name. Somehow in the middle of scarfing down his breakfast, Nicholas noticed the hesitation.

"Lily, this is Anna Belle. Anna Belle, this is Lily," Nicholas said in one single breath before going back to demolishing his plate.

"Pleased to meet you," Anna Belle said as if she hadn't just threatened Lily minutes ago. "But no thank you. I don't eat a meal with lots of fat." Annabelle smiled in mock sadness. 

"Actually, the only thing with a high fat content in this meal is the bacon, Anna Belle," Lily said just as pleasantly. Anna Belle flashed a hateful glare as Lily turned back to the oven. Lily sat down with her plate and began eating her second helping of breakfast.

"Well Nicky, honey, I gotta go to my apartment." Anna Belle gave Nicholas a long dramatic kiss on the cheek. "I'll see you at work later." As she left to go out the door, she waved goodbye to Lily and Mrs. Yates.

Once the front door clicked, Mrs. Yates visibly became agitated. She began to skewer her pancakes and stuff them in her mouth as she mumbled in between bites. "I don't know why you bring that girl in here, Nicholas," she fumed. Nicholas responded with a simple shrug and continued to shovel in his food. "What was wrong with the Cheerios?" 

"She stuck her hand straight into the box," Lily said.

"S' wat?" Nicholas said around a mouth full of food.

"She dipped her cum encrusted fingers into food that we eat on a daily basis." Mrs. Yates looked sternly at her son. "Funny how the wench has a classy name but has low class manners and a mouth fit for the navy. She doesn't fool me one bit with that 'Hello Mrs. Yates' act." She scoffed loudly as she mimicked the high pitched voice that the nice version of Anna Belle.

"Hey, cowgirl, can you get me some more bacon?" Nicholas said as he finally lifted his head up for air. "If you have time, could you also make me lunch?" 

Lily stopped in the middle of eating as she stared at him. Why should she? All Nicholas had done since day one is send her into mental distress and confusion. His personality (or personalities as it seemed) was never consistent and always infuriating. All this time she had been trying to figure him out. Who was Nicholas? But yesterday she had found an answer to her question. He was a manipulator.

All he did was do whatever he wanted whenever he felt like it no matter who he hurt. When he couldn't get what he wanted for himself, he would simply substitute. And Lily was that substitute. She was Nicholas's substitute whore...and nothing else. It all made sense now to why he wanted to know about her. All that bull shit about he wanted to know, he wanted to know. He wanted to know if she was easy. And he had proved it. Just like how everyone else had tried to prove it.
