 Kristie wasn't totally sure if she was loosing mind or not. Since she had moved in, she was having trouble being able to tell the difference between reality and dreams. The only thing she knew for sure was that the creepy man she called, "The Watcher" had appeared several times at strange times and would just watch her. He would usually show up when she was having sex with her husband, naked or even going to the bathroom. She was too afraid to say anything to anyone, because she knew how crazy it all seemed. So she decided she would just block him out like she would do with her husband when she was mad at him.

It was a Saturday morning and Kristie was sorting through the dirty laundry in the basement, when she found a piece of paper in a pair of Tony's pants. She unfolded the wrinkled printer paper. It was a printout of an old news story about the death of a young couple. Kristie froze in place as her eyes drifted over the picture of the couple. It was the Watcher and the blonde woman from her dream. The article said their names were, Steve and Heather Jones. The article said it was a murder suicide, but Kristie immediately thought about her dream. Or was it a dream? Could it have been a vision of the past? She ran upstairs and grabbed her laptop.

After several minutes of searching for the names of the couple in the article, she was only able to find little bits of the story from 1982. The only thing she could find was what the article had already said. Her curiosity was peaked now. She felt a drive from within to learn more.

Sitting crossed legged on the couch, Kristie thought back to the dream of the repairman barging in and fighting with the Watcher. Well, Steve. The blonde woman she now knew as Heather had looked to be trying to defend her husband when the repairman knocked the gun towards Steve causing him to be shot. The repairman ran off when Kristie woke up from the dream from the noise of the gunshot. Wait, it was the glass shattering on the floor that woke her. But it felt like she heard a gunshot and now Kristie wondered if that's what it actually was. Something wasn't right. Dreams weren't usually this vivid. 

Tony came walking into the room with dirty boots caked in dirt. He had been outside working in the yard. As Kristie looked up at him she cringed at the sight. His hair was matted in sweat, his arms stained with dirt and his shirt looked like he had just jumped in a pool it was so wet.

"Hey Honey, What'cha doing?" He asked casually.

"I found that article of the couple that owned the house in your pants and I was trying to see if I could find anything else about them."

"The article never said they owned this house..." Tony said, wondering how she knew that part. He never printed out those details.

Kristie's mind scrambled for an answer. She knew she couldn't say that she saw them in a dream.

"Oh well, I just assumed that's who they were. Am I right?"

"Uh, yes you are..." Steve sensed something was off, but she had acted weird since they moved in, which is why he never showed her the article in the first place.

"So did you find anything?" He asked.

"No. Did you? You clearly did some digging already." She asked, not looking away from the laptop screen.

"Not really. I looked up the former owner of the house and then found the article by searching his name. I think he owned a local business. I kind of ran into a dead-end. Not a lot of records are online from the eighties."

"Hmm." Said Kristie in thought.

Tony noticed her intrigue. Maybe this was just what she needed to get her out of her funk.

"Well, I'm going to head into town to pick up some supplies for work the yard." Tony said as he left the room.

Kristie heard the door close, but was not interested in anything to do with the yard. She continued to search online and the time slipped away from her when she was jolted from her trance by the doorbell. She went to the door, wondering who could be there. Their street didn't get much traffic so she thought it might be a solicitor.

She could see the shadow of someone on the other side of the stained glass as she opened the door cautiously, but a smile quickly appeared on her face when she recognized Trey.

Trey was Tony's younger brother. At 19 he was a year out of high school and not the slightest bit interested in college. In school, he had been a popular athlete, but wasn't quite good enough to get a scholarship. While their parents were willing to help Trey financially, he just had no desire for further education. Since he graduated, he had worked several different jobs including everything from retail to construction. Tony had mentioned having Trey help with the house since he was in between jobs again, but they had never made any final decisions about it.

Kristie opened the door and gave Trey a big hug. "Hey! What are you doing here?"

"Tony told me you needed help fixing up your new house! Didn't he tell you?"

Trey bent down and picked a blue duffel bag off the porch that Kristie hadn't noticed. It had been a few months since she last saw Trey and he looked like he had put on about twenty pounds of muscle. She noticed the veins stand out on his forearms as he clutched the large bag.

"Um, yeah. It must have slipped my mind." Kristie said as Trey walked in the house without being invited.

Kristie closed the door. "So what's in the bag?"

Trey dropped the bag with a thud on the hardwood floor. "It would be easier, if I just stayed here while I am helping out, right?" Without waiting for an answer, he continued, "Where my room?"

Kristie liked Trey alright, but he was a bit of a trouble maker and Kristie didn't want him staying there. That would be on Tony though.

"Upstairs and to the right." Kristie said.

Trey grabbed his bag and headed up the stairs. Kristie noticed the way his tight jeans stretched over his hard ass. At the top of the stairs, Steve stood there with a big grin on his face. She quickly diverted her eyes and pulled her cell phone out of her pants and went to the kitchen to call Tony.

"No Honey, I didn't tell him he could stay. I didn't even tell him for sure about helping. I will be home in a bit and I will clear everything up." Tony told his wife over the phone.

Kristie sighed in relief and set the phone down on the kitchen counter.

"Where's Tony?" Trey said, walking into the kitchen and startling Kristie.

"Don't sneak up on people like that!" She said scolding Trey.

Trey threw his arms up and said, "Sorry, didn't know I was being sneaky!" A smile spread across his face disarming the situation. "Great house!"

"Yeah, it's okay"

"Tony said some people were killed here or something. Is it haunted?" Trey said sarcastically, unknowing it was a sore subject for Kristie.

"You never know." Kristie said not wanting to talk about it.

Trey looked at Kristie as she turned from him. He was proud of his older brother for scoring with such a fine piece of ass. He was looking forward to staying at the house and seeing more of that tight little body.

Just then, Tony came in the house. "Trey!", he called with excitement to see his younger brother in his voice.

Tony gave his brother a tour of the house and discussed all the things he wanted done. Eventually, Tony came back in looking for Kristie.

"Okay, I talked to my parents and I talked to Trey. It was just a big miscommunication." Tony said.

"So he's not staying then, right?"

"Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. I think it might actually be a good thing for everyone if he stayed. I mean, just while he's working on the house. Kind of a he earns his rent by working on the house deal. He gets freedom from my parents and we get cheap labor."

Kristie did not like the idea, but didn't really think she had much of an argument. "Okay, but only while he is working on the house."

Tony smiled and gently rubbed her arm.

"He better be on his best behavior or I want him out." Kristie said trying to assert herself.

"Of course. He will be on a short leash."

Tony took the silence as final approval and ran out of the house like a little kid to tell his brother. Maybe having another man around the house would make her feel safer too.

The two brothers spent the rest of the day going over what he would start on and went into town to pick up supplies. That night they had a great time over dinner. Kristie was beginning to feel better as Trey even helped clean up the kitchen after dinner.

When Tony turned some sports on TV, Kristie decided it was time for her to go to bed. She went to the bathroom to take a nice hot bath. Kristie stepped out of her jeans and pulled her shirt over her head. She noticed the dark figure that stood watching from the closet door as Kristie unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor. With her back to the closet, she bent over sliding her cotton panties to the floor exposing the soft folds of her pussy lips.

Kristie added some bath oil to the hot water. She dipped one foot in the water and paused from the temperature. She loved the slight sting of a hot bath. Slowly, the rest of her tanned body slid into the tub. Goosebumps riddled her body and her brown nipples hardened from the sudden temperature change. Kristie slid down until the water went up to her neck to make sure it was deep enough and turned the water off.

Kristie leaned back against the tub and closed her eyes, letting the hot water relax her muscles. Steam rose from the water and coated the mirrors. The figure from the closet was now standing at the side of the tub. Watching her delicate body through the clear water. He stood frigid, but his dark eyes moved over each curve.

The tension was gone and Kristie felt wonderful. She realized her hands hand begun roaming her body. If felt so good she didn't mind that it wasn't her own mind willing it to happen. Each delicate hand came up and grabbed a breast that made them look even bigger than they actually were. Her soft fingers began gently tweaking each nipple. Excitement started to build in the pit of her stomach. Her breathing became stronger and the top of her chest poked out of the water into the cool air. Her right hand moved to her clit and began rubbing herself gently. The warm feeling in her stomach began to build and spread through her entire body. Her middle finger slipped into her pussy and her thumb took over on the clit.

Steve's eyes focused in on the finger sliding in and out of Kristie's pussy. Her hips began to rock under the water and Kristie let a slight whimper slip out of her lips. Her finger seemed to wiggle and reach deeper than she expected. Suddenly her finger felt like it was vibrating. Her breathing quickened and the sensation became stronger. Her finger felt like it was growing inside her pussy as the vibration became more intense. She lifted her hips trying to reach deeper into her pussy. Her hips began to rock and water splashed out of the tub. Kristie's head leaned back with her head on the lip of the tub and moaned out in pleasure. Her wet breasts bounced with the waves she was creating and her hips rocked uncontrollably. Kristie lost her breath as her entire body shuddered for what felt like several minutes. Her breath suddenly came back and she dropped her body back down splashing more water on the floor.

Gasping for air, her eyes flashed opened and she sat up. She looked around the bathroom only noticing the water on the floor and laid back in relief.

"Wow" She said quietly to herself with a smile on her face and closed her eyes again. She started to wonder if that was Steve or if was her and quickly washed Steve from her thoughts.

-

The next day, Kristie was worried about Trey being in her house all day with no one there. She had called Tony several times to see if he had checked in, but didn't seem worried about it. By the time she got home she had stressed herself out. She rushed inside to see if she could catch him up to no good, but instead found him in the dining room painting the wall. He was wearing tight-fitting blue jeans, old cowboy boots and no shirt.

Trey turned to see Kristie in the doorway looking a little frazzled, but still hot in a white blouse and tan skirt. Her naturally tanned skin contrasted nicely and he loved the way her breasts heaved under the thin material of her blouse. He smiled. "Rough day?"

Kristie noticed a few drips of dried paint on his chiseled chest and her eyes dropped to his well-defined abs.

"Um, yeah. Glad the day is over."

She pulled her eyes away from Trey and headed to her room to get changed. "Why can't Tony have abs like that?" She asked herself jokingly, but was really more relieved that Trey seemed to be doing a good job.

Kristie was about to start removing her blouse when she realized she had left her bedroom door open. She pushed the door shut with her foot and begun unbuttoning her blouse. "No free shows today for Trey."

Downstairs, Trey put down the paint roller and pulled out his cell phone. Earlier in the day, he had set up a couple of wireless webcams in the house. They weren't anything fancy, but all Trey had to do was open up an app on his phone and now he could see his sister in-law pulling her blouse off!

Kristie tossed her blouse to the floor and kicked her heels off. She unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor unaware that Trey was watching her from downstairs. Trey felt a swelling in his pants at the sight of Kristie's perfect tear drop shaped tits. He was surprised how much bigger they looked on her naked body.

"Get back to work!" Tony called out from the doorway with a smile.

Trey nearly dropped the phone into the bucket of paint. "Oh, hey. I didn't hear you come in!" Trey said closing out the app quickly and putting the phone back in his pocket.

Kristie came up behind Tony in a pair of sweat pants and old t-shirt. "Looks great to me!" She said.

By the way her tits jiggled under the shirt, it was clear Kristie wasn't wearing a bra. Having just seen them, Trey could now imagine what she looked like if she wasn't wearing a shirt at all. He smiled broadly.

"I'll get dinner started." Kristie said breaking the silence and headed to the kitchen.

-

That night after everyone went to their bedrooms, Trey pulled out his phone to see if he could get another glimpse of Kristie. Instead he was greeted by an image of his nude brother walking in front of the camera.

"Ugh!" He said in disappointment.

He went to another app and checked in with some of his friends before coming back to the webcam. Both Tony and Kristie were in bed and looked to be watching the TV. Trey went back to playing on his phone before dozing off. The shadowy figure of the watcher stood in the corner of the room as Trey drifted off to sleep.

Trey found himself in a dream. It took him a minute to realize where he was, but he saw Kristie walking up the stairs in a t-shirt with some old guy following her with his tongue hanging out of his mouth. When she got to the top of the stairs, Trey could see why. She was only wearing panties and this guy was getting quite the show.

Suddenly they were in Kristie's room and he watched as she pulled out the dude's dick and began blowing him! Before he knew it, the guy was on his back on the floor and his sister in-law was riding this guy like an animal.

Trey woke up in a cold sweat and realized he was out of breath. He shook his head. It felt so real that he was confused. He checked the webcam and could see the couple were now asleep in bed. With his mouth feeling dry, he decided to get something to drink.

Meanwhile Kristie found herself in a playful dream. She and Heather Jones were chasing each other around the house. They were laughing as they both ran through the house in only a t-shirt and panties. They both stopped suddenly when they got to the kitchen. Trey was leaning back against the counter with a glass of water.

Heather looked back at Kristie with a naughty gleam in her eye. She watched the blonde walk up to him and take the glass of water from him.

~

Trey was startled when he heard footsteps run into the kitchen. He watched confused as Kristie looked back at the doorway for a moment. She approached him seductively by swaying her hips with each step until stopping right in front of him. As confident as Trey is in his sex life, he was speechless as this blue-eyed Asian beauty stared deep into his soul. She took the cup gently from him and brought it to her lips. As she tilted the glass up, she let water dribble from her lips to her shirt.

~

Kristie watched from the doorway as the blonde let the water drip on her shirt making her breasts more and more visible through the thin cotton. Her nipples looked like they were trying to tear through the thin, wet cotton. Heather turned away from Trey and put the glass in the sink.

~

Trey jumped from the noise of the glass being placed in the sink roughly. Kristie looked over her shoulder at him. A smile and a quick wink was all he needed as he rushed up behind her and thrust his boxer clad hips into her plump ass. Kristie reached up and pulled his head down to kiss him over her shoulder. As they kissed with tongues probing each others mouth, Trey reached around and grabbed Kristie's breasts through the wet shirt. Trey rolled her stiff nipples between his strong hands through the wet shirt. Kristie rubbed her ass back into his crotch feeling the bulge grow. Trey broke the kiss and pulled the wet shirt over her head and tossed it to the floor. He bent down to kiss each breast and mash them in his face. Kristie reached and found the hard-on that had found its own way out of the boxers fly. She stroked it with both hands as Trey worked his tongue up her chest, then to her neck and back to her mouth. He picked her up and set her on the edge of the counter dressed on only her panties. She pulled him by his cock closer to her until the head rubbed up against her panties.

Kristie pulled her panties to the side with one hand and rubbed the fat cock against her pussy with the other. She moved her hips until she found the right angle to slide him in. Trey knew his way from here and pushed his cock deep inside the sexy half Asian. He immediately began pumping furiously. Kristie wrapped her small legs around Trey and began thrusting her hips back to meet his thrusts. Their bodies slapped with each thrust. Kristie's silky black hair tossed back and forth in the wild motion.

~

From the doorway, Kristie still watched the entire event as Heather fucked Tony's younger brother on the kitchen counter. It reminded her of her dream when the repairman fucked her. And then, almost as if on cue, she leaned back on the counter just like in her dream.

~

Trey watched Kristie lay back on the counter as he continued his thrusts as a furious pace. Her breasts bounced back and forth. Watching those smooth mounds shake naturally was too much to take so Trey grabbed them with his big hands and marveled at their softness. The sensation was too much for Trey and his cock erupted with hot sperm deep inside her hot pussy.

~

From the doorway, Kristie felt herself breathing hard. Suddenly she felt someone watching her and turned to see the Watcher standing next to her with his eyes locked in on the couple in the kitchen.

Suddenly, Kristie sat up in bread breathing heavy and drenched in sweat. She quickly reached over to find her husband sleeping soundly. She laid back down trying to relax, but her heart was pounding so hard it felt like it would burst from her chest. After several minutes of controlled breathing, she slowly drifted back to sleep.

Down the hall, Trey was just dosing off after having the most amazing sex of his life with his sister-in law.