 Preface

Kristie was 28, married and had a great job, exactly how she wanted it. Kristie had never really been left wanting for anything in her life. Some might say she's lucky while others might call her spoiled. Either way, she's used to getting what she wants.

At 5'4" and only 105 lbs, Kristie is quite petite. Her mother was Japanese and her father's roots were European. She had her mother's beautiful complexion and silky black hair, but her father's blue eyes. She had other features that came from her father's side too, like that she was also taller than everyone on mother's side of the family and also got her hourglass figure from her father's side. While she wasn't overly top heavy, her boobs looked large on her small frame. It was the same with her butt, any red blooded male would think it's perfect. But like most women, Kristie thought it was too big though.

Kristie had been a cheerleader in high school and went to a State College to earn her bachelors in business administration. It was there that she met her future husband, Tony. They started dating her Junior year in the fall and they were married the year after she graduated.

Tony was career focused and was able to get his foot in the door with a major IT company shortly after graduating and Kristie was able to get a job working at the corporate offices of a manufacturing company. After six years into their careers everything seemed to be going to schedule. 

Next up on Kristie's plan was to buy a house. The housing market was pretty bad, but if you looked in the right places you could still find hidden gems.

Chapter 1

After spending a few Sunday's checking out open houses, Kristie and Tony were starting to feel frustrated. Everything was either way too expensive or a total mess until Tony found an online listing for a house like looked nice in the pictures and the price was right up their alley. 

Kristie called the real estate company that had the listing and scheduled a tour. Hoping for the best, but expecting the worst the couple left work early to meet the agent.

Tony used the GPS to find the address that was just outside the city limits. The further away from the center of town, the more green their surroundings were. Big beautiful oak trees that had been around for years made a beautiful canopy over the two lane street they were riding on. 

"It's going to take a lot longer to get to work." Tony said, breaking the silence while keeping his eyes on the road. 

"Turn there!" Kristie shouted as they passed a small street to the right. 

Tony slammed on the breaks of their small Toyota Prius activating the seat belts as the couple slammed forward. 

"Damn it, Kristie. You can't do that. You're going to get us in a wreck!" Tony said irritated.

"You passed it, that's the name of the street right back there." Kristie said ignoring the attitude.

Tony looked at his phone. The GPS didn't even show a street there so he zoomed the map out and saw the location that it was sending them to was still a ways off. Knowing he wouldn't hear the end of it, he put the car in reverse and backed up on the empty canopy road to see where his wife was directing her.

It was a small unpaved road that led into a densely wooded path. Tony was just about to ask if she was sure, when he noticed the sale sign that was nearly blocked by an overgrown bush. 

They pulled onto the dirt road slowly as they approached a mailbox. 

"Is that it?" Tony asked. 

"Pull closer, I can't see the numbers on the side of the mailbox."

Tony pulled closer, but by then he could see it wasn't the right house number. They were already pulling away when Kristie announced that it wasn't the house they were looking for. 

Each driveway was about 100 yards in between each other when they arrived at the third mailbox.

"That's it." Kristie announced proudly that she noticed it first.

They turned into the gravel driveway and the trees thinned out to a yard with a Victorian style home sitting peacefully. The driveway led up the front of the house before circling back to the same path that led them here.

An older Cadillac was already sitting in the driveway and the couple parked right behind it. They got out of the car and were starting to asses the outside of the home when a woman's voice broke their train of thought.

"You must be the Parkers! I'm so glad you could make it!" An older woman in a dress suit said from the front door. 

The woman stepped carefully down the wooden steps leading down to the driveway.

"I'm Mary Stephens and I will be showing you the house." The woman said, reaching out to shake the hands of the couple. 

Marry looked like she was in her early sixties, but was trying a little too hard to look younger with her hair color obviously not the shade of blonde it was currently dyed as. 

"Why don't we go inside and have a look!" Mary suggested waving her hand towards the front door. 

As they walked up the steps Tony looked carefully at the condition of the wooden staircase. They had been painted white at some point and it was either faded or peeling in most places. He was surprised at how sturdy they felt though. 

They walked into a beautiful foyer with a simple but elegant chandelier and wooden floors. 

Kristie spoke up, "Are floors made from real wood?" 

"Yes, all the woodwork is made from real wood. Most of it, I believe, is Oak." Mary replied.

Off the entry way was a staircase that led to the second story where there were three bedrooms. There were two big open rooms on both sides and the kitchen were just past the staircase. Under the stairs was a door that led down to a surprisingly large basement. The main house was well lit and with no blinds or curtains on any of the large windows, the natural sunlight warmed the house. 

Kristie couldn't help but comment at every little thing she liked about the house which upset Tony, who was trying not to look too interested to help with any possible negotiations. Secretly he was impressed with the house. While a little outdated, everything appeared to be solid and in good condition. He couldn't help but wonder what the catch was. The listing was clearly under market value and it looked like the house had been on the market for a while.

"Let's do it!" Kristie whispered excitedly to Tony.

Tony groaned, seeing that the Realtor had heard Kristie's comment. He motioned with his hands for her to calm down.

"It's a beautiful house. So I have to ask, why has it been on the market this long?" Tony asked doing his best negotiator impression.

"It's really just been a tough market and honestly, it's not the most convenient location either." Mary said using her sales charm.

Tony didn't say anything waiting for her to continue.

Mary continued, "I do have to let know by law that the previous owners died here."

Kristie gasped and covered her mouth with her hand.

Mary tried to distract and continued on, "The house sat in escrow for quite a while the couple's estate was worked out. Then the housing market crashed and one thing led to another. Now it's a real steal!"

Kristie's eyes worked the room to see if she could tell where someone died. 

She asked quietly, "How did they die?"

Mary wanted to move on to another subject. "I'm not sure. Eventually the bank took the house and then contracted with us to sell it for them. Shall we look outside?"

Mary opened the front door, motioning them all outside. They walked the outside of the house, which like the inside was well built but slightly outdated. The yard had clearly not received much attention and looked to be in the worst shape. There was no lawn, only patches of weeds and bushes that may have one been manicured hedges.

Tony spoke up as they were near the cars in front. 

"Well, thank you for your time Ms. Stephens. My wife and I will be in touch."

Mary was not surprised as this is where most people decided they weren't interested, but decided to give it another shot.

"You seem like such a nice couple. Can I be honest?" 

She didn't wait for an answer before continuing.

"The bank would really like to get this property off the books. Make any offer and I will present it." Realtors were obligated to present all offers regardless, but she wanted to stress that no amount was too small.

The couple thought about it and looked at each other. 

Tony broke the silence, "May I have a moment with my wife?"

"Absolutely! I will just be inside, closing up." Mary said with a smile and headed up the front porch to go inside.

Kristie grabbed her husband's arm anxiously. "People died in there!"

Tony rolled his eyes. "So?"

"So?" Kristie pleaded, "It could be haunted!"

"Come on, honey. Really? It's really a nice house. Just needs a little cleaning up." Tony said.

Seeing his wife was still hesitant, he continued "Let's make a low ball offer and if they accept, we can clean it up and if you don't want to move in we can just flip it."

Since Kristie didn't argue, Tony took that as an agreement. He went into the house and a few minutes later he and Mary came out. Tony went straight to the Prius and got in the car. 

As Kristie got in, she hears Mary call out, "I let you know what they say!" 

Kristie closed the door to the car and the young couple headed back to their apartment.

Chapter 2

The bank ended up accepting the offer and after a quick closing, Tony and Kristie were homeowners. Kristie quickly forgot about her anxiety about the house and quickly began looking forward to the next phase of her life.

With the help of a few friends, it only took one full day to move out of their apartment and into the house. The last of Tony's friends had just left and it was getting dark out. 

Kristie was in the kitchen trying to unpack the dishes so they could eat the Chinese food they picked up on their last trip. Tony was still moving boxes into the correct room. 

Kristie was reaching into the cabinet putting cups away when she felt her husband walk up behind her. She felt his breath on her neck. She loved it when Tony did that to her. It was one of her spots that always turned her on.

"Don't make me drop the glasses!" She said teasingly.

"What?" Tony's voice called out from the next room.

Kristie turned to see that in fact he wasn't there. 

"Uh, you ready to eat?" She said confused. 

She swore she felt him. Maybe it was a draft in the house.

Tony walked into the kitchen looking tired.

"Great idea. I'm starving." He said.

They sat at their small table in the kitchen surrounded by boxes.

"Can you believe we had that much crap?" Tony said in between bites of broccoli beef.

"Your stuff might be crap..." Kristie said with a smile.

She went on, "I don't know about you, but I'm feeling beat. You want to go to bed early and start fresh in the morning?"

Kristie was feeling a little horny and thought they might could break into their new house.

"Yeah. That's a good idea. I noticed some of the light bulbs around the house are burnt out anyway and I'll need a ladder to reach them. I don't want to unpack using flashlights and it will be easier to do that when it's light outside. 

They finished dinner and started heading to their room. The moonlight from outside actually gave them plenty of light as they walked up the stairs. Tony stopped at the top of the stairs and looked out the window into the yard.

"It's so beautiful." Tony admired. "Look, a deer!" He pointed out the window to a young deer walking through their yard.

"Awe, so cute!" Kristie exclaimed.

As the deer left their view, The couple walked into the bedroom holding hands. The mattress was on the floor and like the rest of the house filled with moving boxes yet to be opened. 

"Do you care if I just lay out some blankets for tonight?" Tony said, looking at bed dreading more lifting. 

"That's fine honey!" Kristie was digging through a box of her clothes trying to find something sexy to entice Tony. She found a sheer teddy that Tony had bought her for valentines day one year. She looked over at Tony to see if he noticed what she had picked out, but he was busy laying out the blankets. She moved quickly to the bathroom and closed the door so she could come out and surprise him.

Kristie admired herself in the mirror as she threw her dirty clothes on the floor. Her skin was so smooth as she ran her hand over her flat stomach. She lifted her breasts with both hands and worried about them sagging despite Tony being adamant that they sat perfectly. He would tell her, "If they didn't have any hang they would look fake. They are perfect!"

Kristie pulled the thin fabric over her head and looked at her again. The fabric was so thin you could clearly see every inch of her sexy body the teddy was over. Kristie opened the bathroom door and tried her best to make a model like pose against the door frame. The moonlight lit the room just enough to make out the outline of her body as she leaned with her back against the door frame. Her nipples were just big enough to make out in this lovely image. 

Tony was laying facing away from her so she cleared her throat to get his attention. 

Still no movement....

She walked around to the other side of the bed to find him asleep. She laid down next to him, hoping he would wake up from disturbing the mattress. Next she tried snuggling up to him and rubbed her hands over his body. Her hands made their way into his boxers and felt his limp manhood. 

Frustrated, Kristie rolled over and pulled the blanket up and within a few moments she drifted off to sleep herself. 

Kristie awoke to the feeling of her husband's hands gently caressing her body. Not wanting to interrupt him, she didn't move. His hands moved lovingly across her stomach and over her sides, then under the teddy. His hands firmly moved over each breast and firmly massaged each one while just lightly teasing her sensitive nipples. His hands moved down over her stomach, then to her pelvis. His fingers lightly brushed through the small strip of pubic hair she kept trim and stopped at her clit. She could already feel how wet her pussy was and opened her legs slightly to see what he would do next. 

His thumb slowly manipulated her clit, making her open her legs wider to invite more. He slipped a finger into her now sopping wet pussy with his other hand and massaged the inner wall. With his other hand still caressing her clit, Kristie wiggled her hips against his strong fingers. It wasn't long before she couldn't take it anymore and felt herself shudder with an orgasm. Her body relaxed as she felt her juices flooding over the fingers as they slowly pulled away. While she had never squirted during an orgasm, she would gush occasionally and she could feel her juices seeping out of her pussy. 

"MMM. Now it's your turn." Kristie said, feeling relaxed and reached down for Tony's hand but didn't feel him. She opened her eyes to see where he went, but had trouble seeing anything in the dark room.

"Where did you go?" She asked, feeling around the bed and them felt him lying on his side next to her.. 

"What you don't want your turn?" She asked teasingly while crawling on top of him pushing onto his back.

Tony was sound asleep when he felt Kristie climb on top of him and pushed him over.

"What the hell are you doing?"Tony asked, irritated and groggy.

Kristie's mood switched and was mad at him now. "Fine." she said and flopped herself next to him on the bed. 

She started to wonder if had just been a dream. It wouldn't be her first erotic dream, but it felt so real. She thought about how good it felt as she fell back to sleep.

Chapter 3

The next day the couple stayed busy trying to unpack their belongings. Despite not having enough furniture to fill the house they were starting to feel like it was their home. 

Kristie decided to take a shower before dinner. She took off her clothes and put them in the hamper before heading into the bathroom. She opened the clear glass shower door and turned on the water. A loud groan in the pipes throughout the house echoed and no water came out. She fumbled the knobs with no luck. 

"Tony!" She yelled.

No answer.

She yelled louder. "Tony!" 

She heard him coming up the stairs and into their room. 

"The water is not working." Kristie said expecting to see him walking into the bathroom, but saw a strange man in the doorway instead. 

Kristie felt her heart stop and lost her breath for a moment. It felt like she was frozen in time. This man looked like he was in his thirties. His hair short, black and parted to the side. He was wearing a suit, but something was off about the suit. Something didn't look right about it like it was outdated. Their eyes were locked while Kristie stood completely naked. Goosebumps flooded over her as she remained too shocked to move. 

Suddenly becoming self-aware, Kristie moved her hands to attempt to cover her pussy and an arm across her breasts. Her mind was spinning out of control and she didn't know what to do. Her instincts kicked into flight response and took a step backwards not thinking that she was cornering herself in the shower. Her foot tripped on the ledge into the shower stall and she fell back onto her bare ass that slapped loudly against the cold tile. The pain that jolted through her body released a primal scream deep from within her. 

"Kristie! What's wrong? Kristie?!" She suddenly heard Tony yelling and shaking her shoulders. She opened her eyes to find herself on the bed. 

"There's someone in the house!" She said weeping.

Tony tried to comfort her and wrapped her in his arms. "It's okay baby. It was just a dream."

Kristie broke the embrace and stood up. 

"It wasn't a dream!" She insisted. "I was getting in the shower and the water wouldn't come on!" 

Tony looked at her confused when she realized her clothes were still on. Kristie ran into the bathroom trying to make sense of what she knew happened. She turned the knob in the shower and water streamed out like it should. 

"But.." Kristie's mind tried to sort it out, but nothing made sense.

Tony had followed her into the bathroom and gave her another hug. This time Kristie let him and allowed herself to calm down in his arms.

Kristie couldn't sleep at all that night. Her mind continued to play back what happened in the bathroom. Was she losing her mind? Was it a dream? Or did it actually happen like she felt it did? Every creak and random noise from outside kept her paranoid. 

Chapter 4

The next morning Tony was up and getting ready for work. Kristie sat at the edge of the bed trying to will herself to get ready herself. With absolutely no sleep, Kristie felt awful and foolish that she kept herself up. 

"Do you feel okay?" Tony asked concerned. 

"I didn't get any sleep last night." She said in a groggy voice.

"Why don't you just stay home? You were going to leave early to meet the cable guy anyway." Tony reasoned. 

"Yeah, okay. Maybe I will." Kristie laid back down. 

The next thing she knew she heard the doorbell ringing. Kristie felt herself get out of bed and headed to get the door. Something felt weird, but she wasn't able to pinpoint it. 

Bob had been dreading this job all day. It was a fresh install which meant he would likely have to run new cables through the house. At 42, all Bob knew was being a cable technician. He was filling in the form attached to his clipboard when the door opened. His jaw dropped when he saw this sexy young lady standing in front of him with only a t shirt and panties. 

They both sat there for several moments before the man's voice cracked.

"Um, Hi. I'm Bob. Um. I mean I'm here to install the cable and internet."

Kristie couldn't understand why he was being so awkward. She looked the older man over and stepped back to let him inside. Bob looked more like a stereotypical plumber with a few extra pounds around the middle, slightly thinning hair and an unshaven face. 
