 -Edited by Nom de Plume-

*Fictional story. All characters involved are over 18 as I do not consent to using minors in my stories*

***

There was a werewolf that had been locked away in a dark cellar, chained to a wall as a human and on full moons he would change into a Werewolf, but he could never leave due to his bindings. For months, he sat in the cellar, plotting his revenge on the townsfolk who trapped him. One day, a woman entered his cell bringing food for him so he wouldn't starve. She looked about 5'7 and couldn't have weighed any more than 98 pounds. She had shoulder length brown hair and perky, round 34B breasts. Every day she came to him with food and water, but never did he get the chance to be free. She, as well as everyone else, knew not to free him in fear of his blood thirsty vengeance. This time however, she came to tease the creature as revenge for killing her husband. As she entered, he sat slumped on the ground, his arms chained above his head and the man was naked from head to toe due to his constant changes every full moon. She smirked at his limp cock as it lay across his thigh. His balls rested just above the ground, swollen with seed. His cock remained semi-hard permanently due to long months with no release. She walked over to him and tilted his chin back to let him drink from her water basin. He looked up at her as she gave him water. She smiled a wicked smile before stepping back and dusting her hands off on her dress.

"Please.. let me go. I promise I won't kill anyone. I'll go far, far away from everyone and hunt wild game, not people. I've learned my lesson. I can't even break these steel chains and bindings. You don't know what it's like to be caged in here with a beast dwelling inside you."

The woman tapped her chin then answered, "Do you remember killing a man? Specifically, a man dressed in red garments who happened to be gathering wood?"

The man's eyes moved from side to side as he thought, "No."

"Well that man was my husband. Was being the keyword. Now you're all chained up and for good measure too. In fact, screw you. I'm going to make you wish you had release."

She moved closer to him before taking a hold of his semi-hard pink cock. Just from her touching it, it straightened up and began pulsing in her hand. She squeezed it slightly making precum ooze from the tip in streams.

"Look at that. Months without a way to relieve yourself and you get ready to explode just from a touch. I haven't played with a cock in a long time thanks to you. Now you'll feel my pain."

The man's eyes widened, but he did not protest. Her touch felt amazing on his cock. It rose to life with just a grab and his balls began churning their seed in his sack. The woman caressed his long cock and twirled her fingers around its head, smearing precum across the top making the man's toes curl in pleasure. Then she let go and watched the tip force precum from its mouth, dripping down the length of his shaft.

"No..no please don't leave me like this. I need release... I need to cum!"

She smiled and lowered her dress around her waist, exposing her breasts and hardened nipples. The man stopped mid sentence and stared at her beautiful chest. They were so round and perky. Just a hand size full. She rubbed her breasts, playing with herself in front of him. She tugged on her nipples and made her breasts bounce side to side as moaned. She then lifted her dress just high enough to reveal her soaking wet pussy. The man's eyes eye-fucked her shaved hole as she blatantly revealed herself to him. She sat on the ground just inches away and rubbed her pussy as he watched, his cock pulsing uncontrollably. His balls pumped precum stream after stream as he watched her pleasure herself. Finally, she walked over to him and let him taste her breasts. His eager tongue licked each nipple before gently sucking on them. She then rubbed her wet hole against his cock before stepping away and re-dressing herself leaving his balls aching for release more so than before. He fought against his chains to try and get her but only struggled. She tossed his food to the side with no way for him to even grab it due to his bindings and walked away chuckling.

"Fuck you, asshole. You killed my husband."

The man lowered his head and watched his pulsing cock with desperate eyes.

That night, a full moon had hit, and it was just what he was waiting for. Every night that it was a full moon, he used his beast form to wiggle the chains out of the wall little by little until finally, months after having full moons went by, they were on their last leg. As the moon rose up, his body began shifting and changing into the creatures true form. His legs grew large and thick with muscle, covered in fur. His head and chest morphed into a powerful form, his face taking form of a wolf, a tail forming from his tailbone. His semi-hard cock took the form of a red dog cock, growing larger and thicker than any man's, growing to the size of an arm. His balls swelled larger and larger until they were the size of tennis balls, his sack getting tougher and leathery, a row of thick hair creasing down the center of his sack. His cock twitched to life with anticipation of what he was going to do to that woman from earlier. He roared loud and thunderous as he tugged against his bindings hard until they flew free from the wall and crashed onto the ground around him. Free at last, he broke down the door with ease and took off running on all fours, his large balls bouncing hard back and forth as his large red tipped cock hoovered dangerously low to the ground, slapping his belly with each strut.

As he got into town, everyone began running wild for weapons to fight the beast, but the werewolf easily tore them to pieces, his cock smacking people on the face smearing his precum across their cheeks as he rushed around tearing and biting. He pounced on the girl from earlier just as she turned around to see all the commotion. His large ball sack crushed her back as he landed, his thick doggy cock smacked her , the spear tip poking the back of her head. As he stood up to grab her, she slipped away, diving under him, her hands brushing his balls as she slid under, slapping

his leathery sack backwards before it swung forward, full and brimming with hybrid seed. The sudden attack on his balls forced a large stringy strand of precum to ooze from his tip and hang freely in the air. The precum swung freely as he moved around to find her again, his balls desiring their well deserved release. The woman hid inside a small shack, closing the door behind her and propping a chair under the doorknob. The werewolf sniffed the air and walked up to the shack, smashing his clawed hand through the side and gripping onto the top of the girls dress. She instinctively pulled away forcing his claws to rip the dress clean off of her body. Another clawed hand reached through and felt around for her as he growled and howled at the door, his massive red spear poking the side of the door and smearing the strands of precum against the wood making lines of clear white goo. She yelled for help as his beastly hands gripped her chest, both hands grabbing at her breasts and fondling her as he felt to see what he had. She moaned softly as his furry hands moved around her body. He quickly realized it was her and removed his claws before backing up and charging at the door. The door splintered apart and fell do the ground revealing his massive figure in the doorway, his large balls swinging side to side with the force as he howled at her. The girl was on the ground sitting up, eye level with his pulsing rod as he walked closer to her.

"No! No stay away!!"

"You shouldn't have teased me in that cellar, girl! Now that pussy is mine and I've been craving for release for some time now."

She screamed louder as he stood above her, dropping his balls right onto her face.

"You feel that girl! That is a full, heavy sack full of my cum that I will release into your womb!"

The girl pushed up against his large balls, feeling just how heavy his tennis ball sized nuts were. They were the size of her whole hand and she actually had to use some strength to push them off of her.

"Get off of me, you animal!!"

He werewolf laughed and his large pink tongue slid out from his mouth and licked his thin lips as he drooled in anticipation for her cunt.

"Touch my cock and I just might let you live."

She gasped and stared at just how large it was. The size of her arm was swinging between meaty thighs, harder than wood and as thick as a tree branch. She slapped it off her face making it slap his thigh and squirt precum out of the tip onto the floor.

He growled loud, "You like it rough huh? Fine! Your little married cunt is mine then!! Not like I was gonna ask anyways."

She fought against his hands as he easily picked her up into the air and angled her towards his large red rocket like she was some kind of sex toy.

"Oh ho ho yes. You are tight," the beast moaned as his crimson red cock tip pierced her entrance with ease. He then slowly lowered her body onto his cock even as she struggled against him. She wiggled around on his cock as her stomach bulged making a large lump where his cock was. He pushed her all the way to the base of his dick, letting her round ass hit his balls before sighing loudly. He then let out a thunderous roar and slid her back off his cock before pushing her down onto it once again. Her legs went weak as her pussy was stretched wider than any human cock could muster. She felt stuffed and her pussy was more than full of his werewolf schlong. Every time he forced her pussy down onto his pulsing spear, she could feel his leathery balls slap her ass hard leaving red marks on her butt. He then pulled her all the way off of his member before forcing her into her stomach and pinning her down with one claw. He then climbed behind her and aligned his tip to her pussy hole before sliding in easier than he should have. She was getting extremely wet from being taken advantage of by a beast. 

He howled louder than before as he began pounding her pussy deep and hard, his balls shoving her legs down into the ground and dragging against the back of her legs with each thrust. She could feel his rough fur from his balls glide up and down her Meg's as her womb expanded and shrank each time he thrust. Within minutes, his cock began twitching and grew twice as large, his balls rising up in his sack, first the left and then the right, as they began pushing his thick gooey cum up and into his cock. She felt the explosion of warm liquid inside of her stomach as he began emptying a year's worth of cum deep into her pussy, coating the walls with his spunk. Her stomach inflated with how much cum he was producing. The beast, after thrusting a few more times to ensure his balls were completely emptied, pulled his cock free causing a gusher of cum to follow. She shuddered as wave after wave of cum poured out of her pussy, her stomach shrinking back to its normal size as his seed was pushed out of her body. The werewolf stood up and howled towards the moon, his red cock shrinking in some until it hid back inside his sheath, his balls now the size of grapes from emptying.