 This is filed under Erotic Horror because as it goes along, it'll feature gruesome deaths and violence. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff, along with non-human magical creatures. If none of that is what you're after, don't bother continuing from here.

And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

* * * * *

"Fucking cataloguing," Dr Mia McAllister swore as she looked at the dusty array of bottles, boxes and containers on the shelves in front of her. She was a research scientist, god damn it, and shouldn't be concerned with what was a thoroughly mundane task. But here she was, stuck in the basement of the Wilbraham Academy and tasked with catching up on the years' old back log of specimens.

The basement door opened and Mia looked up, almost snarling at the sight of her assistant Kat Denholm. It was her fault that they'd both be sent to the basement and given this god forsaken job.

"So good of you to join me," Mia said sarcastically.

"I'm really sorry, Doctor," Kat said, hanging her head in shame as she approached her boss.

"Sorry doesn't get us out of doing this," Mia grumbled, indicating the row on row of shelves. "If you'd thought about what you were doing before you posted that picture, I could be getting on with more important things instead of being stuck down here with you."

Kat wanted to curl up into a ball and vanish rather than see the annoyed expression on the doctor's face. "Sorry," she said again.

"If you're that sorry, you can start cataloguing the ones at the far end," Mia said, pointing to the back of the room.

Kat picked up the spare clipboard and pen and shuffled off to the back of the room.

Just a week before, Kat had thought that finally, after six months of working together, she and the doctor were actually becoming friends. One of the other research scientists had invited Mia out to celebrate his birthday and, as she'd been in the room at the time, he'd asked if Kat wanted to come along as well. She'd refused at first but had agreed when Mia had insisted she come.

Dr Mia McAllister was everything Kat wanted to be: she was incredibly smart, having studied several sciences and gained her doctorate despite her relatively young 22 years of age. She'd been fast tracked through university and gained a prestigious job at the Wilbraham Academy.

She was also stunning, her film star looks complimented by her slim figure that was all graceful lines and smooth contours. It was like working with Kiera Knightley, Kat had thought on more than one occasion, and she longed for some of that glamour to rub off on her.

Kat knew that she wasn't bad looking herself. She had a certain homely charm that some men found attractive and had never found herself short of admirers but, if she was honest, she wanted to be slimmer. Her boyfriends had used phrases such as curvy, generously proportioned or big and beautiful. Several unkind girls she'd know had simply called her fat or dumpy - - her breasts were small but her belly and hips were large, much larger than she liked. She dyed her hair electric blue in an effort to divert attention from her body.

When Mia had asked her to accompany her on the night out, Kat had thought the months of her working diligently for Mia were going to finally pay off. The doctor had never been hostile but was always businesslike. Despite her looks and figure, Kat didn't think she'd ever been out on a date - - she'd been asked out plenty of times but simply wasn't interested in men or dating in general. For her to insist on Kat's attendance was, to Kat's mind, proof that Mia wanted to spend time with her.

The night out had been fun, on the whole, though Mia had been less friendly than Kat had hoped. By the end of the night, after a few more drinks than perhaps was needed, Kat gave into the boys who pestered her to try and make out with the Ice Queen as they called Mia. If she was honest, Kat did have a small crush on the doctor so it wasn't too difficult to approach her and give her a big kiss, startling Mia for a second, long enough for Kat to take a selfie as the boys cheered.

Fifteen seconds later and the picture was up on Facebook.

One day later and the Academy's board were made aware of the photo.

Two days later and both of them were called before the board to explain what they called "inappropriate behaviour of professional staff." The punishment for the offence was for both of them to lose a week's pay and to spend a week in the basement cataloguing the old specimens.

Kat was mortified. She'd lost the tentative friendship of Mia who now looked at her with contempt and, rightly, blamed her for the predicament they were in. On top of that, she was forced to work with her in this dark, dusty and forgotten basement.

Having no choice, Kat started working through the boxes and containers that had been sent or donated to the Academy over the years and which mostly contained useless ornaments or long decayed fruit or vegetables that someone had thought might be interesting. The list on her clipboard grew as the day wore on, stopping only to make a coffee - - Mia had made herself a drink without offering Kat one.

As she stood at the end of the room sipping at her drink, she looked at the next box on her shelf. It was old, the cardboard scuffed on all the corners and edges, the label on the front peeling off as the glue that had held it in place deteriorated. A dark stain ran around the base of it, dark green at the bottom fading into a rich red at the top.

Kat put her coffee down and pulled the box from the shelf, grimacing at the dust that came off it. She found herself smiling at the writing on the top which tried to pin down the origin of the contents - - all the suggestions had been crossed out by the writer of the one that followed it, starting with MEXICO then BRAZIL, CONGO, EGYPT, INDIA and finally OUTER SPACE followed by several question and exclamation marks.

Intrigued, Kat opened the box. It was perhaps eight inches tall and half full of what appeared to be a thick, reddish green fungus. There were two large spheres resting on top of it, connected to the main body of the fungus by thick, fibrous ropes. Despite its appearance, the contents of the box gave off a pleasant scent that brought to mind freshly baked bread.

Kat leaned forward, closing her eyes, and breathed in the scent, smiling as she did so.

A long rope of fungus leapt from the surface of the mass and wrapped around her neck, squeezing tightly. Kat's eyes flew open as she grabbed at the tentacle with both hands, trying to gasp for breath as the rope cut off her breathing. Unable to move the rope from her throat, Kat felt herself growing weaker and staggered into the table, her mug of coffee falling off and shattering on the floor.

"Denholm?" Mia called, appearing at the head of the corridor of shelves Kat was working in. "Jesus! What the hell?" she cried as she caught sight of the rope wrapped around Kat's neck. She ran over and held her assistant up, trying to pull the fungus off her. Another thick coil grew from the fungus in the box and shot out, wrapping itself around Mia's neck and squeezing tightly.

She tried to take a breath, her fingers scrabbling at the dark green rope that dug into her neck. The two women stared wide eyed at each other, both of them still trying to get the ropes from around their necks. They became even more scared as they watched the two spheres rise up from the box, the thick coils connecting them to the fungus moving the balls forward until they hovered in front of their faces.

At the same instant the coils relaxed their grip, the balls split apart and a cloud of spores puffed out. Mia and Kat breathed them in as they gasped for breath, taking in huge lungfuls of air and the dry, tiny spores that the fungus like substance blew at them.

They coughed and gasped, looking at each other once more just as they slipped into unconsciousness, falling senseless to the floor.

* * * * *

Dr McAllister woke slowly, coughing as she did, her throat dry and sore. As she looked up, she noticed her assistant stirring, too, coughing as she did. Around them, long trails of an ash like substance - - all that was left of the fungus ropes - - lay over the floor and feel from their clothes as they stood up. The two balls that had released the spores lay crumpled and empty beside them.

"What - - koff! koff! - - what the fuck - - was that thing, Denholm?" the doctor asked sternly.

"No idea," Kat said before falling into a coughing fit. When she'd finished, she stood up on shaky feet and glanced into the box that she'd brought down from the shelf. It was empty apart from the same light covering of ash that the fungus ropes had become. She put her hand to her mouth and coughed again, before turning and helping the doctor to her feet. "How do you feel?"

The doctor coughed again and spat on the floor, trying to clear her throat.

"How do you think?" she growled. "Like I was - - koff! koff! - - like I was almost fucking strangled." She snatched her hand away from Kat and glared at her assistant before looking at her watch. "Fuck, it's nearly six in the evening. We've been out for about nine hours." She brushed the ash from her clothes, heading for the door as she did. "I'm not staying here any longer." As she reached the door, she looked back at Kat. "I'll see you in the morning. Early."

Kat rubbed at her own throat as Dr McAllister slammed the door behind her. She looked down at the box, the ash and the remains of the spheres and wondered if she should report it to anybody.

"Fuck it," she said, heading out the door.

* * * * *

Kat slept fitfully that night, her dreams filled with images of the fungus in the box, the thick rope that had coiled around her neck, and of Dr McAllister. In her dreams, things happened differently - - it hadn't been a rope that had appeared from the box but a large, tentacle like cock that she'd eagerly accepted into her mouth, the doctor sucking on another one. More and more grew from the box until Kat and Mia were both surrounded by large, prehensile cocks that they kissed, licked and stroked.

As their clothes simply disappeared, the two women were fucked in every hole by the fungus cocks as they made out with each other, Kat and Mia exploring each others' bodies, the whole scene unfolding like some weird porn movie. Kat watched as if from the side as the tentacles slid in and out of their pussies, mouths and asses, even laying between their tits though they were unable to tit-fuck the small mounds.

Over and over it went, Kat vaguely aware of tossing and turning in her bed as her mind played back a pornographic version of what had been a terrifying ordeal. In her dream, the two spheres rose from the box as they had in real life but when they opened, a flood of warm slime poured out, way more than the small balls could ever hold in reality. It spilled from them, running over Kat's and Mia's bodies, covering them from head to foot.

While Kat watched from her odd viewpoint, the slime built up, never draining away, the room filling up quickly as the doctor and Kat continued kissing each other and stroking the big tentacle cocks that bobbed and weaved around them. Within minutes, the creamy white slime had reached their necks, then lapped up and over their heads though they never once stopped making out. Eventually, the pair of them were covered by the slime, Kat's dream fading to darkness.

* * * * *

Sunlight poured in through her window - - not the weak light of early morning when she would normally get up and get ready for work , but the strong, full daylight of noon.

"Shit," she cursed, opening her eyes, realising she was late for work. She sat up - - and stopped in shock.

Two large, perfectly round tits sat high and proud on her chest, obscenely stretching the T-shirt she'd worn to bed the night before. Slowly, she reached up and cupped them, feeling their weight, noticing her normally unresponsive nipples hardening almost instantly, unable to prevent a moan of pleasure escaping her mouth. Just that smallest gesture, the slightest squeeze, felt incredibly good.

"What the fuck?" she whispered, noticing her arms and hands were slimmer. She got out of bed - - staggering slightly at the unaccustomed weight on her chest - - and headed to her wardrobe, standing before the full length mirror. Kat pulled her T-shirt off and looked at herself, totally naked.

Her waist was tiny, her hips full but trim, her ass almost as big and round as her tits which, quite simply, were huge. Her face had slimmed down, too, though she was still recognisably herself even with her slightly thicker lips and, she was pleased to note, her hair was still dyed a bright, electric blue.

Kat held her tits again, feeling the same flood of pleasure run through her body, making her pussy moisten. She'd never been one for shaving her pubic hair, though she'd trimmed it occasionally, but now she stared at her bald, shaven pussy lips which were capped with just a neat landing strip on top.

Not only had she lost a hell of a lot of weight overnight, but her body had been reshaped into what she could only think off as the archetypal porn star body. The year before, an ex-boyfriend had tried to get her to watch porn but his obsession with a woman called Amy Anderson or something similar had ended that endeavour. Now, though, Kat had to admit she looked like nothing more than that bubble butted, big titted pornstar.

She realised she was still fondling her own huge tits as she stared at her reflection, her pussy getting wetter and wetter as she moved her hand down over her newly trim and firm belly towards the neat little patch of hair. Her fingers went further, sliding between the sopping lips of her twat, running them over her clit before she eased them inside.

"Ooooohhhhhhh fuck," she gasped, her pussy clenching instantly as a mini-orgasm rippled through her body. It had always been a struggle for her to cum but now, with this new body, she suspected she'd have no trouble at all. She lifted one of her huge tits up and licked at her own nipple, shuddering at the sensations she felt. Without even thinking about it, she moved her fingers from her pussy and slid them back, pushing one into her asshole even though she'd never done it before. "Ahhhh - - ahhhhh - - oh fuck - - fuck!" she gasped in surprise as she came, the strongest cum of her life coursing through her frame.

Kat stared at her new reflection as she got a hold of herself and straightened up. It didn't take a genius like Dr McAllister to realise the fungus or more likely its spores had done something to her - - and possibly to the doctor as well. She should probably call her to check.

At that moment, her phone rang. She picked it up - - it was Dr McAllister.

"Doctor," she said. "I was just thinking of you."

"I bet you were," Mia said, her voice softer and more seductive than Kat had ever heard her. "Have you noticed any - - changes - - this morning?"

"Oh yes," Kat said, unable to stop herself from cupping her huge tits.

"Mmmmmm, good. Me too," Mia said. "I think you should come over here and we can - - talk about them. Do you think you'd like that? Would you like - - talking - - with me?"

"Oh yes," Kat sighed, picking up on the doctor's meaning.

"Good. Come to my house at 51 Los Toros as soon as you can and we'll - - talk."

Kat ended the call and smiled, her hand still on her tits. It looked like today was going to be full of surprises.

* * * * *

It took Kat longer to get to the doctor's house than she'd first thought - - there were no problems with traffic or the car, it just took her almost half an hour to get dressed. Part of the problem was finding something to fit her new figure - - not only had her tits ballooned making her blouses impossible to wear (she tried on a couple and the buttons simply popped off) and her T-shirts incredibly tight, but her waist had slimmed down and her ass had become rounder meaning none of her jeans fitted. She ended up wearing a short skirt held around her waist with a cord belt that she could tie in place and what had previously been her baggiest T-shirt and which now fit snugly over her huge - - and by necessity - - braless tits.

The other part of the problem was whenever she touched herself as she tried to get dressed, her overly sensitive body sent bolts of pleasure coursing through her, from her pussy and ass up to her brain via her nipples and tits. She had to stop herself on more than one occasion from just tossing the clothes aside, laying on her bed and fucking herself silly.

Eventually she dressed and managed to get out of her apartment without anyone she knew seeing her - - she had no idea how she was going to explain her new appearance to her father, let alone her friends - - got into her car and headed off to the doctor's house.

The Dr McAllister who answered the door was nothing like the doctor who'd snarled and sneered at her the day before. Gone was the slim, Kiera Knightley figure with the flat chest and skinny hips, replaced by a physique that matched Kat's new one perfectly - - while their faces were different, their bodies could have been that of twins. Surgically enhanced pornstar twins, but twins nonetheless.

Kat stared at her boss's new body and felt her breathing quicken, her nipples hardening, her pussy becoming moist. She wanted nothing more than to bury her face in Dr McAllister's pussy, to fill her hands with her tits as she ate her out - - one look at the doctor's eyes and she knew they were thinking the same thing.

"Hello, Kat," Mia said, her voice low and breathy. "I think you'd better come in, don't you?"

She stepped aside, letting Kat enter her house, directing her through to the spacious living room. As she entered, Kat couldn't help notice the doctor had obviously had the same clothing problems she had - - presumably the only thing she'd been able to find that fitted her new, larger frame was the lycra sports vest that clung to her huge, round tits and was stretched to the max, and a pair of lycra cycling shorts that looked as though they'd been sprayed on to her ass and thighs.

"We're definitely going to get some comments at the Academy," Dr McAllister said as she sat next to Kat on the large sofa, the two women facing each other, their tits almost touching as they moved closer.

"That's a fact," Kat said with a smile. She reached out tentatively and stroked the tight, shiny material of Mia's shorts, running a finger up her thigh. Despite her crush on the doctor, she'd never had a sexual experience with another woman and yet here she was, making the first move.

Mia moved her hand over Kat's, squeezing it gently before moving her hand up Kat's arm, gently stroking the swell of her now huge tits.

"I'm thinking we start today with a couple of the male students - - they'll obviously be the easiest to seduce and change." Mia slid her hand over the vast globe of Kat's tits, rubbing at the stiff nipple she found beneath the thin T-shirt. "I know Jennifer Rabaiotti has a thing for girls so she'll be an easy mark, too. Once we get her changed, we'll get the rest of the dykes in the Academy as well."

Kat sighed as she felt Mia pinch her nipple before she frowned at the doctor's words.

"What - - what do you mean?" she asked, sliding her hand between Mia's thighs, rubbing at the hot and obviously moist pussy she found there. "Change them how?"

Mia stopped stroking Kat's tits and looked at her.

"Change them like us, of course. So that the spores can be spread further."

"Why would we do that?" Kat asked, drawing her hand back, noting the change in the doctor's tone of voice.

"I don't understand," the doctor said, almost to herself. "You've obviously been altered to make mating with others easier," she said, looking Kat up and down, "but you don't seem - - " She paused for a moment. "Do you not hear our Lord's voice?"
