 This is filed under Erotic Horror because as it goes along, it'll feature gruesome deaths and violence. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff, along with non-human magical creatures. If none of that is what you're after, don't bother continuing from here.

And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

Kat Denholm sat in her father's library, sipping at the mug of tea he'd made her, occasionally glancing over at him as he sat in the chair opposite her own. He in turn could hardly take his eyes off her. Overnight she'd gone from being a slightly overweight young woman who, if he was honest, was somewhat plain looking to the almost quintessential pornstar. Her ass was big, round and firm and only just covered by the only skirt she owned that still fitted her - - her waist was tiny and only accentuated the size of her new boobs which formed the other half of her new hourglass figure. They were huge and round yet appeared to be firm and sat high on her chest, covered as they were by a tight T-shirt.

If he hadn't seen her just three days before, he would swear she'd had plastic surgery done.

And, as much as he tried to ignore it, he had to admit her new look was turning him on.

"So," he said, partly in an effort to distract himself from his daughter's body. "Tell me what's happened to you and Dr McAllister."

Kat sighed and placed her mug on the small table beside her chair. "Me and Dr McAllister were in the basement of the Academy, cataloguing old specimens. I found a box that contained some sort of fungus with two ball shaped growths on the surface. Some sort of vine or tentacle leapt out of the box and started to strangle me; when Dr McAllister came to help, the same thing happened to her. The two ball shaped things hovered in front of our faces and as the vines let go and we caught our breath, the balls opened and spat out some type of spores which we breathed in before we both passed out."

Kat wrapped her arms around herself as best she could with her new, huge tits in the way, and shuddered, remembering the previous day's events.

"We were unconscious all day and when we woke up, we headed to our homes. Then, about lunch time, I woke up and found myself - - well, like this."

Without thinking, she cupped her big tits to emphasize the change that had come over her and shuddered again, this time in pleasure, her hands on her huge tits making her nipples stiffen immediately, poking against the stretched-thin material of her T-shirt. She felt her pussy heat up and moisten, too, faster than it ever had before. Kat gasped in surprise and delight at the feelings and would have continued touching herself had her father not coughed to get her attention.

"Oh - - oh shit, sorry, Dad," she said, taking her hands away from herself, blushing with embarrassment.

"Go on with your story, darling," he said, subtly rearranging the bulge in the front of his trousers.

"Well - - I figured it had something to do with the fungus so thought Dr McAllister might be affected, too. She rang me, though, as I was about to ring her and asked me to go over to her house. I did and sure enough she looked just like me. We were - - we were about to - - well, I mean,"

"It's okay, darling," her father said, sensing her hesitation. "You can tell me."

"We - - I think we would have - - had sex, but she mentioned something, a name, and when I didn't recognise it, she flipped, grabbed a knife and attacked me. She tripped, though, and fell on it, on to the sofa. All that ash you saw on the sofa? That was blood, Dad."

"Blood that turned to ash?" her father said. "The name she mentioned - - can you remember it?"

"It was something like - - No'nehog - - No'nehogtath? She also called him the Lord of the Fungus." She watched her father stand and head towards the free standing bookshelves, scanning the books that covered them. "Does that mean anything to you, Dad?"

Her father didn't answer but just scoured the shelves, pulling out a book and flipping through it for a moment before putting it back, repeating it with another and another. Eventually he returned to his seat carrying two books, one a modern hardback with a tattered and torn dust jacket, the other an old, leather bound volume with pages of parchment.

"Dad? Did you find anything?" Kat asked.

"The name sounded familiar," her father said, putting the books on the table in front of them and flipping through the pages. "As you know, I studied ancient religions and mythology in university, and my studies took me all over the world. No'nehogtath was worshipped by islanders in the Pacific and, at the turn of the last century, by a group of degenerates who were based not far from here."

He tapped one of the books and Kat moved, sitting on the floor between his chair and the table, letting him lean over her to point things out.

"No'nehogtath was supposedly a minor god in one of the old Pacific pantheons, minor but still powerful. It was said he would possess women by means of his spores and alter their bodies, turning them into the Brides of the Fungus."

He pointed to a reproduction of a wood carving that showed half a dozen crudely drawn women surrounding a large, vegetable mass. Each of the women had inflated breasts and asses and were being penetrated by tubular appendages that grew from the central bulb.

"These Brides would use their bodies to seduce men which No'nehogtath would feed upon, building his power until he could summon his brethren from some other world. Apparently, once infected, the women would be under his power until death." He reached for the other, older book, pointing out another section. "Death could come to them only with the removal of No'nehogtath's seed from within them."

He pointed to another, even cruder drawing, this time showing a woman with an hourglass figure whose stomach had been cut open. A priest stood beside her, holding up something that looked like a large sunflower seed, about the size of his hand.

"Oh god - - I've got one of those things inside me?" Kat asked.

Her father shrugged. "Who knows? Something's obviously happened to you and, from what you said, Dr McAllister. Everything you've said fits with the legends of No'nehogtath. The only difference is that you said Dr McAllister was obviously under the influence of something, supposedly No'nehogtath itself, while you're not." He looked down at her where she sat between his outstretched thighs and stroked her dyed, blue hair. "If we can find out why she was affected and you weren't, we might be able to find a cure for her."

Kat sighed, closing her eyes and leaning back against her father's chair, loving the feel of his hands on her hair. She turned her head slightly, guiding his hand down her cheek and on to her neck, moaning softly as he stroked her skin, his other hand moving over the other side of her face. He moved lower, across her shoulder, his hand sliding under the thin T-shirt she wore, heading down towards the swell of her breast.

"Mmmmm - - feels nice," she sighed, opening her eyes as her father snatched his hands back.

"Oh God - - Kat, I'm sorry - - I don't know what came over me," he gasped, his face going red with embarrassment.

"It's okay, Dad," she said, turning round and kneeling up, her huge tits resting on his thighs. "I - - I don't know why but - - but I didn't want you to stop." She ran her hands up his legs and across his stomach, meeting at his belt buckle which she toyed with. "I still don't want you to stop," she said quietly, staring up at him.

"Kat - - I don't - - I'm not sure we should - - I mean," he stuttered, his gaze moving from her face to her huge tits that were ballooning out of the neckline of her T-shirt.

"You like my new big titties, don't you Daddy?" Kat asked suddenly. "I can tell you do. You can't keep your eyes off them, can you Daddy?" She popped open his belt buckle and started opening his trousers. "Would you like to see them? Would you like to touch them?"

"Oh Kat - - no, we - - we can't - - you're my daughter,"

"So what, Daddy?" She opened his trousers and ran her hand across the obvious bulge of his large, hard cock. "I can see you want me. Can't you tell I want you too?"

"It's the fungus - - it's affecting your mind - - your desires," he gasped, watching as she pulled his boxer shorts down over his boner.

"Maybe it is, Daddy," Kat said, leaning down and running her tongue along the length of his big dick, giggling as she felt it buck beneath her. "But that's my excuse. What's yours for having such a big hard-on?" She lifted it up and took the head of her father's dick in her mouth, sucking at it, the rosy cock knob spurting out pre-cum which she slurped down.

"Oh God - - I'm only - - human," he gasped, reaching down and filling his hands with her huge tits as she bobbed her head up and down on his cock. They felt firm and pliable as he squeezed and groped at them, tearing open her thin T-shirt at the neck so he could get both hands on her mounds of tit-flesh. "So big - - so fucking big," he groaned.

Kat sat up and tore off the remains of her T-shirt, took hold of her huge tits and wrapped them around her father's cock. Instantly he started moving his hips, sliding his big dick between her jugs, tit fucking his daughter as she held her massive mounds together, enveloping his length in her cleavage.

"Oh yes - - oh yes," he sighed, watching his dick appear and disappear from between her tits. "Always - - always wanted to do this - - never - - never able to - - before."

In the back of her mind, Kat knew he was talking about her mother who had been as flat chested as she had been before the fungus and who had died when Kat was a teenager.

"Now you can, Daddy," Kat sighed. "Now you can fuck my titties whenever you like."

Her father groaned as he thrust his cock up and down between her huge, round melons, loving the warmth and smoothness of her new tits against his dick.

"Do you want to fuck me, Daddy?" Kat asked. "Do you want to fuck your daughter's tight little pussy?"

Without waiting for an answer, Kat stood, laughing as her father moaned in disappointment as his dick fell free of her tits. She pulled her skirt up around her waist and straddled her father in his chair, reaching down and taking hold of his cock. She held it upright and slid her bald, wet pussy lips over his knob before slotting into the entrance of her twat. Slowly, watching her father watching her cunt, she moved lower, his knob parting her juicy cunt lips as she eased herself down over him.

"Ohhhhhh fuck," he sighed, reaching up and taking hold of her huge tits again. "Oh God - - we shouldn't - - we shouldn't be doing this," he said, making no attempt to stop.

"But we're - - uuhhnnnnn - - we're going to - - over and over again," Kat gasped, grinding her pussy against the root of his cock as she took his whole length, a mini orgasm running through her body. "Uuuuhhh - - fuck that's good," she sighed, sliding her cunt up and down his cock.

"Fuck - - fuck, baby - - ahhhhh yeah," her father groaned, sucking, pawing and groping at her huge mounds of tit flesh. "Take it - - take Daddy's cock."

"You - - like it now - - don't you Daddy?" she panted, bouncing up and down on his prick, her cunt walls gripping his long, thick length as it plunged deep inside her. "I like it - - I love it - - gonna cum, Daddy - - ahhhhhh - - fuck me - - fuck my pussy, Daddy!" Kat shouted, feeling her orgasm build and build until it crashed over her, waves of pleasure rushing through her body, her pussy gripping his cock while her juices flooded around his dick. "Cumming - - fucking cumming!" she cried, the strongest, biggest and most easily achieved orgasm of her life resulting from the combination of her changed body and the fact that she had her father's cock inside her.

"Oh God - - baby - - Kat - - gonna cum too!" her father groaned.

"Do it, Daddy," Kat groaned. "Cum for me!"

"Can I - - can I - - cum on - -?" he asked, strangely too embarrassed to complete his request despite their situation.

"Where, Daddy? Where do you want to cum?" Kat asked, still sliding her pussy along his cock. She grinned as his eyes locked on to her tits. "You wanna - - uhhhhnnn - - you wanna cum - - on my big titties?" she asked him. He nodded shyly.

In seconds, Kat had slipped off him and lay on the floor cupping her huge tits, squashing them together as her father knelt over her, his prick in his hand. He groaned and the first of many spurts of jizz shot from his knob head and landed on her tits, splashing in a thick line across her heavy mounds. Another and another poured forth as her father jerked off over her, coating her big jugs in his spunk.

"Yeah, that's it, Daddy - - cum all over me," she sighed, running her fingers through the sticky white fluid he poured over her. Without thinking, she lifted her fingers to her mouth and licked them clean, loving the taste, something she had always disliked before.

Her father staggered to one side, collapsing on to the floor beside her.

"Kat - - Kat, I'm so sorry," her father said. "I shouldn't have done that."

"Oh hush, Daddy," Kat laughed. "You know we're going to do it again - - and we're both going to enjoy it again."

"But - - but you're my daughter," he said.

"And you're my father and that's what makes it so hot." She reached out and held his half hard cock in her hand, still a little sticky from their combined juices. "You didn't make me do anything I didn't want to, we're both adults, so why not enjoy it?"

"The fungus," he offered weakly.

"Sure, that might have had something to do with it, but who cares? All this really means is we're going to have a lot of fun looking for a cure for Dr McAllister," Kat said, smiling at him.

† † † † †

Dr McAllister stopped her car outside her house and looked at her passenger.

"Would you like to come in, Scott?"

The young man nodded eagerly, still not really believing his luck or his eyes.

He'd been a student at the Wilbraham Academy until the year before, supposedly studying English and art but everyone knew he was there for his prowess at football and nothing else. Tall, good looking with a football player's physique, he'd also been a hit with the ladies, and not just the cheerleaders. Rumours had been rife around the Academy about him bedding fellow students and even some of the faculty.

Scott watched Dr McAllister step out of the car, her short skirt riding high up her smooth thighs, clinging enticingly to her firm, round ass, and grinned. He'd just been bumming around the mall that afternoon, wondering how to fill his day when he'd caught sight of the new and improved doctor. She'd always been a looker when he was at the Academy but now, with her huge, round tits, tiny waist and firm bubble butt, she looked like she belonged on a porno film set rather than a laboratory. Never having lacked confidence, Scott had quickly approached her and turned on the charm, convincing himself that she'd been easily seduced by his looks and smooth talking. No more than ten minutes after meeting, he'd been in her car,heading to her apartment.

"Come on in," she said, walking inside, Scott following. They went through to the living room and she stood in the centre of the room, hands on her hips, her big melons thrust forward, her T-shirt stretched tight across them. Scott moved towards her but she pointed to the sofa and he sat, noticing what looked like a large patch of ash.

"You spill something, doc?" He asked.

"Never mind that," she said. She started to sway gently, moving to some rhythm in her head, her hands running up her sides and cupping her large tits, smiling at him all the while. "You just relax and watch me."

Scott had no problem with that plan, spreading his legs and openly rubbing his crotch as the doctor continued dancing to the tune only she could hear.

Mia rolled her hips and rubbed at her huge tits, pinching her nipples through the thin material of her T-shirt. She licked her lips slowly, her tongue leaving them shining, as one hand moved under her shirt, pushing the cotton up, revealing her trim, flat stomach. Her hand moved higher, showing the round undersides of her big tits, confirming Scott's suspicion that she was braless.

"You like?" She asked him.

"Hell yeah," he said, his good looks sullied a little by the simple minded, lustful expression on his face. "Show me them big, new titties of yours, doc," he said, still rubbing at his dick through his jeans.

Dr McAllister grabbed the bottom of her T-shirt with both hands and slowly began lifting it up and over her huge tits, whipping it off once her mounds were revealed, grabbing hold of her jugs. She gasped and moaned as she played with herself, the pleasure coursing through her body. Prior to her change, she'd been flat-chested and her nipples had offered her no enjoyment at all. Now though, she could feel mini orgasms rippling through herself, waves of heat running from her tits to her by now sopping wet pussy and even to her asshole.

She undid the clasp on her skirt and let it fall to the floor, leaving her naked in front of her former student.

"Fuck yeah, doc," Scott said. "Come on over here and let me get a hold of you."

Mia smiled and took the couple of steps to the sofa, climbing on top of him, groaning as he reached for her huge jugs, clamping his lips over one nipple and sucking and biting for a moment before switching to the other.

"Mmmmmm fucking love your big tits," he mumbled, swapping from one to the other.

Mia reached down and undid his jeans, eager to get at his dick. She unzipped them and reached into his boxers - - and frowned.

"Yeah, that's it, doc," Scott said obliviously. "Work that big dick."

Mia pulled his shorts up as she rolled off him, ignoring his moan of disappointment, and stared at the contents of his underwear. Scott, the handsome, muscular football player that had fucked dozens of fellow students and supposedly two or three teachers, had the smallest dick she'd ever seen. Three, maybe four inches if she was being generous. She'd had a boyfriend with a similar sized dick in the past but at least he had made up for it in girth - - Scott's little friend was skinny as well as not being long.

"What? You never seen one that big?" He asked her, reaching for her tits again. He was clearly deluded.

"That thing," she said, "is never going to be enough for me."

"What the fuck are you talking about? I've never had any complaints in the past."

"Then all your past lovers were either kind or stupid," Mia said as she stood up.

"Now wait just a god damn fucking minute," Scott said, standing up and grabbing her arm. "You brought me here to fuck and that's what we're gonna do, doc."

Mia lashed out, her fingers straight, punching them into his throat, just below his Adam's apple, dropping him instantly to the sofa, gasping for breath, his eyes wide in shock. Still naked, she walked out of the room and returned a moment later with the same knife she'd threatened Kat with. She straddled him again, batting his hands away as he tried to stop her raising the knife and plunging it into his chest. He gasped and cried out as blood poured from the jagged wound and ran over his stomach, seeping through his shirt. In shock, he couldn't stop her doing it again and again, bloody holes appearing in his skin as Dr McAllister stabbed him over and over, deep red blood splashing over her nakedness.

Finally, she moved off him and stood staring at his corpse, blood pooling beneath him on the sofa. She frowned again as she looked at his crotch - - hanging lifeless between his legs was the still half hard cock of a stallion, not the tiny thing she'd seen and been disappointed with.

As she looked up, she saw a grey/green mold begin to appear at the edges of the pool of blood, absorbing the liquid and spreading over the sofa to the body. It grew faster and faster over Scott's corpse, covering his skin and his clothes until his entire body was a mass of fungal growth.
