 This is filed under Erotic Horror because as it goes along, it'll feature gruesome deaths and violence. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff, along with non-human magical creatures. If none of that is what you're after, don't bother continuing from here.

And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

Kat woke the next morning, alone in her father's bed. Despite his weak protests, Kat had insisted on spending the night with him and it hadn't taken long to persuade him to fuck her one more before they slept. He still professed regret as they lay together, getting their breath back, but Kat could tell he had no intention of stopping.

Now, waking up on her own, she wondered if she'd misjudged him and that he was sat down stairs, wracked with guilt.

"Dad?" she called, slipping out from beneath the covers, completely naked, her huge tits sitting high and round on her chest, her big, firm ass jiggling slightly.

"In here," he called from the en suite bathroom. She walked over, stepped inside and stopped in shock as she saw her father staring at himself in the full length mirror.

Kurt Denholm was in his late 50's but had always kept himself in shape, with only a slight middle aged paunch and his mostly grey hair to give away his real age. Now, though, he'd undergone a change almost as radical as Kat's own. He'd filled out with hard, solid muscle, his belly tightening up into a set of washboard abs. His hair was jet black once more, the few lines on his face having melted and smoothed away, leaving him looking like he was in his mid 20's rather than his late 50's.

Kat's eyes grew wide as she looked at the monster cock that hung long and thick in front of his huge balls. His dick had been large the night before but his new tool was larger soft than his previous one had been when hard.

"Wow," she said with a grin, stepping closer. "I'm liking the upgrade, Dad."

Her father grinned at her. "It's obvious that whatever happened to you with the fungus has happened to me," he said.

Kat paused, a worried look on her face. "Does that mean - - are you going to try - - and kill me?"

"No, baby, no," her father said quickly, stepping over and hugging her reassuringly. "Either I already share whatever immunity to No'nehogtath that you have or you've passed it one. Like you, my body's changed but that's it."

Kat reached down and cupped her father's huge cock, hefting it in her hand, smiling as she felt it thicken and harden at her touch, stiffening as she ran her fingers up and down it. In seconds it stood upright, pulsing in her hand, leaking thick, clear pre-cum that she smeared along the shaft.

"Oh wow, Daddy," she sighed. "You're really, really big now."

Kurt cupped her chin and tilted her head back, leaning down and kissing her deeply, his hands moving to her huge tits, groping and gently squeezing her huge melons.

"God, I want to fuck you," he growled.

"Mmmm, not worried about it being incest any more, Daddy?" Kat asked him, loving the feel of his hands roaming over her tits. "Not worried about it being the influence of the fungus?"

"I don't care what it is, baby," Kurt said, one hand moving round to her big bubble butt and cupping one of her firm cheeks. "I just want to get my cock inside you. I need to get my cock inside you."

Kat smiled up at him and turned, heading back to the bedroom, pulling him along after her by his dick. She let go when she reached the bed and clambered on to it on her hands and knees, turning to face him, licking her lips as he moved closer. Without a word, she wrapped her lips around her father's thick cock head, purring as she felt him inch deeper, the bulbous knob sliding over her tongue before nudging against the back of her throat. She coughed just once before she felt her throat open up and his big prick slip down into her throat.

Kurt took hold of her head, gripping her dyed blue hair gently and began sawing his prick in and out of her, fucking her face, fucking her throat deep and slow, her spit easing the motion. In the back of her mind, Kat wondered why she wasn't gasping for breath, but most of her simply relaxed and let her father slide his dick balls deep down her throat over and over. He pulled free after a minute, his cock covered in her spit, and grinned at her as she breathed easily.

"That's a hell of a talent you have there, baby," he said.

"It's a new one, Daddy," she said. "I've never done that before."

Kurt looked at his spit-slickened cock. "Turn over," he said. "Lay on your back." Kat did as he said, watching him climb on to the bed and straddle her waist, pushing his dick down to rest in the valley of her tits as she pushed them together.

"Yeah, that's it, Daddy - - fuck my big titties."

Kat used both hands to push her soft, firm pillows together as Kurt slid his huge cock between them, her spit and his almost constant stream of pre-cum lubing her cleavage as he tit-fucked his daughter. Even though her huge tits hid most of his cock, the knob would still pop out on the up thrust, allowing Kat to stick her tongue out, bend her head and lash at it, adding to the spit that ran between her mounds.

"Fuck - - feels so good," he groaned, his dick sliding between her huge tits.

"Sure does, Daddy," Kat agreed, managing to slurp the head of his dick between her lips. She moaned as he moved back, pulling his cock from her cleavage, sliding back down the bed to between her wide-spread legs. "You gonna fuck me now, Daddy?" she asked. "Gonna fuck your baby girl?"

Kurt simply laughed as he aimed his cock at her bald, swollen, juicy pussy lips and eased his thick cock inside her. They both sighed as his cock pushed inside, spreading her twat wider than it ever had been before. Inch after inch slide inside her, her slippery cunt taking his length easily as they stared at each other, until he was finally deep up her pussy, his huge balls resting against her butt.

"Oh God - - oh God, Daddy - - never - - never felt so good," Kat gasped.

"Me neither," Kurt moaned. He took hold of her hips and started moving, back and fore, back and fore, fucking his daughter with long, slow strokes, almost coming all the way out, before sliding all the way back in. He watched her huge, round tits roll gently on her chest even though she had her hands over them, her mounds too large for her to completely control.

"Ahhhh yeah - - fuck me, Daddy - - so fucking good," Kat said.

"I love you, Kat," her father said, still fucking his prick into her with long, steady strokes. "I love fucking you."

"Me too, Daddy," she said. "Will you - - will you fuck me - - a little faster? A little harder?"

Kurt grinned and, as instructed, picked up the pace a little. He held her hips tighter and began moving his own hips up and down faster, clenching his butt cheeks as he thrust deep inside her pussy. He grunted as he crammed his whole cock into her cunt time and again, his big dick bottoming out inside her pussy, making her squeal a little with each thrust.

"Ahh - - ah! Fuck - - fuck yeah - - like that, Daddy - - fuck me like that!" Kat yelled as her father sped up again, stuffing his huge shaft into her pussy hard and fast. Her tight, slippery cunt muscles gripped his shaft as he slid it deep inside her and he glanced down between them, amazed that her petite body - - with the exception of her tits and ass - - could take his new monster cock.

"Oh fuck - - fuck, Kat," he gasped. "I'm never giving this up," he said. "Don't care - - if it's wrong - - nnngghhhhh - - just want - - to fuck you."

"That's - - what I wanna hear, Daddy!" Kat gasped in return. She reached up and put her hand on his stomach, smiling at the feel of his tense abs. "Wait though - - stop - - for a second," she moaned. Once her father had stopped moving, she slid up the bed, his huge knob popping free from her pussy. Before he could complain too much, though, she rolled over, back on to her knees, dropping her shoulders down on to the bed, looking back at him, her ass high in the air.

Kurt grinned as she wiggled her ass from side to side.

"Come fuck me from behind, Daddy," she said.

He clambered up behind her, his cock in hand, and aimed it at the juicy twat before him. He gripped her big ass cheeks in his hands, spreading them as he shoved his whole length deep into her cunt in one thrust.

"Aaaahhhhh fuck - - yes! Fuck me! Fuck me, Daddy!" Kat cried out as her father stuffed his prick inside her hard and fast from the start, his hips slamming against her butt, his cock going balls deep time and again. "Oh Jesus - - oh fuck - - ahhhhhhh - - cumming! Fucking - - cumming!"

Kat's whole body shook as her orgasm overtook her, rippling through her body as her father fucked her with big, pile driving thrusts. Waves of pleasure crashed through her system, her pussy clamping down on his cock, squeezing it tight as she came.

"Oh God - - fuck me! Fuck me!" she cried, her words turning to moans and gasps as her father continued pounding his prick into her, prolonging her orgasm until she finally pulled forward, off his cock, gasping for breath.

Kat looked up at her father as she rolled over on to her back again. He knelt beside her, his hand running up his big, slippery cock, the flared knob swollen and angry looking.

"You - - you wanna - - cum all over me again, Daddy?" Kat asked, cupping her huge tits and pushing them together, making a target of them for him.

Kurt didn't answer but simply sped up his hand, pointing his prick at her round mounds of tit-flesh and, with a single grunt, started spurting out great wads of jism. Thick, gushing streams of spunk flew from his cock tip, erupting over her tits and face, laying in creamy lines across his daughter's gorgeous features and heaving jugs. He gasped as he exploded a massive amount of cum over her, wondering briefly if he was ever going to stop until, eventually, the flow lessened and finally stopped.

"Fuck - - fuck that's - - a lot of cum," Kat laughed, scooping it up and sucking it off her fingers. "Mmmmm, tasty," she sighed. She looked up at her father. "I'm gonna want a whole lot more of this, Daddy," she said, leaning forward and sucking on the head of his slowly softening cock. "That okay with you?"

"Definitely," he said.

† † † † †

An hour later, they stood in Kurt's library, reading through the books he'd found the day before, desperate to understand why Dr McAllister had apparently succumbed to the old god No'nehogtath but Kat had been unaffected - - other than the physical and libidinous changes, of course.

"There's nothing obvious I can see," Kat said as she flicked back and forth from one page to another. She sat wearing one of her father's white shirts, the tails just about covering her ass and pussy, the buttons straining to hold in her huge tits.

"No, nor I," Kurt said, wandering among the shelves wearing just a pair of sweat pants. "Everything just points to an infected woman becoming one of the Brides of the Fungus. Nothing explains why you're not one of them." He looked over at her and smiled. "Though I'm really glad you're not, Kat."

"Me too, Dad, me too," Kat said.

"Well for now, maybe we should just be grateful you're not enslaved by that thing and work out how to cure Dr McAllister."

Kat looked up from her book. "Didn't you say yesterday the women were under No'nehogtath's power until they died? And the only way to kill them was to remove that seed thing they had inside them?"

"That's what the books said but remember," her father said, stepping over to her, "one book was written decades ago, the other a couple of hundred years ago. There might be a way, with modern surgical techniques, to remove the seed without killing her."

"I hope so," Kat said. "Trouble is, she's not going to want to do that willingly. She's under the old god's power so we're basically going to have to kidnap her, take her to a surgeon and get him to remove the seed. How are we going to do that?"

Kurt sat down next to her and hugged her.

"I'm not sure, baby. We'll have to think of something." 

† † † † †

Dr Mia McAllister closed the door to her guest bedroom with a smile and headed down the stairs to wait for her caller. She'd rung in to the Wilbraham Academy that morning claiming sickness and asked for a particular student of hers to bring round some paperwork that she could catch up on so that her day off wouldn't be entirely wasted.

She pulled the already low neck line of her halter top a little lower, exposing more of her deep cleavage and the inner slopes of her big tits before pushing her tiny skirt a little lower on her hips so that the waistband of her G-string was more visible. Satisfied with the results, she stood in her living room and waited.

It wasn't long before her doorbell rang. She moved to the front door and stood behind and to the side of it so that her caller couldn't see her apart from her head as she looked around it when she opened it.

"Hi doc. Miss Hartfeld asked me to bring you these."

Dr McAllister smiled at her student, Jennifer Rabaiotti who stood on her doorstep holding out a stack of folders. She was a short girl, slim, with short dark hair and a Mediterranean complexion. And - - so the rumours around the Academy had it - - she was totally into girls.

"Excellent," Dr McAllister said. "Please, come in for a moment and put them inside."

"Okay," Jennifer said, rolling her eyes, clearly not happy about the idea. She stepped in and turned as the doctor closed the door behind her. "So where do you Jesus doc! What the fuck?" she almost yelled as she turned and saw the changes that had happened to her teacher. "You've had some serious work done!"

"Do you like my new look?" Mia asked, walking forward slowly, swinging her hips, running her finger around the low neck line of her top.

"Not really," Jennifer said, screwing up her face as she looked her teacher up and down.

"But - - but I heard you - - you liked girls?" Mia asked, bewildered.

"Yeah, I do, but not - - " she waved her hand at the doctor, " - - not porno princesses with their fake tits and big asses. I like real girls."

Dr McAllister stood still, a frown on her face. "Hmmm, that's not what I was expecting," she said. "Plan B it is, then."

She reached out suddenly and grabbed Jennifer's arm, pulling her close, making her drop the folders she was holding. Jennifer squealed as the doctor dragged her towards the base of the stairs and started pulling her up.

"Hey! What the fuck?" Jennifer yelled, trying to pull free.

"Lord, give me strength," Mia said. Unknown to Jennifer, it wasn't just a turn of phrase - - the Lord of the Fungus heard her and in seconds Mia's grip on her student had increased, allowing her to half drag, half carry the poor girl up the stairs and towards the guest bedroom.

"Doc! Let me go, you bitch!" Jennifer said, swiping at her with her free hand though her blows did nothing to slow her down. "Help! Help!" she screamed as Mia opened the bedroom door and threw her inside, closing and locking it after them.

"MMMFFFMFMM! UUPPPPPP MMRRMMFF!"

As shocked and scared as she was, Jennifer couldn't help but look over to the bed where the muffled cries came from. A young man - - she vaguely recognised him as a fellow student at the Wilbraham Academy named Robert or Richard or something - - lay naked on his back on the bed, his hands tied behind him, his ankles tied together, several pieces of duct tape over his mouth. His eyes were wide and he thrashed around as he saw the two women, Jennifer sprawled on the floor, the doctor standing over her.

"Fuck!" Jennifer said. "Look, doc, I don't know what fucking sex game you're into, but count me out, okay? Now let me go, you crazy bitch."

"No, I don't think so," Dr McAllister said, walking over to the other side of the bed and opening the cabinet beside it. "I was hoping to do this the easy way," she said as she withdrew a large knife, Jennifer backing away from her, "but as you're not into this," she indicated her huge tits, tiny waist and firm, big ass, "I guess it's the hard way."

She climbed on to the bed on her knees, following after the naked man as he tried to wriggle away. She reached out and held him still with one hand, raising the knife in the other.

"Rod here couldn't wait to get his hands on me, could you, Rod?" she said as she gripped him by his hair and pulled him half upright. "He thought all his birthdays had come at once when he saw me in the mall this morning."

She plunged the knife deep into his throat time after time, blood pouring from his wounds, raining down his chest and on to the bed. The crimson fluid pooled beneath him and splattered against the doctor's tits, belly and legs as she stabbed him over and over, slicing huge holes in his neck.

Jennifer stood against the wall of the bedroom and screamed, her eyes transfixed on the sight before her. It was a horror movie come to life; it was too real for her to comprehend; it was too much for her to handle. She slumped unconscious to the floor.

Dr McAllister let Rod's lifeless body fall back to the bed and moved off, wiping her bloodied hands on her tiny skirt. As she did, a greyish green mold appeared on the bed, absorbing the blood, transforming it into more of the furry fungus. It travelled up and over Rod's body, quickly covering his entire corpse, turning him into a pile of mold.

Two holes appeared where his eyes had been, deep, dark holes with a green light within.

"You have done well again, my servant," the Lord of the Fungus said, a smile spreading over its face. Its head turned slowly on its ruined neck, its gaze on Jennifer's unconscious form. "Another bride for me?" it asked.

"Yes, my Lord," Mia said. "I thought - - I thought two of us together would increase the amount of men would could bring you."

"Excellent. Bring her closer - - I am still weak."

Mia took hold of her student and pulled her over and up on to the bed, laying her next to the moldy form of No'nehogtath.

Jennifer stirred with the movement, her eyes flickering open. As she saw the grinning, fungal monstrosity looking at her she inhaled a deep breath which was destined to be a scream. At the same time, however, the face of the fungus Lord burst open, a shower of tiny spores spraying into her face and down her lungs.

Jennifer coughed and retched, scrabbling at her throat as she breathed in the dry, bitter seeds. She rolled to her side, eyes bulging, tongue protruding from her mouth, as she heaved and coughed, falling off the mattress and on to the floor.

In moments she was unconscious again, slumped on the carpet, oblivious to the world.

Mia ignored her and climbed on to the bed again, reaching for the soft, mossy remnant of Rod's dick, holding it in her hand.

"My Lord?" she asked. "I didn't have a chance to enjoy this young man as I'd hoped. Nor, for that matter, your new bride. As you said, I belong to you, now, and only you. I - - I long for you, my Lord. I long to be taken by you again."

The remains of Rod's face grinned even wider. "You have done well, my slave," No'nehogtath said. "am pleased with your offerings this day so I shall grant you a reward."

Mia smiled as she felt the thin tube of matter in her hand grow, harden and thicken, becoming a solid tube with a rounded, bulbous knob at the end of it. Without a second thought, still smeared in the blood of her student, she bent down and swallowed as much of the fungal cock as she could. She forced herself to cram the thick length to the back of her throat, gagging on it for a moment before she felt it slide down her gullet. Mia stifled her own panic as she realised the thing was still growing inside her, before she realised she could still breathe - - the fungus allowed air through it and into her lungs even as it filled her mouth and throat.
