 This is filed under Erotic Horror because as it goes along, it'll feature gruesome deaths and violence. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff, along with non-human magical creatures. If none of that is what you're after, don't bother continuing from here.

And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

Kurt Denholm sat in his large bed, flicking through the pages of an old book, a look of frustration on his face. Beside him, curled up against his muscular torso, lay his daughter Kat, fingers flicking over the screen of her iPad.

"It's no good," Kurt said. "I can't find anything about a cure for the condition, other than by removing this mysterious seed the accounts talk about. And in every case - that ends in death."

"Not much of a cure, dad," Kat said. "And I hope you're only talking about a cure for Dr McAllister. I'm quite happy with my new look." She reached under the covers and hefted her father's heavy, thick cock. "And I'm very happy with yours as well."

Kurt grinned and dropped the book on to the floor, slipping one arm around her shoulders, the other pushing the covers down, revealing and the cupping her huge tits.

"Couldn't agree more, baby," he said.

"Ah shit," Kat said.

"Not the reaction I was expecting," Kurt said.

"No, not you, dad, this." She pointed at her tablet which showed an article from the website of the Wilbraham Sentinel, the local newspaper. The headline read SIX ACADEMY STUDENTS, ONE DOCTOR MISSING.

"Is the doctor your boss?" Kurt asked.

"Yeah," Kat said. "Dr McAllister hasn't been at the Academy since we were attacked by the fungus last week," she said, paraphrasing the article. "Since then, six students have gone missing, four boys and two girls - shit! Dad, one of the girls who's gone missing, it's Jennifer Rabaiotti, the girl Dr McAllister mentioned to me before she realised I wasn't possessed by that thing that's got her."

"You said she wanted to use that girl to recruit others, other brides for the fungus?"

"Yeah," Kat said. "Dad, it looks like she's really going through with this, trying to get more brides for No'nehogtath. While we've been fucking our brains out for the last week, she's been luring boys to sacrifice to that fungus god."

Kurt pulled her closer. "Not your fault, baby," he said. "We've been looking for a cure for Dr McAllister as well, and if we can find a way to help her without killing her then we will."

"But shouldn't we have spoken to the police or something?"

"You know they wouldn't believe us, Kat," he said. "At the least they'd think we were crazy, at worst they'd lock us up. Probably the latter if they found out we'd been having sex together."

"Yeah, I guess," Kat said. She cuddled up closer to her father's broad chest, her hand lazily stroking his big dick, feeling it slowly harden in her hand. "As much as I want to help Mia and wish this crazy shit hadn't happened, I'm really glad you and I ended up like this. You know, pornstar bodies and sex drives."

"Mmmmm, me too," Kurt said, running his hand over her big, round tits again, feeling her small nipples harden beneath his fingers. As she lifted her head, he bent his down and they kissd, tongues slipping into each other's mouths. She smiled up at him as she broke the kiss, pushed the covers to one side and bent down, stuffing as much of his half hard cock into her mouth as she could.

Kat purred as she sucked and gently chewed on the tough stalk of his meat, her head being forced up as it grew bigger and harder in her mouth. She drooled all over it, spit sliding down the shaft which she used as lube to ease the motion of her hand as she slid it up and down the thickening trunk of his cock.

"Aahhhhhh, fuck yeah," Kurt sighed, bunching his hand in her dyed blue hair, gently guiding her as she bobbed her head up and down. "That's it, baby - suck Daddy's cock."

Had her mouth not been crammed full of his dick, she would have smiled. Only a week ago he'd been racked with guilt after they'd first had sex but since his own transformation in to a muscular, big dicked and slightly younger version of himself, he'd happily thrown all concerns to the wind.

"Yeah, suck my dick - suck Daddy's big dick," he murmured, sliding his free hand over Kat's back and down her side, grabbing a handful of her huge tits that, despite their size, still managed to be firm and sit high on her chest. "Get it nice and wet, baby," he grunted, pushing his hips up, thrusting into the back of her throat.

"AAGGLLLL! KKLLLL! MMMPPPHFLLL!" Kat coughed and gargled as her father's cock pushed beyond her mouth and into her throat, something she never would have been able to take before the fungus had changed her. Now she loved feeling his hard shaft deep inside her, spit dribbling down its length as the big, bulbous head slid in and out of her throat.

Kat reared back, thick lines of spit connecting her lips and his cock head for a moment before they broke, covering her father's dick in saliva. She fisted his hard length for a moment before looking up at him and smiling.

"Your dick's all wet and slippery, Daddy," she said. "You know where I want it?"

"Where, baby?" Kurt asked with a grin.

She rolled on to her back, her head on the pillow, and cupped her huge, round tits, mauling them as she mashed them together.

"Put it between my titties, Daddy," she said, spreading her big jugs apart. "Come fuck your daughter's big fucking titties."

Kurt quickly climbed over and straddled her, holding his steel hard cock down so that Kat could wrap her big tits around it, the head just peeping out from her deep cleavage. While his late wife - Kat's mother - had been small breasted, he'd secretly always had a thing for big tits. Since his and Kat's transformations he had eagerly indulged his fetish to the delight of his daughter.

He slid his cock along the valley between her tits, sighing as he felt and watched her lick and suck at the head of his dick as it popped out on his up thrusts, Kat's tongue lashing around it before she clamped her lips around the rosy knob.

"Ahhh yeah - yeah, that's it, baby," Kurt groaned. "Love your tits - Daddy loves your big - fucking - tits."

"Mmmmm - and I - love your - big cock - Daddy," Kat said between sucks.

Kurt reached down and took hold of his daughter's enormous tits, holding them in place as he thrust his cock in and out of her cleavage, titty fucking her with long, slow strokes, just the way they both liked it. His cock bucked as it was wrapped in the fleshy pillows, spurting out thick lines of clear pre-cum that helped lube the motion of his dick and filled the bedroom with the slick sounds of their tit fuck.

"Can I - can I fuck your pussy now, baby?" Kurt asked after a few minutes.

Kat smiled up at him. "You're so polite, Daddy," she said teasingly before glaring up at him, gritting her teeth. "Fuck it, Daddy - fuck your naughty girl's cunt," she growled.

Kurt quickly shuffled back, letting her move her legs when he was out of the way. He took hold of the back of her knees and pushed the back and apart, spreading her sopping wet pussy. Kat reached down and grabbed his cock head, positioning it at the entrance to her twat, groaning in delight as the big knob spread her lips as it eased inside.

"Aaahhhh yeah - fuck me, Daddy - fuck my pussy," she cried as Kurt pushed his cock deeper into her twat. "Do it - hard and fast, Daddy - fuck me hard and fast!"

Kurt thrust his whole length inside her, cramming all of his big shaft deep into his daughter's pussy before withdrawing until just the head remained, then shoved it back in, over and over, fucking her as hard and as fast as he could and she wanted.

"Oh God - love fucking you, baby - love your tight pussy," he gasped as he banged his cock in and out of her cunt, his big balls banging against her round ass with every thrust.

He'd never had such hot, rampant sex as he had in the last week since he and his daughter had started fucking. He and his late wife had made love often but it had always been quiet, usually in the dark and restrained. Whether it was the effects of the fungus or Kat's true nature Kurt didn't know or care but sex with her was like being in a porn film. As much as they loved each other, they didn't make love - they fucked, pure and simple.

"Fuck, Daddy!" Kat cried, looking up at him. "Fuck my cunt - make me cum - make me cum, Daddy."

Kurt doubled his efforts, shoving his cock harder, faster and deeper inside Kat's pussy, his meaty shaft spreading her hot, slippery walls apart, feeling like his cock head was banging into the entrance to her womb.

"Aahhh - ah - fuck yeah - fuck me!" Kat cried, feeling her orgasm building as her father fucked her. "Fuck - gonna - fucking - cum!" she gasped, her pussy clamping down around Kurt's dick as she came, waves of pleasure crashing through her body. Her father continued fucking her as she shook and writhed on the bed, slowing down slightly so she could better enjoy the sensations.

"That good, baby?" he asked with a grin as she panted, looking up at him with a big smile on her face.

"Oh yeah, Daddy," she sighed. "Daddy?" she asked quietly, pushing his firm abs back, making him withdraw his prick. "There's something I want to do that we haven't done yet."

"What's that, baby?" he asked, watching as she turned round on to her knees, dropping her head down to the bed, her huge tits squashing out beneath her.

She reached back and spread her ass cheeks wide, exposing her tight, wrinkled asshole to his gaze.

"I want you to fuck my ass, Daddy," she said. "I know you like getting your fingers in there, but I think it's time I had your cock up my butt."

"Oh baby - baby are you sure?" Kurt asked, torn between lust and concern.

"Do it, Daddy," Kat said. "Stick that big cock of yours up my ass."

Kurt took hold of his cock and shuffled forward, aiming it at his daughter's tiny, crinkled butt hole, pushing the flared head against it. His knob flattened against her asshole for a moment as they both held their breath before Kat relaxed enough, her ass opened a little and his cock popped inside.

"Uunnnngghhh, fuck - yeah," Kat sighed as he father slowly pushed another couple of inches into her butt. "Ah - ah - ahhhh - that's it - that's what I want," she groaned as her father's cock worked in and out of her ass, going a little deeper each time.

"Fuck, baby," Kurt sighed, staring down at the sight of his prick sliding in and out of her butt. "Your ass is so fucking tight."

"That's because - your cock's so big," Kat gasped, starting to rock back against him, helping him cram more and more of his giant prick into her butt. "Oh fuck - fuck that's so good," she moaned, still holding her ass cheeks apart as her father stuffed his dick into her behind. "You like that? You like my ass, Daddy?"

"Jesus, yes," Kurt laughed, picking up the pace. "Love fucking - my daughter's tight - hot - fucking asshole."

"Take it, Daddy!" Kat cried. "Fuck my ass! Fuck my horny ass!"

Kurt grunted as he shoved his cock into Kat's asshole over and over, stuffing his whole length deep into her ass, fucking her harder and faster, just how she liked it.

"Fuck!" he gasped, pounding his daughter's tight butthole. "Gonna cum!"

"Let me taste it, Daddy!" Kat cried as he whipped his big dick from her butt. "Lemme taste your cum!"

Kurt shuffled round to her head, his hand stroking his cock, as Kat rolled over on to her side and eagerly wrapped her lips round his knob, taking his dick deep into her mouth. Her father groaned, a long drawn out moan, then shook, his prick swelling in her mouth as it unleashed a torrent of jism. The first thick stream went straight down her throat but before she could swallow the second, the third filled her mouth to overflowing. She coughed and moved back, spunk spilling from her lips to fall down her cheek and chin, before her father's prick spat out more and more cum, coating her face, laying in thick, unbroken lines across her gorgeous features. He groaned as his balls clenched, his dick lurched and more spunk than he'd ever shot poured out and over his daughter's face.

"Cum for me, Daddy," Kat sighed, scooping up as much of his jizz as she could, shovelling it into her mouth to swallow it down. "Mmmm, so good - so tasty," she purred.

Kurt watched as his daughter cleaned her face of his cum, not missing a drop, smiling up at him as she did it.

They were interrupted by the sound of her cell phone ringing - he expected her to ignore it but she frowned.

"That's Dr McAllister's ring tone," she said before rolling off the bed and scrambling through her clothes, trying to find where she'd dropped her phone the night before. Once she had it, she pressed the screen, switching the speaker phone on. "Dr McAllister?" she asked.

"Ah, Katherine. So good to hear your voice again," the doctor said. "I hope you're well and the changes the fungus wrought have allowed you to - enjoy yourself."

"I'm fine," Kat said. "I could do with fewer crazy bitches trying to stab me," she said.

"Oh I do apologise about that," Dr McAllister said. "I was just getting used to my own changes, you understand? And as I recall, it was me who ended up with the knife wound, not you."

Kat and her father remained silent for a moment.

"What do you want?" Kat asked eventually.

"I'd like to meet with you. To talk about what's happened. I'm sure you're as curious as me, so I thought it might be best to share whatever we've found out."

"I've found out some students are missing and you haven't been to the Academy," Kat said. "You want to talk about that?"

"Not really," Dr McAllister said, sounding bored. "I want to talk about why I hear my Lord and you don't. We can meet in a public place, if you like, so you won't feel threatened. Somewhere open with lots of people. What do you say?"

"Okay," Kat said. "Century Park, near the northern end of the lake. At noon."

"Very well," the doctor said. "I'll be alone so there's no need to worry." And with that, she hung up.

"You think it's a trap?" Kurt asked her daughter.

"I don't know. But I'd like you to come with me."

"Of course." Kurt ran his fingers across her cheek, smearing some of his cum towards her mouth. "You might want to shower first, though," he said.

† † † † †

Kat sat on a bench near the north end of Century Park as she'd arranged with Dr McAllister and watched the people go by. In the week since her transformation she'd managed to find time to buy new clothes that better fit her new shape. Her jeans were tight up her legs and clung to the round cheeks of her butt while her shirt, despite being a large size, was still stretched across her huge tits, the top few buttons undone and exposing the start of her deep cleavage and the round swells of the tops of her mounds.

It was no wonder she received plenty of admiring looks from the young - and old - men who wandered by, not to mention more than a few of the women.

"Katherine. You're looking... Well," Dr Mia McAllister said as she stepped from behind Kat's bench, making her jump.

Despite the doctor's attempt to kill her the last time they met, Kat couldn't help looking at her with more than a little desire. Mia's body was just like her own - all tits and ass - and she clearly revelled in it. Her tight black skirt that stopped at mid thigh - the glimpse of stocking tops - the high heels - the silk blouse that was practically skin tight around her huge tits - the small clutch bag she held in her hands - all combined to give her the appearance of a high class hooker.

Dr McAllister sat on the bench a foot or two away from Kat and smiled over at her.

"So. Here we are," she said.

"You wanted to talk, Dr McAllister," Kat said.

"Yes. Yes, I did." The doctor idly reached up with one hand and toyed with the edge of her blouse, running her fingertips along the edge, grazing them gently against the large swell of her breasts. "We're puzzled, you see. We can't understand why your body has changed but you cannot hear the voice of No'nehogtath." Mia frowned at her. "My Lord has said this has never happened before in all the many centuries he has been here."

"I don't know why either," Kat said. "We both went through the same thing, both got infected by the same spores."

"Hmmmm. You say infected, I say blessed." Mia looked at her former assistant and smiled. "Would you like to try again?" she asked. "My Lord is willing to give you another attempt at receiving his blessing."

"Are you willing to be cured?" Kat asked in return. "We're looking for a way to cure you, some way we can get you back to normal."

Mia reached out and took Kat's hand lightly. "Oh my dear girl, why would I want to go back to being normal? I have more power, more desire now than I ever had in my old life. My Lord gives me the strength I need and the purpose I was lacking. I could never go back to normal."

Kat pulled her hand away and found that she wanted to cry. She'd never been terribly close to Dr McAllister but knowing what she did of the fungus god that had infected her, Kat was saddened to hear her words.

Dr McAllister frowned for a moment.

"Who's we?" Kat shook her head, not understanding. "A second ago you said we were looking for a cure. Who else knows about this?" Before Kat could answer, the doctor's bag chirped. She reached in and withdrew her phone, flicking through the screens before turning back to Kat. "Who's we, Katherine?"

"No one," Kat said.

"Is that so? Not even your father?" Dr McAllister turned her phone round so that Kat could see the screen which showed a picture of a gorgeous young woman holding a pistol to Kurt's head. "Two of my - compatriots found your father watching us a little way off. But you knew he was there, didn't you? After all, we watched you arrive together."

"Don't hurt him, please," Kat begged.

Mia looked at the photo in more detail. "He's looking very well, isn't he? All buff and rugged. It's almost like he's been - transformed, isn't it?" She stared over at Kat. "Did you do something to him? Why does he look fifteen years younger than he did a couple of weeks ago? How have you done that?"

"I - I don't know," Kat said. "The fungus - it must have affected him after we - "

"After you what?" Mia asked before realisation dawned and she could answer her own question. "Oh my god, you fucked your own father, didn't you?" she asked with a smile, Kat's look of embarrassment all the confirmation she needed. "You two had sex and somehow he changed as well. You're both definitely going to come with me."

"What? Where?"

"To meet my Lord. He's going to have so many questions for you."

"Dr McAllister, please - Mia, please, don't hurt my father."

"Oh you poor girl. I don't think you know what's going to happen. We're going to do more than just hurt him and you."

Kat stared at her in horror for a split second before she started to launch herself at her, a snarl of fury pouring from her mouth. At that instant, strands of grey vegetation shot from the ground beneath the bench forming cords that wrapped themselves around her wrists, pulling her hands back down. More of the grey, fibrous ropes wrapped around her legs, pinning them together while yet more slid around and across her body.

Just as she was about to scream, a last, thicker cord lay across her mouth, stifling her cry.

"My Lord is with me at all times," Dr McAllister said as she reached out and stroked Kat's bosom, the terrified younger woman staring at her, struggling against the matted ropes that held her fast. "And he can't wait to meet you properly," she said. They both looked up as a large van drove slowly across the grass of the park towards them, pulling up next to the bench.

