 This is filed under Erotic Horror because as it goes along, it'll feature gruesome deaths and violence. It will, though, heavily feature incest, big tits and big dicks like most of my stuff, along with non-human magical creatures. If none of that is what you're after, don't bother continuing from here.

And, as always, everyone involved is at least 18.

† † † † †

Kat screamed behind her gag as she watched her father shake and convulse against the pole he was tied to as blood poured from the wound in his throat, cascading over his chest. Her former boss, Dr Mia McAllister, still held the knife she'd used to slit his throat as she moved forward and kissed him deeply, forcing her tongue into his mouth as his life slipped away.

Kat struggled against the vines that still held both her arms behind her back and her feet to the floor, while two of Mia's students - - Jennifer and Sarah - - held her on the bale of hay, the three of them watching raptly as Kurt's struggles lessened.

"There now," Mia said as she stepped back. "How does that feel, my Lord?" she asked.

Kurt's eyes flickered open to reveal jet black orbs with just the tiniest pin prick of light deep within them. He smiled, his wide, toothy grin seeming to gleam in the murky afternoon sunshine that the grubby skylight in the barn's roof let in.

"You have done well, my Bride," he said in a deep, rasping voice, so different from his normal one. "This form will serve my needs to move about in this world of yours."

Kat stopped struggling, staring in horror, tears running down her face as she realised what had happened to her father.

"Jennifer, Sarah," Mia said, "come and worship your Lord No'nehogtath in his new form."

The ropes of fibrous fungus that held Kurt Denholm to the pole simply fell away as No'nehogtath, Lord of the Fungus, willed it as he stepped forward, spreading his arms wide. The three women knelt eagerly at his feet - - leaving Kat on the bale of hay, feet still tied to the floor by the same fungal ropes that held her arms - - and smiled up at him. Sarah and Jennifer took hold of his already open trousers and pulled them down, letting him step out of them, while Mia reached up and took hold of his big, spongy cock.

"Make me ready," No'nehogtath growled.

Mia simply moved forward, opening her mouth and letting the swelling knob of his prick slip between her lips. She sucked on it for a moment, pushing forward and allowing the big length to move further inside her mouth, bumping up against the back of her throat until she relaxed and swallowed, taking it deeper still.

"Oh, wow," Sarah said, watching in awe. "That's fucking unbelievable."

No'nehogtath grunted in pleasure as Mia began rocking back and forth, his hardening cock sliding in and out of her throat with every move until the increasing angle of his prick forced her to let it slip from her mouth with a gasp. His huge shaft bobbed in front of the three women, covered in Mia's spit, the flared head almost constantly leaking pre-cum that was not clear, but a bright green.

Jennifer - - a committed lesbian until her transformation the week before - - reached for his cock and stroked it as she licked and sucked on the pulsing head, taking it as far as she could but not being able to match Mia.

"My turn, my turn," Sarah whined.

"There will be plenty for all," No'nehogtath said before he looked across the room to where Kat was still imprisoned. "All of you," he said.

As Sarah and Jennifer took turns feeding each other their Lord's cock, Mia stood and stripped off her tight blouse, revealing the huge, round tits that she - - and the others, including Kat - - had been blessed with following their transformations. Her bra quickly followed her blouse in flying to the floor, along with her skirt, leaving her just in stockings and high heels. She smiled over at her master.

"How would you like me, my Lord?" she asked.

No'nehogtath grinned and pointed to the floor in front of him. "Hands and knees, Queen of my Brides," he said.

Kat watched as Mia dropped to her hands and knees, facing her, smiling over at her former student as the thing inhabiting the body of Kat's dead father crouched behind her, holding his huge cock in one hand, the other gripping her ass cheek.

Mia's eyes closed and she sighed as No'nehogtath's cock slid into her pussy, the thick shaft spreading the walls of her cunt wide. More and more of his massive prick slipped inside her until she was convinced the head of his prick was nudging into her very womb. Slowly he withdrew until just the crown of his cock remained inside, before moving forward and stuffing the rest of his prick into her twat.

"Uuuunmnnngghh - - fuck - - fucking hell," Mia grunted, opening her eyes and looking at Kat. "Ohh - - oh, your father's cock - - mmmmm - - feels so good in my pussy," she said. "No wonder - - you couldn't resist it."

"Fuck you, you bitch!" Kat wanted to scream but all she could do was grunt and moan in anger, the fungus vine across her mouth gagging her words.

Mia glanced to her side as she felt something hit the ground beside her. Jennifer and Sarah had both stripped naked and, too impatient to wait for their Lord to share his blessing, had decided to help each other out. They kissed each other, hands roaming over each other's huge tits, tweaking their nipples as they made out, hands sliding lower, across their taut, flat stomachs, finding each other's pussies and slipping fingers inside.

"Aahhhhhh - - fuck," Mia groaned as No'nehogtath pushed and pulled his cock in and out of her cunt, filling her to the brim with every thrust. Kurt Denholm had been possessed of a big dick beforehand but now, with the spirit of No'nehogtath controlling his body, her Lord had made it even larger.

"You are the Queen of my Brides," he grunted as he fucked her harder and faster, her pussy becoming used to his size, his pre-cum aiding the resizing. "Of all my Brides, you shall be most blessed," he said.

"Uuhhhnnnn - - fuck - - thank - - thank you, my Lord," Mia managed to gasp, her huge tits swinging gently beneath her as his big fuck meat filled her time and again. She could feel her orgasm building, her pussy clenching the shaft of his cock, almost able to feel every bump and vein that ran along its length she was so full. "Oh god - - oh my god - - fuck me - - fuck me!" she babbled knowing full well that was exactly what was happening - - her god was fucking her.

Beside them, Sarah and Jennifer had changed position, Jennifer laying on top of her fellow Bride and facing away from her in a sixty-nine, the pair of them eating each other's pussies.

Kat could do nothing but watch, hating herself for being turned on at the salacious exhibition in front of her, as Mia moaned and cried as she was fucked over and over.

"Oh fuck - - aahhhhhnnnn - - fucking - - cumming!" Mia yelled as No'nehogtath's big dick brought her off, her orgasm crashing through her body as he continued fucking her.

"Receive my blessing," he said, not even out of breath. His cock swelled inside her as he thrust it as deep as he could, the head spurting out a huge amount of thick, slimy cum. She shuddered as she felt it batter into her womb, literally filling her up within the first two spurts.

He pulled back, dragging his still spurting cock out of her tight cunt until it popped free, sending a torrent of green jizm running down her legs and out on to the floor.

Jennifer looked up and whimpered in disappointment. "My Lord - - I'd hoped - - I thought we - - " she said falteringly.

No'nehogtath grinned as he stood up and moved over to her, his huge cock still hard, the head dripping thick, green jizz.

"There will be plenty for all my Brides," he said, "just as I promised." Again he looked over to Kat. "All of my Brides," he said, before crouching down behind Jennifer, his big knob nudging aside Sarah's tongue as he slipped it inside her pussy.

"Oh - - oh fuck - - oh my Lord - - yes!" Jennifer cried as she felt No'nehogtath's big cock head slip past the entrance to her pussy and slide deeper inside. "Uuuuhhnnnnn - - fuck - - so fucking big!" she moaned.

His green jism aided the passage of his prick as it slid into her cunt, stretching her wider than she ever had been before. The bulbous knob plowed ever deeper as well, pushing further into her with every gentle thrust of his hips, the spongy knob seeming to bump into the entrance to her womb. She'd swear she felt it go even further, changing shape and slipping into the very deepest parts of her.

"Oh fuck - - ahahhhhhh - - nnnhggggnngn - -fuuuuuuck!" she groaned as No'nehogtath increased his tempo, fucking her faster, bringing his huge cock almost all the way out before pushing all the way back in.

Beneath her, Sarah lapped as well as she could at Jennifer's clit, her tongue lashing across her pussy and No'nehogtath's cock and huge ball sack. She'd have liked Jennifer to return to eating her twat but with the bird's eye view she had of the fucking she was getting, she wasn't too surprised her fellow Bride was too busy to eat her out.

Mia had stood and, on slightly shaky legs, walked over to Kat, her pussy still dripping green spunk down her legs.

"You know, it's not too late for you to join us," she said, reaching out and stroking Kat's dyed blue hair, frowning as she flinched from the touch. "Accept our Lord and you would be privileged among his Brides, second only to me, a Princess to my Queen." She pulled down the fibrous rope of fungus that acted as a gag.

"Fuck you!" Kat hissed. "We wanted to help you but you killed my father, you fucking bitch!"

"Oh well," Mia said with a little regret. "Can't say I didn't try."

She turned back to the threesome just as Jennifer yelled that she was cumming. As she approached, she saw No'nehogtath sink his shaft as deep as possible into her student's pussy spurting out another torrent of thick green cum, as copious as the one she had received. He continued fucking her as she came before slowly drawing his huge shaft out. Beneath them, Sarah eagerly opened her mouth wide, drinking down the mass of sticky green fluid that ran from Jennifer's gaping pussy and splashed over her face.

No'nehogtath stood and moved around them, kneeling down between Sarah's outstretched legs, pushing Jennifer's half conscious head aside. Taking his still hard cock in his hand, he fed it between the sopping lips of Sarah's cunt, easing the knob inside.

"Aaaggghhhhh - - ahhhhhh fuck, yeah! Yes - - fuck me, my Lord - - fuck me!" Sarah moaned as No'nehogtath began moving his big cock in and out of her cunt, letting her pussy adjust to its size before starting to go deeper. "Oh fuck - - fucking hell - - mmmmm - - so big," she sighed.

No'nehogtath moved Jennifer to one side and grabbed Sarah's huge tits, squeezing them as he fucked her pussy. Mia knelt beside her, kissing her, sliding her tongue deep into her mouth, running her hands over Sarah's tits as their Lord held on to them.

"Oh my god - - fuck me - - fuck my pussy!" Sarah yelled, thrusting her hips up at him as he shoved his huge cock deeper and deeper into her twat. She grunted in surprise and pleasure as she felt the bulbous knob head bump up against the entrance to her womb, going deeper than any man she'd ever had. She squealed as she felt his prick lurch and seem to grow inside her, actually slipping inside her womb with every thrust.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" Mia asked her with a big grin.

"Fucking hell yes!" Sarah managed, her eyes wide, her body shaking as her Lord brought her to the fastest and strongest orgasm she'd ever had.

"Take my blessing," No'nehogtath grunted as his cock head swelled up, spitting out his third load of thick, emerald jizz into Sarah's spasming pussy. Again and again his cock erupted inside her, filling her insides up with the same amount of cum he'd produced the first time he'd fucked Mia.

After a minute or two, he slowly pulled out of Sarah, his jism puddling beneath her firm buttocks as she sighed, relaxing after her cum.

No'nehogtath stood and walked around to Mia who still knelt beside Sarah, crouching behind her firm ass and slipping his still stiff cock into her spunk filled pussy.

"Oh - - oh, my Lord," she said, looking over her shoulder at him. "Again?"

"Oh yes, my Queen," he said with a smile. "Oh yes."

† † † † †

Kat watched No'nehogtath, the Lord of the Fungus, use her father's body to fuck his three Brides over and over again. First Mia, then Jennifer, then Sarah, then Mia again in an endless loop of sex, each time delivering the same massive amount of cum as he triggered a huge orgasm within them.

Soon he was humping them as they were almost unconscious, draping them over the bales of hay and fucking them from behind. Their legs and pussies were covered in the slimy green jizz that never seemed to dry out, the fungus god continually refilling them as they moaned in half-aware pleasure.

The only time he paused was as evening wore on - - he found some oil lamps and lit them, illuminating the barn so he could go back to fucking his Brides one after the other.

Kat could do nothing but watch - - the vines that held her remained tight, restricting her movements. She eventually fell into a half-sleep, worn out by the day's events and the shock of seeing her father killed and possessed.

She woke some time later to the sound of her father quietly calling her name.

She looked up to find him, naked, covered in sweat, hay and dirt, his huge hard-on still sticking out in front of him, dribbling green cum, one of the oil lamps in his hand.

"No, no," she moaned, struggling to get away. "You're not fucking me, you bastard."

"Kat, it's me - - your father," he said.

"What?" she asked. She looked up at him, realising the black orbs that No'nehogtath had for eyes had been replaced by her father's own blue ones. "Daddy?"

"It's me, baby," he said quietly. "I think - - I think I've worn this bastard out." He glanced back at the three Brides who lay almost comatose over the bales of hay. "Though it took some doing. I had to keep him from getting to you for as long as I could."

"What - - what are we going to do?"

Kurt raised the knife that Mia had used to slit his throat and quickly cut her free from her bonds. She stood, rubbing her wrists and ankles, trying to bring some life back to her legs after being sat down for so long.

"Come on," she said, "let's get out of here."

"I can't, Kat," her father said. "I'm sorry - - No'nehogtath's going to come back soon and I - - I won't be able to stop him."

"But Daddy - - we can run, you're okay," Kat said, tears starting to run down her cheeks. "You're okay."

"I'm not, baby," he said, reaching out and stroking her face, running his hand through her dyed blue hair. "I'm so sorry. But you can escape. I can - - I can deal with the Brides," he said, holding up the knife. "And then I can - - deal with No'nehogtath."

"No, Daddy, no, we can find a cure, we can change this, we can get you back for good," Kat said through her tears.

"I'm sorry, baby," he said. "I'm sorry but we can't."

"My Lord?" Mia said sleepily, sitting up on the bale of hay. "Is everything all right?"

Kurt shuddered and his eyes turned black again for an instant before changing back to Kurt's.

"He's coming back, Kat," he hissed. "You need to run!"

"My Lord?" Mia asked again, this time more alert.

Kat thought for a split second before grabbing the oil lamp her father carried and flinging it high into the air. It crashed down just a few feet from where Mia and the other Brides were, flames splashing out across the hay, the barn bursting into flames.

"Run, Kat!" her father shouted, pushing her towards the door before he strode over to the Brides, heading towards the flames.

"Daddy!" Kat screamed, shielding her eyes against the fire that was spreading faster across the whole of the barn. She heard Mia cursing her over the crackle and roar of the inferno, the other Brides screaming at her or in fear, she wasn't sure. Just before she turned and ran for the door, she saw her father launching himself towards the Brides, knife held high.

It was the last time she saw him.

† † † † †

A month later, Kat sat in a motel room, flicking through her iPad, reading the news, checking her feeds, keeping an eye on her alerts.

So far, despite using every search combination she could think of, she'd found no recent mentions of No'nehogtath, students going missing, women's bodies changing overnight or anything that would raise her suspicions.

Neither had she found mention of Dr Mia McAllister.

When the police had combed through the remains of the barn, they'd found the almost cremated body of her father, identifying him from dental records, along with the remains of Jennifer and Sarah.

There had been no mention of Mia.

She'd escaped, Kat knew that - - her father had managed to kill or at least constrain the other two Brides, but Mia, the Queen of the Lord of the Fungus, had somehow got out of that burning barn.

Kat would find her. She'd made a vow at her father's funeral to track her former teacher down but she had no desire to cure her any longer. Now she wanted her dead.

Her iPad pinged as an email arrived for her and with a couple of taps, she opened it.

"Miss Denholm, I heard about your father. Please accept my condolences.

Before he died, he asked me to look into the history and myths of No'nehogtath, telling me to inform him of what I found as soon as possible. He seemed quite insistent about it, which is why I'm writing to you now.

Perhaps we could meet and I can pass on what I've found to you?

Yours,

Professor R. Pickman"

Kat thought for a moment and then hit the reply button.

† † † † †

Elsewhere, in a small diner, the large, sweat covered cook cried out as his wife slapped him across the face.

"What the fuck, Jenny?" he said, though there was no real anger to his words. Despite his size, he knew he couldn't match his much smaller wife.

"I see you looking at that big titted bimbo," she said, pointing over to one of the corner booths. "You been doing nothing else since she walked in here."

"Shit, you know that ain't true," he said, lying through his teeth. He had been staring at the woman in the end booth, amazed that someone who looked like she did - - gorgeous face, big hair, huge, balloon sized tits - - would have found her way to the shitty little diner he ran with his wife. The woman had to be a porn star, just had to be, but he was sure he knew pretty much every face and name of the big fake titted girls that appeared on the internet.

"Like hell it ain't," his wife said, sneering at him in contempt. "God knows you can't keep your eyes off a big rack like hers. Hell, if it hadn't been for you getting me pregnant in high school, you'd never have settled for my little bee stings."

"Come on, Jenny, not that shit again," he whined, all the while knowing she was right on both counts. Even their 18 year old daughter had bigger tits than his wife, though not by much. He loved Leanne's friends coming round, particularly sexy little Ashley - - 18 and with a rack that could put most topless models to shame.

"You disgust me, Jefferson," Jenny sneered. "All you see is a big pair of tits. You're so fucking juvenile." And with that, she stalked off to the other end of the diner, talking loudly with a couple of regulars about what a pig her husband was, not caring that he or anyone else heard.

"I ain't juvenile," he muttered to himself, snatching a glance at the woman with the huge tits in the corner booth. He'd been tied to Jenny since high school - - aside from her, he'd had one or two fumbled hand jobs with the barmaid at the strip club in the city he used to go to before it closed down and that was it. He dreamed, literally dreamed of getting his hands on tits the size of the woman in the booth, but knew it was never going to happen.
