 Sometimes stories take on a life of their own. Such was the case with this tale. Still, the formation of it took a bit longer and it lingered in my head for quite awhile. 

I hope that I have corrected it thoroughly enough to be enjoyable though I fear that only one read since writing it will prove to be a mistake. Just the same, I am ready to move on. So, it is presented as it is, mistakes and all. 

Disclaimer: Those wishing for a heavily sexed story should look elsewhere. I intended this story to be erotic without mention of sex except as a cursory affair. 

*

All his life he had been marked as an oddity. He was only seven years of age when he first found interest in taxidermy, sparking commentary from adults (friends of his parents) that he was a bit off. It was not until he reached the age of ten that his father began to agree with his friends. 

At twelve years of age Roger found interest in his mother's doll collection. And, while his father was determined to interest him in other things, his mother fully indulged him. By the time he was eighteen he had a rather extensive collection of rare and beautiful dolls. 

Despite his "odd" interest in dolls, Roger had also exhibited a rather fond interest in medicine. For this his father was quite relieved. Much money and several years later, Roger Young became a doctor. Only five years after his graduation he found himself working for a firm that specialized in reconstructive and cosmetic surgery. After five more years he moved on to open his own practice. 

It was shortly after graduation from medical school that his father passed. Despite the hostility that he felt towards his father Roger wept openly at his father's funeral. All of his life Roger had been desperate for his approval. Unfortunately, Roger's odd interests, especially in dolls, had placed a huge wedge in his relationship with his father. It was only when Roger entered medical school that he received a modicum of approval from his father. Truth be told, his father would have been less than pleased to know that it was his interest in taxidermy, combined with his obsession with dolls, that had driven him into the medical profession. And so, his father passed, never fully approving of his son. 

It was August when he met Kaitlin. She was a twenty-six year old bank teller at a local bank. When she walked into his office he was smitten - truly. Never before had he met a woman who so stoked his fire as Kaitlin managed. She was five feet tall, petite, muscular and well proportioned. Her golden hair hung, wavy and full, nearly to her waist while framing her face in delicate fashion. Most striking, however, were her full red lips and small upturned nose. 

During the interview Roger vowed that, despite her wants, he would do anything he could to preserve this natural beauty. She had wanted larger breasts and smaller lips. Cringing at the thought of such an alteration Roger fought with his mind to find the words that would convince her of the error of her requests. He was unable. She left his office determined to find another who would do as she wished. 

Three weeks later she was in his office again. "I'm sorry Miss Baum, I will not make any alterations to you" he told her upon her entering his office. A few moments later he found that he was being asked out by the most beautiful woman he had ever seen - a woman fifteen years his junior. 

That night, over dinner, he discovered that she, too, had an obsession to dolls. It was this obsession, she confessed, that had driven her to his office, wishing to be more like her favorite doll, Tina. For the first time, Roger felt that he had found someone, other than his mother, who might not find his obsession strange. Later that night, when he dropped her at her door, she asked if she might kiss him. Six weeks later they married. 

They had been married for nearly a year when Roger lost his mother. His mother had been his only true friend and there was little that Kaitlin could do to console him. Still, she tried, having undergone a similar loss in her parents some years earlier. They cried together that night - he for his loss and she for his pain. 

Nearly a year had gone by since his mother's passing. Roger found himself passing in and out of "blue moods" and unable to concentrate on his patients. And so, rather than continue on in something that for which he had lost passion, he sold his practice for a substantial sum. Later that year he purchased a house in the flatlands of Montana. 

During this time Kaitlin did what she could to comfort Roger. It was difficult for her to watch him grieve but she understood. Shortly after their move he began to show his old face. 

Upon arrival at their new home, Kaitlin was overjoyed. Roger had purchased a house larger than anything she had ever hoped for. And, though their previous home had been spacious, it was nothing like the one in which they now lived. Most exciting to her was the large room that he had set aside to house their doll collection complete with an adjoining workshop where he could make and repair their precious dolls. 

They had been in their new home for nearly six months when Roger began to "get the itch" to begin helping people again. And so they began construction on a small office beside, and attaching to, their home. It was finished and fully stocked within only four months. Kaitlin, seeing her husband get "back in gear", was happier than she could remember ever being. 

They were sitting together, eating dinner. They were speaking of things of today and yesterday, exchanging jokes and anecdotes when she suggested that she might find something to do with her time, " a job perhaps." Roger was irate, standing over his bride screaming at the top of his lungs, anger seething at the suggestion she made. In another moment he had fled, crying, into the doll room. She found him curled up in a ball, weeping. Such was their life for the next few weeks. Any suggestion could send him into a rage that would be followed by an uncontrollable fit of tears. She cried as often as he, fearing that he might be losing his mind. 

It was October. Trees were shedding the remnants of the warmer months in spectacular colors. Kaitlin was staring out the window when she felt a warm hand on her back. A kiss, delicate and soft on her ear turned her attentions to him. He was smiling - apologizing. "I've been somewhere that I need never be...not with you" he told her. "I know that now. I'm sorry." 

November was received with a blanket of snow. Sounds of delight filled his ears as he watched her burst, naked, out the door and into the cold snow. Shaking his head, he snatched a blanket from off of the couch and ran after her, hoping to keep his bride from catching her death in the cold. 

She spun into his arms at her capture, wrapping herself around him. Making love in the snow, he found, was both satisfying and exciting. It also was a perfect way to share a cold. 

It was Christmas day. Sitting in front of their tree and bundled in the clothes of winter was Kaitlin. Along with her present to him, a handmade antique porcelain doll, she had given him a "Get Anything You Want, Free" card. It was presented with a grin and purse of the lips. "I'll use this. Just be prepared for the worst," he told her. 

For his part, he presented her with a similar porcelain doll. Upon looking at it she was stunned. The doll was the spit and image of Kaitlin. For long and long she stared at it, eyes welling with tears. Then, just as he thought to ask her if something was wrong, she flung herself into his arms and smothered him with kisses and whispering words of love in his ears. 

Later, after the thrall of Christmas was in the past and the mess had been cleaned, they put their dolls in the doll room, hers in a glass cabinet that he had made purchased for her doll. "How did you know?" she asked him. Saying nothing, he pulled him to her and made love to her on the floor where they fell. 

For much of the winter they kept very close company. The roads leading to civilized society were muddy and rough and so they were loath to leave their home. In fact, since Roger had stocked the house with every necessity, there was little need to leave their house except for some odd want - like the "Bon-bons" she found herself wanting. 

As spring found it's way into the cool Montana air she found that Roger was becoming pensive. She had begun to worry that he was slipping into a state of depression, as he had before. It was not to be and, in fact, his pensiveness was well justified considering what he was about to share with her. 

They had just finished dinner and were sitting on the couch basking in the warmth of the fireplace. He seemed to be a million miles away. "Penny for your thoughts?" she asked. 

Tilting his head he looked at her. After pursing his lips and thinking for a moment he began to tell her of a secret want that he had always had. It was not a long tale except in the telling. For, he was afraid that she might react to this as his father had reacted to his interests in dolls and taxidermy. Then, he confided in her that the only reason for his interest in medicine was in being able to create his own "dolls" through the surgery that he performed on his patients. And then he asked the question that had been on his mind for the last few days, fearing that she might recoil from him. 

Kaitlin thought for a moment. True, she found his request odd. Still, there were many other people who engaged in far stranger activities, many of which were actually harmful. His request could hardly be considered harmful. And so, Kaitlin agreed to his request, demanding the "Get Anything You Want, Free" card in return for her cooperation in his odd request. Smiling, he complied. 

They were in the spare bedroom. Around her the room was covered in sheets. She was standing on a black pedestal wearing nothing but black buckled shoes. At his request she had shaved her entire body of hair. All that remained was the hair on her head. Her stomach was grumbling, unhappy that she had eaten nothing for the last twenty-four hours. "This is going to take quite a while and I don't want any interruptions. Besides, it might make things messy" he told her. 

At her feet was Roger, kneeling and preparing his "special mix" and making certain that his brushes and spray gun was in order. And then it began. 

His first task was to cover her shoes with tape and newspaper. Once her shoes were covered he began spraying her with the cool substance. The first blast of the cool substance was a shock that gave her goose bumps. However, as he moved from her feet to her legs she found it to be strangely erotic. In short order, using short and swift blasts, he had both of her legs covered with the substance. 

Roger looked up at her, smiling as he slipped a thin piece of highly polished metal between the slit of her sex. As she began to ask what he was doing he began his work again, coating her sex. I want you too look like a doll – but not completely" he smiled at her. 

Then he turned his attention to her posterior. Again, he placed a similar piece of metal between the cheeks of her bottom. Unlike the other piece, this had a small protrusion or knob that slipped inside of her, making her wince. Then, he pulled the piece to the left, prying her cheeks apart, and began spraying her anew. Once he was satisfied that her right buttock had dried he repeated the process with the other cheek. 

She was quite uncomfortable with this, never having had anything enter her this way, but she endured, reminding herself that she loved him and that she would only have to endure this intrusion for a short while. More, she admitted to herself that she enjoyed being painted with whatever it was that he was painting her with. Besides, it was a "Get ANYTHING You Want, Free" card. 

Once he began work on her upper body he had her pushed her hair into a rubber cap. Glad for the cap, she pushed her golden hair under the cap as best she could. 

Two hours later he was complete. He had been meticulous, making certain to lift her breasts slightly so as not to make them stick to her body when they dried. And when he painted her face he gave her special lenses to place over her eyes so they would not be painted shut. Then, he painted each eyelid with a small brush. Her ears, nose and lips, too, were given special attention. 

Once complete he rolled a large mirror in front of her so that she could see herself. She was shiny and appeared to be entirely made of a light blue plastic. Even the white rubber cap over her hair did not detract from the appearance of her being a plastic doll. She shivered at the vision, excited. 

After she had gotten a good look he wheeled the mirror away. As he began cleaning his tools she ran her plastic covered hands over her body, shivering at the feeling. Then she wondered if his request were as strange as her reaction to what he had done. 

"We aren't finished yet, pet" he told her. 

She was curious at what more he could do and what he was now spraying on her. And then she realized that she had to use the bathroom quite badly. 

"I have a catheter for that" he told her. "It will ruin everything if we don't use it" 

Reluctantly, she agreed. This she did not find sensual or exciting in any way. It was uncomfortable and embarrassing being fit with the catheter. Furthermore, she was worried about the sanitary aspects of being fit with a catheter on such an occasion. Still, he was a doctor and he knew what he was doing. And so, minutes later, her bladder was emptied into a small bag and he was resuming his work. 

It was long and tedious. Her feet hurt from the constant standing. Still, she did not move. Fortunately, the second process was much faster. He was more skilled and, apparently, this process required much less time. It was only a half an hour until he was painting her face again, first with the spray gun and then with a brush. And then, after only another half hour he announced that he was finished and she was dry. 

This time, before wheeling the large mirror into her sight, he let her hair down, spraying it with a light mist. Then, he stepped aside and brought the mirror to her. Immediately she shivered, the sight of herself beautiful and surreal. She felt a surge that both frightened and excited her. 

For long and long she stared at the strange image reflected in the mirror. To all outward appearances she was a porcelain figure. Her body, covered as it was, appeared to have no life. Her cheeks, carefully painted, were brightly colored in a lovely shade of pink. The most striking feature, however, were her lips. These he had painted in a crisp crimson that shone in the light. And when her hair was finally let down she appeared as perfect as any doll she had ever seen. 

From the corner of her eye she saw Roger. He had departed the room, while she stared at her image, to return with a silk dress. She said nothing as he pulled the dress over her arms and fastened it to her frame. A moment later she was staring again, wondering at what she had become – a porcelain doll, ready to be encased in glass, never touched – admired always - a piece of art. 

He snapped numerous pictures of her before allowing her free movement again. Truth be told she was somewhat reticent to move, wishing to hold this moment of perfection. Still, her feet were sore and she was quite tired from her long hours of standing stock-still. Reluctantly, she finally stepped from the platform. 

After resting for a bit she found that Roger had prepared her a small meal of fruits with the accompaniment of fine champagne. This was to "celebrate the moment," he told her, "when you became a living piece of art." 

Later, as the sun began its descent from the sky, they removed themselves to the doll room. Again, he snapped numerous pictures of her, telling her how beautiful she looked. Eventually, they removed her fine silk dress and, finding her "new skin" still intact, made love on the floor in front of their collection. 

It was morning when they awoke. Light shone into the doll room from a window in a nearby window. Her "new skin" had degraded and she no longer had the appearance of a doll. Instead, they were sad to see, she looked as if she were suffering the results of sunburn all over her body. Despite that disappointment, they had quite the time removing her "new skin", finding it sensual and arousing. 

Over the next few months they would re-enact this scene several times. From time to time Roger would incorporate a slightly different technique to bring about a more thorough doll-like appearance. One time he even managed to coat her body with a substance that hardened somewhat, bringing about a stunning illusion that captivated them both. It was abandoned rather quickly, however, as her skin reacted to it in a negative fashion. 

She was never happy with the catheter, though she accepted it as a necessary evil. She even grew to find the small intrusion of her rectum, when he separated her buttocks, rather pleasant. She surprised him one night by incorporating it into their lovemaking. Never had they felt so close as they did at this moment. 

One day, as she was thumbing through the pages of a lingerie catalog she spied a silk body stocking. Upon showing it to Roger he was quite enthusiastic and suggested she order several. He had an idea, he told her, for when he next made her into a doll. Six weeks later, the stockings arrived. 

After dinner that night, she modeled one of the stockings for him. She had thought that she might pique his ardor with the stockings. Instead she piqued his curiosity as to how to best use the stockings for his plan - a plan that he kept secret, telling her that he did not want to ruin the surprise. She was a bit disappointed in his reaction, though this sort of thing was to be expected considering his previous comments about the stocking. 

The next few days found him in his study. He had purchase several books on various topics, all of which she ignored. She preferred to reap the benefits of his research to understanding it. 

Finally, after much reading he was ready. He had purchased several items and a few odd smelling concoctions. What he planned for she was unsure of. He would only tell her that, this time, when he turned her into a doll, they would be able to enjoy it much longer than they had before. She grinned, wondering at his plan. 

It was morning. The sky was overcast and rain fell in the distance. Cool air flowed through the house, a welcome relief from the heat of summer. Looking out the window she watched the rain as it swirled. 

A voice, distant and muffled was calling to her. It was Roger. It was time for her transformation his voice was telling her. And so she slipped out of her clothes and headed into the "new skin" room. 

He smiled and kissed her as he handed her the body stocking, instructing her to "Get dressed". She eyed him, mocking his words. The stocking was hardly clothing to "get dressed" in. After slipping on the body stocking she could see that there had been a few adjustments. There were silk seams where there had been none before and it fit quite a bit more snuggly. "I want to get every detail right," he told her. 

Once the body stocking was properly situated on her form she stepped up onto the "doll making platform". As she took her place on the platform she noticed that a few changes had been made to it. A tall post, ending in a neck rest and a neoprene strap, was attached to the back of the platform. Also, there were two shorter posts, ending in flat bars shaped like a "U", extending from near the front of the platform and spaced slightly wide of where her body stood. 

Her questioning look garnered the explanation that this process would be quite different from before. She would probably find it difficult to hold her hands up when he applied his plan and it would be likely that her balance would suffer as well. He knew better than she so she did not argue. 
