 Seven layers of sunrise hit the mountain tops and spilled onto the rolling expanse of dense timberland. Black shadows stretched long and sheltered the remaining vestiges of night. Miles upon acres upon miles stretched the Castagan Forest. Deep in this thick wood tucked into a corner pocket of fur sat the cabin of Artemis Stray. Banished in irreverence, she lived alone, a pariah. She stirred in her hovel. The light of dawn signaled the start of her gathering day. All ingredients must be obtained before nightfall as necessary preparation for when she would be expecting a visitor, though, he wasn't as aware of the imminent encounter as the old witch was herself. 

Far from the trusses of the puritanically bound colonial settlements, Artemis lived her life as free as desired --and had been for quite some time. She lived humbly and quietly, spending much of her time finding food for the winter months and much of her time practicing her craft. Though not entirely malicious in intent...the townspeople had seen enough ritualistic murmurings and black magic insignia to declare her a heretic, a danger, and a witch. In lieu of execution for fear of retribution in the afterlife, Artemis was banished to the deep woods to either die or live in isolation. Fortunately for her --she was prepared for the worst. 

The woman rose from a wicker laced bed, wrapped herself in a swathing cloak, and set off into the pines. Slow trodding steps set her pace. Collecting food or water wasn't the purpose of today's venture. This trip was for supplies. A short list kept in the back of the woman's mind was repeating over and over: seven thickets of wild blackthorne, four drops of morning dew, and five blades tinder-grass. The second was the easiest to find, of course. A small vile was produced from the sleeve of Artemis's old worn robe. Placed directly on the bottom of a new leaf, the vile collected a significant amount of residual water. Continuing onward into the thickly laden brush, Artemis meandered her way towards the esoterically known blackthorne groves. Collecting was tricky work and must be carefully done to avoid the sharp twisting thornes spackled throughout the bushes. Her sinewy aged hands picked meticulously. The day filtered on and the witch moved forward to the last of her list...

Later in the day, and fast approaching the old witch's hut, a lone hunter travelled westward. His dog, Rugo, led the way, sniffing for game. Winter was approaching swiftly, and the stores of meat were low. Not meaning to disappoint his family, or doom them to starvation, the settler marched further and further into the dark forest. Though mid-day had past, and he knew it advisable to turn back now, he needed a reward for his efforts. He couldn't return to his wife and children empty-handed. Trundling onward, the man followed his trusted bloodhound but...the hound was acting stranger than usual. He sniffed erratically and moved frantically. 

"What is it boy?" the man asked his travel companion, curious as to what was rousing the dog's interest. Reliant on the beast's sense of direction to return home safely, the man was at the mercy of where his four legged friend lead him. All of a sudden the dog lifted its head up and stopped in its tracks. The burly man stopped too. Without warning the creature took off with a loud bark. Startled from the unexpected behavior the man called out "Wait!" before hauling himself as fast as he could to follow the animal. After a frenzied pursuit the man came into a clearing amongst the tangled trees and brush. In the clearing was his dog pawing at what appeared to be small cabin --quaint and modest. A chimney produced swirling smoke. It looked welcoming, but he was skeptical. As far as he was aware, nobody was living or even could live in these torrid woods. He was at a loss however. Rugo was pawing and whining at the door. The sun was setting and without his guide to lead him home he had no choice but to enter, find out what was making his dog so anxious, and possibly ask for shelter in the night.

Artemis sat patiently at a wooden table. The creases on her worn face were illuminated further by the firelight. She heard pawing at the door and smiled. Her visitor had arrived. Shortly after the pawing began a firm knock was heard at the door. Artemis prepared herself. She stood and walked to a dusty cabinet and carefully picked out a glass jar containing a green sludgy liquid. She opened the jar gingerly and took a hearty swig. The potion sank into her stomach. Now she was ready to greet her guest. She strutted over to the door and opened it wide. A dog brushed passed her leg as she stared into the face of a strong looking man. His face was rugged and weathered. A blonde beard clung to his face and matted hair dropped down before reaching his shoulders. The man stared back into the face of a young, beaming, beautiful woman draped in an old haggard robe. 

"Come in." the young lady said with a coy smile. She watched as his face opened into surprise then, likely realizing the rudeness of his expression, quickly straightened himself to the woman. 

"I apologize for showing up without invitation. My name is Bryan and I am from a small village to the east. I hate to ask this of you but night is falling soon and I don't believe I can make it back home. Would you mind giving me shelter for the night? I have only my labor to offer in return. You must be able to use me somehow...you live here alone?" he finished with a confused question. 

The woman scanned the tall man up and down. She smiled wider. "I'm sure I can make use of you." she said clandestinely and beckoned him inside. 

The man sat down at the table as his dog lay resting by the fire. "Tea?" she offered and handed him a small cup of steaming brown water. He accepted and drank deeply. 

Throughout the next hour or so the two talked quite a bit. The disguised witch learned of the man and his family, and he in turn was fed a lie about a young woman who willingly cast aside colonial life for one of peace and solitude. 

"I thank you greatly for your hospitality. I will be needing an early morning tomorrow, and wish to retire now. Where shall I sleep?" the man asked. 

"There is a bed upstairs." the sly witch responded. "You're welcome to it if you like."

The woman watched the man's face change again, this time however, was from comfort to surprise. Then surprise into worry. 

"I...I-" he started. 

"You can't move your body." she responded with a maniacal smirk. 

"I...no! I can't!" he cried with increasing frustration. "What have you done to me!" 

"I do hope you enjoyed your tea. I have made you mine Bryan...for the night at least." 

The witch's smirk grew across her youthful face. Her lips were red and full. "To the bed with you" she declared --and his body followed orders. 

"No! You...you witch!" he cried again. 

"Exactly." she responded lusciously. 

The man's body walked over to a straw bed in the corner of the room. It laid him down. The woman stood up wordlessly and followed the helpless man over, her long robe dragging on the ground behind her. She domineered over him. "Look at me." she commanded, and the man's head turned. He gritted his teeth and watched as the woman shrugged a shoulder and in one motion dropped the black robe from her body. Before the man stood a taught, young, supple form. Jet black hair fell down her back. Her breast laid bare were taunting him with allure. She was wickedly vibrant. 

"You harlot!" he yelled, immobile with magic. 

"You've nothing to fear." she said softly in a soothing sultry voice and took a step forward. "Remove your pants." Artemis spoke to the man's body and he reached down and took of his trousers. The succubus witch bent down and marveled at the manhood in from of her. "Impressive." she said warmly and placed tender fingers onto it. She began tracing up and down the flaccid shaft and swirling around the tip. The man's cock started to swell. 

"Remove yourself from me!" Bryan yelled, but the witch was unbaiting. She continued tracing her fingers lightly until his penis had grown firm enough to grasp and applied pressure around the shaft. The man groaned and attempted to twist his unresponsive body. 

"Just relax and enjoy this like you know you want to." Her hand was slowly stroking the engorging erection. 

"I have a wife."

"Tonight you are free." 

With that she kneeled and bent her neck to the man's member. Her lips pressed gently on his tip and slowly embraced it inside her mouth. He felt the warmth engulfing him. He strained to keep the pleasure from taking him over. She took the cock further into her wet orifice and began gently moving her head up and down taking his penis in and out of her. She felt the pressure inside of it build as he further groaned. She continued massaging him with her lips and traced a hand up his pelvis and under his shirt. She felt his stern stomach, flexing in attempted rebellion to the curse befallen him. The other hand reached below herself. Three fingers landed on her already moist pussy. They rubbed slow at first then grew in pressure and speed. The witch's loins warmed and the longing sensation rose in magnitude. She moaned into his cock. Artemis's unholy mouth continued its wicked fellatio until the erection surged at full mast and she released him. "It's time you give me what I desire. It's been so long."

"Please. Don't" he begged, but she could tell he was beginning to give into her. His body was in her control, but his pleasure was entirely real. 

She removed her moist fingertips from her lips below and placed them onto his. "Taste" she said. He opened his mouth and took in Artemis's sweet dripping fingers. She removed them from him the mounted the bed, sliding him inside of her. Bryan's swollen cock filled her longing body. The walls of her pussy slid down around his massive staff and sunk with tightening pressure around it. He let out a moan. 

"There you go." she said through a labored breath as his erection penetrated deep within her. "Ravage me." she commanded and his body jumped to attention. His muscular arms grabbed the back of her head and pulled it down into his chest. His hips pumped up and down. It was as fast as she need. 

"No." he said meekly, fighting his instinct. 

"Faster." she said. His throbbing cock sank into her hard and then began stroking ferociously. 

"Uhhhh" the witch moaned as his arms wrangled her to his body, pinning her and gripping her harshly. She lifted her head and started into his eyes as his pelvis thrust steady and strong. Each pump rocked her young body intensely. The man's body continued to strain and work harder and harder. She felt the need for her curse diminishing as he lost himself inside of the woman's body. Her hand gripped and dug hard into his burly shoulders and back. 

"Ohhh" she called out. "Bryan...I grant you your freedom." she said fiercely and his body was released from the spell. She continued staring into his eyes. He pulled his head backwards. His body was no longer in the witch's control but he wasn't stopping. He continued to thrust mightily. He grabbed the firm smooth flesh of Armtemis's sides and flung her onto her back. He remained on top of her, deep inside of her, pounding between her spread legs. He fucked her with anger, resentment, and overwhelming lust. She called out as he pinned her to the bed --each push bringing them both further into the wild throngs of passion. She pushed her hands against the bed to propel herself onto his chest. She clutched round his neck and dug nails into it. He grabbed her hard. His hands were calloused and strong. He held her above the bed and savagely forced himself in and out, further and deeper and more powerful with each thrust. She felt her whole body rising with his. The climax was here. She wailed and he grunted. Her body shook as she clutched onto his. Artemis wrapped her legs around the man, pinning his cock as far into her as she could. It seethed and pulsed, propelling its warm juice inside of her. They both collapsed onto the bed...breathless. Artemis panted and placed a hand on the powerful man beside her. "I told you that tonight you were free. You entered the woods my darling and here the rules are mine and mine alone. Tomorrow you will return to your wife --your children --your family. Tonight, now, you sleep." 

Artemis removed herself from the bed and withdrew to a door in the back of the cabin, turning her head before she walked through - smirking. The man looked at her with begrudging appreciation. He didn't retort however. He didn't fight her words. He merely accepted what had transpired. Indeed today he had witnessed the dark taboo of witchcraft. He had met the woman of the forest who pervaded this land and laced it with sultry iniquity. Indeed today, he had entered the woods.