 If rumours were to be believed, his time would soon be up. The rumours told of a witch, old as time who lured men to her cabin in the woods. Once there she would suck their very souls from them and leave the withered husks to be consumed by the insects.

But they were just rumours, right? Seriously, who believes in witches anymore? That was what Daryll told himself as he moved further into the dark woods.

It had all seemed like a good idea at the time. Daryll had been sat in his local pub with his mates, drinking the night away whilst eyeing up the girls. The lads had quite the reputation when it came to the ladies so it was getting harder and harder for them to score. As they left the pub just before closing time they were drunk, staggering and slurring their words quite badly. Daryll was moaning about not getting laid and having to rely on his own hand an imagination that night. Steve, his best mate was shouting how he hadn't been 'blown' for so long and just wanted someone to help him out.

"Don't look at me mate," Daryll had laughed. "I got me own problems to take care of."

Steve looked horrified, "Urgh man, you're sick. I wouldn't touch yours with someone else's!"

Laughing, the two of them stumbled down the road. Each of them saying what they wanted most from their next lay, each scenario worse than the previous. That was when Steve mentioned the witch.

"So mate, what we need is something a bit different. We need a bird that's willing to do anything we want."

"Yeah, no anyone like that. Cos I tell you mate, if I don't get fucked soon, my bollocks are gonna explode!"

"What about the witch?"

"The what? Fuck off with that old tale, man. There ain't no such thing as fucking witches."

"I here that she has powers and can suck like no other, suck your very soul right out your cock."

"For fuck sake, man. Look, yeah, I'm pissed. But, number one, Ain't no such fucking thing as witches. Two, it ain't my soul I want her sucking out, is it? And three, well fuck I can't think of three. But I want a real woman, not some fucking fairy tale from your head."

"You ain't getting my head you damn pervert"

Both men laughed as they walked down the street. Silence rained over them for a short time. But when they reached the turning at the edge of the woods, Steve stopped and spoke up.

"Can't believe you're scared of a story."

Daryll stopped, he took his friend by the arm. "Where the hell did that come from?" He asked. "Why would I be scared of some old stupid story?"

Steve grinned, he knew he could bait Daryll. "It's cool mate, seriously. It's just between us, I won't tell nobody you didn't want to go into the woods at night on your own."

"Whatever, Steve. Ain't like there's anything in there anyway, is it."

"Yeah, your probably right," Steve replied casually. "I wouldn't dare go in there either."

The magic word had been said, the word that always got a rise out of Daryll. "What's that supposed to mean? Are you trying to say something?"

Smiling, and knowing he'd led Daryll into his trap, Steve spoke the three words that anyone who knew him, knew they could control Daryll with. "I dare you."

"What? What you talking about, dare me what?" Daryll knew he'd been had.

"I dare you to go in them woods and prove there ain't no witch."

"Fuck you, man" Daryll said as he turned his back on Steve and disappeared into the trees. Ever since a young age, Daryll had never been able to turn down a dare. His mates knew it was his Achilles heel and used it on him. It was the main reason he had been in so much trouble over the years.

Thinking about the rumours, having sobered up quickly, Daryll emerged from the trees and found himself in a large clearing. In the centre of the clearing stood an old log cabin.

Smoke poured from the chimney, lights flicked in the small round windows. The door creaked on old, rusty hinges as it slowly opened.

A figure, cloaked in darkness emerged from within and stopped. The door shut silently behind it. Daryll, didn't understand, but he felt beckoned by the figure. Slowly, his feet began to move and he stepped towards the shrouded figure.

All was silent as Daryll moved. No insects made a sound, his footfalls were silent. Stopping an arm's length from the mysterious figure, he looked, his gaze trying to penetrate the darkness of the hood.

Slender hands emerged from the sleeves, reaching up, they pulled the hood back. Daryll's gasp was silent as he starred into the face of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.

"Welcome, Daryll." She said, her voice soft, gentle as it caressed his ears.

"Who are you?" He asked, his voice a low, husky noise.

Smiling, her face lit up. "Why, I'm who you have been seeking. I am here to give you what you want."

Daryll was confused. "What, I, I don't under- "

She cut him off. "I know you Daryll, I know what you desire. I know what you want. I will give you it all, and you shall give me your all."

Tugging the ties that held her cloak, the woman opened it and let it fall from her. She wore a simple summer dress below. Bright and flowery, a total contrast to the dark cloak she had shunned. Nothing made sense to Daryll, he was rooted to the spot. Unable to think or move.

Slowly, she sunk to her knees before him, her hands deftly unfastening his belt buckle. With a simple tug, she unbuttoned his jeans. Tugging gently, she eased his jeans and boxer shorts down his legs. His cock, hard sprung free. It pointed straight at her face.

Smiling, she licked her lips. Reaching a hand, she cupped his balls, caressing them with her fingers. Her lips touched his twitching head as her tongue played around the smooth dome. Her lips parted as she brought him into her. Gentle at first, she sucked him down her throat before pulling back. His length appeared and slipped from her lips, a thin string of her saliva keeping them attached.

She looked up at him, their eyes locking. You are mine, Daryll.

"Her mouth engulfed him once more, her hands worked his shaft as her lips slid up and down his length. She could feel his balls tighten, release was not far away. She would drink him down, every last drop. and with it, she'd suck and feed on his soul.

He exploded in her mouth. Blast after blast of hot cum hit the back of her throat. Working his cock with her hands, and swallowing several times, she milked every drop from him. But something was wrong.

Normally they would give up to her by that point. Normally she would be feeding on their essence and sucking them dry. Something was wrong. She looked up and saw the look in his eyes. The look of lust, of need, the desire for her.

It wasn't fear, but she felt something unusual; something different. He was different, he was no normal man. Hesitation gripped her, even as he did. Hands reached and took her shoulders firmly, they pushed until she lay on her back, Daryll stood above her. In a moment of indecision, of weakness, he acted.

He knelt between her legs, pushing the dress up, bunching it at her waist. Eagerly, he kissed her inner thighs, his tongue finding her sweet centre. An involuntary moan escaped her lips as his tongue caressed her clit. Kissing her lips, spreading the with his tongue, Daryll entered her sex. His tongue firm as he pushed it into her. Her juices flowed, mixing with his saliva as he kissed her. Fingers propped as he worked her clit hard with his tongue. Her back arched, hands holding his head in place as she cried out, the orgasm tearing through her.

Still he worked her, she could feel her soul being wrenched from her as he worked her sex hard. She was lost, never had she encountered a being like this. Not only did he seem her equal, but he threatened to destroy her. She had to act.

Pushing him away, she climbed, gasping to her feet and made to run for the cabin. Daryll wasted seconds removing his shoes, jeans and boxers before pursuing. He ran, sprinted after his goal even as she climbed the steps. Before she could open the door, he was on her.

Grabbing her shoulder, her spun her and pushed. She slammed back, her back smashed against the closed door. Hands gripped her dress and yanked. Buttons popped and skittered across the floor as her dress was ripped open. Hands held above her head, Daryll pressed his body against hers. Lips met, forcing his tongue into her mouth she greedily accepted it. Tongues entwined, rough hands explored her as Daryll ripped the dress from her body. He stepped back to look at his prize. Lust filled his eyes. Leaning in, he trailed kisses down her neck. Her head moved back, eyes closed as the feel sent waves of pleasure through her. Down trailed his lips, over her shoulder, down her chest. One hand cupped a breast, its fingers squeezing, pulling and teasing the hardening nipple. His mouth closed over the other breast. Daryll sucked her breast in, his lips and teeth teasing her nipple. Moans escaped her mouth as she held his head to her body.

Squirming free, she fled. Her power over the man seemed lost, and in a moment of panic she ran, trying to regain herself and the upper hand. She could hear his pursuit, feel him steps behind her.

She stopped and turned to face her pursuer. Lightning flashed overhead, thunder rumbled all around as huge drops of rain fell on them. They stood like two gunslingers from the old west. Mere paces apart, each waiting for the other to make a move.

Reaching back, he pulled his shirt up and over his head. Daryll now stood as naked as she did, breathing hard, wanting what was his.

He took a step forward, she a step back. She had to control the situation, had to gain the upper hand. She leaped at him.

Taken by surprise, Daryll fell back, she was on him. Wet bodies squirmed as she held his arms away, pinning them with her hands. She straddled him, feeling his hardness poke at her as she fought to hold him still. If she couldn't get his soul the usual way. Well, there is more than one way to get what you want.

Shifting, she raised herself up, slid up his body slightly and eased down, impaling herself upon his hard flesh. Daryll stopped struggling as she rocked, he was lost in pleasure as she rode him. Her body slamming his over and over as she brought him close. She could feel her own orgasm build even as she sensed his. Reaching, he grabbed her breasts, kneading them, squeezing hard.

Daryll sat up, the woman still on his lap, still hugging him deep inside. Rising to his feet, Daryll carried her, slamming her back into a tree. Hips moving fast, he thrust over and over. She threw her head back, gasping for air as his pounding cock forced a second orgasm from her. Tensing her muscles, she felt him cum, teasing his cock as hot jets squirting deep inside her.

Exhausted they fell to the floor in each other's arms. Hands with a life of their own caressed. Both felt weak as they had each drained the other.

She knew she couldn't win and claim his soul as she had the others before him. She knew he was her equal. Likewise, she knew he could not win either, both were powerful beings, governed by powerful urges and actions. All she knew in that moment was how much she needed him, how much she wanted him. The look he gave her as he rolled her onto her back, told her he wanted the same. He wanted, needed her as much as she did him.

Legs falling open, he guided himself into her hot waiting sex. Long slow strokes, each causing a smile, a catch in breath. A sense of fulfilment. They kissed long and deep, they feelings they shared through the kisses were unlike anything before. There was nothing in the world except them as they made love under the tree in the pouring rain. Nothing mattered but their being together, their joining of body and soul as one.

Speeding up, the strokes became hard, fast as their bodies collided. Nails scratched, legs squeezed. Gasps and screams filled the air around them. The sheer raw power of them together sent shock waves through the surrounding trees. As one they came, together and for the third time.

They were truly one, governed by the ancient powers. The power of the three was in them.