 Ker-thump-ker-thump!

The green Honda Civic suddenly bounced. Its tires-first the front then the back-nonchalantly rolled over something, and then corrected itself as it sped down the little piece of suburbia. Mascara eyes flicked up from a cell phone and glanced up at the rearview mirror. A dark form, just a little bit bigger than a squirrel, perhaps a cat, perhaps a small dog, lay on the road. Sarah gasped, tapped the breaks.

"Oh crap," she whispered, her teeth biting down on a ruby lip. A lone figure rushed into the street and gathered the crumpled little mass into its arms.

"Shit!" Sarah floored the gas pedal, "Shit, shit, shit!" She watched the figure recede in the rearview mirror. And, standing tall and still, the figure watched Sarah's little Honda disappear down the road.

Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. Her mind raced. Maybe it was ok. Maybe I just glanced it. Please, please don't be someone's pet! But, deep down, she knew it was. It had to have been. People just don't sprint into the street and cradle a suicidal squirrel. The pangs of guilt settled in her stomach. 

She was an animal killer. Her eyes welled up, thinking of that poor, fuzzy speed bump. Taking off her glasses, she tried to dab the tears away with the back of her hand. She didn't want to kill someone's pet. She loved animals. Truly, she did, even though she was terribly allergic to anything fuzzy. And that little crumpled ball of animal wouldn't leave her mind, and neither could the sight of the figure-the owner who had watched the whole thing. 

Why didn't she stop? It wasn't too late to turn around. But the owner...what would she say? That she was too busy calling Dan Litwiss, the running back of her high school football team, to pay attention to the road? And what if that figure got her license plate? What if he was calling the police right now, or talking to her parents? Oh my God, please let it be ok...

After ten minutes of debating to turn around and being on the verge of tears, she pulled up to Dan's house, being extra careful not to drive over anything. Snuffling a little, she checked her make up, arranged her glasses, and tried to put what happened in the back of her mind. 

Her black, calf-high boots crunched the golden autumn leaves that covered the driveway. After grabbing her backpack, she tugged on the hem of cream-colored sweater dress, wishing it would go just a little further down than the middle of her thighs.

No, you want to go back to old, plain-Jane Sarah? What happened to the new you? You're a senior in high school, eighteen, and have never had a boyfriend! It's now or never. 

She checked herself in the side mirror. Her black boots showed off her shapely, soccer-toned legs and trim figure. And, smiling, she noted that her butt looked great. After quickly glancing at the house to make sure no one was watching, she scrunched her boobs together. If only these were a little bit bigger, then I'd really turn some heads!

She approached the house, running a hand through her shoulder-length black hair. Her boots clicked against the cement. She rang the doorbell. The shocked, wide-eyed look on Dan's face when he opened the front door was reward enough. Sarah blushed as he stammered.

"Can I come in?" She asked sweetly.

"Yes, of course yes! Thank you so much for coming. A little tutoring is just what I need!" 

"I was going to call to see if you needed lunch...Oh, hi Mrs. Litwiss!"

"Oh no, I'm fine, let's get up stairs and get to work. After you," he said with a wicked grin, his arm ushering her. Dan's mom, who sat in the adjoining living room, turned from the TV.

"Sarah," She said with a raised eyebrow, "It's nice to see you again. You look very...nice. Dan, you make sure to leave your door open. I don't want any funny business up there."

Sarah proceeded up the stairs, making sure to sway her hips just a little bit more in her tight sweater dress in case Dan was enjoying the view. 

Despite her stomach rumbling from a skipped meal, despite Dan's good looks, sunshine smile, curly brown hair-and what did he do to smell so good?!-studying for the upcoming history test went well. At least the couple of hours. As they lay on the floor together, the number of butterflies that fluttered over Sarah's skin continued to grow as they traded smiles. For once, after weeks of tutoring, Dan's blue eyes met her nervous glances. She was in the midst of explaining the Great Schism and its impact on medieval Europe when she felt a sudden closeness.

"Let's take a little study break," Dan said quietly, brushing away her long black hair away, "shall we?" His lips brushed against her ear, sending shivers up and down Sarah's spine. 

"Well, I don't know, we have a lot of work..." She said. He roughly pulled her hair, guiding her lips to his.

"Ok," she smiled. Another kiss, harder this time, muscular arms encircled her. 

"How come I never realized how hot you are?" He said. His lips once again found her ear. His heavy hands pawed at her, slid down and grabbed her ass as their tongues entangled. Sarah's eyes briefly widened, shocked. She moaned, louder this time. 

"Shh! Quiet! My mom will hear!" She shut him up with another kiss, and let her nails travel up and down his back. In turn, he grabbed her ass even harder. Arching her back, pressing her breasts against his chest, she moaned even louder. He grabbed her hands and pushed them against the bulge in his jeans. 

"I've got something that might keep you quiet." He said as he fumbled with the zipper, and pulled down his jeans. He pressed his hard cock into her limp hands. 

"Fuck, let me guess, you've never done this?" He whispered, reading her frazzled look. "It's ok, let me show you," he kissed her, "Up and down, nice and easy, not too loose, not too tight. There you go, see, you're a natural. Now, go ahead, use your mouth." He pushed her head downward.

Thanks to her dad's hidden porn stash, Sarah had seen a cock before. But never in real-life, and had definitely never felt its hardness in her hands. She continued to slide her hand up and down the shaft. Her mouth poised inches away from the head, her long hair splayed over his hips. It wasn't the most gorgeous thing in the world, but it wasn't exactly ugly either.

She gave the tip a little kiss, then sank her lips around the tip, swirling her tongue around the head. He gasped; his hips undulated. And thanks to those videos, she had at least some idea what to do. 

A noise. She stopped. Her heart leapt to her throat. She listened for his mom coming up the stairs. She turned to look, her hand spreading the wetness up and down his shaft, pumping slowly. Only the faint noise of the TV greeted her. But that thrill, the thought of being caught, seeing her fantasy-man half naked on the floor, caused her head to swim with pleasure-swim with a devilish delight she'd only dreamed. Suddenly, she bit the head of his cock, not hard, but hard enough.

"Ouch! What are you up to," he hissed. She smiled sweetly at him and ran her tongue up his shaft. "Fuck, it's always the quiet ones." She sank her other hand between her thighs and felt her own warmth, her own wetness beneath her panties. She moaned into his cock. Faster, her hand moved in unison with her mouth, sliding up and down with her spit.

"Oh, I'm going to cum!"

"Wait, what?!" She grabbed the base of his cock like a garden hose, not knowing what to do, where to point it. With a shudder, he came. Nothing seemed to escape it-the carpet, Dan's jeans, but mostly Sarah's new dress to the brunt. 

"Oh that was amazing," he sighed, "looks like you almost got yourself a pearl necklace! Relax. Trust me, it washes out. There's a bathroom around the corner."

"Ok but," she purred, "what about me?" 

"Oh no, I can't, I gotta go! Oh, but that was really amazing. Was that really your first time? I mean...wow! You're a natural!" He stood, kicked his jeans to the corner of the room, and got another pair out from a drawer and threw them on. Sarah stood, readjusting her dress, assessing the damage. The cum had indeed landed all over the front of her dress, marking her breasts, the whole front of her, and the wetness was starting to spread in a dark, very obvious stain. Dan looked at his watch.

"Shit, I need to jet!" Picking up her backpack, he crammed her books inside while she stood stupefied, her hands creating a tent out of her dress so she didn't have to feel the wetness against her skin. It was already turning cold.

"Here ya go." He shoved the backpack against her, smashing her tent, and pressing the cold clamminess against her. She sucked in a gasp.

"But, your mom-my dress!" 

"I'll sneak you out, it's ok." He kissed her forehead.

All of a sudden, she was outside, standing in the doorway. And just as the front door closed, Sarah heard Dan's mom say, "You better call Jan, you're going to be late for your date. It's not polite to keep a lady waiting."

Jan?

Jan "Always Ready" MacBrady?

It was already dark outside. With a zombie stare, she stumbled to her Honda. Dimly aware, she started it.

What just happened?

"Jan 'Always Fuckin' Ready' MacBrady," she said, teeth clenched. "We do all that and he has a date right afterward?"

She backed out of the driveway, turned the car sharply and, with a satisfying crunch, slammed the back end into Dan's nicely polished Rav4, which he had conveniently parked on the side of the street. Slowly, she put it into drive, went about ten feet. The Rav4's bumper was severely crumpled. But, it needed just a little bit more. She put it into reverse and floored it. The cars shook on impact. Another satisfying crunch.

"That one's for Jan!"

She made her escape, driving a couple of blocks to a nearby park before pulling over and collapsing on the steering wheel in a sob. She felt so used, so small.

"Hush now darling, I will play with you."

Sniffling, wiping her eyes under he glasses, she sat up. So soft, so hushed the words came that Sarah wasn't sure she'd heard them at all.

As sweetly as the breeze, the voice came again; gentle and feminine, its breathy tone whispered, "Hush now darling, I will play with you."

Tap-tap-tap

Sarah shrieked. 

An old woman, dimly lit by the street lamps, was tapping on her side window.

"Oh deary, I didn't mean to scare you, child. Just an old granny out looking for her cat. Have you seen him? He's black, his name is Mr. Tinkles."

"I can't. I have to, I have to go home. My parents are expecting me for dinner. I'm so sorry. This day has been so bad. I just need to go," Sarah said.

"Nothing like a good deed to set things right, deary. Please help me. It won't take long with both of us looking."

"Ok," she sniffled and stepped out.

"Oh my, what do have all over you?"

"Nothing," she said, vainly trying to cover up the stain, "I just spilled some water." The old lady grinned a yellow, toothy smile and clasped her wrinkled hands on top of Sarah's. 

"My name is Temperance. You can call me Tempy, my friends do."

"My name is Sarah. Nice to meet you."

"Come on Sarah, Tinkles isn't going to find himself. I'll bet my bottom dollar he went into the park. At least, I sure hope he did. It's dangerous out there. A car could've squished him flat!"

"Yeah..." Sarah frowned. 

Tempy, with a grunt, stepped up into the grass and shambled between the trunks, her black shawl swaying. Her hunched form stepped between two giant trees and disappeared into the shadows.

"Come on, slowpoke!" She called.

Sarah shivered. The autumn chill had already ushered out the warm summer nights. A razor of an October moon smiled down at her.

"Mr. Tinkles, here kitty kitty!" Tempy called, her voice already in the distance.

"For an eighty year old woman, she sure moves fast," Sarah said and followed. Darkness slowly swallowed the yellow streetlights as she moved further and further into the trees. Leaves crunched underfoot. She rubbed her bare arms vigorously, trying to settle down the goose bumps that prickled her skin.

"Here kitty kitty," she called. Nothing. Shivering, she continued to look, scratching her legs on darkened bushes and tripping over hidden rocks. Climbing over logs, stepping past darkened logs, time passed until her teeth were chattering in between her calls. She had really expected to find the other side of the park at least fifteen minutes ago. Then it dawned on her: it'd been quite awhile since she heard Temperance.

"Tempy?" She called, "Temperance!" A little quill of fear pricked her. "It's ok, I'll just go back, go back..." She twirled, looking for a bit of light that would signal the parking lot, or anything, some point of reference to where she could walk. The clear October night twinkled down on her. 

It's just a park, how could you get lost in a park? She turned around, walking quickly. "Temperance! Can anyone hear me?" She began to panic. Nothing. "Temperance!" 

"I can hear you, love," a woman's voice called in the distance.

"I'm lost!"

"Oh, little one, I'm close, keep going!" laughed the voice. Sarah stepped quicker now, crashing through the bushes and brambles. 

"Hello?" 

The trees opened up into a small clearing, bathed in moon glow. There, sitting on a large, flat rock, was a woman. She sat with her long legs crossed, her skin gleaming alabaster in an almost unnatural pale light, which-and Sarah couldn't be completely sure-seemed to radiate from the stone itself. Beneath a black shawl she wore a short dress with plunging neckline that showed off her ample cleavage. Long, black hair tussled her bare shoulders. She smiled a slight, sly smile at the gawking girl.

"Well, you found me!"

"Thanks goodness, I was so lost and I can't find this cat, and then there's this old woman... I just want this day to be over!" Sarah stepped closer, eyeing the lone woman, the strange glen. Something wasn't right. Alarms began to go off in Sarah's head. The woman carefully watched with a Cheshire smile.

"What are you doing out here?" Sarah asked.

"Enjoying the night, the uninhibited dark. C'est bon nuit, non?"

"Aren't you cold?" 

"Aren't I cold? Aren't you a delight!"

"I, I just need to know how to get out. I really need to get home. And, if you see a lady by the name of Temperance tell her I'm sorry, but I couldn't find her cat, and I hope he's ok, and-"

"Oh, Tempy? She was just here a minute ago! Lovely old woman, don't you think?"

"Was she ok?"

"Fine, just fine! We talked a spell. We talked about you." She laughed.

"Oh, ok...did she find her cat?"

"Come closer, and I'll tell you all about it," she said, keeping a steady gaze on the young girl as she approached. "Yes, lovely, and I'll tell you my secret. So many secrets to share." 

Sarah stood, hands wringing nervously, trying to look around anywhere, to avoid the strange lady dressed in black. But, her presence, the odd way that she made Sarah feel, commanded attention. There was an attraction she never felt before; her heart fluttered, she reddened with embarrassment. Watching this strange beauty, being swallowed by her dark gaze, the hint of danger that lurked behind her smile pulled her closer.

The dark lady stood, towering over Sarah by at least five inches. Leaning forward, her full breasts lightly touched Sarah's shoulders. A sweet perfume, an intoxicating scent caught her, teased her. The lady's lips delicately touched Sarah's ear, causing something within her to stir, her head to swim.

"You, you killed my cat. My name is Temperance, but you, my dear, can call me Tempy." She whispered slowly.

Sarah's mouth dropped. Fear coiled around her. No, this can't be happening-impossible!

"I told you, my petite chéri, I would play with you. 'A car could squish him flat!'" she cackled, her voice becoming that of the old woman. She traced a long fingernail up and down Sarah's arm, while her gaze lingered on the girl's figure. "But no, we haven't even begun to play. You're scared? I can sense it; I can taste it wafting from you, and it is delicious." 

"You can't be Tempy. She's an old woman. You're playing a trick on me."

The lady smiled, and that smile turned yellow and toothy. Her once tall figure curved low and hunched, and wizened wrinkles crisscrossed her face. In a matter of seconds, the tall, captivating beauty had become at least fifty years older. Then, seconds later, she returned to her beautiful self, full of smiles, and a dark glint in her eyes. 

Fear flooded Sarah. She knew she should run; her brain was screaming at her just to move. 

"I'm, I'm so sorry. I..."

Temperance's voice hardened, "You made me very, very angry Sarah. I had just gotten him. He had so much...promise. Admittedly, he was a bit of a dullard. But, then you came along in that little car. Fate is a fickle thing, n'est-ce pas? I've been watching you ever since. Oh, the things I had planned for you. Horrible, horrible things. But you, watching you today, softened me. And I liked what I saw, and I don't just mean this...." Her nail lightly touched her breasts. Sarah looked away, cheeks warm with embarrassment. 

"Do I excite you, Sarah?"

"You, you scare me."

"Smart girl, I know I do." Temperance circled around the girl, watching her, eyeing every inch of her body. "You excite me, Sarah. Even after all these years, I didn't think it was possible. But you... I want to kiss you, to taste you. Would you like that?"

"Yes." Sarah found her mouth saying. Her eyes widened, shocked. But it was the truth. The thought of being kissed, being touched, awakened something sleeping inside her. She yearned for the touch, for their lips to meet.

A kiss like Sarah had never known-sensual, electric-engulfed her, sent her reeling, so that when the two had separated she was still straining, eyes close and head tilted, wanting more.

"Mmmm yes," Temperance purred, "Such a morsel." Another kiss, longer this time. Sarah could feel her dress being lifted off, leaving only her black boots and her red, lace thong. She was no longer cold, but burned with want, with longing. Their gaze met, and Sarah marveled at the darkness of Tempy's eyes. Almost black, they seemed to absorb the surrounding moonlight. Light fingertips traveled up and down the small of Sarah's back before grabbing her ass tightly. Tempy kissed her deeply, devouring her moans, tongues twirling.

"I know you like that."

She kissed, then bit Sarah's neck, causing the girl to shudder. Within their embrace, Sarah was lowered upon the stone until she lay upon the coarse surface, which wasn't cold but strangely warm. 

Tempy's lips traveled over Sarah's neck, then over her breasts. She arched her back in response and cooed when Tempy's mouth, then teeth, found her nipples. A light fingernail traced down her stomach, down her thigh. Sarah sucked in with anticipation. Lightly, it traveled over her panties, pressing against her, rubbing up and down her slit through the thin material.

"Mmm, what have we here?" Tempy said, her teeth tugging on Sarah's earlobe. "My dear, you're completely soaked through! I better go down and see what's the matter." Tempy slid down, leaving gentle kisses and nibbles behind. Sarah, with her teeth biting down on her lower lip, watched Tempy's glittering dark eyes from between her thighs, and watched as she removed her panties.

"Mon Dieu! A little landing strip just pour moi? Such a lovely little pussy!" A fingertip slid up and down Sarah's slit. She stirred and moaned. "What do you want, my dear, you want my mouth on your pussy?"

Sarah bucked her hips, grinding against the finger.

"So eager! You need to say it; tell me what you want."

"Please," Sarah begged, "please lick my pussy, I want to feel your tongue on my clit. Please..." With a smile, Tempy obliged with a quick flick of her tongue. Sarah cried out with unabashed moans of ecstasy. Two penetrating fingers slid inside her, joining Tempy's experienced tongue. Faster, faster, hard and harder-Sarah's hips bucked. Pinching her nipples she lost control.
