 "Oh no, not again!"

Her name was Leslie, and she was having a very bad night. First she had been stood up for a date and now, out in the middle of nowhere, her car had just died, again. 

She let the car coast to a stop on the side of the road and grimaced. She didn't know the first thing about cars. She tried to start it again, but the engine barely clicked. She looked at her phone, "Naturally," she sighed, "no signal."

With a sigh of resignation, she got out, locking the door and started down the road. She was 20 years old, her long brown hair hanging loosely around her shoulders. She wore a pink tank top and a pair of jeans, the fabric hugging her slim form, an outfit that attracted plenty of attention wherever she went from guys. She did not know it, but her outfit attracted the attention of plenty of girls too. She had only gone a short way when she saw a house in the distance. More accurately, she saw lights. She decided to take the quickest way, cutting through the forest. She slipped between the trees and started walking.

Soon she began to feel a dark feeling begin to come over her, a feeling of dread. She shook it off, "Stop being a baby," she told herself. But as she neared the house, the feeling of dread began to get stronger. 

By the time got out of the trees, she wanted to run right back into the forest, but if she was going to get some help, she needed to use a phone. So, steeling her courage, she went to the door of the little cottage and knocked.

The woman who answered the door was not at all what Leslie expected. She had expected an old person, maybe a grandmother. Instead , Leslie was met by a woman who couldn't be older than 30, her long dark hair cascading over her smooth shoulders. Her face was gorgeous, her bright, mysterious eyes held Leslie's, her full breasts stood out prominently and her upper thighs were barely covered by a short, tight red dress.

"Can I help you?" she asked. 

"Uuuummmm," Leslie stammered, "C-C-could I-I, use yo-your ph-ph-phone?" She was utterly overwhelmed by the presence of this gorgeous woman. Leslie had never been very interested in women, but the sheer sensuality of this woman had her head swimming, her mind consumed by lustful images.

She smiled, a knowing smile. As though she knew precisely what Leslie was thinking. "Of course," she said, "Car troubles?"

"Yes," Leslie replied, "Thank you."

"You're quite welcome," She replied. She led Leslie into the house and Leslie was shocked at how big the rooms were. She was sure the house didn't look that big on the outside "My name is Lilith, by the way."

"I'm Leslie," she replied.

"I know," Lilith answered. 

"How could you know that?" Leslie asked in surprise

"I know lots of things about you," she replied mysteriously. "I have waited a long time for you to come."

Leslie was a little freaked out by this, but she just smiled politely and let Lilith show her to the phone. One call, then she could leave.

Lilith led her to a massive bedroom, the bed large and ornate. She turned to her, a sly grin spreading across her face. "I'm sorry," she stated, "but my only phone is here in the bedroom."

"That's okay," Leslie replied, just wanting to get her call in and get out. But still, she couldn't help but notice that her she was, in a bedroom with this beautiful woman. Quite on its own, her eyes surveyed Lilith's lithe form, the way her smooth legs moved, the elegant curve of her hips, the enticing slimness of her midriff, the way her skirt rode up, exposing so much of her soft, firm thighs ..... 'Stop it!' she yelled silently to herself. She had never thought such thoughts about a woman, especially one she knew nothing about.

Lilith stopped at the bed, pointing to the phone on a table next to her. "Here it is." 

"Thank you," Leslie said, trying to slip past Lilith, finding herself brushing past the slim, sexy woman. She felt their bodies press close as she slid past, the woman's body warm and smooth. Leslie could feel Lilith's body and her body reacted, heating up. She slipped by and found it difficult to breath as she turned away, picking up the phone to call a tow truck. 

She had no idea that Lilith was so close until she felt the warm breath of the other woman against the nape of her neck. Leslie shivered in overwhelming desire as Lilith whispered softly into her ear, "I'll go make us a couple of drinks." The woman's lips brushed briefly against her earlobe and Leslie trembled,. She could feel the wetness between her legs. When she turned, there was no one there.

Leslie tried to call, but found that she couldn't concentrate long enough to remember the number. She hung up the phone and turned as Lilith brought in two large glasses of red wine.

"Here you are, my dear," Lilith said, handing Leslie one of the glasses. "This should help you relax."

Leslie wanted to tell Lilith that she didn't like wine, but found she couldn't say anything. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own as she brought the glass to her lips, taking a drink of the sweet, sensual, dark liquid. 

Lilith sat down on the bed and her hand caressed the bed next to her. "Here," she spoke, "come sit with me." 

Once more, Leslie's mind seemed to detach from her body as she sat. Lilith moved closer, her face close to Leslies. Leslie looked at her lips, so deep and full. So soft and sweet. 'What is happening to me?' she thought.  But she couldn't stop. Her head swam with erotic images as she looked at this gorgeous woman. The aroma of Lilith's perfume made her head swim more. Unsure of what to do, Leslie took another drink of the sweet, sensual wine.

Lilith pressed close, her full lips nearly brushing Leslie's trembling lips. Lilith's hand reached up and took the wine glass from Leslie's trembling hand. Her lips moved and pressed to the soft moistness of Leslie's lips. Leslie's body trembled and she felt light headed. Lilith's lips were sweet and moist and delicious. She opened her mouth and Lilith's tongue slipped into her mouth, taking her with the dominant kiss she gave her. Leslie was utterly overwhelmed and fell back to Lilith's pressure. Soon her head came to rest on the soft, luxurious pillow and for several minutes, there was no sound but the soft, moistness of their kissing as Lilith slowly and completely explored Leslie's sweet mouth. 

Their moist lips parted with a thin stream of saliva connecting them. Leslie shuddered in overwhelming sexuality. Lilith smiled at her and Leslie shuddered again. She felt Lilith's hands slide down her body, down the sides of her full breasts, down the slimness of her waist and over the swell of her hips.

Leslie could feel an overwhelming exhaustion come over her. She tried to keep her eyes open, but with each blink, her eyelids became heavier and heavier.

Lilith began to chant, her hands still on the curves of Leslie's hips. "Tuwan, varith, colum, varnu!" she chanted loudly. Leslie felt hands inside her, exploring her insides. She felt them press into her vagina, poking roughly at the thin membrane of her hymen. She felt them poke at her womb, exploring and prodding. Leslie felt a growing fear, 'What was happening? What was she doing to her?' but her eyelids became heavier still, and she couldn't keep them open. 

As Leslie fell into an unnatural sleep, Lilith smiled triumphantly. "She's a virgin!" she crowed. Her smile became evil, "She's ripe!"

Slowly, Leslie regained consciousness, her eyes flittering open. She couldn't see very well, the room covered in deep gloom. She could tell she was laying on a hard surface, a table that felt like stone. She tried to sit up and realized that she was held down, her wrists chained over her head. 

She felt a hole open in her stomach, a slow loop of fear as she struggled vainly against the heavy iron manacles. "Help, please!" she called out in terror.

"No need to shout, my dear," a hard, feminine voice spoke from one dark corner. "I can hear you just fine." Leslie turned her head and looked at the person who spoke, recognizing Lilith immediately. 

"Please, let me go!" she begged in despair as she struggled vainly against the heavy iron manacles that chained her to what she now realized was an altar. "Please, I promise I won't tell anyone, just please let me go!" 

Lilith stared down at the helplessly struggling woman. She wore a luxurious black silk dress, her body deliciously displayed by the sparse, nearly see through fabric. Her long hair, the same deep shade of black as her dress, hung down over her sleek shoulders as she gave a cruel sneer to the beautiful young victim, chained helplessly to the altar for sacrifice. 

"I'm sorry, Leslie," She sneered in sarcastic reply. As she spoke, she lowered her head to the girl's ear, breathing in her sweet perfume, and her delicious fear. "But you will make a fine sacrifice." She began to softly kiss Leslie's ear, slowly kissing the delicious, soft, warm skin as she slowly kissed down her neck. In despair, Leslie struggled, but her body responded unwillingly to her tormentor's knowing kisses and Leslie could feel the growing warmth between her struggling thighs. The woman kissed over Leslie's sensitive neck, making the woman tremble with helpless arousal. 

"Besides, my sweet," she continued as her lips reached Leslie's. She teased her lips, nearly kissing the girl's, their open mouths so close, Leslie's whole body shook in unwilling arousal, "Master Galnoch demands a virgin..." Leslie's whole body shuddered again, this time in terror at the name of the coven's demon master. "... and tonight, we sacrifice you!" With a cruel sneer, the woman pressed her lips to Leslie's sweet mouth, her tongue  slipping in and wetly caressing Leslie's tongue as her hand came up to slip into the thin, silky, white negligee that Leslie had been clothed in, her hand cupping Leslie's breast and her fingers gently pinching her sensitive nipple.. Leslie gasped as her body responded to the twin assaults on it.

When their lips parted, Leslie was gasping and trembling, her eyes wet with tears as the woman in black, the leader of this coven that had tricked her, drugging her and chaining her to this altar to be a sacrifice to her demon master, pulled back, licking her lips in sadistic delight at her slave's abuse. "Please, Lilith," Leslie begged, "don't let him have me. I'll do whatever you want, I won't even fight, I'll do whatever you wa-" she cut off abruptly as Lilith slapped her face hard. "Quiet, my pet!" she ordered, "make ready for Galnoch, for he comes for you!" she cackled in glee as an unearthly wind, blisteringly hot and coming from nowhere, began to blow fiercely in the room.

Lilith chanted evilly, "Norvath salas vorcha Galnoch!" calling on Galnoch to come. Leslie trembled in fear, desperate to escape the fate she knew awaited her. Lilith was a cruel mistress. She enjoyed tormenting her victims. Now Leslie was still driven into terrified screams as the massive, hideous demon appeared. Some ten meters tall, with smoldering black skin that seemed to crack and expose the red hot flames beneath. Galnoch had massive horns atop his head and a body of massive muscles. But none of that mattered to Leslie now. Her eyes were glued to the spot between his powerful legs, where his massive foot long penis hung. The sheer size of his penis was bad enough, but the four obscene, slimy tentacles that slithered around it, made the horror worse. 

The witch stopped her chanting, calling out to Galnoch. "I have brought you another virgin, my lord. Fuck her good." His massive head turned toward her, gazing down at Leslie's helpless form and the luscious body of his servant.

Lilith stood before the demon, "My lord," she bowed her head submissively, "Tonight, I give you my virginal slave Leslie to have as a sexual sacrifice. Take her as you will. Corrupt her, mind, body and soul." Then she stopped for a moment, her cruel smile falling on the helplessly struggling Leslie, " She is ripe, my lord!"

Galnoch turned toward the struggling Leslie, her firm, ripe body struggling helplessly against the chains, her ripe hips twisting sensually within the silky fabric of her white negligee. "Goooooooodddd," he hissed in a voice of pure terror. The mere sound ran ice up Leslie's face, even as the searing heat of Galnoch's body made her sweat, her body glistening and the sheer fabric of her negligee clinging delightfully to her full, firm breasts. "Your sacrifice pleeeeaaaasesssssssssssssss meeee." 

For a moment, he merely looked at her, his eyes staring deep into her mind, body and soul. "I will not turn this one. She is a virgin, yessssssssssss, but also ripe." Lilith's cruel face smiled again. She knew Leslie would become something more than merely another of Galnoch's servants, she would become the mother of his heir, the moment Lilith had waited for throughout the years of her service to the demon.

Without another word, Galnoch moved towards the helplessly struggling woman. "Nooooooo," Leslie wailed in absolute terror, both for the terrifying visage of Galnoch and for the terror of what her future was. She desperately struggled against the chains, but the heavy metal would not give way and she found herself unable to protect herself in any way. 

The hideous demon towered over her, the massive head moving close, the heat overwhelming, unbearable. Leslie couldn't even breathe as the demon breathed deeply, enjoying the delicious scent of her perfumed skin. A black hand moved forward, clutching the hem of her negligee. A single claw slipped upwards, burning a line through the pure white fabric. Leslie gasped, desperate to scream, but unable as the demon's sheer terrible presence overwhelmed her so. The demon grabbed hold of her negligee with two clawed hands, the fabric searing at his scalding touch. Leslie looked away in terror and humiliation, her eyes flicking between his massive legs, where the four slimy tentacles were obscenely stroking his massive cock, now some eighteen inches of massive erection, covered in obscene green slime. With a deep shout of triumph, Galnoch pulled the silky fabric with both massive hands, the fabric torn open at the burning line, exposing Leslie's young, nubile body to the hideous demon and cruel Lilith, both gazing with smoldering lust at the helpless girl.

 Leslie couldn't even scream as she looked in horror at the monstrous demon. The heat assaulted her in waves, her whole body responding as she became slick with sweat. The demon lurched forward, its great bulk rising over her. Galnoch reached forward, one massive paw slipping along a firm, tanned thigh, the touch scalding. Galnoch moved his paw up, grasping at Leslie's helpless crotch. For a moment, his paw remained there and the faint smell of burning hair wafted through the room. Leslie gasped in pain and pleasure, the overwhelming heat of his touch, like standing before an open oven, making her crotch heat to unimaginable degrees, her helpless pussy becoming wet with her unwilling arousal

Leslie tried vainly to escape, her hips twisting desperately to escape the hideous, scalding touch. But it mattered little. The demon's razor sharp claw, slipped into the silken folds of her intimate flesh, the scalding touch eliciting another moan of pain, pleasure and despair as the claw unerringly found her clit. She screamed in pain as the intensely hot flesh of the demon Galnoch roughly caressed her sensitive nub, even as she felt her flesh respond, making her hotter and wetter than she had been before.

"Mmmmm," Galnoch hummed in appreciation. "Few have responded so .... delightfully." 

"Nooooooooo!" screamed Leslie, even as Galnoch ruthlessly squeezed the sensitive nub in a scalding pinch. Her whole body bucked as her pussy throbbed in unwilling pleasure. She closed her eyes in humiliation, her whole body trembling with humiliation and pleasure.

Suddenly, his assault stopped, leaving Leslie trembling in anticipation, moments from orgasm. The scantily clad Lilith chanted, encouraging Galnoch and hurling obscene insults at Leslie.  

Galnoch reared up, one clawed hand grabbing the massive eighteen inches of his erection, covered in obscene slime as his hideous tentacles reached out, two of them writhing up Leslie's silken thighs as the other two, growing longer, slithered up her trembling body to assault her helpless breasts, encircling the sensitive flesh as the tips, with an obscene puckered mouth on each, clamped onto her helpless nipples and began to suck with wet, disgusting suction. Leslie opened her tear-filled eyes and was faced with the horrifying visage of Galnoch. Leslie felt her breath leave her and she gasped for searing air as the hideous demon stared at her in terrifying lust. Galnoch pressed his erection to Leslie's virgin opening, the repulsive slime covering his cock slipping the massive erection in slightly, even as Leslie squeezed her vaginal muscles in a final, desperate attempt to protect herself.

"Now, my sweet little virgin," he sneered in horrible triumph, "I will take you, mind, body and soul and you will give birth to my son." Without another word, he thrust forward on immeasurably powerful hips and the obscene lubricant of the slime let him slide in to the hilt, tearing away Leslie's virginity in one brutal thrust and driving the tip of his scalding cock deep into her unprotected womb. Leslie screamed again in painful humiliation as Leslie came forward, caressing every exposed part of Leslie's sobbing form as her full lips pressed against Leslie's as her tongue slipped into Leslie's open mouth, ending her screams as she forced a deep, lasting kiss on her helpless slave. Leslie shuddered in disgust and overwhelming pain as Galnoch's cock skewered her, his scalding flesh seeming to burn her soft flesh as he thrust back and forth with brutal force.

Leslie gasped in pain around Lilith's sweet mouth, but only until Lilith's persistent tongue had forced out her breathe. Leslie was utterly overwhelmed as Lilith continued to deeply kiss her, even as Galnoch's hideous assault continued.  To her horror, she felt the wet, slimy thickness of a tentacle slip under her and press against her soft, firm butt cheeks. Leslie's mind was numb at fear of this new assault and she desperately tried to escape, but to no avail. Galnoch thrust with increasing brutality deep into her flesh even as Lilith's deep kisses. Leslie's body shook in silent sobs as the assault overwhelmed her and the thick, long tentacle slithered deep into her ass with intense pain, easily sliding deep with the obscene lubricant it repulsively seeped out of thousands of pours. 

Leslie trembled, unable to breathe, her whole body being violated by this assault. She could feel Galnoch's thrust increase and her body shook again with pain. "Now, my sweet," Galnoch bellowed in triumph, "take my seed into your ripe womb!" With a triumphant bellow that reached deep into Leslie's soul and ripped it out, the massive demon came powerfully, emptying gallons of thick, green demon cum into her womb as the tentacle deep in her ass emptied more deep into Leslie's bowels. Lilith kissed Leslie even deeper, drowning her cries of anguish in long, deep, wet kisses. 

When Galnoch had emptied himself deep within Leslie's innocent body, he slipped out his cock and withdrew his tentacles. Lilith stood up.

"Your sacrifice pleases me," Galnoch thundered in satisfaction and the witch cackled. "Take care of the pregnancy," he ordered. "I will be back to claim my heir when she has the baby."

Lilith bowed submissively, "Yes, my master." 

Lilith walked to the altar and looked cruelly at Leslie; the beautiful girl's eyes were closed, her body shaking with silent sobs. "So my dear," she smirked, "how do you feel?" 

Leslie's eyes were still shut, tears streaming down her beautiful face. She could feel the hideous demon cum as it invaded her body, her innocence burned away as it approached the center of her being. She could feel the obscene slime slowly dribble out of her pussy and ass, both abused holes slowly closing. 
