 Another work of complete fiction. 

All characters are fictional and all characters are over the age of 18. 

Please enjoy, and Happy Halloween. 

***** 

October 29th. 

A beautiful fall morning, the leaves turned to the colors of autumn. Trees a lovely shade of gold and red on Mockingbird Lane, lining both sides of the street. The dawn's early chill just starting to dissipate as the sun begins its task of warming the day. A slight breeze rustles the fallen leaves and a bird begins its morning song. 

In a nice two story home Tabitha Smith is getting out of her morning shower. Drying her body off and thinking about the day ahead. A full day of classes to get through before the weekend. 

Next door, her best friend Jenna, is also getting her morning rituals out of the way. Best friends and neighbors their entire lives, they get ready for school. Their homes nearly identical. Their parents nearly identical. Their school schedules nearly identical. 

As Tabitha brushed her long auburn hair she looked at her body in the mirror. Slim with just enough curves. Her green eyes were her most striking feature. Flat tummy and perky breasts. Not too big but just big enough. 

As Jenna looked at her own reflection, in her home next door, she smiled. Her big breasts definitely her best asset, next to her pert little bubble butt. Her blonde hair the same straight style as her best friend Tabitha. 

At the same time, both girls got ready for the day. Tabitha wearing only her favorite bat wing necklace as she picked out her clothes. Jenna wearing just a tiny little cross on a chain. A gift from her great aunt. She only wore it cause she loved how it looked hanging in her cleavage on days she wore a low cut top. Days like today. 

Both girls favored black, crisp clothing. Almost but not quite a goth look, that went along with their favorite thing to do. Which was practicing witchery and witchcraft. It all started a few years ago, with Tabitha suggesting it. Always her follower Jenna quickly took to it. 

With a quick text to each other the girls finished getting dressed and ready. Tabitha wearing a long black skirt with a lace overskirt and a black tank top covered by a purple sweater. Jenna had decided on black skinny jeans with a red tunic shirt over. Both girls with the same black flats, loads of dark eye makeup, pale complexions and plenty of silver bracelets. 

They met in front of Jenna's house and began the short walk to school. Chatting about the coming Halloween and talking about classes and girly things, they held hands. It wasn't a sexual thing, just best friends and almost sisterly. As the morning warmed up they arrived at campus and the first thing they saw was the hated group. The barbies. The cheerleaders. 

The head cheerleader Britney saw them and it started at once. "Oh look, here come the freaks," she giggled. Her partners laughing behind her. "Good morning freaks," she went on, laughing. Jenna simply lowered her blue eyes and quietly kept walking. But Tabitha glared at the barbies and told Britney, "Fuck off plastic bitch!" 

"Just keep walking like your girlfriend," Britney snapped as they passed the group of cheerleaders. Tabitha just glared and gave her the one finger salute. 

"You wish," Britney said, laughing. Finishing with the classic insult, "Dyke." Before it could escalate, Jenna tugged Tabitha away. Her hand pulling as she quietly removed herself and Tabitha from the situation. 

"Don't let her get to you Tabz, she's not worth it," Jenna told her, but Tabitha was fuming. Her pale skin flushed red in anger. "Now that," said Jenna, pointing at the school's star quarterback, Chad, "is definitely worth getting worked up over," she giggled. Tabitha rolled her eyes and kept walking with Jenna. 

While not out about it, Tabitha was quite a bit bisexual. Preferring girls, she never shared that secret with anyone but Jenna, and Jen teased her about it constantly, as only best friends can. But she was still angry. Ignoring Chad, Tabitha was boiling in her skin. 

"I'm going to fix that Britney one of these days," she said angrily. "She will be so sorry she messed with us," she went on, as Jenna dreamily watched Chad. His blonde hair like hers, his muscles rippling like some sort of greek god. He was a walking dream to her, and she would do anything to be with him. He was all she could think about sometimes. Sometimes in the shower. Sometimes late at night. She bit her lip and thought maybe she would think about him tonight. Her panties moistened at the thought of that. 

Meanwhile Tabitha couldn't stop being angry. She thought all of the stupid games and all the mean spirited nonsense would stop now that they were freshmen in college. And to some extent it was true. People were more accepting of diversity at the University, and there were even a few girls like her and Jenna. A few witches here and there but not a coven. Not yet. Maybe that would change but for now, all she could think of was how to get back at Britney. 

Most of the rest of the morning passed as it usually does in a school of this nature. Classes and a bit of socializing in the halls and in the library. The usual amount of grab ass and the usual wankers. 

Jenna and Tabitha had almost every class together and spent the day studying with each other in quiet corners and what not, when not at lectures and such. The only time they saw Britney again was in passing, and every time she had some comment to make. Usually something rude and usually something to do with the girls being freaks or lesbians. 

Jenna took it all with a calm demeanor, but inside Tabitha was raging. The only thing holding her back was her best friend. She kept thinking, if Jen can take it, so can I. And that helped her through her day. 

The fall afternoon was crisp, almost chilly, when the last classes were finally drawing to a close. Tabitha and Jenna started for home, holding hands again. The leaves blowing across the campus and the sun beginning its slow autumn's descent. 

The smell of wood smoke from fireplaces and the smell of fall filled the air. Both girls walked quietly for a time, thinking their own thoughts. As they passed the practice fields both looked on, with differing thoughts. 

Tabitha watched the cheerleaders stretching, her nemesis Britney at the front. All in workout shorts and sweats and the like. While she actually hated the head cheerleader Britney, she did feel a stir of something like lust when she watched her stretching. After all, who wouldn't? The blonde cheerleader was quite the object of many fantasies around the campus, and poor little bisexual Tabitha was no different. Yes a grudge fuck would do quite nicely. With a giggle she cut that train of thought. 

Jenna, meanwhile, caught sight of the object of her fantasies. The star quarterback. Chad. She saw him, in shorts and a muscle shirt, throwing practice passes and very quietly, she nearly swooned. Her body trembled a bit at the thought of his muscular arm around her, and she bit her lip. 

While both girls walked, quietly lusting, neither one even entertained the possibility of a tryst. You see, it was quite well known that the head cheerleader and the star quarterback were such a cliche couple. Why would they not be? They were such a perfect couple that their gene pool, if combined, would probably produce some kind of genetically perfect offspring. 

So it was that Tabitha and Jenna just held hands and quietly walked home. As they got to their neighboring houses they stopped to talk for a bit. Complaining about homework and such. The houses on their lane were decorated with pumpkins, goblins, and such-and-such ghoulish and garish goodies. The trees so lovely, the smells of Fall in the air. 

"Call me later Tabz," Jenna said. Squeezing her best friend's hand. "We can figure out the weekend," she added. Smiling. 

"I will Jen but don't forget, I'm driving my parents to the airport tonight," Tabitha told her. Looking at her house, at her cat in the window. A black feline with a temperamental nature. Perfect for a young witch. Tabitha's parents were leaving that night to spend Halloween in Vegas, a four day adventure. She decided to stay because Jenna couldn't go, of course. 

"Awww okay Tabz," said Jenna, giving Tabitha a mock pout. "I'm sorry you have to spend Halloween with poor little me," she said, giggling at Tabitha. The breeze blowing her blonde hair and catching her golden highlights. Tabitha noticed and smiled at how beautiful her best friend was. 

"Don't forget you promised to help me clean up my grandma's old cabin Jen," Tabitha reminded her. At this Jenna rolled her eyes. Tabitha's grandmother had passed away a few years ago and her cabin had sat abandoned, until recently when her parents had decided to sell it. It was in decent condition and just needed some cleaning and for some old boxes to be disposed of. Nobody had been out there to really look at the place, as the old woman had only used it occasionally. Her house in the hills being her primary residence. 

"My parents said we could spend the weekend, watching scary movies Jen, and eating pizza!" Tabitha exclaimed. Bringing a smile to Jenna's face. "I'll sneak us a bottle or two of merlot, and maybe we can try some spell casting again," Tabitha suggested. Again, causing Jenna to grin quite cheerily. 

While wanting to be witches, and trying to cast spells, both girls were not quite successful. No matter how much sage they burned, and how many different attempts, nothing ever really came of their efforts. But that didn't stop them from trying. Both girls just thought they needed the right atmosphere and the right vibe and the power would flow and they would become full fledged witches. 

So with a warm hug and promises to call later that night, maybe have a sleepover at Tabitha's house, the two young wannabe witches parted ways for the evening. 

All Hallows Eve...Fifty years earlier... 

In the darkly shadowed sub-cellar, six witches gather in a semi-circle. Chanting in an ancient tongue, all of them naked save for hooded black cloaks. A seventh witch leads the chant. Rose Smith, a beautiful auburn haired, green eyed woman, also naked save for patent leather thigh high boots with high spike heels. Strapped around her waist, a viciously long, thick, black rubber cock. Ribbed and with a bulbous head, the shaft covered in oil. Her arms raised in supplication as the other six of the coven raise their chant to a fever pitch. 

The group of women in a semi-circle around a raised stone altar. The top carved with a pentagram, the sides etched with arcane sigils of diabolic nature. And spread eagle, chained to the altar, naked, a trembling young blonde. Gagged and chained down tightly, her arms and legs spread wide, tears running down her face. 

Stepping forth, Rose Smith moves up onto the altar, between the young girls spread legs. Kneeling, she places the tip of the brutal rubber cock to the entrance of the blonde's slit and begins her invocation. 

"Hear us, our dark Master, and heed our wishes," she says, as she eases the tip into the squirming girls pussy. 

"Accept this virgin sacrifice, Lord X'har, and grant us that which we desire," she intones. Her last word punctuated with a hard thrust of her strapon into the blonde's virgin pussy. Breaking her cherry in one hard thrust. The coven chanting louder, and more frenetic. 

As Rose Smith slid out, the virgin blood seeped onto the altar slowly, into the dark pentagram. With a smile, Rose stood up, looking down at the helpless girl as she sobbed. The chanting stopped, and all became silent. Every woman holding her breath, awaiting whatever may happen next. 

Slowly, a mist, a fog, begin to take shape. Filling the room along one wall, creeping towards the altar. A collective gasp came from the coven, as the realization of their summoning begin to manifest itself. The mist becoming as smoke, so thick as to be impenetrable. Through the silence of the room, came a deep, heavy, breathing. 

"Who dares awaken me?" came a guttural voice. Deep and threatening. Another gasp from the coven as two red and baleful eyes appeared in the thick grey smoke. "Who deems themselves worthy to invoke my presence?" the voice continued. A palpable presence filling the room with horror. Two of the coven cackling in terror and fainting down to the floor. 

"I dare to invoke you Lord X'har," Rose Smith said, a tremble in her voice. "Give to me that which I desire and accept this virgin as sacrifice," she finished. 

For an eternity, silence and the demon's deep breathing filled the chamber. Then it spoke, in nearly a joyous voice. 

"I require more, mortal, and I shall have more," he said. His presence still as yet, only the two red eyes glaring from the mist. In an instant, tentacles burst from the smoke, in all directions. Wrapping around six slender hooded necks, and snapping six slender hooded necks all at once. Their bones cracking like dry twigs in a dry forest. Pulling back, the tentacles retracted and all at once, the entire coven perished and disappeared into the mist. The hapless young blonde chained to the altar perished as well, her heart not up to the task of the horror she was witness to. 

Standing, naked save for her thigh high boots and strapon cock, Rose Smith prepared to die, her aspirations a fool's quest and her greed unfulfilled. Awaiting her fate, resigned, Rose prepared for damnation. The tentacles claiming the blonde from the altar, easily breaking the binding chains. Leaving Rose alone, facing the smoke and mist. 

Then a grin and a sneer came to her face, as a taloned, black as obsidian claw came from the mist. Around two fingers, two silver chains dangled. On each chain a pendant. One a sun, one a moon. Presented to her, as she grinned in evil glee. 

"The dark and light as one, the moon rules the sun," the voice said, as the claw tossed the talismans at Rose's feet. They fell with a jingle, and as slowly at it appeared, the mist and smoke faded. Leaving Rose Smith alone, chuckling, in front of the virgin blood stained altar... 

October 30th 

After a four hour drive into the mountains, and a quick stop at the last gas station for 30 miles before the forest wilderness, Tabitha and Jenna open the door to the old cabin. The musty smell assaulted their nostrils first thing, then the dusty smell of aged wood and old books. There were some tracks on the porch from a racoon or some such animal but on the whole the place looked undisturbed. Jenna looked around and Tabitha checked the mailbox, and both girls came up empty. They looked at each other and burst out laughing, a girl's weekend alone, a witching weekend alone, and Halloween to boot! 

"This is going to be easy," Jenna said, looking around the kitchen. The shelves neatly organized and tidy except for a bit of dust. Tabitha nodded in reply as she checked the fusebox, finding that the cabin still had power. The furniture was neatly arranged, a small television in the corner. 

"I hope you brought Netflix," Tabitha said, as she looked at the old tv set. "No way we're getting dish up here," she giggled. Jenna grinned and reached into her bag, pulling out a tablet with a few memory cards. 

"No need Tabz, I got ten hours of Gossip Girl and ten hours of Kim and Khloe," she giggled. Rolling her eyes Tabitha laughed and asked, "But do you have anything worth watching?" 

After some laughs and some looking around, the girls got to work. Cleaning and dusting about. Tabitha found a mop, and soon the hardwood floors looked shiny and new. Both girls wearing little shorts, halter tops, flip flops, and of course their favorite necklaces. 

Taking a break, Jenna looked at some pictures on the wall. "Tell me about your grandma Tabz," she said. Looking at one picture of the beautiful Rose Smith with a group of young, equally beautiful women. 

"I never really knew Grandma Rose," Tabitha said, as she was finishing up mopping the room. The only spot left was a section under a rug. "She passed on when I was still very young, under strange circumstances, so I'm told," she continued, as she put down the mop and bent over to move the rug. 

Putting down the photograph, Jenna bent down and helped Tabitha pull the rug over and roll it up. After they put the rolled up rug aside both girls looked at the floor. At a hidden trapdoor. Tabitha tilted her head and said, "Huh." Jenna looked at her and smiled, then both girls knelt down, opening the heavy wooden portal. 

Peering down, they saw a set of stairs leading to darkness. Tabitha looked at Jen and said, "You go first," with a laugh. Jenna looked back at Tabitha and both girls started giggling. Taking out their phones for light, they slowly and very cautiously started down the stairs. 

Getting to the bottom, they saw it wasn't so creepy. Just a basement. Looking around, Jenna found a single bulb hanging with a pull chain. Turning it on, Jenna and Tabitha looked around. 

"We're not cleaning this mess," Jenna said. The dust thick and the shelves full of cobwebs. Looking around, they found jars of preserves. All sorts of jars. More dusty old brooms, at least three of them, the old style of straw, were leaning in one corner. There were no windows to the outside, but there was a stack of old newspapers and a pile of old clothes. 

Looking to the other side, opposite the door, they found it. A chest, very heavy looking and made of some sort of solid dark wood. Bound with golden straps and the lid locked shut with an old style of padlock neither girl had ever seen before. 

"Do you think it's full of your grandma's treasure?" joked Jenna. Tabitha laughed but she was thinking the same thing. The heavy chest looked out of place and they both noticed it was unusually free of the dust that covered every other surface in the basement. 

"We need to find the key," Tabitha said. "I don't suppose you saw any old keys laying around upstairs?" she asked Jenna. The reply she got, of course, was a shrug. 

"We don't need a key," Jenna said with a wink. Taking a hairpin from her blonde tresses, she giggled. "I never told you, my uncle was a few things and a thief was one of them. He taught me a few tricks before he uh, went away," she giggled. Kneeling down, Jenna examined the lock. Tabitha just shook her head as she watched. 

It took all of two minutes for Jenna to pick the lock and it clicked open with a satisfying metallic pop. Looking at each other, both girls smiled. 

"We're gonna be rich," Jenna giggled as she tried to open the heavy lid. It took both girls using all their strength to finally lift it up, and when they did, both girls could almost swear it felt like the chest exhaled a deep breath. Like a breath that had been held for years, blowing out in triumphant escape. 

Looking down into the chest, Tabitha sighed and said, "I guess we're not going to be rich." Jenna giggled and held Tabitha's hand, replying, "Yeah, but it looks like your grandmother was a freak." 

In the chest, were less items than it would have held even it it were a tiny percentage full. The freak comment from Jenna was brought on by seeing a pair of black patent leather, thigh high, spike heeled boots. On top of them was a particularly long, thick, veiny, and realistic black strapon cock. That brought a giggle from both girls. 

Next to that lay a book bound with some kind of strange looking hide. From some kind of animal perhaps. No title or words on the cover save for some strange symbol neither girls recognized from any of their witchcraft books. And just there, on top of the book, two shiny silver chains. Each with a different pendant. A sun, and a moon. 
