 As she walked alone back to her own home one block away from her grandfather's where she was moments before, a presence was felt. She had just finished chatting with her boyfriend on Yahoo Messenger and was always horny after wards. She was on her way home to take care of that problem alone since her boyfriend lived in another state. Although barely a three minute walk, a lot could and would happen in that time. 

The presence could smell the aroma of sweat, lust filled pheromones and building fear comprised the liquid as she hurried her pace. Ah, nothing to worry about, after all she was eighteen and girls her age don't get kidnapped or assaulted, she thought. She had reached the end of the drive way leading to her home. Just as she breathed a sigh of relief she felt a bump then a sudden rush from behind her. Dazed from the hit, she was stunned to realize her arms were immobilized and she was rising off the earth. 


She began to regain sense and tried to scream. Upon her first exhale she was squeezed tighter pushing the air from her lungs and leaving her barely enough room to breathe let alone muster a scream. She rushed quickly skyward as she saw the earth below her get smaller. Southward toward the peak of the mountain she was carried as her mind now wondered, buy what or whom was she being carried. She wanted to turn her head but fear paralyzed the muscles in her neck. 

Suddenly she felt her stomach move upwards as she and her capture now plummeted towards the mountain peak below. As her feet were nearly at the ground she was let go but felt her shirt and bra beneath being ripped from her as the being ascended towards the heavens and left her to hit the ground and roll from the impact.

Scared, clad now only in a pleated jean skirt, she tried to get up and run. Once up she ran blindly thru the dark forest lit only by a sliver of a waning moon. Although released form its grasp she was not yet free of this being. As she ran she looked up in front of her and saw an abnormally large figure rise up from a crouching position, then another and another slowly rose and turn towards her. 

She felt a rush of wind behind her and felt her skirt tear and then felt the searing pain of a sharp object slice her skin below. Instinctively she tuned to see were this pain was coming from. Then another rush of air and a cut on her opposite thigh was produced thru her skirt in a similar manner. She turned quick enough to see a dark clothed figure fly up thru the trees and out of site. Standing back in the direction she started in , the forgotten figures ahead of her began moving. 

Their heads raised skywards and she could see they had muzzles which were now sniffing the moist summer air. She had seen enough shows on animal planet to know she was upwind of them and what scent had caught their attention. She stood there not wanting to run but hoping the winds would change and draw her bleeding scent away from the creatures. It was of no use one of the creatures flanking the largest in the center dropped his head and turned it directly at her. 

The little light produced by the crescent moon gleamed off its demonic yellow eyes as she knew it saw her. Time to run again. She turned very quickly and ran as fast as she could now leaving a blood trail behind her and pieces of denim material from the tears in her only scrap of modesty left, a tattered jean skirt.

The seven foot tall creatures resumed their dog like stances and began their pursuit. Running was of little use as quickly the beasts were upon her. One swipe of a clawed paw hit her on her left hip. The sharp talons tore her skin and came out but were caught on her skirt as she was thrown sideways to the ground. She hit the ground face first but was quickly pulled over on her back by her left arm. 

As she lay on her back her arms were clasped in a vice like grip and raised above her head and held together. During the same time her arms were being secured her ankles were now pulled apart and held close to the ground. The largest and clear leader of the beasts now hovered over her as it walked man like around its quarry. She tried to struggle but the snarling creature held her still. The leader degenerated his stance to an animalistic quadruped stance and began to inspect his catch with his nose. Warm drewl dripped over her naked breasts and stomach as he began to smell her. As he reached her panty-clad crotch it had just dawned on her she was scared beyond all belief but was still as sexually excited as she was when she left for her home. The beast also was quick to scent her arousal. His snout nudged her shivering pussy thru her moistened thong as she felt a tongue begin to cover her mound. Dissatisfied at the taste of silk the creature tore away the flimsy fabric with his glistening white teeth. Again his tongue probed her. 

How could she be feeling this as she knew her life was so clearly ear its end. Surely she can not be aroused. Again and again the lycanthratrope licked at a steadily increasing pace. Soon she could not help but raise her hips upwards to meet his licks. The powerful beast grasped her small waist and gained more leverage for its oral onslaught of her drenched pussy. The lycan holding her hands above her head released them and descended upon her breasts from the right side. this allowed her to reach down with her left hand and run it thru the beast's fur that was attending to her swelling clitoris. 

Her left hand reached over and stroked the back of the second wolf to join in the erotic scene. Although it looked course the fur she felt was finer than angora or even alpaca. Even though her pussy was being gently licked she felt the contrasting ruff handling of her upper body and fell deeper into a passion filled trance. Through her fear and anxiety she felt a familiar feeling begin to well up from with in the pit of her stomach. She tried to fight it but was powerless and the monster on her chest began to scratch and dig his claws into her breasts. 

It would lick then take an entire breast in its teeth, draw his head back until just the apex of her boob, a hard nipple was left in his mouth. "OOOOOOOWWE" she yelped as its teeth dug deeply into her nipple allowing blood to spill out in a small trickle. The upper most beast then made his way up to her neck and clamped down with his muzzle completely covering her throat and subduing the scream that yearned to come out. That was too much and her body began to convulse and her nether regions spasmed even more as her restrained orgasm reached the surface.

A muzzle now covered in human female cum lifted from between her legs and moved off to the side. The third creature holding her feet the whole time released one and roughly flipped her onto her stomach by the other. She looked up at the leader and noticed he had two large mounds on his chests. These were no mounds and he was a she-wolf. She had just been orally satisfied by a female creature and now this creature got down on all fours as the creature that had paid so much attention to Tara's breast moved in behind the she-wolf. 

The lady beast yelped as the male creature quickly plunged his rod deep within her. All of a sudden she felt her waist grasped and was pulled back and slightly upward by the third wolf. She then realized the she wolf would not be the only creature in the forest to be fucked tonight. 

From behind she felt him trying to line his huge shaft up with her small, even by human standards, vaginal opening. It took him little time and soon Tara felt the huge mass fill her insides. Her head flew back and her back arched as she was penetrated by this huge inhuman object. With no fore warning it began its preternaturally powerful thrusts into her small but now over-filled pussy. She tried to prop herself up on her arms but was quickly pushed to the ground by this tall creature's long arm. She felt two claw filled hands holding her upper body to the ground as the beast punished her wanton insides. 

Its right hand reached center ward and grasped her neck as his left paw drug itself down her back and rested on her left hip. She could feel blood oozing from the trail of four claw marks running the length of her back. Her lower back and abdominal muscles became the sole support of this massive 300 pound creature as it unbelievably pounded harder into her womb. Its weight now rested on the back of her neck as her face and chest were pusshed into the soil below. 

Again she felt an orgasm boiling from her deep insides. She managed to turn her head to see the she wolf clearly in a state of extreme bliss as she too was being brought to a dog fucked orgasm. The lycan fucking the petite human girl suddenly gave a few harder thrusts and began to spew its unholy seed deep inside her dripping pussy. This was more than the human girl could handle and felt her own orgasm breaking the surface of reality when suddenly the creature pulled out and the two next to her ran off in opposite directions. Out of breath and nearly exhausted she looked up. 

Through the mist she saw the three creatures reunite and gather near another figure. It was the dark figure that was responsible for her being here and for the wounds on her thighs and for the entire evening's events. She felt his voice resonate with an inhuman tone and depth. "Good job my pets; you have done well once again. I would like to let you continue but it is now my turn." 

Scared again for the first time since her body was seduced she wanted to get up and just run." You may rise but you will not be running my dear Tara." How did he know her name? His body seemed to turn to mist as it rapidly approached her. Now just inches from her she for the first time got a clear look at her six foot abductor as the mist in front of her began to solidify.

Stay tuned...