 The room was dark, the shades drawn and blinds shut despite it already being on the verge of midnight. It was better that way you figured, in case anything happened, and indeed it did. No one needed to see this. No one else was worthy of seeing this.

 The air was clear and then it wasn't. That was how it began: a bit of smoke on the air at the center of the diagram drawn in salt and wax upon the floor. Even before that point, the soft scent of burning candles and incense touched your nose. But then something else tickled your nose. Something different. Something promising of what would come.

 It was a familiar smell of course all things said and done. You'd smelled that same scent before on your fingers when you lay in bed and masturbated, thinking of another woman joining you there rather than just yourself reading a piece of erotica.

 A bit of smoke in the air where there should have been none, and then that oh so familiar smell of wet, pink, intimate excitement filled the air and graced your nostrils.

 You smiled and watched it unfold. There was no more ritual, no crescendo of chanting or sacrifices to be made. Those things were spectacle and showmanship with no relevance to the event at hand. Those were fantasy and superstition, but this, this was real and this was happening.

 The smoke poured out of empty space, like a ball of flame burning in the absence of gravity, flowing and bubbling like liquid. It filled the hemispherical confines of the circle drawn upon the floor, bound by your words, your will, and your stated desires.

 You smiled as the smoke or something contained within and beyond it issued a soft exhalation and a gasp of ecstasy. With that pronouncement of her arrival, the flowing smoke began to take tangible shape: a woman's form accreting from out of Hell, or simply out of your fantasies, and given tangible form.

 Belatedly you kicked aside your blouse, bra, panties, and skirt from where they'd pooled at your feet. You wouldn't need them when she arrived, and you'd only remembered their presence once you'd started to touch yourself as her body began to congeal. You'd undressed well before you'd finished the summoning ritual.

 Gods above and demons below, you were sopping wet even before she arrived to sate your deepest desires.

 A succubus. That's what she was.

 A succubus. One of Hell's temptresses. A whore of the Abyss. A demon harlot. All of those titles weren't titles so much as descriptors by men and women throughout history who lacked understanding of what those creatures they called to actually were. Even then you didn't know yourself what they actually were, and so descriptors would have to suffice.

 It wasn't all that difficult really. You simply needed to know the right words, the right gestures, and of course the correct summoning circle: a specific Goetic diagram not found in any of the mundane copies of the Lesser Key of Solomon floating about the internet, but one found in a private collection. The book wasn't something you acquired, not through normal channels, but that was something to worry about some other time. That's how it always was though. The book and its knowledge wasn't so much passed down or purchased from buyer to buyer, but somehow by chance or catastrophe, the book itself found itself falling into the hands of those willing to utilize it.

 There was also the price.

 There was always a price.

 Always.

 It seemed deceptively paltry at first: a drop of a woman's blood, your blood, from a fresh cut upon your left hand. A token of the greater price really. The book was infuriatingly vague about that compared to the elaborate detail on the summoning ritual itself and how much it promised, and it seemed to promise everything.

 You were lonely. You were smart but socially marginalized, half through society's biases and half through your own inability to play the same stupid game the monkeys around you played, chattering and making fools of themselves.

 No. You were better than them. You deserved something more. You deserved a partner who wouldn't judge you, who understood how you thought, who cared for you, who understood and appreciated your deepest desires.

 You would have such a partner even if you had to summon her, which of course was exactly what you were doing courtesy of the book in your right hand.

 The book itself wasn't wholly devoted to summoning a succubus: that was only one reference and corresponding ritual within its pages, one of the oldest and earliest such collected bit of forgotten magic. It was also in translation, with the original source text of course having been written in a dead and nearly forgotten dialect of either West Syriac or Palestinian Aramaic penned in repeating verse along the margins of a so-called demon bowl. They were pieces of pottery with magical spells (or more often gibberish written by illiterate artists) in a bowl filled with evaporated sea water and thus rimed with salt, buried at the corners of a home to ward away misfortune. This one was special. This one had contained actual power. This one had, as it had with others throughout history presumably, found its way into your hands, courtesy of the book that contained its words.

 You wanted a woman devoted to you and your desires. You wanted a woman to love you. You also had a kink for anything evil, and so a succubus seemed more than appropriate. The wording of course had been somewhat dubious:

 "Submission is purchased / A demon called to be / A succubus of the Pit / Something lost and everything gained"

 You hadn't spent much time considering that price. What did it matter? You only wanted what it seemed everyone else but you had. You deserved love too. And now, here she was.

 "God above you're beautiful..." You whispered as the smoke took tangible form, finally solidifying into the form of the succubus there in the summoning circle.

 Plucked from the depths of your fantasies, she was perfect. About your own height and deliciously curvaceous, the demon looked up at you with brilliant –luminous even– green eyes and licked a forked, serpentine tongue across plump lips. A pair of horns curled down to either side of her head, and her hair was a glossy black except for a bright purple streak on one side of her part. Perhaps to go with her horns, her ears protruded slightly to the sides, somewhere between pointed elves ears or those of a goat. Either way they were strikingly adorable, and that animalistic touch to her features was ever so enticing.

 She pressed her hands up against the barrier of the summoning circle and blew you a kiss, then licked against the invisible wall that separated her from you. Her saliva shimmered in the air, reflecting the candlelight as it smeared with a second lick. She was talented with that tongue of hers it seemed, and she yearned to use it on you.

 She called out in a language you couldn't understand except for your name.

 "I don't speak that tongue..." You replied and she nodded, and then pressed her tits against the barrier, showing off the silver rings that pierced each nipple and the delicate chains that ran between them both and down on either side to link to the third ring that dangled from her clitoral hood She was nothing if not decorated for your pleasure. "Speak to me in English demon. Do you have a name?"

 "Yes." She nodded, pinching her nipples before speaking a name in her unpronounceable tongue. "But you may call me Amber."

 "Amber..." You rolled the name over in your mind, thinking of whispering or screaming her name in the heat of passion. "I like that name. I like you as well demon."

 "Please allow me to play with you." She licked the interior of the barrier again, staring at your breasts and then between your legs longingly before she displayed her forked tongue again. God it would feel so good running across your clit.

 Finally taking note of her clothing, or lack thereof, you saw that she wore glossy purple latex stockings and opera gloves, as well as a collar around her neck with a heavy silver ring for a leash to be attached. You could only imagine putting her on a leash and taking her around your bedroom for a walk before pulling her into your arms and letting her worship your body.

 You deserved her.

 "Do you pay the price that draws me here?" She knelt on the ground and spread her legs, looking into your eyes as she asked her question and also at the same time began shamelessly fingering herself. "Please... I wish to be free of the circle and pleasure you. Please let me take your body."

 "Yes!" You shouted your answer without any hesitation.

 With a rush of wind and a smile upon the succubus's face the candles were snuffed and she crawled forward, flicking her tail side to side, swaying her hips and licking her lips. You lay back and spread your legs, holding out your arms for her.

 "Thank you..." Both of you whispered at once as she placed her hands on your thighs and began to pleasure you with her mouth. You stroked your hands through her hair and along the curve of her horns, holding them like handlebars and guiding her eager tongue to your waiting pussy.

 When you finally arched your back and screamed, you screamed her name, "AMBER!"

 You looked down at her as she lovingly kissed your labia once more before licking her wet, messy face clean of your juices with a hungry, worshipful expression. She wanted more, but you wanted to kiss her first.

 Gesturing her up and reaching down to take hold of the ring at her collar, you pulled her into a tangled, sweaty embrace, arms and legs entwined, breasts pressed against breasts, and her mouth upon yours. Your lips opened against hers, your tongue slipped past her teeth, and her tongue past yours, and you tasted yourself there in her mouth.

 When you broke the kiss you gasped for breath and brushed a tear of happiness from your cheek. The demon was already rubbing her pussy, wet and slippery with excitement against your thigh.

 "Oh Amber," You kissed her again with joy, "I'm so going to enjoy being your mistress."

 The candles reignited, flickering like soundless, invisible laughter.

 "Mistress?" The succubus bit her lower lip and blushed as if in response to an awkward, unspoken joke. "Oh no... you aren't my Mistress... I think you misunderstand..."

 For the first time that evening, Amber's eyes moved past your body, this time to a spot behind you.

 In your carnal lust and your desire for this beautiful, sinful being, you never noticed the second form bubbling into being ten feet behind you. You never saw the second demon clamber her way up from whatever carnal Abyss she ruled. You didn't see her claws rake furrows into the concrete floor or how she pleasured herself watching you and her pet cavort. Truthfully, her pleasure wasn't so much at watching the two of you fuck, but at the tangle of deceit playing out, manifest in the beast with two backs.

 "She's ready for you Mistress Gremory..." Amber smiled and touched herself, nodding to someone behind you.

 You turned around and stared into her eyes, twin lamplights from Hell, witnessing her smile, snarl, and laugh before she fell upon you.

 She's beautiful. That was all that you could think in that last moment when you could call yourself free. She embodied physical perfection in ways that you could have never imagined, with glowing, violet eyes swollen with both supernatural intelligence and preternatural sadism. Unlike her pet Amber, the succubus queen or demon lord displayed a subtle bestial nature, with clawed hands and feet and bat or draconic wings sprouting from her shoulder blades. Beyond the bestial however, she wafted an aura of control, majesty, and regalness. Ornate carvings traced their way along the curve of her horns, inlayed with gleaming silver, and her flesh flickered with iridescent patterns somewhere between tattoos and something more, sometimes there and sometimes not.

 "Beautiful..." She smiled, revealing a mouth of gleaming fangs there for a moment before they returned to but prosaic, normal teeth and then plump, painted lips obscured those as well. Her voice you noticed, it penetrated your mind as well as your ears. "And now precious mortal thing, you belong to me."

 In that moment everything changed.

 One of her hands grasped at your throat, constricting and lifting you up off of the ground with inhuman strength. Her other hand planted itself between your legs, her palm upon your mons and then with fluid, practiced ease, two overly long fingers slipped past swollen, well lubricated labia, penetrating you. You gasped in surprise and pleasure and she leaned in, planting her lips upon yours in an embrace you never knew could be so passionate.

 "Mine..." Her voice, seductive and poisonous echoed in your mind as her tongue forced its way into your mouth, down your throat, and then like an iron spike drove itself through your flesh and into your heart.

 In that moment, the mortal you died.

 The succubus queen Natalya let go and your body collapsed to the floor, a discarded piece of meat. She shrugged and brushed a claw at a stray strand of hair that wafted in an unseen, ethereal breeze before she hopped up, sitting on an invisible, immaterial chair, crossing her legs idly as she watched her handiwork begin as it had so many other times.

 Body and soul fused and you opened your eyes, aware of the changes now starting to progress in earnest under the watchful eyes of Demon Queen Gremory and her pet Amber.

 Horns sprouted from your head. Flesh, fat, and muscle sculpted themselves into a picture of immaculate health and vitality. A lithe, prehensile tail tipped with a heart-shaped spade blossomed from the base of your spine and began to flit about happily. Your breasts enlarged, gaining both size and firmness, and your body sculpted itself into an image of perfection, albeit not –your– concept of perfect, but that of the succubus queen that held a leash and collar soon to be attached to your neck.

 Your tongue elongated and forked like that of a serpent, tasting the air and smelling not only your own burgeoning excitement, but the perpetual lust of the two succubi flanking you.

 "She's beautiful isn't she?" Natalya spoke, smiling as she watched the changes in your body reflect those she crafted upon your soul.

 You blinked and your eyes glowed with an inner light and lust ignited in your heart along with a desire to be on your knees, worshipping and in turn being worshipped for now and all of eternity.

 "Mistress?" On your knees, you looked up at the succubus queen, your owner, your lover, your Mistress now and forever more. You wanted so badly to thank her for what she had given you. You wanted so badly to pleasure her. "I'm sorry that I didn't understand. I hope that I haven't disappointed you."

 "This was never about you gaining power foolish girl." Natalya-Gremory chuckled as she beckoned you to approach. "This was about gaining something yes, but in the end, the result was submission: eternal submission. Slavery not imposed from without, but freely handed over with a yearning, begging whisper."

 You crawled forward and extended your head. Behind you, Amber lifted your hair and kissed the base of your neck, helping as you offered yourself to her Mistress as she had eons earlier. The collar was warm and beautiful as Natalya fastened it upon your neck, sealing your pact and delivering yourself into her possession, care, and adoration.

 "So what are you both waiting for?" Natalya's tail pressed at your chin, lifting your gaze up to where she sat mid-air, with her legs spread and a drop of her honey beading at her pussy's nadir. "My pussy isn't going to eat itself."

 You licked your lips and crawled closer, side by side with Amber, eager to taste your mistress's unholy sacrament.

 Amber smiled and licked her lips before you both began your worship of the demon queen, "You're so going to enjoy being a succubus."