 It's tragic. I am deeply saddened when I heard the news. My favourite hunk, Hench, has gone.

I loved him. 

Hench is a very strong man. He's a huge muscular man, standing 6'9 and very lean - his body ripped with raw hard muscles underneath a very thin layer of taut skin. You can see his chest, abs and arm muscles rip and contract whenever he moves. He was a fighter - he masters all kind of martial arts and almost always won every fight he had. He's dark, being a mixed of Indian and Caribbean parentage and he's put a new meaning to the word HUNG. His manhood hangs 8 inches flaccid which grows to an enormous 14 inches when fully hard. 

Hench was always hungry for sex. He slept with 2 -3 women at any one time. Women loved him. I loved him. We loved him for his strength, never ending prowess and hunger, and for his massive cum loads. Now that he's gone, my heart is shredded with pain and longing.

I warned him. I did. I tried my best to persuade him not to accept the task. But the reward is so lucrative. No man can resist it. But I know it's not only the money that made him agree to accept the task...but the sexual perks and challenge that come with it.

Hench was my family's bodyguard...one of our many bodyguards. He was one of my favourites. They all stay in the mansion. They have their gym and accommodations within the mansion. They have their schedules - work and gym time. They are free to go wherever they want, do or be with whoever they want in their free time. Some of them accepted additional tasks/ jobs for additional money. All are acceptable as long as it was done during their free time.

*******

The last time I met Hench was at the gym, noon, about a month ago. He was on his back on the bench, pushing irons I bet heavier than my whole body weight. He was drenched in sweat. 

I remembered going to him and sit on his crotch while he bench press. 

He just let me. 

I can feel him hardening underneath me. 

He stopped lifting the iron, just to take his wet sweaty boxer off and nonchalantly went back to lift his irons. 

I rode him with eagerness and lust.

I rode him wild, while he ignored me and kept lifting the iron. 

I rode him wild to get his attention. 

I can feel him stiffening inside me.

I can feel his warm stiffness touching all parts of my feminine wall

.. but he just ignored me. 

That was when, while sitting impaled deep on him, I put both feet on his chest - my whole body weight on his lap and my feet trampling on his chest.

I arched myself back, both hands back holding his knees and thighs, and my feet on his chest and muscular abs, I humped myself up and down onto him with such ferocity that he began grunting. 

I wet myself and squirted hard, wetting his tummy and chest and soon enough, Hench roared and I felt pulsating injection of warm cum blasted inside me. 

It was after that, during our post-coital cuddling, when he told me that he had received an anonymous call for a dangerous mission. He was asked to infiltrate into a secluded private ranch. 

Online website of the ranch revealed that it's running some kind of sex service but who goes there or what's happened there nobody knows. 

There had been several 'murders' around the country involving rich, fit and famous men - all were found in gruesome condition at random places in the country. 

The authorities have no clue as to why or who did it but according to this anonymous caller, he/she has strong suspicion that it has to do with the ranch. 

All he has to do is to get into the ranch and went out again with valuable information.

I looked at the website with Hench that day.

SEX TO DIE FOR: SEX AND CHALLENGES AT THE SAME TIME: ONLY FIT STRONG REAL MEN SHALL APPLY.

Those words smacked on the home page, plastered with 3 sexy blonde girls in various poses in a barn. 

I know very well now why Hench was so eager to accept this mission.

Hench had been investigating for several weeks and the only way to attend to these "sessions" is by mailing - not e-mailing - but proper mail with stamp and all (who does that in this age..?) - his full frontal pic, his body profile (height, weight) and mobile number. 

I noticed under the 'Our Clients' tabs, photos of fit athletic and muscular men having sex, with blurred faces to ensure their confidentiality.

One of the men caught my eye - a tall black muscular man. He has a small scar at his right rib-side. 

I know I've seen that scar before.

It belonged to one of the missing person, a powerful basketball player for one of the clubs in the country. The scar is small and will be subtle to other's eye. The only reason why I noticed it is because I've slept with the man several times before. 

I told Hench about this and rather than scared him, he became much more excited and eager to go. He told me that he already applied for some time off to attend to these sessions. 

"Don't you worry baby. I'm gonna go in there, give them the pleasure of their fucking life," Hench said with a smirk.

Ugh..his arrogance!

********

That was the last time I saw Hench. 

The next week, I started to receive pictures in my mail (yup - not e-mail - but proper envelope and photos). 

The first envelope consisted of very short note: Look at this STUD. Strong, brave and arrogant. Everything we LOVE in a man.

..and 4 pictures: 

-Hench standing near the ranch gate, smiling, wearing his blue t-shirt and jeans, sweaty in the summer heat. With him, 2 gorgeous tall blonde girls at each side, smiling as well.

-Hench at the dining table, smiling while having his dinner - a perfect vacation pic. A blonde girl stood behind his chair with her one hand on Hench's right shoulder and her left hand, inside his shirt on his chest. The top three of his shirt button was opened. An image of the back of another blonde woman head is also seen on Hench's lap - her body hidden underneath the dinner table.

- Hench naked muscular body, drenched in sweat, lifting a huge tied bale of hay above his head, grimacing in arrogance and display of strength. His biceps bulged and his muscular chest and abs ripped. His muscular legs stand spread wide.

2 blonde girls, naked, on each of his side - one holding and licking his sweaty arms while another had her hands on his chest while her face near Hench's hairy under-arm, apparently sniffing or licking it. 

A third blonde seen squatting in front of Hench with her back on the camera, her head at Hench's crotch.

-The 4th pic, showing Hench lying naked, spread eagle, eyes closed, contentedly smiling. His body wet with mixture of sweat and loads of his cums. The 3 blonde girls are on their fours surrounding him, licking the cum on his chest, abs and huge hung semi-hard shiningly wet member. 

However, I noticed a strange difference. Something that made my heart jumps. I noticed that in the 4th pic, the girls nails are long, pointed and curved. I checked again and again - they were normal in the first 3 pics.

*******

2 days later, I received another envelope. Another short note read, "Awesomely strong STUD...the best we had so far. This STUD passed all his challenges!" 

With it another 3 pictures: 

-The first showing Hench all naked and sweaty in the mid-summer heat and sun, standing in the middle of the field. On his shoulders, sat a blonde, facing him, apparently his face buried on her womanhood. Both of Hench's hand lifted up supporting the blonde. 

2 blondes sat near his legs. 

One clinging to his left leg, with her face and huge boobs drenched with Hench's cum. 

Another, third blonde was sitting with her right hand holding the base of Hench thick 14" semi-hard cock. Her face, too, wet with cum. 

Both of these girls, their nails are long, pointed and curved.

-The second pic showing Hench naked and sweaty, on the field, grimacing as if in hard work, with an ancient iron plow tied to his muscular body - it's obvious that he was the stallion pulling the plow. His black muscular body glistened with sweat. 

But that's not all. 

On his shoulder sat the blonde girl, but this time facing forward. In her hand a whip. Her legs dangling on Hench's chest.

Another blonde was tugging Hench's very erect, monstrous member. Her hand appeared blurred due to motion; most likely she was hand-jobbing Hench's cock at that time. 

The third blonde was walking next to Hench, her hand on his chest and she was kissing his arm. This picture most likely precedes the pic above and in this pic, their nails are normal.

-The 3rd pic showed Hench lying with both hands behind his head. His eyes were closed and he was lying on the dirt on the field itself. He was very sweaty and looked spent. The 3 blondes are still there. One blond stooped near Hench's face, holding her left breast onto Hench's lips as if suckling him. 

Another blond is seen licking his chest with her hand in her womanhood and the third blond is pictured sucking on the flaccid-looking Hench's manhood. 

What I noticed in this pic brought shivers to my spine. The eyes of the blondes are red with no pupil...just red. 

I was so disturbed...so worried. 

But strangely, I was so TURNED ON. 

Looking at the pictures of my love Hench, in his magnificence and ultimate display of physical and sexual prowess, was more powerful than watching porn. 

I can't help getting moist and my desire groaning for release. With all 7 pictures of Hench, I began touching myself, gently caressing my breasts and tummy while thinking of the possible scenarios in the ranch. 

I know I should have been worried, I know I should have alerted my family or the authorities...but they will take these pics away. It's mine. It's Hench and Hench is mine.

I started moaning and murmuring Hench's name, my body writhing to my own touch, fantasizing it was Hench's and not long, while staring at Hench's picture pulling the plow, I reached the most heavenly orgasm I've ever achieved before. I kissed all the pics and fall asleep.

*******

I received the last enveloped 2 days later. 

There is just a note this time: 'Log in our website: at 1400hr: Password: The STUD.' 

At 2pm, in the privacy of my room, I logged into the website and punched in the password. 

It's a live streaming and there is Hench. 

He was in the back-ground, totally naked, glistened with sweat, performing push-ups and sit-ups. I watched intently and noticed that he was doing 15 push-ups followed by 15 sit-ups, with few seconds resting in between but he kept doing it in cycle. 

The 3 blondes appeared a moment later on the cam holding a large card. 

The ultimate challenge: CUM into our mouths, feed us, one by one within 30 minutes. 

They hold the card in front of the camera, giggling like a bunch of stupid bimbos and started to take off their clothes. 

Hench was sitting, panting breathless in the back-ground, watching them, smiling. 

They stood surrounding him and began touching (fondling really) his sweaty body all over with their hands, their feet and their body.

Faintly, I can hear their voices;

"Can you do that stud??...Cum 3 times for each of us in 30 minutes..?" the first blonde seductively said while wiggling her bosoms 

"You are so strong. You passed all your tests. I know you can feed us baby," cooed another blond while rubbing her perfect tits teasing on Hench's face.

"I'll try babes. Don't go fucking worry. I'll feed you full babes," Hench replied huskily. 

That deep masculine voice. So arrogantly confident.

"We want fast, fast, fast stud...The faster the better...ok...?" purred another blond while holding Hench's hand onto her womanhood.

..Ultimate challenge...

..cum into mouth one by one..

..normal nails..

..long sharp pointy nails..

..suddenly it snaps..!!

These girls turn non-human upon contact with cum...!

It has to be! 

I got to warn Hench. He mustn't cum on these girls. 

No! Where's my mobile?

In the video, Hench already started humping one of the blondes. The time showed: 8 minutes. 

Then I heard it...!..Grunting...!. He cummed..!

I looked at the video and saw it..!

He was cumming inside her pussy and pulled it out while still spurting, onto her body and breasts. She was licking it, picking it up with her fingers and licking her fingers too..

Then another blond jumped and pushed Hench aside. At the height of his orgasm, he fell on his back spread eagled. 

The blond jumped onto him almost immediately and straddle his face. 

She forced herself onto Hench's face and turned to face his legs. 

With such ferocity, she gobbled onto the softening 14" cock and started sucking it back to life.

The third blond was just fingering herself. 

But the first blond started to change. Her eyes are red now and her nails are long and sharp. She just lied there still licking the cum on her fingers.

Trembling I reached for the mobile and ring Hench.

"Answer it please," I whispered to myself.

The time : 18 minutes. 

Hench was humping so wildly. 

He's racing to cum 3 times in that 30 minutes.

I know he wanted to win...he always does.

"No Hench please! Answer the phone! Don't do it this time please," my heart kept on praying.

Then I saw it. Hench arched his muscular body back, his body awkwardly shook and he cummed again.!

Huge load of cum spurted all over the 2nd blonde's face, breast and body.

And as earlier, this time the 3rd blond, stood and jumped towards Hench, while he was still spurting his final cum, and pushed him to his back again. 

And she put the tired but still hard cock into her pussy and rode him so violently rough. 

Hench was grunting so loudly ... in both ecstasy and pain.

They had been having all these challenges and sex for the past 4 days..

..and every time, Hench was made to cum loads and fell asleep, knackered for several hours, 

..in the dining room, in the barn, on the field, every night before sleep in their rooms.

Hench was a powerful man. His huge cock still able to get hard but it's aching now.

I could see him grimacing and grunting.

I called him again.

"Come on..! Answer it ..! It's 25 minutes now," I prayed and prayed.

Then I saw Hench reached for his mobile with his left hand, while still on his back, spread eagled with the 3rd blonde riding him.

"Hench? Hench? Please! Stop it. Stop it Hench!" I shouted.

"Aarhh! Arghh! Anna.? Aargh," Hench replied.

"What the fuck? Arghhh! Not so rough bitch!" Hench grunted again.

"Hench? No! Please! Dont cum! I can see you on stream," I tried desperately to get his attention.

"What? Arghh! Arghh! Take it bitch..!" grunted Hench.

"They're not human! Your cum will turn them to demons!" I warned him.

"What the hell you saying..! Ahh! Ahh!" 

"Shit! I'm close!! Take it bitch!" 

"Hench..! Stop! Please!" I begged.

"Aggh! Yeah! You like it don't you!" Hench arrogantly grunted,

"You want my cum? Aggh! Aggh! Take it! Take it bitch! Aghh!" he shouted.

"HENCCHHH! HOLD IT!" I desperately shouted. "LOOK AT THE OTHER 2 BLONDES! LOOK AT THEM!"

"Agghh! Aggh! Ohh! Fuckkkk! I'm so close" Hench grunted again and again.

"HENNNCCHH..!" I shouted on the phone.

"Yahh! Yahhh! Take it! Take it...bitch!" 

"Lemme feed ya. Aggh! Aagh! Aghh!" grunted Hench.

"HENCH! LOOK TO YOUR RIGHT!" I shouted in despair. My body trembling - but wet?

Hench turned his head and look at the 2 blondes,

-but his hip still thrusting up and down deep into the third blonde.

"FUCKING SHIT! AGHH!" Hench shouted

HE CUMMED...!

And at that instant, the third blonde who was riding Hench lifted her hands and the nails can be seen grew sharper and longer.

The other 2 blondes crawled and set to pounce like a cat!

Hench struggled to sit up. The blonde sitting on his lap is making it hard for him to move.

His chest and abs rippled as he tried to sit up.

And then the 2 blondes pounced toward Hench.

And the cam went out..!

And all that I can hear was Hench deep voice screaming...

The shouts kept going on for minutes, with sound of things thrashed and crashed. I knew there was a big fight.

And with that, strangely, without me realizing it, I suddenly orgasm - with my fingers deep inside my wet womanhood...!

In my panic, I don't even realized I was turned on, fingering myself all these while, as I watched and talked to Hench.

Now I'm having blast and blasts of orgasmic convulsion - at the sound of Hench's final scream.

And then it all went quiet...

******

2 days later. We received the news. 

Hench body was found - tied spread eagled on the entrance gate of OUR mansion. His muscular body severely wounded and shredded as if being clawed by a lion or a tiger or by a very sharp huge fork.

His cock was soft and limp but still a thick 8 inches. It was perfect, not mutilated, not a single cut or wound, perfectly beautiful. Dry cum coated the bulbous head of his cock.

My phone rang.

"Hello..?"

"We hope Empress is happy?" ask a girly seductive voice.

"Summoned us Empress," cooed another voice.

"Send us more please," purred another.

And my eyes glowed red.