 (Author's note: this story deals with some very gritty and harsh subject matter. This is not for those looking for a straightforward sex story. There are many themes that some people might find objectionable, but to reveal them might give away parts of the story prematurely. If you continue reading, please keep this warning in mind.)

(This is the first of an eight-part series.)

Part One

Talon stretched painfully as he sat at the desk in the spacious apartment's living room. He cracked his neck, then his back, then his knuckles. For a moment, he looked away from the laptop before him, admiring the decorations of the small abode. Posters from dozens of movies dating back nearly twenty years competed with the purloined menus from equally as many restaurants for space upon the walls. He liked the look of the comely abode which he had called home for more than four years. In all that time, it had gained its own personality, becoming as eclectic and unique as its inhabitants.

"What're you working on?"

The masculine, but naturally lilting voice drifted from the bedroom doorway behind him. Talon smirked as he settled his fingertips to the laptop's keyboard. "Just posting on one of my forums," he responded.

He heard the faint swish of feet upon carpet behind him, but did not turn to acknowledge it. Instead, he continued typing, until a pair of slim-fingered hands settled briefly to his shoulders before sliding down his bare torso. Slender yet muscular arms settled against his chest. His eyes fell to the detailed ink of the rattlesnake tattoo coiled around the right arm, which exactly matched the design on his own.

Talon breathed in, instantly feeling a twinge of arousal. "Thorne," he muttered, trying to continue his typing. "Not now."

A dark but seductive chuckle sounded in Talon's right ear as a smooth-skinned face slid alongside his own. "I want," was all that was said.

Talon faltered in his typing, closing his eyes as he relished the feel of those familiar, talented hands gliding across his chest and abdomen, before they delved further and brushed through the close-cropped nest of dark hair above his penis.

"Can't you, um—" He paused a moment, clearing his throat. "Can't you give me just a minute?"

The hands suddenly retreated, the smooth faced disappeared. But it was only the briefest of respites before the owner of both stepped into view on Talon's right side. He stood at the corner of the desk, waiting.

Talon could not help but look. The slender man was in obscenely good shape. Uniformly alabaster skin glowed beneath the soft light of the room's lamps. Thorne's face was as if chiseled from the same block as that which Michelangelo had carved David, replete with dark curls about the head. Beneath that, the toned body was smooth and strong, with not an ounce of hair to be shown, not even around the base of the impressive, uncircumsized penis, which angled out and down in a state of casual arousal.

Talon grinned, instantly forgetting his online activities as he beheld the beautiful, hairless figure before him. He was mesmerized by the sight of such smoothness around Thorne's genitals. Acting on impulse, he reached out to caress the silky shaft and hairless testicles beneath. Thorne responded with a deep, emphatic sigh, parting his thighs.

"How'd you get it so smooth?" Talon asked. "There's, like, no stubble."

"That new epilator I got off eBay," Thorne responded, pushing his hips out to encourage further caresses of his genitals. His cock swelled, and was soon jutting out at full mast. "Fuck, that feels good."

Talon chuckled. "Okay, you win," he said, then rose. He cupped Thorne's face and kissed him sensuously, making them both moan. "Let's go to bed, brother."

* * * *

Making love to my twin brother is like making love to myself, Talon thought as he settled atop Thorne in a sixty-nine. He sighed as his stiffened cock slid past his identical twin's lips before he lifted his brother's penis, admiring it for a moment before tucking it into his own mouth. Muffled moans of satisfaction issued from both their throats as they settled into a practiced rhythm.

Talon loved the way the smooth, bulbous pink head of his brother's cock slid across his tongue toward the back of his mouth. The sensations Thorne elicited with his own oral ministrations were equally heavenly. The more his brother sucked him, the more aroused and aggressive he became with his attention upon Thorne's cock.

For many long, sublime moments, the incestuous pair serviced one another, each of them bucking, each of them sucking, neither willing to let go of the stiff phallus trapped within his mouth. Fingertips danced and raked across smooth, pale skin. They murmured and gasped, sucked and swallowed. The passion they held for one another became more and more ardent with each passing moment.

Finally, Talon felt his brother's cock swell to full rigidity, a sure sign of impending release. Sucking voraciously, he pumped his mouth up and down, even as he undulated his hips, spearing Thorne's mouth over and over. When the heated rush of fluid sluiced over his tongue, inundating his senses, Talon came as well, pouring his seed into Thorne's mouth.

For several blissful moments, the fair-skinned brothers writhed and moaned, savoring and swallowing the fruits of their deliciously incestuous labors. As twins, they instinctively knew how to prolong each others' orgasm without making it painful, and tenderly sucked one another until both young men were soft.

Only then did Talon roll off his brother's body, panting and spent, the gritty flavor of Thorne's semen lingering in his mouth as he stared at the ceiling in post-erotic bliss. He licked his lips and smiled sublimely, knowing that he could never enjoy a better lover than his own twin.

* * * *

Kaylee looked herself over in the mirror. I'm putting too much effort into this, she thought as she scrutinized her makeup. She leaned in, wiping away a bit of mascara from the edge of her left eye. Fuck it, she told herself. This is good enough for a one night stand.

She straightened and sighed. God, I look like a tramp. She considered changing the shimmering gold blouse -- beneath which her braless breasts, though of average size, were conspicuous -- for something less eye-catching. She liked the black tights, which showed off her toned legs and firm, round ass, as well as the black leather ankle boots which flared out in homage to classic eighties fashion.

Maybe the white blouse? she thought, taking a step toward the walk-in closet of her apartment. But she stopped herself with a chastising thought. No. If you're gonna do this, you're gonna go all the way. You want this. Fuck, you need this. Just one night of anonymous sex with some hot guy you don't even know and will never see again . . . yep. The perfect thing to get over Jesse.

With a last, apprehensive look in the mirror, she flicked off the light and left the bathroom.

* * * *

Had she entered on her own, Kaylee would most likely have turned about and returned to her car the moment she stepped into the nightclub. It had been almost two years since her departure from the madcap modern dating scene, for which she had been immensely grateful.

But she was not alone.

"Gonna be great, girlfriend!" shrieked her best friend Leticia, maintaining an iron grip on the willowy brunette's arm as they threaded their way through the sea of bodies. Leticia's vicarious excitement for her friend's return to the meat grinder of the social scene was almost annoying for Kaylee.

"You gonna find some hunky stud, mix it up on the dance floor -- use them moves, baby! -- then take him back to the love pad and rock his fucking brains out!"

Kaylee rolled her eyes, reevaluating her decision to go out for the hundredth time. God, this is such a fucking mistake, she quietly lamented.

A couple of strong mixed drinks served in purple fluted cylinders later, however, and Kaylee's reservations were melting away. Despite having added a few pounds during her now failed relationship, she remained a lightweight when it came to alcohol. Her inhibitions were slowly draining away, but not yet enough to give in to the numerous invitations -- most from drunken men who slurred their way through clumsy come-ons -- she endured.

"Oh, come on, girlfriend, that boy was hawt!" Leticia exclaimed after Kaylee had turned away the most recent potential suitor. For herself, Leticia very prominently and proudly flashed her recent engagement ring to any brave fellow who deigned to proposition her. Her role was clear: she was here for Kaylee, not for herself.

Kaylee shrugged, sipping the last of her second drink. "I didn't like his cologne."

Leticia fixed her friend a look. "Who the fuck cares about cologne when you're sucking a guy's balls?"

The brunette grimaced. "What if he puts it down there, too?" she challenged. "Some guys do, you know. Then I gotta smell it and taste it. No thanks."

Her friend huffed in exasperation. "Okay, girl, I get it: you ain't too thrilled about putting the pussy on parade. But fuck, Kaylee, you been sitting home every Friday night eating Cherry Garcia and watching that same old lame-ass movie--"

Kaylee glared. "It's not 'lame-ass,'" she countered defensively. "So what if The Princess Bride is, like, my favorite movie of all time?"

Leticia gazed up at the dark ceiling of the nightclub, as if seeking strength from some higher power that hovered somewhere beyond. After a moment, she leveled her eyes on her friend. "Look. Jesse seriously fucked you over. He did some trashy little bitch--"

"Thanks for reminding me, Dr. Phil," Kaylee interrupted sourly.

"--and now you're thinking you ain't all that anymore," Leticia continued, unperturbed. She laughed ironically. "Which, obviously, is a bunch of fucking bullshit, since you been getting so many eyes since you waltzed that tight little booty of yours in here."

Kaylee looked dejected. "It's not that easy, okay?" She breathed out heavily over her drink. "I can't just . . . fuck some random dude. I gotta . . . feel something, know what I mean?"

Leticia softened. "Okay, I get that," she said with an empathetic nod. "Hey, look. If you wanna go, we can go. It's no big deal."

Kaylee shrugged, stirring the last bits of slush in her glass. "Go get me another drink," she ordered with a rakish smile. "I'll think about it."

* * * *

Amid another round of drinks, random self-admonishment and self-pity, Kaylee finally got all of her frustrations off her chest. ". . . all this time, he's telling me he likes my tits, there's nothing wrong with them . . . and what does he fucking do? Bang some fucking stripper with the fakest fucking balloon tits this side of Taylor Swift!"

Leticia laughed uproariously, slapping her hands to the tiny table between them. "Tell it, girl!"

Kaylee grumbled, took another sip of her drink. As she had done several times during the previous several minutes, she stole quick glances toward a particular corner of the horseshoe-shaped bar. "Hey," she said, garnering her friend's attention.

Leticia leaned in, inebriation obvious upon her colored cheeks. "What."

The brunette nibbled her lip a moment, smiling around the tip of her straw. "Don't get your hopes up, and don't look, but . . . I think the guy at the end of the bar's been checking me out. And I think he's kind'a hot."

Leticia instantly whipped her head around. "What? Who? Where?" After a few moments, she returned her attention to her now-glaring friend.

"I said, 'don't look.'"

Leticia chuckled. "Okay, girlfriend. I promise I won't look. Where is he? What's he look like?"

Kaylee's eyes darted toward the end of the bar, catching glimpses through the moving throng of party-goers. She couldn't help but smile. "He's at the far end of the bar," she said. "Kind'a skinny, thick black hair, fucking sexy-ass eyes . . . ."

Leticia cackled. "Oh, listen to you, girl!" she exclaimed. "Go for it! Go get him!"

But the slender brunette blushed. "I don't know," she began, and then her face fell. "Shit. He's gone."

A sly smile spread across her friend's face. "You said thick dark hair and to-die-for eyes?" she asked.

Kaylee read Leticia's face, noting the other woman's gaze was fixed on something behind her. She turned, seeing the same man she had been stealing glimpses of, approaching cautiously.

Leticia leaned across the table. "Oh, he's a cute one," she said, then slipped off the bar stool. "You have fun, now."

Alarm flooded Kaylee's face. "What? You're going? Wh--" She sputtered with sudden unease as her friend strode away. Heat flooding her cheeks, Kaylee stared down at her half-finished drink, afraid to focus on anything -- or anyone -- else.

"Excuse me."

She looked to her left. The man with the gorgeous eyes now stood beside her. He wore a white silk shirt with the top couple of buttons undone, revealing a smooth, athletic chest. Naturally dark lips contrasted with both his pale skin and thick, shaggy black hair. In any other situation, Kaylee would have assumed such a man to be gay.

He raised his hand and smiled disarmingly. "If you're going to shoot me down, just get it over with."

Kaylee gave a blushing smile. "Is it that obvious?"

He shrugged. "Well, when a beautiful woman turns away every single guy who approaches her, it kind'a makes a man nervous, you know?"

her eyes drifted down his body. Nice jeans, she thought. Just tight enough to show off your package. Assuming it's not a rolled-up sock, anyway. "Not too nervous, obviously," she said as she returned to his eyes.

He grinned. "I figured I'd take my chances. Can't be any worse off than I already am, right?" He offered a hand. "My name's Thorne."

She hesitantly accepted his hand with a dubious look. "'Thorne?'" she asked.

He stooped briefly to kiss her fingers, then straightened with a wry smile. "Yeah, I know. Sounds like some nickname from West Side Story or some shit," he said. "But it's really my name. Wanna see my driver's license?"

Kaylee chuckled. "No, that's okay."

He gestured to the vacant seat. "May I?"

She pursed her lips in thought. The fact that Thorne was gorgeous she could not dispute. But Jesse had been a hunky stud, and she did not want to get caught up in a similar situation. But then, if all I'm gonna do is fuck . . . .

"Sure," she said.

His smile broadened as he took the chair. "Okay, step one accomplished."

"What's step two?"

Thorne shrugged. "I have no idea. I didn't think I'd get this far."

His humility made her chuckle, and for the first time in months, she felt a slight twinge of arousal in the pit of her stomach.

* * * *

The witching hour of midnight resulted in a flood of patrons to the nightclub. The cacophony of the music and conversational din flooded over the burgeoning couple as they talked, making them lean closer across the small table between them, faces mere inches apart, just so they could be heard.

"I can't hear what you're saying!" Kaylee blurted at one point with a laugh.

Thorne grimaced, looking around at the oppressive crowd surrounding them. They had both been jostled several times as partiers crowded the nearby bar. "Hey!"

"What!"

"Why don't we go somewhere else?"

Kaylee stared at him for a moment. This was the tipping point, she knew. She could not deny the insistence of her libido, which had been sparked, then fanned, then fueled into a full-blown inferno the more she spoke with Thorne. The fact that she wanted sex was not up for debate. But, was she willing to give in to this gorgeous, smooth-talking, well-dressed man?

Heartbeats passed. Kaylee found herself licking her lips. The alcohol she had consumed made her braver than she would otherwise have been. She answered with a nod and a coy smile.

Thorne smiled back, slipping from his chair and extending his hand. Kaylee took it and settled her feet to the floor. She swayed for a moment as the rush of inebriated blood coursed through her. But Thorne was quick to steady the young woman with an arm around her waist, and he guided her through the shoulder-to-shoulder crowd toward the door.

Once outside, the cool air and sudden freedom of movement made them both emit gratified sighs. Fanning away the cloud of cigarette smoke from a dozen or so nearby smokers, They made their way to the parking lot, with Kaylee taking out her phone on the way. The sudden clarity of the air as welcoming.

"I gotta tell my friend I'm leaving," she said, even as she started tapping on the screen.

"Sure," Thorne said with a smile.

Kaylee paused, looking up at Thorne. "Um . . . where are we going?"

He took a step past, then turned and faced her. "It's your call," he said. "We could, uh, grab something to eat, hit a little coffee bar just up the street, or . . . ."

Kaylee arched an eyebrow. "Or?" she prompted.

He smiled rakishly. "My hotel's just down the block," he said, punctuating his statement with a suggestive look.

Again, the willowy brunette blushed. She sucked in her lips a moment, contemplating her options. The fog of alcohol parted only for the desires of her Id. "Can I be honest with you?"

Thorne cocked his head. "Haven't we been all night?"

She smirked. "Okay, but, what I meant was, um . . . ." She trailed off, unsure of how to say what was on her mind.

He reached out and touched her cheek, brushing his thumb along the soft skin beneath a hazel-hued eye. "Before you say anything else, can I just tell you that I think you're incredibly beautiful?"

Briefly, Kaylee felt her knees wobble. She emitted a strained sighed. "Oh, God, don't say things like that," she said in a quavering voice.

"Why not?"

She huffed and stepped back. "Because I . . . I mean I'm not looking . . . I don't want . . . I mean, I just wanna . . ." She expelled deeply in frustration. "Fuck!"

Thorne chuckled. "Okay, I can do that, too."

She looked back at him and let out a short, rude laugh. "Are you looking for a girlfriend?"

Thorne licked lips which had become somewhat dry from the two cocktails he had imbibed. "You want me to be honest?"

She nodded vehemently. "Yeah."

He shrugged. "I'm not sure," he said. "I know I like you, and I'm not gonna lie and say I haven't been undressing you all night with my eyes, but . . . if this is gonna be a 'first date' kind'a thing, I'd be willing to go the distance."

Kaylee smiled sweetly. "God, why can't all guys just be honest like that?"

Thorne laughed. "'Cause if they were, I wouldn't have a chance?"

She echoed the laugh, then suddenly stepped close, nearly pressing her body to his. Her eyes, despite being dulled by alcohol, blazed fiercely. Her expression was one of seductive sincerity. "You have a chance," she breathed. "Look. I don't know if I want another relationship right now. I got fucked over by my ex and I'm feeling kind'a shitty about myself. But I do know . . . ."

He lifted a hand and smoothed back a few strands of thick, curly brown hair from her face. "What do you know?" he asked, powerful dark eyes staring down into hers.

She trembled slightly. Blush rose hotly to her cheeks. "I know I wanna fuck you," she said at last.

He smiled, then lowered his head and lightly, wetly, slid his lips across hers. "My hotel it is, then," he whispered.

* * * *

Thorne fumbled with the pass card at the lock to the hotel room door, finally sliding it in the right way as Kaylee giggled like a schoolgirl beside him. Once the little green light flashed, he shoved the door open with his foot while gathering the now-eager brunette in his arms. She laughed and sighed amid heated kisses as he carried her into the room. Whatever reticence she may have harbored earlier was now gone.
