 (Author's note: this story deals with some very gritty and harsh subject matter. This is not for those looking for a straightforward sex story. There are many themes that some people might find objectionable, but to reveal them might give away parts of the story prematurely. If you continue reading, please keep this warning in mind.)

(This is the fifth of an eight-part series.)

Part Five

"Holly, honey, you look damn good, girl."

She stepped back from the mirror, holding the mascara brush in one hand, admiring her work. Her face had that perfect, even ebony tone she was always striving for. Her lips were the ultimate shade of dusky red. Her hair was silky and shimmering, a glossy shade of jet with well-placed blonde highlights.

Holly grinned at herself. "Ain't no boy in the world wouldn't wanna fuck you, girl," she told herself. She set down the mascara brush, adjusted her breasts within the snug-fitting Victoria's Secret bra. Not that she truly needed them, as her breasts were the result of implants rather than genetics. Fine-boned hands slid down dark and toned skin toward a crotch covered with silky red panties. She pressed a couple of fingers against her groin, then shifted. And shifted again. She grimaced.

"Damn it," Holly grumbled, pulling the panties aside. A flaccid penis and smooth, hairless balls dangled down a moment before she tucked them back under. After rearranging her panties, she smiled once more upon her reflection. "That's better."

The smart phone on the edge of the vanity trilled and glowed. She touched it with the pad of a long-nailed finger, and smiled at what she read in the text message.

"Calm down, boy, you're gonna get me soon enough," Holly commented. She licked her lips. "For two hundred dollars, you're gonna get everything you want." She laughed suddenly. "Two hundred dollah, I make ya hollah!"

* * * *

Holly waited several seconds after knocking on the hotel room door. She smoothed her hands down along the mini-dress, working out whatever wrinkles may have accrued simply from walking. Then the door opened. She smiled professionally.

"Hi, honey."

Talon let his eyes wander over the figure before him. He had to admit, "she" was certainly passable. Had he passed Holly on the street, he would have thought her a woman born.

He licked his lips. "Damn," he breathed. "You look better than your pics on Craigslist." He pushed open the door and stepped aside.

"Why thank you, honey," Holly responded as she sashayed past the young man and into the room. She went as far as the end of the queen-sized bed, looking about as she always did for signs of the vice squad. She turned back, giving Talon a direct look. "You said you're just in town on business?"

Talon closed the door and locked it. He gave a nod as he turned to the dark-skinned transsexual. "Couple times a month, my company sends me here. I'm a tech rep."

Holly cocked her head. "And you like T-girls," she said with a coquettish smile.

Talon made himself blush and scratched the back of his head. "People I work with, they're pretty tame. Conservative, I mean. Their idea of 'freaky' is road head."

Holly licked her lips. "Mmm. I love giving road head," she declared. "But then, I love sucking cock no matter where I am. I did it once in a movie theater, and probably a dozen other people saw me doing it. Really turned me on."

Talon grinned. "I bet," he said. "Wow. In a theater. That's pretty hot."

Holly chuckled, sitting upon the edge of the bed. She effected a haughty look, like that of a sexual master before a naive young student. "Anything, everything, anywhere," she said. She pursed her lips, letting her gaze travel up and down Talon's lean frame. "You're goddamn sexy."

Talon blushed again. "I don't hear that much," he said sheepishly, approaching the way a gazelle might approach a tigress. "Wow. You're really hot."

Holly shifted into business mode. "Well, first things first, honey," she said. "We agreed on a certain something."

Talon nodded. "Right," he said, digging into his pocket. He came up with a neatly-folded stack of twenty-dollar bills, which he held out for her. She took them with a sly smile, counted, then tucked the wad of cash into her handbag which she then set on the floor.

"So, Bobby," she said, using the name she had been given during their previous emails. "What you wanna do with me?"

Talon smiled slowly, a sudden darkness crossing his face. His eyes flickered past the black transsexual, as Thorne appeared from behind the hotel room's drapes along the far wall, a cloth in hand as he approached the "woman" stealthily.

"Nothing you're going to enjoy," he intoned, just as Thorne pounced, wrapping a strong left arm about Holly's shoulders and smothering the cloth around her mouth and nose.

* * * *

June sat up in bed, staring at the banal infomercial on the TV. The faint fragrance of sex lingered in the air, but it had been hours since she and Sophie had made love. On any other occasion, relaxed sleep followed any bout of lovemaking between them, and June would not awaken until the alarm on her phone went off at half past six in the morning. But on this night, she was troubled by dark thoughts and images.

The stirring of her partner did not register as June numbly switched the channels, looking for something – anything – to occupy her mind. But even with hundreds of options, nothing could banish the twisted images that plagued her mind.

"June?"

The sound of her love's voice garnered her instant attention. She glanced to the sublime redhead beside her as the woman reached out, still half asleep, to caress June's nude body. She caught Sophie's hand and clutched it tightly.

"Sorry, babe. I didn't want to wake you."

Sophie made the effort to sit up. Her auburn hair was a tangled mess about her face, but she still looked uncompromisingly gorgeous. "No, it's okay," she murmured, leaning against June's bony shoulder. "What'cha watching?"

"Nothing," June replied, flicking to another channel. The images of kittens playing filled the screen, accompanied by a voice-over of a man describing their actions in anthropomorphic terms.

"You okay?"

June ground her teeth. She let the hand holding the remote fall to her lap. "Just having trouble relaxing, that's all," she said, then raised her other hand to pet Sophie's soft hair. "Go back to sleep."

But the redhead shifted, sitting up more fully, her eyes becoming more lucid. She looked upon her lover with concern. "Something's really bothering you," she observed. "You've never had insomnia before."

June grimaced. "It's nothing."

"No, it's not," Sophie insisted.

"Look, you don't wanna hear about it," June said, then expelled a short, harsh laugh under her breath. "I don't even wanna hear about it."

Sophie ran her hands across June's body, casually brushing fingers across small breasts. She kissed June's shoulder, then her neck, then the lobe of her ear. "You can always talk to me about anything," she whispered. "Even if you think it might scare me. Believe it or not, I'm tougher than you think."

June managed a smile. She tilted her head to give a quick kiss, but then returned to flipping through the channels. But she wasn't looking at anything. Nothing registered.

"When I was six," June suddenly began. "I had three best friends. Purple Bear, Green Monkey, and Puppy."

Sophie smiled with affection. "Stuffed animals, right?"

June nodded. "I was an only kid," she said. "Anyway, I remember one day when I couldn't find Puppy. I looked all over, but couldn't find him. Went crying to my mom. I was convinced that some monster had taken Puppy. No matter what she said, I just knew that a monster had taken Puppy and I'd never see him again."

Sophie laughed softly, letting out a soft sigh as she hugged her lover. "But you did, right? Found him in the back of your closet or something?"

June sighed through her nostrils. "No. See, I had been sick for a couple days. Threw up all over my blankets. Turns out that my dad, in his infinite alcoholic wisdom, yanked off all my sheets, with Puppy inside them, and threw the whole mess in the trash. But my mom didn't tell me that; I found out about it later. Instead, she told me that I just lost Puppy, that a monster couldn't have taken him, because there was no such thing as real monsters."

Sophie remained quiet, petting June's back.

June stared, face drawn, at the television, registering nothing upon the screen. "But she was wrong. There are real monsters in the world. Maybe they didn't take my Puppy, but they're real. Holy fuck are they real."

Sophie looked upon her lover's face with worry. "This is about that case you're working on, isn't it?" she asked softly.

June let out a quivering breath. She looked down at her hands as she rubbed them together. "I've heard people talk about good and evil, but always figured they were just using those terms to define something they couldn't understand. I mean, a guy kills his wife because she's fucking someone else. I can understand that. Some crack whore lets herself get kicked out of her apartment because she spends all her money getting her fix. I can understand that. It's sick, and disgusting, and makes me feel bad for being the same kind of basic human being they are, but I can understand it. It's explainable to me."

She fumed a moment, glaring at the images on the screen across from the bed. "But I found out today that I can't understand everything," she said in a hoarse, shuddering voice.

Sophie made a tsk sound and touched June's chin. "Baby, sweetie--"

But June flinched and bucked away. "You don't understand," she said bitingly. "And I really hope you never do. These . . . guys, these men we're after . . . they took a dog they'd had as a pet for years. Years! And they just . . . chopped him up. It makes me sick to think about it. Like, 'here, boy! Come on, let's play!' Thwack!"

June squeezed her eyes shut, fighting down the sudden rush of bile in the back of her throat.

Sophie did not know what to say. She could only hug her lover and try to give her comfort.

"People talk about what's good and what's evil," June intoned darkly. "But they really don't know. And I really wish I didn't know it now. These guys aren't drug addicts, or passion killers, or sick-ass serial killers with a fucking chemical imbalance, or anything else I could explain away. They're . . . evil. Inhuman. And I don't know what to do to stop them."

Sophie shifted around until she faced June. Her bright green eyes bore into her lover's. "Well, if you're going to believe in evil, then you have to believe in good, too," she said. "And trust me, of everyone I've ever met in my life, you're definitely the most good person I've ever known."

June smiled slowly, feeling the weight of tears in her eyes. She looked upon Sophie with love, affection, and graciousness. "That means so much more to me than you could ever know," she whispered in a ragged voice. "I just wish I knew what to do."

Sophie cupped her lover's face and stared into her eyes. "You'll figure it out," she insisted. "I know you will. Because I wouldn't have fallen so totally in love with someone who didn't have the strength to stand up to anything this world could throw at her."

June took Sophie's hand and squeezed, then kissed it. Her face was streaked with emotion. "Hold me?"

Sophie smiled. "Always."

* * * *

Holly stirred from her chemical-borne slumber, groggy in her recollection and assessment of what was happening around her. She was aware that she lay face-up upon a bed, staring at the pock-marked ceiling of a rather ordinary hotel room, and that she could move neither her arms nor legs beyond basic jerking motions. And, lastly, that something covered her mouth.

"Hmmm! Hmmm!"

"Oh, look. She's awake."

"You mean, 'he.' Fucking tranny."

"Be nice, Thorne."

Holly's nostrils flared as she breathed in and out rapidly through her nose. Abject fear gripped and constricted her body. She pulled at the restraints, but found them much too strong. The fact that she was completely helpless dawned upon her with all the weight of every bad decision she had ever made in her life compiled into a single, cohesive mass.

A slender, but muscular man, pale of skin and with a full head of thick, luxurious black hair, leaned into her field of view. She recognized him as the man who had opened the door. But now, he wore what looked like a full-sleeved wetsuit, and black gloves. Holly's eyes searched his, questing for some trace of compassion or humanity.

"Hi," he said with a disarmingly comforting smile. He settled a hand to Holly's greasy head, smoothing back her hair.

"Hm," she responded through her gag.

Talon assessed the transsexual's face, reading fear, anxiety, and confusion. "I bet you're wondering what's going on," he said in a voice that was frighteningly casual.

"Mm-hm," Holly responded with a vehement nod.

A slow dark smile spread across Talon's face. "Well," he said, tracing a random pattern down Holly's naked body. The tip of his finger stopped at the base of the T-girl's flaccid penis. "We thought about fucking you. We really did."

Thorne scoffed as he stood at the far end of the bed. "Be like fucking a toothpick," he commented rudely.

Talon frowned briefly at his brother, then returned his attention to Holly. "He's a bit rude, but he's basically right," he said. Suddenly, he grabbed Holly's cock, squeezing it painfully. "Seriously, what did you hope to offer with something so pathetic? I've seen bigger dicks on Yorkshire Terriers."

Holly squirmed and protested impotently.

Talon let go and sat back with a dramatic sigh. "But, that's right; you want to get fucked. But it's not like you have an actual pussy, which gets wet when you're turned on. No, you have an asshole, that needs to be lubed first." 

He suddenly surged over Holly's face, staring down with contempt. "So, let's get this straight: you have a pathetic dick, no pussy, fake tits, you smell like a guy who hasn't showered in three days but you cover it with cheap-ass perfume . . . and you fucking dare to charge for the privilege to fuck you?"

Holly squeezed her eyes shut. Tears leaked from her eyes. Her body shuddered.

Talon rolled his eyes, then looked to his brother. "Is there anything more pathetic?" he asked, throwing up his hands. "Seriously."

Thorne sucked a tooth as he smacked the head of a hammer into his gloved palm. He was dressed identically to his twin. "Not to me."

Talon looked back at the constrained transsexual, while taking up a short-hafted hatchet from the floor beside the bed. He waited until Holly's eyes opened, then made sure their victim got a good look at the weapon.

"Now," Talon said. "My brother and I are going to kill you. It's not going to be pretty. In fact, it's safe to say that your funeral will definitely not be an open casket."

Holly's eyes bulged in a desperate, voiceless plea. The stark terror within them was obvious. "Hmm! Hmm! Hmm!"

Talon shook his head as if denying a petulant child's request for candy. "Sorry. We can't exactly stop now," he said, raising the hatchet. "Even if we wanted to."

"Which we don't," sneered Thorne, lifting his own weapon.

Holly gave one last, desperate, muffled scream, watching the weapons fall.

Hack!

Thump!

Chop!

Crush!

The transsexual convulsed with each deadly blow, blood spewing in all directions. The first flashes of pain shot through Holly's brain before her senses were overloaded . . . only dimly, just before surrendering to her own mortality, did she register the crude blunt face of the hammer before it smashed into her skull . . . .

* * * *

The morning hubbub in the Robbery/Homicide division was typical for a Friday. Half the detectives were looking forward to the weekend, while the others knew Saturday and Sunday would be just like any other working day. Riaz and June fell into the latter category. It had been five days since they had picked up the case for Kaylee Mills, four days since Sylvia Gonzales' body had been found. And, despite having two suspects, they had precious little evidence to present to the district attorney.

"Listen up!" called the Captain as he emerged from his office. His harsh voice killed nearly all conversation in the room. "Got a new DB. Parande and Barret, you're out on this one. You got enough going on. Everyone else, I need volunteers or I'm gonna draw from a hat."

A slender black detective raised his hand, eliciting a cranky look from his aging partner. "We'll take it."

Riaz and June stared at each other across their desks. "It's just never going to end, is it?" June asked.

"Just be glad it wasn't for us," Riaz said meaningfully.

June flipped through the information before her. They had spent days gathering everything they could find regarding Talon and Thorne Tolomeo that did not require a court order. They had gone back to re-interview Leticia Covens, but she couldn't positively say the picture of Talon was the man who had picked up Kaylee. With that, and the fact that the security video from the Rambler Motel was deemed too unreliable for court, they had hit a wall in their investigation.

"Why don't we just pick them up?" she suggested yet again.

Riaz sighed. "To be honest, I'm leaning that way. But if we can't get anything from them, we'll be worse off than we are now."

June seethed quietly. She was beginning to question her desire to be a detective.

Riaz noticed the two detectives – McCaffrey and Lutz – who had taken the new case. They were looking at an open file McCaffrey held and wincing. Crime scene photos, Riaz deduced. Must be pretty graphic.

"What'd you guys get?" he called.

McCaffrey glanced up. "About a hundred and fifty pounds of hamburger," he said distastefully. "At least, according to these prelims. CSI is on the scene. Not pretty, but the weapons were left at the scene. At least we'll have something to go on."

"Fucking sick bastards," Lutz commented as he and McCaffrey meandered past. "Taking a hammer and a hatchet to someone like that . . . ."

Riaz caught the words instantly, and jumped up. "Did you say, 'hammer and hatchet?'" he asked.

The two other detectives stopped and glanced back. The older man, Lutz, frowned. "Yeah. Why, you wanna see it?"

"Actually, I do," Riaz replied, taking two steps and snatching the file from McCaffrey's hands. He began flipping through the photos as June came up beside him.

"Holy shit, that's disgusting," June commented, covering her mouth and glancing away.

But Riaz's face was concrete. Finally, he lifted a single picture, that of a blood-smeared hammer crossed over an equally gory hatchet. His heart pounded. He could hear Patty Richards' voice echoing in his head: "Could hardly tell it had once been a dog. Seems the boys had taken a hammer and hatchet to it."

"If you're done," prompted Lutz impatiently, holding out his hand.

"I'm not," Riaz snapped, flipping the folder closed. "We're taking this one."

"What the fuck? Hey, Parande!"

But Riaz was already storming toward the Captain's office, June jogging behind. He barged open the door, startling the older.

"Try knocking," growled the Captain.

Riaz held up the file. "This is ours," he announced. "Our boys did this."

The Captain frowned. "It's a totally different MO," he argued. "This was a guy. Crossdresser or something, but a guy. And he wasn't strangled--"

Riaz leaned forward on the desk. "It was our boys," he insisted. He took out his phone. "If you let me make one phone call, I can prove it."

Sour-faced, the Captain nevertheless nodded. "Go ahead."

Riaz handed the file to June, then looked through his phone for Patty Richards' number.
