 Chapter 1

I felt an incredible pain all over my body as I awoke, thinking to myself that this was the hangover from Hell. I didn't know just how accurate that statement was, however, until I noticed the heat all around me and smelled the Sulphur smell ... and then heard the screams of agony from everywhere, in every direction. I looked around and saw people being tortured, left and right, for all directions as far as the eye could see, but then it became pitch-black, as if I were allowed a brief glimpse before going blind.

Then I felt scratches on my body, all over my flesh, as claws grabbed me and tried to rip me apart, before I thought that I wanted them off me, and a strong, hot wind just blew them away. The odd thing was that I wasn't even slightly terrified, that entire time, just annoyed, and whatever the fiends had in mind, they were enough frightened of me to back off. Then I noticed that a light seemed to emanate from my body, reaching the farthest, darkest caves of what was obviously Hell. There was no doubt in mind as to that now. I was in Hell, but I didn't begin to understand why.

"Excuse me, Lord, but perhaps we can get going now? I know that this is all new to you, seeing as you were just on Earth, but we're on a tight schedule, and with the Master dead and gone ... we badly need a new Prince," a demonic voice addressed me out of the blue ... or was that the pitch-black.

"Lord? I thought that I was one of the damned for a moment," I reacted.

"You are, Sir, but so is anyone in Hell ... but there are the Damned and then there are us ... you know, the Devils," the voice explained, as if reminding me of something that I already knew, and had somehow forgotten.

"I'm a Devil? I thought that I was mortal. Five minutes ago, I was just having a drunken argument with Becky. Now I'm in Hell and being told that I'm not really human. What a weird-ass day!" I laughed, my voice sounding more malevolently than expected.

"Oh ... yeah, that. Look, Master, I'll explain as we get there, but we ready need to get moving, Sir," the demon continued as we kept moving.

"Okay, but where are we heading?" I demanded.

"Sorry, but I forget that you've been living as a human for so long that this is kind of confusing to you. Look, Boss, it's simple ... you're going to be crowned the new Prince of Darkness, Master of all Evil, and Lord of Hell. Our new King, here in the Outer Darkness of perdition, if you will. We're headed for the Infernal Palace, Sire, for your coronation and enthronement," the demon hurried me along.

"So, how did I land this job?" I naturally inquired as we got closer, the screams of the tormented still piercing my ears.

"You're kidding, right, Lord Asmodeus? Your exile ... banishment to Earth is over. With Satan gone, someone had to fill in. The Council of All Hell decided upon you, even if that means that they have some sucking up to do, given how much Lilith and the others kind of kicked you when you were up, so to speak. Look, they're groveling, but it was really necessary. It would have been civil war here in Hell if Lilith and Azrael had tried to seize power. They've both been so far up Lucifer's ass that both of them have equally good connections and strong factions, but your very absence from Hell meant that you don't belong to a faction and only you can unite Hell behind you. All of Hell's Host respects you as the one Devil who never kissed up to even Satan, of course," the fiend assured me as I reached the Palace.

"Well, we were all angels once, right? If I didn't kiss up to Jehovah, or His Son, why would I suck up to Lucifer?" I thought about it logically.

"Yeah, that's so you, Lord. Pretty much how you've always been. Except when you're boning a bitch, you're always level-headed. Then you turn into an animal, of course," the demon laughed, as did I.

"I was expelled from Heaven AND Hell, you say? Wow, I really made enemies, didn't I? What exactly happened to Satan, anyway?" I naturally inquired.

"Oh, that ... yeah, he kinda got a bit big for his hooves and decided to start the Apocalypse a little early. Well, his version definitely took Jehovah and Jesus by surprise, but he went off half-cocked and much of Hell didn't even know his plans when he turned all lone wolf on us. On the other hand, he did us all a favor, in that now Jehovah's dead and Jesus is fading fast, trying to recover in a hurry.

"I don't think that he's gonna make it, though. The Crucifixion wounds reopened with a vengeance and that means human blood tarnishing His celestial body. That's poison to God, you know, and apparently to His Son, too, since it bears the taint of sin. Satan figured out God's secret weakness and groped the sweetest seraphim in front of him to choke him with the sight and presence of sin.

"Looks like Michael's all set to take over there. Poor dumb jock. He's tough, but never was as bright as Lucifer, in more ways than one. He'll need to listen to Gabriel a bit, I suspect. Maybe a little of Raphael, too, if the guy isn't too busy staring at nudes. Someone's gotta tell that romantic fool someday that real women aren't statues," the fiend rambled on as we finally reached the throne room, where the Council awaited me, still in their chairs, to my chagrin ... maybe I had surprised them and caught them off-guard.

Taking a line from the 1970 British movie Cromwell, which I oddly enjoyed, despite my hatred of Jehovah and all that He represented, I quoted Alec Guinness as King Charles I, "Will you not rise, sirs, when your King approaches? Rise, sirs, or to your knees in shame!"

Okay, so I paraphrased slightly to make it plural, but I still used Sir Alec's Scottish brogue in my voice. In any case, it did the trick, being arrogant enough to convince them of my deadly seriousness. They all rose, and then fell to their knees, as the force of my mind sent them crashing to the floor. I suppose that they had forgotten just how powerful of a Devil I really was. They all looked up to me with dread and awe, visibly trembling in their hooves. If this weren't Hell, I would even say that they were shivering.

"Get up. We have work to do. Where's my fucking crown?" I demanded.

Azrael snatched it from its place and I sat on the throne, at which point I grabbed it and placed it on my own head ... very Napoleonic of me, of course ... I always did admire the Little Corporal from Corsica, even if I thought that he should have burnt the Vatican instead of making a Concordat with it. Can you blame me? I'm the new King of Devils! Do you think that I should admire the fucking hypocrites in their miters and crosiers? Not my style, buddy! I rebelled against that old crackpot Jehovah and His stupid plan aeons ago, being particularly offended that he wanted to use evolution, but then tell a fucking lie in a book about a talking snake and a poisonous fruit as an origin myth. What, can't trust Your Creation with the truth, Jehovah?

Anyway, once I was done with that, I pulled Lilith up and turned her over my knee, much to her shock. I began spanking her red buttocks a good while, making her howl with both pleasure and pain. I had just recalled that Lilith was something of a pain slut ... she loved it rough, but this was about making her my bitch, and she knew it. She knew that after this, none of her faction would ever respect her enough to follow her, in case she reneged on her allegiance to me. Azrael smirked as he watched us, but he really shouldn't have. I was going to make a very different example out of him. Just as Lilith was now under my control, so would Azrael be, once I put him in his place, too. No one would use me as a puppet or figurehead. I would either be King of Hell or I wouldn't, and I was already determined to use that power now that it was mine, complete with the Scepter of Three and the Ring of Belial. Yes, my demonic memory had indeed fully returned to me.

I seized Azrael by the throat when I was done with Lilith, but I didn't use my hands. I let my demonic wings unfold as I arose from my throne, my body reaching its full height and infernal majesty. It was patently obvious that I knew it all now and that I wouldn't tolerate any further defiance or insolence from my long-time confederates down in Hell. I had come a long way back from being a mere mortal on Earth, dating a real prize of a girlfriend, hadn't I? Becky was the furthest thing from my mind right then. That was when I thought of the perfect punishment for him ... to be stuck in a mortal body, just as I had been ... so what was what I did.

I watched with more than a little humor as Azrael landed in a mortal body, no, not mine ... I had too much fun with that one. No, he landed in the body of Mr. Fiske, who had just been caught jerking off by a real cunt of a wife. Mrs. Fiske could never grasp that men had needs, and actually had the nerve to forbid her husband from taking care of his blue balls, to add insult to the injury of refusing to sleep with him at all. She scolded him like crazy, that batty 49 year old, for daring to act on perfectly healthy urges. Somehow, I seriously doubted that they would live happily ever after.

"Martin, how many times have I told you not to make those messes in this house again! That's only for making children and after that, that disgusting thing needs to be kept in your pants except to pee! No excuses! Next time that I catch you doing this, I'll leave you, sick pervert!" she wailed on him with a cast-iron skillet, not that she ever bothered to cook with it.

I chuckled, knowing my Azrael ... the poor woman would never get out of that marriage ... and that house alive ... physically abusing a destroyer demon could be terrible for anyone's health, even if he forgot what he was. I nearly fell over in my diabolical throne, laughing, when Azrael was dragging away to jail in handcuffs and Mrs. Fiske's wicked, horrible soul left her lifeless body to land right in front of me ... oh, this would be so much fun!

"Oh, hi, there! We've been expecting you. What, you actually hoped for Heaven? Well, to quote what you once told hubby, life's not fair. Your turn to suffer. Guess you should have been a nicer wife ... probably should have given a bit more to the poor and voted a bit more compassionately, too. Maybe judged less and gossiped a bit less as well. Kicking your hubby's dog and denying the guy sex just to control him, even keeping him from masturbating, when that's bad for the prostate to be chaste, that's pretty cold. Hitting him often with a cast-iron skillet and slapping his face, too. To think that man would have walked on fire for you ... yeah, you're a real saint. Ratting out that poor gay deacon, too, and that lesbian schoolteacher. Too late now, though. Oh, where are my manners?

"WELCOME TO HELL!"

What, expected sympathy for the abusive wife instead of the battered husband? I'm the fucking Lord of Hell and I can empathize with whomever I please, bitches! Now, where is a good cast-iron skillet where one needs it? Mrs. Fiske is in need of that, and a nice, big dog to hurt her for a change...

Chapter 2

I chuckled as the large red dog, which I had formed by my infernal magic, continued biting Mrs. Fiske repeatedly, while three other demons took turns striking her with cast-iron skillets. I let them keep this up for a good while, of course, though it would soon be time to stop for a little breather. Even demons and devils needed a good smoke break or whatever. Mrs. Fiske was stunned to feel the pain go away for a bit, at which point I waved a mirror in front of her, letting her see that her flesh had grown back after so many dog bites ... for now. Even "Cliff," as I called him, quit biting her for a bit.

"See now ... you've got a break, but don't relax too much. While I won't always supervise your torments, they will resume, whenever necessary and proper ... forever. You won't be free of this suffering for all of eternity. This is Hell, after all, Mrs. Fiske. You're one of the damned now, a lost soul condemned to everlasting suffering and misery. That is your destiny, the one to which you were consigned by a combination of your daily decisions, the ones in favor of cruelty, selfishness, and bigotry. For now, however, go to the washroom and clean up a bit. You stink and I don't like having smelly people around. I'm the chief tormentor, not one of the tormented, after all," I smiled savagely at her, making her shiver in spite of Hell's vaunted heat.

By now, however, Azrael had driven his human host to suicide, and perversely, he also landed in my presence, along with Azrael, too. I never could get Jehovah's logic as to why he dumped certain humans on us. Some didn't really seem to deserve further suffering, and Mr. Fiske was one of those. When Azrael reached for a pitchfork to ram it up the guy's ass, I flew at him with my full might, kicking him back and scratching his face. I wasn't content to torment mortals just because I could. I decided that some changes were in order, and some of that would mean real disappointment to Heaven, but so be it ... What better way to upside Jehovah's will than to carry out my own rough justice here in Hell, away from His dying Son's eyes?

"You, Mr. Martin Fiske, must have been sentenced here for, as I take it, suicide and homicide. Except that you weren't in control of your faculties when you did these things. Ergo, this is not your fault. Heaven's justice can be so unfair at times. So, here's the deal. I'm changing how things are done here in Hell, and I'm starting with you. From now on, whenever a soul is damned by Heaven for whatever offenses he might have committed in its eyes, I will judge that soul on its merits as I see fit, and if I determine that he or she doesn't really deserve torment, you get to live here forever without suffering at all. Well, aside from having to hear the screams, but you tune them out half the time eventually," I announced to all, much to the shock of the others.

"But, Master... ," Azrael griped, before I threw him into a nearby flame, where a poor, naked soul was being roasted.

"We'll make no new recruits and such by simply and mindlessly tormenting everyone sent to us. Go back to Earth for about twenty-five years disguised as a mortal man. Send back reports on your progress. Your job is to experience life as a regular guy. I want to hear from one of us what it's really like for them," I commanded him, sending him upstairs...

"But, Master, how will I make it as a regular guy? I have no job skills," Azrael complained in my mind, before I cut him off.

"Here ... just to be fair, I'll let you have a nice, healthy body. That will give you plenty of options. You'll look like you're twenty or so. On Earth, a healthy young man never lacks for work, even if he has to do porn or fight as a merc or whatever," I assured him, remembering that he was lucky that he hadn't been saddled with asthma like me when I was mortal.

Suddenly feeling some malicious amusement at the prospect, I returned to where I had been before I was landed in Hell, now confident that in the few hours that I was gone, no one would dare to challenge me. The look on Becky's face when she saw me reappear in front of her was utterly priceless, of course. She went absolutely pale, but it was clear that she had been crying, too. Something had really upset her, and now it occurred to her that it was my vanishing. She stepped carefully in my direction, a bit tentative about touching me, especially once my eyes glowed red and my skin turned the same color.

"Simon? Is that you? You look different, Simon ... a lot different. What the bloody hell is going on?" Becky took me in a bit, the whole sight of me ... the ripped, toned body with muscles all over me and crimson flesh covering them, along with the horns and pointed tail ... and hooves.

"Bloody Hell? How fitting!" I coughed.

Becky looked at me as if I had grown a second head, "What's the matter with you, Simon?"

"I'm a Devil, Becky. I've always been a Devil, never a mortal man. In fact, I'm the new King of Hell... ," I confessed to her, much to her shock.

"Oh, bloody bollocks! You're not joshing me, are you? You're the real McCoy ... you're the Devil!" Becky shivered in apparent terror and clutched herself in the fetal position.

"A Devil, not THE Devil, not in the same sense, that is. My name is Asmodeus. Lord Asmodeus to you, in fact. I started out as a fallen angel like the others, but I was Prince of the Incubi for a long time. I know how to make women crave me. That was my specialty," I grinned now, quite wickedly in fact.

"What happened to Satan?" Becky wondered aloud.

"Long story, but he's not running Hell anymore. Meet the new Boss," I laughed heartily.

"Same as the old Boss, no doubt. So ... does this mean that I'm damned? I mean, in all of the stories, you have carnal knowledge of a demon or devil ... that's it. It's a one-way ticket to the Lake of Fire," Becky clearly worried.

"Yeah, I'm afraid that you're already damned to Hell. You're a lost soul and were one the moment that I fucked you. God never liked sin in Heaven and this is a big one. I would say that I hate saying this, but I'd be lying. I will enjoy claiming your soul and making it mine. I will personally drag your soul to the pit with me, taking a special delight in doing so. I will love making you my bitch," I gave Becky a truly evil smile, which frightened her to her core.

"Please ... please ... don't take me to Hell. Please, no... ," Becky now groveled, afraid that I would grab her soul right then and there.

"Sorry, but I thought that I made this clear. God doesn't want you in Heaven now ... well, His Son, I mean. Jehovah Himself suffered a mortal wound, as did Lucifer. Jesus is badly injured, too, so it's likely to be between Michael and me ... and Michael has no time or patience or women like you, or women at all, for that matter. He has more than once told God that he should strike down half the feminists running around in the world, just because they 'have it coming, ' to use his words," I smirked, "I personally think he's a bit of a homo, but definitely a Top. He just hasn't dared to act on it."

"What, angels aren't celibate?" Becky asked with shock.

"They are if they want to stay in Heaven, but the ones that fail ... fall. More than a few new devils come from a failure to keep it in their robes. Not all of the devils and demons were part of the original revolt, in fact," I sneered, recalling when the angel Uriel "defected" by fucking Lilith ... poor guy, it wasn't his fault ... she had taken the form of a local cutie widow in Tyre. He never saw it coming.

"So, because you got into my knickers, I'm going to burn in Hell forever? That's not fair!" Becky whined, before I grabbed her, bent her over the sofa, and yanked down her sweat pants to fuck her from behind.

"Tell me that this isn't worth eternal damnation, Beck," I called her by her nickname now.

Becky started screaming in absolute pleasure and pain as I scratched her flesh while fucking the Hell out of her ... or was that into her ... She kicked, screamed, fought, and struggled, but I rammed her deeper with each thrust. She stopped fighting me pretty soon, however, having essentially resigned herself to her everlasting doom. The harder I thrust inside Becky, the larger my cock grew in size until it left her very sore indeed. When I shot out my hot demonic seed inside her pussy, close to her womb, she came in a quivering hot mess, which left her sprawled out over the furniture.

"Oh ... God ... damn ... you! If it weren't for my fear of fire, I'd follow you to Hell right now! I don't ever want to do without that cock again! That was your real cock? Your other one is great, but this one is so fucking much better! I'd sell my soul for that cock inside me, if you didn't already own my soul," Beck startled me with the abrupt change of mind.
