 Introduction 

3488 A.D. 

Mankind had finally managed to get the most pressing issues under control. Earth's ecosystem wasn't collapsing after all and mother nature had gained some ground again. Free from the immediate need to ensure Earth's survival, human race shifted its focus to exploring the stars and conquer new worlds. Orbit City, the first human settlement on Mars, boomed and prospered in this phase of relative calm and quickly established itself as the primary ex-terrestrial hub of humanity. 

But then came the Or'Gal, an aggressive alien species from outer space. Out of nowhere, these extraterrestrial warriors descended on Earth. And everything changed. The collapse of humanity seemed only a blink away. 

The Or'Gal attacked one settlement after the other, destroyed whole continents and took millions, billions of lives. Within only a few years, mankind was close to extinction. And yet the human species proved to be more resilient than the Or'Gal could ever imagine. 

Humanity turned to its best features - its curiosity, intelligence and courage - in a quest to get an upper hand against this overwhelming enemy. Each and every member of the human race worked desperately to find a way out of this very existential crisis. But so far the holy grail to turn the tide has not been discovered. And time was running out. 

Soon, planet Earth was no more and Orbit City became the last remaining metropolis of humanity. Its residents knew what was at stake. 

Chapter 1 

Like every morning, Dr. Phil Bright inspected the containers housing the few paralyzed aliens that had been captured in a stroke of luck. He had studied their structure, their psyche, their attack behavior. But mainly he had studied the most intriguing aspect of this species, their sex drive. The scientific community had long rejected the very idea that these creatures, despite their apparently iron-based metabolisms, reproduced more or less organically. But Phil had assembled enough evidence to put at least that debate to rest. 

The rare recordings of their stunningly brutal attacks showed undeniable proof of just how lethal their mating behavior actually was. The Or'Gal seemed determined to mate with anything crossing their ways. And many experts in Orb City's tightly knit scientific community meanwhile claimed that the actual act, if it happened extra-species, constituted nothing else than an act of aggression, performed with the intent to subdue or even kill the other species. 

Phil examined the massive alien body once again searching for hints of vulnerability. Thankfully there was some evidence that these monsters actually had a weak spot. He restarted the single most detailed recording of a combat operation that a human soldier survived. Sergeant Mira Won, barely 18 years of age had delivered a baby shortly before she got deployed. Had these unusual circumstances anything to do with her unexpected survival? He started the recording once again and switched to slow motion. 

The images were graphic and positively horrifying. Phil would never get used to it. For the umpteenth time he saw the platoon getting slaughtered during the first wave of the attack. Their weapons had no visible effect on the enemy, not a single shot nor grenade stopped even one of the monsters. Nothing seemed to have any impact. Those monsters had hit the soldiers like a freaking tsunami, wiping out the entire platoon without a single loss on their side. 

Soldiers, irrespective of their sex got plucked one by one, picked up, either by their arms, hips or chest, just to be penetrated by this gigantic, alien penis that pierced through the soft, human flesh. These monsters ripped through those feeble human bodies like they were made of paper, often crashing into the soldiers' lower abdomen several times, leaving them in tatters on the battlefield with terrible injuries and dying a miserable death. Only Sergeant Won was different. Something highly unusual happened when she got attacked. 

The Aliens assaulted Won just like any other soldier that they slaughtered. The enemy grabbed her by her breasts and hoisted her up in the air. The Sergeant's battlesuit tore as soon as she left the ground, her massive breasts spilling from their confines. Then the monster pointed its gigantic sex organ between her spread legs, surged forward once, twice and... ran. For some reason Mira Won got spared. No other Or'Gal assaulted her again and miraculously she could escape unblemished. 

To Phil's dismay the brave soldier died a few months later during a combat mission, and inexplicably nobody had studied the exact circumstances of her stunning feat prior to his work. He watched the sequence again and again. Why the hell did Won survive the attack? The whole thing didn't make any sense! But then, all of a sudden, intuition struck. 

What if it was the milk that Won's body produced at the time of the attack? That would certainly not explain how she survived this nightmare fuck, but it could explain why the alien suddenly ran away. Milk. But what were the odds? On the other hand, if there was even the slimmest chance to explain this peculiar attack-gone-wrong, he had to follow up on it. 

Phil immediately started some tests. He got hold of some packs of milk and poured some on one of the alien samples. No reaction. Was it just a stupid idea? No, he couldn't give up so easily. Perhaps only human milk had this effect? But how could he get hold of some? Time to talk with his superiors. 

Typically Phil had to wait for days, weeks even to get an appointment with General Grand, but today was his lucky day. To his utter surprise he got scheduled for a meeting with her within only a few hours. 

General Grand was widely known for her direct, often brash way of working and many of his fellow colleagues struggled to interact with her. Phil had his clashes with the General in the past, but he got along with her reasonably well. Wondering how Grand would react, he grabbed his pile of documents plus the video and headed out for his meeting. 

"Good afternoon, Doctor. You wanted to talk? I hope you have some good news? I really could use a bit of good news!" 

"Well, at least a glimmer of hope. I wanted to present you my latest theory and ask for advice on how to proceed." 

"Well, then let's get started. I don't have all day! Get going!" 

"Of course. Please have a look at this rather graphic video sequence. The recording shows a soldier, perhaps the only soldier who ever survived a direct attack of an Or'Gal. This soldier left the battlefield virtually unscathed. And I can't stop wondering why." 

"And?" 

"Well, this particular soldier, Sergeant Mira Won, had given birth just a few days prior to this battle. Now, look closely, see what happens when that alien hoists her up by her breasts? See how that monster suddenly freezes and then lets off of her? It's practically fleeing from a feeble human who, to our knowledge, has no means of hurting it whatsoever." 

"My goodness, you are right! You said she's given birth? So she most probably was lactating, right? Could it be that..." 

The General might be brash and difficult, but she was sharp as a razor. 

"My thoughts exactly. I already made some tests with ordinary cow's milk, but unfortunately there was no reaction by the samples. And I honestly have no idea where I can get hold of human milk to test this theory." 

"That's your biggest problem? To get hold of some lactating females? Consider it solved. I'll send an appropriate team over to your lab." 

"Thank you, General. That's all" 

"Dr. Bright?" 

"Yes Ma'am?" 

"Good job! Investigate further and find us the secret weapon that we so desperately need. I expect quick results. You know, the situation is dire. The future of humanity is at stake and so far we still have no clue how to fight this devastating invasion." 

"Of course." 

"I'm serious, Doctor. Make good use of the squad I'll send you. These fine women will understand the importance of your work, and they are ready to do anything in their power to prove your theories. Your contribution might be essential for the survival of our species." 

"Got it." 

"Have you actually wondered why Sergeant Won survived this inhuman penetration?" 

"I have, but I don't have a good explanation yet." 

"If she just delivered a few days earlier, maybe her vaginal tract was still, I don't know, flexible? So this horrid alien tool could somehow enter her without causing fatal damage?" 

"But that wouldn't explain why she had practically no injuries, would it? Her womb would have been shredded either way." 

"What I wanted to say, Doctor, is: Investigate. Look at every detail. Check the soldier's vital sign records. Examine her files at the time she got penetrated. Something in there might tell you the whole story. There needs to be an explanation to her survival." 

"Those records require top clearance, General. I was so far not successful in getting my hands on them." 

"Huh? Really? Expect them on your desk in a few hours. Sometimes the bureaucracy is killing me. We are at war, dammit!" 

"Thank you, Ma'am." 

"Now get to work! And don't disappoint me!" 

"On my way, Ma'am!" 

"Dismissed!" 

The files were on his desk a few hours later. Phil immediately scorned them for some clues, searching for the precise time of the attack on the soldier when suddenly someone knocked at the door. 

"Squad Milky Melons reporting for duty!" 

The young Sergeant could barely hold back a giggling fit. 

"Milky Melons, huh?" Phil smirked at her, "You certainly have retained a sense of humor, soldier! I assume General Grand briefed you already?" 

"As a matter of fact she has. General Grand has personally put together this fine squad and handpicked every member. May I introduce you to your new team? These are soldiers Cathy Carter, Leila Lee, Tracy Turner, Holly Hale, Alice Arden and myself, Sergeant Vicky Wright. Our collective milk force is standing by and ready for action." 

The soldiers pushed their massive breasts out in sync, every single one of them grinning mischievously. Phil looked at the women more closely, inspecting their extraordinarily large busts that were barely contained by their tight camouflage uniform. 

"The General selected the members of this squad based on very specific properties. We all have recently given birth and have been drafted only days later. Needless to say we are all lactating so things may get a bit messy around here." 

"I had no idea the military keeps these kind of information in its databases!" mused Phil. 

"Oh, you wouldn't believe what sort of information they keep about us. As a matter of fact, we are all in our early twenties, have tits bigger than cup size E, which by the way is an entirely different problem for the military, especially for the procurement department. Our boobs are of course lactating and we have just been instructed to milk ourselves on a tight schedule to keep supply up. Our monthly cycle is accurately recorded in our files as is our sorry sex life. Our men are all service members as well, currently deployed for combat operations. And our newborns are being raised under the military's oversight. We are all true army girls, Doctor." 

"Good to know. Well, you do seem like a perfect fit for my studies, please come in."