 "Leave me alone you creep!" 

That was the end of my conversation with the cute little receptionist with the big boobs. I had been after her for a while, but she always turned me down. So today in the company cafeteria after she turned me down again I started asking about her dating life, then her sex life. After she told me to leave her alone she and her two friends got up and left me all alone at the table. It seemed this was how my luck with all women was lately.

It wasn't always this way. I had my fair share of girl friends over the years, even married once for a couple of years back in my 20's. That turned ugly, as I thought she was sleeping with my best friend. I could never catch them, or prove it, but I knew. One night I got drunk, ran into my friend, started to harass him about sleeping with my wife, and we got into a fight. We beat each other up pretty good before the cops got there. We both spent the night in jail, to cool off, before they let us go. She left after that, went back to her hometown. She never hooked up with my friend. He was still a jerk.

So now I'm 34, I have a decent job as an office manager at a large company. Recently I put in for a new job, one with higher pay and a better title. I didn't get it, as an attractive woman with big breasts got it. They said while our backgrounds are similar she had a better attitude. Really what I think happened is she flashed her baby blues at the male interviewers, showed some leg, showed her cleavage. How can I compete with that. Bitch.

I keep in shape by working out several times a week. I once thought of a gym as a possible place to meet women, but not at my gym. They all seem cold, they all keep their distance from me. Maybe I'll join another gym where the girls are friendlier.

Anyway after lunch and my run in with the receptionist I was in a bad mood. One of my employees screwed up some numbers on a report and I let him have it right in the middle of the office. Since its nothing but a cubicle farm everyone knew I was bitching him out. Shortly after that my boss called me into her office, to talk about what just went on. She then laid into me about how that is not the way to handle these situations, not in front of everybody. Plus she said it wasn't even a big mistake. Yeah right I said, it wasn't your ass on the line if the numbers are wrong. She told me if this happens again that she will be forced to take disciplinary actions against me.

I couldn't wait for the day to end. Finally I got out of there, went down to a local restaurant, ordered myself some beers, and had a steak dinner. The waitress was a cutie, probably mid 20's. We made small talk whenever she came to my table, things seemed to be going well. I asked if she would go out with me, and she turned me down. When she came back to clean up the table I asked her again. And again she said no. When she brought the check over I asked her again, to which she said no. I asked her why, this time grabbing her hand as she laid the check on the table. She pulled her hand back.

"I have a boyfriend, and I love him very much. I don't want to go out with you, now leave me alone." She said quite loudly, so everyone in the restaurant could here. The place grew silent as she left my table. I pulled out my wallet and left enough money to cover the bill, plus a 50-cent tip. That girl was a bitch anyway. Good luck to her boyfriend I thought. When I stood up to leave I noticed people looking at me. I got out of there quickly. 

I drove around awhile, not wanting to go back to my empty apartment. Finally I ended up at a mall. I parked my car in the parking garage and went in. I wandered around a bit with no specific goal in mind. At the electronics store I went in. Wandering around the store, looking at all the gadgets that will make life simpler, more organized, in short make you a better person. Stopping at the stereo's I played with a couple before a sales lady approached me. She was an attractive brunette, with a petite body, wearing a short skirt and a white blouse. One where you could see her bra underneath it. Obviously she dressed for the male clients. I expressed an interest in a new stereo and that got her all excited. She started talking up a storm, asking me what music I like, what my place is like, all sorts of things so she had a good idea what the best stereo equipment for me was. When she showed me the speakers she said her and her husband had these at home and where very pleased with them. I had no idea she was married, she wasn't wearing a ring after all. The bitch. I left shortly after that.

I made my way back to my car. I just sat in my car, watching the people come and go. Soon most of the people had gone, as it was near closing time. There were only a couple cars left in this section of the parking garage when I saw the sales lady from the electronics store come walking out. She approached a car not too far from mine. Suddenly something came over me. I got out and approached her from behind. When she got to her car she opened the back door and put her bags in. As she was about to close the door I placed my hand on her shoulder. She spun around.

"What are you doing?" she asked nervously. I pushed her into her car, I fell on top of her. She was pinned under me. She tried to hit me so I grabbed both her arms, pinned then over her head with one hand. She started screaming, so I smacked her across her face. 

"You be quiet or I'll hurt you bad." She whimpered as I lifted myself off her, still pinning her arms down over her head. 

"Let me get a good look at you." I said. "Yes you are a sexy one." I ripped open her blouse, exposing her whole upper torso. 

"Just as I thought, very sexy." I ran my fingers down the side of her face, down her neck to her bra. As I ran my fingers around each breast she began to struggle a bit. I slapped her face again.

"No more or you'll get hurt." She stopped moving. I pulled her bra off her tits, she had nice small nipples. I played with them. She had a scared look on her face, finally realizing how serious this whole situation was becoming. 

"You have nice tits. Do you like when I play with them?" She just looked at me, her eyes filled with fear. I leaned down and licked both her tits. With my free hand I reached down and pulled her skirt up. I ripped her panties off, she tried to squeeze her legs together. I got one leg in-between hers, then the other. I freed my cock and pushed into her. She was quietly begging me not to, 'Please don't Please don't" over and over again. But it was too late, I was fucking her. I was fucking her hard. I was cumming. I moaned. 

"Don't cum in me please don't" she begged. I came. I came hard. I came in her. 

"Oh baby that was great." As I pulled out. I wiped my dirty cock off on her skirt before backing out of the car and letting her go. I pulled my pants back on, then pushed her legs into the car. She curled up in the fetal position, crying as I shut the door.

The next day at work I was taking a smoke break outside our building, when a couple ladies also came for a smoke break. They were talking about the girl who got raped the previous night. They where talking about the poor girl and how bad it must be for her. I said she was probably asking for it since she was probably dressed like a slut. They both gave me dirty looks and left.

Friday night I went out, down to the local dance club. There I met this young sexy thing. I bought her some drinks, we talked, even danced a couple of times. I went to the bathroom and when I came back she was talking with a couple of other guys. I tried to work my way back to her but she ignored me. So I left. Sitting in my car, thinking how she had used me, I was pissed. Then she came out. Alone. The parking lot was not well lit, and it was behind the club. I didn't see anyone else around, so I got out of my car and followed her. When she got to her car I jumped her, forced her into the back seat. There I raped her. This time I didn't try to sweet talk the bitch. It was just a brutal fucking. Then I came in her. I left her crying in the back seat of her car. 

On Saturday night I went back to the restaurant I ate in earlier in the week. I sat at the same table. The same girl came to wait on me. When she recognized me she had some guy wait on me. When I was done I left him a 50-cent tip also. Then I went and sat in my car. A short while later the waitress came out. She was still wearing her uniform, a short black skirt, shear white blouse, and sneakers. She had a nice body, and an especially nice ass. I followed her to her car, when she opened it I forced into the back seat. This time she was face down. With one hand on the back of her head forcing it into the seat she couldn't move. I pulled off her skirt and panties. She was wearing a thong, so I decided to keep them. I shoved them in my pocket before shoving myself into her. As I was fucking her I reached underneath and ripped open her blouse, then pulled off her bra. I fondled her tits while I fucked her. I came in her, and I came hard. Afterwards I cleaned myself on her skirt, then left her there in the back seat.

On Monday at work all the talk was on the 'Back Seat Rapist' as the papers had named me. Three girls in one week, all in the back seat of their own car. Yet still they didn't have a good description of the rapist. Just a tall, dark haired white male, late 20's to 40. Yeah the narrowed it right down. I didn't get involved in those conversations, only to agree that it was a terrible thing. The receptionist with the big boobs said there was no way anyone would ever rape her. I kinda laughed when I heard that, and she shot me a dirty look.

On Wednesday the receptionist was working on a special project for one of the bosses, and had to work late. I stuck around too, catching up on some lame paper work. I left after an hour or so, then sat in my car in the parking garage. Soon the receptionist came out. As she walked to her car I got out and followed her. I looked around but didn't see anyone. When she got to her car she started to open it. I pushed against the car, reaching around to cover her mouth with one hand. She immediately began to struggle, I could tell she was stronger than any of the other girls I raped. I tried to move her to the back door but she fought it. She kicked me in the shins, which hurt. She elbowed me a couple of times, so I smacked her in the back of her head. I could feel her arms move, but I couldn't get them. Then I heard a pop. My stomach was on fire. I staggered backwards a couple of steps, my hands on my stomach. I looked down, my hands covered in blood. Looking up, she stood in front of me, aiming a small handgun at me. 

"I always knew you where a low life. I just didn't know how low you really where." She said. Then she lowered the gun, pointing it at my groin. There was a flash as the gun went off, then fire ripping through my crotch. I stepped backwards again, then fell to the ground in the fetal position. The pain was intense, my whole lower body felt like it was on fire. She was standing over me, pointing the gun at my head.

"How does that feel asshole?' She kicked me in my stomach. The pain was unbearable. I rolled over, tried to get away. I got on my knees, then she kicked me again. I fell to the ground, the pain unbelievable. 

"You'll never bother another woman again will you asshole?" The gun was pointed at my head. Then it flashed. There was no pain, just extreme pressure in my head. All the other pain faded away. I looked up at her, I could see she was smiling. Then everything faded to black.