 The squad entered the lab and the curious soldiers inspected closely what they found. Phil lead them to a large reinforced glass container holding one of the paralysed alien samples. He approached the dark amazon and said, "Sergeant, could you ask one of your girls to subject this sample to some human milk?"

"Certainly, Doctor. She turned around and yelled, "Soldiers! You heard the Doc! Any volunteers?"

All hands shot up.

"Hale! Off with your top, drench this monster in your boob juice!"

The blue eyed brunette sporting a light tan got moving. 

"Yes, Ma'am!" 

Without flinching the young woman popped open her uniform and let her large, tanned breasts spill out in the open. Phil quickly opened a lid and motioned her to squirt some milk on the alien. Holly leaned over the edge, pushing her massive breast into the gap. Her hands wrapped around her soft flesh, and with some quick moves she expressed a few droplets of milk, carefully aiming at the alien skin below.

All hell broke loose. Phil kicked the lid close again, trapping Holly's dangling breasts in the container. The soldier panicked as she watched the alien specimen violently jerking about, the restraints holding it down screeching under stress. The soldier tried desperately to yank her tit out of the trap, pulling frantically at her own flesh. More and more milk was spraying down on the sample, causing the alien to thrash furiously. Finally Holly's breast popped through and the lid shut close again.

"Ouchie, that was unexpected!" howled the shaking soldier as she caressed her hurting bosom.

"Sorry, I panicked a bit I guess," the Doctor apologized, "But what a success! I think we have just discovered our secret weapon!"

"Wow, look at this thing," gasped Vicky, "Its skin is practically melting away! The milk acts like acid on his body! Unbelievable! Let's fill barrels with our milk and ship them to the front so our troops can finally beat them!"

"Hold the horses, Wright. First we need to do some more tests. But you're right, we should start stocking up on some milk. Can you you prepare a couple of containers with your produce? We'll do some further testing in a few hours. I have some work to do until then."

"Certainly, Sir. We'll fill those tanks in a heartbeat. Soldiers? Milking time!"

The squad quickly assembled some buckets in the conference room. Only moments later the now topless soldiers had their massive tits dangling over all sorts of containers and efficiently expressed milk from their bodies. The sound of fluid hitting metal filled the room, and the air soon smelled of sweet milk.

Meanwhile Phil was studying Won's vital signs once again. He was convinced that some clue was hidden in all that data and he was not planning to give up until he found something.

The Doc looked at the records closely, analyzed each value meticulously. He could see how Won's pulse had exploded during the attack, how her adrenaline level went through the roof. But even before that, her values were striking. He fed his computer with some data, ran some tests in search for a pattern. 

He was searching for hours, diving deep into Won's dataset, running countless simulations on the data. But what he found just didn't make any sense. Frustrated, he launched a full analysis, annoyed that it would take at least a day until he got any results. He wandered around the lab, looking for the girls as he bumped into Vicky who had just finished stowing some containers in the fridge.

"We're done here. Our girls have been thoroughly drained."

"Good, then get your squad some coffee. Half an hour break."

A short time later, everyone was gathering around an Or'Gal sample. Phil held a small glass full of freshly expressed mother's milk and emptied it on the writhing alien body. The soldiers, all still topless, stared into the cage waiting for the monster to freak out again. But to their utmost surprise nothing happened. The Or'Gal didn't even flinch.

"What the hell?" mused Phil, "No reaction at all?"

Vicky looked at the monster with frustration and groaned, "Fuck that! Take this, alien scum!"

She leaned over the glass enclosures and gave her tender breast a healthy squeeze, expressing a few droplets of fresh milk. The white fluid rained down on the shimmering monster and as soon the tiny drops hit its skin the Or'Gal began to rage.

"Huh?" Vicky, Leila and the others turned to Phil, "Could you explain what we just witnessed, Doctor?"

"Well," Phil mused, "Quite the odd behavior, don't you agree? The only sensible explanation I can offer is that the milk must apparently be fresh in order to have an effect."

"Fresh as in freshly expressed from our breasts..." whispered Leila the geeky Asian, clutching her bouncy twins.

"Yes, fresh from the body. We'll have to run a few more tests to be sure, but it looks like pumping milk for later use in combat won't work. You could spray these monsters with water and it would have the same effect."

"Damn, there goes our secret weapon!" growled Vick, "What now, Doctor?"

"I have to think. You and your squad are free to retire for the day. And eat something, your milk production is essential. We made quite some progress but this looks like a tough nut to crack. I'm open for suggestions so feel free to chip in if you have any ideas. See you in the morning."

"Certainly Sir. Squad Hurtful Hooters, head out for some physical exercise. And think about what we just saw. Any idea could help, so don't disappoint me!"

"Yes, Ma'am!"

Phil returned to his desk to check out the simulation. He whistled in surprise as he perused the results.

Based on the elevated hormone levels and other markers, the computer had come to a clear conclusion. He read the brief result again. 'Data suggests subject is experiencing severe sexual arousal for a prolonged period. Heightened pulse, engorged clitoris, Copious amounts of vaginal fluid,...' It went on and on. Phil was once again amazed what kind of data the military was storing in those files.

The time period in question was indeed rather lengthy, starting with the moment Sergeant Won stepped into the battlefield and ending only after the recording had terminated. Mira had been horny like a bitch in heat when that Or'Gal attacked her.

Was this the solution to this riddle? Was being sexually aroused the key to survive an Or'Gal attack, at least for female soldiers? He had to consult with the General, now!

"General Grand?"

"Yes, Dr. Bright, what can I do for you? And please keep it short, we have quite a situation here."

"Absolutely. Access to Won's medical records indeed proved to be invaluable. Your insistence to peruse them netted us a completely new, and rather unexpected lead."

"Very good. What did you find?"

"It's quite puzzling, really. Sergeant Won experienced massive sexual arousal during the attack."

"What? This is no matter for jokes, Doctor!"

"I'm dead serious, General. The data clearly shows that the young woman was brimming with endorphins when she entered the battlefield. And the arousal sustained until after the attack. The girl was horny like a randy teenager."

"Sexual arousal? During combat with a lethal alien lifeform? What's wrong with this woman?"

"The data is bulletproof... and as Sergeant Won unfortunately is not with us anymore..."

"I don't question your analysis, Doctor. But this revelation is, how should I put it, a bit delicate."

"So, should I follow this lead?"

"Of course, Doctor! There's no doubt about it, we have to double check every lead we get and weaponize every single bit of knowledge we gain. We just need to be a bit more secretive about our little project. From now on the code name of this study is 'Project Milk and Honey, or PMH for short. Understood?"

"Understood."

"If anything leaks about PMH before we can demonstrate its effectiveness we are toast, Doctor. Can you imagine the ridicule we would get?"

"I can. It would be devastating."

"Nothing about our little pet project will be disclosed to any outside parties without my explicit approval, including any senior military personnel. Have I made myself clear, Doctor Bright?"

"Absolutely, General."

"Alright. Now, if you need and supplies, equipment, anything, for god's sake don't use standard procurement procedures. Instead, contact Professor Klone and he'll acquire whatever you might need. Klone is reliable and will keep things to himself. I know something that he would prefer to keep private..."

"I will, General."

"Thanks to Sergeant Wright, Klone has already been instructed to supply you with some prototype milk rifles. You should receive them shortly."

"Thank you."

"Dismissed."

Once back, Phil allowed himself some rest. He grabbed a bottle of his favorite wine that he kept for special occasions and poured himself a glass. He thought about what happened today, about the discoveries he had made. Those soldiers with their massive breasts should prove helpful for his further research. They surely won't like what lay ahead of them, but as long as there was the slightest chance any theory needed to be verified. He nipped at his glas.

The support of the General had been unwavering so far, and there was no sign that this would change anytime soon. In this phase, determination was all that counted. The soldiers were in for some challenges for sure. Time for a quick walk.