 "Squad Painful Pillows reporting for duty!"

"Ah, good morning Vicky. Nice to see you're still in a good mood. Get your squad into the meeting room, there's something I need to tell you."

"Good news?"

"Well, kind of, I guess."

The soldiers hustled inside the lab, grouped around a large table and looked at him expectantly.

"The simulations I did yesterday revealed a new, promising lead. As you might now, the military is lucky to have a recording of a direct Or'Gal attack a human survived. Sergeant Mira Won somehow managed the feat that we so desperately want to replicate. And finally we might know what made Won different, what enabled her to survive the attack. However, this theory is still unproven. I talked with the General and she assured me of her support. But she also insisted on absolute secrecy for Project Milk and Honey."

"Milk and Honey, huh? Now I'm curious."

"Yeah, what exactly did you find out, Doc?"

"I, uhm, but don't freak out, alright?" 

"Doc? We're here to assist you. But we need to know at least some basics to be of any help, don't you agree?" 

"Absolutely. So let me put this bluntly. Sergeant Won was sexually aroused when she got attacked."

"Wait, WHAT?"

"She was dripping, the girl was in heat."

"During combat?"

"Not easy to swallow, right? But the data is conclusive, and it just might be the detail that saved her life. Let me show you something."

The girls eagerly waited for Phil to start the video. 

"What you see here is the recording I mentioned, the Battle of Harl, the alien attack that Sergeant Won miraculously survived."

The soldiers on the screen, male and female alike got slaughtered once again. The girls' faces went white in horror. Phil wondered if those women actually had been engaged in Or'gal combat at all. It certainly looked like they never experienced an actual attack. He looked in their eyes and said, "This is how a common Or'Gal attack plays out. The results are obviously devastating. Now, pay attention to the soldier on the left. See that Or'Gal there? It'll jump at her any moment."

"Ugh, look at his massive weapon!" groaned Leila, leaning forward to get a better view, "Is that its dick? It's fucking huge!"

"Yes it is. But not the girth nor length are the lethal properties of those things, it's their skin. This alien penis is covered in devilish thorns, their front side sharp as a knife, their pointy ends and blunt backsides shredding any tissue when they rip it out again. You can certainly imagine the damage, irrespective of whether there happens to be a hole where this thing hits or not. I can show you a detailed model of this deadly weapon later. Now, watch how Sergeant Won gets assaulted. You can clearly see how the beast's rigid sex organ pierces through her clothing and enters her to the hilt. One time, two times,... spotting any difference?"

"Fuck me," mused Vicky, "That thing shriveled up?!"

"No, not exactly. Let me show you again. See how that horrid, armsized weapon gets smaller with each jab? If you look closely you can actually see some smoke emanating from it. No wonder this Or'Gal bolted. His cock was melting! And we suspect it's because of Sergeant Won's apparent sexual arousal. That her vaginal fluids caused this effect. Plus the attacker got sprayed by a very unpleasant substance that scorched its body, namely Mira's milk. Can you make out her bouncing breasts underneath her shredded uniform? Do you see the fine mist around her engorged nipples? We know already how the Or'Gal organism reacts to that specific fluid, right?"

"This is madness!" gasped Alice, "How on Earth did Mira manage this feat? That horse-sized cock must have penetrated a well oiled and unbelievably flexible hole, otherwise she would have been injured, right?"

"Indeed. Only if the Or'Gal's penis hits exactly the right spot and only if that spot is accomodating enough to quickly make way upon impact there is any chance for survival."

Vicky cleared her throat and said, "Suppose your theory is correct and milk, paired with an aroused vagina helped Mira to survive, what does that mean for us?"

Phil blushed, "To put it bluntly, we have to show that this knowledge can be weaponized. Your squad will need to demonstrate that our soldiers can be effectively prepared for Or'Gal engagement."

Now it was Vicky's part to blush. She mumbled, "So we need to fuck them, right? We need to show it can be done."

Cathy, the dirty-blonde village girl mused, "So how will we do that?"

"First we'll have to verify our theory. We already have proven that fresh mother's milk has a devastating effect. Now we need to do the same for vaginal fluids."

"I still can't wrap my head around this, Doc. How could anyone get off during an Or'Gal attack?" mused Vicky, "Was she into aliens or something?"

"We'll never know what was going on in Sergeant Won' head but we have to follow this lead."

"Sure, sure, but ... I mean, do you expect us to be all sexed up during combat? How on Earth would we do that?"

"That's a problem for tomorrow. First we need to verify if arousal has actually an impact. So, could one of you climb up on that container and masturbate until some of your bodily fluids drop on that sample? Maybe we see a reaction again."

"Certainly, Sir. Soldier Arden, get to work."

"Yes, Ma'am!"

The small built, pale, red-headed soldier quickly removed pants and panties and climbed up the container. Her hand got busy, stroking her snow white, cleanly shaven sex. Her fingers soon danced around her clit and massaged her love button vigorously. She closed her eyes, huffed and puffed as she worked her reddening pussy. After a few minutes she stopped and whispered, "I... It's difficult when you all watch. I think it would work better alone."

"Not a chance, Arden. Too dangerous. And we need to see what's going on with that Or'Gal."

"Sergeant? I volunteer! I have no issues with being watched while performing!" laughed Tracy Turner, the bronze-skinned, blonde amazon.

"Alright, Turner it is. Arden, get your pale little ass down here. This will have consequences. Turner, show her how to do it!"

Alice, head flushed red, climbed down again and searched for her clothes.

"No panties for you, Arden. In fact, get your fat tits out as well. You'll be naked for the rest of the day. Time to get used to your audience!"

Alice complied without question, her heavy, naked, white breasts swaying slowly in front of her.

Turner, the blonde rural loudmouth, stripped herself naked and proudly showed off her bronzed skin. Giggling excitedly, she ran up the container and plopped down in an incredible split. without pause she let her hands roam around her attractive body, grinning amused.

"Pay attention, Doc. You'll now witness Tracy Turner's famous climaxing abilities!"

She jammed a finger deep inside her shaven snatch and got busy. Eyes wide open she worked her magic. Soon she had four fingers deep inside, her thumb pressing down hard on her clit. She was panting. Phil could hear her juices squelch from below, the sight was indeed incredible.

Soldier Turner grimaced as she stuffed her hand deeper and deeper into herself, forcing her thumb inside along the other fingers. Tracy shrieked as her fist suddenly popped into her body. She gave herself a moment to accommodate and then began pounding into herself, her flexible body contorted into a perplexing shape. Her fist vanished into her unbelievable depths again and again, her hot juices gurgling audibly.

"Can you let some of your girl cum drip in that container?" asked Wright from below.

Tracy nodded, head flush from excitement. She managed to open the hatch while keeping the pounding up. Suddenly she yanked her closed fist free, screaming in lust. Tracy quickly grabbed her pussy lips and ripped her hole open, right above the stirring alien. Some of her copious vaginal fluid soon found the way and drooled down on the beast. 

The Or'Gal immediately panicked and tore at its restrains, jerking underneath the aroused soldier as if it got burned alive.

"It worked!" beamed Phil, "It fucking worked! Thank you, Turner, thank you for your service!"

"I'm not done yet, Doc" the soldier panted as her hand got busy again, her big breasts jiggling excitedly, "I'm still short of a climax or two."

Turner's hand worked relentlessly, massaged her wet folds without pause. Moments later the soldier's groans and squirms got more and more pronounced and her pounding more aggressive. She suddenly jerked. Then came the scream. She bucked and trembled, holding her gaping, quivering cunt right over the opening of the container. More of her fluid spilled out and landed on the alien below. The Or'Gal went berserk.

Vicky couldn't look away from the panicking alien. The spots where Tracy's cum had hit it's body sizzled and grew, slowly eating up its flesh. That monster was doomed for sure.

"Now I'm done, Doc. And satisfied. Done and satisfied," Tracy grinned mischievously, "Any chance you need to examine me more closely after my little performance?"

Vicky grinned, "Good job, Turner."

"Good job indeed. And an encouraging result. Now we need to find out how to use this information. How can we get soldiers reliably aroused on the battlefield? And is being aroused actually enough to withstand such an assault?"

Vicky shook her head, "How on Earth would this be even possible? You really think our soldiers can get off while in mortal danger? While their fellow soldiers get slaughtered?"

"Nobody said it would be easy, Wright, but we have to make it happen. It's our only chance."

"But how, Doctor, how?"

"That's for you to solve. I'm a scientist with no combat experience. Plus I'm male. There's very little I can contribute to that specific question."