 The sound of a bell interrupted the brief silence. Phil went to the door wondering who dared to disturb his work. One of the General's agents was waiting at the entrance, a number of packages lying at his feet. After verifying his identity, the agent handed over the packages commenting that the General herself ordered him to deliver this shipment.

Phil opened the packages under the curious watch of Vicky's entire squad. The content they revealed looked peculiar. Suddenly Vicky started to giggle.

"That's the shipment from Professor Klone, right? He apparently made use of my ideas. Wonder if he came up with something that actually works! Are those new uniforms?"

"Right, the milk rifle. The General talked about it already. She probably commissioned new uniforms as well. Alright, so let's focus on efficient milk extraction first and worry about your nether regions later. Sergeant Wright, do you need me for this or can you work on your own?"

"Don't you want to see us in our new outfits?" teased Tracy as she ripped one of the sealed packages open.

"She's right, Doctor. Maybe not for the uniforms, but I would appreciate if you could help us with those milk cannons. You may not be in a position to advice us on efficient techniques but we certainly value your company."

"And I for one can get much easier aroused when you are present," smirked Tracy, "Not everyone around here is bi like our commander! Being horny might not be required for this step, but we should start practicing, right Doc?"

And so Phil stayed and helped them get into their new clothing. Each soldier got a packet to unwrap except Alice who was refused her new suit and had to stay naked as punishment for her earlier failure. 

The sight was nothing short of spectacular. The suits were made of some shiny, black, high tech material, accented by bright pink stripes along the seams. The neck was tight like a choker, and the whole suit was such a close fit that it emphasized every curve of the body. But the highlight was the breast section, or lack thereof. The soldiers' large bosoms were spilling out in the open, completely unprotected. A tight, pink seam was hugging their bases with force, pushing the soft, womanly tissue into an almost ball-like shape. Phil examined the weird clothing with interest and found that the breast-hugging seams were lined with strong rubber bands which explained the peculiar form of the constricted pillows. 

Another oddity waited between the legs of the soldiers. Just like the top section, the crotch was equally amiss. The same sort of seam wrapped along the groin and lower abdomen, forming a bright pink triangle, prominently presenting their naked, unprotected womanhood in a decidedly erotic way. To Phil's delight, all soldiers were cleanly shaven and quite a pleasure to look at. The girls pranced through the lab, showing off their new uniforms, joking and fooling around. Everybody seemed to be in a great mood and Phil watched in awe how this dedicated squad coped with the dire situation.

Vicky grabbed one if the other packets, one of the milker prototypes, and inspected its contents. The Milk Extractor Rifle Mark 1, codename 'Mauling Milker' looked rather intimidating. It consisted of a pretty hefty rifle section, a set of tubes that connected the gun to a little box, and another set of tubes leading to two odd-looking cups of sorts. The strange contraptions essentially consisted of a set of thick but tight rubber rings wrapped around a rather long, thin plastic container. Vicky turned the weird object in her hand, wondering how to use it.

Phil approached her, curious about the new weapon, and examined the odd milker closely. He quickly located the power switch and turned it on. The device started to hum and shake. Suddenly the tight rings expanded, forcing the clear plastic cylinder to open up and expand to a diameter that would have allowed a watermelon to fit in.

"I think you're supposed to put those over your boobs, Sergeant Wright."

Vicky examined the odd device again, wondering what it would do with the squad's milk-laden breasts.

"Soldier Arden! I need you to try this device on your udders!"

The naked, pale ginger quickly walked over to Vicky. She stared at the contraption with wide open eyes and gulped, "Aye-aye, Ma'am!" fearing the worst and afraid of failing her squad again.

Alice presented her heavy breasts so the Commander could fit the milker. The clear containers went over her large tits with ease, the ring at the opening snugly fitting around the base of her breast. Vicky pushed a button on the small box to initiate calibration. Suddenly the strong rubber rings contracted, strangling Alice's pale tits and making them look like large, exotic sausages wrapped in clear plastic and quickly gaining color. Milk was instantly shooting out of her strangled pillows and filled the tubes leading to the gun.

Tracy watched with interest, her curious fingers touching Alice's expanding boobs. She unplugged one of the tubes, held her hand into the quickly increasing trickle of milk and smirked, 'Pretty effective extraction method, huh? How does it feel? Are your cans getting crushed? Wonder how many shots this thing gets out of your udders."

Tracy yelped as Vicky slapped her ass, scolding her for fooling around. The Sergeant quickly grabbed the leaking tube and reconnected it. Turning to Alice she commanded, "Now take the gun and aim at the sample. Let's see if the weapon works!"

Alice tried to ignore the pain but the rings squeezed her fat tits which such force that tears were freely streaming down her face. She bit her lip to hold back her whimpers and readied the weapon squarely at the alien sample.

When she pulled the trigger there was no holding back. The rubber rings suddenly went wild, expanding and collapsing in split seconds. Her tits were jumping around like they had a life of their own. Alice almost lost her gun because of the sudden chest action but somehow managed to keep it steady. Milk was shooting out of the nozzle and splashed against the jerking sample, its skin turning into billowing smoke.

"Works as advertised I would say, " joked Tracy as she patted Alice's disfigured tits.

"Not bad at all, Alice. Good job. This prototype indeed seems to work reasonably well. Let's check the other ones. How many did the Professor send us?"

"Five. There are five different models."

"Great. Soldiers, grab one of them and put them on. We have to find out which design works best. Once fitted, head over to the shooting range for a little competition."

"Aye, Ma'am!"

The scantily clad girls got to work, each of them grabbing one of the packets sand ripping it open. Phil couldn't turn his eyes away from all the jiggling flesh and watched the squad with interest.

"Mine's called 'Righteous Rods' exclaimed Holly as she tried to get the awkward construction around her breasts. Her extractor was built from another assortment of rings that were connected by a bunch of golden rods at their sides. The whole construction looked like a large tube with missing sides. 

"I've got Spinning Wringer. Wow, this looks painful!" groaned Cathy. Her device was built from a rigid wire frame that hugged her tits with some sort of clamp at the top that would hold her nipple in place and spin around when fired."

"Uh, Looney Looper? What's that supposed to mean?" quizzed Leila as she unpacked her prototype which seemed to consist of a bunch of strong metal wires and a motorized holder of sorts.

Tracy suddenly broke out in laughter and giggled "Painful Pyramids for me! That's pretty blunt but I guess I deserve it for teasing Alice. Looks kind of weird though."

And weird they were. The pyramids had an opening at the top and were mounted on a bra-like frame, one pyramid covering one breast. Once the trigger was pulled, the pyramid's base would rapidly constrict, forcing the breast into an awkward shape to express the milk.

Phil had to commend Professor Klone for the ingenuity. Those prototypes where all so different in their approach that it was hard to predict which one was the most efficient. He looked forward to see them in action.

Vicky inspected her squad carefully and made sure the different devices were properly fitted. She prodded and probed the large breasts of her fellow soldiers and adjusted the contraptions until she was satisfied.

"Would you mind joining us as the firing range, Doc?"

Phil nodded, "I wouldn't want to miss this test. Ladies? Let's see which of those nightmarish contraptions works best!"

"Aye, Sir!"