 Phil watched the girls in their sexy uniforms march off, careful to not lose their test devices, and wondered where this project would lead him. Once at the range, the soldiers got busy and, under the careful watch of their Sergeant, tested the devices thoroughly.

It quickly became evident that some of the designs had their drawbacks. Holly's Rods would pump those tight rings back and forth in lightning speed, making her hurting tits a blur but the breasts just couldn't cope with the assault and the milking efficiency was way less than the other designs.

Tracy's Pyramids exhibited a rather hilarious design flaw. After a few rounds of firing her sorry tits were under such a pressure that the top of her boobs popped through the tiny openings and expanded into two awkward, purple balls. The cursing soldier was in such a pain that she broke down right at the range.

Cathy's Spinning Wringer wasn't very efficient either. The clamps holding her nipples in place unfortunately also trapped the milk inside, so all the spinning and wringing lead to nowhere except a pair of swollen, twisted titties that longed for release.

The most effective by far was Leila's Looney Looper. The thin metal wires binding her bloated udders expressed the milk with incredible speed and efficiency. The only downside was the chafing and the extreme stress on Leila's breasts. Once she delivered shots with her gun, the metal loops started to cinch her pillows with lightning speed, constricting the wide bases of her tits to a tiny circumference. And in case she needed more firing power, the device would automatically install additional loops around her natural milk tanks to exert even more pressure. They were ahead in all the relevant parameters, even in portability and practicality, except for the unfortunate bruising due to the high velocity of the steel wire.

"So Looney Looper it is," concluded Vicky, "Thanks all, now remove the prototypes and get out of your fancy uniforms. I'll ask Klone to integrate the loops in those seams. That should reduce the chafing a bit and make the weapon easier to handle. You'll all join Alice in serving nude until we get the revised uniforms. Our next nut to crack is how we can get ourselves aroused while facing the enemy, so take the chance and experiment a bit. Doctor? Can I have a word with you?"

Phil and Vicky went into his office while her squad members stripped and packed up. It was Tracy who moved first. The bronze blonde innocently put a finger in her mouth and silently snug behind Leila. Without warning she jammed her fingers into her fellow soldier's unsuspecting pussy, forcing it in as deep as she could. Leila's surprised squeak drew the attention of the others.

"My my, you're not prepared at all, little Leila. That Or'Gal would have ripped you apart! Time to juice up!" quipped Tracy and went down on her knees, driving her slick tongue into the quivering snatch of the surprised nerd.

The others watched amused and soon plenty of fingers found a pussy to penetrate and the entire squad engaged in close one-on-one action.

Meanwhile Phil and Vicky had more important things to discuss.

"I thought about the arousal issue, Doc. And I think I have an idea how to tackle it," said Vicky as she removed her own uniform.

"I'm all ears, Sergeant," replied Phil, his eyes glued to the soldier's massive, jiggling breasts.

"We have to enable the soldiers to recall a stimulating experience even when facing the enemy. I read up on the research regarding lasting memories and how the process functions. It seems that, for strong, emotional experiences, it's enough to hear a short sound or see a image for a fraction of a second to get a bodily response. So if we can get a powerful memory established in each soldier that makes them leak their juices, we could feed such a trigger into their comms system whenever they face danger and, voila, they're prepared for battle."

"Hmm, that's an interesting thought," mused Phil staring at the naked pussy inches away from him, "So how can we prove this works?"

"We select one of my soldiers, ideally the one that gets aroused the easiest. We'll ask her to describe her most intimate fantasy, the one thing that always gets her going. Then we enact this fantasy for her and record everything in full detail. Afterwards we let her face stressful combat situations and feed her the trigger while measuring how her body reacts. If she gets wet while she's pummeled, we have a winner."

"Sounds like you have thought about this already in detail," mused Phil, watching the jiggling funbags dancing in front of him, "Anything you need for this experiment?"

Vicky harumped, "Well, Doc, uhm... How should I put it... you know that those girls are all as straight as they come, right? Every single one prefers men over women except myself. I'm more ... flexible... in that regard. Now what do you think would their favorite go-to-fantasy be? Right, some bloke fucking them senseless. So we need a bloke. I thought about getting their husbands to join but ..."

"Yeah, that won't work given the security level of PMH. No outsiders."

"Right, so with that option gone, the only remaining male that is readily available is..."

Suddenly Phil understood. His head turned red as a tomato and he stammered, "You... I...you mean... You can't be serious, Sergeant! I mean, look at the girls and then look at me! I'm a middle-aged doctor, not some hot guy at the gym glistening from exercise. Do you really think..."

"You're underestimating yourself, Doc. If you haven't recognized, the girls like you. They tease you whenever they get a chance for fuck's sake. So are you prepared to play your part?"

Still flushed Phil nodded, now looking straight into the dark amazon's eyes, "Absolutely, Vicky. I'll do whatever is needed."

"Thank you, Doc. I have expected no less. Then let's select our guinea pig."

As soon as they stepped out of Phil's office, Vicky had a enterprising hand between her legs, and the hand's urging fingers quickly found a way into her unprotected, squishy hole.

"What the... hey!"

"Just doing what I was told," giggled Tracy as she pushed her fingers further into the warm opening, "You're definitely not prepared for attack, Sergeant. We urgently have to do something about this!"

And without waiting for a response she kissed her superior right on her gaping mouth, sticking her wiggly tongue down Vicky's throat.

"Soldier Turner, for god's sake! Stop with this madness or I'll order you to perform some challenging evening exercise in my room tonight!"

"Would be my pleasure," smirked Tracy, slowly withdrawing her glistening fingers from Vicky's puffy lips.

"Now get the girls! Assembly in 3 at Operations! Understood, soldier?"

"Yes ma'am. On my way!" grinned Tracy.

"Oh god, this girl is just unbelievable! She got me all hot and horny in a matter of seconds!" Vicky complained to Phil, her hand covering her naked groin.

"Something that might come in handy later, don't you think? Any guess on who's the quickest to orgasm?"

"My bet would be on Tracy. That girl is a walking climax!"

"Hmm, she surely gives that impression. Any plan how to test them?"

"Oh yes. I just need to get some equipment from storage. Meet the girls, I'll be there in a second."

When Phil entered the room, the entire squad was waiting already, eager to learn what they were supposed to do.

"A test who comes first? That sounds fun!" giggled Tracy, her fingers exploring her wet folds.

"If it helps the mission I'm all for it," mused Cathy, "but I really don't get how this helps us against the Or'Gal."

"You're not supposed to think, soldier! Trust your superiors to make the right decisions for you!" quipped Leila adding, "I'm sure there is good reason. And as Tracy said, it sounds fun either way. So bring it on!"

Alice nervously asked, "So Doc, how are going to..."

"He'll fuck us with one of his pervert machines, right Doc?" teased Leila, "You do have some fuck robots around, don't you, Doc?"

"Fuck robots? I don't even... "

"Are we supposed to pleasure ourselves or will you take care of that?" whispered Holly, her hands kneading her large breasts.

"Girls, I don't have a clue either! Your Sergeant came up with the idea and I'm sure she has all planned out already. So just relax and wait for... Oh, there she is."

"Squad Leaking Mammaries ready for combat!" squeaked Tracy as she saluted her commander in her naked glory.

"Stop it, soldier. Ladies? Listen carefully, I have a mission for all of you."

"You want us to frig ourselves senseless, right?" smirked Tracy, grinning mischievously, "I can do that!"

"No, I mean... yes... dammit Turner! Can't you be serious for a minute? This is important!"

"Sure, Searge. I'm just trying to...lighten the mood a bit," she grinned, "Maybe the Doc can help us? I would certainly be faster if he gives me a hand!"

"Turner!"

"OK, OK. I'll shut up."

"Thank you. Now. Where was I, right... So you all know by now that sexual arousal was what saved Soldier Won during her first encounter, right?"

The girls nodded.

"Good. So as we are not like Won and don't get aroused by lethal alien monsters, the obvious next step for us is to figure out how to get our juices going in face of danger. And to do that efficiently, the Doc and I decided to try out a few things. But we need a volunteer. And that's where you come into play. We want to know who of you is the quickest one to lube up, who's the most easiest to arouse. And to find out who that is, we have devised a little challenge."

The girls looked at each other, not sure what to think of what they heard.

"Everyone, get one of those AR headsets and earpieces. There's a sticky little pad in the bag of the headset. Take it out and glue it on you left breast about 2 inches from your nipple. Then choose one of of the dildos from that box over there and return. To make it fair, you'll all perform simultaneously. Put on the headset and the earpieces and wait for the signal. Once you hear the 'go' try to come as quickly as possible. You can use whatever strategy you like, fuck yourself with the dildo, use your hand, whatever. Try to imagine a situation that makes you horny, maybe an experience you had in the past, a lover that really knew what he or she was doing. Whatever works is fine. Once one of you climaxed we'll stop and wait until everyone is cooled down again. You'll go to the shower let the Doc spray you with cold water until your pulse is back to normal. Then we repeat. We do this until we have a clear winner. Understood?"

The soldiers nodded.

"Good. So what are you waiting for? Get to work!"