 Phil watched fascinated as the squad performed their task. The young, naked women donned the headset and, on his signal, started to masturbate while Vicky carefully watched the little monitors that tracked their state. The headset and earpieces would overlay their reality with a playback of intense battle scenes. Depending on the situation the glasses would either black out the actual reality around them or blend those combat scenes into what they were actually seeing. It was scarily lifelike. Deafening sounds of explosions, screams and cries surely would distract anyone and so would the bloody images of the battlefield blended into whatever they saw at the time. It was like the battle would happen right around them, for real.

But the girls didn't flinch and got to work. Soon the little device showing Cathy's status started to beep and lo and behold, the rural cowgirl already writhed in ecstasy.

"Stop! Cathy's our winner of the first round! Who would have thought! Remove the equipment and get into the shower everyone!"

The squad got cooled down again. Phil made sure to direct the jets of cold water on each girl's hot privates and enjoyed the squeaking show as they slowly came to their senses again. Vicky did not allow them to slack and pressed on. Soon, their fingers were buried in their folds again as the girls tried to reach a climax.

"Stop! Cathy again. Damn, girl! You're good! Shower!"

Back they went and a few minutes later the naked, dripping girls were again squirming as they chased for an orgasm.

"Stop! Cathy, what the fuck? How often can you come? Did your villager friends train you so well? Or is it all those cows that kept you hot and horny through your life? Shower, now!"

Vicky made them repeat the exercise 10 times, and, to the dismay of Tracy, 10 times the dirty-blonde always was first.

"And I thought Tracy would leave all of you in the dust. Deep waters and all, I guess. Good job, Cathy! You're a hot little something!"

"Impressive!" groaned Tracy, "My little pussy is all red and puffy but I just can't keep up with that little bitch!"

Leila and the others were still puffing from the last round, but Cathy was beaming like a kid at christmas.

"So I won?"

"Yep, you won. By far. You'll be our guinea pig. You'll help us refine our strategy. Are you ready?"

"To save the world? Of course I am! What do I have to do?"

"Go with the Doc, tell him your secret. Tell him your hottest, most erotic fantasy. Tell him how you get aroused so quickly. He'll take it from there. And the others, back to training! Tracy? Show them how to exercise their little holes, prepare them for the attack!"

And so Cathy followed Phil into one of the rooms while Tracy started her attack on the still engorged pussies of her fellow team mates.

"So what's your fantasy, Cathy?" inquired Phil as he lead the winner into a secluded area of the lab.

"Chocolate," grinned Cathy, "I just love chocolate!"

"Chocolate?" asked Phil, not understanding a thing.

"Yep, chocolate. I imagine I'm covered in sweet, sweet chocolate and a hunk of a man is slowly nibbling away on me. He breaks little pieces from my body, touches me everywhere! He pulls it from my tits, bites into my stiff, chocolate-covered nipples and sucks so hard that my tits are about to explode. And when he comes to my pussy he slowly eats the chocolate out of my stuffed hole and finally..."

"Stuffed hole?"

"Sure, I'm full of sweet, hard chocolate down there, too!"

"That sounds messy!"

"It is, Doc, it is."

"Alright, chocolate it is then. Now why don't you head over to that mattress and get yourself ready. I'll go get some stuff. Just relax and wait for me, OK?"

Chocolate! Phil shook his head. How the hell was this supposed to work? At least he could get everything he needed with a simple trip to the grocery shop around the corner.

Vicky bumped into him as he returned from the shop. 

"So how are things going? Did she tell you her fantasy?"

"Oh yes she did. She dreams of being covered in chocolate!"

"Really? What an odd fantasy! Do you need help?"

"I think so. I really have no idea how to do this. But first let's get the girl sleepy so she can experience the scene more vividly. You can help me with the chocolate though. Can you get this stuff liquid for me?"

Vicky nodded and took over the bags. Phil grabbed a few medical supplies and went into the room where Cathy was waiting.

"Hi!"

"Hi Cathy. Let's get started, shall we?"

"Sure. What do I have to do?"

"Nothing, really. I'll now give you a shot. Just a mild anaesthetic that will make you sleepy. You'll experience a dream-like state in which your brain is more receptive to certain stimuli than normal. This helps in our task, in engraving this fantasy into your subconsciousness. So don't be scared, just lean back and enjoy."

Cathy nodded, "Alright then."

The naked girl did as she was told and presented her arm. Phil jabbed the needle into her and pushed the plunger. Moments later Cathy was fast asleep with her eyes wide open.

"She's ready Sergeant. Can you help me with the chocolate?"

Both Phil and Vicky started to spread the warm, sticky mass on Cathy's muscular, slender body. They covered every piece of her, made sure the sweet, milky-brown stuff stuck and dried on her. Soon, Cathy's big breasts were encased by a hard, chocolate shell, and so was the rest of her body. Only the area between her legs was still bare.

"How do we prepare her down there?" asked Phil, looking at the little, naked slit waiting for him.

"What did she tell you? Was her fantasy specific about her pussy?"

"Indeed it was. She would be stuffed and her dream lover would slowly remove chunks of chocolate from her hole until he could fuck her."

"Then let's do that. I'll spread her little slit and you stuff as much chocolate inside as possible."

Vicky pushed her fingers in the tight pussy and pried it open.

"Not good enough I think. We need to open her up further. Don't you have a speculum or something?"

"A speculum? Maybe in the medical cabinet. But it would show. It would be unnatural as the instrument would form the chocolate, not her body. She surely wants that sweet plug to look like the insides of her pussy, no? Plus the hardening mass might get stuck between the blades." 

"Uhm, good point. Then what do we do?"

"Let's just try to fill her up slowly using our fingers. Pour in a little, let it dry, push it deeper, fill her more, and so on."

"Alright, then let's do that!"

Phil pushed his fingers between the warm folds while Vicky poured in the thick fluid. Slowly they filled the little hole while Phil pulled her open as wide as he could. After the chocolate got somewhat solid, they tried to push the block deeper and poured in a bit more. Phil soon got the hang of it, pulled harder at her lips and pushed the stuff with more force inside the wet cavern. The two continued until Cathy's little hole was a gaping pit stuffed full of sweet chocolate, her lower tummy now slightly curved from the solid mass inside the slender body.

"I think that's enough!" grunted Phil as he tried to pull her folds open once again, "There's no room left in there."

"Good. So she's ready?"

"I think so. Let's wait until she wakes up."

"Have fun!" Vicky chirped as she turned around to leave.

"Wait! I need you to help me with the recording! We need to capture as much as possible so we can play back the experience to her."

"Right. Fine, so I'll watch you fuck her."

"Ugh. Don't say it like that. I feel bad about it already."

"Don't. It's an important task. And she likes you, so don't panic. Hold on, she starts to move."

"Yeah, she's ready. Just about to wake up. Time to begin."

Vicky started the cameras while Phil approached the sleeping, chocolate covered beauty.

And just like in her dream, he carefully nibbled at the sweet, brown shell, broke off small pieces of the hardened chocolate as he tried to get through to her warm skin. Cathy was squirming silently, still half asleep as the doctor devoured her. Soon, the tips of her white, young tits lay bare and just begged to be sucked. Phil toyed with her nipples, made them stiff and engorged before his lips engulfed the little nubs. He sucked hard on them, sucked like his life depended on whatever those delicious tips contained. Cathy was squirming beneath him, her face flush and excited. Phil dove deeper, worked on the chocolate encasing her tummy, slowly moving further south until his teeth scraped over her squirming groin. He pulled of chunks from the her soft pussy lips, tried to get hold of the huge mass inside of her cunt. His fingers probed and prodded, slowly loosening the sticky block from her insides.

Cathy groaned with lust. Her body squirmed and shuddered. Phil could feel how she got wet, how her juices melted away the chocolate and helped to make the solid plug slippery. Soon, he could move the chocolate around a bit, could slowly fuck her with the massive object. Then the girl convulsed suddenly and the hard, thick block of chocolate shot out of her, landing on the floor. Her pussy was empty, accessible, and flush with juice. Phil removed his clothes, his rigid tool ready to penetrate the squishy hole.

The sensations were phenomenal. Slick with a mixture of juice and liquid chocolate, Cathy's sex was the best thing Phil had experienced in a long time. The presence of all those big busted soldiers hadn't left him unaffected and he was as horny as he could be. Finally there was release, finally he could get his rocks off, fucking this beautiful young woman while fulfilling her lifelong dream. Could life get any better?

Phil plunged into her, fucked her with long, slow strokes. Cathy groaned louder and louder, her pink cheeks glistening from sweat. Her hands held her two, massive twins tight and pushed them against Phil's moving body, her hard nipples mashed against his skin, scraping along his ribs as he pushed into her again and again.

Vicky watched with interest as the Doc drilled into the excited young soldier. What happened here made her horny as hell and there was no release in sight. Being bi just made it all worse! She would love to be in Cathy's place, love to be fucked by that middle-aged man that took so much care to provide pleasure. But she wouldn't object to Cathy fucking her either, with her sweet little mouth, her clumsy, sweaty fingers and her full, fat tits. She closed her eyes and tried to focus. Her role was simple, record everything so they can get Cathy horny whenever they needed. She tried her best but it was so hard to keep focus when those two fucked right in front of her!

That man surely had stamina! How long was this going to take? Vicky looked through the camera, adjusted the position a bit. The wetness between the two bodies caused quite some spectacular sounds as they slapped together and Cathy's jumping, jiggling tits just added to the audible scenery. She watched them go on for what felt like an eternity until finally the sweet young soldier started to stir and moan even louder. Her moans transformed quickly into passionate screams and soon after, an earth shattering climax hit the writhing girl. Phil didn't hold out much longer and emptied his balls into Cathy's wetness while the squirming young woman was in the midst of her orgasm.

Vicky zoomed in, finished the recording with some spectacular shots of the drooling cum that was leaking from the reddened, flushed pussy. Finally she stopped the camera and did what she agreed to do. She got one of the syringes from the Doc's bag and, before Cathy could even untangle herself, injected the anaesthetic into her arm. Only moments later the girl was knocked out cold again.

Vicky slowly clapped as Phil got to his feet again

"Great job! I feel like a freaking porn producer after this."

Phil could still barely breathe as he tried to get into his clothes again, his dick still semi erect and rubbed red from the action.

"Now let's hope this little exercise got deeply embedded in Cathy's subconsciousness. We'll have a few interesting experiments to perform. Come on, Doc. Help me to prepare the material."