 Both worked on the recordings for a while and Phil could barely believe what he had done with this sweet young soldier. Once both Vicky and Phil were satisfied, they went back to the others to prepare for the next phase. Vicky ordered everyone into the main hall to update them on the progress while Cathy was still asleep.

"Girls, please! Can you just all shut up for a moment? Thanks. Now, first things first: Our Doc performed exceptionally well, ladies. He did everything and more to make Cathy's dream come true. With this material we should be able to trigger the memories we just created in Cathy."

The squad cheered. Tracy looked at Phil and smirked, "Would you later have some time for me, stud?"

"Tracy! Shut it! It'll be your turn soon enough, give the Doc some rest. Everyone! Once Cathy's back let's check just how quickly she can get wet. She will wear her gear the entire time and her task will be to be prepared for attack whenever that might be. Your task will be to 'assault' her, check if she's horny enough to survive a surprise attack. You can use whatever you want, just fuck her hard whenever she's not expecting it, understood?"

The soldiers nodded, everyone grinning like a cheshire cat.

"That'll be fun," laughed Tracy as they went back to their rooms, "Cathy won't have a single calm moment! Do you already know what you'll use on her?"

"I was thinking pens and bottles," smirked Leila, "And you?"

"Whatever I find, but mostly this," She presented her closed fist, "Let's see how wet our little slut can get, shall we? Better prepare her well for her meeting with the Or'Gal!"

Giggling and joking the soldiers went back to their business, back to pondering about what sexual fantasy got themselves going fastest. Sergeant Wright made it quite clear what she expected once the experiments with Cathy showed good results.

Cathy indeed did not have a single calm moment after she woke up. The dream-like experience still lingered in her head and her body felt like after a marathon. When she woke up she appeared to be freshly bathed and had to wonder who selected the strange, sweet perfumes that apparently had gotten used on her. Cathy slowly got back on her feet, a large mirror greeted her and displayed her flawless body in all its glory. Her breasts seemed a bit puffier than usual and her nipples a tad longer and painfully hard. And between her legs everything hurt. What the hell had happened?

"Morning sleepyhead. Everything alright?"

"Uhm... I'm a bit disoriented, Sergeant. I seem to remember a pretty steamy night that got pretty close to an all-time favorite fantasy of mine. Oh well, just a wet dream of sorts I guess."

Vicky smirked, "I would love to have a wet dream tonight, Cathy. And you do look delicious! Remember that you won our little competition? The one about who can get aroused quickest?"

Cathy blushed, "Uh... ohhhh right!"

"You know what that means, right?"

"No... what?"

Vicky handed her the AR headset and some earpieces, "You'll be tested. We'll check how well you perform while battle scenes are played around you. And the expectation is of course that your sweet little box is lubed up and juicy at all times! An Or'Gal could attack at anytime, so we need to be prepared, right? Now please put these on and don't take them off until I tell you to. Oh, and here's your uniform. We finally got them back with milk guns integrated into their seams. So dress up for battle!"

Vicky marvelled at the squeaky clean soldier and watched amused as she slipped into the kinky uniform. Cathy did seem to have a bit of trouble to get her fat breasts through the openings as they now contained most parts of the weapon. The result was that the seam had gotten much wider and significantly tighter which meant that the breasts had to be pulled through with force. The seams would wrap tightly around the bases extending about two inches towards the tip of the breast and would form the soft tissue into odd looking, ball-topped stalks even when not in use. 

After watching her struggle for a bit Vicky finally decided to help and both women managed to pull the tender flesh bags in place. Vicky nodded approvingly as she examined her soldier.

"Looks great on you. Now here's the gun and this is the battle dildo attachment I ordered. Let me briefly explain how this works. It's fastened below your groin with this strap so it won't get lost. The idea is to wear it at all times so that you are prepared in case of an attack. In order to keep you entertained and not lose effectiveness, the device will vibrate in random intervals and expand or contract from time to time. Ideally you'll fuck yourself with it whenever you feel you're drying up."

Cathy inspected the toy with interest. It was a bit too big for her liking, almost as thick as a small coke bottle and half as long as her forearm. It's surface was soft though and pleasant to touch. The khaki-colored camouflage pattern definitely felt odd for a sex toy. She pushed its tip between her glistening folds and was pleasantly surprised about how the dildo felt.

"Great! you're all geared up and ready to go! Now back to your teammates! Show them that you're ready to fight!"

The dildo didn't stay long in her body. As soon as she met Tracy it got yanked out of her and instead, the soldiers fist penetrated her hole. And it did not just penetrate her either, Tracy fucked her like a damn jackhammer and only let her go once she was sure Cathy had climaxed. She gave her only seconds to recover before she assaulted her foaming hole again.

Vicky watched with interest and commented on Cathy's preparedness but did not join in just yet. But it was not only Tracy who took her job seriously. Soon Holly, Alice and Leila got going and fucked their teammate with whatever was at hand. The poor girl got stuffed full of office supplies and food, weapons and tools until she couldn't take it anymore. Leila fucked her so hard with the twenty or so pens she had used that most of them were broken after the session. Most of the sausage supplies got wasted as did the few cucumbers they had in the fridge. Cathy soon lost track of the times she had climaxed and was about to collapse after a few hours. But then she remembered that she sported a milk gun. And it was time for payback.

Whenever one of the girls snuck up on her she drenched them in milk. It got messy quickly, especially when the others decided to get into their uniforms as well and fight back. The whole place reeked of milk and sex. Vicky couldn't get enough of it.

But at some point it had to end. After two days Vicky decided it was enough and time to move to the next phase. So she interviewed each of the girls and asked them about Cathy's performance, about whether the soldier was sufficiently lubed up and ready at all times. Her teammates had nothing but praise for the village girl, commended her preparedness and quick reaction time. Vicky was satisfied and decided to move on.

"Great! Congrats Cathy! Good job! Next up is an actual Or'Gal"

Cathy looked at her with panic in her eyes, "What? I'm not... I can't... It'll kill me!"

"I was joking, Cathy. A bad joke at that. It's a simulator, not a real one. Professor Klone has creates a true monstrosity for us and I think it's time you get a taste."

"A simulator? So no danger?"

"It's sex organ is pretty realistic and about the size of an actual Or'Gal dick. But it's made if rubber so you'll be fine. It's a simple tool to train you, alright? Don't panic!"

Cathy sighed, "Why am I the one to get horny so easily? It would be so much easier if Tracy would be the guinea pig!"

"Would have, could have, don't sweat it Cathy. You're doing great. Now just follow the Doc and meet your new challenge."

The group entered a seperate room, empty except for a metal dome in the middle. Out of the metal dome a black appendage towered upwards, its size roughly that of a baseball bat, its tip resembling a baseball covered in sharp thorns. More of the thorns covered its entire shaft, each one pointing downwards, looking like they would tear any flesh apart once embedded.

"I call him Impatient Bob," explained Phil, "And I'm sure you'll understand in a moment why."

Cathy's fingers explored the dangerous looking object. The surface was softer than she thought and while he thorns looked terribly painful they only applied slight pressure before giving in. It would hurt but it won't cause injuries. 

Cathy sighed, "Holy shit, this thing is huge! How should my pussy ever cope with this monster?"

"Don't worry, you've shown already that you're the most suited for this. Just act natural and stay aroused. Now stand over this alien dick and let me buckle you up."

Cathy moved over and positioned her naked pussy right above the intimidating head. Vicky started to work on Cathy's shoes while she explained the next experiment.

"Bob will randomly smash into your groin. As it's not a real Or'Gal we won't be able to observe the effectiveness of your juices on the attacker. But sensors will pick up how wet you are so we can judge if you get better or worse. You can use the dildo in between its attacks. I would propose that you simply keep that pleasure stick deep inside and only push it out as soon as you sense an attack."

Vicky grabbed the dangling dildo and lightly prodded Cathy's nether lips. The girl squirmed and hushed, "OK, ok, understood. Jam it in!"

Vicky did as she was told and continued, "To make the whole exercise more realistic, the others will try to distract you while you're at it. They will play the roles of additional enemies and assault you when you don't pay attention. Your glasses will overlay their silhouette with images of Or'Gals and the sounds will match so the overall experience should be pretty realistic except that you can't move freely. Oh, and use your milk gun to fend of those pesky aliens. Your tits need some exercise as well and some training for your reflexes won't be bad either. Girls? Get ready! Cathy? Now show 'em!"

Vicky nodded towards Phil who quickly pushed some buttons. The device roared to life while Cathy pushed down her visor and put on the earpieces.

"Let's do this!" screamed Vicky and slapped the dildo embedded in Cathy's groin. Cathy reacted with lightning speed and the shot of milk landed squarely on the sergeant's face.

The others quickly joined the action, hands grabbed Cathy's purple, constricted melons and enterprising fingers pulled at the stuck dildo. Suddenly the huge alien cock trembled. Cathy sensed the danger and ejected the dildo with her muscles. And then the gigantic cock ripped into her wet hole.

The girls couldn't believe their eyes, couldn't understand how Cathy managed to swallow so much of the rubber monster. The thick thorns had to hurt so much! Cathy yelled surprised but didn't budge. The simulated Or'Gal retreated and fucked her again. With one brutal lunge the object tore her open. When it retreated, its surface was shimmering from Cathy's juices.

Cathy groaned, her hands exploring her gaping pussy for damage. But the monster didn't stop and neither did her teammates. Cathy had no choice but focus on her defenses. She had to trust her body, her unconsciousness and the periodically played snippets of her dream sequence to keep her pussy wet and pliable.

It worked better than Vicky would have ever imagined. Cathy was truly a natural, her reaction, her aim with the milk cannon, everything was simply top notch! And her pussy was as squishy as it could get! Any Or'Gal dick would melt away in moments! Even the capacity of her natural milk tanks seemed plenty enough for any combat situation!

Vicky made her repeat the training several times a day and, just to be safe, kept up the schedule for an entire week. Finally she declared Cathy to be ready to move on

"Carter? You performed exceptionally well during the last few days and I'm proud to tell you that both me and Doctor Bright decided that you are ready for the final phase. I have consulted with General Grand and can tell you she's highly appreciative of your services. The General has ordered to engage in actual combat to finally confirm that the project actually works."

Cathy's proud grin vacated her face in a blink of an eye.