 "What... what does that mean, Sergeant? Will I..."

"Yes, you will finally engage in actual combat. And you'll be in real danger if you are not careful. But don't worry, you have everything you need to succeed. You're a soldier after all, right?"

"Yes Ma'am," she whispered, her hands caressing her bloated boobs, "It's just that... I haven't been in combat for ages..."

"You'll be fine. The General found just the right location to show off your skills. An Or'Gal has been wounded by pure luck as one of our fighter crafts crashed into it when going down. It's still marauding through the area and our forces are trying to keep it contained but are struggling stop it from entering the nearby settlement."

"And I have to stop it?" inquired Cathy, getting more nervous by the minute.

"Yes. You will kill it. Because of its wounds it's slower than usual and an ideal test subject for us. A transporter will pick us up in a few minutes. I surely don't have to tell you that this is the ultimate test. The General will be there in person and we'll capture everything for later analysis. If possible, don't kill it immediately with milk. Get it to fuck you at least once. We need to know if your vaginal tract is as an effective weapon as we believe it is."

"My... vaginal tract?"

"Your sexy, dripping pussy, soldier."

"You never called it like that before..."

"I was trying to be formal. You know, soon we'll talk with all kinds of serious old folks and it just doesn't feel right to talk about gaping pussies and leaking tits with them. I'll need more... technical... terms I guess. Anyway, pack up quickly, we're heading out."

"What about us?" asked Tracy, toying with her tight uniform.

"You'll join us. You'll watch carefully how Cathy's doing because that's what you will have to do soon enough yourself. We're going to cheer her on."

The entire Squad including the Doc soon boarded the waiting transporter. The three male soldiers operating it couldn't get their eyes off all the jiggling flesh around them. A few stern warnings by Vicky to stay professional got everybody in line, everyone except Tracy who immediately started teasing the poor guys. 

Despite the advances of resident nutjob Turner, they managed to take off and after a short but intense flight landed close to the active combat area. Cathy and the others got a quick briefing and after Phil double-checked Cathy's gear she got sent off into battle.

All eyes were on her as she entered the combat zone. Piles of steaming junk were everywhere and so were the bodies of unlucky soldiers. Cathy's pulse raced as she searched for the marauding alien.

An entire crew from Documentation Services observed every single action of Cathy and recorded the tiniest blip of data. They had drones hovering above her, recording the slightest movement of the panicking woman and sensors on her body to monitor everything. Cathy heard the telltale noises coming from the right. It had to be only feet away. She readied her gun.

The dream sequences played in quick succession, her army-issued love toy was buried deep in her dripping sex. Despite the lethal danger her body was aroused as it could be. She was in a constant state of almost-climax which would drive any untrained female insane. But for her it only heightened her alertness.

Gun ready, she sneaked around the corner, prepared to eject the dildo any moment. There it was, stomping through the devastated remains of the previous battle. It was now or never.

Suddenly the Or'Gal turned around. It had sensed her, seen her! It's steel-like muscles contracted. In a blink of an eye it jumped and landed right in front of the nervous soldier. Cathy was impressed. Despite its wounds this monster was still incredibly agile and quite capable of killing her.

Well trained as she was, Cathy aimed with her gun and fired the first shot The steel rings around her full breasts tighten quickly and a healthy dose of milk hit the Or'Gal's head. The alien screeched in pain and lunged towards Cathy. Without thinking, Cathy's pussy clenched and ejected the fat dildo in a heartbeat. She was ready for combat.

The Or'Gal's intimidating sex organ pierced right through Cathy's pussy lips and penetrated her sex. She screamed, more in surprise than in pain as the hard, unyielding weapon entered her well lubricated hole in one quick jab. In contrast to Cathy's reaction, the Or'Gal didn't really register what was happening. It tried to pull its cock back again for a second attack but the previously lethal object was no more. A sorry stump of oozing, black alien matter was all that was left of the frightening weapon. Cathy looked at the melting thing and laughed. She laughed so hard she nearly passed out. But then she remembered were she was, what she needed to do, and she quickly covered the now panicking monster in her milk.

"That's how I like my enemies," she yelled, "A sorry little mess and no dick to speak of. Prepare to die!"

Cathy kept pumping her gun while she watched the Or'Gal slowly melt away in front of her until nothing but a black puddle was left of it. She adjusted her headset and gloated, "Mission complete! Request to return!" barely able to hold back.

"Permission granted! Fantastic job, soldier. Return to base!"

Without doubt the mission had been a resounding success. General Grand immediately ordered Vicky to train up the other squad members, including Vicky herself, and to use Cathy as the reference they need to match. Cathy was promoted on the spot to the rank of a Specialist to serve as first 'Head of Training and Examination' at the soon to be established Milk Force. She was undoubtedly enjoying the idea of training her fellow teammates and was looking forward to give back much of the attention she had received.

But the General didn't stop there. The attending staff had a whole host of improvement ideas and Grant ordered to implement all of them, including the suggestion to use better suited tracking equipment like a wearable that would track arousal and display the state in an easy to understand color code. Once implemented, the soldier would always be aware of her immediate combat readiness.

In parallel she ordered a documentation video of the successful strike, a short movie that would show just how well the new weapons worked and how Cathy had absolutely dominated that marauding Or'gal with her female 'charms'. In view of the expected scepticism and public backlash, Grand also ordered the creation of a more light-hearted, 'fun' promo video that would show just how great of a work place the military was for willing young women that wanted to defend their planet.

Cathy took particular pleasure in training Tracy. She subjected the randy bronze slut to extremely thorough attack simulations in the hope to pay her back. Tracy had to dance on the simulator like no one else before and had to exercise with the milk guns for hours each day. But to Cathy's dismay this freak enjoyed the rough treatment tremendously and kept teasing everyone involved. Any male participating in the training was severely at risk of constant harassment as the needy woman tried to get her lustful body under control.

Leila, Alice and Vicky received their fair share of training as well, and together they made sure that each and every squad member was capable of taking massive objects into their well-lubed holes at all times.

Phil faced a different kind of challenge. As he had proven himself very capable of creating the crucial memory sequences, he was tasked with repeating the exercise for all team members. And boy was he surprised about the dirty little fantasies those lovely young women dreamt up. Especially the pale, calm redhead Alice surprised - and scared - him quite a bit. But to know that he would be the star of these women's dreams, the one that will keep them always wet and ready as soon as they think of him, was all he ever needed to be truly happy. 

A few months later, in a brief moment of reflection, Vicky looked back at what they had achieved, what the Doc had managed to pull off with the help of her squad. This tiny group of people had turned the tide, had shown that it was possible to fight back at an enemy that was deemed unbeatable. Now they all were war heroes and were training scores of young woman so they could be deployed in battle. The Or'Gal already retreated, their numbers greatly reduced. Humanity was on the way to victory and each and every man and woman was grateful for what Vicky and her team had achieved. 

Almost since the day the video of Cathy's successful strike had been broadcasted, girls in the streets proudly paraded in skimpy outfits, showing off their own charms in a demonstration of human pride. And it didn't take long for the fashion industry to catch up. By now most people were proudly exposing themselves and hiding one's naughty bits was already considered unpatriotic, not only for females but for males as well. It was obvious to Vicky that the long term effect of the team's work would be tremendous, that the existing traditions and power structures in the military and elsewhere would soon crumble as droves of young, motivated women joined the ranks. And as expected, many men were still struggling with being relegated to the back seat and had to learn their new roles. Vicky chuckled as she thought of her own husband, how proud he was for her but at the same time couldn't get his head around the idea that it would be him now taking the role of the caring husband waiting for his badass killer wife to return from battle. Things had changed for sure.