 Aldric heard the sounds of a struggle and cries for help, so he moved swiftly around the corner. Scanning the scene, he saw four armed men in the process of abducting a young girl. Leaning against the wall, he drawled sarcastically, "Four of you? Does it take so many to capture one girl? Is she very dangerous?"

The leader snarled, "None would dare interfere with our mission." 

Aldric sighed, and said, "One would," and drew his sword. The leader held the girl, as his three apprentices attacked. They were no match for Aldric's swordsmanship and dispatched them swiftly. The leader let the girl go, and with a snarl of rage, attacked. He was slightly more skilled but met the same fate soon enough. As Aldric's sword sank into him, the leader gasped, "You fool. You don't know what you've done." 

Aldric chuckled, "Yes, I do. I've killed the sort of men who abduct young girls."

Aldric turned to the girl, who seemed shaken, but not too much worse for wear after the encounter. He offered to see her home safely, to avoid any further unpleasantness. She informs him that she's staying in the Foreign Quarter a short distance away. 

They hadn't gone far when the girl stumbles a little. He catches her and notices that her skin feels like it's burning, as he senses a wave of heat wash over him. He feels strangely aroused, but it passes. She looks faint, and Aldric suspects that the encounter affected her more than she initially let on. Aldric scoops her into his arms and proceeds to carry her. She sighs contentedly as her head nestles against his firm chest.

Soon, they arrive at her quarters. She invites the warrior in, offering a drink, which he gratefully accepts. She asks if she can freshen up briefly after her ordeal. "Of course," Aldric replies and relaxes on the couch to which she'd pointed. She disappears into the other room, but returns quickly, looking radiant. Aldric had never seen anyone so lovely and is at a loss for words.

"So, who were those men, slavers?", he inquires. 

"No," she replies, "they were temple priests, hunting a succubus."

"Superstitious fools," he scoffs.

She smiles, and says, "No, they were quite right, I am a succubus." She pauses, and sensually exhales an intoxicating mist in his direction. The air between them shimmers, and he feels the same heated sensation he felt earlier again ass over his body, and a familiar feeling stirs his loins.

She moves toward him, shrugging off her robe so that the only thing covering her breasts is her long, lustrous black hair. His eyes widen, as she moves slowly toward him, and wraps him in a sensual embrace. He tries to remember why he should fear a succubus, but his memory fails him.

She reaches up languorously, draping her arms around his neck, pulling herself closer so that her breasts are pressing against his chest. She whispers, "I was made to give and take pleasure. Shouldn't we enjoy ourselves?" She kisses him, and he responds in kind. He's never felt anything like the heat surging through him, and as she breaks the kiss, she playfully beckons him to follow her to her bed.

The seductive demon lies down slowly, motioning for the warrior to join her on the bed, with her legs slightly parted. The sight of her pussy transfixes him, and he can smell her sweet aroma from several feet away. Aldric kneels between her parted legs and begins to worship her inner thighs, kissing each gently as he works his way to her love tunnel. It tastes so sweet as he caresses it with his lips, tongue, and fingers. The demoness, sighs, stretching slowly and whispers, "Who would have thought losing your soul could be this much fun?"

Aldric doesn't hear that as her thighs are pressing against his ears, and his focus is on pleasing the lovely creature who is plotting his demise. His tongue and fingers take turns dancing on her clitoris and tracing the edge of her labia. She begins to squirm and moan, and in the back of his mind, a desperate hope forms that if he is found sufficiently pleasing, he might be able to escape. Her breathing quickens, her abdomen convulses, and her legs press inward as though she were trying to crack his skull. Her orgasm sweeps over her, and she runs her hands through his hair. "Thank you, my love," she coos, "I think you will do quite nicely."

He continues to lavish her sopping wet pussy with affection, so he doesn't hear her. With surprising strength for a woman so small, she pulls his hair so that he's forced to kiss his way up her abdomen, drawing his face close to hers. She kisses him gently, with love. Their tongues revel in each other's mouths, until she breaks the kiss, and orders him to enter her. 

Unable to resist, he sinks in slowly, but firmly until embedded to the hilt. He feels the seductress' nipples stiffen against his muscular chest and begins to thrust slowly in and out. He feels her heated mouth on his neck as she whispers words in a language he can't understand. Her breath is sweetly intoxicating, wiping his earlier hopes of escape from his mind.

Soon, all too soon, he erupts with a violent spasm, spurting deep into her. He doesn't realize it, but her breath releases a powerful stimulant keeping him aroused.

"Oh, you are a strong one, I can see. It is going to be delightful, taking your soul, one orgasm at a time."

Hearing her discuss his soul's fate reminds him that he should be trying to flee or fight her off, but he quickly forgets the thought as she kneels on all fours in front of him.

"Time for my favorite, take me doggy style, love." Her hips sway gently back and forth, and he grips them firmly and makes his entrance again. He starts slowly, gradually increasing his pace. The pleasure is overwhelming, and he slows his pace, alternating long, smooth strokes, with shorter, quicker ones. She turns her head, smiling with ecstasy. He releases her hips, reaching further for her breasts. He catches her nipples between his fingers, rolling them with varying degrees of pressure, as he continues to thrust. He erupts again, yet neither of the lovers is satisfied.

She laughs, "Don't worry, my love. We've only just started. Your life as you know it will end this evening, but you'll be my companion for eternity." 

Aldric doesn't notice that his skin is becoming harder, shinier and blacker as he continues to make love to her. With each successive orgasm, her power continues to draw his life force from him, replacing it with a small portion of her own. His mind is unable to focus on anything other than the pleasure he is giving the beautiful demoness.

After several hours of lustful, insatiable sex, the transformation is complete. Aldric's body is nearly solid obsidian, enshrouded in flickering flames.

She claps delightedly at his new form. "It seemed so unkind to devour you after you saved my life. I've decided to keep you as a lover and a bodyguard. Your new form will allow you to protect me from all manner of threats, human or infernal. Even angelic."

Aldric looks at his new form in the mirror next to the bed. He is much larger than he'd been and feels nearly invulnerable due to the essence she imparted to him. He notices two stubs at the back of his shoulders and looks at her quizzically. She giggles, "Yes, sorry. The wings take a few days to grow in. Now get back here and wrap me in those arms so that we can sleep."

He obeys and sighs contentedly. He can't remember why he ever wanted to escape.