 Chapter 02: Natalie's War

[This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities are purely coincidental.]

[C] Copyright 2008 M Saint

------------------------[ Natalie ]--------------------------

Seven years had passed and Natalie stood in the midst of dust and debris, 18 years of age, and all woman. She stood at 5'11", muscular build on a thin frame, with dark brown hair and hazel eyes.

The summer heat felt harsh on her skin as the air filled with smoke. The war between the living and the dead had come, and many survivors kept shelter in underground holds, buildings that were boarded up tight, and even prisons that were kept locked tight. Zombies were still weak, but grew desperate as their need to feed became more aggressive.

Gina had long since died. An attack on her and Natalie on the outskirts of Ohio left Gina in a state of shock. Her throat had been ripped out, and her left hand ripped clean off. Gina died in Natalie's arms, as Natalie was only 15 years of age.

As Natalie stood on rubble, and looked around, zombies shuffled towards her, moaning and biting at her. Natalie pulled out her pistol from her belt and took aim for one of their heads. She fired, and it dropped to the ground as its head exploded. As she took aim for another, a zombie jumped at her from the side. It grabbed at her trying to bite her, and rip at her body. It succeeded in tearing half her shirt off, when she stuck the barrel to its forehead and let it pop a round through the zombie brain. Coagulated blood splattered like goo into the air, and the creature dropped to the side. Natalie lifted herself up, and ran for hiding.

Natalie made it to a building, and crept inside. All the windows were already boarded up, but some looked unstable. Finding a switch, she flipped it to see if lights would work. Nothing. The place was dim, with some light spots from holes in the roof. Natalie made her way through the place, and saw a flashlight sitting upright on a table. She grabbed it, and flipped the switch. The light shined bright as she pointed it forward in front of her, and again made her way around. Silence everywhere.

As Natalie stepped into the center of the warehouse building, she looked up to see several decayed bodies hanging from ropes and cables. They were not moving, and that only assured Natalie more that to become one of them, you need only be bitten by one.

The smell of rotting flesh filled the air, and Natalie walked on holding her weapon in front, in case of a surprise attack. Towards the back, the sounds of someone beating on a metal door of some sort. Natalie gripped her pistol tightly, creeping slow at first, then faster readying herself for anything. As she looked around the corner, a large steel door was shut, but screams were heard from just behind it. Natalie walked closer to the door, gripped the handle as it released the outer lock, and yanked it open.

"What the fuck!" A dirty man screamed, as he came face to face with the end of the gun.

"Who the fuck are you?" Natalie boomed. "What were you doing in there? Are you infected?" She screamed back.

"No! No, I'm not one of them. I haven't been bitten, see?" The man said as he showed her every part of his body.

"Put your fucking clothes back on," Natalie said, as the man did as he was told.

"I'm Nash," The man spoke, shaking nervously.

"I'm Natalie," She answered, "Come with me."

They walked away from the run down freezer hold where Nash had sat alone in hiding. They scrambled over piles of dirt, and Nash almost froze as he saw the bodies that hung over them. His eyes widened as he noticed the upright darkened blue faces, with tongues hanging from the mouths.

"I....I..I worked here once, you know," Nash told her, still shaking.

"Quiet!" They paused.

Down a corridor, shadows piled on the walls, as moans and screams echoed in the distance. The zombies were moving quicker, and their need to feed was becoming more vital to their survival.

"Run!" Natalie alarmed Nash. They ran out from the building, and down the empty road escaping the group of flesh eaters.

Behind a large dump area, a tanker roared as it crashed through taking a handful of zombies along for the ride.

"Whoa," Nash muttered.

The tanker came to a sudden halt, and Natalie looked up into the cab, waving her gun to the driver.

"Oh get in! I'm not gonna hurt ya." A large man grumbled.

Natalie walked to the passenger side of the cab, and hopped in the front seat, leaving the small back area for Nash to sit in.

"This town is thick with 'em," The trucker said, "So I suggest we make a run for it, and head straight for the next one," He finished.

"They are everywhere," Natalie said, almost interrupting the driver. "Where do you suggest we go?" She concluded.

"My brother's weapon shop," He answered.

Natalie had a smile on her face, and asked, "How much?"

"Everything, Darlin'" He assured her. "Just about every kind of weapon you can think of."

"What's the catch?" Natalie asked, wondering if there was a motive.

"Well, I'd let you blow my dick, but it hasn't worked since 1987." He said to Natalie. "My brother shot a hole in it."

Natalie chuckled a bit, and Nash let out a laugh. The man put on a smile and continued to drive.

"I'm Rico by the way," The man introduced himself.

"Natalie. Shakes back there is Nash," She responded.

"Hey now," Nash looked up at her.

The three headed for the next city over, passing corpses in the road, and even smashing head on a few walkers. Dust and blood spilled from their heads as they landed on the pavement. They continued on their journey.

------------------------[ Helvon City ]-------------------------

"Here we are," Rico announced. "Hell City," He laughed.

"Okay! Let's get in, and get the fuck out!" Natalie commanded as she hopped out of the passenger side, landing firm on the ground below.

"She always like this?" Rico asked Nash.

"Unfortunately," Nash responded, slightly less shaky as he talked.

"I like 'em rough," Rico blared, putting another smile on as he too lept from the cab. Nash followed.

Natalie took aim with her pistol and was about to shoot at the padlock on the gated door, when Rico stepped in hollering, "Wait! I have the key."

Natalie stepped back as Rico unlocked the padlock and pulled open the gate. It made a rough, rusty noise. As Rico unlocked the main door-lock, he pushed open the door. A bell rang upon entering.

Each one scrambled quickly to find fitting pistols, and gun belts.

Natalie broke the pistol case, and reached for two matching berettas. Stacks of ammo were on a shelf behind the counter, and she quickly grabbed a pouch to fill.

"Here, take this," Rico tossed her a pump action shotgun. She grabbed a bag this time, and filled it with extra pistols and ammo.

Nash walked with Rico to a digital safe hidden in the back. Rico tapped in the code, and the door unlocked. Dust fell from the top, and as it cleared, a set of custom uzi's sat directly in the middle.

"May I?" Nash asked Rico with a spark in his eyes.

"Hell if you can use 'em, you can keep 'em," Rico answered, reaching for the top as his hands grazed his brothers classic 9mm beretta. "Bingo."

They walked back out to the floor, as Nash continued to adore his new weaponry.

"Don't forget these," Rico said, tossing a small bag full of clips to Nash.

"Let's lock it up," Natalie said to the other two. "Darkness falls, and we need rest for the day ahead."

"Good thinkin'" Rico answered, locking the gate, and then the main door. "This place is sealed up tight," He assured them. "We'll be safe."

Natalie moved to the safe room to set up a small spot to sleep in. Nash followed. 

Rico opened the door to an empty storage room, and huddled there. He looked in the corner, and saw a small box filled with dusty bottles. As he reached in, he grabbed one and dusted it off. "Whiskey," He mumbled. "Brother, you shouldn't have," He toasted the air.

In the other room, Nash sat down next to Natalie. "I think today is my birthday," He said, unsure of what the days date was.

"You don't know?" She asked him.

"Not really. I tried to keep track, but I was locked inside of a freezer for days. Thank God it didn't work," He opened to Natalie. "The smell was horrible." He tried to laugh a little.

"Hey look, I'm sorry if I upset you by the things I say," She said to Nash. "It's been so long since I was around the living, I almost thought I was the only one left. Then I met you, and I immediately took control. If I'm not, then anything could happen."

"It's okay."

She continued. "I lost a dear friend of mine three years ago. She was my protector. She died trying to save me." Natalie began to cry a little, with tears welling in her eyes.

"Hey," Nash interrupted, "It's going to be alright. I'm not so bad. I'll protect you any way I can. Nash put his arms around her shoulder and pulled her close. Natalie admired his body, feeling comforted and protected under his tall, slim figure. Looking into his brown eyes, she said to him, "I'm a virgin."

"I.....it's okay."

"I want to have sex....with you, now," She stammered out, as she lifted her top over her small but perky breasts.

Nash's eyes opened wide as he reached out to touch one of them. They were soft in his hand, and he leaned in to take her right nipple into his mouth. He began to suckle on it and taste it as he wiggled his tongue gently.

"Oh, that's so nice," Natalie said under her breath.

Nash lifted up and took off his shirt, revealing a rather built chest considering his actual build.

Natalie looked on as she undone the strap on her pants and pulled them down off her legs. Her excitement unmasked her true self as she slowly, and sensually lowered her panties down past her ankles, and off the end of her feet.

"Wow, you look incredible," Nash gulped as he spoke. He quickly unfastened his pants, and pulled them off his legs. Down went his boxers too, as he slid them off. He admired and lusted now for Natalie's slightly fuzzy, pink mound.

"Just fuck me!" Natalie demanded, as Nash stroked his fully erect penis preparing for entry.

"Take it slow," She paused, making sure that he heard her.

As Nash placed the tip to her virgin hole, he slowly pressed in, making Natalie jump, then let go. He pressed further inside, as her tight cunt wrapped around his shaft. He pressed harder, and felt himself reach the end as his body pressed tight against hers.

"It hurts," She said feeling pain.

"It will go away, I promise," Nash assured her, still pressing in deep.

As he continued to press in, he pulled out a little, and pushed easily back inside. The pain soon went away, and Nash thrust his hard cock into her fulfilling pussy. She winced at first, then began to moan as he stroked in and out feeling the walls of her caverns wrap tight around him.

Rico looked up from his spot to the doorway, as he heard Natalie moan in pleasure. "Oh hell," He said as he looked down at his dick. "Can't use that," He groaned. "I can still eat pussy!" He yelled into the hallway. Natalie continued to moan.

Nash pounded now at her willing cunt, and she moaned louder nearing her very first orgasm. "I think I'm gonna cum!" She screamed, excited that it was going to happen. She released an intense, wet orgasm that leaked down Nash' shaft. He continued to thrust harder as he held back his own orgasm hungering for more of her tiny pussy. The lips hugged his cock as he moved in and out at a fast pace. He couldn't hold in much longer his own, and let go a hot load of cum filling her womb. They pressed together tightly as he did so, and Natalie lay against Nash' chest.

Rico leaned back against the wall, and took another gulp of whiskey from the bottle. Soon, they all lay fast asleep. Natalie wrapped up next to Nash, and Rico on the floor in the next room.

----------------------[ Rise And Shine? ]----------------------

Sometime, in the middle of the night, Natalie woke to the constant moans of the dead, outside. She was naked from head to toe, grabbing her pistol and getting up to see how the situation was going. Looking out the window toward the front of the store, she saw a small handful of zombies. The gate was still padlocked, and the door remained shut tight, "But for how long?" She thought.

"Hey, you're lookin' pretty Darlin'," Rico mumbled, waking from a hard hangover, and rubbing his forehead.

Natalie smiled. She knew that he meant well, and the compliment made her blush, making her feel like a woman.

"Jus' complimentin'," He concluded.

"That's sweet, thank you," She said to him, not bothering to cover herself. She was a woman, but still felt tough. Her body was incredible, but she never let vulnerability overcome her.

"Yes, you're welcome," He responded, putting on his usual good hearted smile.

Natalie walked towards Rico and lay next to him, feeling the warmth of his body and smelling the scent of whiskey on his breath. She buried her face in his chest, and felt tired again. Soon, they both fell back to sleep.

Moments after they drifted off, a zombie smashed into the steel gate at the front entrance. This awoke the two, and they stammered to the center of the shop room.

Nash rushed out to meet them, pulling up his pants and handing Natalie her clothes. As they put them on, Rico grabbed his bags. Nash followed, and handed Natalie hers before kissing her deeply on her lips.

"If they get enough of them, I think that they could break through," Nash hollered.

"No! The gate is solid," Rico echoed, "They aren't that strong!"

"But the gate is rusted through. Look!," Nash pointed to the side. As he did so, a large handful of zombies rammed the gate. The rust crumbled, and the gate cracked in several spots.

"Fuck!" Natalie screamed.

They raised their weapons and took no chances. Without hesitation, they unloaded several rounds into the rotting heads of their enemies. The gate remained cracked, but it was only a small opening that wouldn't let anything through.

"Ready?" Rico roared.

They reloaded their small weapons. Nash loaded his twin uzi's, and Natalie equipped her shotgun.

"Set..." Rico again trailed on. He turned the knob, quickly opening the door to unlock the gate lock. "Go!" His voice boomed, alerting more creatures to their location. The three burst from the building, pointing their weapons and shooting at every moving thing that got in their way.

Natalie took aim with her shotgun, blasting a large, open hole into one of the zombie's chest, and pumped again before once again firing. This time, she landed the target, and the head exploded as the remaining corpse fell to the ground. Maggots crawled from out of the open neck, feeding on dry flesh and dirt.

"Get to the truck!" Rico ordered. As they scrambled to the truck, Rico was grabbed by the back and pulled to the ground. Several zombies bit into his neck, arms and ripped off his left leg. Rico screamed, "Shoot me! For Gods sake, shoot me!"

Nash ran around to the other side, and popped a single bullet into Rico's skull. The bullet tore into his brain, and he died instantly.

Nash grabbed hold of Natalie's waist, and hurriedly tossed her up into the drivers side seat. She climbed over and filled the passenger side. Nash leaped in, and holding his bag and Natalie's, he tossed them into the back.

"Can you drive this truck?" Natalie asked Nash.

"I think so," He replied. "I used to ride with my dad when we made deliveries across the country," He finished, as he looked around for the keys. "Oh fuck," He mumbled, as he looked down at Rico's dead body, still being eaten by flesh eaters.

"What?" Natalie asked.

Nash grabbed his uzi's and let off several rounds temporarily impairing numerous zombies. He opened the door and hopped out, landing at the foot of Rico. He quickly scanned the ground and pockets for the keys, and found them on a clip that hung to Rico's belt. He grabbed them, and saw Rico's brothers custom 9mm beretta laying 5 feet behind him. Making a daring move, he snatched it up, and hurried back to the truck cab. As he hopped in, a zombie bit into the flesh on his left leg. Nash kicked at it before completely entering the truck and shutting the door. He noticed that the truck had been equipped with an automatic shift. "Incredible," He whispered. Nash turned the key, pulled the handle and put the truck into gear. The truck thundered from its parking spot, and made haste down the road.

Natalie ripped off part of her shirt and tied it around the wound as Nash continued to drive.

"I can't....go on like this," He said to her, trying to calm his pain. "You must take the wheel. You have to!." He started to feel dizzy.

He parked on the side of the road leaving the truck running while he switched seats with her. Natalie started to cry, and she knew that it was only a matter of time before she would lose her new love. She pulled him close to her breast and hugged him tight. Leaning down, she planted a soft kiss on his lips.

"You'll have to leave me here," He said to her as he was drifting off.

"No," I can't leave you," She cried hard as the tears gushed down her cheeks.

"It's not an option," He told her. "You are going to leave me here." He leaned in for one last short kiss before turning around, opening the door and jumping outside from the cab.

Natalie cried, but wiped away her tears as she knew what had to be done. Putting the truck into gear, she slowly eased her way to the road and moved on. Nash looked at her from behind, and he soon faded away past the dust and debris.

The sun was rising, and Natalie started to cry again. The sunrise that was meant for happiness and new beginnings only made her heart break more. She continued down the road.

------------------------[ Later Days ]-------------------------

Natalie entered a small town, and halted the large tanker. The gas gauge read near E, and she looked around the deserted area to see if there was a fuel station or anything else that may be useful.

As she looked around, the door opened quick and a large hand grabbed her, pulling her out and slamming her to the ground.

"Stay the fuck down!" The voice of a man screamed at her. His face came into view. A tall, built man with tattered clothes looked down at her. He wore a long beard, with long matching brown hair, and darkened eyes. Natalie couldn't make out the color.

Out of the corners of the small buildings, another man walked out, and he pulled with her a frail woman. Her hair was matted to her head, and the dress she wore was ripped in the center. It left nothing to the imagination. Her small breast hung out, and her pubic area was covered in thick, dark hair. She giggled along and kept looking back and forth between Natalie and the man to gain his approval.

The other man was almost identical to the large man who had grabbed her. The only difference was that his hair was missing pieces and his clothes were caked in dirt, and signs of blood were smeared across his shirt.

As Natalie looked back up at the man who held her to the ground, a swift blow from his fist connected to her head and she was knocked out-cold.

She woke some time later, as she was laying on her back in a room. Light crept in from cracks in the boarded window. Nothing remained in the room, except for a dirty bed. She scrambled to her feet and searched for anything that may be useful. Peering at the gap in the window, she noticed a single nail that dangled out and was ready to fall. She moved slowly to grab it. At first it remained in place, but then it pulled out. She held it in her hand, placing it between her fingers and pushed against her palm. 

The door opened, and the man who held the woman previously entered. "Fresh meat!" He said to her, smiling and showing his rotted teeth.
