 (Author's Note: I was going to warn sensitive Christian readers to avoid this tale but it occurred to me that such people would not be reading rape-fantasy stories anyway. So no such warning is offered.

Everyone involved in the action in this story is not only least eighteen but is also entirely fictional. And I do not condone real life forced sex in any way, ever.

Comments and emails are greatly appreciated, even those registering loathing and disgust.)

*

As she walked through the twisted cobbled streets of Spignos, Erin had to pause frequently to get her bearings in the old medieval streets that wandered up the contours of the hills around the bay. The buildings were wedged onto the slopes organically, almost randomly, in a tangled mess of narrow alleys, steps and decaying cobbled thoroughfares. With poor beaches and inconveniently located, there was no tourist industry and the town remained naturally quaint and shoddy. The streets smelled of sweat, fish and untended sewage and the buildings were constructed of crumbling stone and cracked whitewash. The locals were a swarthy, hairy and large people who warily watched her pass with dark-eyed suspicion. There was nothing really remarkable about Spignos, it was just another island in the Mediterranean where people had worked and lived for millennia doing the same things they had always done. It was all entirely usual except for a statistical anomaly that Erin had noticed back at Princeton.

After spending most of her twenties studying anthropology, sociology and a handful of languages, Erin was finally in the last push to earn her doctorate. Working on her thesis, she had been going through a dump of data from the World Health Organization and discovered that the little isle of Spignos had an unusually high rate of birth related vaginal trauma. When she cross-checked against other statistics she saw that the crime rate was reported as zero, the rate at which young people left for the big cities was zero, and the divorce rate read "none". She probably would have just shrugged it off if she hadn't received an invitation to a conference in Vienna. Since her doctoral thesis was in women's health issues, she decided to hop down to Greece after she was done in Vienna and personally check out the Isle of Spignos.

When Erin got to the island she found it to be exactly the kind of feudal backwater she had expected. When she tried to talk with the authorities she was laughed at, told to leave and/or verbally molested. She had always been considered an attractive woman and was familiar with the difficulty of being taken seriously as such; but Spignos was extreme. She sought out some women to interview, but they tended to stubbornly clam up or to giggle and hurry away.

At the end of her first day Erin returned to the inn dejected. As she ate her meal of fish-paste, cheese and pita (it was all they served), the kind old waiter suggested that Erin take a look at the ruins of the old convent. "It is the only history our simple old town has," he explained. She asked for details, but he could only tell her that the convent was closed for heresy three hundred years ago. She couldn't get any further information from him, he just kept saying "Go up and look. It will change your life". Her interest aroused, she resolved to walk up to the ruins the next day.

Now she found herself near the highest streets in town. She stopped again, checking the skyline for signs of the ruins. 

When she looked back down to the street, one of the locals was standing about twenty feet away. He was built like all of the men of the island; over six and a half feet tall, hairy and muscled like a bull. His dark eyes inspected her coolly. His glare worked up her long body, checked out the swell of her ass, lingered on the curve of her breasts, swept up her long, naturally dark-red hair and finally met her big, dark-brown eyes. She scowled at him, but he just smiled. Reaching into his old baggy trousers he made a show of laboriously adjusting his manhood. She turned and walked away with a huff, chased by his laughter.

Her lean body and full, c-cup breasts had left her open to this type of thing her whole life, but she was still wildly irritated. In the previous two days she had discovered that what is normal summer-wear in America and most of Europe elicited drooling leers from the local men. She had considered wearing something more concealing today, but when she felt the midday heat she decided she would rather be brave than uncomfortable. Now sure enough, her white tank top and khaki shorts were bringing the local Neanderthals out of the woodwork.

She ducked around a corner and there in front of her was the old convent gate, the bleak walls of the ruins loomed up on the crest of the hill beyond.

"Miss!" said a woman's voice in English. She turned to see an older woman wearing the traditional island clothing of an off-white peasant's dress; ankle length, but cut low at the bosom. She was different. Her gray-streaked blond hair peeked from under her kerchief and her green eyes and moderate breasts were nothing like the ample, dark-eyed, olive-skinned local women. With her were two young women, both looked to be in their late teens. They regarded her curiously. She could see in their faces that they were the older woman's daughters, but she couldn't see which daughter was younger. One had green eyes and dark curly hair that coiled out from under her head scarf, the other had dark brown eyes and unruly dirty blond hair spilled out around her face. Both had the large breasts typical of Spignos women which strained heavily against the lacing on their low-cut peasant dresses.

After speaking Greek for a couple of days in a row, the English startled Erin. "Um, hi", she said.

"I have to ask you, are you going to the ruins?" she asked in an English accent. 

"Yes. I thought I'd take a look."

"You shouldn't go. Forget the ruins and leave this island."

"Why? What's going on?"

"Nothing." she looked frantically left and right, "There is nothing to see in those ruins and there is nothing to see here on this island. Now go!"

"The old waiter at the inn said they'd change my life..."

"He did?" said the older woman in a falling voice. Her face flushed scarlet. Flustered she grabbed her two daughters and started hurrying away.

"What's going on?" Erin shouted after her.

She wavered, a little creeped out. Looking around she saw a couple of young mothers and their kids checking her out. One woman had a boy and a girl about the same age. Twins, Erin guessed. The other woman was older looking and had six kids; two about four, two about seven, two about twelve... three sets of twins. She realized that every family she'd seen on this island involved sets of twins. Weird.

Erin was suddenly eager to get out of this town for awhile. She started herself up through the old gate toward the ruins. The path twisted and turned through cluttered underbrush, but was itself very clear, like it was used frequently. The sea breeze was stronger up above the buildings and she felt the oppressive oddness of the town float away.

When she got to the old convent she was panting from the climb and perspiring freely. As she sat in the shade and caught her breath she looked around and decided the ruins of the old convent really weren't very impressive. It looked like it had been pretty humble in life and it made for bland ruins. Erin got up and started walking around, trying to figure out the old layout of the place and catching views of the sea. That's when she found it.

It was in an alcove in an uncollapsed part of the old chapel. Obviously meant to be hung on the wall it was now merely propped up for display. The crucifix was nine or ten feet tall, carved in limestone, with a life sized Jesus straining against the nails in the cross. What made the sculpture so odd was that this Jesus had a vagina; a grooved, two inch diameter hole where the loin cloth should have been. Furthermore, the sculptor's attempt to portray Christ's agony resembled something more like orgasmic ecstasy, making the whole thing pretty silly looking.

As Erin finally got control of her laughter, she brought her camera up to her face. She couldn't believe this place wasn't famous with something ridiculous like that lying around. She was lining the picture up in the viewfinder when something smacked the camera away from her face; sending it shattering against the old stone floor.

Her face stinging, she whirled around to find a local man standing beside her. "You are trespassing," he growled in Greek. Behind him loomed another man staring blankly at her.

"Ow! You dick!" she yelled back in English.

They were smaller than most Spignos men, but still big; a little under six feet tall and barrel-chested. The one nearest to her brought his left hand up fast, clamped it around Erin's neck and shook her roughly. "You are breaking the rules," he said menacingly.

"Stop that!" she choked out in Greek; fighting the urge to cry.

The other man moved closer. The two looked like brothers; maybe another set of twins. The second man moved behind her. He her seized her arms and held them together at the elbows allowing his brother to let go of her neck.

"You broke the rules," laughed the big man behind her.

Erin tried to pull herself free, but the man was far too strong. "Let me go, let me go!" she started yelling while kicking wildly at both men.

The one in front of her unsheathed a very large knife. He raised it up so the tip was pointing down, aimed at the base of her exposed neck. Her pride forgotten, she begged for him to put the blade away, but that merely elicited chuckles from her tormentors. He began sliding the flat of the knife down her upper chest, down her cleavage, under the snap of her bra. Then, in a flash, he whipped the knife towards the ground, slicing open her tank top and bra; spilling her breasts into the afternoon sun.

With her arms pinioned behind her, Erin's bare chest was thrust out for their inspection. They ogled her breasts, commenting to each other on how they were smaller than they were used to. She felt a slight, stinging pain and looked down. Beneath her heaving breasts she could see his sloppy knife-work had left a six inch long scratch down her upper abdomen that was starting to leak dribbles of blood. 

The sight of her own blood freaked her out. She screamed and screamed, but the brothers didn't seem to mind. The one in front of her dropped down to his left knee and brought his face to her chest. His fat, foul smelling tongue began lapping around her breasts as the thick stubble on his face abraded her smooth skin. Behind her, the man shifted his grip so he held her arms in one hand and reached down to began fondling her ass through her shorts; roughly squeezing and kneading her firm, trembling buttocks in his huge, powerful hand.

Her throat raw from screaming, Erin resorted to sobbing and begging. She felt her arms released and she was tossed head first to a low part of the floor where a large but shallow puddle had collected from the previous night's rain. Sobbing, she lifted her face up from the mud. Maybe that was all, she thought, maybe they're just trying to scare me away. But when she peeked through her disheveled, mud spattered, auburn hair that hung down across her face, she saw them approaching again; the front flap of their loose pants open and their penises standing straight out and swaying with their gait. Their members were big, both extending at least eight inches out; each over two inches in diameter and uncircumcised. She gasped and tried to scurry away but one of their meaty paws clutched her ankle and pulled her on her belly through the mud.

"You broke the rules," One of them taunted through a clenched tooth smile as he picked her up by a handful of hair on the back of her head. She was thrown again; backwards across the ruined chapel where she hit something hard and blacked out.

Erin regained consciousness. She was slumped against cold stone with a huge hairy pelvis crowding in on either side of her head. She cowered in horror as the two large filthy cocks were wielded in large filthy hands; poking, stroking and slapping her in the face as deep, brutish voices laughed at her from above.

Erin hadn't been a perfect person in her life, but she considered herself an "honorable" woman. She didn't party very much in college since she had been determined to stay focused on academics. She rarely went "all the way" unless she was in love and in a long-term, committed relationship. Consequently, the total of her sexual partners could be counted on one hand. She had briefly experimented with giving her steady high school boyfriend oral sex, but as a strident young feminist she decided it was degrading and vowed never to do it again.

But now she found herself backed into a corner, smeared with mud, sobbing through tightly clenched teeth with two huge cocks pushing against her firmly closed lips. A hand grabbed a mass of hair on the top of her head and yanked back sharply, smacking her skull against the stone again. When her mouth popped open involuntarily, the head of one was thrust in, only to be withdrawn and replaced by the other. Their dicks tasted awful and the rank, musky smell that came off their matted, greasy public hair left her fighting down waves of nausea as they alternated jamming their cock-heads into her mouth. She considered biting down, just shearing one off for good, but she was so afraid. She hoped, she prayed, they would finish soon and leave her alone.

One backed off and started to stroke himself while the other stepped over to straddle her body; his big malodorous member swaying above her. He seemed to delight in the fear in her eyes as his dick hung inches from her face. 

As he brought it to Erin's lips she felt her old self; the scholar, the doctoral candidate, the good girl; slip away. Just wanting it to be over, she opened her lips and took him in. He pushed it back, but the giant shaft only moved a couple inches before hitting her gag zone and she retched involuntarily. He laughed again and she looked up at him, searching for pity. She got none. With both hands he grabbed her head, pulled it up and tilted it back. He began feeding his cock into her mouth again. Back it went, back and back and back. Erin's eyes widened in shock as she felt it pass over her tongue, under her uvula and down, way down, her throat until finally her face was mashed into the foul carpet of coarse hair around the base of his prick. He pulled it all of the way out again, allowing her to gasp air and then he was driving down again. It was curious as she felt him fuck her throat. She could feel every ridge, every vein of his cock as it slipped forward and backward along the delicate flesh of her esophagus. He pumped it up and down her throat with a leisurely rhythm, pausing every half minute or so to let her gulp some air before resuming her violation. 

It shocked her when she realized she had stopped resisting and was focusing on the sensation of smooth sexual friction along the sensitive skin of her throat. The realization made her recommence her futile struggling as if to prove her reluctance to herself.

As he began increasing the tempo Erin felt him growing even larger. He was getting close to climax and was reluctant to pull back to allow her air. She began struggling, desperately trying to breathe but he was too strong. She felt the world recede as her brain starved for oxygen. This, THIS is how I die!? She thought with bitter self pity. But as she finally gave in to her extinction his cock began to tremble and then pump. It was still spewing copious quantities of his brutish seed as he yanked it from her throat and out of her mouth; spraying a trail of semen down her throat, over her tongue and across her face. The salty, musky taste of his sperm infected her mouth and she fell to the ground retching and spitting out his cum. But the other brute grabbed her by the back of the neck and before she knew it her mouth was being invaded once more. 

He was gentler than the first. He was content to hold the head of his cock in her mouth and stroke his shaft while she worked the underside of his head with her tongue. She desperately wanted him to finish, for all this to be over, so she genuinely did her best for him. It wasn't long before he started throbbing and a flood of cum filled her mouth and gushed from the gaps between her lips and his shaft to splatter against her mud smeared breasts.

They had both finished and mercifully neither had violated her vagina (or worse). She still even had her shorts on. Her rape was over, she thought. She had survived! But as she looked up when the man in front of her stepped away, she saw four more of the beasts standing close by, ogling her with their stiff cocks out and in hand. It was then that she realized that her years of ambition and achievement had been for nothing. She would be used and reused as a sex toy by these brutes until she was used up. It was then that Erin knew that she would probably die on this island. 

The four jerk-offs approached while massaging their meat. She looked around frantically for a route to escape and noticed that she was cowering beneath the Vagina Christ. For some reason this struck her as too much. Sobbing, she gave in and waited for the cocks to start invading her.

But they didn't. The arranged themselves around her in a semi circle, still pulling their meat. They stroked slowly but with wild eyed intensity as they muttered to themselves in a language Erin didn't understand or even recognize. Her linguist's curiosity of what may well have been an undiscovered tongue died unborn in her as she hunkered down in fear of the coming flood. She raised her spread hands in a weak attempt to shield herself, but the two laughing brothers who had just orally raped her each grabbed an arm and stretched her wide open to their comrades' building ejaculations.

They all erupted within several seconds of each other in thick jets of hot semen that splattered across Erin's face and body to flow down her breasts and abdomen and soak into the waistband of her shorts. He sobbing was cut short when the dripping, half erect cocks of the four masturbators were brought to her mouth for cleaning. Powerless, she meekly sucked the last drops of cum from their softening, twitching cocks. As the last of the four was pulled from her between her lips, she was lifted to her feet and her arms tied tightly behind her. 

Erin was told to get moving. She assumed she would be brought to a shack in a remote area to be raped to death; her body fed to dogs. But they went back across the ruins to the path and started down towards the town. She hadn't had a chance to wipe herself off after her dousing in semen and strands of congealing spunk dripped and dangled from her chin and breasts; she had never felt so degraded. 

They were getting close to the town. Erin started to wonder if she should scream for help; maybe someone in the town would hear her from this close. But then one of her escorts started ringing a large bell and shouting, "Rules, rules, rules." Startled by the sudden noise she cowered, but they pushed her forward. Soon they walked into view of the gate and the town beyond. As she was marched into town women and men came into the street to watch her pass. Some pointed, some laughed, some leered, some just stared.

The group was met by the big lout she had encountered earlier on the way up to the ruins. He greeted her escorts and stepped in front of her. She was grabbed from behind and forced her to her knees. Erin looked up to see the lout smiling wickedly down at her; she looked around to see the townsfolk collecting around to watch. They smiled and pointed as he pushed his meat into her mouth and back down her gasping throat.
