 The old house on River Road creaked and groaned loudly, almost as if its elderly bones hurt. Nobody heard the sounds because the house was empty and had been since the last owners abandoned it in 1924. The grass had been taken over by straw grass and weeds. The bushes were over grown and scrapped against the clapboard siding. The screen door hung askew by one hinge and would soon be gone at the first winter wind.

Some people in the neighborhood claimed the house was haunted. Nobody knew for sure. The last owners packed their belongings into a truck and moved on to Seattle and never said a word. Still, the neighborhood wondered. Over the years, many stories had grown up about what old Mrs. Johnson called, "Strange happenings" around the house, but the kids in the neighborhood joked about it. It even became a test of courage to "run" the house as they called it.

A big, yellow moon rose low in the dark sky just above the trees surrounding the old house. The light from the moon bathed the property and surrounding neighborhood with a silvery glow. The evening sky was clear. The temperature was warm and had not yet dipped to the low 40's as was common in late October. But this night was special. 

Down the block near the corner of Juniper Lane, Jackie O'Donald held her hand over the phone in her bedroom. "Sally, are you ready to go yet? Bob is on his way."

"Just a minute," came the response from her room mate. "I'm almost done with Mr. Tidbits Western Civ assignment." Jackie had met Sally in Mr. Tidbits classroom. They both were wide-eyed freshman at the University. They became immediate friends. It wasn't long before they two moved in together at the apartment on Juniper Lane.

"Well, hurry up. Bob says people are already showing up for the party," Jackie called back.

Sally came into Jackie's bedroom and twirled around. "You like?" she asked smiling.

Jackie took in Sally's costume. Sally was dressed exactly like Jackie. The costumes consisted of a long, white gown of the sheerest rayon, ruffled at the neck and belted at the waist. Their brown hair had been dyed jet black. There faces were whitened with powder to offset the black eye liner they wore. Their lips were painted with fire engine red lip gloss. A small trickle of "blood" ran from the corners of their lips.

"Peeeerfect Vaaaampiresssss, Daaaalink," Jackie mimed the words.

The two women picked up their shawls from the hall tree in the corner and headed for the party. At the old house, Sally turned to Jackie.

"Wow. Wouldn't it be cool to run the old house on Halloween night? The guys the party will go just nuts when we tell them," she said enthusiastically.

"Yeah. That would be great. Let's do it."

The two danced up the four old wooden steps to the front door. "I bet it's locked," frowned Sally. She reached out and turned the knob and was surprised when the door swung open. The two women peered into the gloomy foyer. Sally turned and grinned. "Let's go." Sally stepped inside.

Many kids in the neighborhood had run the house over the years, tempting the ghosts and goblins. But even among the youngest, no one ever ran the house after dark. It was dark now. The two women looked at each other and shivered.

"Are you scared?" asked Sally.

"No. Are you?"

"No. Let's go."

Holding hands Jackie and Sally ran out of the foyer into the living room. The house creaked and groaned. The women laughed. 

"In here. What's in here?" laughed Sally as she ran toward the kitchen door. The kitchen was as old and decrepit as the house. Rust stained the old sink. The linoleum on the floor was worn nearly through. But it was the smell that made them stop. There was a musty smell almost like something dead and moldering under the floor. 

"Ewww, Let's go up stairs," said Jackie.

A moaning sound seeming came from the walls around the women.

"Did you hear that?" asked Jackie, looking around.

"That's just the sound of an old house. Let's go."

Up the stairs they went. The stair boards bent, groaned and cracked under their weight. Sally laughed wildly as she ran. At the top of the stairs they stopped. In front of them was a long hallway. Slowly they crept toward the first door. It was open and a very low sound of music came from within.

"I'll bet Bob and the others are here somewhere," said Sally with a grin. 

The two stepped quietly into a bedroom. The moon light shown through the window casting eerie shadows. In the middle of the room was an old brass bed with springs and mattress. Nothing else was in the room. 

The door slammed behind them. The women jumped, and then turned, laughing expecting to see their friends. No one was there.

"Is it just me or is it getting cold in here?" asked Jackie.

"Yeah. I'm getting cold too. Let's get out of here."

Jackie twisted and pulled on the door knob. The door was immovable. She tried again, this time she put her whole weight against the door. Still the door would not move.

"Sally, help me with this door. It's stuck."

Both girls pulled on the door.

Sally screamed, "What the fuck?"

Jackie looked at her questioningly.

"Something touched me," Sally said, looking around.

"Come on, Sally. You're imagining things."

"No. Something touched my breast," Sally said seriously.

Jackie pursed her lips. "Look. If you're going to freak out then help me get this door open and we'll just leave. Okay?"

Sally stared at Jackie.

"What?"

"Your breath. I can see your breath," Sally answered.

"Of course. It's bloody cold. Help me and we'll get out of here before we freeze."

A voice from behind the women said, "Ah. Lovely."

The two women turned in surprise. Before them stood an old man. By the look of his face he must have been in his 80's. But his clothes were very odd. He wore an old, gray suit with very wide lapels with a shirt that had a rounded "Dickey" collar and cravat. Jackie's impression was he looked like something from a 1940's "B" movie. But the most striking thing was he seemed to lack... substance?

"Wh... who are you?" the two women said together.

"I am James. This is my house. And who are you, pretty ladies?" he asked.

"Um. We live down the street. I'm Sally. She's Jackie. We were..."

"Oh. Well. Let's have a look at you," James said beckoning the women toward the moon filled window. "Yes. Very pretty. Very pretty indeed."

"Um. We just want to get out of here. But the door is stuck," Jackie said, a trembling in her voice.

"Yes. It does that," James answered, unconcerned.

James reached out and touched Sally's cheek. Sally seemed to swoon and took his hand. Then he touched Jackie's cheek.

Something came over both women. The looked around. The room seemed brighter. The old moldy smell seemed to have disappeared. And James - he seemed so much younger and almost handsome.

His arm went around the two women's waists as he guided them to the bed, no made with satin sheets and a down comforter. "Shall we sit a while?" Without knowing Sally and Jackie went to the bed and sat.

"Have you met my brother, John?" James asked?

"Yes they are beautiful, brother," said John seeming to come out of now where. He touched Jackie's arm. Jackie felt the touch. It was at first cold then seemed to warm quickly.

"Yes. They will do nicely," James said to John.

James bent over and kissed Sally's warm lips. It was as if a shock coursed through her. Her arms went around his neck and she pulled his body to her.

Jackie looked over John's shoulder to see Sally's body pressed against James while her own body pressed against John, her sex pressed hard against his leg, grinding against him. 

Both women were now in the throws of passion. Their lips hungrily searched for those of the man in their arms. The heat of passion grew moment by moment between their legs. They yearned to be filled with the manliness of their partners. They tore their costumes to expose their breasts to these men and hiked their skirts to expose their mounds to the men's hands.

Sally looked back at, Jackie. For just a moment it seemed Jackie was older somehow. Lines had grown at the corners of her mouth and crows feet at the corners of her eyes. But then the moment was gone and Sally buried herself again in the arms of her lover.

James hand went to that place between Sally's thighs and dipped into her wetness. A moan of pleasure escaped from her lips. Her hips thrust forward inviting his fingers. Her mouth covered his in an erotic exchange of soul.

Jackie screamed as John's cock penetrated deep into her pussy. Her ankles locked around his lower back and she met his every thrust. She lost all control as his cock stabbed deeper and deeper into her as if to touch her very being. Then she heard a cough. Looking over at Sally, there seemed to be a change coming over her. Her open mouth seemed to have grown wrinkles at the lip line. Her cheeks seemed to have sagged. Even as she met James every thrust she seemed to have grown more full bodied and... older? 

With a final thrust deep inside Jackie, John grunted and spewed his hot, stick cum. It burned as if by fire inside Jackie. But a good burn. A burn of life. A burn that drove her almost to the edge.

Sally was screaming as James came inside her. She too felt that burn. She too came near the edge of that great abyss as she locked her legs around James ass and joined him in orgasm.

The two women lay there, side by side and held hands. James went between Jackie's thighs and licked the cum that oozed out. Jackie's legs opened for him. Sally, likewise, opened her legs for John as he lapped the semen that ran down her ass.

Then it happened again. This time John rode Sally and James rode Jackie. But it was different. This time the men made animal growls as their cocks slammed hard into the women. Both women were screaming now in an odd mix of pleasure and pain. And a great tiredness was coming over them. Jackie glanced over at Sally. What she saw horrified her.

Sally had taken on a grayness about her. She seemed to grow older with each thrust. Sally stopped screaming and seemed to choke. Her tongue lolled at the corner of her mouth. Her eyes turned upwards until all Jackie could see were the yellowish whites.

Then Jackie's eyes rolled upwards and her heart began to pound slower as she slipped into unconsciousness.

The two men stood next to the bed looking at the women's corpses lying there. "Well made, John," James said.

"Yes. We've waited a very long time. But now we're free, my brother." The two men stepped back from the bed and, as the sky was reddening with dawn, seemed to shimmer for a moment then began to fade to nothingness.

*********************

The old house stood as it had for nearly a hundred years. An old house that groaned and moaned and held a dark secret. As in years past, nothing had changed. The kids still "ran" the house as they had for years. And young people did occasionally disappear never to be seen again. But that's not so different than any other place.

"Hey. The old house. It's Halloween. Let's run it for kicks," grinned Mark to his friend Martin.

"I don't know. It's a spooking old place. And you've heard the stories old Mrs. Johnson tells about it," Martin said with a grimace.

"Yeah. That's what makes it cool," Mark exclaimed as he climbed the stairs to the front door.

Two female apparitions smiled at each other as the old house creaked a welcome to its newest tenants.