 This story is posted on the Literotica website. Do not repost anywhere else without the author's consent. For fans of my stories, they know what kinds of things to expect. This story deals with similar themes as the stories by wannabeboytoy, seducedHylas, and Dark Betrayal, namely cheating, betrayal, and heartbreak. If stuff like that isn't your cup of tea, then you probably shouldn't bother reading it. I do not condone any of these actions in real life. This is just a story. Enjoy.

************

The bound nun awoke with a fright.

Panting with fear and confusion, she took a moment to figure out her current predicament. Still clad in her habit, she was bound to a heavy wooden chair; her legs were tied to the chair's legs with thick and heavy ropes. Those same ropes bound her wrists to the arms of the chair, wrapped around them over and over again. She wasn't going anywhere.

Her eyes rose, trying to figure out where she was. The room was dark, lit mostly by candles hanging on the walls. It was hard to pick out many details of the room in the dim light, but it seemed large and kinda fancy. And it seemed old as well. Very old.

From far away, through the walls, she could hear loud screaming, from multiple directions, making her shiver with fear.

Her gaze was drawn to the center of the room, which glowed from the light of a fire from a built in fire pit. Above it was a heavy, black, cast iron cauldron, supported by metal posts. And next to it was a woman, studying its contents. As soon as the nun looked up, the woman's gaze met hers.

"You're awake," the woman announced, standing up.

As she stepped forward, carrying a candle, her heels clicking on the wooden floor, the nun got the chance to study her for the first time. She looked older, maybe in her forties, elegant and posh looking. Her skin was very pale, which contrasted with her dark black hair, interrupted only by a streak of grey, the same grey as her cool, calm eyes. She was clad in a nice, ornate, black dress, which highlighted her voluptuous frame. Long, firm legs, a full round ass, and very large breasts. 

But there was something about her that cast a pall of dread within the nun, and it wasn't just that the fact that she was tied up to a chair, at this woman's mercy. Something about her was off. Something about her seemed to pulse with darkness.

Pulling over a smaller chair, the older woman gave the bound nun a cool smile before sitting down next to her.

"What is this?" the nun asked, terrified, straining to escape her bindings. 

"Do you remember how you got here?" the woman asked. The nun searched her memories. Even though her thoughts were fuzzy, she could remember what happened. Driving her small car at night, in the rain. A car zooming up behind her, forcing her off the road, into a ditch. Then... blackness.

"Did... was it you? Did you run me off the road?" the nun asked.

"Well... not me, personally, but... one of my followers," the woman said calmly.

"Followers?" the nun asked. The woman smiled.

"Do you know who I am?" she asked. Studying the older woman, the nun tried to figure it out. The other nuns at the church had been very concerned lately about a group rising up, a cult, a coven of very powerful and very ruthless witches, led by the most powerful of them all. A Queen witch, a woman who ruled over the rest, who was leading the charge in a war against the Church. A woman who looked exactly liked the woman seated next to her.

"Madeline..." the nun said, terrified to be in the presence of someone, if the stories were to be believed, deeply and truly evil. "Madeline Crow."

"That's right..." Madeline said, a small smile crossing her plump lips. "I'm sure all your Sisters have all sorts of stories about me."

"Listen... I don't know what you want!" the nun cried. "But they don't tell me anything! I'm not a part of any of that stuff. I can't speak for them. But I believe in the work, in the good message helping people see the light. I just... I just keep my head down and work." The witch looked away for a moment before smiling.

"I know, dear," Madeline said. "You might be surprised, but we've had our eye on you for some time. I know that you've been in the church for years, well before this new sect took over. You stayed at the church, going along with their radical changes, despite recognizing the blatant corruption of both the old guard and the new. You do love the work, but it gets harder and harder to do that work being surrounded by all those corrupt, sinful sluts."

It was true. All of it. She had dreamed of joining the seminary since she was young, loving the church and the message it spread. She gave up on all the spoils of life to be a nun. That's how committed she was. She truly was one of the good ones. There were some things she didn't love about the church at that point, but her belief in the good book was so strong that she looked past that stuff, vowing to spread the message. 

Then the new sect swept quickly, a group of aggressive and clever women, nuns, like her, but they were the farthest thing from her really. These women, every last one of them, looked like bikini models wearing sexy nun Halloween costumes. As crazy as it looked, they were apparently the real deal. And admittedly, most of them came across as being quite intelligent and ambitious, but their overly sexual message made her uncomfortable. The way they made their habits hug their bodies, showing off all their curves. The open and progressive way these women discussed lewd sexual acts. And while she never saw anything for certain, she just knew her fellow nuns were out there, using their bodies for sin, fornicating and copulating at every opportunity. That was the culture these new nuns created.

While their predecessors seemed to spend too much time focusing on endeavors outside of the church, like business sponsorships and other money making plans, this new group, this group of women, they were even worse. They had nuns out there, spreading the word, and no doubt other things, bringing back money and connections from powerful men. They weren't even subtle about it. Some of them talked openly about their sinful behavior, like it was all some big game. It was like they were all social climbers, in the guise of the Church, looking to rise on the social ladder by any means necessary.

But there was something going on beyond that stuff, something far more serious. Something only discussed among the nuns of the highest order. She had heard rumors and whispers of a war brewing, with these evil and dangerous witches. Poking around, she learned a bit more, including seeing pictures of Madeline, but she was smart enough to keep her head down and just stay out of it.

"What do you want from me, then?" the nun asked, beads of sweat sliding down her exposed forehead.

"It's simple..." Madeline began. "I'm gonna convince you to leave the Church." The nun's eyes twisted in confusion.

"What?" she said, confused. "No... I might not love the people I work with, but I love the work. I love the message. I love the Church!" Madeline laughed to herself.

"Even though they laugh at you?" Madeline said. "Even though you are not one of them? Even though they send you on all the shit jobs just so they don't have to break a nail? They take advantage of your good nature, dear. They put you in danger... and you don't even know it!"

Sadly, these words rang true. Being at this new church was just like being in high school, with the popular girls ruling the roost, laughing and making fun of her right to her face, under the façade of being friendly and supportive.

"They might not be the greatest people, but..." the nun said. "That's not enough to make me leave the Church! Our message is stronger than any small, petty disagreements." Madeline looked at her, shaking her head slightly, almost condescendingly.

"I brought you here because I wanted to tell you some stories, dear," Madeline began. "And by the end, when I'm finished with these tales, you will have a choice. That choice being... whether to stay in the Church, or leave them, join our side, and end the Church's corruption once and for all. How does that sound?"

The nun shook her head, puzzled, but she didn't have time to say anything before Madeline began telling her story.

*************

"Mirror Fear"

*************

Tess had been intrigued by the mirror from the start.

The 22-year-old and her husband, AJ, had just moved into a new house. Freshly married, these two were seeking out a new, fresh start, far from home. Both had come from a small very conservative town and very religious families. Both Tess and AJ had never bought in as much to all that Church stuff, and the time both chose to rebel and stop going to church was also around the same time they started dating, back near the end of high school. Their skeptical natures were something they bonded over. Needless to say, neither family approved of this pairing and did their best to get their respective child to end things and get back on the good path. Their families did their best to force their beliefs on them and drive them apart, and when they were younger, even though they had been scared off at moments from dating each other, they always came back together. Their bond was that strong.

They weren't evil or anything. They were both actually quite nice and kind and friendly. They were both just not overly religious. But in their neck of the woods, rejecting the church went hand-in-hand with, like, murder, so they were shunned by those closest to them. They were steadfast in their relationship though, trying to make it work, but the response of people in town became more insidious. Nasty rumors began to spread about them both, calling her a slut and he a heathen. People would literally come up to them and tell them they were going to Hell, and that they needed the salvation of the church. It was insane. Both worked locally, and even their friends began to turn against them, believing in some of the more ridiculous rumors about the supposedly evil things they had gotten involved in. Eventually, the town just became too toxic for them both, and at a moment when their folks were both out, they quickly packed a van with as much of their stuff as they could and just left. They drove away, eager to escape, eager to get a fresh start with more open-minded people. And on their way out, they got hitched at the courthouse.

Their honeymoon wasn't anything special. Just a long drive, getting far away from home. But despite that neither had ever been happier.

They lived out of their van for a bit, saving cash as they made their way towards the city. Both of them had begun putting away money as they planned out their escape from home, so they had accrued a bit of a nest egg. Nothing much, but enough for the fresh start they needed. 

Eventually, they made their way close to their goal, the big city, a place more open-minded and accepting of all kinds of people. Her family had always warned her about the city, saying it was a haven of sinners. That if the devil lived anywhere, it was there. So, being ever rebellious, that made the city a place she always really wanted to go to. For their first few weeks there, they spent most of their time looking for a place to live. Naturally, most housing in these parts was well beyond their means, so they had to be flexible.

Then, they found a place.

It was a big house, two-stories with an attic, large and spacious. An old, almost Victorian-looking home. Sure, it was old, and rundown, the weeds overgrown in the lawn and the inside was dusty and not very modern. But it was shockingly affordable. Neither of them needed anything too crazy in terms of a place to live, and both found themselves charmed by the old fashioned design. Finding the place too good of a deal to pass up they ended up taking it, moving in shortly after. 

The place was mostly unfurnished. There were some nice lighting fixtures, very old-fashioned and fancy looking. There were a few older, cute looking pieces of furniture. But what caught Tess's attention most was the mirror.

Standing in the bedroom, it would stand out anywhere. Taller than her, standing on two thick feet, the large reflective pane was built on a frame of gold colored, impressively molded and designed metal, surrounding it on all sides and holding the mirror in place. The two thick and girthy feet were made of the same metal. The whole thing looked heavy as well, as if whoever had been here last couldn't move it due to its sheer size and weight, so they just left it there. It looked old, judging by the dust on it, the dulled sheen of the gold colored metal, and the intricate designs adorning the frame. People these days wouldn't put in the time to make a mirror look this impressive.

That being said, it was a bit of a headache, simply due to the fact that it was so heavy it couldn't be moved more than a few inches. It was in their bedroom, and it didn't want to leave, so they had to simply work with it, building up their bedroom around it.

But this wasn't the reason Tess was so intrigued by the mirror.

There was just something... weird... about it. A strange vibe coming from it that she couldn't quite place. And when working around it, it felt like the mirror was watching her, in a manner she couldn't really put into words. There were no human-like features on it, so it wasn't like it was one of those paintings where the eyes followed you. It was just a tall, ornate, antique mirror. But it felt... alive. It felt like it was standing there, thinking.

Obviously, this sounded crazy, and Tess realized that. She was probably just a little nervous about all these recent life changes. These feelings were just that, feelings, and those could be written off. But it was what she saw with her own eyes that made her most unnerved. 

The shadow.

It wasn't the shadow from the mirror itself, but something... within the mirror. Every time she turned to glance at the mirror, it was like there was... a shadow... leaping out of sight before she could fully look at it, hiding out of view. It was a shadow... a darkness. It was hard to explain, and she hoped it was a trick of the light, but she would see it again and again, every time she glanced over. Something in the mirror, leaping out of view, hiding from her.

The whole thing unnerved her, quite frankly. Of course, AJ never noticed a thing. He joked about it, laughing her off for being freaked out by a mirror. She was never too specific about what she thought she saw, as she didn't want to let her new husband think she had gone crazy. But her husband accepted that she was a little freaked out by the mirror, and offered to move it. However, despite all his manly strength, he was unable to life the mirror's shockingly heavy weight. So they had to relent and leave it in place.

Tess was the type of girl who liked to confront her fears, so instead of walking around it, giving the creepy mirror the side-eye, she opted to confront it, moving to stand in front of it as they reached the end of their second day of moving in and unpacking.

She appraised the mirror. It was well made, despite being creepy. Nice solid metal, built to last. The mirrored surface was smooth and even, with few pockmarks or signs of age. Staring at it meant staring at her reflection for a few moments.

Tess was a thin, willowy brunette. She was quite pretty, but she played down her looks, preferring to go with little make-up and more comfortable clothing. She was a bit of a tomboy. And even though she didn't play it up, she still looked mighty cute. Big friendly eyes, a cute smile, nice smooth brunette hair, often tied up in a simple pony tail. And while she had a naturally darker complexion, even she had to admit she could probably spend a bit more time in the sun to really make her skin pop. She had on a heavy flannel over a thin t-shirt, hugging her slim chest. While she wasn't the most busty girl in the world, her B-cups worked for her frame. She was tall, for sure, but she had always been a bit too thin, admittedly, meaning she didn't have much of a butt, and her legs seemed a bit too skinny. But her look worked for her. 

AJ certainly liked it.

He'd been a bit of a standout back in high school, a fit, handsome athlete, a guy that plenty of girls pined for. But deep down, he had a bit of an artist's soul, and it was when they sat next to each other in art class junior year that they began to bond. Next to her, his art began to blossom, proving him to be truly, naturally talented. It was around this time they started dating. Some of the other girls would snarl that he was only faking his art interest because he, for some reason, had a crush on little, simple, mousy Tess. But his and her feelings felt genuine, going both ways, and love blossomed between them. 

He was still every bit as handsome as he was when she first met him. Tall, and mouth-wateringly fit, nice dark hair and a cute boyish smile. Her attraction towards him was refreshed every time she saw him. Of course, not long after they began dating, she let him take her v-card. She wasn't stupid. A guy like him doesn't come along every day, and despite her shyness, inexperience and her religious upbringing, she knew when to strike. They had so much in common, with art, and hobbies, and religion, and politics. Their connection felt beyond a typical high school romance. She was sure every other person in a high school romance thought the same way, but she was aware enough to know that this felt real in a way beyond all those other ones. It was together that they fell in love, it was together that they left behind their conservative families and toxic hometown. It was together that they started this new journey together.

They were truly in this together.

He had already secured a job with an ad agency, looking to use his art to give them a good life while having the opportunity to excel in his own pursuits when he got the chance. She had interviewed at a few places while they were still looking around for a place, and had gotten a job at a small art school at the local girls' college. It wasn't much, but it was something that brought her joy, so she looked forward to it.

As she stood, staring at the mirror, she was happy with what she saw. She had never been body conscious or anything like that, and looking at herself never made her overly critical. Sure, living on the road for a bit gave her belly a little pooch thanks to all the fast food she'd had. She usually hit the gym at points like this, which was a struggle, as her and exercise weren't always the greatest mix, but she had kept herself in good shape in general.

Getting back to the point of why she was looking at it, the mirror itself seemed to be in good condition. The pane seemed smooth and thick, and it wasn't like a fun house mirror, distorting her body in weird ways. The reflection was normal. The only thing she noticed was that the reflection seemed a bit dim. Tess reached forward to run her finger along the pane, testing for dust or grime. Sliding her finger across the smooth mirror, nothing came off the glassy pane. But somehow, despite it being smooth, she must have slid her soft fingertip across some sort of invisible crack, because something caught her finger, a sharp prick. She yanked her finger back with a start, looking down at it as a bead of thick blood appeared there.

"Asshole!" Tess called out, glancing up at the mirror in annoyance as she sucked the blood off her finger. As she did, the spot of blood she left behind on the pane seemingly disappeared into it. At the same moment, it seemed as if the dimness of the reflection disappeared, the reflection on the pane now crystal clear. Tess's eyes narrowed in confusion. Were her eyes playing tricks on her?
