 This story is posted on the Literotica website. Do not repost anywhere else without the author's consent. For fans of my stories, they know what kinds of things to expect. This story deals with similar themes as the stories by wannabeboytoy, seducedHylas, and Dark Betrayal, namely cheating, betrayal, and heartbreak. If stuff like that isn't your cup of tea, then you probably shouldn't bother reading it. I do not condone any of these actions in real life. This is just a story. Enjoy.

************

The nun had seen some things in her time. Dark things, things that certainly displayed dark powers at work. That being said, that kind of thing was rare. Most of the time, she dealt with good people. The world was a good place. So being confronted by such pure sinful evil was jarring.

"You can't escape it," Madeline said, tossing the black veil back over the mirror. "This could be you! This poor woman will never get out of there. Trapped for eternity, watching the world go by. Women like me... we don't end up like that. Nassia... she escaped from a worse hell into the mirror, but it didn't take her long to live again. Women like Tess... women like you; those are ones who end up like that. Women like me... we're the winners. We get what we want. We always win! So... why not join us? Why not join the winning side while you still can?"

The nun looked away, shaking her head. Despite herself, Madeline's words echoed in her mind. It couldn't be true. This world was still good. They could fight off the dark forces without any real trouble... right?

Madeline paused, examining the mixture, stirring it. 

"I have another story," Madeline began. "Another example of how far our power is spread. What we're capable of. How we can win at any time. Would you like to hear it?"

"Do I have a choice?" The nun asked.

Madeline smiled, before beginning her new tale.

*********************

"The Wedding Ring"

*********************

Sarah Boudreau had always found herself charmed by the darkness. 

Yeah, she was one of those girls that used to dress in all black in middle school. She always prided herself on going against social trends, going against the grain, etc. And while, as she grew up, some of those urges calmed down, and she became far less militant about her outsiderism, some vestiges of this side of her still persisted. She still preferred the color black, but her outfits tended to be a lot less gothy than they used to be. She'd become far less contrarian, as she found that line of thinking to be hollow and exhausting and she became more social and friendly. But one thing persisted, even to now.

She loved scary stories.

Scary movies, creepy tales, anything that made people uncomfortable, she loved it. She even enjoyed stuff like true crime, even when they started getting into the icky details. Some people winced at this stuff, but she found herself utterly fascinated by the gory facts. She couldn't get enough. 

However, for a girl who had been anti-everything for so long, she came from a perfectly normal, albeit wealthy, family. She had always had a good life, and her parents allowed her to act out, knowing that at heart she was a good person. Which she was.

The best thing that came from her growing up and aging out of that rebellious phase was that she became a lot more pleasant to be around. The good pure core of her began to shine through. She became a lot more fun, a lot more social and a lot nicer. But she never fully shed all of that darkness, and it only added to her appeal.

Just ask her husband. 

Dave Boudreau was lured to the darkness too, but in a different way. He was an aggressively normal dude. Worked in a boring office as an accountant. Funny but not the funniest. Handsome and attractive, but too quiet and normal to be the super stud. Button-down shirts, nice ties, khaki pants. He wore specs, some of the thick, black, more fashionable kind that was more popular these days, but he didn't ultimately stand out.

The most surprising thing about him was his choice of wife.

He was this seemingly boring, normal accountant. No one thought much of his personal life because they couldn't imagine it being exciting. But then they see his wife. This woman with crimson hair, dressed in black, with a sleeve of tattoos adorning her arm. And all of a sudden, he becomes way more interesting. All of a sudden, people realize there might be a bit more going on with him beneath the surface. Maybe there was something dark inside him too, and some of the women that knew him found that mystery kind of... alluring.

Dave and Sarah were an odd match, admittedly. Him, this seemingly normal guy, who liked sports and games and average stuff, and then her, this off-beat, tattooed, boisterous redhead. He was tall and fit and conventionally handsome. She was younger than him, 25 to his 26. She was a head shorter than him and while her husband was fit, she had a few extra pounds. Not much, and she wore it well, giving her body curves as opposed to those stick-figure models she couldn't stand. A nice round butt and decent-sized breasts, a good pair of C-cups. She wore bright red lipstick everyday to stand out, and her brash personality stood out compared to his more reserved quiet demeanor. So what brought them together?

Much like her, he found a little bit of darkness intriguing.

Now, he wasn't into the scary movies or horror stories or anything like that. What allured him was being with a girl with a bit of an edge. A girl who had a bit of darkness to her, and not one of those plain, girl-next-door types. He was a regular dude, but he liked having a bit of excitement in his life. That's what drew him to Sarah. That's what made her irresistible to him. 

That being said, although he loved her dark edge and liked how much she enjoyed horror movies and dark, grim stories, he wasn't totally into the scary stuff. He was a bit of a softy in that sense. Sarah liked to tease him with some of the stuff she saw in a movie, or some of the dark details of some messed-up crime story, knowing it would make him uncomfortable. It was a strange dynamic between them at times, but it worked for them.

Her love of horror stories had extended into her adult life. While she worked at an art gallery, her real passion was true-life horror stories. Ghost stories, spooky tales, haunted houses, urban legends, stuff like that. She ran a website where people would share stories about something they had heard about, or local hotspots for supernatural activity, and Sarah would look into the history of these tales and explore the settings where they took place. Her folks had passed a few years prior, leaving their total inheritance to her, meaning she had more than enough cash to live comfortably. Both her and David worked to keep busy, active and social, but their disposable cash allowed them travel often and explore their hobbies. 

For Dave, that meant going to baseball games, at one point trying to go to all thirty stadiums in one season. For Sarah, that meant exploring these ghost story locales. They tried their best to do these activities together, but seeing as Sarah hated baseball, and Dave was uncomfortable with all this ghost stuff, they often did these activities on their own time. They were comfortable enough in their relationship to allow each other space to do their own thing for days on end. Which was good for Sarah, because sometimes she went down some deep rabbit holes in these ghost stories.

As she was doing now.

Sarah's website compiled as many ghost stories as she could find. It was a great resource for people who were into this kinda thing, and she was detailed oriented enough to compile all the information she could. So, if there was a good ghost story out there, she'd probably heard it herself. She'd heard it, seen it, explored it, and compiled every single detail. Except one. There was one story that eluded her. One that she'd heard whispers about. Rumors. But she could never track down more info on it. She could never find concrete answers or evidence about whether it was really true or not. But she really wanted to. It was her most elusive story, and she would give anything to track it down.

The Deadly Video.

Yeah, it wasn't too creative of a name, but it conveyed the message. So, anyway, the story goes that there was this mysterious video online. It showed this creepy, off-putting imagery, stuff about a creepy pond and a forest or something, plus weird, hypnotic chanting, and pictures of some creepy, evil looking female ghost. At the end, there was text, saying something along the lines of 'Five days until she takes your soul'. And apparently, this video just comes to you, from a mystery source. And when it began, on a TV screen, or a computer screen, and this creepy video gets going, the rumor is that this evil spirit reaches out from within the screen and pulls the affected person within, never to be seen again. 

The details about this story were scarce, to the point where it was easy to just dismiss it outright. But there had been a few people in completely different and unrelated places sharing the same story with the same details. These people would post message after message, sounding more and more terrified, until they just stopped. They were, just like that... gone. Only one person seemed to be able to share the aspect of the tale about the spirit reaching through the TV to grab the person, but Sarah's efforts to reach out this person came up empty. It sounded like a really terrifying scenario, something reaching out to you randomly and stealing your soul, erasing your existence. Incorporating modern technology into it as well made it extra fascinating, as people lived in front of screens more than ever. Every person that had seen this video sounded completely terrified, and the person who had provided most of the details in this story, like the stuff with the TV screen, sounded totally shaken by what they had seen. It sounded like a truly awful and horrifying experience.

Needless to say, Sarah REALLY wanted to see this video.

She was pretty fearless in general, especially in relation to these stories. A lot of the time when pursuing the details of these stories, she was able to debunk them. The ones that did seem to have something otherworldly going on did send some unsettling jitters through her, but she was one of those people that when being afraid only excited them. Fear and terror sent thrills through her, so even the scariest of stories were alluring to her.

There was a lot to question with this specific story. First, there was so little info to go off of here. A few small random posts here and there. And while the concept of a ghost or spirit using TV and computer screens to traverse into the real world was unique, it didn't really jive with many other ghost stories she'd seen. It seemed like cheap, lazy, and modern fiction. So while the story did fascinate her, Sarah was leaning towards it being fake, which was fine, because most of these stories ended up being bunk. The fiction was fun, but she was more interested in the real thing. So, as fun as the story sounded, there wasn't enough to really dig into, so she didn't pay it a ton of mind.

And then she saw the video. 

She was at home, in her pajamas, sipping coffee, sorting through emails on her desktop like it was any other day. Dave was already at work, and she wasn't working today so she was going through her website, catching up on that. She was only at it for about half-an-hour when she got a mysterious email, specifically directed to her. What caught her eyes was that there was no return address. No contact info in any way. Just a link, full of gibberish letters and numbers, no clue as to what it was. It didn't tick her internal spam radar, so this seemed to be something of substance. Knowing her virus protections were strong, she was intrigued enough to click on the link.

Suddenly, all the lights in the house went down, leaving the room dim. She sighed in annoyance as she looked around, searching for any signs of power anywhere, when suddenly, her computer screen lit up, filled with black and white static. Sarah's eyes went wide, confused but intrigued.

Could... could this be?

An image emerged from within the snowy static, black and white footage of a large, mist-covered lake. The water was rippling in the wind, a strangely peaceful setting. The image cut suddenly.

"Oohhhh..." a weird, female voice called out from the darkness.

An image of a large, old-looking mansion emerged, looking run down, slightly overrun with plants, but still standing proud. 

"Aahhhh..." that same voice called out, her voice reverberating from deep within the footage, making Sarah shiver.

The image cut again. 

A swirl of weird, indecipherable imagery, looking like human bodies sliding against each other, writhing in a mass of humanity. Sarah found the images off-putting for reasons she couldn't place. A few images flashed across the screen, but they went by so fast that she couldn't decipher them. They again looked like bodies, but that's as much as she got.

The image cut to a lake front, mist rolling across it as the water rose and fell. The image traveled along the lake side before arriving at a sign that said, 'Bosley Lake'.

The image cut again to a dark, foggy forest. And from within were voices, female voices, calling out.

"Noooo!" 

"Help!"

"Let me out!"

"Please!"

"Don't watch!"

"Turn it off!"

The image flashed in seemingly seizure-inducing light, forcing her to close her eyes for a few moments. When she opened them again, the screen was black. After a few seconds, some words appeared.

'In five days, I come for your soul...'

These words hung on the screen for a moment. Then, the image was back over the gentle, calm, mist-covered lake. And from the center, in a sudden inhuman motion, a body rose from the lake.

"Ahh!" Sarah called out, jumping back.

It was a woman, clad in white, her long, black hair obscuring her face. She stood there in the video, looking forward, and then the image cut out.

The video ended, and the lights returned, lighting up the room again. Her computer screen returned to normal, back at her email screen. Sarah was frozen in place, unmoving, until she finally muttered a single word.

"Cool!"

Sarah was pumped. That was it! That was the video! The Deadly Video! And it was awesome! She was so excited. Yeah, the video was scary, and yeah, it was saying it was coming after her soul, but that's what made it fun. She was going over it in her head over and over. This was so interesting! She clicked on the link a few more times, watching it without fear, until something leapt out to her.

Bosley Lake.

She'd heard that name before, and it took her a bit to remember when she'd heard it. She got up and paced around, closing her eyes, trying to jog her memory.

She had a side-room where she had collected various baubles from her many misadventures. She had picked up many different little artifacts during her travels, and she had filled up a room showing off these cool, fascinating items. Sarah looked around until her eyes arrived on an item that sent memories surging through her mind.

It was a ring.

A wedding ring, to be exact. Seeing this made Sarah remember the circumstances of how she got the ring, and the story of the 'Ghost at Bosley Lake'.

She kinda came into the story backwards. She was at an auction for some of these odd items related to supernatural circumstances. When the ring came up, alongside a painting of the owner of the ring, it caught Sarah's attention. And it was for a really silly reason.

The man in the painting looked exactly like Dave, her husband. 

Seeing a few low bids and sensing some funny serendipity, Sarah bid for the ring and won, and it was only after she did that she heard the whole story.

Michael Bosley was the son of a very rich and ritzy couple back in the late 1800's. He married a woman from a nice family, Carrie Johannsen, who was the youngest of that family's daughters, and as pretty as can be. Their other daughter, Elizabeth, Carrie's older sister, was drowned by Carrie in the big lake near the Bosley estate, in a fit of jealousy. The story goes that the ghost of Elizabeth haunted the area from then on, and wives from around the area began disappearing, as revenge for the jealousy of her murderous sister. Carrie was eventually driven insane, and Michael left her, leaving his wedding ring behind. And, to further this story, about 10 years ago, a documentary crew went to the Bosley estate to document the whole story. The story of the ghost was pretty well known, and plus, there was another aspect to the legend. Apparently, after Michael left, the family fortune went unclaimed. Many speculated that the fortune was still somewhere in that house, but it had never been found. No doubt, on top of documenting this interesting story, this film crew was keeping an eye out for that money. But it was a fool's errand. The lead director went into the mansion and she never came out. The crew ran, and after an investigation in the house, no evidence of the director's presence was found, other than some film equipment she had left behind, and since that day, the house had been gated off.

Was this video related to this story? The ghost of Elizabeth Johannsen?

Oh! It would make sense! The documentary crew would give a reason as to why this ghost would be using screens and video footage to haunt others. They brought this technology into her presence, and she used it as a new way to spread out and haunt more people. It was all coming together. 

Sarah got lost in her pursuit of knowledge, uncovering all the information she could about the Bosley story, and how it linked to the video, looking at everything she had and charting out where it had happened. Sensing an opportunity for a field trip, she eagerly made plans.

She was still in a bit of a fervor later in the day when Dave got home. Still in her pajamas, she was eagerly consulting her notes on her computer.

"Hey, lady..." her husband called out from behind her, affectionately.

"What brings you here?" she asked without looking up. He smiled.

"Well, I live here, and I got off work and decided, you know what... I'm gonna go home," he explained with a smile, stepping behind her and rubbing her shoulders. "What are you working on?" he asked, sensing she was onto something exciting.

"You know that story I told you awhile back, the one about the video that's supposed to steal your soul?" she asked with a perky smile.

"Uh, yeah, I think so. Why?" he asked.

"Well, this bitch just watched it," she said, pointing at herself with her thumbs. "Here, check it out," she said, grabbing her mouse to open up that email.

"Ummm... you sure about this?" Dave asked hesitantly.

"Oh, it's fine," she said, waving off any worries. "I mean, a video that steals your soul? C'mon," she said, rolling her eyes. It was true. She wasn't taking this that seriously. While it did seem like there was something to this, she didn't actually think they were in any mortal danger. Sure, the lights had gone out, giving this some credence, but in her experience, threats like this usually ended up being empty ones. Something was going on here, but it probably wasn't as dangerous as it claimed to be. Assuaged enough, trusting his wife, Dave allowed her to hit play on the video. As she did, the lights dimmed in the house.

"Wait... what the hell?" Dave said, stunned.

"Oh yeah, it does that," Sarah said with a smile.

"I thought you said there was nothing to be afraid about," Dave asked, slightly panicked.

"Oh, there's something to this, definitely. I think our souls will be just fine though," she said confidently. A little taken aback, he had no choice but to watch as the video started to appear.
