 This story is posted on the Literotica website. Do not repost anywhere else without the author's consent. For fans of my stories, they know what kinds of things to expect. This story deals with similar themes as the stories by wannabeboytoy, seducedHylas, and Dark Betrayal, namely cheating, betrayal, and heartbreak. If stuff like that isn't your cup of tea, then you probably shouldn't bother reading it. I do not condone any of these actions in real life. This is just a story. Enjoy.

**************

The heavy door came to a close, leaving Madeline and the nun alone again.

"So..." Madeline said with a smile. "As I said, I do have one more story to tell you. One more story that I think will convince you fully. You ready?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

The bound nun, knowing she didn't have a real choice, couldn't do anything else but nod.

************

"Ascent of the Dark Queen"

************

As soon as Jeff and Alice Proctor pulled up to the suburban home of the Cooper family, they could feel something heavy in the air.

Stepping out of their car, the married couple approached the house. Married for almost ten years, they had been brought together by their mutual fascination of the supernatural. Demons, ghosts, stuff like that. Some made fun of their chosen profession as demonologists, and it was admittedly a very niche field that most people didn't believe in. They had made a pretty decent living. Most of the time, they were dealing with your typical crazies who were either a little too paranoid or had watched a few too many horror movies. But every so often, they found a case that affirmed their chosen vocation. A case that would prove any doubters wrong and show that demons and ghosts were very, very real.

And if the phone call they had received earlier in the day was true, today would be one of those days.

The couple walked with purpose towards the Cooper family, who were waiting at the end of the sidewalk in front of the house. The mom was crying as she clutched an open Bible, and the father was trying to keep up a brave face in front of his family. Sitting on the front lawn was a child, their youngest daughter, distracted with a doll.

But it was their other daughter that brought them there.

"Are you the Proctors?" the dad asked, stepping forward. Standing under the buzzing street light, he held out his hand as the couple approached.

"Yes, I'm Jeff, this is Alice," Jeff said calmly, introducing himself and his wife to the panicked family.

"I'm Roger... this is my wife, Darlene," the man said. "So, you can, uh... you can get whatever's in my daughter... out?" he asked, partially in disbelief that he was actually saying these words.

"That's what we're here to do," Alice said, reassuring, a messenger bag full of her gear on her shoulder.

"When did this start?" Jeff asked, his tone calm and knowing.

"A couple days ago, she uh, starting acting kinda funny," Roger said. 

"In what way?" Alice asked.

"Lashing out. Screaming and yelling. Saying things... terrible things," Roger said, shaking his head, his strong façade crumbling. "She's not normally like this. She's so nice and friendly."

"Our daughter's a good girl!" the mom, Darlene, interjected. "A church going girl! This isn't her! No! There's something inside her... a demon!" she said, sounding like she was losing it already.

"Mrs. Cooper, we're here to help you guys," Jeff began, trying to reassure her.

"Can you do it? Can you get that... thing... out of my daughter?" Darlene asked.

"Ma'am, we are very experienced. We'll do everything in our power to help your daughter. We just need you guys to stay calm." Jeff said.

"The nun inside... she told us to wait out here. She said we wouldn't want to be close by as this whole happened," Roger said.

"That sounds like a very smart plan," Jeff said with a reassuring smile. That was his best quality. He was undyingly patient and calm, even in the face of some truly fucked-up shit. His demeanor reassured the panicking older couple.

"We're gonna help your daughter. Space for us to work and lots of prayers are what's best," Alice said. "Trust us, we can do this." 

Jeff glanced at the house. It was a typical, two-story family home, one you would see anywhere in America. But he could already feel something. Some sort of deep, dark evil pulsing from the home. Despite his assurances, he was a little nervous.

"Well, then... go! Please! Help her!" Roger said. Jeff nodded at the pair and turned to approach the house when the mom interrupted.

"Her name is Kelsey. Our daughter..." Mrs. Cooper said. She stepped forward and handed Jeff a picture. "She's only 18. She just graduated the top of her class. She's an athlete also. She ran track, and she was on the swim team. She's... she's an incredible daughter. She's so kind and sweet. She volunteers at the church... she loves helping people... everyone loves her. She doesn't deserve this! Please! Help her!"

Jeff and Alice studied the picture. She looked as nice and sweet as her mother said, a bright, beaming smile on her pretty face. She was a brunette with bright, friendly eyes, a good tan, and a slim, fit frame, belying her athletic experience. She was clearly her parents' pride and joy. This was a girl with a future. This was a girl that was going places. This was the girl they were going to save.

"We'll save you daughter," Jeff said with a confident firmness. His confidence assured Roger and Darlene, and somewhat eased their fears. Jeff was calm and unwavering, despite everything. While the nun they had dealt with seemed a bit unsure, both Jeff and Alice seemed ready to help. Ready and able. 

They were the right people for the job.

Turning, the married demonologists approached the front door. They glanced at each other, as they always did before things like this. Alice looked up at Jeff. His confidence always reassured her. He gave her a small half-smile that warmed her heart. He was a handsome man of 32, and he was the man of her dreams. Most of her friends had thought she was kinda crazy for her desire to work in the field she did, but not Jeff. He was the one person who not only heard her out, but wanted to take part in it. He had been interested in the same field as well, so when they met, it seemed like fate. It seemed like these two belonged together. Getting married seemed like an obvious conclusion for two people with so much in common, which they did. And it didn't hurt that he was darn cute as well.

He was a tall, mid-western man. He had worked on a farm in his youth, giving him a good build that he had maintained into his adult years. He was never the type of guy to have much of a tan, but it worked for him. He also had a nice head of brown hair, a warm smile that you had to earn, and an infectious laugh. Also, he happened to have a nice butt and a sizable package. Alice couldn't have felt any luckier. And, on top of all that, he was brave, courageous, never letting anyone else see his fear, even in the craziest of situations. 

They would need that tonight.

Jeff was strengthened by his wife in the same way. She was a cute brunette, a head shorter than him. She wasn't flashy like most other girls. She was a girl with substance, with an intelligent mind and a whip-sharp sense of humor. Her deep knowledge of the paranormal and her always-ready attitude always gave him more strength and courage. Alice always told him he was the brave one. The strong one. But he knew the truth. Alice was the strong one. She was the backbone of their marriage. And if they were gonna succeed here, it wasn't gonna be because of him. It would be her.

Nodding at each other, Jeff opened the door, and the couple stepped inside. Closing the door behind them, they studied their surroundings. The home was dark, as most of the inside was bathed in shadow, the only glow coming from the lights outside. It would seem like a normal, suburban setting, based on looks, but both of them could sense something was wrong.

Something was in the air, literally.

"Lights don't work," Jeff explained, flipping a switch on a table lamp futilely. Alice nodded, noting this fact.

The air was heated, tinged with something they couldn't quite put their fingers on. They weren't alone. Something was here. Something dark. And both of them could feel it. 

They were startled by noise coming from upstairs, the sound of muffled voices and thumping through the floorboards. Glancing at each other, they headed upstairs, towards the source of the noise. The stairway was dark, but they were able to make it upstairs without stumbling. Arriving at the second floor, they found the one room with light emanating from within, a closed door at the end of the hall. As they approached, the noise from within got louder. Resting his hand on the warm brass doorknob, Jeff turned the knob and pushed the door open.

As they stepped inside, they could feel waves of darkness in the air, pulsing outward from the source of the disturbance. Closing the door behind them, Jeff looked up, laying his eyes on the source of that disturbance for the first time. 

She was lying on the bed, or to be more accurate, tied to the bed, each limb connected to a bedpost with a thick, strong rope. It was the girl from the picture.

Kelsey.

"Ha! There they are! The ones you warned me about! The great, demon fighting couple I'm supposed to be afraid of... right?" Kelsey called out, full of teenage arrogance, looking right at them. "I'm shaking in my boots." Her voice sounded odd, as if her normal, teenage cadence was combined with the voice of someone else. Someone far more insidious and animalistic. Even though it was her, the daughter of those two people outside, she was unrecognizable. There was something in her, a darkness emanating from her. She was the source of the evil in the air. But, to be honest, it wasn't really her.

It was the creature possessing her.

They had gotten the call earlier in the day, and they had quickly made their way here. This girl had been possessed by a demon. At least, that's what the parents had claimed when they had called the Church for help. Jeff and Alice had taken part in a few exorcisms, so they had some experience in these things. Plus, they had a deep knowledge of demons and demonology, which they had compiled over the years. So, they were the ones to call. And the Church had done that, reaching out to them when their early efforts with this girl had failed. The Proctors had come here to help out, verify that this was indeed a possession case, and if it was, do what they could to get that demon out of her.

So far, everything supported the case that this girl was possessed. Not only the behavior of the girl, and the energy in the room, but something as simple as the lights being out. In cases like these, when the demon fully takes hold, a surge of dark energy will pulse out of the possessed person, taking out all the nearby lights. The only reason this room was lit was thanks to the portable lamp the nun had no doubt brought with her.

"Are you gonna do anything, you stupid cunt bitch? Or are you just gonna leave me tied up here?" Kelsey spat out. Her words were directed at the other occupant of the room. Standing on the far side of the room was a nun. The woman that had called them when her efforts had failed. The woman who sounded so overwhelmed over the phone, and needed help from experts in the field. The woman who looked terrified now.

"You must be Sister Marie?" Jeff said.

"No! She's the spineless, wimp pussy bitch!" Kelsey cackled from the bed, but the couple tried to ignore her. Jeff and Alice approached her. 

"Yes, Jeff... Alice... I'm the one who called you. And thank God you're here." Marie said. She did indeed look scared. Her eyes wide, sweat covering her face, a stray blonde hair escaping her habit, she seemed completely overwhelmed. She looked about the same age as the couple, but she seemed far less prepared for what was going on here than they did. She looked terrified. Jeff couldn't tell if the sweat on her brow was from the heat in the room or from the exertion of this exorcism. Jeff also couldn't help but notice the unusual habit she was wearing. Tight and figure forming, it hugged her slim body. She looked uncomfortable wearing something that tight. 

"Have you made any progress?" Alice asked.

"A little. I was able to attach the holy ropes before she really, uh... fully woke up, to keep her at bay. I did few basic invocations also, but... nothing beyond that. Whatever's possessing her... it's a nasty one. It's said some truly... awful things," Marie said, looking away.

"Oh, fuck off!" Kelsey screamed out, annoyed. "You are a pathetic excuse for a nun. You probably only joined the church because you couldn't get laid, you flat, plain, ratty bitch!" Marie's cheek twitched, the young woman's words hitting deep. 

For the first time, Jeff turned to study the young woman on the bed more closely. The pictures Mrs. Cooper had shown him had showcased her innocence. But the woman in front of him on the bed... there was something dark inside her. That innocence was gone. Clad only in a thin cotton blue and white nightshirt. With the heat of the room, or the evil in her blood, her tanned skin was coated with perspiration. Her nightshirt was heavy with her sweat, making it cling to her slim, athletic body. Something was not right with her. That much was clear.

There was evil dripping from her pores. It was clear both by sight and the heavy feeling enveloping the room. Jeff sensed immediately that there was something inside this girl. A demon, hidden just beneath the surface.

At the same moment Jeff studied her, Kelsey appraised him. And she liked what she saw.

"Hey, handsome," she began with a wicked smile. "I know you came here to send me back, but... that doesn't mean we can't have fun first..."

"Be quiet," Jeff stated firmly, studying the bed. The ropes tying her to the bed were well done, keeping her in place, thick, heavy ropes tied tightly around her wrists and ankles. But she wasn't struggling against them.

It was as if she was exactly where she wanted to be. 

"Don't act like you don't want some of this..." she stated, glancing down at herself. "Trust me, I see your wife. We both know you'd be getting better from me."

"Quiet!" Jeff called out loudly.

"Oooh, you got some backbone. I like that. Much better than pathetic, dreary-ass Marie here," Kelsey said. "It'll be so much more fun to break you," she said, holding his gaze with hers. "Evil wears us all down eventually. It's just a matter of when..." she boasted, staring him down. She finally looked away and laughed. "Baby, if you only knew what was about to happen..." she said, eyeing him up.

"And what's that?" Jeff asked, clearly impatient. She only smirked wickedly and licked her lips, before mouthing the word 'sex'. Jeff turned away from her, approaching his wife as she was unzipping her bag and taking out some gear.

"Check for any demons that are, uh... hypersexual," Jeff stated, which Alice nodded at. While this type of behavior wasn't exactly common, it wasn't unheard of either. She pulled out her journal and began flipping through the pages.

Jeff studied the room.

Lit only by the portable lamp on the dresser, it looked like a typical teenage room. Not overly girly, but clearly feminine. There were pictures of her on the walls, some with her friends. Some when she was younger with her family. Some with her little sister. She also had a few awards on the wall, things from the church and from her sports accomplishments. Her open closet was full of clothes, of course, and her dresser was covered with girly things, make-up and lip gloss and various knick-knacks. There was a big mirror next to the dresser, and near that was where Sister Marie was standing. 

"Christ compels you to leave, demon," Marie called out, her voice shaky as she held up a cross. "Christ compels you to hell!" she said, attempting to sound firm. Even to Jeff, it was half-hearted at best.

"Shut up!" Kelsey replied, rolling her eyes. "I'm done with you, you fucking dumbass," she added dismissively, before turning back towards Jeff. "I find this one far more interesting."

"Name yourself, demon," Jeff stated calmly, staring her down.

"Please," Kelsey replied, unaffected. "You can do better than that."

"Just trying to keep this easy," Jeff stated. "Leave her now, return from where you came, and no one will be hurt," he said confidently.

"I'm not here to hurt anyone," Kelsey stated. "I just want to make people feel really, REALLY good." She said in a lustful tease. This time, Jeff rolled his eyes.

"You can't possibly expect us to believe that?" Jeff asked, standing over the tied down teen as they talked.

"I just want to bring out the best in people," she said with a sickly sweet tone, pushing out her chest. He couldn't help but glance down as she did so, only to seemingly see her breasts press outward against her dress. Weird. At his first glimpse of her, both in the bed, and in the pictures, she seemed slim and flat-chested, but now, he could see a clear indentation caused by her boobs. She must be a bit more endowed than he initially thought.

Not that he normally notices these things.

"You find anything?" Jeff said, turning back to look at his wife.

"Too soon to tell," Alice replied, still skimming her notes. "I think we need more information."

"This girl is interesting," the demoness from within Kelsey said, looking at herself. Everyone looked at her as she continued. "So pure. So kind. So sweet. But even the prettiest flowers can have poisonous roots. I can see her thoughts. Her desires. This girl needs it bad! Haha. Me and her are gonna have a lot of fun together. Every church-going girl has a dirty slut buried deep inside her. I'm just gonna bring it out! Haha..."

"Leave now, demon, if you know what's best for you," Jeff warned.

"Take of your clothes and join me if you know what's best for you!" Kelsey replied with a laugh. "You want me to leave? Take out your big cock and fuck me, then we'll talk! Haha!" Jeff rolled his eyes in annoyance. "Don't act like you're not already thinking about it. I can already hear your balls filling with cum. Cum that you're gonna give to me. Hope your wife doesn't catch on that you're already falling in love with me!" As she said this, she glanced over at Alice. Jeff did the same, giving Alice a reassuring glance. 

But Alice was unperturbed. She was a big girl. She could handle this. She'd been through a few of these types of encounters, and had heard a lot of filth. Although this was unusual, a spirit being this blatantly sexual, and making rude comments to both her and Jeff, she could handle it. If she could brush off all the comments that sluts at the bar would say to Jeff right in front of her, she could brush aside the things this demoness was saying. She put her nose back in her journal, searching for answers.

"You think very highly of yourself," Jeff stated, still calm in the face of this demoness.

"You know the funniest thing about humans?" the demoness began. "It's that you can know your doom is coming, you can be told about it, you can see it coming a mile away, and you still walk right towards it. Again and again, you humans walk right off that cliff. Like mice in a trap. So I can tell you exactly what is going to happen, and it still won't change how this ends."

"What's going to happen?" Jeff asked, unable to stop himself from inquiring. Kelsey smirked.

"Me and you are gonna fuck!" Kelsey called out plainly, her voice still that mix of her normal teenage cadence with something darker and deeper. "You're gonna forsake your little wife, betray her, and join me in the warm waters of pure sin. And baby... the water's fine."
