 "Gosh, Lavinia! No one told us that Transylvania would be so cold!" I rolled my eyes at the whiny voice of my friend who huddled as close as possible to me as we walked down the cobbled streets. Sure, it was pretty cold and was indeed snowing quite heavily, but I made sure to only complain about it once out of shock when I stepped from the bus. 

"It's winter, Rosie. Cold is a given" I heard her huff loudly in response before the loud chattering of her teeth continued. In fact, if it were any louder I was positive that the noise would have begun to echo through the quickly emptying streets. Rosie and I had arrived at Transylvania a lot later than we had expected, the plane from England had been delayed for a few hours due to the heavy snow storms that were clouding the skies. After a while, we were finally allowed to board the plan, but that meant that our plans of getting to the spas of Sovata and booking a room would have to wait for another day due to the fact that all transport stopped due to the time and weather. 

That also meant we had to find a place to spend the night right now. 

Rosie tugged on my sleeve, pointing in the direction of an old, creepy castle. It looked like those haunted castles that you see in those horror movies and I wouldn't have been surprised if that particular was used in a good movie. I saw her smile wickedly at me, a gleam in her eye that I recognised all too well and I rolled my eyes at her. 

"No" I stated firmly, pulling her along with me. 

"But there might be a sexy vampire waiting to sweep us off our feet!" Rosie whined, spinning on the spot at though she were dancing with someone else. Rosie was an odd girl and her looks really made people notice that quickly. She had natural brown hair but had dyed it a bright, blood red with a shine of purple that she always told me was like fire and I had to admit that it really did suit her. Her skin was pale and flawless, not a single scar or blemish was found on her face or neck and I was positive that the rest of her body would have been the same. One thing that people would always comment on though was the fact that, despite her age, she had the body of a child. I wasn't even joking. Rosie was 20, soon to be turning 21, and she had literally no curves. I could tell you stories about the men I would threaten to beat when they would tell her that real women had curves, or to tell her to eat a pizza and gain weight. I swear pizza is all she ate anyway. 

Either way, Rosie stood out. I, on the other hand, felt completely dull and normal. I'll admit that my natural ginger hair did make me slightly less common than most people but the rest of me? Nothing special. I was slim, with average sized breasts and annoyingly large hips that men would always tell me were perfect...of course that was after I accidentally walked into them despite trying to dodge them. My skin was also pale, but not nearly as flawless as Rosie. I had a few scars dotted up my right arm from where I had stupidly used the fireplace to hoist myself up as a child...obviously the fire burnt my arm and the hospital managed to bandage up most of it and removed the scars from the worst part of my arm, just not all. 

With a sigh, I stepped away from Rosie who was still twirling and babbling about how she will find true love in the arms of an immortal, well educated man. Of course it was just as that time when a hand grabbed my arm, causing me to jump and let out a startled yell before almost slipping on the icy pavement. When I righted myself, I looked down to see a smiling old lady who was still holding my arm tightly, almost as if she was the one who was stopping me from toppling over. 

"Looking for a place to stay? I own a hotel right here. I wouldn't want to keep two beautiful women out in a storm like this! Come, come!" The grey old woman began to usher me toward the building and I managed to yell my friends name, who turned quickly and ran toward me, before I was pushed into the building with Rosie on my heels. The change in temperature caused my cheeks to redden and that in turn embarrassed me even more knowing that I probably looked ridiculous, I was glad when no one mentioned my face when we booked a room with the friendly old lady who eagerly took our money and allowed her assistant to guide us to our room in silence, none of us daring to break the awkward atmosphere of being around people we barely knew. 

"Rosie, we will plan how to get to Sovata tomorrow. I am absolutely exhausted right now" I stretched slightly once the assistant closed the door behind us, Rosie mumbling in agreement before she dived into her bed without removing her clothes. Before I could remind her that she was still wearing clothes covered in snow, I heard her gentle snores filling the room causing me to roll my eyes at her before walking into the bathroom to the right. 

The bathroom wasn't spectacular, but it had what I needed at the time. A shower with hot water. I stepped onto the blue tile of the bathroom but immediately stopped my advancement toward the inviting shower when I noticed the window to the left of me was wide open and I groaned slightly as the harsh winds greeted my battered skin once more. I'll admit that looking out of that window before I closed them took my breath away. It was dark, the moon was out which I also added was amazingly cliché and I chuckled slightly imagining how some people might be running around pretending to be werewolves or vampires. What really caught my eye was that beautiful, medieval castle in the distance looming over the small houses before it. 

"Wow..." Another gust of wind reminded me that I needed to shield myself from the cold winds and I leaned out of the window, my finger tips barely scraping against handle. 

"What? Were people here known for their super long arms? Come on! This is ridiculous!" Groaning, I leaned forward once more and with a grin of triumph, wrapped my fingers around the handle before pulling them to with a satisfied click. With a sigh, I stepped to the side of the window and began to remove my clothing, enjoying the feel of my hands sliding across my skin as I was finally down to my underwear. Reaching behind me, I began to fumble with the clasp of my bra and I took a step back. 

However, what I didn't expect was to bump into something pretty solid. For a second, I thought I might have forgotten how close I was to the wall, but when I felt an icy cold breath against my neck. I tensed up, yanking myself away from the person behind me and stumbled toward the window only to realise that I was now cornered by the intruder. At this point, I was expecting Rosie to laugh at me and tell me how much of a coward I was, or how easy it was to scare me (Which is a lie, I'm not the one who gets nightmares after watching 'ATTACK of the killer Tomatoes'). However, fear took grip of me once more when I noticed that it wasn't Rosie in the same room as me. In fact, It wasn't anyone I had seen today. 

Before me stood a tall, pale man. He wore what appeared to be a black, velvet robe that hid most of the clothing underneath, the only thing I could tell he was wearing was black boots since they pointed out from underneath the material. His face was handsome, incredibly so. In fact, I am pretty sure that Rosie would jump on him the moment she saw him. He had long, silky black hair that framed his face. My breath caught in my throat when I looked into his eyes, his blood red eyes. They weren't looking at me with anger, hatred and I certainly didn't feel threatened by the beautiful man in front of me. Instead, he stared into my own blue eyes with what I could decipher as curiosity. 

"U-Uhm. Is this a joined bathroom? I am sorry, I didn't re-" 

"What is your name?" His voice made me forget what I was saying. It was deep, seductive and I could almost feel myself starting to get excited just from his voice. With a slight shake of the head, I cleared my throat and spoke, looking everywhere but at the man that stood before me. 

"Lavinia. Lavinia Grant" I noticed in the corner of my eye he had cocked his head slightly as I spoke. "If you want to use the bathroom, that's cool. I'll just leave" I quickly stepped around the man in front of me, awkwardly grabbing my clothes with one hand whilst trying to ensure that I didn't bend down directly in front of the man. I decided to leave my bra unclasped since my plan was to run out of the room as fast as I could. So, with that in mind and with my clothes pressed to my heaving chest, I stepped around the man and shuffled toward the door with flaming red cheeks. 

Suddenly the door in front of me was slammed shut and a hand covered my mouth to muffle a startled yelp from leaving my lips. The large pale hand that had closed the door slowly trailed down the wood before slowly brushing against the skin of my arm. Goosebumps began to appear on my skin as he gently stroked his way to my shoulder, moving my long red hair to expose my pale neck. With closed eyes, I allowed the hand covering my mouth to tilt my head to the side to allow his lips to press against my skin gently, a slight whimper forming deep in my throat when tingles shot through my body and straight down to my core almost making me rub my legs together to ease the arousal that was beginning to rear its head. 

His lips trailed from my shoulder, pressing butterfly kisses up my sensitive neck before he reached my ear, cold breath ghosting over it before he swiped his tongue against the lobe slowly, sensually. Admittedly, my ears are incredibly sensitive and his cool tongue brushing against my heated skin caused me to let out a sigh of pleasure before I realised the predicament I was in. Eventually, I mustered up the strength to pull myself away from the man but couldn't escape through the door to my bedroom since he was blocking it. I glanced around the room quickly and I felt my heart skip a beat when I noticed that this bathroom didn't have another door leading to another bedroom. 

So, either this guy was waiting for me like a creep or he climbed in through the open window which I highly doubt was possible. 

"W-what the hell do you think you are doing?!" I sure did hope my voice sounded confident and that the stammer was really just my mind playing tricks on me. However, when I noticed a small smirk form on his handsome face I knew that I couldn't hide my fear and I tensed, eyes growing wide. I took a step back as he took a step forward, his muscular frame shadowing my small one completely. I watched nervously as he raised his arms, pulling his cloak from around his neck to reveal an old fashioned white blouse tucked into tight, black pants. 

Black pants that had an incredibly large bulge. 

"Stop fooling yourself. I can smell your arousal." I felt my back press against the cold wall and I glanced to the side, peering out the glass window wondering if it was safe to jump. I was pretty high up and the snow wasn't even close to being deep enough to being able to save me from breaking any limbs during the fall. He reached toward me, gripping my chin tightly between his cold fingers and pulling my face to his. His lips were so close that I could almost feel them brushing against my own as he spoke. 

"Don't resist. You are mine" 

Any thoughts that I had of escaping from the unnamed stranger were immediately thrown out of the window when I felt his smooth lips press against my own in a chaste kiss. I closed my eyes tight when I felt him tilt his head slightly, gripping the back of my neck and holding me in place as his lips moved against mine. His tongue pushed against my own, demanding entrance that I simply didn't have the strength to deny. This man was right, I was incredibly aroused and it was his fault. 

Without really thinking, I fisted the front of his blouse, pulling his body closer to me as he deepened the kiss. Our tongues dances together as he removed his hand from the back of my neck and began to trail it down my back, effectively sending shivers or pure arousal through my body. When his large hands gripped my plentiful hips, he pulled me forward never stopping the devouring of my mouth and I let out a gentle moan when I felt his own sign of arousal press against my stomach. Despite the frigid cold of the rest of the building, my temperature began to rise and I could feel my head getting dizzy as he removed his lips from my own before growling low in my ear. The man tightened his hold on my hips before pulling me up so that my feet no longer touched the ground and I instinctively locked my ankles around his hips, groaning into the steamy bathroom when I felt his arousal press into my core. 

Pushing me against the wall, he quickly removed my bra that was almost falling off anyway and I could almost see his eyes gleam with lust as he stared at my milky white mounds topped with perky, rosy nipples that were stood straight from his attention to my body. Pulling my chest toward his mouth, he growled low once more before taking a single nipple into his wet mouth, suckling on it as if he was a child suckling from a mother. Pleasure coursed through my body as he ground his hips into me whilst flicking a pink, sensitive nipple with his wet tongue. After a short while he tore away from my nipple and gave the other the same attention and I had little time to muse about how he seemed incredibly impatient, like he wanted something more that what he was helping himself to. 

He groaned in frustration before quickly moving me so that I was sitting on the high sink and I had little time to think before he fell onto his knees and pried my shaking legs apart. My blue underwear was quickly torn from my mound and he pulled my hips closer to him, causing my legs to spread even further before he lunged his head forward. What I didn't expect was for a moan to leave his own lips as he inhaled the scent of my arousal and I could feel a blush beginning to spread across my face at the realisation. 

"God, woman. Do you have any idea how delicious you smell?" 

The black haired man left no time for me to reply as he went straight for gold and flicked his moist tongue against my clit, thrumming it quickly and causing my body to stiffen and my legs to attempt to shut over his head. Much to my sensitive bodies dismay, when my legs did shut around his head it only made him bury his face further into my wet folds as he devoured me, sucking every inch of my skin that his greedy mouth could reach. His lips trapped my pink clit, sucking on the hardening nub with hunger, causing me to buck my hips into his face without really intending to. Eventually, I felt his finger begin to slip into my warm, wet depths and begin an immediate and satisfying fast and hard pace that left me gasping into the air and arching my back almost painfully. I could hear the sounds of his slurping, the sounds of his fingers pumping into me and I could feel a coil begin to form deep in the put of my stomach and I wanted that coil to snap so badly, to scream in release as this man accepted everything. 

His lips pushed back the protective skin around my clit before sucking the bud of pure pleasure into his warm and eager mouth. The hand that was not relentlessly churning my insides raised quickly to my own mouth, his fingers popping inside and without thinking I began to suckle on them, gasping as my orgasm began to approach quickly. 

Taking my clit between his teeth, adding a second finger into my moist depths and growling low finally sent me over to the edge. I would have screamed, but the man thrust his fingers further into my mouth to cut off any noise that would have been heard. My hips thrust into his face wildly as the white hot pleasure shot through my body before I slowly began to come down, leaning my head back whilst gasping, watching the man before me slowly stand up and look down at my flushed body with a lustful smirk. 

I felt a groan try to escape my lips when I watched him raise his fingers, the fingers that had been pummelling my sensitive core, to his mouth and wrap his long and skilled tongue around each of the fingers before taking them into his mouth separately and suckling any moisture from them. His red eyes gleamed mischievously as he watched my dazed expression before leaning toward me again and kissing me deeply. 

"You taste just as delicious as you smell..." The chuckle that escaped his perfect lips caused another jolt of arousal to shake my body and I could feel him tense against my body as he inhaled the air with a groan of his own. I watched as he unzipped the fly of his pants and as he pulled out his thick, hard and slick penis. My mouth watered and with tired arms, pushed myself into a sitting position so that I could try and get to the floor, lean in front of him and take that delicious man into my mouth and treat him the way he treated me. I was surprised, however, when he gripped my body and held me still, pinning my hips down as he positioned himself at my entrance and with a quick, smug smirk aimed toward me, he thrust himself to the hilt with a single powerful thrust that caused a deep moan to erupt from my pink lips 

He stayed there, gasping for air as I felt myself stretch to accommodate his thick shaft. I wasn't a virgin, that was for sure and he certainly wasn't treating me like one, either. I was glad about this. Sometimes a woman doesn't want a man to treat her like a breakable doll in bed, sometimes a woman wants the man to take what he wants, dominate her completely and not hold back. Don't get me wrong, this doesn't mean I like 'bad boys', I just love feeling desired enough that a man can't hold back the primitive urge to pound me senseless. 

The man that was currently holding me tight, pressing himself deep within me was giving me just that. He was satisfying every internal ache I have ever had and kept hidden. Eventually, he began to move and for a short while, he moved slowly as if he was enjoying the feeling of my moist heat wrapped around him, rubbing against him. With fumbling fingers I pulled open the buttons of his shirt, desperately wanting to touch his skin as his pace began to quicken, his powerful thrusts beginning to push me further back onto the sink and he growled in frustration before he picked me up, his penis forcing itself deeper into me and causing me to see stars. 

When I finally managed to touch his muscular chest, I pulled myself forward and wrapped my arms around his shoulders. This gave me perfect access to his neck as I began to suck and nip against his skin, enticing a deep groan to leave his mouth. I was pushed against the wall, his hips moving at an erratic pace as he forced himself deep inside me, the pleasure becoming the only thing I could feel and think about as I felt every inch of him rubbing inside. I could feel the slight pull as he would leave just the tip of himself still inside me before he would quickly plunge his way back to the hilt, ramming me against the wall with his powerful thrusts. 

I began to feel my body tense up again, my eyes closed tightly as the coil tightened. It tightened a lot tighter and I gasped for breath as I tried to ensure I didn't pass out from the stimulation. I was being loud, he didn't seem to care anymore and neither did I, I was moaning loud as I gripped the back of his neck, tugging his thick, luscious hair and rocking my hips in time with his powerful, jack hammer thrusts. 

"Close your eyes" He ground out through his teeth, he followed this order with a particularly hard thrust that forced me to shut my eyes and I threw my head back only for it to be tugged to the side by one of his large hands. His pace never faltered, not when he trailed his tongue up my tender neck, not when he placed a single kiss to my jaw and not even when I felt his large fangs pierce my neck. My eyes widened as the pain shot through my body and my mouth opened to scream, but he covered my mouth with his hand and began to pound into my harder than he had ever done before. My hips were smashed against by his own as he became violent, drinking from my neck. Despite the sharp pain, I felt myself come even closer to the peak that we were chasing after, the end that we both so desperately needed. 
