 Sit there and watch Charlotte disappear behind me, or do something drastic like pull the emergency stop or kick out a window? Given the level of security around the Tube, and not wanting to wind up in prison, I chose the former, as much as it pained me to do so. When we got to White City, I thought about getting off and trying to catch a westbound train, but what good would that do me? I didn't know when or where she'd be getting off, and for all I knew, she had left the train as soon as mine started pulling out. Dammit! So close! Well, if she was following me, the best thing was to get off here and stand as conspicuously as I could on the platform to make sure she saw me. I let four trains go by before giving up on that plan. 

Dejected, I boarded again and rode into Tottenham Court Road, and made my way up to the street. It was completely dark out now, and the city was alive with lights and traffic and the bustle of a typical Friday night. I wasn't feeling much like having fun anymore; in fact, I felt like giving up on the whole damn thing and going back home to Los Angeles. But I knew that I wouldn't. In truth, there was nothing on my mind but Charlotte. 

I sauntered down through Soho southwest toward the May Fair where I'd been staying since I arrived two months ago. The clubs and the pubs were hopping; just the sort of scene I'd been looking forward to before my chance encounter on the Tube. Now I just wanted to get to my room and go to sleep. My eyes played tricks on me as I maneuvered along the crowded sidewalks, and every dirty blonde with long, wavy hair made me think she was Charlotte for a split second. Sometimes more. Sigh. At least I wasn't hungry. That would have made for a very bad night.

I poured myself a tall glass of scotch and dropped a couple of ice cubes into it, settling down onto the bed with the well-worn copy of Moby Dick I almost always travelled with. It was my thirty-seventh time through it, and I was beginning to feel like I got most of the allusions by now. But I couldn't concentrate. I kept identifying with Ahab, thinking Charlotte was my white whale. I put the book down and began to rub my hand around my pussy, grabbing my labia together and pinching my clit through them while I pictured Charlotte's perfect ass walking away from the bar on the first night I'd seen her. I was getting myself pretty worked up, but in truth I didn't have anything solid to fantasize about, never having had any sort of lesbian experience. I flipped the TV on and scrolled through the menu to the porn options, and then to the lesbian category. I went with Sapphic Slave Sluts 3, and it definitely did the trick. I quickly slipped my panties off, and as the titular girls, clad in various permutations of leather, latex, and fishnets, went at it, I began to furiously work first two and then three fingers in and out of my now-sopping pussy. Engrossed both in the action on screen and in my own ministrations, I nearly leapt out of the bed in shock when I heard a voice say, "You are just completely depraved, aren't you?"

It was Charlotte. She had come in from the balcony. She had on tight black pants and knee-high black leather boots, and she looked as beautiful as anyone ever could. Except for the primed crossbow she had pointed at my chest. 

"Fuck, you scared me!" I said, equal parts happy to see her and worried about my prospects for a continued life.

"It's natural to be scared right before you die," she said, her voice cold as ice. "I'm sending you back to whatever hell it is you came from."

"I'm from Prague, actually, if you go back far enough. Although L.A. at present. That whole demons-are-from-hell thing is actually a big misconception. We're from Earth like everyone else. I really think if you just took the time to get to..." I talk a lot when I'm nervous.

"Shut up!" she said, but there was something new in her voice, a tiny bit of wavering, I thought. The crossbow dropped just a bit, and a look of uncertainty entered the brilliant green eyes that had just seconds before been full of steely resolve. Now, my own not-insignificant allure as a physical specimen, quite apart from any of my demonic attributes, would have had most men a bit distracted, especially given my compromised situation clothing-wise. Add in the powerful sex hormones I give off when aroused, even across a room, and it's the rare human male I wouldn't have been able to seduce at that point, even had they been a trained demon hunter. I began to wonder -- to hope -- that my natural secretions were having at least some of that effect on Charlotte. It was the only chance I had. I'm fast, but not that fast.

I got onto my hands and knees, the milky globes of my breasts dangling as I began to crawl across the bed toward her. I locked my eyes on hers, in part to give her my best seductive gaze and in part to look for any glimmer of movement that might let me know she was about to pull the trigger. Slowly, sensuously, with every ounce of feminine wiles I'd developed in all my centuries, I edged closer. I reached the edge of the bed, still alive, to my pleasant surprise. We were only about three feet apart now. As gracefully as I could, I swung my legs around, pivoting on my ass and making no effort to hide my still-wet womanhood as I did so. As I stood, I could see the crossbow was definitely pointed even lower than it had been, and while it was nice to not have it aimed right at my heart anymore, I was still pretty keen to avoid a bolt to the gut. Our eyes remained locked.

"Tell me you haven't been thinking about me," I said quietly. "Tell me you haven't wished I did more than just talk to you when I had you tied to the bed." Too much Sapphic Slave Sluts. It wasn't what she wanted to hear. The crossbow shot up a few inches. But, now just two feet from her, well, I was that fast. I spun my body out of the line of fire, shifting to my demon form as I did so. I could feel the wind from the loosed bolt as it missed me by less than an inch, and then I was on her. Unlike many other kinds of demons, succubae aren't exceptionally strong, but we're stronger than humans, especially in our true form. As I moved to her left, she swung the stock of the crossbow at me, but I caught her arm in my left hand even as I wrapped my tail around her throat. The crossbow dropped to the floor. With my right hand, I grabbed her hair, pulling her sharply down while throwing my weight onto her, the combined effect of which was for her to crumple to the ground, me on top of her. I kept my tail around her throat tightly enough to make her breathing challenging, but not enough to cut it off completely.

"Now," I said, trying to ignore the waves of desire pulsing up from between my legs, "this is the second time I've had you at my mercy. Last time I gave you my word that I wouldn't hurt you. I'm not sure what else I can offer. My love certainly doesn't seem to matter to you." I eased my tail off from her throat just enough to allow her to talk.

"I'm sworn to kill all demonkind. You're a demon. It's as simple as that."

"Goddammit, Charlotte, you need to get over this demon bullshit. We're no different than any other creature. Dolphins, elephants, humans, whatever. We all belong here."

"You kill to survive."

"And humans don't?" I said. "Humans tear each other limb from limb. Humans have wars on unimaginable scales. Humans commit fucking genocide! All for no reason. At least when we kill we do it because we have to. It's no different than what humans do with animals, except that you all could be vegetarians. And anyway, I've already explained to you that I don't hurt anyone that doesn't deserve it! Now, what are we gonna do here, sweet Charlotte?"

"You're either going to kill me, or you're going to let go of me, at which point I'm going to make every effort to kill you."

"Really? Still? You're just not going to even think about anything I just said?"

She shook her head as much as she could, which wasn't much.

"No," I said. "You had me dead to rights a minute ago, and you didn't pull the trigger. You let me crawl toward you until I was close enough to get you like this."

"You're a sex demon. I wasn't thinking straight."

"I'm not either," I said, tightening my tail again to where she couldn't talk very easily. Keeping my hands around her wrists, I shifted my weight a little and pushed my knee up into her crotch. With my tail, I could feel her breath catch in her throat as I ground into her. I squeezed her neck a little tighter, still letting her breathe but definitely adding a more serious element to her predicament. The very bottom of my femur was now pushing hard up against her clit through her pants. As her face grew more and more red from the pressure around her throat, her eyes started to roll back into her head. I knew I wasn't choking her hard enough for that. I kept the pressure up on her crotch and quickly withdrew my tail, wrapping it instead around one of her wrists, giving me a free hand. With this I reached down and felt my own sodden cunt, slipping two fingers inside for just a second. Then I ran the same fingers gently along her lips, slowly pushing them into her mouth just a little. Her teeth parted and her tongue slipped out, flicking gently at the juices on my digits. 

"Tell me to stop," I said, holding her gaze.

"Stop," she said, her voice muffled by my fingers, her tongue unwilling to stop its gentle motions around my fingertips. It was a very unconvincing "stop." I withdrew my hand and lowered my face until it was just inches from hers. As our lips met, I could feel her arms, which had all the while been tensed in resistance to my grasp of them, go limp. Her breath was faint with sugar and tea, her tongue as wet and warm as any I'd ever felt. I pushed my mouth over hers completely, but kept my tongue back, letting hers come to me. She wasn't shy about it. 

One night back in 1098, before I'd amended my ways, I'd fucked my way around a Crusader camp, taking twenty-one souls before I was sated. To this day, I don't really know what got into me that night, only that I was filled with a lust that knew no bounds. It wasn't even the souls I wanted, just the cocks. I only mention it because until this moment with Charlotte, that was always what I remembered as the highest point of arousal I'd ever reached. But despite the desperate fire in my loins, this was not the way I wanted it. Wanted her. No. I wanted her to need it. I wanted her to feel the same thing I felt. I wanted to haunt her dreams and her waking hours alike. As much as I wanted her tongue buried in my cunt, I wasn't going to take her by force. I broke my lips away from hers and released my hold on her wrists as she looked up at me with a mixture of fear, confusion, and desire on her face. 

"That's just a taste of what I can give you," I said. "When you're ready." I picked up the crossbow and stood up. "Now get out of here before I change my mind and take you." Her eyes were smoldering, whether from hatred or lust I couldn't tell. I don't think she could tell, either. As she reached the door, I said, "I'll be here when you want me."

What the fuck are you doing? I said to myself as the door closed behind her. You finally found her and now you're letting her walk away? Well, not exactly, came my reply. To myself. I threw some clothes on, called down to the desk to have them pack the rest of my things and move them to another room, and went out over the balcony. First of all, I wasn't quite stupid enough to stay there, in case Charlotte decided to come back with some of her demon-hunting cronies. Second, I had no intention of waiting for her or for another chance encounter. She'd obviously followed me from the train at Shepherd's Bush, without my having seen her. Now it was my turn to do some following. It was high time I discovered where she kept a bed.