 It swam in a frenzy, instinctively knowing that it was about to be fed. Half a dozen assistants, and the lead researcher, Prof. Hynes, stood at the observation window, watching the creature circle in the chamber below. "And this is what we are calling a Tyrannus Temptatur, which for those with a good grounding in Latin, means 'Tyrant Feeler'," said Richard Hynes. 

The assistants were new recruits at the Feltzmann Institute, and had, of course, never seen such a creature before. It was neither a squid, nor an octopus, but it had similarities to both. No-one could believe that it was native to this planet. Indeed, it had no earthly DNA. Perhaps that is what it was trying to acquire: a way to become less alien. If that was the case, then it was only interested in becoming more human, as is it did not "feed" on any other animal.

Hynes turned to the assistants, with his back to the glass. The assistants looked intermittently between him and the cephalopod below. "I have specially arranged for you to see its most fascinating behaviour. Pay close attention, for I expect you to learn much." The professor picked up a phone from the observation console, and requested that Chris meet with them.

The professor explained as many facts about the original discovery of the creature as he could until Chris arrived at the group after a few moments. He was dressed in a white dressing gown, and wore loose sandals. "This is Chris," explained Hynes. "He is also new here. He joined just a few weeks before any of you, and in fact this will be his first session feeding the creature."

"Now, this species is unique, in that it has a very peculiar diet. This particular creature feeds exclusively off of men's semen. Others of its kind obtain their sustenance from women, or a mixture of both men and women. The species needs a live subject, for reasons we have not yet been able to determine. It rejects semen given to it in a container or prosthetic penis, for example. This is where people like Chris come in. Chris, please, if you would loosen your dressing gown."

Chris did so, untying the belt and letting the robe hang loosely down his body. He was only wearing a red pair of swimming trunks underneath. "Chris, if you would kindly lower your trunks so that we can see what you're made of, please." Chris lowered his trunks to his knees.

"As you will notice, Chris has an uncommonly large pair of testicles." The professor cupped the young man's testes, and held them out so that the audience could appreciate them better. Chris watched as eyes lowered their gaze to what was hanging between his legs. His penis twitched as he sensed all eyes upon him. "We have found that the specimen seems more satisfied when the donor has a large pair of balls. The system we have at the Institute is that there is a rotation of young men who abstain from sexual activity for approximately a week. This creates an optimal build-up of semen in the testes. Beyond ten days, the body begins to break down the old sperm, as it is no longer viable for reproduction. How long has it been since you last ejaculated, Chris?"

"Six days," said Chris. His penis began to swell. He was obviously enjoying all the attention. "I had sex with my girlfriend six days ago." Some of the women in the group licked their lips imperceptibly. They thought about what sex with this handsome young man with big balls must be like.

"Good," said the professor. "Now, Chris, pull your speedos back up and make your way to the containment tank." Chris did as we was told. He now sported an unmistakable semi as he snuggled it back into in his speedos. "Feeders usually report straight to the tank rather than the observation window. I thought that, on this occasion, it would be informative if one met with you all personally. And can I just add that, if there are any young men here that would be interested in volunteering for the feeding work, then let me know. We could always use a reserve of volunteers, as the creature needs a constant supply of semen."

The professor scanned the faces of the men in the audience. His eyes locked on the youngest of them, who was also the most attractive. The young man bent himself at the waist slightly, put upon that he was viewed as prime feeding material.

There was a buzz from the console, which was a signal that Chris was at the entrance of the containment room, and ready to begin. Hynes flicked a toggle switch on a different panel, and spoke into a microphone there. "OK Chris, enter the tank." The professor's voice could be heard from speakers overhead, and from the tank, and surrounding area.

The creature froze in its tracks. Then it slowly glided towards the entranceway. Supper was about to be served.

The hatch opened. Chris stepped through, naked, and the door closed behind him. He walked slowly along a grilled gangplank. The walkway ran from the hatch to the far end of the chamber. It was two inches above the pool in which the creature floated motionlessly. Chris continued walking, and the monster submerged itself, aiming to position itself behind him.

After a few more steps, the monster lashed out with a thick tentacle, snagging Chris by his left calf. Chris froze. Suddenly, another tentacle, about twice the thickness of twine, whipped out of the water, and wrapped itself around Chris' testicles with lightning speed. His testicles were given a painful squeeze as the monster tried to drag Chris downwards by his balls. Chris grabbed a hold of his nuts, trying to maintain control.

Hynes spoke into the microphone. "Remember your briefing, Chris. Don't resist. Just do what it wants you to." Chris dropped to his knees, still clasping his aching testicles. Hynes turned to the observers. "As you can see, the creature first uses a tentacle to latch onto its victim. Once it has a preliminary grasp, it uses a second one to cement its control. With little effort on its own part, it can exercise complete dominion over its victim. As you'll see shortly, it also uses that tentacle to palpate and massage the victim's testes. It can administer both pleasure and pain in order to make the victim cooperate."

The creature loosened its grip on Chris' gonads, and he stopped wincing. A thin tentacle rose from the water, exploring his anus. Chris thrust his hips forward. The tentacle slid backwards and forwards between his buttocks. He relaxed his sphincter, and the tentacle slid into Chris' anus. The penetration was smooth and silky. Chris let out an approving sigh.

The tentacle went in further, probing for Chris' prostate. Another tentacle put pressure on Chris' perineum. Chris' cock sprang to attention. The creature began a cycle of stimulation. First, it pressed against his prostate. Then it eased up. Next, it slid the tentacle in his ass backwards and forwards a fraction of an inch, gently rubbing the rectum. It expanded his anus slightly. Then it fondled his perineum, and raised his balls slightly. 

A small bead of pre-cum sprouted on the tip of his penis. The monster repeated these motions in a continuous cycle. Prostate, rectum, anus, perineum, testicles. 

Chris swore under his breath. He threw his head back.

"How are you feeling, Chris?" asked the professor. 

"Fuck me, this feels great. Best fuck of my life," replied Chris.

Hynes gave a wry smile. He fiddled with some dials on the console so that cameras could have a better view. One trained on Chris' entire body, and another zoomed in on his crotch. Nothing was left to the imagination of the onlookers.

The tentacles continued their expert ministrations. Chris rocked and lolled. A thick drool of pre-cum dangled from his pulsating rod. A large globule led the string of pre-cum downwards, like a spider descending on a gossamer thread. The man humped the air, and the thread danced along with him. 

His pre-cum touched one the tentacles. The creature reacted immediately. It raised its beak out of the water, and hummed monotonously. The sound was a deep bass, and caused its body to vibrate. Chris felt the vibrations, too. He trembled with excitement at first, which quickly gave way to an explosive convulsion.

A wave of sexual energy swept over his body, moving like an unstoppable tsunami from his nether region to the top of his head. "Fuck me. Oh fucking God," Chris shouted with unbridled ecstasy. He imagined that this is what the ancient yogis felt when their Kundalini rose.

Copious amounts of Cowper fluid dribbled from Chris' raging boner, but no semen was emitted. He had just experienced an anal and prostate orgasm, not an ejaculatory one. Chris became completely submissive. The monster could do what he wanted with him for all he cared.

Another tentacle, medium in width, slid up Chris' back, wrapped around the man's chest and pulled it backwards. More tentacles latched onto him, one for each arm and each leg. Chris was hoisted into the air a foot from the gangplank. He was suspended spread-eagled, face up.

The professor commented, "Now that the victim has been subdued into a state of docile compliance, he is ready to be milked. The beast will continue to stimulate his testicles, prostate, anus and perineum whilst carrying out its main objective."

Yet more tentacles emerged from the water. Two dedicated themselves to caressing Chris' nipples. Another one forced itself down Chris' throat.

"The tentacle in his throat serves a number of purposes. Firstly, it increases the sensory stimulation of the subject. It also administers a powerful relaxant and aphrodisiac. In fact, a number of you here will be assigned the task of researching the aphrodisiac further. There is much to be done in the analysis of its composition, to say nothing about trying to synthesise it. We have yet to figure out a satisfactory physical extraction procedure. Whoever is assigned to this will undoubtedly be male, as the specimen responds better to men than to women." Hynes' eyes darted over the faces of the researchers. Two of the men gulped, but their gazes remained fixed as if that possibility did not apply to them; or so they hoped.

A peculiar organ, more like a pipe than a tentacle, unfolded itself from the beast. At its end was something like a bowl, but flexible and rubbery. The bowl enveloped Chris' nuts, encased them snugly, and made rippling motions. Chris moaned in approval. His penis had never been so hard.

Then, a snake-like tentacle crawled its way up between the man's legs, and curled itself around. It had a mouth at the end, which is held agape. Inside the mouth was another thin tentacle, no thicker than a strand of spaghetti, and dripping with lubricant. This inner tentacle flicked over the head of Chris' penis until it found the opening. 

It slid that thin tentacle down his urethra. Chris' cock tingled with delight. The encasing tentacle worked its way down until his penis was completely enclosed. Chris was euphoric. Every cell in his body lit up. He writhed and twisted. The tentacles swayed in sympathy, amplifying the contortions of his body.

His pleasure rose to a crescendo, and Chris let out a deep groan as he passed the point of no return. His balls spat out their warm milky spunk. The creature eagerly syphoned off his sperm and claimed it for itself. Chris lay back in a post-orgasmic afterglow. The creature stopped its activities, and let him rest briefly.

It had not finished with him, though. After half a minute, it began to work on him again. Chris' cock stiffened again, as the monster pounded his arse, tickled his balls, and sucked on his virile member once more. Chris thrust rhythmically, trembled, and shot a second load of come. Chris was drenched in the sweat of his exertions.

The monster gave Chris time to draw breath, and embarked on yet another round of pleasuring the man. Chris orgasmed again, but this time he had no more semen left to give. The monster let him down gently to the platform. It withdrew its appendages from Chris' body, and rested itself near the base of Chris' feet.

Chris lay there, gently caressing his own body. He was still inflamed with passion. After a momentary pause, he started to stroke his cock. He placed his other hand between his crotch, fingering his butt-hole.

"The specimen keeps bringing its victims to orgasm until they have been completely emptied of sperm. Only then will it release them. It is not uncommon for men to masturbate after they have been ravished, especially if it's their first time. We're not sure, but it seems as though the specimen is actually admiring the man when he masturbates," explained the professor. He spoke into the microphone again, "Chris, how are you feeling?"

"Fuck, man. That was amazing. I've never felt so horny in my life," replied Chris.

He lay there for ten minutes, resting as he processed the experience mentally. Finally, stumbling, he brought himself upright. Slowly, with aching muscles, he walked to the hatchway and stepped through. As soon as Chris was out of sight, the creature slipped back into the pool, extending its tentacles in every direction.

Chris was given a physical check-up in the antechamber by a waiting female physician. She examined him thoroughly: his scalp, mouth, torso, legs, rectum, and, of course, his genitalia. Chris remained semi-erect, with pre-cum still dripping from him. He stiffened a little when the doctor ran her hands over his balls and penis. He was given a clean bill of health.

"I remind the men amongst this group that we are could use all the volunteers we can muster," said the professor. None of the men reacted, but he made a mental note of one man in particular, who sported a small wet patch on the crotch of his jeans. "I shall be going around later to talk to each man privately. New inductees are a particularly fertile source of volunteers, if you'll forgive the pun, because they have not made many social connections here. This makes them less hesitant about volunteering."

The professor concluded his presentation, and proceeded on to other parts of the facility, entourage in tow.