 Eu'entia found the scent to be coming from a two floor house in the center of the town. Cars underneath her went by left and right, crowds of humans bustled here and there, most of them using their 'phones' as they walked. Eu'entia was especially curious as to how those phones worked, she learned a lot from eating the young blonde hunk's memories, but not much, seeing as he majored in something called 'social sciences' and that it was rather confusing to seat through an entire lifetime of just heartbreaks and worthless promises he had made to different girls over the full course of his twenty years of life.

Now, the man in the two story brown brick house, he was different. He carried something Eu'entia wanted, her mouth watered for him. She floated down to the window that had a speck of a faint glow of light. Peering through, she saw the girl reading the book, so young yet so curious, Eu'entia thought. With a few hand signs and a wave of her arms, she casted a sleeping spell. The young girl soon placed the book in the drawer and turned off the lights. Another cast of her magic and she made it so no sound would get through and disturb her sleep. She reckoned that she would be loud with her father tonight. 

Phasing through the front door, she was greeted by a long dark hallway. To her right was the living room, it had a large flat 'television', a device that showed moving photographs. The archway to her left was the kitchen, homey and filled with the aroma of delicious food. She continued along the hallway, towards the open door near the end, where light was flooding out and the sound of modern music could be heard playing at a low volume. She tilted her head and sniffed at the air, the man's aroma became savory and more delicious than ever, he was sweating and the alluring musk of his scent had begun another fire inside of her.

The doorway lead down, she floated down on her wings to find a room just filled with his musky scent. It was what humans called a 'gym', a place where they could hone their bodies into their perfect shape to raise the chance of being able to copulate with one another. There were a lot of instruments that could help the man keep his beautiful figure intact. At the moment, the man was running on a machine known as a 'treadmill', the blonde hunk from before had used it before, it simulated running without the actual displacement of the body. The man did not had his shirt on, sweat drenched his body. He wore the same kinds of short as the other guy from before, a 'basketball short'. Eu'entia had no understanding of what this basketball except that it was a game, a play of dominance. The succubus had no intention of knowing more about it, because in her mind, there was another different kind of balls she would like to be playing with at that moment.

It was time. Eu'entia made herself visible in the form a dark skinned beauty, her mahogany hair was long and silky, her breasts were of ample proportion and her cunt was clean shaven, a feature most of the men today look for in a woman. "Hello" she called out to him in a husky voice.

The man turned and jumped down of the machine and made eye contact with her. At that very moment, she knew his name. She now had the power to command him to do all she bids him to.

"Who are you and how did you get in my house?" he asked, his voice rough, sending bolts of lust through her.

She walked sensually towards him. "Don't you remember me, Chris?" she asked him as she stopped in front of him, their faces a few inches away from each other. "It's me... Daisy"

"Daisy...?" his face of confusion turned into one of recognition. "Daisy, hey, I didn't hear you come in... and why are you naked?"

"Because I want to taste you" she whispered to him. Her hand reached out and grabbed at his crotch. She felt his member twitch, such a big member! She thought as she leaned in for a kiss. Chris was stunned for a moment as her lips touched his, but it took only for a moment until he pulled away. "What's wrong?" she purred.

"It's just... Angela's upstairs and—" 'Daisy' placed a finger in front of his lips as she shushed him.

"It's okay" she told him. "She won't hear us" she kissed his neck, her tongue licking up the sweat. "I made sure she won't" she whispered.

Such a sentence would have scared anyone, especially him, but Chris felt relieved that Angela wouldn't hear, that she might be fast asleep and go through the night without waking up and finding them. With his fear gone, he moved towards her and kissed her back, tasting her sweet lips. Daisy wrapped her arms around his neck as she pulled him against her body, she could feel the head of his cock shoot out from the garter of his short as it grazed against the skin of her thigh.

"You're already hard" she said in caught breaths.

"It's because I haven't had sex for a month now" he said, a little red on the cheeks. "Christine's been busy for a while"

"Well" she said with a teasing smile as she kneeled down in front of him. "We'll just have to fix that"

Daisy pulled down his shorts to reveal his manhood. The head reached all the way to just below his navel, it was thick enough that her tiny hand and boney fingers couldn't fully wrap around its body. Such a blessed man, she thought as she trailed the trimmed hair around the base with her eyes and followed it up to the fur on his chest to see him looking down on her, his face full of pleasure and lust. She gripped his cock by the base and positioned its tip in front of her lips. The soon parted and let the head of his manhood enter her warm, wet mouth. Chris moaned and tilted his head in bliss, his hand reached backwards and gripped the handrail of the treadmill to keep himself from falling down.

Daisy pulled back and turned her attention to the low hanging sack he had underneath his big rod. They were plump and the size of eggs. She could feel the hot seed inside as she cupped them in her hand. Her lush lips left embers of desire as she kissed the thick length of his cock.

"Daisy" he managed to mutter. "Suck it, baby"

Her mouth opened once more and she took him inside her. At first she bobbed up and down along just the tip of his cock, slowly and progressively, she moved until she could swallow half of his length. Such bliss was too much for Chris, his body was sweating more than it had ever did when he was working out. It was as if someone had turned the heater to max in the gym. His entire body glistened with sweat but looking down, Daisy wasn't breaking one at all, her ebony skin was cool to his touch. 

It didn't take long until Daisy was able to swallow his whole length down her throat. Every time she retracted to the tip, she would take a deep inhale to smell his musk and aroma. He smelled manly, earthy and delicious! She couldn't get enough of this man! After overcoming her gag reflex and able to take his entire length in her, Daisy began to go slow then fast on his cock, this got Chris to piston his cock into her mouth along to rhythm she was doing.

Chris's groin boiled as he felt an incoming orgasm. His body shook, his thighs tensed, his grip on the handrail tightened as he shot a copious amount of his hot seed into her throat. Chris moaned in pleasure as the orgasm subsided, his cock was still being pumped by Daisy's tight, hot mouth. When she finally drained all she could off of the first orgasm, she pulled away, making a 'plop' sound. His cock glistened with her saliva, its head was red from the oral he had just received, it was sensitive and enticing. She smiled at him when their gazes met, he saw that his cock was still hard and his libido hasn't even drop, he was still horny and wanted to fuck. 

What the hypnotized husband didn't know was the succubus had already casted her spell on his cock. It would never go soft unless she wanted it to... and why would she do that? She pondered on it for a brief moment. She realized, as his cum trickled down her throat, that it would be a shame if she were to take him right away. She thought that it would be best to have him around to pleasure her, feed her when she needed it. And besides, it was the best way to keep herself fed and full while she looked for the woman's bloodline that had trapped her inside that book. He would be a constant source of food for her.

She smiled wickedly as he rose up. "Let's go to your bedroom" she huskily said to him, their eyes meeting. She tugged at his cock and he followed. Up the stairs and into the second floor of the house. Two doors down the hall from where they came from was Angela's room, warded with magic to keep her asleep, Chris, his cock in Daisy's hand, followed her into the master bedroom where a large queen size bed waited for them. She stopped just at the foot of the bed.

"We're going to have fun all night" she whispered to him as she faced him and pushed him down against the soft mattress. Her eyes glowed with hunger as she brought her mouth on his cock once more.

