 Sophie was asleep in her bed, when all of a sudden she was awake. Though the room was the same as it always is, with dark shadows cast by the glimmer of street light peeking through her translucent pink curtains. She felt uneasy, like there was a presence in the room with her. Probably just too much cheese before bed. She rolled over to go back to sleep and came face to face with her vibrator that she'd used before going to sleep. It was draped with her juices still, as she'd been too tired to bother getting up to clean it. She reached up for it to place it on her bedside table but as her arm stretched over to the side table something seemed to grab her wrist and stop her putting it down. "Helloo?" She cried out. "Who's there?" Fingers wrapped around her wrist and felt long and slim and cold beyond measure, non- human for sure. Then she heard the voice.

'Hello to you too Sophie" came the voice, cutting through the darkness in an ominous yet seductive tone. Sophie could feel the creatures breath on her cheek, the stench reminded her of the cheese she may have eaten too much of. Had the intruder been in her fridge? She couldn't think about that right now. As the words echoed in her ears and foul smelling breath curled around her face she froze. Her body felt numb and she found she was completely paralysed, still clutching her juice ridden vibrator.

Her arm was forced down her body by the creature; his grip was tight and harsh but somehow felt soft against her skin like a fresh block of Emmental as opposed to the crumbly Lancashire cheese she'd feasted on earlier. She had to get her mind off of her late night feast, she was in danger here. Though she didn't feel scared she knew that she should be. Someone or something was about to force her to masturbate. Suddenly, it was at that very moment that her visual senses adjusted themselves in the darkness, that exact moment as the silicone pressed against her moist pink lips that she could finally now clearly see the face of her intruder. And the gasp she attempted to release made no sound as her breath was taken. Giant apricots for eyes and Stilton skin, this attacker was made of a cheese only found on the dairy counter at Waitrose.

It was a thing of legend, as Sophie had grown up in a family far too working class to even dream of stepping foot into Waitrose. The cheese creature was bent over her, hunched, like an animal with a back problem. She gazed, wide eyed and open mouthed, when a piece of Stilton crumbled from its face and fell to the back of her throat. Immediately she started to choke. The cheese creature erupted into a frenzy of sordid laughter and thrust the vibrating device deep into Sophie's moist pussy. In and out. In and out. In and out and shake it all about.

Sophie's face turned a deep shade of purple. The cheese monster realised that he was enjoying the erratic thrusting less and less and Sophie lay un-responsive and soundless. The cheese monster is not into necrophilia like his brother. He jumped up and dragged Sophie out of the bed and onto the floor. He proceeded to perform the Heimlich manoeuvre on her weak, lifeless body which had become as limp as his cheesy dick and the stilton eventually shot from her mouth and her breathing resumed. The cheese monster pressed her up against the door as she regained her strength. "Thank you Mr... But who are you?" However, now that the danger had passed the cheese monster continued with his original sadistic intentions.

He pressed his cheesy bulge up against her pert bum, crushing her against the door and creating a greasy cheesy stain on her panties. As she moved her palms across the door she noticed several holes had been drilled in it with a radius of about 1.5 inches, though it was hard to make an accurate measurement without a ruler to hand.
As Sophie began to ask what they were for, she was swiftly interrupted with a penis to the mouth. It caught her by surprise but being the dirty little slut she is, she managed to take the whole shaft into her mouth in one fluid deep throat motion.
The dark laughter came from behind her ear again, and the cheese creature's ominous voice pierced through the darkness once more.
"Want to play a game?" He said, with a wicked grin and a twinkle in his apricot eyes.

As she choked on the surprise penis which was protruding through the door she felt the cheese monster slip her panties to one side. She heard sloppy noises as his long slender cheese fingers opened her up. How was she so goddamn aroused by this? He undid his own cranberry sauce red trousers and his cheese cock sprung from his breaches. He dropped his trousers to the floor and left his socks on as he pressed his giant Camembert dick into her homosapien vagina. "I've never had a 3sum before" Sophie thought to herself.

"Now!" The cheese creature said, "while you ride me like a cheese pony, why don't you play 'suck-a-cock'?!" At this point something in Sophie's mind clicked, "ohh! You mean like 'whack-a-mole', only with big hard cocks?"
"My my! Aren't you. A clever. Little minx!" Came the voice in short bursts between thrusts. "LET THE GAMES BEGIN!" He roared and a load of little cheese chunklets sprayed out of his mouth into her hair.
Dicks started poking through the holes in the door as Sophie tried desperately to catch them in her gaping mouth.

The cheese monster laughed heartily as he maintained rhythm thrusting in and out and in and out of Sophie. "Let's up this challenge" he said as he curled his cheesy hand into a fist. He rammed his fist up Sophie's bottom and she screamed, causing her to miss the first suck-a-cock. "Damn it cheese man! I was doing really well at that. You can't ruin it!" 

"I most certainly can" said the cheese monster. "I've been fisting my wife both vaginally and anally for years and we both love it, it's an incredible sexual thrill." Sophie turned back to the door, only to be poked in the eye by a door dick.

"Right!" she thought, "if he wants to play dirty, I'll give him dirty!" And with that she sharted all over his fist. Sophie had clearly had too many grapes with her cheese and her anal excretion ran down his forearm. This all became seemingly too much for the cheese man and he knew he was close to blowing his load.

Unbeknown to both of them, the natural acidity of Sophie's vagina had slowly been disintegrating the cheese creature's cock; soon it would be a mere cheese prick and before long, he'd lose it altogether. Thankfully Sophie noticed the thrusts becoming shallower and shallower and shouted "DEEPER CHEESY DEEPER!" This was when the realisation hit them both. The cheese creature had to think fast and pulled the ribbon out of Sophie's hair and the carton of milk she kept by her bed next to her vibrator. He knew this would be the last time he'd ever come and he was determined to make it a good one.

He tied the ribbon around his cock and his crouton balls before tying the 2 pint milk carton onto the ribbon. The restriction meant that when he came his balls wouldn't be able to retract back into his body easily and his ejaculation would last and last. "DEEPER! HARDER! FUCK ME YOU GIANT GREEDY CHEESE BASTARD!" Sophie screamed, waking the entire household but she didn't care. Her cunt was throbbing and she was on the brink of the most euphoric orgasm she had ever encountered. The cheese monster wrapped his arm around her head and covered her mouth muffling her screams. Sophie nibbled on his mozzarella fingers as he thrust into her as hard as he could, the milk carton swinging and knocking against the door like an impatient delivery man.

At that moment Sophie's dad burst into the room and turned the light on. "Sophie, are you ok?! I heard screaming!" As his eyes adjusted to the light, he was able to make out his daughter kneeling on the floor, facing the door of her wardrobe that seemed to have an array of dildo's poking through makeshift holes. He traced the line from the holes to his daughters face, contorted in euphoria and confusion. He continued to gaze over at the bizarre picture he was faced with and rubbed his eyes in an attempt to adjust to what he was seeing. He traced a line down the groove of her bare back and landed fixated and speechless upon a huge shit soaked cheese platter, and a slice of Stilton rammed up his daughters hoohar.

Sophie is completely oblivious to her father's intrusion. She can feel Mr. Cheese ready to erupt. "I WANT TO TASTE YOU MR CHEESE!" She shouts out. "Sophie, what's going on? Are you okay?" Her father is more concerned than he is shocked, what on Earth is happening to his daughter?! Her eyes are glazed over like cherries and she doesn't seem to know he's there. She turns around and opens her mouth wide, still on her knees. "Sophie?" Her father says softly, gently reaching out to touch her shoulder. She's gagging on something but there's nothing there. Her tongue is frantically attacking something. Her breathing is out of control and her heart rate has risen dramatically. 

And then it all stops. 

Sophie collapses onto the floor, making muffled sounds, her Dad leans closer to try and hear what she's saying. It sounds like "Mmm Philadelphia cream cheese. I'm a good little slut, I swallowed every drop for you Sir."

The next day Sophie was carted off to a mental institution. And rightfully so.