  PROLOGUE

In her dreams, the man has no face. CHAPTER 1 CHAPTER 2

"Shoes. Cute shoes. Ugly shoes. Comfortable shoes." She ticked each off with a finger.

"Bicycling." She said. "That'll never happen. Maybe a treadmill if it was big enough. And how retarded would that look?"

The van hit a sudden bump and caused her to shift around a little bit. The man driving the truck immediately called out to her, "I'm so sorry! I couldn't avoid it without hitting the car in the other lane and I would've done that but we wouldn't have been able to get awa..."

"It's fine!" She yelled back to him. "I'm fine. Jesus. I'm not made of porcelain. Just... just keep driving. And if you hit anyone just to keep me from getting knocked around I will come up there and break your teeth!"

The voice hesitated a moment before answering. "It would be only what I deserved if I did. You have every ri..."

Victoria gnashed her teeth, almost biting her tongue in the process. "Just. Shut. Up. And. Drive." She closed her eyes and breathed in. "Jesus fucking Christ." She said, under her breath. She lay in a makeshift bed of sorts in the back of the cargo van. She was fine when it was just an empty space but Rob, or whatever he is now, started crying when she told him she didn't need a bed or anything else. Eventually she agreed just to have him shut up. She had to admit it was a little more comfortable but she wasn't about to tell him that or he'd insist on a water bed or something worse. At least the portable heaters kept her warm. She couldn't seem to stay as warm after the transformation and the January weather was wearing her down.

She stared at the back of the van doors for a while. Two more days of driving before they reached Rob's home near Altadena. She thought she could handle two more days of this without going insane from boredom. Whether Rob survived or not was another matter.

She continued her little road trip game. "Driving a car or anything else. Couldn't even get in the front without dangling out of it." She closed her eyes and leaned back. "I suppose I could have Rob make me a huge hamster wheel."

The white snake next to her moved and then settled again, its tongue flicking slowly in and out. She watched it for a moment and then stared at the back of the van again. "Swimming. Wait, wait. Am I the swimming kind of snake?" She flicked the end of her tail slightly. "How the hell do I tell?"

The snakes on her head shifted around. One of them started to speak in its gravelly old woman voice, "Sssoo..."

"What did I fucking tell you? When I want to talk to you, I'll fucking tell you I want to talk to you. Don't think I've forgiven you for that man in the garage. Go back to sleep!" They all moved slightly as they settled down again.

Her hands were clenching and unclenching in anger, the claws scratching against the bottom of her hands. If she wanted to, she could easily draw blood on her palms. She was grinding her teeth and could feel the sharper incisors working against her other teeth. She felt like part of what happened should be her fault but she never asked for this, never knew what could happen. They did it, not her. She closed her eyes again and let out the breath she was holding, trying to relax her muscles as she did. She needed to watch her temper and language. Before this happened she was polite and considerate. She had no problems being blunt if she had to but now the cussing seemed to roll off of her tongue. She rolled her shoulders and felt the cool skin of her hair-snakes rub against her naked flesh. Who could blame her after this, really?

But she needed to talk to them, needed answers from them if they had some to give. She'd rather eat her arm if she had to talk to them with their odd broken way of talking. It was impossible to understand them for more than a word or two. Although... she remembered this one time during her dreams she felt a presence that was familiar. She had the same dream every night with the fire and the shapes but the presence - almost a figure she could make out - was new. She suspected it was them or their representation.

"Rob!" She yelled out. "I'm going to try and catch some sleep. Don't wake me up unless it's important!"

Rob called back to her. "Yes, mist..."

"What is that Rob? I don't think I heard you right because I sure as hell know you weren't about to call me 'mistress'."

"Yes, m... Vi... Victoria." He answered. "Shall I sing to you to help you fall asleep?"

Victoria blinked several times as she digested this. "Sing? Sing to me? Am I twelve? Are you my mother? Rob, can you even carry a tune?"

"No, m... Victoria. But if I put my heart int..."

"Stop. Rob, stop right there before I hurt you. I'm going to close my eyes and go to sleep and you're going to stay up there, driving!, with your eyes on the road and your mouth closed. Except for breathing or whatever else you need to use it for. Jesus. I don't really have to tell you what to do with your mouth, do I?" Part of her was still worried that he'd take her too literally and kill himself one day.

She settled her upper body against the pile of arranged piles and tried to relax. Her lower body felt a little awkward but it was nearly impossible to try and make it better. If she focused on moving her tail too much, it didn't work and the tail would flail around like it was having a seizure. The trick was to not think about it too much and imagine what she was trying to do rather than forcing the tail to do what she wanted. That was fine for larger movements but more fine movements were still hard for her - like coiling her tail properly.

Her snakes fanned out behind her on a pillow, rubbing against and over each other. She'd come to recognize that as their way of saying hello and comforting each other all rolled into one. She still couldn't understand how they worked. They talked the same and all of them knew exactly what they were all going to say but they were still individual... things. Creatures. Whatever.

Victoria slowed her breathing and closed her eyes. She let her arms rest to her sides and took slow, deliberate breaths. Eventually, the rocking of the van and sound of the tires on the road helped her to fall asleep.

As ever, she sat in front of a huge fire, surrounded by blackness. The fire was fueled by an immense amount of coals, still visible even through the flames. She never felt in danger of being burned by the fire, even if she was close to it.

Around her, vague shapes formed in the dark - what looked like indistinct tentacles or faces or claws. Primordial imagery. She shivered and focused on the fire. Here she was human and sat with her legs tucked under her. She was naked but not bothered by it. If there was one thing the transformation taught her is that nakedness is not something to cry over. Suddenly losing your legs to a freakish tail and snakes for hair? Yes, that was something to cry about.

"I know you're there." She called out. "I've felt you before. Come out and sit by the fire with me."

A figure stepped around the fire before Victoria and she felt her own surprise. It was a young woman not that much different looking from herself. Perhaps she was slightly older but not by much. She had an olive skin complexion and reddish-brown hair. Her breasts were smaller but her hips looked wider. She approached Victoria cautiously.

"Are you the snakes?" Victoria asked.

"We are." The woman answered.

 CHAPTER 3