 She went unnoticed. Even with her stunning good looks, most people didn't give her a second glance. She had long wavy jet black hair that glistened in the sun. Normally it was pinned up. Only when she let her hair down did it get noticed. She hid her sky blue eyes behind black rimmed reading glasses that sat low on her nose. Only when she wore her contacts did her eyes shine bright enough to be seen. She had flawless skin and a beautiful ivory complexion that rarely saw makeup. Without makeup her face blended into the crowd with everyone else. She was taller than average for a woman, almost 5'10. Her long legs and lithe frame was hidden underneath plain clothes that neither accented nor hid her figure.

She was quiet and said little. Even when she spoke most people didn't really pay attention. She could have been the girl next door, the woman in the cubicle next to you, or someone you brushed past on the commuter train. She went about her day the way she wanted to, going here and there quietly unnoticed. She worked downtown as a librarian in the reference and periodicals section. If you needed to find some information, she knew how to find it. The wealth of knowledge that she had at her fingertips was immense and went largely ignored. Only those people she worked directly with knew her name. When asked to describe her, they drew a blank or were wildly inconsistent. When questioned about her personal life, they knew even less, not knowing what part of town she lived in, or if she had any family or relationships. 

This is the woman everyone saw during the day. The woman she wanted to be. The woman she wanted everyone not to remember. But at night, when she went out, well, she was unforgettable. The difference was day and night. When she let her hair down her black mane flowed down her back almost to her waist. You could get lost in her sky blue eyes. If you caught them just right the silver flecks glinted in the light making her eyes light up. Her smile was alluring and seductive. Her lips full poutty and begging to be kissed. Her face was made up to perfection. Not too much, but enough to flatter. Her nails were long and sharp and tonight painted dark ruby red to match her lips. Her body was chiseled, lean and lithe. Not an ounce of fat could be found on her body. Still her curves were soft, feminine and perfectly proportioned. Full round, luscious breasts and an ass so tight you could bounce a quarter off it completed the package. (Mind you most people had other things they wanted to do with her ass when they watched it swing past.)

Recently, one man had caught her eye and was now the focus of her entire attention. She'd been watching him from afar for awhile. She had a single goal in mind and her patience was wearing thin. The right moment hadn't presented itself yet so tonight she was hoping to help fate along. She dressed with extra care and attention and made sure everything was perfect down to her makeup and accessories. 

Her hair was brushed until it was silky soft and shiny. It cascaded in soft waves down her back. Around her neck was a black velvet choker with a dark ruby red pendant that hung from it. It lay just above her cleavage that was bursting out of a white lace, off the shoulder poet shirt. The black leather corset she wore over top the shirt thrust her breasts together and out. The shirt and corset barely covered her dark nipples. A dark ruby red velvet belt wrapped around her just above her waist and accented the curve of her hips and her small waist. 

A short tight leather skirt just barely covered her tight round ass. When she sat down it barely covered her clean shaven pussy. She wore thigh high black leather stiletto boots that hugged her long lean legs. The tops of her back silk stockings and the attached black garter belt peaked out from under skirt when she walked. If she bent over just right you might catch a glimpse of her black thong. 

She had such a small window of opportunity her timing had to be exact. If the moment didn't present itself all of her preparation and planning would once again be in vain. Catching his eye with all of the various distractions for his attention would be difficult. Keeping it however would be much easier. Everyone has a weakness and she knew his, adjusting her tits last time. She dabbed some musky intoxicating perfume on her wrists, neck and cleavage, and set out for the night. 

As she pulled up to the club, she drove around the block, checking the rear entrance and alleyway. He wasn't here yet. Perfect. He wasn't one for pomp and circumstance. He preferred to slip in and out unnoticed, just like her. She parked in a space behind the club but away from where he normally parked and walked around front. She went directly to the front of the line and smiled at the doorman as he pulled aside the velvet rope and let her in. 

This was the hottest club in town and attendance was by invitation only. She'd been here many times before and had a standing invitation. The club was dimly lit and smoky. The music was loud and bass thumping. Multi colored lights pulsed in time with the music. People crowded the dance floor, bodies grinding and moving to the music. Scantly clad women and men danced in cages or on stages in various places through out the club. Small tables and chairs surrounded the stages and cages offering one front row seating for the entertainment. She blended into the crowd and moved about checking the place out. 

The evening's special entertainment hadn't started yet, so she slipped into the VIP room wanting to watch the shows in there. Plush carpeting covered the floor. Two private stages and cages reserved for only the best entertainers sat in various spots around the room. A private dance floor, separate DJ, as well as three private bars was part of the amenities in the VIP room. Private booths were scattered around the room so that people could watch the entertainment and not be seen by others if they chose. She walked up to a bar and with just a smile was handed her favorite drink made just the way she liked it. 

Moments later she spied her target slipping, surprisingly alone, into the VIP room unannounced through an unmarked door that blended into the wall around it. He was tall dark and handsome, with deadly good looks and killer charm. He stood about 6'5 had broad shoulders, was lean and well muscled. His hair was long dark and wavy and tonight pulled back at the base of his neck and braided. The first thing you noticed about him wasn't the angular lines of his face, but his deep dark eyes. They gave away nothing, but said everything when he wanted them too. He was a sharp dresser and tonight was no exception. He wore a black leather jacket and jeans just tight enough to show off his very nice ass. His black button up shirt hinted at his chiseled chest and rock hard abs. Italian leather boots and a matching belt completed his outfit. 

Before he even sat down the entire room jumped to attention catering to his every desire before he even spoke a word. The room buzzed with gossip. You could hear the whispers, "Who was he and why was such a gorgeous hunk of man here, especially alone?" Gradually the crowd around him cleared. Her pulse quickened when she realized he sat alone. There was no female at his side tonight to distract him. She stayed in her seat watching him from across the room heart racing in her chest. She was a heartbeat away from grabbing her opportunity when the lights and music changed signaling that the true entertainment for the evening was about to start. She maintained her control and composure knowing that it was still early. She could still get her chance.

The crowd in the VIP room fell silent. The only sound to be heard was the steady beat of the music. The dancers quickly left the stages and cages. New people came up bringing with them their tools for the evening. Each person started to lay out their equipment differently but did so in such a way that each simple act became a titillating and tantalizing advertisement of what was to come. People moved and shuffled around, surrounding the stage or cage that interested them the most. Some people chose to stay and dance, the entertainment not the focal point of their attention but fed on the atmosphere around them. 

She didn't move. Her gaze moved slowly from station to station watching with detached interest what each person was laying out tempting the audience with. What she watched even closer was his reactions to what was transpiring. He had the best seat in the house and could watch any station that he wanted. She knew he was no newcomer to this scene and his attention drifted lazily around the room before settling on his choice for the evening. She wasn't surprised by his choice. 

Bondage was the main theme for one of the two cages and one of the two stages. In that cage different lengths of hemp rope were being laid out some being quite long. Lengths of chain, metal shackles, bracer bars and various "toys" including clips, nipple clamps, and small weights on chains where laid out on a table in the corner of the cage close enough for the audience to see. Other metal contraptions where locked in various places around the cage making the best use of the space available while offering many different options for positions.

On the stage where bondage was the theme leather cuffs and collars along with blindfolds and full face masks started to fill the table. Suspension bars as well as pulleys were lowered from the ceiling above the stage. Large rolls of plastic and what appeared to be liquid latex were set up as well.

Pain was the main theme for the remaining cage and stage. In that cage, there was a table that would tilt to various positions with straps in multiple places allowing a large range of flexibility. Floggers of every size and weight, a nice variety of paddles and a cane were being laid out for all to see. 

On the final stage an Andrews cross was set up. That table held a small bull whip and a cat of nine tails with weights not hooks on the ends, cloths pins, knives, and more nipple clamps and weights. 

Each set up was artful and unique. They were all movement and music in motion. One did not overpower the other, but instead they worked together, well choreographed and planned. As the set ups progressed whips cracked, floggers spun, chains rattled and everything was tested. 

Each test of the equipment was done to tease and tantalize the audience hinting at what was to come. Moan of appreciation could be heard throughout the room. Everyone who was gathered around was jockeying for position not only to see, but also to be seen. 

You could smell the scent of sex starting to permeate the room. Even those people who were dancing and not watching directly were aroused. They danced closer, grinding and groping. Elsewhere around the room bodies pressed against each other hands starting to roam and explore others and themselves. 

She never left her seat. She didn't care about being the center of attention. They both gained much more pleasure and arousal from watching others. He would scan the room briefly and then settle back on the cage he preferred tonight. Each time a length of rope was pulled, measured or tested, he would have to adjust himself. His calm detached demeanor was starting to crack. A set of cuffs were laid out and tested, and again he adjusted himself. A slight smile crossed her face. As he finished adjusting himself he looked up scanning the room to see if anyone else had noticed. 

That's when their eyes locked. Her smile broadened slightly, wondering if this was her moment. But heart fell when he looked away quickly. A slight blush crossed his cheeks in the dim light as he realized she saw him in his moment of weakness. She now knew how easily aroused he was by the simplest of things. 

She adjusted herself ever so slightly regaining her composure, when she felt his gaze burning against her full round tits. The lust and desire in his eyes hardened her nipples. They popped out above her corset and pushed against the lace of her shirt. Her skin tingled while he undressed her with his eyes. Her pussy twinged with excitement and throbbed with anticipation when she realized tonight she might achieve her goal. Their eyes met again and she smiled nodding slightly letting him know that his secret is safe with her.

The music died down and a hushed silence filled the room again. The set ups were complete and it was time for the evening's entertainment to begin. The Doms on stage started to scan the crowd for people who wanted to be the center of attention and could withstand a session. 

Everyone was trying to get noticed and look like they didn't want it all at the same time. People stood taller. Women adjusted their skirts so they were just a bit shorter, showing more leg. Tops were pulled down flashing more cleavage. Men stood in postures that made them look just a bit stronger, more muscled. Silently everyone was screaming at the top of their lungs pick me, pick me. Slowly one by one each Dom stepped into the crowd their choices made.

She wasn't surprised when a Mistress walked up to her. Mistress was a bit shorter than she expected, but was very good looking. Her shoulder length brunette hair was pulled back showing off the angular features of her face. Her body was all business. She was in great shape. Muscular yet lean legs and a well defined ass complimented her small pert breasts. 

Mistress walked up and looked at her with the unspoken question in her eyes. "Would you care to join me onstage?" The Mistress's smile was commanding letting her know that it would be a demanding session, but well worth the time. She replied with a challenging and defiant look, daring Mistress to take her best shot. She didn't look back but could feel his eyes watching her as they approached the cage he'd been watching set up. 

She took a deep breath and stepped up on stage. There was no turning back now. Mistress stood in front of her. Her presence alone forced you to look down and meet her gaze. Their eyes met again. This was going to be very good, or very bad, or both if there was even a difference. Mistress explained the guidelines, rules and limits. Being a Mistress herself outside of the club this was all stuff she had said before, but never really heard. She nodded in agreement and the required safe word was given knowing that it would never be needed. And so the session began. 

The rest of the room faded away. Her only focus was on Mistress and "him". She smiled knowing that she had his undivided attention. The first thing that Mistress did was to demand she remove her clothes. The only thing she could leave on was her undergarments, if she had any on. 

Without any protest she did as she was told and stripped, seductively, almost playfully, down to her stockings, garter and thong. She got a sharp slap on the ass from Mistress for being bold, playful, forgetting her place, and who was in control. Her ass was still stinging as she dropped her head submissively and apologized to Mistress. Mistress demanded that she take off the garter belt and stockings which left her crotch less black lace thong. Normally the voyeur on nights like this, she was surprised at the excitement that started to build in her body. It was an unexpected reaction to being so exposed and at the center of attention for all to see.

She took a closer look at the cage. It was larger than she thought. It was roughly a ten by ten foot iron cage. It was large enough for both of them to be in and still have plenty of room for Mistress to move around her. Her gaze shifted from the clips, rings and hooks in the cage, mind running wild with all the possibilities. She looked up searching for "him". She found him and that last thing she saw before Mistress put on the blindfold, was him adjusting himself, and a look of desire she'd not seen on his face before.

As Mistress placed a mask over her eyes her world went dark. The rest of her senses heightened almost immediately. She felt cool air from the air conditioning vents blow across her nearly naked body. Goose bumps covered her flesh and her nipples hardened. She heard Mistress's boots as she walked around her and the sharp jangling sound of metal against metal. The scent of sex filled the air and permeated her nostrils. Unexpectedly her already throbbing pussy got increasingly wet. Her thin panties were quickly getting soaked. 

She felt Mistress's firm grip on her wrists leading her forward. She felt cold metal under her feet and knew she was in the cage. She didn't stiffen when she felt the cold metal iron shackles clamp shut around her ankles and locked into place. They fit perfectly, not so tight that they were pinching and cutting off circulation, but not loose enough that her feet would rub and chafe. Shackles were put on each of her wrists and locked into place. A metal collar was put around her neck and locked. With each click her heart skipped a beat. Just a few moments ago she was cold, now she was hot, her body burning with anticipation.

Then she heard it, the telltale sound of heavy duty chains. Not the tinkling of the lighter aluminum chains, but more solid rattling of iron chains. Mistress meant business tonight. She felt the weight of the chains as they were being attached to her shackles. Mistress didn't put a chain on her collar...for now. She heard the repetitive jostling of the chains as they were pulled across more metal and quickly her left arm was raised above her head. Her right arm quickly followed suit. Both arms were now above her head high, wide, and slightly back, stretched to their limits of comfort. 

With her arms in that position her beautiful tits were accentuated as they were lifted and thrust out just a bit. Warm hands caressed her full breasts, cupped them, and lifted them, as if to show them off. She knew "he" was watching and wondered how much he was enjoying the show. A sharp slap across each nipple brought her back to reality focusing her mind. She knew that feeling anywhere, as a leather ridding crop landed sharply on her hardened nipples again. Her breath caught in her throat and she felt the heat from her nipples as they stung ever so slightly from the attention Mistress was giving them. 

As suddenly as it started it ended. Mistress's warm hands were again on her breasts, this time pinching and rolling her nipples between her fingers. Her nails drug ever so lightly across the very tip of her nipples. Before she could catch herself a low moan of pleasure escaped her throat. She couldn't help it. It felt too good. It had been too long since she'd had a session with anyone. She'd forgotten just how erotic and exciting they were. Being on the receiving end of a session helped her understand what her subs meant when they told her the pleasure far out weighed any pain. 

Mistress heard her moan and snapped at her saying, "Did I give you permission to make any noise?" Her voice was deep and commanding. 

"No Mistress" she replied trying to keep her voice steady and even. Mistress was pinching both nipples painfully and she took slow deep breaths to keep from crying out. 

Mistress replied saying, "For your disobedience you shall be punished." She heard a brief rustling and then winched as a nipple clamp was placed on each nipple and slowly tightened. It took her a minute to refocus and gain control of her breathing but when she did all she could do was smile.

The sound of chains moving again, and suddenly both of her feet were being pulled out from under her. Putting more strain on her outstretched arms. Her entire weight was supported by her arms since her feet no longer touched the floor. She did her best to shift her weight so that the intense stretch her body was being put through wouldn't put any undue strain on her muscles. Her legs were spread apart exposing her sopping wet pussy to the entire room. Could he smell the scent of her sex? Was he turned on yet? Oh how she wished she could see his reactions right now. The sound of metal releasing and the slow grind of metal on metal caught her attention as she was spun around, still shackled spread eagle so her backside faced the room. 
