 I know well nobody will believe this story to be true, and I write it only in hopes that by telling it, it may cease to haunt me...

It was the last weekend in October, hurricane Joaquin was tearing up the Bahamas and working its way towards the east cost of America, a massive nor'easter was also building off the cost of the Carolina's —the tides and surges of the two storms were being compounded by the rare occurrence of a super blood moon, forecasters were predicting historic flooding and damage and I was directly in the path of it.

My elderly parents had a beach home in the small quiet resort town of Ocean View and I had been living there temporarily. My wife had moved to California for work and I was set to join her in the following weeks, as soon as we sold our house. Ocean View was a lovely and bustling little beach town in the summer months but became more or less deserted after Labor Day, the summer rental homes all were boarded up for the winter months and all but a few essential shops were open. But, to be honest, I liked the solitude the fall and winter months provided, it gave me a lot of peace and quiet and hopefully time to work on my writing.

As the storms drew closer to shore I set to work boarding up the windows and doors of the first level of the house. The sky was darkening fast and the wind was whipping of the ocean already at a fierce rate. the weather reports were calling for the storm to hit land around 4am the next day, I doubted I'd be able to see the blood moon that night through the gathering storm clouds, too bad I thought, the next one wasn't for another 50 years. 

I finished securing the house the best I could and went inside to wait the storm out. I light a fire and a bunch of candles in case of power loss and poured myself a whiskey and soda and watched the gathering storm build out over the ocean. The sea was now white with froth from the thrashing storm waves, and the tides rolled closer and closer to the house. The light of the full moon back-lite the clouds with an eerie red glow which danced upon the angry ocean. I watched in awe of mother natures show of power and force, the wind howled through the house and a feeling of dread fell over me, maybe riding this storm out wasn't such a good idea. 

For a split moment the moon revealed itself through the clouds, it seemed impossibly large and and frighteningly red, and that's the moment it happened! The moon light made something catch my eye, something out of place, something moving, something out on my deck. The wind howled its animal like cry and a knock came at my door. I nearly jumped out of my skin. I stared out through the window, at the shadowy figure knocking at my door. I shook myself out of shock, shit, probably a neighbor I thought, as I rushed to let them in. I threw open the door to the wind and rain and a beautiful red headed stranger. 

My eyes fell upon the most statuesque women I had ever seen, standing in the wind and lashing rain. "I saw your lights on." she yelled over the howl of the wind, "yes, of course, come in." I said without hesitation. She smiled the slightest smile as she brushed past me into the warmth and safety of my house. I pushed the door closed against the force of the wind and bolted the door closed behind her. "Hell of a night" I said, breaking the awkwardness of the situation. A strange beautiful women was standing in my living room in a soaking wet robe, the thin wet silk clung to her, revealing a very curvaceous form. Her arms where wrapped tightly around her chest as she tried to fight off the violent shivers that were making her entire body heave. "The storm, it locked me out of 

my home" she managed through chattering teeth. I nodded as if that made perfect sense, and I handed her a throw blanket from my couch. She wrapped it gratefully around her, exposing a brief glimpse of her full shift. In a flash, I caught sight of the tight flesh of her muscular legs wet from the rain, I could make out the flatness of her stomach, the curve of her hips, the ample mounds of her breasts and her chilled hard nipples through the thin clinging material. I felt my face go flush and my cock twitch involuntarily. "Please, make yourself comfortable" I said motioning towards the couch. "I'll do whatever I can to help you get back into your house. I'd call the police if I thought that would help, but with this storm..." "Your sweet." she said cutting me off. "If I could just dry off for a bit?" she offered through a warm smile. "Certainly, of course." "Can I get you a drink or something?" I stammered. "What's that?" she asked pointing to the drink in my hand that I had forgotten about. "Um, Scotch, soda" I said just before swallowing down the last of the drink. "I was just about to make another, want one?" I asked reaching for the bottle of Glenlivet. "mmmmmmm" she hummed with a nod of approval. 

"Morrison, my friends call me Mo." I said over my shoulder as I poured the drinks. "Hello and thank you." she said from the next room, standing in front of the fire. "Mo, are you here all alone?" she inquired. "Yes, I live here alone." I said, handing her the cocktail. "Hmmmmmmm" she purred as she took a long drink. "Who's the women I smell?" she asked, stirring the drink with a long elegant finger. "What?" I responded nervously. "The women, there's a women's touch to this place." She said, licking the scotch and soda from her finger tip. "Oh, yeah, my wife." I said sheepishly, "She lives in California." I offered. "Oh, sooooo far away you poor thing." she said, lightly placing her hand on my chest. The wind howled and the rain pounded the roof above, and I saw the fear in her eyes. She turned away from me to face the fire, the glow from it shimmered off the soft curls of her long thick auburn hair. "Mmmmm this feels so good." she softly whispered, reaching out to warm her hands, the blanket falling a bit off her shoulders, I studied the gentile curve of her neck, her skin the color of fresh churned cream was smooth and flawless. 

"Tell me Mo, do you mind if I dry my robe?" she said taking my drink from my hand. "No, I don't mind." I replied almost eagerly. She placed the two glasses on the mantel and offered me the blanket. "Do you mind?" she said coyly, I held the blanket out and up between us to offer her privacy. I saw the shrug of her shoulders and the wet silky robe fall around her lovely ankles. She gathered the robe and hung it from the fireplace screen, taking the blanket from me once more and wrapping her naked self deep in its warm folds. She slowly lowered her self down onto the rug in front of the fire. I grabbed the drinks and nervously sat down next to her. "Did you see the blood moon tonight?" she asked. "No, the storm clouds have been covering it." I replied. "That's too bad, it's really a sight to see over the ocean." "Did you know ancient mariners thought it was a harbinger of doom." she said staring into the fire. "So, like, red skies at night sailors delight?" I said with a chuckle. "Aye, something like that." she said, with a slight hint of an ancient I had not noticed before, Scottish, English, Welsh perhaps? An awkward silence fell over us, I sat and wondered deeply just how the fuck this night had taken such and odd turn, who was this half naked women sitting on my living room floor? After a long moment she turned and stared into my eyes, it was a deep longing look, as if she was reading my very soul, I was slightly uncomfortable. "Did you not pledge to me your help tonight?" she said breaking the silence. "Of course, I'll help how ever I can." I said a bit confused by her questioning. "Say you pledge me your help." She demanded, leaning in closer to me. "Yeah, OK, I pledge to help you." I replied shifting nervously. The wind bellowed an evil howl and the walls shook under the strain of the gale, the lights flickered and the power went out. "Shit, I knew that would happen." I said, "Thank god we have the candles and fire." "She has nothing to do with this." She said with a light stroke of my leg. "I have to admit Mo, you have me feeling a bit awkward." she said with a lick of her lips and fire light glowing in her eyes.

"Here I am, a stranger in your home, in the dark, with nothing but a blanket between you and me." "Oh, I'm sorry, of course, errrrrr I think I may have a sweater and some sweatpants that you could fit into." I said blushing noticeably. "No, that won't do, not if you're going to help me as promised." "Stand up." She demanded, her eyes were now alight with fire, her demeanor suddenly switching from shyness to aggression, almost anger. I looked deep into her eyes studying her face, searching for a sign that might clue me into what caused this change of spirit. And then, that's when it happened, I saw in their depths a scene of horror play out, like an old time silent movie across the light blue of her eyes. There was an awful storm pitched sea, and a ship doomed for the bottom of the ocean, men screamed and gasped for air as they were pulled down into the icy black waters. And in the water, these lost souls were not alone, there were shadowy human-like figures swimming about, dragging them down into the depths, sealing their doom. 

The wind outside screamed and the waves in the dark of the night crashed closer and closer to the house. "Stand up, she said." she flicked drops of her cold drink from her blood red nails into my face, I snapped out of the transfixed state. I no longer labored under the illusion that this night was some stroke of luck for me, or that this was going to end in some harmless fun, no, I now knew I was not in control of the situation. 

"Stand up." She demanded again, I slowly stood up as I was told, fearing what she might do next. "Good, little listener you are." she snapped. "Take off your clothes." She ordered. And for reasons I can not explain, I felt compelled to follow her orders. I pulled my sweater and under shirt off and tossed it onto the floor, my fingers pausing at the fly of my pants, I looked down at this women who once seemed so helpless, waiting for her to call off this crazy game she seemed to be playing at, she licked her full lips and simply nodded in approval. Still I do not understand why, but I felt pushed to do her bidding. 

I forced the button through its eye and slowly drew the zipper down, waiting for her to call this off—she did not. I tugged my jeans down and let them fall around my ankles. There I stood, bare chested, pants down to my feet with only my tight cotton briefs between me and this beautiful aggressor. I held my breath, hoping my now obvious embarrassment would be satisfiable to her and we could both laugh at the situation that almost got out of control. "Do it!" She hissed through her pearl white teeth, and the last bit of control left me. I took a deep breath in and slid the boxer-briefs down past the tan line of my thighs, then let them fall to the floor. The heat from the fire seemed to almost scorch the bare exposed flesh of my ass, my skin ran blush, not from the heat of the fire, but from the burn of my embarrassment. 

There I stood naked and vulnerable in my own living room, in front of the most beautiful women I'd ever been in the presence of, a total stranger to me. My cock forsaked me, it was hard as iron, and throbbing with anticipation without even the slightest sexual touch. My temptress cooed with delight, as she slowly rose up to meet me. She stared through me as she leaned in only inches from my face, "Are you scared my darling?" "Your shaking." she said with pity in her voice. Her tongue darted from her pursed red lips and softly fluttered across mine. "I see I have your full attention" she whispered as she softly raked her perfect nails ever so lightly across the length of my pleading cock. I shivered and jumped from the electricity of her touch. She laughed an evil laugh and said "Oh my dear, don't be so anxious." She withdrew herself a step backward and cast off the blanket to the floor, presenting her perfect nakedness. I gasped audibly, pure fantasy and sin stood before me, the perfect female form, it was as if she was created from my deepest darkest desires. Never before had I ached for something so bad, I wanted to consume her, I wanted her to possess me. 

She saw the look of longing in my eyes and laughed at my pain, "Oh, my sweet, you like what you see I know, it hurts doesn't it?" she sighed as she caressed her perfectly full breasts, the pink bud of her firm nipples pinched between her fingers. I drank her image in, her taught skin glistened, her hips were firm and perfectly curved, her stomach was soft and inviting, finely toned muscle lines drew my eyes down to the subtle inward curve of her inner thigh, her pelvic mound formed a splendid trim love triangle of auburn tufts, which gave way to expose her visibly swollen lips. The soft folds of her labia were glistening with want, her scent filled the room, it called me and I thirst to drink it in. As if reading my very thoughts, my tormentor ran two elegant fingers down her mid-drift, tracing the line of her stomach muscles down to the turn of her pubis, through her furrow of her scarlet nest and into the crease of her womanhood, she purred as she worked her two fingers into her depths, I could hear her wetness get thick as her fingers teased and worked her throbbing gash. She extracted her slick covered fingers from her depths and approached me once more, "Sample the pleasures to come" she whispered, slowly running her fingers under my nose and across my lips, I licked her juices from her fingers, her essence was wonderfully sweet and salty, like the champagne of a fresh shucked oyster. 

She allowed me only a quick taste of her passion nectar before withdrawing her fingers from my hungry mouth. She maneuvered behind me, ever so slightly pressing against me, her cool smooth skin and the ruff of her pubic hair tickled the crack of my ass, sending goose bumps down my legs. She hummed into my ear as she softly scratched my upper thighs, my back arched from her touch. She wrapped her warm hand firmly around the base of my shaft, slowly and knowingly stroking it, I was harder then I'd ever been, the head of my member turned purple with the force of pumping desire. Her light loving strokes made my hips buck to her rhythm, I was her puppet and she the master. She increased the rhythm of her strokes, alternating from long to short pumps, She took me to my peak, a powerful orgasm reached it's boiling point deep in my aching balls. My head spun out of control, I reached back and grabbed the firm sides of her tight ass. "You will not spill your seed!" She hissed as she bit the lobe of my ear. The sharp pain caused my eruption to withdraw, though my raging hard-on would not subside in the least. I dared to turn and face the evil coercer, to beg for release. I watched as she slowly sank to her knees before me, her eyes fixed on my swollen ecstasy. She sank her claws into the straining muscles of my ass and pulled me to her like an animal devouring its pray. She brushed her warm flushed cheek against my pulsing hard-on, then set her skilled passion to work on my wanting member. Her fiery tongue feverishly flickered across the sensitive underside of my cock-head, a hum grew in my ears and my head swam in a cloud of delirium, I twisted my fingers deep into the curls of hear thick full head of hair and drew her wet hot mouth down the full length of my shaft. I knew not what I was doing, I was lost in a deep spell of lust, throat fucking this goddess. sweat poured from my back and yet my skin was covered in goose bumps, my heart pounded out of control and my breathing turned to demonic grunts and groans, it was as if I was no longer human. 

"The blood moon I call your name, and steal the life that runs these veins." I heard her whisper to my manhood which she gripped tight as she controlled me by it. She sprawled herself across the rug below me running her delicate hands up the length of her firm inner thighs. She thrust her gyrating hips up towards me and spread her legs wide. The bloom of her womanhood was slick with yearning, her fingers worked opened her folds, offering the me the depths of her velvet love hole. Her magnificent tits heaved up and down, "Do what you will." She wailed into night. 

I collapsed to my knees landing before her seething loins. I inhaled the perfume of her musk deep, the scent of her desire and want imprisoned me as I buried my face into the wet heat of her pulsing womanhood. I couldn't get close enough, I bathed my face in the silky drippings of her cunt, lapping my tongue from the crack of her sweet ass and up through her deep gash—the wails of her pleasure sending me into a rage of delirium, my mortal soul could take no more. I drew myself up to the cushion of her supple breasts and collapsed into her warm embrace, her arms entwined around me, her claws drawing across the flesh of my back. "Do it now!" she begged, the throbbing tip of my cock paused at the velveteen entrance to her depths. The heat of her eagerness lapped at my tip, drawing me in, she bucked her hips to meet my advance. There was just the slightest pressure at her entrance to overcome, she groaned and thrust her loins, impaling herself on my hot cock. My heart stopped and my soul exploded with shear bliss as I slipped deep inside my amber enchantress. Her hot sweet cream tickled my balls as it gushed from the depths of her cunt.

I withdrew myself from the loving home of her depths, then slammed myself deep home again, thrust after wild thrust, our pelvic bones grinned into each other, her ginger nest of pubes soaking up the sweat of my groin, she wrapped her long muscular legs around me, digging her heels into the low of my back, forcing me deeper inside her until my straining cock pushed against the very depths of her loins, at the zenith of my ecstasy she buried a long wet hot finger into my tight asshole, pulling me closer still, as she stroked a sweat spot I never knew, a fierce vibration buzzed deep in my loins, my balls tightened and filled, my eyes swelled with tears, my ears fixed on the lust panting of the women I was so deep inside, my nose filled with the sweet heavy smell of her orgasm, I sunk my teeth into the pulp of her blushing neck as I erupted deep inside her, "Lord God help me!" I cried into her ear. "She can't help you now...nobody can." she softly whispered back as my sight grew dark and consciousness faded.

The wind howled, and the rush of it's cold grip across my bare ass woke me with a shock. I was naked on the floor soaked by a pool of my own sweat. The porch door was wide open and a haunting red glow spilled into the darkness of my living room. "Hello!?" I called out into the dark of my empty house. What happened? Where did... I realized then that I did not even know the name of the vamp that had set herself upon me. I ran out on to my deck, into the night and storm. A full blood moon cast a scarlet hue on the storm frenzied waves, and there, in the waters shore break I watched as a beautiful naked siren swam into the dark fathoms of the sea.