 The movies are never right, she thought to herself as she watched the corpses run through the town below. "Aren't they supposed to be slow?"

Her partner chuckled and gave her a sideways glance. "Aren't they supposed to be dead?" he answered sarcastically as he closed one dark blue eye to look through the scope of his sniper rifle.

From the 5th-floor window of the abandoned hotel she admired the speed with which the zombies took down a few unfortunate souls who were unable to escape. A man clad in a business suit went down screaming as they tore their way through his torso. Fifty yards down the street, the upper half of a woman twitched as three of the living dead fed hungrily.

She looked across the room at Sean. "And why do they always have to be so messy? They just bring a whole new meaning to the phrase 'painting the town red.'" The comment elicited another laugh from her partner. She glanced back down to the occurring carnage as she ran her fingers wearily through her short dark hair. "Shouldn't these people know by now to stay off the fucking streets?"

He shrugged his well-muscled shoulders. "When have people ever learned anything quickly?"

After considering his response for a minute, she answered with a simple, "Never."

Three hours later, they made their way up the seven flights of stairs to the level they had fortified into a somewhat secure holdfast. Putting the crossbar in place over the fire escape and only entrance besides the now-stationary elevator, Jade watched Sean cross the hallway to light one of their lanterns. She took a seat on the faded floral-patterned couch by the wall and stretched her slender arms above her head, yawning. Sean sighed and seated himself beside her. She glanced up to see him staring at her with those crazy blue eyes of his. "What?" she asked teasingly, casually reaching over to curl a slender finger around one of his dark locks.

"Oh, nothing. You know how these boring nights get to me."

"You mean, I know how these boring nights make you horny as fuck," she said with a coy grin. He laughed. "Why is it that you guys always have to either be killing something or fucking something?"

He exhaled deeply. "It's just in our nature." He slid his hand up her shoulder and behind her head, taking a firm grip on her hair and pulling playfully. She gasped blissfully. Her lips parted as his tongue found hers. His other arm found its way around her waist, pulling her closer. He broke away just long enough to say "God, I was so lucky to get you as a partner," before smothering her with kisses once again. His mouth moved across her jaw line to her pale neck, caressing her skin with his hungry kisses.

"Couch," she mumbled breathily, "We're still on the couch. Let's go in another room." She cried out happily as he picked her up to carry her into one of the floors many empty bedrooms. Since the power had gone out, none of the electric locks were working so they had the choice of any of the twenty-four rooms on the story.

She noticed that he picked the room that they usually used, 1219, one that was starting to become somewhat of a tradition of theirs. The bed was already unmade and the pillows had been thrown off into corners in one of their many previous romps, leaving the bed ready and waiting for what was to come.

He dropped her onto the mattress and she bounced with delight as he reached down and began removing her boots. She unbuttoned her camouflage-colored vest and tossed it aside as he moved up to begin to get rid of her pants. His hands slid down her slim legs as her pants fell away easily. He kissed his way back up to her hips as she threw her shirt across the room, revealing her small but shapely chest. His hands teased her panty line as she eagerly writhed against his touch, moaning in anticipation. Her panties joined the rest of her clothing on the floor and she stretched out her impressive and now nude form on the bed. After staring at her hungrily for several long moments, Sean proceeded to throw off all his clothes and climb on top of her slender figure.

His member was erect and ready as it nudged against her impatiently. Her fingers guided him to her soaked entrance as his hands roamed her body. He penetrated her in a single fervent thrust and she gasped with the sensation. She moaned against his neck as he panted against hers. His teeth raked her skin as her nails grazed the clenching muscles of his shoulders and arms. She arched her back against him and curled her legs around his undulating body. Her breathing increased as she neared her climax. His skilled fingers descended to stroke her, driving her over the edge. She came violently, clinging to him in desperation. He felt her reaching orgasm and came immediately. As the tingling subsided and numbness washed over her trembling body, she heard him whisper, "I love you." Their breathing slowed as they drifted off to sleep in each other's arms. 

She woke with a start, as had become her norm since the dead had stopped dying. Light from the window flooded the room, giving her some kind of an idea what time it was. She cast a glance to her side, mildly hurt to see that he wasn't there. Sighing, she sat up and stretched, then proceeded to gather the wrinkled sheet around her nakedness and make her way to the room that the pair had set up for communications.

"Morning," Sean said as he heard her push the door open, his eyes fixed on the computer screen in front of him.

"You know, you could have woken me up," she said with a slight frown.

"Yeah, but you just looked so peace-," he started as he spin his chair around to face her. His eyes made their journey down her sheet-clad figure then back up to her questioning expression. A lusty grin crossed his face, bringing out the dimples that she liked so much. "Why don't you wear that more often?"

She laughed and crossed the small room to give him a quick kiss and then leaned over to check the monitors. Changing views of the dead and dying in a wash of digital-style green sprawled across the five surveillance screens they had arranged. A sixth computer display showed one of the bi-monthly damage and inventory reports that Sean was currently working on. "Anything happening today?"

"Eh," he shrugged. "Just the usual zombies running around making more zombies. We haven't gotten any word from HQ yet; they must be running a little late or something. No big deal."

She checked the clock in the corner of the screen. "Really? No word? It's almost two, they should've contacted us hours ago." She raised an eyebrow and gave him a puzzled look.

"Nothing to worry about. One of those that days you were out scouting the week before last I didn't hear anything from them until after three."

"Weird." She took a seat in his lap and turned to face him with a smile. "What's on the agenda for today?"

"There are more stiffs than usual over on University and it might be fun to go thin them out a little. What do you think?"

She looked back to the green screens, searching unsuccessfully for a shot of University Boulevard. "How many?"

"Enough."

She sighed. "Lock and load."

"Well, you may want to put some clothes on first, but if you really want to go out wearing that I'm not going to stop you." She laughed and punched his shoulder. "Hey, hey! Save your aggression for the dead people, okay? I, for one, still have feeling in my arms. See?" he said as his hand slid up around her side to her neck, tilting her head. She closed her eyes as she felt his lips on her skin. The sheet fell to the floor as she moved to straddle him in the chair. His hands moved to her breasts, caressing her nipples to attention as she exhaled sharply. Her fingers went deftly to his camouflage trousers, freeing his hardening erection.

She situated herself above him and slid down onto his length as they both gasped. "Oh, God," he panted between moans as she bounced in his lap, "You, oh, never let me get any, yeah, work done!" 

"Oh, yeah. That's the, ah, idea! Oh!" She rocked harder as her speed increased. The tension built and she pulled his head to her breasts as she neared her climax. Her eyes closed again as she felt his tongue teasing her sensitive flesh. She arched her back and cried out as she came. She felt his spasms and knew that he had climaxed as well. She relaxed on top of him, her heart still racing, as her breathing gradually slowed.

His hands brought her face down to his and their lips met passionately. His arms slid around her waist and he held her close. She realized that he was still inside her and savored the sensation of bring filled so completely. After a few minutes she turned to glance at the clock. "When do we need to-," she started.

"Not yet." His embrace tightened and he sighed against her serenely.

Later on, when they were both fully clothed and fed, they grabbed their weapons and communicators to set out onto the streets. Heading towards University Boulevard, they scouted out possible locations for future bases or storage, making note of several prime sites with sufficient height and strength. She realized that they hadn't encountered any stiffs on their way downtown, a curious thing for such an infested area of town. "Where'd they all go?" she asked suspiciously. "They should be all over us by now."

"Maybe they finally learned not to mess with the people with guns," he answered with an incredulous smile. He patted the rifle at his hip and glanced behind them apprehensively. 

She shrugged and cocked the pistol in her hand. "It's still weird."

When they arrived at their destination they paused behind the corner of an old bank to plan the details of their attack. The moans of the undead drifted around the walls to invade their ears. Sean glanced around at the street to see exactly what they were going to be dealing with as Jade loaded the grenade launcher. "How many?" she asked quietly.

"This must be where they all are. I'm counting thirty-four, no, scratch that, thirty-six. This is going to be one hell of a fight. You take eighteen, I take eighteen?" he asked as he looked back at her with a grin.

"You wish. I call thirty of the motherfuckers. I'll leave the weaker ones for you to clean up."

"Hah! Yeah, right." He rolled his eyes and looked back around the corner one more time. "Most of them are scattered around over by that Applebee's but there's another big group outside the bar on the right." He leaned back and sat against the wall with a sigh.

She looked up with a quick nod. "You ready?"

"I'll take the left. You send the explosive over to the group on the right and then follow up with your Deagle, okay?"

"Sounds like a plan." She smiled and leaned in to kiss him one more time.

"Hey, now. Don't you start that up again."

"Oh, jeez, let's just go." She bit her lip and lunged out from behind the wall. 

A zombie looked up at her and groaned as she released the grenade. Two seconds of silence were followed by an explosion that sent her reeling. She switched weapons quickly and started gunning down those left untouched by the blast, taking her time to aim for headshots. She glanced back over her left shoulder to see Sean sniping them down as they charged him, his carefully timed shots ringing in her ears. She smiled and then gritted her teeth to get back to her gristly work.

She heard breaking glass to her right as a zombie crashed through a window and onto her, knocking her to the ground. She grunted as the sidewalk rose to meet her then immediately freed her knife to impale the thrashing oddity as it gnashed at her face. She crawled out from under the decomposing body just in time to shoot another as is neared her. 

She hastily counted eight more in front of her and took down the fastest ones first, leaving the less agile ones staggering towards her slowly. Bashing the head of one with the butt of her gun, she sent her foot flying into the neck of another, sending it sprawling onto the concrete with a sick crunch. After taking out the last two in front of her, she looked to her left to find Sean, but couldn't.

A pang of fear shot through her stomach as she ran towards a group of the living dead. She stopped to shoot four rounds into the heads of oncoming zombies, then again began searching for her partner. "Sean!" she screamed frantically as she felt the fear rise in her throat. "Sean, where are you?"

She mowed down a few off to her left before she spotted blood on the street below her. Horrified, she checked around her to make sure the threat was over and then followed the trail into an alley where she found Sean collapsed against a dumpster. His forearm was gushing blood as he grimaced, his eyes closed. "What happened?" she cried.

He looked up, his beautiful eyes full of pain. "Hah. I guess I should've let you take your thirty. It seems I'm useless after all."

"No, no, no, no, no. You're fine. We've got to get you back. You'll be alright once we get you back." She lowered her gaze to his arm and the blood pooling on the concrete beneath him. Ripping a strip off her shirt, she bound the wound tightly, applying pressure to try and stop the bleeding.

A sudden bang beside her ear made her shriek and cover her head. Looking up she saw a pistol in Sean's other hand pointing behind her. She looked back just in time to see a zombie stumble face-first into the ground with a thump. A nervous laugh escaped her trembling lips as she turned back to her lover and partner. "See, you're getting better already. Okay, we've got to go. We need to get back before nightfall or we'll be in a world of trouble."

Holding his unhurt arm around her shoulders, she helped him to his feet, grunting with the effort. They slowly made their way back out to the street, weaving their way around the corpses that littered the ground. Every step was painfully difficult as they inched towards their base.

The sun was just starting to set as they entered their building and the air began to fill with the inarticulate noises of the undead. Being outside in the dark meant death, even if you were as well prepared as they were. When the sun set, the dead swarmed; it was as if they preferred the darkness to the light. With Sean injured, she wouldn't take any chances. Losing him was not an option. 

The stairs seemed endless but they finally reached the 12th story, collapsing on the carpeted floor. She reached up to place the crossbar across the door the looked back down to Sean. His jaw was clenched firmly and his eyes were closed again. Her view shot down to his arm. Blood had soaked through the makeshift bandage and was staining the patterned carpet, turning it to black in the low light. He was hurt worse than she had thought. 

"Come on, just a little further. I've got to fix up your arm," she prompted as she attempted to get him up off the floor. "Come on, just a few more steps." With an anguished cry, he staggered to his knees and then his feet. His breathing was labored as she led him down the hallway to the room they had designated as the infirmary.

Pushing open the door with a foot, she guided him over to the bed and laid him down gently. She went over to the medical kit on the nightstand and got out the supplies she would need. Moving back over to Sean, she knelt beside his barely moving form. 

Slowly unwrapping the bloody rag from his arm, she surveyed the damage. Dread spread through her as she realized that the wound was definitely a bite mark. She felt a tear slide down her cheek as she grasped the fact that she was required by the new laws to kill him immediately. She choked back a sob as she gently wiped the blood from his arm.

His eyes opened slowly. "Pretty bad, huh?" he asked sarcastically, his voice barely above a whisper. The half-smile vanished from his face when he saw that she wasn't smiling back. A long silence passed between them. "You know what you have to do."

"I can't," she cried as she caressed his cheek. Tears rolled down her face as she shook her head.

"You have to. You don't me to turn into one of those walking stiffs, do you?"

"No, but-," her voice trailed off as she remembered all the months they had spent together, how long it had taken him to finally seduce her, all the nights they had spent in one another's arms, all the times he had whispered "I love you". 

A sudden pang of pain made him gasp. "It's happening already. We both know I won't last 'til morning."

"Why haven't they thought of anything?" she asked angrily. "Why isn't there anything I can do?" Her lip began to tremble as she looked at him. "Please don't leave me here alone."

A feeble laugh escaped his lips. "I don't think you want to go where I'm heading." He sucked in his breath as another wave of pain washed over him. "Something for the pain would be nice, though."

She nodded and loaded a syringe with a dose of morphine. She moved to the other side to inject his undamaged arm. He relaxed almost immediately as he gave in to the medicinal relief. His eyes closed and he became very still. She moved back around to clean and dress the wound, all the while wondering what good it would really do. 

When that was finished, she walked down the hall to the communications room to let headquarters know what was going on. 

"Alpha 9 calling HQ, Alpha 9 calling HQ. Do you read? We've got a man down with serious injuries. Requesting immediate assistance. This is Alpha 9 calling HQ. Over." 

Only static came from the other party. After almost half an hour of calling without receiving an answer, she began to get worried. "What the hell is going on over there?" she asked herself aloud. She set the radio on repeat with her message and went back down the hall to see how Sean was doing.

He was sleeping soundly and she could tell by the look on his face that he wasn't in any pain. She re-applied the bandage and medicines anyways, wanting nothing more than to take care of him until his last breath, which she knew would come soon enough. Afterwards she lay down beside him with her head on his shoulder and drifted off into a sleep full of nightmares.

She woke with a start. The room was pitch black and she heard rain quietly tapping the window. She could hear labored breathing beside her and made to get up and inject Sean with another dose of morphine when she realized that her hands were bound. Confusion washed over her as she tugged at her wrists. Only then did she feel that her ankles were bound as well, one to each of the lower corners of the bed. 

A breath brushed over her flushed skin and she could tell that her clothes had been removed. "Sean?" she asked uncomfortably. The hoarse breathing was her only response. "What are you doing? Untie me." She said with as much courage as she could muster. She flinched as a cold hand touched her stomach. "Why are you so cold, Sean?" The frigid fingers made their way up her chest and over her neck, coming to rest on her cheek. She gasped as she felt chilled lips touch her own, sucking gently. He nipped her bottom lip playfully, as he had many times before.

"Sean," she mumbled against his mouth before it was covered with his. The length of his body came to rest over hers and she inhaled sharply. Coldness emanated from it, seeping into her skin intrusively. 

His fingers found her nipples, their temperature hardening them instantly. She wanted so badly for it to be Sean, for him to be okay and alive, but she knew it wasn't. She knew this was someone else, something else, but she was bound and her body was betraying her, rendering her helpless against his advances.

Lightning suddenly flashed outside and she could see that his arm had turned dark shades of red and purple around the wound. His eyes burned into hers intensely, the picture lingering in her mind even when the lightning faded.

She was terribly frightened, but also aware that he wasn't actually hurting her. He wasn't acting at all like any of the other monsters she had faced, but as to whether that should relieve her or frighten her even more she was unsure. He wasn't attempting to feed or even to kill her; it seemed as though his only purpose was to do with her only what he had so enjoyed doing in life.
