 Drip, drip, drip!

Thick drops of watery fluid was falling from the ceiling and hitting Harley on the forehead. She groaned loudly and rolled away. Every part of her body ached. Not that this was surprising to her after she realised that she had been sleeping on the metal grated floor in one of the corridors. How did I end up here? she wondered. Have I been on a drinking binge again?

It was when she moved that she felt it - the thick alien limb that lay lodged inside her rectum and kept her from completely closing her legs. It was shrivelled and lifeless at the moment, but it was still there. When she moved again, she felt just how sore she was. 

She carefully patted the bulge in the back of her pants. A jolt of horror ran through her spine when she felt the arachnid body of the parasite that was still laying there, clinging to her butt cheeks. The touch of her hand awoke it, and she felt it move. The limb in her anus stirred, its long nails dug into her skin and its tail danced beneath her tank top. It didn't hurt too much and the creature quickly relaxed itself again. Harley breathed a sigh of relief. She wasn't ready to relive what she had gone through last night.

The last thing she remembered was hearing a message on the speakers informing her, and anyone else trapped here with her, that this deck of the space station was under quarantine. There was no way she would be allowed to leave with an unidentified alien lifeform stuck to her butt. Hell, she wasn't if it was a good idea to try to reach one of the med bays. The doctors might not be willing to risk the chance of exposure.

A rumble from her tummy made her realise how hungry she was. It was hard to ignore once she had become aware of it. She put her hand on her stomach and was surprised to find that she had less fat around her belly than usual. She could clearly feel her strong abs.

She heard herself sob. It felt strange. She couldn't remember the last time she had cried. It was almost as if she was listening to somebody else, though she couldn't deny the strong emotions that were building up inside of her. You're brave, she told herself. You've survived on the frontier of colonised space. You can get through this.

As if on cue, the light went out with a thundering rumble. It took several nerve-wrecking minutes for the automatic system to replace the broken fuse. Harley huddled together and tried to find a comfortable positon. She thought she heard something in the darkness.

The light came back on so strong that Harley was temporarily blinded. Through her watery eyes, she could barely make out a figure dropping from the ceiling. It landed gracefully on the grated floor, making it shake with its weight.

Harley rubbed her eyes. The creature that came towards her walked upon two legs, like a predatory dinosaur. It had no skin, only a naked exoskeleton. Every vertebrae in its spine and tail were visible. The back of its exposed skull ended in a bony frill of large pentagonal plates. It was like a bony, black halo around its ugly expressionless visage. Saliva drooled from its massive jaws. It was a killer. No doubt about it. Those teeth weren't for chewing plants.

Harley manged to scramble to her feet, but she couldn't force herself to flee. Her legs were shaking too much. She prayed to God that there was a patrol somewhere nearby. Surely, the boy scout brigade are on their way, she thought. For once, she would be glad to see them.

The creature did not appear violent. It tilted its head from side to side, as if it was curious of her. 

"I'm not going to hurt you," Harley whispered.

The sound of her voice caused the creature to give out a shrill shriek and bend its legs, ready to pounce. Harley immediately froze. She stood still as the creature slowly walk towards her. A sniffing sound was coming from its bony nostrils, as if it was trying to smell her. Closer and closer it came. Harley had to turn her face away. She felt its bony nose touch her cheek and its cold breath dampen the air. Saliva dripped from the creature's jaw and landed on Harley's chest. The thing was definitely cold blooded. Its fluids and breath had the same chilling temperature as the corridor.

The creature lowered its head to the level of Harley's groin and circled around her to study her ass. Harley felt the spider's legs move around in her pants. The two aliens seemed to be communicating with each other. The bony raptor made some strange clicking sound, which were answered by some low gurgles from the spider in Harley's pants. After a short exchange, the raptor left through the same air went it had arrived through.

Even after the monster was long gone, Harley found that she could not stop her thighs from trembling. She eventually sunk down to her knees and hands. The pose was accommodating for the invading presence in her ass and the spider seemed to be thanking her by excreting a thick fluid into her. It made her ache less. In fact, as long as she stayed quite still, it felt quite pleasurable. It felt almost like holding back a poo to extend the feeling of relief. Except this time, there was no relief. The intruding limb remained lodged inside her and she didn't dare to try to expulse it.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

The sound of heavy footsteps were echoing through the corridor. Harley was relieved, but also frightened. Presently, a band of boy-scouts, hermetically sealed inside their exoskeleton combat suits, came marching round the corner. The soldiers looked nervous. Their fingers were itching on the triggers of their gun. Harley got to her feet. She couldn't let them notice the parasitic creature.

One of the jarheads looked suspiciously at her. "Have you been exposed?" he asked.

"Exposed?" Harley asked, trying to sound innocent.

"Have you come into close contact with an unknown organism of any kind," he said. His voice was shaking.

Harley looked around at the jarheads. It was terribly clear from their terrified expressions; She was not safe. These boy scouts could maybe protect her against the aliens, but she feared what they would do if realised that she was contaminated. Contaminated. That is what they called it. All new lifeforms needed to be quarantined immediately and kept isolated until they could be studied. Alien diseases had caused terrible epidemics in the past. Now they were facing something completely new - advanced lifeforms of a kind Harley could never have imagined. The jarheads tried to hide it, but it was clear as day. They were scared. There was no way that Harley could count on these trigger-happy meatheads not to do anything rash should they discover her shameful secret. 

The officer gave Harley an emphatic look. "Your legs are shaking," he said. "Are you all right?"

"I tried to run to a safety point, but I fell and hit my head. Now I have this constant spasm in my right thigh. Do you have any muscle relaxants?"

The officer turned to the medic who produced a pill. "Here you go," the officer said. "You should be able to walk after this, unless you've sustained serious trauma."

Harley swallowed the pill quickly. The Spartanic culture amongst the boy scouts meant that there was always a large supply of muscle relaxants. Pederasty is an effective way of asserting authority. The pill would definitely give her the relief she sought. 

A rumble from her stomach reminded Harley of how hungry she was. "Do you have any food?" she asked.

The soldiers handed her some protein bars. The first bite made Harley realise just how hungry she was. She stuffed her mouth as full as she could and chewed feverously. The jarheads looked at her with some disgust. At least they would have had the manners to wipe the crumbs from their mouths.

"Do you have any more?" Harley asked, licking her lips.

The soldiers look at her as if she was the rudest person in the known universe. Harley realised it was best not to push her luck.

"More?" the officer said, raising an eyebrow. "Sure, but you're just going to get yourself constipated."

Harley was about to open her mouth to speak, but ended up biting her lip. The spider had stuck one of its nails into her butt cheek and she had almost given a startled scream. The jarheads looked suspiciously at Harley. One by one, they noticed the tip of the spider's tail, which had snuck out of Harley's tank top. There was no way she would be able to hide the creature much longer. 

That was when Harley once more felt something stir inside her ass. The burrowed limb was trying to expand against her sore anal walls. Lubricating fluids were being pumped into her and leaked out into her pants. Harley felt a wet spot growing around the insides of her thighs. The nails of the spider were digging into her skin, and it seemed to be trying to push her ass cheeks apart to make more room for its body.

"Are you all right?" the officer asked.

He eyed her suspiciously, as Harley shifted her legs in order to make more room for the phallic limb inside her. It wasn't enough. The limb had begun pulsating and needed more space. Slowly, Harley was forced to bend forward into the posture of a young child soiling its diapers, resting her hands on her knees. She was sweating from every pore in her body and her flushed cheeks felt like they were burning up with feverish heat.

"Are you having trouble breathing, Miss?" the officer asked.

"I need," Harley stammered. Her words disappeared between her gasps. She gave the officer a pleading look. He tried to smile comfortingly at her, though his eyes were filled with worry. 

"Try to remain calm," he said and holstered his gun. "I'll call for medical assistance."

While the officer tried to called for help, most of the jarheads kept their eyes on Harley. Many of them had noticed the bulge in her pants and saw that something was moving around under it. 

"Sir," one of them called out. "There is something under her clothes. It's alive."

The officer dropped his phone and watched in horror as the spider's tailed coiled itself around Harley's neck and pulled it backwards to force her into a more accommodating posture. A soldier stepped forward and grabbed the buckle on her belt. He pulled at it so hard that Harley was thrown off her feet. She rolled around on the floor and ended up on her back with her legs spread and her pants hanging from her ankles. The spider forced her to widen her legs and pull her knees up to her shoulders. It was giving her a pounding even more intense than last night. She looked at the soldiers that loomed over her in a circle. They look terrified, but not even in a moment such as this could they help themselves from taking in the view of the hairy triangle between her thighs. Her vagina was swollen and open. It may have been many months since any of the boy scouts had had a shore leave, and the sight of a woman's inner sanctum was more than a little distracting.

"It's an alien," she heard one of them shout. "Kill it," said another.

The boy scouts all looked towards their commanding officer. He was going for his gun. There was a look of determination in his eyes, but his movements were slow and his hands were shaking. It wasn't clear whether he was hesitating out of fear or out of pity. Whatever the reason, he never got the time to take his shot. Something hit him like a whip and coiled itself around his waist. The man screamed. He fought as he was pulled up towards the ceiling and into a ventilation shaft by a skeletal tail, probably belonging to the monster Harley had seen before. After he had disappeared from view, they heard him fire his gun inside the airshaft. 

What happened to him afterwards was uncertain. More monsters came running through the corridor and leapt at the terrified soldiers. The jarheads could praise themselves lucky that they were wearing their exoskeleton suits. The aliens looked like birds trying to get inside a hermetically sealed tin. 

Harley's head tilted backwards. Her eyes were so watery that she could hardly see. The spider was insistent. There was no option for her but to succumb to euphoria and relax her body so that her insides could widen. All she was aware of was the rhythmic pounding in her butt. Even the deafening sound of the soldiers' automatic rifles seemed to be coming from far away. She was taken out of time and space. All that mattered was to keep breathing so that her mind could remain conscious enough to experience the pleasure. 

It lasted for what seemed like an eternity. Pleasure and pain increased until both were too intense for her frail psyche to hand. There was only one escape. She wiped some drool from her chin and pressed the lubricated fingers against her swollen pleasure bud. Her head was ringing. She opened her mouth to scream but no sound came out. It was the most intense orgasm she had ever had.

Then it was over. She felt extremely heavy, as if the artificial gravitation in the spaceship had been dramatically increased and it was pressing her against the floor. The limb inside her was slowly shrinking, but still too large for her to put her legs down. 

Actually, she seemed to have lost complete control of her legs. Her knees were resting against the floor beside her ears. It was a surreal experience for her to be contorted this way as she had never been very flexible. Now, every muscles in her body was completely relaxed and she had lost the power to move them. This was clearly demonstrated when a fountain of urine suddenly shot from her groin and created a puddle in front of her.

Only two jarheads remained. Their armour was thoroughly battered. The others were gone. Harley couldn't see any sign of them. It seemed like they had managed to kill most of the aliens. Bits of them lay strewn all over the corridor.

"Please help me," Harley begged the soldiers.

They simply stood there and panted. Their armour was scratched and thorn in several places. Tubes were ripped off. It seemed like they were either too exhausted or too scared to speak. Their eyes were fixed at her groin. Harley wasn't sure if they were looking at her pussy or at the spider creature. It was a relief when the peeing stopped. She had never felt this humiliated or as vulnerable.

One of the soldiers aimed his gun at Harley's head and pulled the trigger. He pulled it several times. Nothing happened. Empty casing lay strewn all over the floor.

"What are you doing?" Harley screamed.

He didn't answer her. With shaking hands, he tried to replace the empty magazine on his gun.

Harley closed her eyes. There was nothing she could do. She was utterly defenceless.

Then something unexpected happened. The spider relinquished its grip on Harley's ass and withdrew the intromittent organ from her rectum. Its sudden absence gave Harley a fantastic sense of relief. 

The spider was sprinting across the floor. It whipped the soldier with its tail and ripped his gun from his grasp. The jarhead shouldn't have had any problem fighting off the tiny creature, but the poor man was too terrified. He ran away as fast as one can when enclosed inside a ruined exo-suit. 

Harley found that she had regained just enough strength to lift her legs and stretch out her body. It was a relief to feel her anal opening tighten. At least it hadn't been stretched beyond what it could bear.

She felt dirty. What she hadn't given for a bath, a shower or even a garden hose. She was completely soaked in her own fluids and her orifices was dripping. 

The arachnoid alien was coming back towards her. She couldn't flee from it. The tingling numbness that she had felt since her orgasm was receding, but only very slowly. It would be a while before she could get back on her feet.

"Don't" she whispered. "Don't do it again. I can't take any more."

The spider stopped. It seemed to be listening to her voice. Is it trying to understand me? Harley wondered. She extended her arm and stoked the top of the creature's arachnid body. The spider seemed to enjoy being cuddled. It moved closer and closer. Harley got scared. When it started climbing up her chest, she tried to push it away, but it coiled its tail around her neck and choked her. 

Harley could now see the underbelly of the creature. The ugly mouth was circled by several suction cups. Opening her mouth to scream was a mistake. The spider pushed its intromittent organ into Harley's mouth and down her throat. Harley grabbed the spider by the legs, but she was too weak. It used its tail to pull itself closer until it had enveloped her face and grabbed hold of the back of her head with its legs. It surrounded her head like a bony ribcage.

The phallic tentacle was making its way deeper down Harley's throat. She began to gag and realised she wasn't getting any air. Her consciousness began to drift away. Just in time, the spider pushed a tiny tendril down her windpipe. Harley felt her strength slowly return as her lungs were filled with air. For a while, her body convulsed as if she was going to throw up. Unbeknownst to Harley, the spider was pumping a calming gas into her lungs, which allowed her body to accept its intrusion.

A great deal of time passed. Harley simply sat on the floor, trying not to think on how the thing that was now inside her throat had until recently lain inside her rectum. The spider's underbelly blocked her sight, so she could see absolutely nothing.

A draft blew through the corridor and made her sweaty body shiver. Her pussy was wet and felt extra cold. She heard a woman scream and run away. Harley had no way of calling out to her. The idea of someone seeing her in this state was so humiliating it caused her actual physical pain. The only comfort was that she was completely unrecognizable. 

Her belly ached. She was just as hungry as before. As the hours past, it just got worse. To make things worse, she was starting to get horny again. It was definitely not a good feeling. It was as if she had an itch in her pussy that eventually would have to be scratched. 

Part of her wanted to lay there for ever, or until the some meathead soldier came back to kill her, but the floor was too painful. The grating was biting into her skin. She needed to find somewhere else to rest.

Through sheer force of will, she managed to get back on her feet. She walked unsteadily, as her legs were still weak. The soreness in her ass, which had abated after her orgasm, was coming back with a vengeance. 

After merely ten minutes of walking, which seemed like an eternity, she found a room with a bed. She laid down on the hard matrass thoroughly exhausted. 

Her hunger was getting worse. Without thinking about it, she began licking the phallic tentacle that passed through her mouth, just so that she could taste the salty perspiration it gave off. It didn't even occur to her how disgusting it was, until the tentacle began stirring. A large amount of gooey liquid was being conveyed through it and disgorged into her gullet. 

The spider was feeding her. 

A strange thought passed through Harley's mind. I'm a baby bird, she heard herself thinking, as though the idea did not come from herself. I'm a tiny swallow and the alien is my mother. She will feed me and protect me.