 A.N. Hey guys, this story is very different from what I usually write, but fingers crossed that the beautiful people of Literotica will like it just as much :D

So I've never gotten the chance to play Until Dawn myself but I've watched like a million people play it all the way through. And for some reason when I see the game, the one thought that keeps repeating in my head is...

Why fuck aren't those girls getting fucked by the Wendigo??? 

It was just kind of an idea I got and I'm surprised I haven't seen much in the form of art or story here on the sight about that very thing. So I decided to change that and see how it goes. 

The following contains: Monster on female sex, namely: Hannah x Wendigo(s) to be exact. It will start as non-consent/rape but will not remain that way. As I'm not a fan of just total brutalization and pain. So it will be forced at first but will slowly switch from non-con to 'please fuck me.' 

Obviously if you've never played the game Until Dawn you might be a little lost, but all you have to do is watch the opening cutscene of the game on youtube and you're caught up lol. If you don't feel like doing that then I hope I give enough background info for you to not belost.

And that's about it, hope you guys enjoy! :) 

Chapter 1: Hannah's Discovery

*****

"It couldn't possibly get any worse." Hannah thought as she limped further into the dark cave.

Tonight had literally been the worst night of her life, Mike...how could he have done that to her? And all of her friends were in on it too. They fooled her into thinking she was actually gonna get a chance to be with him. She was so devastated from that 'prank' that she ran from the lodge and out into the snow, her sister Beth thankfully found her but then they both were chased by this...thing.

She couldn't even describe what it was, it moved so fast and sent them to the edge of a cliff. After that her memory was a little hazy, everything happened in a blur. There was some fire, Beth trying to hold onto the ledge to save them both, and the last thing Hannah could remember was hearing the branch crack, both of them falling and tumbling onto snow and ice. When she woke up, Beth was nowhere to be seen and her ankle hurt pretty bad. Since she was able to put pressure on it she didn't think it was broken, but probably sprained badly. The snow must've cushioned the fall just enough to save her life and leave her with only a few cuts and bruises.

But now here she was, feeling along the side of this...cave? Mine? Cavern? Wherever they landed, and was searching for her missing sister who definitely fell from that cliff with her but probably landed in a different location. Her phone was gone, figuring she must've dropped it when they fled that thing in the snow, so she had no way to call for help aside from shouting, and no way to light her path.

"Beth!?" Hannah called out, her glasses were cracked but not broken so her vision wasn't hindered by that. It was the overwhelming darkness that made moving around difficult. The spot she fell had a little bit of light coming from the hole they plummeted through, but Hannah couldn't stay there even if it was the only spot she could see. Beth was missing, and if she got hurt from the fall and couldn't move she needed to help her. Hannah clutched Beth's pink jacket a little tighter at that thought. Beth came after Hannah when she fled outside, so it was only right that Hannah came after Beth wherever she was. "Beth!!?" She shouted again.

Her voice echoed loudly in the caverns ahead. She hadn't made much progress due to her weak leg, if she turned around she could still actually see the illuminated area where she woke up.

Instinct told her to turn back and wait there, odds were if her friends came looking for them they would be more likely to find them if she stayed put rather then getting lost in the darkness. But her heart told her that she needed to do something to find her sister. And then again her injured leg told her she needed to sit the fuck down somewhere.

She winced when she tried to take another step forward and the nerves in her ankle twinged. She could keep walking but that might just make the condition of her injury worse, and now that she thought about it. Odds are that there was no way Beth would've rolled that far away from her. She had walked maybe thirty feet away from their impact point and there was no sign of her. Maybe the better idea was to search around there instead of just heading off blindly into a dark creepy tunnel.

"Maybe I should go back..." She thought repeatedly looking back to the light, and forward to the blackness. She didn't want to just sit and do nothing, but what choice did she have? There was no light up ahead and what good would getting herself lost do? But in a last ditch effort to attempt to make contact with her missing twin Hannah cupped her hands on each side of her mouth, drew in a deep breath and, "BETH!!!" She screamed as loud as she could muster, and waited. For a moment she was worried the loud noise might cause a cave in or something, but she had to at least try.

Again her shout echoed sharply due to the high pitch and bounced throughout the tunnels ahead. Her hope was that if Beth was knocked out or lost she would at probably hear that and maybe call back to her. So she stood and listened closely as the noise began to die off, hoping for any sign of life to pop up and give her relief.

It didn't.

She was met with only more silence. If Beth really was somewhere up ahead she had to be out cold, or worse...

"No no no no! Don't think about that." Hannah shook her head rapidly and turned around to head back. It would probably be best to just stay put where she knew it was safer, who knows there could be another sheer drop just a few feet away in that tunnel. And if Hannah fell again and broke something it was game over. Odds were their friends would come looking for them, and if they couldn't find her they would call the local Sheriff's department and they WOULD find her. Maybe they could even find Beth before Hannah could. Hopefully this would all be over by tomorrow. Thankfully it was much warmer down here then it was outside, most likely because it was out of the wind and underground. That being said it was still cold, Hannah could see her breath with each step. All that aside the teen tried her best to calm herself, panicking wouldn't solve any problems, she just needed to take a seat and wait it out. "Everything will be fine if I just stay calm."

Only if that was true.

As she lumbered back from where she came, something was creeping up behind her in the dark. It saw the world in a red haze, brightening up briefly with each movement of the unsuspecting girl. It along with several of it's kind had been following the sounds of her calling, luckily it managed to track her to this spot and was now closing in on it's prey. The Wendigo was on the hunt, but not for food. It hungered for something else that it had been starved of for a very long time.

Hannah heard something drop to the floor behind her and she froze in place, it didn't sound like a rock or rubble tumbling around. It sounded more like some type of movement.

Slowly she peaked over her shoulder feeling anxious about what it could be. "...Beth? Is that you?"

Suddenly there was a lurch of movement causing her to jump, thanks to the light behind her whatever it was that made that sound was casting enough of a silhouette for her to at least get an image of it. And it definitely was not her sister. It was something much, much worse.

It rose up on two legs standing well over the height of the 5'8 teen making it maybe seven to eight feet tall and having to hunch over to fit in the cave. It's limbs were long and gangly, but it's hands were huge and menacing. The girl was completely paralyzed as she watched it loom closer to her, it felt like her veins had filled with ice as enough light shown on it's face for her to get a look into it's dead, pale eyes. Without warning it screeched right in her face, a higher pitch then Hannah's following scream was able to reach. She turned and attempted to run away from the creature, not caring how much her ankle whined about it. A fresh course of adrenaline hit her system with the fear that struck her so she was able to ignore the pain while she bolted. But she was not even remotely fast enough to outrun it, it quickly followed, pounced and tackled the teen girl down face first into the lit up area and onto the cave floor.

Hannah cried out in pain at the impact but immediately tried to scramble back up, her heart pounding in her ears while she attempted to crawl anywhere away from this thing. She didn't realize how doomed she already was as it had her in it's grasp, it hunched over her body and flipped her over onto her back hard.

"No!" She screamed now getting a clear good look at her attacker, it's skin was grey and stretched taught to it's bone. It's fingers were topped off with sharp claws and it's teeth were jagged. The ratty clothes that barley covered it were well worn and looked like they hadn't been washed in decades. This must've been the thing that was chasing them outside. "Get away from me!" Her body flailed, kicking and swinging on whatever they could reach trying to bat the monster away. The Wendigo was barely phased as it screeched again this time planting one hand against Hannah's belly holding her in place and it dunked it's head into the nape of her neck nuzzling her, inhaling her sweet scent. The poor girl had no idea what it was doing, she assumed the worse, that she was going to die here. That it was going to pull her innards out and eat them in front of her. Her body wouldn't be found and she'd be left in the cave forever. She started to cry. Tears of both terror and sadness leaking out from beneath her glasses as the creatures nose sifted through her long brown hair.

She continued to struggle, attempting to pry it's hand off of her body and break free; her legs kicking out beneath it. This seemed to agitate it as it pulled back from breathing in her smell and once more screamed loudly in her face. Hannah whimpered and stopped moving, too scared to try anything else so she just laid there softly sobbing while it smelled over her body once more.

"Please..." She begged, well aware that this thing probably couldn't understand her. What other choice did she have? "Please don't kill me...I don't wanna die...please..."

What the girl didn't know was that the Wendigo had no intention of killing her, or even eating her. What it did want however, was buried underneath all those annoying coverings she wore. Those needed to go.

She smelled so sweet, unlike anything that had filled it's nostrils for years. It was drunk on her scent and wanted her now, it's hunger needed to be satisfied. So with it's hand on her stomach it grabbed at the pink puffy material of her jacket and pulled with it's clawed fingers. With little resistance the fabric tore and the zipper snapped as it pulled quickly ripping more and more of it off.

Hannah's body flopped up and down limply as it did this, "Wait, what are you..?"

It didn't answer, it merely shredded the remains of Beth's jacket then went to work on pulling free the brown blouse she wore beneath it. The buttons flicked off it numerous directions clinking when they hit the ground and sending Hannah into another feverish panic, she had not been wearing a bra and her bare breasts were now exposed. "W-Wait!" She said moving her arms to cover herself. Once again it ignored her plea and easily pulled her arms away despite her best attempts to fight back. Using her hands now to lift her up, it grabbed at the back of her shirt and tore that away too now leaving her completely topless. Hannah was always proud of her breasts but now they caused her nothing but embarrassment and shame. She squirmed in it's grasp as the monster lifted her completely off the ground by her wrists since one of it's hands was more than large enough to hold them both, and eyed her body.

Her cute pink nipples were stiff and hardened by the cold and the intensity of her situation. She closed her eyes and looked away feeling a hard blush run to her cheeks, what was this thing doing? And why hadn't it just killed her, did it want to strip her down so nothing would be in the way of it's meal? A million questions went through Hannah's racing mind but no answers were coming yet as the creature brought her close to it's face and proceeded to lick at her chest.

She gasped at the sudden odd sensation of it's inhumanly long tongue slithering along her mounds of soft flesh. "Ah! Stop!" She writhed again kicking her legs hanging in the air, it felt so weird. His tongue left a slimy trail of dampness along her nipples that seemed to jolt them as it passed by.

One well placed kick however managed to connect with the Wendigo's chest and that tore it's attention away from tasting her ample breasts. It roared at her for a forth time now and looked down at her boots and the jeans that covered her long legs. The creature wondered if her legs were as tasty as her chest was, and besides he didn't want her kicking at him like that again.

And without a second thought it's free hand came up and tore down along the side of her jeans, it's claws going through them like they were warm butter. Again the girl freaked, "No! No!" She tried to free her hands and thrashed against his grip as it ripped the pants off her leaving a few light scratches along the way, it stung her slightly but they didn't seem to even break the skin. Her boots took a few more tears then the clothes but they came off as well, and her panties didn't stand a chance as they too were ripped away.

Hannah hung there in this monsters grasp naked as the day she was born, aside from her family locket and glasses; goosebumps spreading out on her body from the cold air kissing her tender skin. She started to shiver both from fear and the temperature. It was like being in a fully air conditioned room butt naked. There was no wind current so she was pretty sure she wouldn't get frost bite or go hypothermic, especially since her blood was rushing so fast due to her adrenaline. But she still had bigger problems then being cold.

The creature unceremoniously dropped her on her ass but didn't leave her alone for long. Before she could recuperate it was on her again but this time it started to lick up along her long pale legs. It started at the very bottom, dragging it's tongue along her feet then up over her ankle. The teen was very ticklish and that same odd appendage coming from it's mouth sent odd shivers through her frightened body. She jumped when it started again and sat up on her elbows to see what it was doing. Again assuming the worst she assumed that it was sampling what she tasted like before it was going to eat her.

When it got to her thighs though she actually gasped, it's tongue was maybe five or six inches longer then a humans and it seemed to dance along the sensitive area with great precision. It sent a rush feeling through her body as it traced a pounding vein, the girl got even more confused. Her body was starting to wonder if her adrenaline was going due to fear or...

"S...stop it!" Hannah spoke again trying to pull herself away. But before she could the creature grabbed her by the outside of her thighs and lifted her almost entirely off the ground again. She yelped as her neck was craned oddly to look up at what was happening, only the top of her shoulders and arms were left on the ground. Her back, butt and legs were lifted up and brought to the Wendigo's face while her feet dangled beside it's head.

"Is...is it...why is it?" She couldn't finish that thought before the Wendigo began to dig in.

It could smell her pheromones from a mile away and it was sure his brothers could too, so he wanted to do this quickly before they showed up. Her sex was now beginning to emit an even more particular type of scent that drove the creature wild. And it dove it's tongue into the shocked girl deep. Tasting the most intimate parts of her.

Hannah let out a sharp gasp as the slimy intruder plunged into her without warning. From the angle she was at, she wasn't in a position to really do anything about it expect try to feebly squirm away. "Aaah! S....stop! Please..." She gasped a second time as the tongue began to twist and shift around inside her. The creature made quiet sounds of delight as it savored the sweet young girls nectar, she tasted absolutely delicious. Her brain was so confused, moments ago she was sure her death was imminent. But now, she was still pretty sure it was, but the whole situation really took a left turn when this monster began eating her out.

Truthfully she had hoped it would be Mike doing this to her a few hours ago, but now she had no idea what she wanted. The creature held her closely by her waist and tongued her deeply, far deeper then a human tongue could go, and it poked and prodded all the right spots inside to drive Hannah crazy.

Her hands opened and closed searching for something to grab onto while her toes curled and flexed at the strange feeling. Her jaw hung open while shaky breaths barely made it in and out of her lungs, "P-please sto-uuhh..." She couldn't say it, she knew this as wrong. It was very wrong, she should be terrified, fighting for her life. But her fear had calmed and was quickly being replaced by hazy arousal. No one had ever gone down on her before, but she had no idea that it would feel like this. Such a sweet sensation that her body was slowly succumbing to. Her chest rose and fell heavily and she could see the vapors of each deep breath she took.

The moan that squeaked out of her throat came unwillingly, followed by several more as this creature went to town on her now soaking wet pussy. The angle was still awkward but she managed to lightly rock her hips against the creatures mouth on reflex. At this point her brain had stopped working and primal bodily desire was taking over. That monsters delightful tongue was causing her eyes to roll back and her core to pulse with sparks as he licked just a little bit deeper.

"Oooouuu..." Hannah cooed, the little vibrations and exploratory nature of his tongue made her feel hot. Her blush of embarrassment was quickly becoming a blush of excitement. She didn't know how she could get turned on being in the predicament that she was in. But somehow her body found a way, and it gladly excepted the sinful feelings it was being offered by the monster.

However the Wendigo couldn't take waiting anymore. He'd tasted her enough and now he wanted the main course. So again with little care he freed her and let her bottom plop onto the ground hearing her let out a small 'Oouff.' His loins were burning, it was time to make her his.

"Wha-why did you..." Hannah wanted to ask it, again still pretty sure it wouldn't understand her. But once she looked up from her position on the ground, her heart sank.

The creature tore at the old pants that were only partially covering it's pelvis to reveal it's true motive behind her attack. Out sprang a huge swollen cock. Dark grey colored matching the rest of it's skin tone, veins all over it bulging out along it's sides, and the head was narrowed almost like an arrowhead in addition to the mushroom shape at very tip. Two big testicles hung below it maybe the size of heavy golf balls or plums, and it's overall length was much longer then a human penis. Like the rest of it's body it was elongated, maybe reaching over eleven inches long and so thick she didn't think her entire hand could fit around it.
