 Mr. Estovich's Tales of Tail: Upon Snow-Capped Hills

The wind cracked frightful whips, punishing the soft, pale skin which hid beneath the layers of Joanna's clothes. She looked off, towards the horizon, trying to make sense of a world swallowed up by whippoorwills of snow. The moisture of this place seeped through the surface of everything. She could feel it there, biting at her. A million tongues of this frozen adventure licked the nervous sweat from her dermas, pinking and prickling her everywhere.

Joanna's nipples had never been this hard, and just walking caused a biting ache in her crotch. It felt like her pussy had frozen shut.

She wiped at her goggles, trying to clear some sort of visual path. She saw her friends, maybe a few yards up. Their bodies were distorted looking, white mounds of familiarity. It was so fucking cold out here, the very atmosphere seemed to bear them all a terrible ill will.

At least it was letting up a hair. She looked up, towards the sky. The gray clouds hung there, smiling down in their disinterested way, but the snow was slowing.

"This is crazy, huh," Danny said as Joanna caught up to her.

"Yeah," she yelled. They were only a foot or two apart, but all the girls were virtually deaf from the wind. The other two had stopped walking, were looking back at them. Katie had a puss on.

Joanna didn't know how they'd all let Katie talk them into this intrepid little adventure. A week's sojourn, just the four of them… the gals. It'd be good for them, it'd be fun, what women didn't need a little girl's night out? even if that night meant camping out in the woods, amidst the snow and frigid cold. 

And the night was seven days long…

"What's with the mosey?" Katie asked as Joanna and Danny caught up. "We gotta keep our pace up."

Katie was a leader by trade and birth. She just had that thing about her, that sense of the commander which caused others to roll over and expose their soft, fleshy undercarriage. She was wearing a pair of black snow-pants and a bright green jacket, zipped up with a plaid scarf around her neck. The cold had given Katie's skin some color, a nice, rosy hue. She seemed alive, healthier somehow, where Joanne just looked pale and blotchy. 

Even through the heavy packaging, her massive bosom was evident. Katie was stacked, her tits branching out to some obscene letter. She swore up and down they were natural. Joanna wasn't buying it.

"I don't think it's too far away now," Katie said.

Danny and Billy nodded their consent. Those two always hung together, the twin thing, probably. It was odd, Danny and Billy would look just like each other from one angle, then one of them would turn, and the similarities would vanish like that. It didn't matter though, they were both beautiful; slimmer than Katie or Joanna, far less busty, but with an elfish sheen of sensuality. 

They'd shared men… plenty of them. What kind of a gift was that for a guy? Sitting at a bar one minute, lying naked on a bed the next, two angelic replicants working their naked magic. The two of them had shared a room at the ski-lodge that first night. At breakfast the next morning, they'd giddily recounted their evening's activities. It seems they'd ordered room service, pizza and a salad or some such nonsense. When the bell-boy arrived, Billy had answered the door nude, grabbed the chap by the collar and drug him inside. The two sisters then stripped the fortunate fellow of his uniform and tossed him onto the bed.

From their description, he'd been a scrawny sort, but what he lacked in muscularity, he'd made up for in endowment. Something about the skinny boys and those plump, veiny sausages of theirs… Probably a lack of body-fat, covering it up. Who knows, maybe there's a secret John Holms hiding deep within the fleshy mass of every guy's doughy midsection.

The girls had a routine; they'd lay their toy flat on his back and Danny would creep up his legs, thighs well apart, letting the very edges of her vagina ooze along his flesh. The hair of the guy's extremities would tickle her slit as she traveled, like sensual cilia, pulling the juices from inside her and mopping them about, preparing her sex for its imminent impaling. While Danny slowly traversed the lower regions, Billy would come at him from the top, running her hairless twat over his forehead, down over his eyes and across his nose. She liked to squat at bit more at this point, feeling the man's schnoz part her lips and sneak inside of her. Her eyes would close, and she would imagine the aroma from his point, the tiny droplets of liquid musk finding their way into his nasal passages as he inhaled, partaking of her luscious quim.

They'd come together then, Danny moving the rest of the way to her patient's lap, running herself up the underside of his member, then falling, letting it slide all the way into her in one, quick motion. He'd gasp then, they always did, and Billy would take this chance to align her pussy with his open, breathing mouth, pressing down on him, forcing her inner labia to pout into his mouth. 

The two girls would grind there then, Danny fucking his penis, Billy fucking his mouth, and make out above him, allowing their tongues to mingle and their breasts to graze one another as the sensations they wrung from the man took over. Men were like instruments, the thin layer between them necessary to keep their infernal conquests kosher in the eyes of God. 

That night, the bell-boy had yelled out, bellowing into Billy's sex as he spurted ropes of cum into her sister's. They'd thrown him out then, tossing every stitch of clothing he had into the hallway except for his underwear. They kept those, as a trophy… they always did. The two girls would chuckle in their shared nudity, cleaning themselves with their prize. They kept all the soiled undergarments of their years, crusted over with smegma and semen and sex. A drawer in their shared apartment held their collection. Joanna remembered the one time she'd opened it by mistake and nearly threw up from the smell.

Danny had crept up behind her, reaching around to her breast and lightly putting her lips against Joanna's neck.

"Does the smell of pussy disgust you?" she'd asked. Joanna had been too shocked to answer, but thinking back, she'd have to say yes… yes it does…

"How far are we gonna go?" Joanna asked. Katie seemed to have some sort of camp-site destination in mind, but Joanna'd be damned if she could see anything. It all looked the same to her, just an endless sea of white. Snow littered everything, the ground, the trees, the infantile mountain tops. They seemed lost somehow, upon a fathomless sea of snow-capped hills.

"Until we get there?" Katie responded.

"Where's there?" Danny asked. Katie smiled in her coquettish way.

"We'll know when we find it." 

It wasn't just the twins that morning, recounting tales of hotel conquests. Katie, as always, had a story to tell.

While she admitted that the bell-boys and bartenders and what-have-you's were all attractive sorts, it wasn't her style to wander about, fucking the help. Katie tended towards meatier game.

They'd had drinks together the night before in the hotel bar. It was a nice place, all gilded lights and chandeliers with more crystal than a central-park gathering. The four of them had sat around a table, gabbing and imbibing when Katie spotted her evening's game.

A couple, smiling, drinking and eating dinner in a far corner. 

It looked cozy… romantic. 

The man wore a sports jacket and a nice pair of slacks. He wasn't skinny, wasn't fat, wasn't a body builder either. In fact, other than being well put together, he really wasn't anything at all.

But her… she was fantastic. A black, low cut evening gown displayed a pair of sensational breasts. A pearl necklace adorned her well-carved neck. Makeup, tasteful, nothing over-stated. The woman put her hand on her husband's, Katie could smell the matrimony between them, she had that gift. Even if she hadn't, the formidable rock on the woman's finger would have given it away.

Katie was no lip-sticker, she had no desire to taste a girl's secretions unless they were her own. No, she was a hunter… a temptress… an athlete, if you will, always looking to challenge herself on the fields of life's sensual game.

Danny had been talking when Katie reached into her handbag and pulled out her cell phone. The three girls watched as she casually slid the small device under the table, between her legs and up into her skirt. Katie never wore panties, so all three knew what it meant when they heard that fateful click. 

A few minutes later when the woman had excused herself to use the facilities, Katie wandered over, dropping her cell and a small note on the table. The man looked up at her, confused, and Katie smiled, winking once as she walked away. They all saw the look on his face when he looked at the picture she had up on the screen. They all knew what would happen later that night, when he went to the room number she'd written down.

What did marriage mean anyway? Not much, from the story Katie told over breakfast. She had her cell-phone back, and a picture or two of her own now, to prove that the victory had been hers.

Joanna just quietly ate her eggs as the three little women prattled on over their evening's delights. Marriage… whatever. Joanne tried to keep the scowl from her lips. She'd been married once, divorced now. Her husband had been kind for a while, but eventually his eyes had wandered, the way they always seem to. It had taken a year or so, but finally, he'd been felled by an athlete just like the one Joanna stared at now, the subject of an early morning gossip session just like this.  

It had been two years since Joanna'd been laid. It'd changed her. Her cunt was so tight now she could hardly get two fingers inside of it. Who knew, maybe she was finding a new way to be an athlete all her own.

"Hey, what's that?" Billy said, pointing a little ways up ahead. 

"Don't know," Katie said. Joanna squinted, trying to see what her friend was talking about. 

"It's just the snow," Danny said.

"It is not, look at it, it's like a… a mound or something, I'm not sure."

Joanna saw it then as they all started towards it. Billy was right, there was a mound in the snow a few yards ahead, with something sticking out off it. Maybe just a tree, trying to grow in this infernal landscape, but it didn't look like a tree. In fact, the closer they got, it almost looked like a-

"Oh My GOD!" Danny shrieked. Billy just stared at it, and Katie, well, she simply broke out laughing.

Joanna was fixated, she simply… she just couldn't believe her eyes, but there it was, atop a mound of snow, sticking out like a flagpole for all the world to see was a-

"Cock. Jesus Christ, it's a fucking cock," Katie finally said.

The four women circled around, staring down at it. A penis, a respectable one at that, stuck out of the snow a good seven or so inches. It was hard as a rock, bluish in color and wrapped in veins, bulging outward with frozen blood.

"I knew these things grew on trees, but shit," Billy said.

Katie leaned down, reaching out and-

"Oh God, Don't!"

-touched it. She leapt back, shrieking with glee.

"Is it cold?"

"I can't feel it through my glove,"

Danny got down on her hands and knees, brushing the snow away from its base. Skin was there, as blue as the frozen member. A pelvis, hips, legs, stomach, chest.

"Oh my God," Joanna whispered as she watched her friend slowly uncover the body of a dead, frozen man. His eyes were closed, his lips as well. He had a serene air about him, one could almost imagine he was sleeping.

"I can't believe this," Katie said in a hushed voice. Joanna looked over at her. Katie looked honest-to-goodness shocked. Joanna had never seen her friend struck dumb like that before, she hadn't thought it possible.

"He was a looker at least," Billy said, eyes crawling over the corpse. It was true, the man was young, fit, and must have been unbelievably attractive during his life. Maybe it was due to the condition of his demise, but Joanna had never seen skin so smooth before. His body was hairless except for his head, and the bluish tone to everything lent him an odd sense of youth, of innocence that she didn't think a man could carry.

"I wonder what his name was?" Danny said.

"Probably Dick."

"That's not nice," Joanna admonished, shooting Katie a harsh glare. "This is… it was a person. We shouldn't talk about him that way."

"Don't be so sensitive, I was on-"

"She's right," Danny cut in, giving Joanna a sorrowful look. "This guy's dead, it's not cool, you know."

Billy had sat down in the snow next to the body, was staring at it, transfixed. Putting her right hand in her mouth, she used her teeth to pull the glove off and slowly reached out. Joanna watched, wanted to say something, but didn't as her friend wrapped her hand around the frozen shaft, sliding it up until her palm was resting on the head.

Katie started giggling. "I think I know where we're camping tonight."

Joanna didn't say anything, just watched. The others would think she was crazy, but she knew her eyes were true. When Billy had reached out, had touched him, she'd seen his hand. It had moved, just a little, just a hair, but it HAD moved.

The fire sparkled, kicking little cinders of burning ash into the night. The breeze had a slight taste of snow to it, but nothing too rough. Nothing dangerous. The girls all sat in a circle around the blaze. Their tents were set up, three of them (the twins always shared), and the flickering light cast bizarre shadows across their sleek surfaces.

They were drinking. Joanna didn't usually, but tonight she'd relented and let her friends talk her into having a sip. 

The body was only a couple yards away. Lying there, prone, it's fabulous member frozen in time, reaching skyward to a heaven Joanna hoped his soul enjoyed.

"God, that kid was such a geek, I don't know how I ever let him coax me into bed," Katie said and took a hard swallow from her bottle of Goose. "He was such a nerd, was on the chess team. I guess back in Highschool, I was just happy to get laid."

"Weren't we all," Billy said, her eyes at half-mast.

Katie was giggling, slurring her words. The twins, a bottle of Jack lying in the snow between them, were leaning against each other, barely staying awake. Joanna was a bit tipsy herself, but not nearly as trashed as her companions.

"I remember the first time I let him take me to bed, God, you should have seen the look on his face. I slipped my panties off, letting my legs fall open, thinking, you know, soups on, Son, go to it. But God, he just sits there, his mouth falling open, pathetic little dick all aflutter, staring at my cooz. I mean, I figured the kid would have at least seen a pussy in a magazine or something."

"Cunts can do that to a boy," Billy said, standing up, stretching into a full-body yawn. Danny slipped over, catching herself before she slumped into the snow. "I think we're off."

"Night," Joanna said, watching the twins slip into their tent. The flap zipped up. Rustling inside; sounds of snuggling, of comfort being sought. Joanna wondered, not for the first time, if the girls always needed a man around to enjoy the nuances of each other's nooks and crannies.

"So, what do you think he was like?" Katie asked.

"Not sure. He looks, I don't know… kind." "They all look like that when their sleeping. It's when they're awake you gotta worry about 'em."

"Yeah."

"Still, I bet he would have been fun in the sack." Joanna didn't respond to that one, probably because she was a bit ashamed. 

She'd been thinking the same thing… 

Katie grabbed her bottle and did a sad little crab-crawl back to her tent, not even saying goodnight as she zipped up the flap.

Joanna watched her go, then looked back over to the body. The fire-light sparkled against its smooth, frozen surface.

"Well," she said, holding her own bottle in solute. "Here's to the snow." Joanna giggled, having some difficulty getting vertical. She didn't think she was that drunk, but standing changed her mind a bit. With careful steps, Joanna made her way to her tent, opening the flap, one foot inside when she turned back. 

The body lay there… what else would it have done?

Joanna looked over at Katie's tent. Even through the breeze, she could hear her friend snoring. She'd be dead for quite some while.

Just a look…

Stepping back out, Joanna made her wobbling way towards it, swerving in the snow until she stood over the frozen body. She'd been afraid of it at first, not in a threatened way, but by an overwhelming sadness. She knew the body couldn't hurt her, but still, to be there, so close to an emblem of death like that.

Don't see that much in the city.

"So, did you have a na-" she started, but fell over, her rump landing in the snow with a crunch. Her feet had slid from under her. One of them, her left, had jutted out, had kicked the body.

"Oh God," she said, giggling still. She didn't know why, it wasn't like it was funny, but somehow, Joanna just couldn't help it. "I'm so sorry," she said, getting up into a crawling stance. They'd cleared most of the snow off of him, but she'd kicked a big pillow of it onto his mid section. Without thinking, Joanna sat up, rump resting in the soft frigidity, and started dusting it off. 

"Get you cleaned up."

Through her gloves, Joanna might as well have been waxing a table for all she could feel. She watched his face. He didn't move, didn't flitter or flush. She'd never actually seen a dead body before. Yeah, she'd seen them on T.V. and in pictures in books and what not, but never really seen one before.

Not up close… in the flesh.

Not like this…

Joanna's hand brushed against the base of the man's prick. She smiled, couldn't help it. There was some snow there, caught in the frozen fold where testicle met crotch.

"Just, you know, want to be thorough," she said, when something happened.

His hand, the left one… the one she'd seen before… it moved…

Joanna pulled her hand back, chirping, a frightened gasp.

It wasn't much, hardly more than a twitch, but she knew she wasn't going crazy. She'd seen it. 

Joanna licked her lips. Even in the cold, she was sweating, and a tingle happened somewhere at the core of her. Adrenalin, probably, that thing your body does to tell you when you're sitting in front of something that probably shouldn't be.

Slowly, she reached out, gloved-fingers splayed, and rested her hand against the base of the man's frozen cock. Nothing. She swallowed, then wrapped her fingers around it, squeezing. It happened again. The hand moved, leaving a faint groove in the snow. 

Joanna didn't flinch this time, didn't back away. Instead, keeping her grip, she slowly moved her hand up the length of him until her palm rested against the top of his swollen head.

Water, just a drop, ran from the edge of his forehead, down the side of his face, and dripped into the snow. 

Joanna squeezed a little harder and moved her hand back down his cock… and up again, several times in a slow but steady motion.

And more water dribbled from the side of the man's head, and from his chest, and arms. His hand moved again, but not just a flutter this time. It clenched, squeezing slowly into a frozen fist. Joanna could hear the crackling sounds as the fleshy layer of ice across the man's palms cracked. 

Joanna let go, putting her hand to her mouth and pulling the glove off with her teeth.

His dick burned it was so cold to the touch, but Joanne gripped it anyway, moving, jerking him off as more liquid melted, pouring from places all across his skin now. She could see motion in the veins inside his neck, and little flutters around his nipples.
