 The meteor shower was at its peak this night however nobody in the city could see it. The lights of New York were always too brite to see anything the universe had to offer and usually the people were to busy to care anyway.

One small fragment got a little close to the city but still wasn't noticed by anyone below. It was so hot that the rock exploded in to mere dust before the debris sprinkled down on top of small apartment building. The dust was mostly rock dust and debri except for a small stone that looked a lot like a plant seed landing in a puddle on the corner of the roof.

At first nothing happened but soon the seed began to soak up the water and expand. The more water it absorbed the larger it got growing to the size of an orange and getting bigger.

----------------------------

Robin had just gotten home from work and stepped off the elevator and heading for her apartment. It had been a long day and being the day before Valentines day she found herself just getting annoyed with all the girls she worked with going on about their plans with their significant others.

As she got to her door at the end of the hall the door across the hall opened as her neighbor Jeff was heading out for the evening. Her and Jeff were always friendly with each other as they had been neighbors for years. He had always found her attractive and had asked her out a few times but she always turned him down. It wasn't that she didn't find him attractive or that she didn't like him, it was more like she didn't want to live across from a guy she broke up with of it didn't work out and she also wasn't a big fan of dating in general.

"Hey Robin." He said seeing his beautiful brunette neighbor in the hall. "Any big plans for tomorrow?" 

"Big plans? Yeah, they involve a pizza and renting a movie."

"I find it hard to believe a woman like you can't get a date for Valentines day."

"Gag, if I had time to date I still wouldn't care about this stupid holiday. What about you? Heading out to score a date?"

"Nah, getting a drink with some friends, but if some young lady is feeling lonely....... maybe."

"Yeah have fun with that."

Jeff chuckled a little and started walking away when he stopped and turned back. "Hey wait a minute."

"What?" She said as she had her door open.

"Let me take you out tomorrow."

"Aren't you tired of me turning you down?"

"No I'm serious, and it doesn't even need to be a date."

"I still like my pizza idea."

"Here me out, we both dress up all fancy and I'll get a reservation somewhere nice and we can just go as friends, and hell if you meet a guy I won't take it personally if you ditch me after dinner."

"I don't know."

"Come on, I promise I won't put any moves on you or anything, My treat, we'll just be 2 friends who shouldn't be alone on Valentines day."

"Ok fine, but just as friends."

"Deal, I'll pick you up at 6:00."

"Pick me up? Dude you live across the hall."

"You know what I mean."

"Ok, but if we end up at a fast food place I'm kicking you in the balls."

"Got it, no fast food, haha, see you tomorrow." He said with a smile before turning and heading for the elevator.

Robin stepped in to her apartment and dropped her coat before falling on her couch. She thought about her date with Jeff and wondered if it would be a mistake going out with him even if it was just as friends but the more she thought about it the more she considered cancelling on him but decided to sleep on it before making a decision.

---------------------------------------------

Jeff met up with his friends for a drink still a little excited that Robin agreed to spend Valentines day with him. The truth was he really liked her and had for years but could never convince her to give him a chance. Now even though he had a chance he was nervous because he didn't want to try to take advantage of her but he was hoping she would have a good time and give them a shot.

"Hey Jeff over here." said one of hi friends.

"Hey guys, how's it going?" He said sitting down in the booth with his pals before ordering a beer.

"So, look around, anyone you want to try to make your V-day conquest?" His friend said.

"Actually I have plans already."

"Really? No shit who?"

"Robin, from across the hall."

"Are you kidding me? She finally agreed to go out with you?"

"Well kinda, we're going out as friends but...... I dunno I'm gonna see what happens."

"Dude really? Well if it doesn't work out will you give up on her and move on? Many other fish out there."

"What do you mean give up?"

"You've been obsessing over her for years, its got to stop."

"I haven't been obsessing."

"Really? How many dates have you passed up because of her? You have to move on."

"I've dated plenty."

"You cancelled a date because she needed help putting together a coffee table. whenever she calls you drop everything and run to her and what has it gotten you?"

"A date for Valentines day apparently."

"Yeah but she has you totally friend zoned."

"I'm crazy about her ok, I just can't help it sometimes."

"I tell you what, if tomorrow goes great then awesome, I'm happy for you, but if it doesn't then you have to promise me you'll move on and get a real date with a girl who may actually like you."

"Ok fine, if tomorrow doesn't work out then I'll move on."

"Good, and we'll be there to make sure you do. Now drink up."

----------------------------------

Back on the roof what was once a small seed had grown from the size of an orange to the size of a melon as it soaked up all the water that had collected on the roof from the recent rain. Now it was looking for more moisture and a new form so it began sprouting small vines from underneath looking snaking out to explore its surroundings. It found a small metal vent and began sending its vines down in to the building below.

As they moved through the vent they found an opening in one of the apartments on the top floor before they stopped. It could sense something interesting nearby but could not locate it so it stopped and waited. While it waited it hooked on to the vent and began pulling its main body down the air shaft to keep it close by.

------------------------------

Robin was still up watching TV and eating popcorn until she realized it was almost 10:00pm and should probably get some sleep. She turned of the TV and headed to the bedroom and stopped before turning towards her closet. She looked inside to see what she had to wear in case she did go out with Jeff. She did want to look nice so she dug through until she found a nice black dress she hadn't worn in years.

She looked it over and remembered how it made her boobs look great and showed off her legs. She smiled to herself thinking this would be perfect to either show Jeff what he wasn't getting or some other guy what they could have. She hung it up on the door before getting ready for bed. She took off her pants as she usually slept in a t-shirt and panties. She climbed in to bed and turned off the light before trying to fall asleep. She stared at the dress for a little while starting to think she might actually have a good time tomorrow. It wasn't long until she finally fell asleep

While she slept she didn't realize that hiding inside the vent next to her bed was a small alien plant that had been waiting for her to fall asleep before it began extending its vines out towards her. They slithered across the floor before climbing up the side of the bed. They slipped under the blanket and moved closer to her before gently wrapping around her legs as more vines sprouted and began grabbing her all over. She was unaware of what was happening as on of the vines wiggled its way in to her nostrils and mouth sliding inside her. More vines began forcing themselves inside her through any hole they could fine. They slid in between her legs making her moan out slightly while she slept and explored her body reading her DNA and figuring out how to copy her before covering her and a slimy greenish clear liquid that started cocooning her.

As the shell began to harden the small sack of its body pulled itself out of the vent before it started growing again. It grew larger becoming until it became the size of a bean bag chair and something had begun moving around inside it as it grew. The large sack became still as it finished up the final details. Moments later the pod began to rip open as something was forcing its way out. And arm sprouted followed by another ripping the green skin apart pulling itself out before standing up as a slimy greenish liquid dripped off her body revealing a creature that looked exactly like Robin standing in her room while the real Robin remained cocooned and in a suspended state on the bed.

She looked around the room and down at Robin before she stretched and began examining her new body while her brain was still processing all of Robins memories. She looked over at the black dress hanging on the closet door and examined it more closely. She turned back towards the bed and picked up the cocoon containing her doppelganger and placed her in the closet so nobody would find her. She needed her to stay safe and alive or else she would lose her current form. The cocoon will keep her in a suspended state but also keep her alive.

She began to explore the apartment as she still processed Robins mind and began to know what she knew. She looked down at the slimy substance all over her before she went to in to the bathroom and examined the shower turning it on and climbing in rinsing off the slime on her body. She liked the water against her skin as she absorbed it in to herself. As good as the water was it was missing something that she needed. In this form she needed more nutrients and more than just water. She began to think about Jeff and about the plans Robin had made with him for the following evening. She then started making her own plans for him and a smile came across her face.

----------------------------

The next day Jeff woke up thinking about his date with with Robin that night. He was actually getting nervous thinking about it because he was afraid that he was either going to finally succeed in getting her to like him which frightened him or he was going to scare her off forever. 

He got up showered and headed off to work. He was surprised that he didn't run in to Robin in the hallway like he usually did which made him worry even more. He wondered if she was avoiding him now or if it was just a coincidence. He tried not think about it but it was still in the back of his mind all day. He was able to leave work a little early and grab some roses for her before he got home hoping it would earn him some points with her because even if she still didn't want to start dating him, every woman deserves flowers on Valentines day.

He got home and pulled out his nicest suit he owned. He looked at all the different Colognes he owned but ended up settling for some Axe body spray. He had made a reservation at a fancy Italian Restaurant he knew she loved not far from their building. 

Everything seemed perfect and he was ready to sweep her off her feet or at least give it his best shot. He looked at the clock and he still had an hour before heading over there and was trying to find a way to pass the time until then. He was pacing back and forth and was starting to sweat but he one he had to relax so had sat on his couch and turned on his TV. He did his best to distract himself but that hour seemed to go on forever. 

When the time finally came he adjusted his tie and grabbed the roses before finally walking out of his apartment. As he stepped out of the apartment his heart began to race but he took a deep breath. he stared at her door for probably a good solid minute before he finally worked up the nerve to knock. At first there was no response so he waited another few seconds before knocking again. He hid the flowers behind his back as he waited. Just when he started to think maybe she was going to blow him off the door opened in front of him and there she was.

He opened his mouth to say something but stopped when he saw her standing there wearing a tight little black dress that really showed off her curves. He was blown away by what he saw but something was was throwing him. She was not wearing any shows and he hair seemed disheveled, not messy but just hanging free. It actually looked very nice the way it was but he figured maybe she was still getting ready.

"Hi Robin, uh... these are for you." He said handing her the roses which she took and smiled before smelling them. "We still have time if you're not ready to go yet, i got us a table for 6:30 and....."

"Actually I had a different idea for the evening." She said opening the door wider and inviting him in.

He was a little confused and was also noticing that something seemed off about her. He wasn't sure what it was but something seemed very different about Robin all of a sudden. As he walked in he noticed a scent come across his nose that seemed to be coming from her. It was like nothing he ever smelled before but it was intoxicating. It also made him feel a little flushed and something was getting tighter in his pants.

"That is an amazing scent you have on, something new?" He asked.

"You noticed." She said looking back at him with a smirk as she headed for the bedroom opening the door and leaving it open as she disappeared from sight.

Jeff wasn't sure what was going on as he stood there in the living room. He wasn't sure if he was supposed to follow her or if he should wait where he was. The whole situation seemed strange and he knew something was off but he wasn't sure what it was. He finally took a few steps forward peaking in to the bedroom to try to see what she was doing. He inched closer and closer to the door before looking around the corner to see her laying on her bed smiling it him and motioning for him to come in.

"Woah, So are we still going out?" He asked getting a little nervous.

"I think we can have more fun here."

"Really? Oh I get it, you're just fucking with me aren't you? Ha ha very funny, you've made your point but I was serious about just going as friends if that's what you want."

"I think tonight..." she said standing back up and walking towards him. "We can be more than friends." She said planting a kiss on his lips before pulling away and licking her lips tasting him. "Yeah, that's what I want." She said before pulling him down on the bed on top of her and kissing him again.

"Woah what the....... I mean this is....... what's gotten in to you?" He managed to speak out between kisses. 

"Something wrong?"

"No, well I mean........ this isn't you?"

"Tonight it doesn't matter who I am, all that matters is what I want." She said before she spun him over and straddled him pinning him to the bed.

"Look Robin, as much as I..... I do want this, that's not why I asked you out tonight. I really like you and I want...."

She ignored him as she grabbed his shirt and pulled it open ripping our most of the buttons before pulling his coat and shirt off followed by his tie. She the grabbed his belt and hurried to open up his pants. Jeff was both confused and excited as she pulled his clothes. Something was still bothering him about this whole situation. Her scent was amazing as he pulled himself up towards her. He placed his hand on her cheek trying to get her attention for a moment.

"We don't have to do this..... like rush in I mean."

she stopped for a moment and smiled at him rubbing her face against his hand. His nostrils filled with the smell that he couldn't help but enjoy as it filled him with lust making him a little light headed. Whatever it was it was starting to make him a little more submissive as he suddenly didn't care about why this was happening or what had happened to her to make her act this way. All he cared about was having her and feeling her inside and out. He didn't even attempt to pull out the condom in his wallet.

"That's more like it," she said noticing the effect she was having on him.

He began kissing her and tasting the skin of her neck while she reached under his underwear getting a hold of his cock. Her fingers were like magic as she got him fully erect tickling his member. He slid up her skirt trying to pull off her dress only to see she was not wearing any underwear. She grabbed his wrist and pulled his hands off of her dress with a devilish smile on her face before she grabbed her dress and ripped it off with one quick pull.

"Holy shit." He said seeing her full naked glory in front of him. 

Before he could say anything else she grabbed his cock and it slid it inside her. Jeff moaned out as her pussy hugged his cock making him squirm. She felt amazing like her pussy was filled massage oil as she started moving her hips milking his eager member.

"Oh fuck!" He said as she bounced up and down on him.

Her pussy tightened around his cock making him moan as she continued to fuck him. He wasn't sure what was happening as the room seemed to spin a little. His cock felt amazing like he could blow his load any second though he was trying his best not too but it was getting more and more difficult. Soon he couldn't hold on much longer and his cock erupted inside her filling her with his cum in an amazing orgasm that made yell out his pleasure.

Robin pulled in his cum absorbing it in to her as she realized this was what she needed. The moisture mixed with the salt seemed to be everything her body needed. She was also a little surprised at the feeling that had started building between her legs before he squirted his juices in to her. It had felt very pleasurable and even his sweat tasted amazing as she absorbed it through her skin while it poured off of his.

"Oh my god, that was amazing. Sorry It ended so soon though." He said looking up at her who seemed to have enjoyed it as much as he did.

"That's fine, besides who said we were done yet?" She replied before she began moving her hips again.

"Woah wait a minute, I don't know if I can......" he stopped when he noticed how great his cock felt inside her. He had just blown a load but her motions still felt amazing as he started moaning again.

She started moving faster as she realized that not only did his fluids tasted great but this whole process was also very pleasurable. This was it's first time in human form and was amazed at the incredible sensation building between her legs with his cock inside her. She began to moan as well experiencing orgasmic delight for the first time in her existence.

It didn't take long for Jeff to cum again spraying more of his seed inside her. He enjoyed the sensation but she never stopped and continued to milk his cock between her legs as her orgasm built. Her womanly juices were keeping his cock stimulated and pain free as she continued her assault on him. He soon got to the point where he was starting to feel weak but all he could feel was pleasure.

He orgasmed again and again shooting more and more in to her until he became so weak and dehydrated he passed out. She didn't even notice he was out when she finally had a full orgasm which made her scream out with passion as her pussy quivered and filled her with a pleasure she didn't know existed.

She enjoyed the sensation for a few moments before she looked down at Jeff who was so dried out he was barely alive but was still breathing. She smiled at her work before climbing off his lap still enjoying the sensation this body was giving her. She thought for a moment about leaving him there to die but with Robins memories rattling around in her head she decided to let him live. Maybe even let him heal so she could feed offf of him again later. She filled a glass with water from the sink an forced it down his throat to make sure he didn't die from dehydration.
