 I was at work, and Michele went to the walk in movie at 6:00 PM. After the movie, she came out the front door. It was dark since the sun was now down. She was going to go towards her car, when she heard someone to her left say something. She saw a guy standing down at the other end of the building by the alley. She looked at him, and he asked her to come over there because he needed some help. Michele said ok and started to walk towards him. When she did, he started to back up down the alley till he was almost in the dark. Michele got to the edge of the building and alley. She looked down the alley and saw him going into the darkness. He motioned for her to follow him. She walked down the alley till she got to where he was. She asked him what could she help him with. She saw that he was tall, had red hair, and a red goatee. He was well dressed also so she knew he wasn't a bum, and she wasn't afraid.

She looked at his face, then his eyes. He was staring at her, and she stared back. He started to hypnotize her, and soon she was under his spell. He backed further into the darkness, and she followed him, totally under his control. Soon they were completely in the darkness of the alley, unable to be seen by anyone. As she stood there in the dark with him, he commanded her by thought to put her hands by her sides. When she moved her hands down and had them by her sides, he moved in closer and directly in front of her. He reached up with both of his hands and unbuttoned the top button of her shirt. He then pulled open her shirt and exposed her chest and the top of her bra. I could see that she was wearing her white bra that pushed her tits up. He looked down at her exposed chest, then up again into her eyes.

She seemed to know what he wanted, because without saying a word, she expanded her lungs to make her chest stick out more, and thrust it out towards him. It looked like her tits were going to spill out of the top of her bra. He watched her as she did what he commanded, and then moved in closer to her. He then turned his head to the left, and laid his ear on her exposed chest. He held his head there quite a while, then stood up to face her. He still had the top of her shirt pulled open. He looked down again at her chest, moved his eyes up to her neck, then up to her eyes again. Michele stared into his eyes, then reached up and brushed her hair back away from the left side of her neck. She tilted her head to the right, exposing her neck to him. I then saw him start to move his lips towards her neck. I saw him open his mouth, and saw that he had fangs. He then bit into Michele's neck and wrapped his arms around her.

I saw her hands slide up from her sides, reach up, and wrap around his back. While he was biting her, she rubbed up and down his back as to encourage him to continue. They stayed locked together for awhile. I could see him sucking in when he drew blood from her. When he pulled back, I could see the two holes on her neck, and a little blood dripping from the wound. He looked into Michele's eyes again, then bent his face towards her neck and used his tongue to wipe the blood away from her neck. He commanded Michele to button up her shirt, and she reached up and buttoned the button. He then said something to her in a real low voice, then disappeared into the dark. Michele then came out of his spell, walked to her car, got in, and drove home.

The next thing I saw was the next night. I wasn't home, and Michele was going to get her shower. She walked into the bedroom and closed the door. She went into the bathroom and opened the window so it wouldn't get stuffy in there when she took her shower. She left the bathroom, and walked into the bedroom to take off her clothes. She took off her shoes and socks, then threw her socks into the hamper. She then reached up to unbutton her pants. While she was throwing her socks into the hamper, I saw a misty type of smoke start to filter into the bathroom through the window screen. As she was just about to unbutton the top button of her jeans, the guy from the alley materialized in the bathroom and walked into the bedroom. Michele saw him enter the bedroom and was startled at first, till she looked into his eyes. He quickly put her under his spell again.

He again commanded her to put her hands on her sides. She dropped her hands away from the button on her jeans, and down to her sides. He walked towards her till he was standing directly in front of her. He stared deep into her eyes. He reached up with his hands and unbuttoned the top button of her shirt. He then trailed his hands down to the second button and unbuttoned that also. He opened up her shirt and exposed her chest and the entire front of her bra. She was wearing her light brown see through bra. You could see all her tits, to include her nipples. Her nipples were hard, and she was breathing real funny. Her breaths were coming in short gasps, which made her tits jiggle and bounce. He looked at her tits, and watched as they jiggled.

Then Michele acted as if on his command to expand her chest and push it out towards him. He watched as she offered herself to him. Her tits were thrust out and her lungs were fully expanded. The brown bra also pushed her tits up, so when she expanded her chest, it looked like her tits were about to spill out of this bra also. She really looked like she was trying to entice him to take her bra off. He looked down at her chest and saw her heaving breasts. Then, while holding her shirt open, he turned his head to the left and again laid his ear on her exposed chest. With her tits expanded and pushed up like they were, his cheek came to rest on top of her cool creamy flesh. He kept his ear to her chest for quite a while. Then he removed his head from her chest, and stood to face her. He held her shirt open, stared at her chest, then to her neck, then up to her eyes, and looked deep into them. Michele moved her hand up and brushed back the hair from the left side of her neck.

She tilted her head to the right, exposing her neck to him. He looked down and saw where the holes were where he bit her before. He moved his lips towards her neck, opened his mouth, sunk his fangs into Michele's neck, and wrapped his arms around her. She reached up and wrapped her arms around him, rubbed up and down his back, and moaned. They stayed locked together for awhile, then he pulled back. I saw the two holes in her neck reopened, and again a small amount of blood was coming from the wound. Again he bent his face down and licked the blood from her neck with his tongue. I heard him then tell her that he wasn't going to change her into a vampire. He would only take enough blood from her to quench his thirst, and that would be replenished by the next night. He said he didn't want to change her because he wanted to have her company, and besides he had other plans. He commanded her to button up her shirt again. She did as he commanded. Then I heard him tell her that he would see her again soon, and then he turned into mist and went back out the bathroom window.

She came out of his spell slower this time, but showed no idea he was even there. The next thing I saw was Michele waking up the next morning to get dressed. She put on her white bikini panties, jeans, socks and shoes. She then got her blue and white checkered button down shirt. She put that on and no bra. The day went on, soon it was night and time for her to get her shower. Again she walked into the bedroom and closed the door. She went into the bathroom and opened the window again. She then went in to the bedroom and took off her socks and shoes. While she was taking off her shoes and socks, I saw the same misty smoke come in through the screen in the bathroom window and he materialized in the bathroom. She threw her socks into the hamper, then turned to go to the closet to take off the rest of her clothes. When she turned, she saw him standing in the middle of the room. She gasped, but was again under his spell almost immediately. This time he didn't have to tell her to drop her hands. She immediately put her hands to her sides. He stepped towards her till he was right in front of her.

He looked deep into her eyes, reached up with both of his hands, and unbuttoned the top button of her shirt. His hands slid down and unbuttoned the second button of her shirt, and then he slid his hands down to the third button and unbuttoned that also. He then slowly opened her shirt to expose the top of her chest. When he opened her shirt further, he saw that she was not wearing a bra. She was breathing really fast, and her chest was heaving. Her tits were practically bouncing from her heavy breathing, and her nipples were long and hard. He opened her shirt wider and stared as her tits were more exposed to his gaze. He looked at her tits for what seemed a long time and watched them heave up and down as she breathed. He then looked deep in her eyes again, and as by command, she drew in a deep breath and pushed out her chest at him. He looked down at her tits and watched as they grew firmer and rounder. Her nipples stuck out, and looked like they were at least an inch long. He started to move his head down as if her were about to suck on one of her nipples, but he then turned his head to the left and again laid his ear on her exposed chest.

This time his cheeks were making direct contact with her tits. She could feel his face on her tits, and it made her nipples grow longer and harder. He kept his ear to her chest a long time. He then removed his head from her chest, and stood up to face her. He held her shirt open wider, and looked at her tits again for a while. I saw while he was watching her tits bounce he licked his lips. He was really concentrating on her tits. I heard him say to her that she had nice breasts, and her nipples looked very inviting. Michele moaned when he said that. He then looked up to stare her in the eyes. Michele moved her hand up again, and brushed back the hair from the left side of her neck. She tilted her head to the right to expose her neck to him. He slowly moved his lips to her neck, but instead of biting her, he first started to kiss her neck around the area he had bit twice before.

Michele wrapped her arms around him and rubbed his back up and down. She started to breathe faster, and let out a long low moan. He then opened his mouth, and again bit into her neck. She breathed in deep and held her breath while he drank her blood. She continued to hug him and rub her hands up and down his back. When he was done, he pulled back and kissed her neck where he had just been sucking. He used his tongue to get the little drops of blood that were dripping from the holes. He then stood up and backed away from her a step. He was still holding her shirt open wide. Michele was breathing hard, her tits were swollen, her nipples were rock hard, and her chest was heaving. He commanded her to button her shirt, but before she did, he wanted her to play with her tits and pinch her nipples. Michele raised her hands up to her tits, and started to massage them, then knead them like small loves of bread. She closed her eyes and moaned. She then pinched her nipples hard and moaned louder. She moved one hand down between her legs and started to rub her pussy through her jeans.

She started to rub faster and harder, and pull on her nipple. All at once she groaned and stiffened. He could see that she was reaching orgasm. She shook and shuddered. When she stopped shaking and breathing hard, he commanded her to button up her shirt. She did as he commanded. He told her that he must see her again the next night. Michele said to him that she would be waiting. He then turned into a mist and rolled out of the open bathroom window. Michele came out of the trance. When she started to finish getting undressed, she noticed that the crotch of her panties were soaked and had leaked out to the crotch of her jeans. She also noticed that her tits were slightly sore and her nipples were tender. The only times they felt like this before is when I played with them and pinched her nipples hard. She finished undressing, got in the shower, and shaved her legs.

The next day Michele woke up and got dressed. She put on her pair of sheer white bikini panties that you could see through, socks, shoes, and her white cotton button down shirt with no bra. Since she shaved her legs the night before, she decided to wear shorts. The day seemed to drag on for her. Somewhere in her mind, she was thinking about what would happen tonight. She wasn't sure what it was, but she knew something would happen. Day turned into night, I was already at work, and Michele was going to get her shower. She got up, went into the bedroom and closed the door. She didn't immediately go into the bathroom and open the window though.

She took off her socks and shoes. Put her socks into the hamper. Then she took off her shorts. She had them in her hand when she went into the bathroom to open up the window. After opening the window, she went back into the bedroom and put her shorts on top of the hamper. She reached for the top button of her shirt, then turned to go to the closet to take off the rest of her clothes. When she turned, she saw him standing in the middle of the room. She drew in a deep breath, and looked into his eyes. She was immediately back under his spell. She dropped her hands away from her button, and slid them to her sides. He looked her up and down and saw that she had her pants off also. He stepped forward till he was standing right in front of her. He stared her in the eyes, reached up with both of his hands and unbuttoned the top button of her shirt.

He continued to look deep into her eyes while his hands slid down to the second button and unbuttoned it. His hands slid further down and unbuttoned the third button. Then, he slid his hands down and unbuttoned the forth and last button. He opened her shirt completely exposing the entire front of her for him to see. Her chest was heaving, her nipples were hard, and her tits were rounder and fuller. He looked at her body. He started with her tits, which seemed to have grown, and were fuller and rounder. He then let his eyes travel down to her stomach, then her hips, and then to her panties. He could see through them, and saw her pubic hair. It was a perfect V. He looked at her pubic area for awhile, then trailed his eyes back up. He watched as her chest heaved and her tits seemed to grow right in front of his eyes. Her nipples grew longer and stiffer while he watched them. Then she started to pant.

She was acting like she was in heat. He trailed his eyes up till he could look her in her eyes. When his eyes reached hers, he stared deep into them. She then expanded her lungs and thrust her chest out for him. He moved his lips to the top of her chest and kissed her there. He then moved his lips down to the top of her tits and kissed her there. It looked like he was going to move his lips to one of her nipples to suck on it, but he then turned his head to the left, and again laid his ear on her exposed chest. His face again was touching her tits. She felt this again, and it looked like her tits grew bigger, rounder, and her nipples grew longer and harder. He kept his ear to her chest for a long time, then pulled his head away so he could stand and face her. When he was standing in front of her, Michele looked down to see that he still had a hold of her shirt, and it was wide open. She watched her tits heave, and her nipples stick straight out.

She then looked up at his face and could see that he was smiling. Michele started to smile also. He stepped back one step, still holding Michele's shirt open, and looked Michele deep in the eyes again. Michele shrugged her shoulders back. He then slid Michele's shirt off her shoulders, down her arms, then off. He dropped the shirt on the floor to her side, then looked at her standing there with only her panties on. He stepped close to her. She was looking deep into his eyes when she felt his hands on her tits. He started to rub them, then squeeze them in his hands. He pinched and pulled on her nipples, which made them grow harder and longer. I could see Michele's face while he was doing this.

She had her eyes closed and her mouth open. She was panting short gasps, and started to moan softly. She felt him remove his hands from her tits, and then felt them slide down the front of her till they reached her panties. She felt his finger slide under the waistband, and slide down towards her pubic mound. When his fingers reached her pubic hair, he stopped his hand from sliding down any further because her legs were closed. He looked up again into her eyes. Michele could hear what he was saying, and did what she asked. She moved her right foot away from her left so her legs would open. As soon as they were parted wide, she felt his hand start to slide further down. She could soon feel his finger between her legs. I heard Michele moan when he slid his finger up and down the folds of her slit. He was checking to see how wet she was.

He found out quickly just how wet she was, and slipped his finger into her. She moaned loudly and shook from the beginnings of her orgasm. He started to finger her pussy fast and deep. Michele reached out and grabbed a hold of his crotch and started to rub his dick through his pants. Suddenly she stiffened and screamed out that she was cumming. She then sprayed his finger and hand with her hot pussy juices, and grabbed a hold of his now thick hard dick. He knew she was ready to fuck now, so he pulled his hand out of her panties. He then grabbed the waistband of her panties between his thumbs and fingers and peeled them down. She opened her eyes, looked down, and stepped out of them while he held them in place near the ground. He dropped her panties on top of her shirt. He then stood up, picked her up in his arms, and moved over to the bed.

He laid her down on the bed and lay down next to her so he was facing her. He looked her deeper in the eyes. She slid her hand up and brushed the hair away from the left side of her neck. She tilted her head to expose her neck to him. He bent his face forward till his lips were touching her neck. Michele braced herself for the feeling of his fangs biting into her. Instead she felt his lips lightly kissing her neck, then slowly trail up to her ear. He then moved his lips to her face and kissed her cheek, then slid them over to put them on her lips. He kissed her long and hard on her lips and slid his tongue into her waiting open mouth. They kissed for a long time. They kissed each other's lips, necks, and ears. He then pulled away from her, reached up with his hands and pulled his shirt open and off. He faced her again, and looked into her eyes.

Michele slightly came out of his spell, just enough to speak to him. She asked him why he laid his head on her chest right before he bit her on the neck, and why didn't he bite her this time. He told her in a soft voice that he was listening to her heartbeat. He told her that humans had four different heartbeats. One was a normal heartbeat, the second was one when they were scared, the third was when they were anxious, and the fourth was when they were preparing for sex and are passionate. He went on to tell her that the first time in the alley, when he unbuttoned her top button, he listened to her heart to see if she was strong. He heard her heartbeat, knew that she was, and it was beating normal because she wasn't afraid. He said the second time when he unbuttoned two buttons and listened, he heard her heartbeat and it was elevated like she was scared. He then told her that the third time when he unbuttoned three buttons, exposed her naked chest, and listened, even though her nipples were hard, he heard her heartbeat, and it was elevated like she was anxious. He said this time when he unbuttoned all four buttons, and totally exposed her naked front to him, he saw her breasts had grown fuller, rounder, and her nipples were very hard. He told her that when he put his ear to her chest and listened, he heard her heartbeat and found that it was beating passionately. He knew that she was ready for sex, and wanted to have it.
