 It's pitch black. My cigarette is the only light source. I flick my lighter. Light. Dark. Light. Dark. I feel a sense of empowerment from such a simple thing. I smile as I breathe out smoke, and put out my cigarette on the wall. I head back inside the club.

I see the dancers pressed together on the dance floor. Some drunken idiots are upsetting a group of girls, pressing their nasty cocks up against them through their too tight jeans, their grubby fingers grabbing the girls clothes, trying to pull them closer. One girl scours, reaching her hand back as if to slap the man who's grabbed her.

A sharp shake stops her hand mid-flight. She groans lightly, lowering her hand. The music blasts out over the dancers, enveloping the room in heavy bass, the strobe lights throwing out shadows that fly around the room. People move and sway rhythmically to the beat whilst bouncers stand guard at the exits.

The DJ looks at me, and I nod. Within seconds, there's liquid and smoke streaming from the ceiling and walls. The party-goers call out their excitement as they're cloaked in smoke and drenched in fluid.

It takes a moment for them to realize what the liquid is, and then the screams start.

I can see the drunken idiots at the side of the dance floor, their cocks still raging despite the fact that they are now the ones being preyed upon. I nod at the girls, who take a chunk out of the lads necks savagely, hunger evident in their eyes.

More screams. It gives me a headache. Why must they always scream? It's so pointless.

I look at the bouncers, who are busy ushering people towards the dance floor. Nobody escapes tonight. Nobody ever escapes.

I look down at the insolent fools running around like headless chickens, looking for some kind of savior through the smoke. I shake my head in disgust and leave the dance area through a secret side door. I tell my bodyguards not to let anyone get away, not that they ever do, and to bring me a tasty snack after the affair is over.

**

College life is really dull.

Classes start, teachers drone, classes end. Coursework starts. Repeat.

I sit in the back of the Psychology Lab painting my finger nails the deep red I love so much.

Of course I don't take notes. Notes are for the weak.

The scrubby, half-baked tutor speaks nasally about the human mind. Boring.

I hear my name suddenly, and I answer without lifting my head.

"The chi-square value of the table on the board equals 6.46."

The tutor takes a step back, obviously too impressed to stifle his shock.

"And... And how do you show that?" He asks. Bastard. Why must he test me?

"Why don't I write it on the board for you?" I ask condescendingly, standing.

"Right, the table equals 6.46, therefore the table would be represented as follows..." I write the equation on the board. 

X2(1,N=40)=6.46, p= .011

I hand the pen back to the tutor and take my seat.

"Nice one, Roxanne!" Says the boy next to me. He's been crushing on me since the first day I entered this damn class.

"You really showed him!" He continues, obviously oblivious that his nodding his head like a bobbing dog. I smile as nicely as I can manage, which causes him to gasp and his face to go bright red.

I shrug noncommittally and figure what the hell?

"So, what you doing tonight?" I ask him halfheartedly. 

He looks at me as though he's not sure I'm talking to him. I refrain from rolling my eyes and gesture for him to answer. He gulps.

"Uh... Not much. Studying probably."

Of course, nerdy types.

"Not going out with your mates?" I inquire, looking sideways at him.

"Ch... Nah, don't have many friends. I just study and keep my head down."

Boring.

"Wanna come to a club?" I ask him, actually giving him my full on attention for the first time.

"A club?"

"Yeah. With a DJ and dancing and alcohol..." I prompt.

"Uh, gee, I don't know. I'm kinda..."

I cut him off. "I'd be your date."

He blushes deeper, almost matching my nail varnish.

"Okay." He whispers.

"Perfect! I'll meet you at the college library at eight-thirty. Don't be late!" I say cheerily, before getting up and walking out of the classroom, halfway through the lecture.

**

That night I dress in red, my signature colour, and head towards the library. It's eight-forty five. I always make people wait for me. I see the boy standing by the window, his eyes looking frantically from left to right before landing on me and widening with admiration.

I smile. I've always enjoyed the way men look at me. The way they show their lust so plainly on their faces. I see the tightening of his jeans around his semi-hard penis, and smile wider.

"You look nice." I say, surprising myself by realizing that I actually mean it.

"Uh, thanks. You look beautiful. I wasn't sure if I should bring you a gift, so I made you this..." He says shyly, handing me a CD.

"What's this?" I ask, turning the case this way and that.

"It's a CD of tracks I thought you might like. I know I don't know you that well, at least not as friends, but I've heard the music you listen to in Psychology sometimes, and figured you might want a listen to this..." He stammers, second guessing himself.

"That's... sweet. Thank you." I say, putting the CD in my clutch bag. "Ready to go?"

We make it to the club by half nine. The bouncers see me and bow, opening the rope to allow us access to the club.

"Thanks, Charlie." I purr as I escort my guest inside.

"It's my pleasure, ma'am." The bouncer replies, a wicked smile forming on his face.

The club is already bustling. The music is pumping and the atmosphere is electric. The boy next to me whistles under his breath as he takes in the scene.

"Impressive, isn't it?" I ask, not really asking.

He nods anyway, then seems to remember he's on a 'date'.

"Want a drink?" He shouts.

I nod my head and he takes off into the crowd to find the bar. I head upstairs to the covered balcony and find my usual table. I sit down, watching the boy worm his way through the dance floor towards the bar.

He's a funny little boy, it's a pity.

I sigh inwardly as one of the bouncers comes up to me and bows.

"Ma'am, perimeters are in place. People are queuing to get inside. Once they've passed the drugs and weapons test, we'll shut the doors."

I nod and he leaves.

My date looks up and notices me. He stumbles his way up the stairs to my table and places a glass of red wine on the table. Not bad, boy.

He sits opposite me and takes a drink of his beer. I look at him. He's young, but of course, we all are in a way. He still has babyish features: rounded cheeks, dimples, freckles, large brown eyes and a floppy fringe. He's a little chubby, but muscly, and he's fairly tall. He'd make a good bodyguard, given a decent haircut. I smile at that thought and get the attention of one of the club bouncers.

I whisper in to his ear and he nods his understanding before leaving.

A few minutes later he returns.

"Let's go somewhere a little more private." I say.

My date scrunches his eyes, trying to lip read. I stand and grab my glass from the table, motioning for him to follow. He catches on and grabs his beer before standing up.

**

The room is quite large. It's only access is the heavy oak door that leads to the passageway. A big man stands just inside the door, his hands crossed in front of him. He glowers at the visitor.

"Doug, please wait outside." I order. The big man bows and leaves, closing the heavy door behind him.

"Wow, this is cool..." The boy says, taking in the satin drapes, the candelabra hanging from the ceiling, the big, dark oak bed at the far end of the room.

I shrug. "It serves its purpose, I suppose." I say, taking a sip of my wine.

My date turns to look at me, awestruck.

"How did you get those big guys to let us in here?" He asks, sitting on the small chaise-longue that occupies the center of the room.

I shrug again. "I own this club."

The boy does a double-take. "What?"

I take another sip of my wine before placing the glass down on the mini-bar.

I remove my dark cloak and hang it in the small wardrobe by the door. My dress just long enough to cover my butt, allowing full view of my long legs and heels. I hear my date's heart skip a beat and I smile again.

I turn to look at him, and I can hear his heart thumping wildly in his chest. His eyes are absorbing every inch of my semi-naked body. The plunging neckline of my dress leaves very little to the imagination, and he's quite obviously appreciating that fact. I see his cock twitch, and he adjusts his position on the sofa to accommodate the discomfort.

I sidle over to him and sit delicately next to him, laying my hand on his knee. He gulps.

"I'm sorry to have to ask, after being in a class with you for so long, but please, remind me of your name." I say, trying to look abashed.

"Oh, it's Austin." He answers easily.

"Austin? That's a nice name." I purr, leaning towards him.

He gulps again, and maneuvers himself to create more space between us. I frown.

"Do you like me, Austin?"

He nods.

"Don't you want to kiss me?"

"Y...Yes..."

"Then why don't you?"

Austin clears his throat before turning towards me.

"Roxanne, you know I like you. I've liked you for ages. But... I dunno, why do you have an interest in me all of a sudden? You didn't even know my name!"

I bristle. Of course, he's right. But so what? My 'interest' in him is not important.

I giggle.

"I wanted to get to know you, silly! Don't forget, you haven't spoken to me before today! Am I supposed to be psychic or something?" I ask, feigning ignorance.

Austin considers this for a moment, then shrugs.

"Guess not."

I lean towards him again, my face mere inches away from his. His nostrils flare and his pupils dilate. His cheeks blush and sweat forms on his forehead. He gulps loudly and licks his lips.

I brush my mouth against his softly, and I hear his breath halt. He's completely immobilized. I plant a soft kiss on his lips, and another, and another.

Soon, he seems to regain his composure, and he begins kissing me back, his hands touching my arms. I lean in further, deepening the kiss. I push my tongue inside his mouth and begin massaging his. He groans gently and reciprocates, using his tongue to wrestle mine.

My hands slide up his legs, towards his manhood. I feel it getting bigger underneath his constricting jeans. I undo the button and pull down the zip. His erection evident inside his boxers.

I pull away and stand. I unzip my dress and it falls to the floor, revealing my naked body.

Austin's eyes widen further as he takes in every inch of my porcelain skin, my long blonde hair, my piercing blue eyes. Suddenly he's standing, removing his shirt and pulling down his jeans and boxers. He kisses me again, urgent. Wanton. Needing.

I reciprocate.

We make our way over to the bed. I push him down, his cock rock solid in front of me.

I kneel on the bed over him, kissing him again. I feel his cock throbbing against my leg, and I brush against it gently, making him gasp. I smile wickedly and start trailing kisses over his body. I feel the boy tense below me, his cock on high alert and his senses tingling. His hands feel warm as they caress my skin. He flips me over so he's hovering between my legs. Austin's face is flushed and he looks nervous. I touch his cheek softly to encourage him, and he kisses me softly. So softly that had I got a heart, I know it would be thumping. I feel his mouth trail kisses along my jaw, down my neck, over my arms. He doesn't go for the usual spots, like my breasts. Instead, he focuses his attention on the rest of me. He places gentle kisses on each of my palms, then each of my fingers. He kisses the crease of my elbows and my shoulders. He kisses the nape of my neck, and french kisses my sides. I can feel myself becoming stimulated in a way that I never have.

By the time he's got to my feet, I'm melting on the bed. I can feel my pussy clenching each time he kisses my skin, and I relish in it. I groan softly, but I know it's loud enough for him to hear. I feel him smile as he continues his sweet assault on my body.

He trails his kisses back up my body, kissing, nipping, licking softly until he reaches my mouth, where he french kisses me fervently. I kiss him back, harder than I intend to, and I feel him groan loudly in to my mouth as his dick throbs to the point of pain.

Finally, his hands touch my breasts. Oh Shit, they feel so good. He squeezes them so gently, before planting soft kisses on each. He sucks on my now erect nipples, making me groan again.

My pussy is soaked.

"Touch me, Austin!" I breathe.

He smiles again, touching every inch of my body before placing his glorious hand over my pussy. I whimper. I have never wanted anyone the way I want him right now.

He gulps, then softly inserts his finger inside the folds of my pussy. I gasp, loud, my head tilting back.

"Wow." I hear him whisper in admiration, and suddenly he needs me as much as I need him.

His fingers enter my vagina and he finger fucks me with such passion I think I might explode.

I open my legs as wide as they'll go, allowing him to see every part of my sweet, juicy pussy.

He groans softly, and fucks me with his fingers faster and harder. I scream as I squirt over them.

"Fucking hell!" He exclaims, before kneeling down between my legs and licking me out.

I don't know what I was expecting from this boy, but I was not expecting this! His hands and mouth excite me in a way that I didn't think was possible. He licks my pussy clean, then finds my clit and sucks it as hard as he can. He nips, licks and sucks until I feel myself cumming. I moan loudly to him that I'm about to cum, and he ups the pace, making me squirt and cum all over his face. I shiver violently underneath his expert touch, my body in complete meltdown.

This is when I realize that my fangs have grown. Nothing I can do about it. Nothing I want to do about it. This is what happens when my kind have intense orgasms.

I feel Austin move, and I close my mouth to hide the fangs.

He re positions himself, and I'm taken by surprise yet again by the sheer size of his throbbing cock being buried inside my tight vagina.

He kisses my mouth as he begins to thrust back and forth on top of me.

I feel his hot body and hear his grunts as he moves himself inside of me.

I match his rhythm easily, and we fuck in synchronization.

I feel myself beginning to climb again. I tell him. He ups the rhythm.

"I'm cumming! Austin! I'm cumming over your cock!" I cry, as I climax all over him.

"Oh, Roxanne!" He breathes in my ear, "I love you!"

This confession paralyzes me. He can't love me. Not me.

He calls out my name as he cums, his heavy load being shot inside my soaking wet, spent vagina.

He buries his face in to my neck and nuzzles it.

I've turned to stone beneath him.

**

A few hours pass, and Doug enters my chambers.

"Ma'am, we're waiting for you to give the order."

I sigh. Such an annoying job.

"Okay, I'll be right out."

Doug leaves.

After getting dressed, I make my way out to the main club. Party-goers are enjoying themselves dancing and drinking. One guy's really going for it on the dance floor. I giggle at his seventies moves. I head out in to the darkness to have a cigarette.

As I make my way back in, I see Austin looking around for me. I shake my head and rush over to him.

"What are you doing out here?"

"Looking for you. You disappeared on me."

"Just had an errand to run, I'll be back in a sec. Go back to the room, I'll meet you there."

"Uh, I kinda forgot the way..."

I sigh, dragging him back to the passageway. I wave at the DJ, who presses the button, which sets of the sprinklers and smoke machines.

I take Austin to my chambers before the screams begin.

It feels like only minutes before Doug knocks on my door. I open it an inch, glaring at him.

'What the hell do you think you're doing?'

He looks down at the unconscious girl in his arms.

'I can't! The boy is still here! What will he think?'

Doug shrugs.

"Everything okay?" I hear Austin call from the sofa.

"Of course. Just a girl that appears to have been drugged." I call back. "Bring her in, Doug."

I open the door wider to allow him access.

Doug comes in and places the girl down on the ruffled bed. Doug sniffs the air, then raises an eyebrow. Even without our sense of smell, the room reeks of sex.

That will be all, Douglas!

The big man bows and leaves, stifling a laugh.

"And get to the bottom of who drugged her!" I shout after him, attempting to keep up appearances.

I see Austin looking over the girl.

"Man, she looks rough. Wonder what drugs they gave her?"

I shrug, noncommittally, grabbing a drink from the mini bar.

"She'll wake up soon enough. Just leave her there."

"Shouldn't we call an ambulance or something?"

"Nah, Doug said it's not that serious. She just needs to sleep it off. Doug said he found her in the bathroom. And we have such a good drug-finding system, too." I say, shaking my head, trying to look disappointed.

Austin looks her over once more.

"Hey, what's that?" He asks.

Of course I know what he means, but I waltz over as though it's news.

"What?" I ask.

"That! There's marks on her wrists!"

"Oh yeah... Interesting... Maybe she cut herself as she fell in the toilet or something?"

"Maybe... Although, they look kinda like... bites..."

"Bites? Really? What kind of bites?"

"Vampire bites."

I burst out in fits of laughter.

"Vampire bites? Seriously?"

Austin blushes, looks at his feet.

"Well, okay, maybe a big spider or something?"

"Hmm, possible, I suppose. I'll tell the bouncers to keep an eye out."

Austin nods and moves back over to the couch.

I'm thirsty. Really thirsty.

I have to do something. Fast.

"You know what, Austin? You may be right! I think it is a spider bite! Which could mean she needs hospital care. Why don't you go and find one of my staff and tell them your theory? Maybe they could come check on her again, look for a spider or other victims?"

Austin stands and nods vehemently. He rushes out the door.

I know the others will have cleaned up by now, so there's no worry about him leaving. I'll just say the club closed early due to the girl.

As soon as the door is closed, I fly over to the girl on my bed.

Doug has chosen a pretty one. I take in her chiseled features, her long eye lashes, her purple eye shadow and pink lips, her dark hair with highlighted tips. I don't have time to play with her though. I know Austin will be back soon, even with the others delaying him, possibly looking for non-existent spiders.

I grab the girl by her hair, and pull her neck to the side, exposing the beautiful artery that thumps furiously at me underneath her soft skin. My teeth extend, my mouth opening wider than is humanly possible, and I bite down. The girl's body jerks reflexively under my brutish attack, before going limp. Her blood gushes from her severed neck, straight down my needy throat. I swallow gob fulls of it, relishing in the sweetness of her blood. Perhaps a little too sweet for my liking, but pure all the same. Obviously not a drinker or smoker. Healthy. Possibly even a virgin. Nice choice, Doug.

I finish quickly, leaving a shriveled corpse. I dispose of it by breaking it apart and shoving it in black bin liners before darting down the passageway to find one of my men. I see Charlie and he aids me in removing the dead body to the skips.

Austin returns not long after, looking utterly defeated.

"Couldn't find a spider. Doug kept me searching over the entire place. Hey, where'd the girl go?"

"Hmm? Oh, yes. She felt better. Apparently her boyfriend is quite kinky and they had a sex session in the toilets where she fell. That's what the marks were: handcuffs. She said he went to get aid after she slipped and hit her head, but hadn't came back. She went to find him."
