 This is a follow-up to the story I submitted for the Halloween writing contest, Vampire Encounter. A couple of people commented they would like to see a follow-up, so here it is! Enjoy!




Here I am again, Mary thought. She was sitting at the bar again, the same one she had been at Halloween night, minus the wench outfit. But one thing was the same. She felt like an idiot. Again. She still wasn't even sure what really had happened that night, or if it was all in her head. Although even her imagination wasn't that good.

She reached over and picked up her beer, sipping it, while looking around. It wasn't nearly as crowded as Halloween night, but it was busy, with a full dance floor, and the music pumping just as loudly. Tonight she was dressed more in her normal attire; Jeans and a pink blouse, with no threat of her chest falling out of her shirt. She set the bottle down on the bar with a clunk and sighed. What crazy thought had dragged her to this bar again, a week after Halloween, she didn't know, but she was leaving.

Mary stood up, threw some money on the bar for her drink along with a tip, and headed for the door. She took one last look around the club, and pushed the door open. She stepped out into the quiet, cold night, wrapping her arms around herself protectively. She looked toward her car in the parking lot, and then over to the alley. Unlike the previous night she had been here, tonight the moon shone brightly overhead, illuminating the world below.

She couldn't stop herself from braving the cold, and walking over to the alley. Slowly she stepped into the alley's entrance, looking around warily. Flashes of that night popped into her head. The night was silent, so her shoes clicking on the ground seemed to echo all around her. Halfway down the alley she stopped, suddenly feeling odd, the air hanging heavy. She turned slowly, expecting to see him, but no one was there. Mary shook her head, and walked back the way she had come, and straight to her car. This had been a mistake.

Twenty minutes later she pulled into her garage, shut off the car, and got out. She was thinking more and more that everything about that night had been an incredibly vivid dream. Even the dried cum on her thighs must have just been her own juices from coming during the dream. That must be it.

She stepped into the house from the attached garage door, shutting it. Before she could reach for the light, she heard him.

"Were you looking for me?"

Mary turned around, heart thumping in her chest. She felt movement to her right, and heard the light switch click on. It took a few seconds for her eyes adjust to the bright light, and then she saw him. He looked the same as Halloween night, dark hair and eyes, gorgeous. No cape now, just tight jeans and a snug black t-shirt. Mary's heart continued to pound, heartbeat speeding up, but not from fear.

He moved to stand in front of her, and tilted her chin up. His eyes bore into hers, and her cheeks flushed as the memories of the last time he had touched her raced across her mind.

"I saw you sitting at the bar tonight, but I wanted us to have a little more privacy."

"I, I felt you, when I went into the alley, didn't I?"

"Yes, but I wanted more than a quick fuck in the alley this time."

Mary's face flared hot pink at his bluntness. "How did you know where I live, how did you get in here?"

He smiled, and brushed the back of his hand against her cheek, causing Mary to close her eyes and shudder as pleasure coursed through her.

"Do you really need to ask that?"

Mary's eyes opened, and she knew everything about that night was true. Unconsciously she reached up to her neck, fingertips feeling a wound that wasn't there.

"That's right, you weren't dreaming. You know what I am."

"Vampire," she whispered.

"But you're not afraid?"

"I should be, but I'm not. You didn't hurt me before, why would you do it now?"

Instead of answering, he leaned over and kissed her, his lips firm, forceful. Mary's stomach fluttered strongly as her mouth opened and she felt his tongue touch hers. A stab of desire hit her so hard; it knocked the breath out of her. Then he pulled back, and she almost whimpered in response. Her body was on fire, and she didn't care who or what he was, she just needed him to touch her, to take her.

Still smiling, he took her hand and led her out of the kitchen and up the stairs. They stopped in front of her bedroom door.

"I need you to know that I'm not controlling you, I'm not in your head," he said softly. "Now you need to decide, and tell me, do you want this?"

Mary didn't hesitate. "Yes Devon."

Before she knew what was happening, they were in her bedroom, and he was kissing her, removing her clothes and carrying her to the bed. Then she was laying on the bed, naked, skin covered in goosebumps, waiting impatiently for his touch. In the dark she could hear rustling noises as he removed his clothes, and then she felt him lay next to her.

He brushed his hand against her neck, and she felt his lips on her skin, kissing the tender spot under her ear. His tongue flicked out, and her body shuddered. He stopped there, breath warm, and she knew he was waiting for her. Mary moved her hand to the back of his neck, softly pressing his face closer, silently letting him know what she wanted. Immediately there was a small pinprick of pain, than familiar warmth flowed over her. As he worked at her neck, she felt his hand move to her breast, cupping it, his thumb circling the hardening nipple.

He pulled away from her neck, and moved down her body, until his mouth captured the nipple point in his mouth. He suckled there while his hand shifted down to her wet slit. He rubbed her pussy up and down, easing open her outer lips, and sliding two fingers inside, where he began to move in and out.

Mary moaned in pleasure, her body completely open, and her hips thrust up to increase the pressure. Just as she neared orgasm, his hand moved away, and his lips left her breast. She sighed in disappointment. He moved away from her on the bed, and she reached for him. She felt his bent legs. He was on his knees, and she knew what he wanted, because she wanted it too.

She took his semi-hard shaft in one hand, cupped his balls with the other, and leaned over to take the tip of him into her warm mouth. She slowly, firmly began to stroke the base of his cock, while licking the tip of his mushroom head, tasting the precum leaking out. She opened her mouth widely enough to slip the entire head in, and began bobbing up and down in time with her hand stroking the opposite direction. He hardened fully under her touch, until she could barely fit her mouth around him. His hips pulled back and away.

"Get on your knees," he said hoarsely.

She smiled, licking her lips for a taste of him, and did as he asked, turning away from him on her knees. His hands were on her hips, and she spread her legs further apart. The tip of his cock pressed against her opening, and she was so wet already that he slipped easily inside. A moan escaped her as he filled her, pushing deeper and deeper until he felt the touch of his sac against her ass. He stopped for a moment, and she let herself slip away, only caring about the sensations overwhelming her.

He started pumping in and out, slowly and steadily. Underneath him, Mary could only whimper as the pressure built inside her. She reached a hand down and rubbed her swollen clit, as he sped up, holding firmly to her hips, pounding, pistoning his cock in and out, so fast it became a blur. Mary pushed back against him, needing him to fill her, take her, until she felt her body begin to spasm. She screamed out, mindless, as multiple climaxes rolled over her, pussy clenching around his throbbing cock.

As her pussy tightened on him, he pushed deep into the core of her one last time, and his seed pumped out, in a warm gush of fluid. Mary collapsed under him, exhausted and spent. He dropped alongside, facing her, his hand gently tracing the line of her hipbone, back and forth. They lay quietly for several minutes. When she felt him move away from her and sit on the edge of the bed, she reached over and flipped on the bedside light. She sat up and moved closer, her chest against his strong back, her arm around his waist, hand on his chest.

"Are you leaving?"

"That's what I should do," he answered quietly.

"Why? Don't you want to stay," Mary asked hesitantly. She was frightened by how much she didn't want him to go, and didn't know what she would do if he did.

He was silent, and reached up to hold her hand on his chest.

"I do, more than you could understand, but it's not that easy. You know what I am."

"Yes," she said, laying her cheek against his back. "I don't care. All I need to know is that you've made me feel more alive than I knew I could, and if you go now..."

He squeezed her hand, leaning back against her, silent for a few minutes. He let go of her hand and turned sideways, pushing her back on the bed. He lay on top of her, and she felt his cock harden against her stomach. He kissed her gently, and leaned in to whisper in her ear.

"I'm not going anywhere."

Mary smiled as he kissed her neck. She wrapped her arms around him, holding him closely. There would be no waking up alone this time.