 Thanks for all the comments from the first two chapters of the story, and the requests to continue. Here you go! Enjoy and let me know if you want me to keep Mary & Devon's story going! 

*

Mary reluctantly opened her eyes, trying to pull herself from the last vestiges of sleep. She yawned and turned on her side, reaching for Devon, but felt only empty sheets. She sat up quickly, suddenly completely alert and awake. Not again! She knew last night wasn't just a dream, it wasn't!

Just as she felt panic start to rise up inside her, the bedroom door swung open, and there he stood in the doorway.

"Morning sleepyhead. I thought you were never going to wake up."

Mary jumped up out of the bed and ran to him, wrapping her arms tightly around him, laying her head on his chest, afraid if she let go he would disappear. They stood still for several minutes, until Mary stepped back, looking up at him.

"I woke and you weren't there," she said softly.

"Sorry," he said, reaching over to stroke her cheek with his thumb. "I thought you would be hungry after last night, so I fixed you a little something. It's downstairs if you want."

Mary smiled. "You made me breakfast?"

"Well," he said shrugging, "since I don't eat myself, I'm not much of a cook, but I did run out and get you some doughnuts and coffee."

Mary let out a small laugh. "Thanks, but I think there's something else I need first," she said, licking her lips. She reached out and started pulling up his black t-shirt, leaning over to kiss the exposed skin. Devon just stood there, looking down at Mary; she began to kiss and lick his stomach, pulling the shirt up inch by inch, her mouth moving to where the fabric was. She continued the path up his chest to one of his nipples, which she sucked on gently, tongue swirling around the hardening nub.

Devon growled and pushed her back. He pulled off the shirt, quickly followed by his pants.

"Lay down."

Mary moved backwards to the bed, and laid back, arms over her head, warmth starting to move through her, body tingling waiting for his touch. Devon stood there in the doorway looking down at her, cock growing hard at the view of her naked and ready body. Mary looked over and reached out with a hand, beckoning him over with a wiggle of her finger.

He walked to the bed, and dropped to his knees, while reaching for her legs, pulling her to the edge. Mary's eyes closed in pleasure when she felt his lips softly kiss along the inside of her right thigh. He leisurely feathered kisses up to the center of her, teasing her, coming close to her aching pussy, and then moving back down. Just when Mary felt she couldn't take anymore, he blew warm breath across her pussy lips. Mary's hips thrust up in need, wanting more. Finally Devon moved in to flick his tongue across her swollen clit before sucking on it. He slid two fingers up and down her silky wet slit.

As his fingers sank into her drenched core, Mary moaned, continuing to push up against the building pressure. Devon's fingers started moving faster in and out as he sucked harder, bobbing his head in time with her movements.

"God yes, don't stop," Mary cried out, desperate for relief.

Mary's pussy clenched around his fingers buried deep inside her, and her hips thrust up one more time and stayed raised off the bed. She cried out his name as her climax rolled over her, and he felt her pussy squirt out over his hand and chin. He kept his fingers moving until Mary's orgasm completely finished, and she collapsed back on the bed, breathing hard.

Devon stood and moved onto the bed, lying next to her, his hand trailing up and down her stomach, causing goosebumps on Mary's skin. She turned her head to face him, and smiled peacefully. He leaned over and gently kissed her, pulling her against him. Neither spoke for several minutes.

Finally Mary pushed herself away from him, sitting up. Devon sat up as well, looking silently at her, waiting for her to speak, not wanting to rush her. But he couldn't stop himself from touching her, and he softly stroked her back.

When Mary spoke, her voice was quiet and sincere.

"We probably should talk about a few things, don't you think?"

Devon's hand dropped. "I'm sure you have some questions."

"I don't need any promises from you or anything; I just want to understand what we're doing."

"If I knew that, I would tell you. This is a first for me."

"You mean you never-"

"No, I've never stayed until the morning before. My life is a little too complicated to involve anyone else.

"But you did stay," Mary said softly, looking him directly in the eyes.

"I did, and can that be enough for now?"

She smiled, and moved to straddle him. She reached down between them, stroking his hard cock.

"This is definitely enough. For now."

Mary took his shaft in hand, and glided it back and forth on the outside of her pussy, then adjusted herself, and slid the head of his cock inside her. She moved down further, until he was all the way inside. Devon grabbed her by the waist and held her as she began rocking back and forth on him, pressure building, his balls full and heavy. Mary's clit was already so sensitive from Devon's eating her, she was working quickly toward another orgasm.

"That's it, fuck my cock," Devon grunted. He pulled her down hard on him, while pushing up with his own hips, burying himself deep inside her, and held her there as his cock started pumping his cum into her. Feeling his warm juices fill her set Mary off and she wrapped her arms around him, leaning in, her body shuddering in her own climax. She felt Devon's mouth on her neck, and the familiar sharp pain followed by a deep heat that spread through her, causing her orgasm to rise again, as he drank from her.

As his lips moved off her, Mary lifted her head up, looking into Devon's eyes.

"I think I'm ready for some breakfast now that you've had yours," she said.

"Here's a little appetizer," Devon said, leaning in to kiss her. As she felt his tongue press against her lips, she opened her mouth wider, and tasted the tangy metallic taste she remembered from Halloween. As a few drops of his blood dripped down her throat, Mary felt a sudden lightheadedness overwhelm her. Devon pulled back looking at her.

"Are you alright?"

She smiled. "I'm fine. You taste delicious," she said licking her lips.

"Glad you think so. I'll give you a little more when you're ready, but right now, I think you need something a little more substantial in your stomach," he said, helping her stand up.

"Okay, I'm going," she said heading toward the door. She was suddenly so hungry, those doughnuts sounded delicious.

"I'll be down in a minute," he said, watching her walk out the door.

He sat heavily on the bed, with a sigh. This felt so good, but he didn't know if he was making the right choice by staying. He hoped she wouldn't be sorry in the end. But right now, he was going to try to enjoy this. He stood and followed her.