 Mary was looking at her computer monitor, but didn't really see it. Her mind was elsewhere. She closed her eyes and leaned back in her chair, wrapping her arms around herself. She could practically feel Devon's hands touching her, his mouth on her neck.

A small sigh escaped her mouth, and she opened her eyes. God, she was getting so horny just thinking about him. She wiggled in the chair feeling a delicious pressure build between her thighs.

"That's it," she whispered. She shut her computer down, grabbed her purse, and headed out.

Twenty minutes later she pulled into her garage. As the garage door closed, she opened the door into her house, stepped in, and leaned back to close the door the door behind her. The house felt empty - he wasn't here. Mary set her purse and keys down on the counter.

Damn, she really needed him. Oh well, she thought to herself, she could take care of herself until he was there. She undressed right there in the kitchen, tossing her clothes on the counter, and walked toward the living room. She lay back on the couch, one hand behind her head, the other between her legs.

She was already wet from what she had been thinking about at the office. As her fingers trailed up and down her moist slit, she imagined it was Devon's strong hands touching her, and she moaned softly. Her fingers spread the outer lips, and she sank two fingers inside. She lowered her other hand to her clit and squeezed it between her fingers, feeling it swell under her touch. Her fingers inside her pussy moved faster in and out, as her breath grew ragged.

Mary's hips thrust up and she yelled out as she climaxed, her muscles all contracting. Body shaking, Mary lay on the couch, hands falling to her sides.

"That was beautiful."

Mary's head jerked up. Devon was sitting in the chair across from the couch.

"How long have you been there?"

"Long enough to see the good parts," he said smiling. He stood up and walked over to the couch. He leaned over and placed a gentle kiss on her mouth.

"Mmmm, that was nice," Mary said. "I've been waiting for your touch all day." She paused, then added, "Speaking of that, we haven't talked a lot of details, or talked much at all, but how can you be out during the day, without you know, burning up?" She felt silly even saying that.

He let out a small chuckle, and sat back on the floor next to the couch, hand brushing back and forth on her hip. "You read too much, I am not Dracula."

"Don't laugh at me," she said, playfully slapping him on the shoulder. "Then tell me what the truth is."

"There's not much to tell, other than most stuff written is just fiction. I'm not evil or descended from some ancient evil prince. I can go into a church, crosses don't bother me, and the sun doesn't kill me. I drink blood instead of eating food, and I've been alive for a long time, but I don't know if I'm actually immortal."

"Well, how old you, and how did you become a vampire, and-"

Devon held up a hand to stop her. "Whoa, hold up, take a breath." He smiled at her. "I don't know how I became a vampire exactly, but the last year I was fully human was 1964. I was 25 that year and pretty much living on the street."

"Why?"

"I had lived the perfect life for my parents, gone to college, was working in Marketing at a big company when I met this girl."

"Ah ha!"

"I know, so typical right? She was a real free spirit, sort of a hippie, and I fell really hard for her. Decided my uptight, conventional life wasn't what I wanted anymore, so I left it all behind, and followed her to a commune. We lived there for a few months, and then she took off following some band on the road. I was crushed at first, but decided I liked being free without any ties, so I stayed."

"So how did that lead to..."

"I was living on the street, wandering from one group to the next, and like everyone else in the circles I was hanging in, doing a lot of drugs, so a lot of that time is really...fuzzy," he chuckled. And when I say I don't know how I became a vampire, I mean it. I passed out after a pretty hard acid trip one night in the park, and when I woke up, I thought I was still tripping, because everything changed."

"How?"

Devon just smiled, starting off, remembering those first days. "I can't explain how we sense the world around us, there are no words to describe it." He looked back at her. "Basically my senses were all on overdrive, I could see things far away in the distance, sounds were beating in my ears all around me, and I was hungrier than I ever thought I could be." A shadow crossed his face.

"What is it?"

"I don't really want to talk about those first few years," he frowned. "I didn't really know what I was until I bumped into another vampire years later who taught me what I needed to know, and how to survive without hurting anyone. Before then I didn't have any control, and my hunger was everything."

Mary gently rubbed his shoulder, sensing his discomfort. She understood what he was saying, that he had probably done some bad things those first years, but didn't want him to re-live that, so changed the subject.

"So you look pretty good for a senior citizen," she said, rubbing her fingers through his dark hair.

A small smile appeared on his face. "Thanks, but I think I better show you that seniors know how to do it better."

He quickly stood, reached down to pick Mary up, and effortlessly threw her over his shoulder, carrying her upstairs to the bedroom. Once there he gently dropped her onto the bed and removed his clothes in the blink of an eye. He moved to stand in front of her, and Mary looked up at him lovingly, and with dizzying desire. With no prompting she leaned forward and took him into her mouth. He moaned, caressing the back of her head as she worked on his hardening cock, tongue rapidly moving around the large mushroom head. He enjoyed the pleasure of her mouth for a few minutes, but then pulled back from her, pushed her on her back on the bed, and grabbed her legs. She was still wet from masturbating, and he immediately pulled her to him and was inside her.

He thrust into her, steadily building the pressure for both of them. Hearing her low moans of passion as she moved toward another orgasm, turned him on so much, but he needed to be closer. He pulled out, and her eyes opened in surprise and need, but he quickly pushed her further back onto the bed, and immediately moved on top of her and pushed back in. She wrapped her legs around his back pulling him deep, and he leaned down to kiss Mary.

His tongue invaded her mouth and she responded by sucking his tongue and biting his lips. They were thrusting against each other trying to get deeper and deeper, when he started kissing her neck. Then he couldn't hold back anymore, and had to taste her sweetness.

The pain brought on a complete and overwhelming pleasure, and Mary screamed out, wildly thrashing her body against his, her juices squirting out and coating his penis buried deep inside her. Her vaginal walls squeezed his cock, and he moaned, his mouth pressed against her throat, teeth piercing her skin, as he gushed his load inside her.

They stayed like that for a few minutes, as he continued to drink from her, and then he pulled out of her body, and pulled her against him, both breathing hard, skin coated in perspiration. He could feel her heartbeat, slower than it should be.

Mary turned to face him, and he cupped her face with a hand, leaning over to place a gentle kiss on her lips.

"More," she whispered as he pulled away.

He looked into her eyes, knowing he was lost. No way could he walk away this time. He didn't know what the future held, but after all these years alone, he couldn't imagine another night alone, without her warm body pressed against him.

"Okay," he murmured, leaning in to kiss the tip of her ear, then down to her cheek, and then brushed her lips with his. His kiss deepened, and she could feel him bite down on his own tongue, harder than before. Warm, metallic-tinged moisture coated the inside of her mouth and she swallowed, and her tongue met his, craving more. He bit down on his tongue again, harder, and as the blood flowed out of him and into her, he hoped he was doing the right thing, but unable to stop.

He felt her fall unconscious under his touch, and he pulled back. She lay still, her eyes closed, a few drops of his blood on the corner of her mouth. He kissed the drops away, and stood up. He arranged her gently in the bed, her head on the pillow, and covered her with a blanket.

Devon pulled on his pants and moved to sit in the chair in the corner watching Mary's unmoving figure in the bed.

"Please let this work," he said quietly to the empty room. Then he just sat and waited.