 Devon sat unmoving, staring at the still figure on the bed. It had been twelve hours since they had made love and he had drained her and given her his blood. Nothing had happened yet, and he didn't dare leave in case she woke.

Why wasn't she waking up? Devon was terrified he had made an awful mistake, carried away in the moment. Instinct had taken over and it had felt right, but now, looking at her pale motionless form he wasn't so sure. And if she didn't stir soon... Well, he couldn't let himself even think of that.

He looked away toward the window, sighing deeply. It was light out now, but his thoughts were dark and jumbled.

A small sigh drew his attention back, and he stood and walked slowly over to the side of the bed, afraid to let himself hope. He looked down at her but saw no change. Maybe he had imagined it out of desperation. Then he saw her eyelids flutter and open slowly, looking directly in his eyes.

Before he could even process the relief that flowed through him, he leaned over and reached down, pulling Mary into a tight embrace. They remained like that for several minutes, his arms wrapped tightly around her. Finally, Devon forced himself to pull back, sitting on the bed next to her. Still touching her arm, he looked closely at her to make sure she was really alright.

"Geez, do I look that bad," Mary said, smiling slightly.

Devon felt the weight of the last several hours of waiting fall off his shoulders, and he couldn't stop himself from pulling her tightly against him again, his hand tangled in her soft hair. She had survived.

"I'm thirsty," Mary mumbled against his shoulder.

"Of course," Devon said, sitting back and holding out his arm to her. "This can hold you over for now."

Mary looked down at his forearm, a confused wrinkle on her forehead. "How..."

"Sorry," Devon said, shaking his head. "I forgot this doesn't come naturally at first." He pulled his arm back and up to his mouth. He bit down, and put his arm back out to her, wound open and ready for her.

Mary looked down at the blood on his wrist, and the scent caused a tingle through her whole body like she had never felt before. Instinctively she pulled the wrist up toward her mouth and flicked her tongue out to lick off some of the blood. She felt an odd tingling sensation as two knife-like fangs slid down from her gums, and she immediately sank her teeth into his wrist.

Devon's head fell back as a shudder of passion ran through his body like fire. Was this what it was like for Mary when he drank from her? The slight pain was mixed with overwhelming desire, hot and needy. He let her drink from him for a little longer, but then solid thoughts left him, and his urges took over.

He pulled his arm back, while pushing her back with the other arm. As her teeth pulled away from his skin, she felt them slide back up, and she moaned in disappointment. She wanted more, it felt like she would never be satisfied.

Devon stood up and pulled his jeans off, throwing them on the floor, and grabbed the sheet off Mary. He was on top of her, sliding into her with his throbbing cock, with no thought of anything but desire and need overwhelming him. He had to be buried inside her in that instant.

Mary moaned from deep inside her. She had thought she had achieved the greatest pleasure she could ever imagine with Devon already, but this... Devon's mouth was on hers, their tongues desperately touching, as overpowering sensations shook her throughout every pore. Their bodies melded together as one, her legs wrapped around his back, pulling him deeper.

As they thrust back and forth, their sighs and moans louder, pleasure building, Mary threw her head back and screamed out, climax rippling through her body. Devon followed, filling her with his seed as her pussy clamped down on his cock buried deeply inside her.

They lay entwined, breathing heavily and unmoving for several minutes, completely satiated. Finally, Devon flipped over onto his back, while Mary instinctively turned on her side against him, murmuring contentedly, hand laying across his chest.

He turned his head to gaze at her, his mate, his love. Her closed eyes opened slowly, dark brown eyes glistening, looking at him with amazement.

"Wow."

"Yeah," he said, "wow." He picked up her hand lying across his chest, brought it up to his mouth, and brushed a gentle kiss across her skin, and his hand holding hers laid back down on his chest. They lay quietly for some time, enjoying being together, bodies still thrumming from their lovemaking.

Devon turned on his side to face her, and softly ran his hand over the side of her face. He was in awe of this incredible woman beside him, her courage and beauty, and she was with him.

Mary smiled at him. "So where do we go from here?"