 Mary jiggled her crossed leg nervously, looking around the dark and crowded bar. The bar where she had first met Devon in fact. Suddenly the term "meat market" took on a whole new meaning considering what they were doing there.

Devon reached over and put a reassuring hand on her knee, leaning over toward her. "Relax, you'll be fine."

"Do we have to do this tonight," Mary said worriedly.

"Yes, we've already put this off too long, you need to know how to feed and stop yourself. If I'm ever not around-"

"Don't even say that," Mary said cutting him off.

Devon smiled and put his other hand on her cheek, softly caressing the skin. "I'm not going anywhere, I just need to know you can do this yourself. I will be there to make sure nothing happens. You'll be fine."

She shook her head, resolved to figuring this out and making him happy. "Okay, you're right, I need to do this," she paused. "And I am thirsty," she said biting her upper lip, a gleam in her eye.

"Alright, one thing to be aware of when you are hunting, you need to make sure you know if there are cameras and where they are. I know this place doesn't have any around or near the alley."

"Obviously," Mary said, smiling, remembering their first encounter in that alley.

He pulled her chin over and kissed her deeply, tongue flicking across hers. "I'll never forget it, that night changed everything," he said sincerely.

Mary felt her heart speed up and her nipples harden, and she kissed him back feeling the wetness grow between her legs.

Devon pushed her back in her chair. "We better stop this or we'll never get you fed. For now, anyway," he said with a sexy grin.

A small pout appeared on Mary's face. "Fine, let's get this over with so we can get out of here and I can feed on you all night long."

Devon smiled at her, warmth filling his chest. "Okay, look around. Do you see anyone you think will work?"

Mary casually looked around her. The bar was not very well lit, but she could see fine. Over in the corner she saw a young man, maybe in his mid-twenties, looking upset. He was nursing a beer and looking anxiously at his watch.

"Him," she said indicating the man with a shake of her head.

"Why?"

"He's alone, looks like he is waiting for someone who is late, and from the way he is dressed, I would say a woman."

"Good. Why don't you go over there. Just go with your instincts, talk to him, get him interested, and get him outside. When I see you head to the door, I'll follow. I'll be right there in case you need me." He leaned in to look directly in her eyes. "Just remember to feel his heart when you feed, listen to it, and stop before you take too much." 

She nodded, stood up, and adjusted her skirt. One quick look back at Devon, and a deep breath, and she walked over toward the man. He didn't notice her at first, staring down at his bottle, but when she put a soft hand on his arm, his head jerked up.

"Sorry to bother you, but I just wanted to make sure you were okay, you looked sad," Mary said, gazing at him with sympathetic eyes.

He stared at the beautiful woman in front of him with amazement. "I was waiting for someone, a blind date actually, but I don't think she's going to show," he said haltingly.

"Well," Mary said, her hand more firmly on his arm, "her loss," and smiled.

The stranger didn't know what hit him. He felt warm all over, comforted by her and feeling a sudden need to do anything she asked. He suddenly thought his night might be turning around.

"I really would like to talk to you some more, that is, if you want to," Mary said, licking her lip, "but it is so loud in here. Could we go outside and get some air?"

He stood right up, abandoning his beer, and as Mary led the way, holding onto his hand, he followed, feeling an unexplainable excitement. Once outside, she let go of his hand, turned to smile at him again, and beckoned him to follow, with a crook of her finger. He automatically started moving after her, down the alley beside the bar, never noticing someone else behind them.

He looked in front of him but didn't see where she had gone, the alley ahead of him lay in darkness. Then a hand reached out of the blackness, pulled him into the gloom, and he felt himself pushed against the wall. Immediately he felt her soft lips on his neck, and his cock hardened almost instantly, pushing out against his jeans.

Mary gently kissed the stranger's neck, brushing her lips against his skin, feeling his, goosebumps, as well as the obvious excitement from below. She paused, listening to the blood flow through his veins. She smiled against his exposed neck, feeling the pop as her teeth slid out and into him.

He tensed as the initial pain hit, then he relaxed, and a small sigh escaped his lips as pleasure took over. This was a rush she had never felt before, a stranger's warm blood tricking down her throat, the scent of it in her nose, it was intoxicating. She could easily lose herself in the sensations, but luckily, she felt Devon's presence nearby, keeping her balanced.

Her hand on his chest could feel his heartbeat speed up initially with excitement, along with his cock straining against his jeans, then it started to slow a bit, and she knew what that meant. She was able to pull her teeth out, fighting her instincts to keep drinking, give her tongue a little prick and lick the blood against the marks to heal them. She kissed his neck gently one more time, and whispered in his ear, "thank you". Then she focused, easily entering her thoughts. He would remember making out with a beautiful stranger in the alley, and that's all.

"Go home now," she said quietly against his ear. "Go home and sleep."

She stood back and watched him head away toward the parking lot and his car. Devon slid next to her.

"That was amazing, you had complete self-control."

"I did then," said Mary, her voice deep with desire. Drinking from him, feeling his arousal, had turned her on so much. "I don't anymore," she said pulling Devon against her.

Devon didn't hesitate, he was also burning after watching her drink from the strange man, knowing how turned on she had made her victim. He was hot with need. He kissed her, tongues battling, tasting her blood mixed with his. No need for foreplay or gentleness in this moment. He unzipped his jeans and pulled out his throbbing cock. Mary pulled her skirt up around her waist. Neither had bothered with underwear, and he picked her up by her waist as she wrapped her legs around him, he sank fully into her with one thrust.

This was his turn, and he buried his fangs into her neck to drink her perfumed blood, as he pounded in to her, hard and fast. The need between them was overwhelming. Her pussy walls tightened on his member as she came, wordless scream in her mouth, and he followed, shooting his full load deeply inside her.

He pulled back from her neck, and gently lowered her down, pushing her skirt back in place, and zipping himself up. Devon reached forward brought her into his arms, they stood there embracing for several minutes. Mary felt Devon's breath against her ear, and desire began to rear up in her already used pussy.

"Take me home, I think we need a little more privacy for what I want to do with you," she said heading toward the parking lot. 

He smiled and followed, knowing he would always follow wherever she lead.