 Mary stood up, looking around her at the boxes around her, all taped up and labeled. She wondered if it was silly of her to bother putting everything into storage. She didn't know if they would ever even be back here. But it felt like a necessary step to her moving on to the next phase of her life. A smile came over her as she felt him, before he even walked into the room.

"How's it going?" he said, sliding his arms around her, kissing the back of her neck.

Goosebumps appeared all over her body, and she leaned back into his strong chest.

"Well, if you distract me like this I'll never get done."

"I certainly wouldn't want to do that," he whispered against her ear, then flicked out his tongue on her earlobe, and his hands came up around her to cup her breasts in his hands.

She moaned, licking her lips as his fingers coaxed her nipples to hard points. A kiss on her neck quickly turned into his teeth sliding into her flesh. As he drank her sweet blood Mary felt the warm juices start to leak out of her pussy. As soon as he pulled out of her, Mary turned and pulled his mouth down to hers, tasting her own blood on his lips.

Then she dropped to her knees, smiling up at him with mischievous eyes. She slowly unzipped his jeans and yanked them down around his ankles. He looked down at her, as she leaned forward to lick up the length of his quickly hardening cock, and back down to pull the head into her mouth, sucking like a lollipop.

Devon unconsciously thrust his hips forward, and more of his dick slipped into her wet mouth. A guttural grunt escaped him as her hands came up to squeeze his firm balls. Mary pulled one hand away and pushed it into her jeans, down between her thighs, rubbing her pussy frantically in need, putting pressure on her swollen clit.

Her other hand moved from his balls to the base of his cock, pumping back and forth while her eager mouth took him in more deeply. She couldn't fully take him in, but managed almost half his length, while her tongue flicked around quickly inside her mouth around his flesh, and her hand rotated around the base. The spongy head became rock hard and ready to explode.

She sank three fingers deep inside, finger fucking herself, breathing deeper, body clenching in climax. As she moaned against his cock, vibrating up to the base, he couldn't hold back anymore, and pushed forward, spilling his seed in her hungry mouth. She swallowed as quickly as she could, but some leaked out the corner of her mouth.

His breathing slowed, and he reached down to help Mary up off her knees, pulling her into his arms and hugging her tightly. After a few minutes they pulled apart, and he kicked his jeans all the way off, and reached over to pick Mary up and toss her over his shoulder. She squealed in surprise.

"What are you doing?"

"We need to finish this upstairs. The packing can wait" he said smiling, and headed for the stairs.

Devon carried Mary up to the bedroom, where he quickly removed her clothes and got them out of the way and pulled his own shirt off. Mary crawled on the bed on all fours, looking back over her shoulder at him, licking her lips in anticipation as she saw he was hard again already, stiff cock standing out straight in front of his torso. He didn't waste any time, climbing on the bed behind her, spreading her legs further, and thrusting his manhood into her wet and welcoming pussy.

"Oh god yes," she moaned. "Don't play around, just fuck me!"

"Whatever you wish m'lady," he grunted, knowing now wasn't the time for gentleness or making love. They needed something rougher. He grabbed her waist firmly, fingers digging into her flesh, pain mixing with pleasure, and began fucking her hard and fast, taking her completely.

Mary pushed back against him, wanting it harder, deeper, needing him to claim her in every way. He leaned over her and pulled her up against him, hands cupping her breasts firmly to hold her in place, her back pressed against his hard chest, and he bit down hard, teeth sliding into her flesh.

Mary screamed out in pleasure as he drank from her and began thrusting hard against her prone form. She felt the heat build inside her and knew she couldn't hold out much longer. He felt her body tense nearing climax, and he drove deeply inside her one more time, as she cried out again, pushed over the edge. He felt her pussy muscles clench around his length inside her, and he filled her with his juices.

Devon withdrew from her neck and pussy, and led Mary down to lay next to him, arm curling around her prone form, as she started to drift off in exhausted pleasure. He closed his eyes, face buried against her sweet-smelling hair, and soon joined her in sleep.