 This story is a total fiction. It came from the imagination of the author. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental and was not the intent of the author. There are no persons in this story that are under 18 years old with the only exception of the farmers 12 year old son that was not involved in any acts of a sexual or violent nature. 

-----------------

The year is 1432 of the Christian calendar. I owned a small farm on the Hungarian plain. The harvest was in, and I was celebrating the event with a few of my friends in the village tavern. Not a thing I could afford very often but tonight was a special night. 

It had been a long, hot, dry summer and there were times it was doubtful there would be a harvest. After the King's taxes, there would be enough for my small family and I to survive another cold hard winter. This was all a poor peasant could ask for. Unless you were of noble birth, you could ask for little more. 

The night grew dark and since I had no horse I would have to walk the one and a half leagues to my farm. 

----------------------------

I finished my last pint of ale and bid goodnight to my friends and the tavern keeps. 

As I left the warmly lit tavern, I pulled my coat around me against the cold north wind that seemed to chill me to my bones. 

I walked at a brisk step. This helped to keep me warm as well as shorten the journey. The road was dark. It twisted and turned through the woods. All the leaves had fallen from the trees and what I could see held the cold look of death. There, twisted branches seemed to reach out and drag me down. There was no moon to light my path and even the stars failed me in the night mist. 

I had walked to about the half way point when I felt someone was following. I couldn't see or hear anyone but it was just a ghostly feeling that made me shiver. Not from the cold but from the strange feeling that tugged at my coat tail. 

I stopped in my tracks and listened but I could hear nothing. Feeling just a little silly, if not at ease, I walked on. I guess it is just the darkness of the night that made me imagine this ghostly tracker. 

I came to a path that led into the woods I knew would take some time off my journey. I knew this path well but I had only used it in the day time. Never on a dark night like this. There would be no light at all in the deep woods that the path passed through and I knew that if I lost the path it would extend my journey, not shorten it. Then still, there was that haunting feeling that I was not alone in these woods but that someone was following me. 

Once again I looked back the way I had come but still I could hear or see no one. 

I smiled to myself, telling myself, "Are you such a cowardly fool that you see what is not there to see? Show some courage and move along." 

I took one last look behind me and stepped out on the path through the woods. My pace slowed since I could not even see my boots carrying my body. It wasn't long before I had lost all sense of direction and I knew taking the path had been a mistake. I was so lost that I could not even turn back to the road. I didn't know by now in what direction lay the road. 

Having no choice, I could only plod on; hopefully I could somehow find my way. 

As I walked I could hear the twigs and leaves crack and snap under my feet. 

The mist grew thicker as I walked and that feeling was back that someone was out there in the mist following in my foot steps. 

Once again I stopped and listened. This time I heard the twigs snap behind me and knew something or someone was there.

"Hello," I called, "is someone there."

This time I was answered with soft laughter, a woman's laughter. Not the laughter of joy but this laugh was cruel and sinister. The laughter of the hunter who has its prey at her mercy. 

This caused the hair to stand up on the back of my neck. There was someone there. Not an animal, or at least not the kind of animal with four legs. No wolf or bear ever made a sound like I was hearing that moment.

I was overcome with panic I turned from the laughter and ran. I could not see my hand in front of my face but my fear seemed to give me wings. The tree branches whipped and cut my face but still I ran. The brambles grew up around me and tore my clothes. I ignored the cuts and scratches to my body and ran on, I stumbled and got to my feet running on ever deeper into the forest. Finally I ran head long into a rock or tree trunk, but whatever it was it knocked me out cold. 

-----------------------------

When I awoke, I felt a trickle of blood oozing from my fore head. I was gasping for breath. My head was still spinning when I sat up and looked around. There, about ten feet from my prostrate body was a patch of mist that seemed to glow with a light of its own. That same woman's laughter seemed to come from it. 

I was trembling with fear but I was too dazed and exhausted to run again. 

Slowly the woman's face appeared in the mist. It to seemed to glow. The skin was fair, almost chalk-white. Her hair was long and black, hanging straight down with no curls at all that I could see. Her lips were full and bright red. They were turned in a slight smile that projected no humor but a sinister smile of satisfaction all the same. The feature that held my soul, though, were her eyes. They seemed to burn with a fire that held me almost hypnotized by her gaze. I just could not look away.

The mist seemed to disappear around her but the soft glow remained so that I could plainly see her every feature and curve of her body. 

She was dressed in a black evening dress that shimmered with a light of its own. The dress was off the shoulders with a neckline that plunged to reveal the tops of her large breasts. The bodice narrowed down to reveal a very slim waist, then billowed out again in the style preferred by noble women for ball room dances. 

She looked at me and her smile broadened. When she moved toward me it seemed to my dazed brain that she floated rather then walked. Before I knew what was happening she was standing beside me looking down with a hunger in her eyes that terrified me even more than I was before, but at the same time, excited and aroused me. 

While she gazed down at me her fingers started to work on the front laces to her dress. She worked very slowly as if to tease me with her charms. At last, she loosened them all, and then she pushed the dress down to her hips, exposing her big luscious breasts. In spite of their large size, they didn't appear to have any sag at all, but stood proudly and erect, with her nipples coming to a sharp point. 

I tried but I just couldn't look away. My mouth was watering and my lust partly overcame my fear. Like a moth to the flame, I seemed to be drawn to my own doom. 

She seemed to sway back and forth like a serpent about to strike. She pushed her dress down over her slender hips and it fell around her feet. She wore nothing under her dress. She was totally naked standing over me. Licking her lips like a cat ready to enjoy her game before devouring her prey. To her I was nothing but sustenance......food. Before she put an end to me, though, she was going to enjoy her depraved sexual games. Only after she tired of her games would she sink her fangs into my throat and take my life force, leaving me an empty shell. 

She was the most beautiful woman my eyes had ever beheld. I was both terrified and at the same time longed to touch her soft smooth skin. Caress those firm breasts and suckle her nipples that stood out half an inch. 

She dropped to her knees beside me and looked over my male body as if to evaluate my potential to satisfy her twisted lusts. 

When she saw the bleeding gash on my forehead she showed her fangs and hissed. Reaching out her hand she dripped her finger in my flowing blood. Then drew the finger back to her mouth. Licking all the blood off her finger, she tilted her back and made a sound of pleasure, like she had just partaken of the nectar of the gods. 

Then she turned her attention to her more carnal desires. She ran her fingers down my torn coat that covered my chest. Suddenly she grabbed the coat and tore it open. She must have had the strength of a hundred men because the coat and shirt ripped apart like wet tissue paper and my upper body was completely exposed. Now she ran her hands over my broad chest. She played with my pectoral muscles, smiling when I twitched to her icy touch she was as cold as the dead. 

Then after a few minutes of playing with my chest, her attention shifter lower. She cooed when she spied the large bulge in my trousers. Her fingers stroked it through my trousers, measuring its length and girth. Again, just as she had done to my coat and shirt she ripped my trousers off my body and discarded the shredded remains. Then her icy fingers started again stroking my manhood. Cooing while she watched it grow harder and bigger. 

I was helpless under her expert attentions. All I could do was lay my head back and moan while she played with her new found toy. 

She was still stroking me when she bent over my body and I felt her breasts sliding back and forth across my face. Then they stopped moving and I felt one nipple pushing against my lips. 

I opened my lips and she pushed the nipple deep into my mouth. Then I started to suck on her breast; she made a contented mewing sound and continued to stroke my manhood. 

She seemed to be an expert on working a man this way, because she could bring me right to the peak of pleasure but never allowed me to climax. It became a sweet torture, but torture all the same. 

-------------------

After what seemed like hours, but I'm sure it was only a few minutes, she took the one breast away and replaced it with the other. She continued this, going back and forth on her breasts, never stopping her sweet torture of me with her expert fingers. After several repetitions she took her breast away.

Then this woman straddled my face and pushed her sexual organ into my mouth. She grabbed my hair and pulled painfully pushing herself down farther into my mouth. 

This sort of oral depravity was forbidden by the church, and the priests warned of eternal damnation if we engaged in such fornications . 

I tried to turn my head away but she held me fast by the hair. She ground herself ever deeper into my mouth. She reached down and slapped me and I cried out in pain. Knowing her great strength, I knew that she could easily crush my poor battered body to a pulp if I failed to please her. 

I had little choice if I ever wanted to get through this night with my life. I started to lick her slit.

Once more she cooed her pleasure and eased off on the force. Sliding her sex organ back and forth over my mouth She stroked my hair and showed her pleasure. A little button popped out at the top of her slit and I started to lick that as well. With this action she started to hump my mouth totally out of control. Suddenly she started to shudder and shake and with one last shriek she collapsed across my body, gasping for breath. 

I also was gasping for breath and lay beside her too weak to move. There was no hope of making my escape: it was like my arms and legs were nailed to the ground. 

-------------- 

After some time she began to stir. She turned toward me and reached over and stroked my manhood to life again. 

Her touch was almost magical, for almost as soon as she touched me, with her finger tips, I became painfully hard again. 

She crawled between my legs and smiled at me. She took me into her mouth. 

I had never experienced such intense pleasure in my life. I lay back and the tree branches above seemed to swirl around like they were caught in a giant vortex. This time also she kept me right at the peak of pleasure without allowing my release. 

I was totally torn by these feelings. On the one hand I wanted it to never end, but on the other my body and mind begged for the climax. 

I looked down into her face and her eyes told me that she was deriving her own intense pleasure from torturing me this way. 

Finally she let me slip from her mouth and slowly crawled up over my body. 

My manhood had grown to monstrous proportions. 

Her own sex organ was dripping when she impaled herself on me. She pressed her body against mine and started to swirl her hips on my manhood. Her large breasts were pressed into my chest and her face was only inches from my own.

I looked deep into her eyes and saw nothing. Her eyes were an empty pit. Soulless and dark. I knew then that her physical body was an empty shell. All that was left was dark and evil. She was an aberration that came to me from the deepest parts of Hell. Then I saw the very flames of Hell in her eyes. She opened her mouth and I saw the long sharp fangs, with saliva dripping from their sharp points. 

At last we both entered a bone shattering climax. We rutted like two swine, grunting and shrieking. My seed spilled into her body like water going over a great waterfall. I was empty and collapsed beneath her. 

Viciously she ripped into my throat and tore it open. 

"God save me from this creature out of the pits of Hell!!!!!!!"

 EPILOG 

The next morning when the farmers wife awoke she looked across the bed for her husband. He was not there. She got out of bed dressed and looked into the barn to see if he was there but still no sign of him. She knew that he had gone to the tavern in the village the night before but he had never stayed the entire night there before. 

She awoke their 12 year old son and instructed him to walk the road to the village and find his father. 

The bleary eyed boy got up, dressed and grabbed a biscuit from the larder. He started down the road toward the village. 

About half way to the village the boy spotted a naked body on the side of the road. The body was shriveled and dried up. It looked to the boy like a very old, old man. 

The boy returned to his mother and told her what he had seen. 

The village priest was called and when he examined the body he asked for the Lord's mercy on him but refused to allow the wretched soul to be buried in the holy ground of the church. 

The farmer was never found. No one believed that the dried up creature that was found on the side of the road could possibly be the farmer. Even his own wife did not recognize him. 

--------------------

I hope you enjoyed reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. Please be merciful in your criticisms, this is my first attempt at an erotic horror story. Love getting your letters though and I promise to answer each one personally. I do not believe in canned replies. If you take the time and trouble to write then the very least I can do is take the time to respond. Remember to vote please and for me to reply to your letters you must leave a return address. No one can see it but me.

Bye and kisses to all you lovely ladies.

B.B. 