 Slowly I awake, finding myself in a dark room with only the moon's light keeping the place lit. A strange scent moved through the air quickly, ungracefully dancing around my nose. It was a scent of death...rotten flesh and body fluid. My body couldn't take such a smell anymore, causing me to double over and puke out whatever I ate that night. 

Gasping slightly, I glanced around the room. Remains of one normal bodies laid randomly around the floors. Their blood and bodily fluids mixed together towards the middle of this hell hole. With the help of the moonlight I could see weapons hanging along the walls with blood dripping off. Some seem to be torture of pleasure and others were just to kill. Another wave a nausea washed over me but I swallowed it back and attempted to get out of there but to no avail. My captive tied down my wrist and ankles with rusted chains to the ground. I wouldn't give up though, I continued trying to rip the chains from its hold on the room's ground. My wrist slowly starting to turn red and bleed but I kept trying. 

The rattling of my chains echoed unearthly loud around me and I prayed that no one heard me. Unfortunately I learned long ago that my calls will never be answered. The sound of boots came from the outside of this room. It was faint but quickly grew louder. There was a pause but soon a hidden door opened revealed a tall man. His dark ravenous hair and onyx eyes reminded me of the devil himself. The man smiled wickedly and took even steps towards me. I moved back until my back was against the cold damped wall. He chuckled and gently cupped my face, turning it so I would look into his dark eyes. 

"Mach dir keine Sorgen pet, ich werde dich nicht verletzen." The man spoke with a smirk. He caressed my cheek and licked his lips. "Nur ween ihr tut, was ich sage, dass ist." he then let out a laugh that seem to rattle the window. 

"I don't understand." I spoke quietly.

The dark haired man keeled before me and spoke the strange language once more. "Sie branchen nicht zu verstehen. Sie werden es bald merken genug Haustier." 

Just as I was about to speak, the man unbidden my wrist and ankles and stood me up. He smiled then pressed my wrist against the wall above me. "W-what are you--" he cut off my words with a lustful kiss. I started to struggled but he just chuckled and bit my bottom lip as he pressed himself against me, making it nearly impossible to struggle anymore. I could feel his hardness poke into me harder each time he kissed my lips. I glared and bit down hard on his lip. The man broke the kiss and licked the blood off his lips. He laughed and licked up my neck, sending unwanted shivers through my body, as he began to grind hard against me. He breaths started to become heavily and his thrust started to speed up. He kept one hand on my wrist while the other started to roam my body, slowly feeling over my breast down to my sides and stopped at my thigh. 

"You bastard." I growled which just made him laugh again.

"Beschimpfungen nur machen mich hater...machen mein fick ruer." He took a grip of my dress and started to pull it up. 

I wide eyed and tried to struggle. "No..please..." I cried and then smirked. "Just kidding." this caused the man to look at me curiously. I smiled and showed my fangs. He tried to move away but I grabbed him and pined him on the ground. "I knew exactly what you were saying. I could had easily escaped this place but I wanted to play with you for a bit." My smile turned wicked as I looked at the frightened man below me. His cold dark eyes turned wide eyed in pure fear and he began to sweat. 

"Vampir..." he gasped in shock and tried to get out of my grip.

"Foolish mortal." I said quietly and snapped the man's arms, receiving a loud cry of pain as I let them fall limp to the ground. My eyes looked over his body as my hands quickly untying the strings of the corset, letting my breast be freely in view for him to see. My tongue moved swiftly over my fangs and lips lustfully and I leaned down near the his soft pale neck. "I'll make you mines." I whisper and bite down on the soft neck, his blood spilling out quickly from the bite but I lick it up quickly. The man's voice let out another cry but as I continued to bite into him, his cries changed into gasp then soft moans. 

I took a long lick of his neck, cleaning up the remaining blood off of it and felt the man shiver and moan under me. His hardness returned to the full extent as he looked up at me with lustful eyes. My bloody lips press against his lips hard but lustful as I started to move against him. The feel of his hardness rubbing against my damped dress made my body shiver in delight. The kiss breaks to catch our breath and I see that my bite has finally affected him. He's black eyes turned red as his teeth grew into fangs. The arms that I broke healed and wrapped themselves around my waist. He then leaned up and pressed his soft lips to the hardness of my breast, kisses them. I could feel the wetness of his tongue, licking and teasing my breast, causing me to moan breathless. 

"My mistress." He spoke my language now and looked up at me with wanting. I knew what he wanted and I felt the same. I nodded to him and he quickly ripped off our clothing. His shin looked smooth and soft but was very fit. He's hand roamed over my pumped breast down to my soft belly and curvy thighs. My hand looked small compared to his large dick as I held it in my hand. The slight touch made it twitch, proving he was more then ready. I giggle slightly and rub the head, causing him to moan and pre. "Mistress...please..don't tease anymore."

"Heh, alright." I said and rub his dick against my entrance before forcing in deep inside me. We both moan soft at the contact. I slowly moved my hips at a steady motion, loving the feeling of his huge dick moving deeply inside of me. The man moaned and teased my breast with his hands, thrusting upwards to make his dick go even farther in. He pinched and squeezed my nipples and I couldn't help but moan and ride the man faster. 

The sweet smell of our lust filled the air thickly as our moans slowly grew louder with each thrust. I leaned down and bit into his neck again as he did the same to my shoulder. He griped my hips roughly and thrust faster and harder into me. My moans were muffled but he knew I was loving every thrust he give. His thrust became more wild and our pre mixed together inside me. What he did next surprised us both. He flipped us over and started to fuck me rough and deeply then before. His teeth sunk in deeper into my shoulder, giving me more pain...but also pleasure. My moans started to grew louder, almost yelling commands or moans of delight. He listened to my commands and picked up his pace. The man thrust became more animal like, non-human as he grew closer to his climax. I wasn't far behind. My lips grew tightly around his meat which caused him to hiss and me to yell. He quickened his pace a bit more and I held onto him tightly. Soon our moans and thrust matched as we both reached our climax. His seeds shot deeply into me, almost feeling like they entered the womb. The man panted heavily and slump down. I wrapped my arms around him and smiled.

"You've done well pet...but we aren't done yet."