 Masquerade Ball

Before they exited the limo, Valerie placed a simple masquerade mask over her face. She got out of the limousine when the driver opened the door for them. She waited for Kylantha to exit the vehicle, and then lead her arm-in-arm through the front door of what looked like a large old theater built in the early Edwardian era.

Once they were inside, Kylantha found that they were standing inside of a lobby almost as large as her bookstore. It was crowded with patrons of the ball drinking and socializing around two large statues of a woman and man with their arms bound behind their backs in the center of the lobby.

On the other side of the statues was a double door with two ushers on either side of them dressed as though it were the thirties.

Valerie walked around the two large statues with Kylantha's arm still in hers, and as they came closer to the double doors Kylantha could hear an old waltz playing through them.

Valerie brings out two invitations from inside her business suit and handed them to the usher to the left. He opened and read them, went through the list attached to a clipboard in his hand, crossed off their names, and then both Ushers opened the double doors.

Kylantha gasped a bit as she stood before an elegant balcony and felt as though she had been transported to another time.

The patrons of the ball were dancing to an old waltz from the early Victorian era, all dressed from different times. There were women dressed in all forms from renaissance period garb, to Victorian, to Edwardian, to flapper girls. The men were dressed in the same fashion, and were their dancing partners varied, men with women, women with women, and men with men.

"Ladies and gentlemen," the usher that checked their invitation announced loud enough to be heard over the music, "Presenting Mistress M, and Miss Winters."

The large group of patrons in the ballroom turned to them and applauded as Valerie lead Kylantha down the red carpeted stairs to the dance floor.

As they walked across the dance floor the patrons began parting to make way for them both, until finally they move out of the way to show a man standing in the center of the dance floor.

His hair was of medium length and brown. He was of average height, and seemed to be of athletic build. He wore a three piece suit that was black. His necktie and the handkerchief in his breast pocket matched the same color as Kylantha beautiful v-line dress.

As she came closer she could see his piercing hazel eyes through his masquerade mask as they bore through her very soul, sending a chill through her. As Valerie presented he to the man he bowed to her, and for some reason she responded with a courtesy. Stood at about his chin, and smiled at the thought, usually she dated men a foot taller than her.

He took her hand in his holding it up at shoulder level, and then placed his other hand on her hip as she placed hers on his shoulder, And they began to dance as they stared at each other in silence.

"Lord G I assume," she finally said to break the spell he had on her

He smiled at her, and she felt something chilling yet charming about it.

"Yes," he replied, "Thank you for coming, I thought maybe you wouldn't show."

"Why is that," She asked with a puzzled smile.

"Oh I don't know," he replied still smiling at, "The fact that you don't know me I guess."

The music stopped and Lord G leads Kylantha off the dance floor, and they walked over to the bar to the back of the ballroom. There he orders champagne for Kylantha and a brandy himself.

"So," she said taking a sip from her drink, "What is it that you do Lord G?"

Lord G takes a drink from his glass.

"I buy failing businesses and bring them back up," he said as he drank from his brandy, "then give seventy percent back to the original owner. In my free time I hold a poker night every week and once a month I hold a masquerade ball as fundraisers."

They continue drinking and dancing then go back out to the dance floor.

"How do You like the bookstore business," He asked her.

"Oh it lucrative, with all things considering," she said.

They continued talking and laughing as they danced and drank for a bit. They talked about what they liked to do for fun and how they got to where they were.

Two hours into the night, Kylantha felt a slight tugging at her mind, and became a bit tipsy.

"Miss Winters," Lord G said as he held her up, "Are you okay?"

"I think so," she replied getting her footing again, "That's funny, I really didn't drink that much." 

She smiled at him, and she realized his hands felt cold on her shoulders.

"Thank you for asking," she added.

"Do you need to sit down," Lord G asked as he gently took her hand.

"Yes please," she replied blushing at his touch, "Is there some place private we may sit for a bit Lord G?"

"Yes," he answered, "Of course."

He lead Kylantha towards the back right corner towards a clouded glass door in which Kylantha could see red lighting through. As they got closer to the door, Kylantha swore she heard the sound of moaning alternating between a man and and a woman coming from the other side of it,

"What kind of room is this lord G," she asked confused but at the same time wondering what was going on behind the door, "Are you sure its safe to go in?"

She felt the tug on her mind return as he smiled at kylantha.

"What are you worried about," he replied, "How about this, why don't you go in first."

"Okay," she said absent mindedly as she reached for the handle hesitantly.

She finally found the courage to pull the door open. The smell and sound of sex filled the air, and Kylantha felt her cheeks become warm as she looked inside the room.

To her amazement she found a woman laying on her knees being taken by two men, one in her mouth while the other one was taking her womanhood as woman was taking her ass with a strapon. While these three violated all three of her holes, the girl was gently working two other men's rods.

Next to the woman being violated was man on his knees licking at a woman as a shemale was sucking and licking his shaft while a man kneeling behind him took his ass.

The room was full of spectators of both genders and Kylantha saw Valerie sitting in the corner using three men as a chair, and another one as a foot stool

"I don't know Lord G," Kylantha said turning back to him with a look of concern, "I don't think this room is very private."

Kylantha felt the tug on her mind again, and she wanted to be used like them, but at the same time she felt scared.

"Would you like to sit down," Lord G asked her.

"Uh yes...I do," she said with a mixture of arousal and a fear "But where would you like for me to sit?"

"Would you like to kneel next to her Miss Winters," Lord G replied as he gestured to the girl taking on five people at once.

Kylantha felt the tug at her mind once more.

"Yes lord G," she said as she began to stare blankly at the two being used.

Kylantha then walked over and knelt down next to the other girl.

Valerie got up up from her living furniture, walked over to Kylantha, and knelt down next to her. She then removed the dress Kylantha was wearing, then the corset was removed and tossed the side, and G-string was pulled down to her knees. She then began nibbling at Kylantha's ear and neck as she fondled her buttocks with her left hand and her right tit with her free hand. She began tormenting her by taking her mouth to Kylantha's left breast and began suckling and nibbling at it as she pinched her right nipple. Kylantha tried not to let out a gasp, but failed.

"Oh boys," Valerie called out to the men she was using as lounging furniture, "Could you be so kind to come join me."

They did as they were asked and came over to assist her.

One took his place in front of her and began rubbing his manhood along her lips. At first she fought it, but the drunken tug came to her again and she slowly and hesitantly began opening her mouth and took his shaft deep into it.

What is wrong with me, she thought, Why can't I fight this.

She could feel Valerie's hand slide down from her breast and move down caressing her stomach with her finger tips as she slowly arrived to the apex between her legs. Valerie began making gentle, slow circles at her clit, and then entered her being with two finger. Kylantha let out a gasp as she bucked.

As this happened two other men took up position to either side of her and grabbed wrists and brought her hands to their rods eagerly tightening their hands, forcing them shut onto their manhood and began thrusting, it didn't take long for the tug at her mind to make her begin to rub them and they grabbed her ass cheeks to spread them.

It was then that she felt something odd puck at her rose bud. And then came a discomforting pressure and she realized the last one was taking her ass and he was much too big.

She shook her head no frantically as he entered her and once he was in she let out a muffled scream. Once he started thrusting her eyes began to roll back from the pain and pleasure she felt.

The three screamed out muffled sounds of ecstasy as they were poked, probed, fondled, licked, and thrust deep into. 

It isn't much longer before the man begins his muffled moans of pleasure as he releases deep into the shemale's mouth as the man taking does the same deep inside of him.

"Your ass is so tight," the man taking Kylantha says, "I think I am going...I'm going, I'm...!"

Kylantha shook her head in protest as he groaned realising his man goo deep in her ass. This in turn made Kylantha tighten her grip on the two she had in her hands, making them cum on her face.

She could hear the girl next to her scream out loud as the man cums inside of her womanhood, the two men she was stroking followed in suit and covered her face.

Kylantha tried to pull out the manhood that she had in her mouth, but Valerie grabbed her by the hair and forced her to go deeper, making her gag at points on it. He pulled it out as he was getting closer and began to cum on her lips.

The man that was taking the girls mouth next to Kylantha finally releases all over the girls face, and to the left the woman be licked at finally let's out a gleeful sound of ecstasy.

The only one that remained was Valerie, who fingers Kylantha harder and faster, and the tug comes to Kylantha again.

"Do you want to cum Miss Winter's," Lord G asks her. 

Kylantha leaned her head back in pleasure as Valerie fingered her deeper, hitting her sweet spot with her fingertips. 

"Yes," she whined.

Kylantha's womanhood tightened up around Valerie's fingers.

"Yes," Kylantha pleaded, "I want to cum please!!"

Kylantha felt the tug again. 

"Ask the kind lady then," he demanded.

"Please Mistress M," Kylantha gasped, "please let me cum!"

Valerie began fingering Kylantha hard and fast. 

"You may cum for me," she said.

Kylantha let's out a long moan as she released hard all over Valerie's fingers.

The tug came back and Kylantha realized she still felt tipsy.

"Don't you think you should return the favor," Lord G asked as Valerie stood back up to take position in front of Kylantha, lifting up her skirt again.

"Yes Lord G," she replied almost hypnotic, "Yes I should."

Kylantha then buried her face in deep into the apex between Valerie's legs and licks and sucks at Valerie's juicy mound and fingered her, making her let out a moan as she tilted her head back.

"God yes," she said, "Show me how good you are with that tongue."

Kylantha kept going, getting every inch of her wet silky slit, fingering her faster, going deeper into her, and playing with her sweet spot. 

"Mmm," Valerie let out, "That feels so good, don't stop."

Kylantha felt Valerie tightening around her finger.

"Yeah like that," she called out, "be a good girl and make me cum."

Kylantha kept on going, and Valerie began breathing heavily, then gasping, and finally she screamed out in ecstasy. She looks down at Kylantha, and runs her hand through her hair.

"Good girl," Valerie told her as she pet her cheek.

She then turned to the door and walked over the men, the women, and the shemale lying on floor covered in each other's bodily floods and went out the door.

Lord G grabbed a clean towel right next to him and walked towards Kylantha.

"I guess you have had enough for one night haven't you," he asked as he wiped off all the bodily fluids from her face.

She smiled at the gesture.

"What are you doing, say next Saturday," he asked.

"Well I have bookstore to run," she replied, "But since I own the store I can have my assistant manager close shop. Why do you ask?"

Lord G helped Kylantha up from her knees, helped her back into her garments and dress, and she felt the tug again.

The champagne and sex, she thought.

"I have a poker game that day," he told her, "Will you be my plus one?"

"I know how to play a bit," she replied.

"Actually," he said with small pause as he smiled, "You would be doing other things."

"Such as lord G," she responded worried.

"You will see," he answered as he held his arm out, gesturing for Kylantha to take it, "I have to stay a bit longer and tend to the fundraiser, but my driver can take you back home."

"Thank you," she said as she took to the gesture, "I had a great time."

He lead her out through the dancehall, through the lobby, and out door where the limo waited for her. He leaned in and kissed her cheek, and Kylantha felt a warm fire growing in her groin. Then he opened the door for her, and she climbed in.

"I will see you next Saturday then," he said.

"Next Saturday it is," she replied, "Thank you for having me lord G, good night."

He closed the door and the driver took off. Thoughts entered her mind and she found that she couldn't keep her hands off of herself. She and pulled up her dress as she fondled her breast, licked her finger tips, and slowly caressed her womanhood through the g-string.

She began rubbing faster and harder as she came closer to the edge of ecstasy. Kylantha's body began to tense up and she screamed out as an earth shattering orgasm came over her. When she was done, she lowered her dress, and looked out the window to pass the time.

Once she was home she just walked over to her bed and fell onto it. That night all she could dream of was him, taking her, he never did, and she longed for his touch.