 Second Date

Kylantha woke up the next morning to the sound of her cellphone vibrating. She reached for the night stand next to her bed, felt around until She found it, and without looking she swept her finger across the screen. She lazily placed it to her ear.

"Hello," She said in a half awake tone. 

"Hey sleepy," a males voice came over the other end and she recognized the voice as her ex Arron, "Where were you, I was trying to call all night!" 

She was surprised that his exasperated voice didn't affect her hang over, then again if anything she didn't feel like she was hungover at all, just tired.

She pulled the phone from her ear to look at the time, and was annoyed that someone would be waking her up at six in the morning, then placed it back to her ear.

"I was out last night having a few drinks," she said, "what do you need Arron. I got home late and I am too tired for this."

"Well sucks to be you then," he said, "We need to meet at you bookstore."

Kylantha let out an annoyed sigh as she sat up in.

"Right now hun," she asked.

"No, tomorrow," he said sarcastically.

"Okay okay," she replied, "Give me twenty minutes and I will be out the door."

She got up and dressed for the the weather. It was a cold and late fall morning, but the sweater that sloops over her right shoulder, fleece leggings, and a pair faux felt lined boots kept her warm. She arrived at the shop to find Arron standing outside the door waiting for her with a briefcase under his arm. When he saw her pull up in her Camary, he looked around paranoid as he tossed the cigarette he was smoking down in front of him and then put it out with his foot.

His short red hair blew with the breeze, and his green eyes were bloodshot. The bags under his eyes told her he hadn't had any sleep in days. They may have broken up the year after he graduated with an associate's in journalism, but she still worried about him.

When she got out of the car and walked up to the door with her keys in hand he came in behind her.

"Were you followed," he asked quietly.

His breath smelt as though he had been drinking and smoking all night. 

"I don't know," she said, "But can you not breath on me, you reek of cigarettes and whiskey."

She looked back over her shoulder and gave him a look of disapproval. 

"You are still going to lecture me after all these years," he asked with a hint of anger.

She finally found the key and unlocked the door.

"Well if you had quit drinking then maybe we would still be together," she said turning back to him giving him a look of disapproval.

He glared at her as they entered the bookstore.

"I did and you wouldn't take me back," he retorted.

"I said still be together," she said as she locked the door, "I said nothing about taking you back."

He placed his hand on her shoulder and she turned to look at him. His expression had become softer.

"That isn't important," he said softly, "You are the only one I can trust right now."

Kylantha took his hand and lead him to the back where her office could be found. When they got into the office, he placed the briefcase on the desk and opened. 

"I hit the mother load of all leads," he told her as he pulled out a vial of red fluid, and then a folder, "The one that will get me my front page byline finally."

"What is going on," she said as she took the vial and folder looking worried at Arron, "You didn't do anything stupid did you?" 

"Werewolves and vampires Ky," he said, "Werewolves and vampires." 

Kylantha let out a laugh. 

"Werewolves and vampires," she replied, "Are you writing for for a tabloid now, because the last time I checked they were just myths."

"Oh my god Ky," he said with a hint of bruised pride, "You of all people criticizing me on the subject. Just go over the files in that folder. They came from the Contsatine Hotel."

"You mean Constantine Hotel as in Henry Constantine," she said as she opened the folder, "The Playboy Billionaire who works with charities?"

"Yeah well according to those files he is involving his money in something more than fundraiser," he replied.

Kylantha went through the paper work, and found that the documents were referring to the excavation sites of Shaolin temples, Egyptian pyramids, old European castles being bought out, and money used to buy the privacy of prestige libraries around for months. All in search of old scrolls that spoke of a chosen one.

"Oh my," she finally said looking back up at Arron, "What is going on?" 

"I don't know," he replied, "but the person who gave me this was killed. I don't think I was followed, but I need to give this to someone I can trust." 

"I have a hidden safe in my loft I can put them in."

He kissed her forehead.

"I have to hide for a bit until this clears up a bit," he said as she put the files into a tote bag.

She slung the bag over her shoulder and they walked out the door and she locked it back up.

"Thank you Ky," he said as he placed his hand on her shoulder, "I owe you one."

"You be safe out there," she told him.

"I will," he replied, "you do the same."

When she arrived to her loft and was inside she walked into her bedroom area, opened her closet, stepped inside, kneeled down, sat the tote bag next to her, and removed a section of the floor board.

Inside the floor was a hidden safe that she had built in before she moved into the loft. She punched in the pin number and turned the handle to open it. She then reached into the bag and pulled out the folder and the vial of blood, set them in the safe and closed it again.

"There," she said, "Safe and sound. 

* * * * 

The rest of the week flew by and the Saturday came around. She was going through her closet with a towel wrapped around her. She went through the selection of dresses she owned and finally went with a sexy, short, black club dress with matching color wedges.

She went to the bathroom to check if her hair straightener was ready, and then began to go through the process of getting ready. Once she was dressed and had applied her makeup, she went and poured a small glass of wine and then sat down at the island in her kitchen and waited for the limousine to arrive.

As she took the last sip from her wine, her phone buzzed. She picked it up and saw one word, "Outside". 

She walked to the window and there he was standing outside the limousine wearing his mask again. She immediately ran to the bedroom and opened the bottom drawer to the nightstand next to her bed and grabbed the black lace mask she had worn the night of the ball and placed it over her face.

Once she was out of the elevator and out the door, she found herself rushing to limo and she leapt into Lord G's arms as she gave him a small kiss on the lips.

"Wow," he said as she pulled away from his lips, "Second date and I haven't even gotten you home yet." 

She could feel her cheeks heat up as she blushed a bit.

"I have thought about you all week," she said.

"That's funny, he said as he opened the door, "Because I have been thinking about you too."

She stepped into the vehicle and he followed her in. As they were driving, she thought about the longing feeling of being touched by him, and she got her wish.

He pulled five playing cards from his breast pocket. He didn't explain as he pulled the cup of her dress and bra from her chest and placed the cards underneath.

She shivered at the cold feeling of his fingertips as they touched her nipple. Once they were in place, he helped her adjust her dress and bra to hide the cards, and then kissed her quickly. It sent butterflies in her stomach.

"What are those for," she asked confused.

He smiled slyly.

"Let's put it this way,"he answered, "You are doing someone a favor."

She looked at him even more confused. He patted her thigh and then rubbed it gently, sending a wanting chill through her.

"You will find out," he said.

When they finally reached their destination, Lord G gets out of the vehicle and holds out his hand. Kylantha takes it and they walk up the steps to the establishment. Once inside they walk all the way to the back where a large group waited outside a door.

Kylantha noticed that half of the men and women wore collars and were being lead around on leashes by the other half. She was confused and uncertain what she had gotten herself into. She then saw Valerie in a very elegant mask and dress walking over them with a very handsome man on a leash. In her other hand She cared a diamond studded collar with a leash.

"You will have to wear this if you want into the game Miss Winters," she said, holding the collar and leash to Lord G.

Without arguing the point, she lifted her hair up so that Lord G could fasten the collar a around her neck.

"I don't understand," Kylantha said to Lord G, "Why the collar?" 

Valerie walked away with a laugh. 

"It is a master and pet gathering," Lord G told Kylantha, "Or in Valerie's case Mistress. You are my plus one, in other words my pet for a night."

"Oh," she replied.

She looked at the leash that lead to Lord G's hand. 

"Oh," she emphasized as it dawned on her, "I don't know what kind of girl you think I am, but I will go along with this for tonight, and just tonight.

She kissed his cheek. "Master,"she added.

As he lead her to the door a blonde man with hazel eyes wearing a simple mask stopped beside her and Lord G, leading a young female Asian on a leash. He wore a gray two piece, and she wore an oriental style silk red dress. 

"Lord G," the man said.

"Lord C," Lord G replied, "How is the hotel going?"

"It is going well," Lord C said, "See you brought a pet, did you steal her too?"

"Clever," Lord G said with laugh, "No, no, she belonged to no one before me. How long are you going to wait until you suck her dry?"

"Oh," Lord C said as it was his turn to laugh, "You are funny. But if I had to guess she has another three weeks."

Lord C walked through the door and yanked at his pets leash as she had a sluggish walk. As the woman passed by, Kylantha swore she saw a blood stain on the side of her neck with two small round scars. 

"What was that about," Kylanthntha asked quietly so not to be heard. 

"We have been rivals since childhood," he said, "Our parents were associates."

Kylantha nodded.

"So shall we," he asked.

"Yes master," she said mockingly. 

He smiled as he walked her into the room. Inside were a few large and round tables in the center of a large room with green felt tops. There was a dealer at each table shuffling decks. Everyone took their seat and began their tournament.

The night went on as people were eliminated. As they played their pets were placed on the floor in front them at all times and were made to lick and suck at their masters and mistresses sexes. Kylantha felt that it was weird that Lord G only had her sit on his lap.

People began to leave the room when they were out of chips until there were only four people and their pets left. Valerie and her pet, another man and his male pet, Lord G and Kylantha, and Lord C and his pet.

Kylantha began to wonder if the girl was okay, she was pale and seemed to be slightly in coherent. As the night went on, Valerie pushed and pushed until the man with his male pet finally ran out of luck and were out of chips.

Still Kylantha was sitting on Lord G's lap as the others continued pleasing their master and mistress. 

"What are you planning Lord G," Lord C asked.

"I have no idea of what you are talking about," Lord G replied. 

Valerie would make small bets through the rest of and then fold each hand through the rest of the night, and soon she was out of chips. 

This infuriated Lord C, and he glared at Lord G as she got up. 

"Well boys," she said, "Its been fun but it is down to you two now."

The two men stared at each other as she left the table, Lord G smiled as Lord C glared back at him.

"You are planning something," Lord C finally said, "You have never played by the rules."

Lord G placed his palm on the small of Kylantha's back. She felt the chill come over her again, and then a familiar tug at her mind.

"Hey love," he said, "I feel a little unsatisfied, why don't you help me find some release."

She nodded her head, then gets off Lord G's lap, and kneels down in front of him. She unzipped his pants and pulled out his manhood. She began to lick at it, slowly making it stand at attention. As it became hard, Kylantha took it into her mouth, and took it an inch at a time.

Lord G gave a little moan as he began to slowly thrust in time with each bobbing of her head.

It went back and forth between both men as it became clear that Lord G was a better man at the game. 

Finally Lord C ran out of chips. As he got up to leave, Lord G held up his hand.

"Hold on," he said, "I want to give you one last hand. What would you say to wagering your pet?"

"Are you mad Lor..." Lord C began. 

"I will not only go all in,"Lord G intervened, "but I will wager my pet."

Kylantha stopped sucking in shock. The tug came back and she continued to suck faster. She got a small salty taste on her tongue and she swallowed a bit of precum. Lord C sat back down. 

"You have my attention," he said. 

Lord G pushes all his chips to the center.

"Dealer," he said. With that the dealer gave one more hand to both of them. Without warning Kylantha felt something brush against her chest and then again.

"Why don't you go first," Lord G said.

Lord C smiled as he laid out his hand and showed a straight flush.

"I will go ahead and pick up your pet tomorrow," he said as he reached forward to take the pile of chips. 

Lord G slammed his hand down onto Lord C's as he let out a long moan. Kylantha was unprepared as he released his seed into her mouth. She obediently swallowed every drop. He smiled at Lord C as he laid his hand out on the table, revealing a royal flush.

"Valerie will be outside waiting to take your pet," he said with a smile, "I am sorry old friend, but you will not be leaving with her."

"You cheating son of a bitch," Lord C snapped, "You won't get away with this, I promise you that much."

He stands up and pulls his former pet out of the room with him.

Once they were gone, Kylantha stands up, then slaps Lord G across the face, and then storms out. Lord G stood up from his chair.

"You have the name of the charity I am under," he said to the dealer as he ran for the door.

Kylantha was standing outside on her phone calling Arron.

"You have Reached Arron Connor's phone," the voice message said, "Leave your nasty message after the beep."

The beep goes off.

"Arron please come get me I am at..."

A hand grabbed her by the wrist and then takes her phone. Kylantha turned to see Lord G standing behind her as he hangs up the phone. She goes to slap him again, and he catched it by the wrist.

"What the hell do you want," she yells at him.

He put his hands on her shoulders and then pulled her in to kiss her. At first she fought it, but slowly began to kiss him in return. The limo pulled up behind him and he pulled way from the kiss and opened the door.

They climbed in and she pulled off her panties as he unbuttoned his pants. She hiked up her dress and then lowered herself down onto his manhood. They kissed passionately as she bucked widely. It wasn't long before she screamed out in ecstasy as she flooded his lap. She continued to ride him faster and faster. He grabbed her by the waist and slammed hard against her. She spilt out on him again as she moaned loudly. He couldn't hold it back as he began to slip over the edge, and he began to fill her with his seed. As he did she swore she felt his canine teeth began to grow longer. She pulled away in shock but found nothing out of the norm.

"Do it again," she pleaded, "Cum for me again."

His thrusts became harder and faster and deeper. They both moaned as they came closer to the edge of eternal bliss and in minutes they fell over it together.

She planted her face into his shoulder, and he felt it become moist. He sat there in silence as his a held her in his arms, and then heard the sound of sniffling.

"Are you crying," he asked as he pulled her head from his shoulder. 

At first she fought it but finally he got her to look him in the face, and saw that she was crying.

"I'm not yours to make that kind of wager," she said sobbing, "What if you had lost."

He pulled her in and held her tight.

"I promise you," he said, "I had a plan. Remember how I placed those cards inside your bra?"

She pulled her head from his shoulder to look him in the eyes. A look of confusion and anger was in her eyes.

"Wait," she said, "You brought me to use as a way to stash cards, so that you could cheat?"

Then there was only anger.

"Wait you don't want me," she said, "You want her!"

Lord G only looked at her and smiled.

"If that was true do you think I we would be here right now," he asked, "You saw her, She was not looking very good."

The anger left Kylantha's eyes as it dawned on her.

"That is what you meant by doing someone a favor," she said.

Lord G nodded.

"I wasn't going to make that wager without having a plan," he said.

She slapped him on the chest.

"Why didn't you just tell me," she snapped.

He laughed and pulled her in to kiss her cheek.

"Ignorance is bliss," he replied. 

They touched forehead-to-forehead. 

"What are you up to tomorrow," he asked.

"I am closing up shop tomorrow," she replied.

"Okay," he said, "I will pick you up for dinner then."

She nodded and reached for his face. She then pulled off his mask. He was more handsome than she expected him to be. She leaned in and kissed him.

It wasn't much longer before she was home again and in bed, dreaming of her Lord G.