 First of all allow me to introduce myself. My name is Erin Banks, I'm eighteen years old and I go to high school. I have no brother or sister that I know of... I say that because I live with my dad. My mom, or that bitch, as we usually call her, left us when I was three and we haven't heard from her since. I have a boyfriend. His name is Mark, he goes to the same school as I do. We started having sex last summer. He tends to be quick shot, if you see what I mean. But I like it when he kisses me in the neck and he's sweet and well I think I love him. Yeah, I know, big words and everything. How could an eighteen year old know about love? Well maybe I do or maybe I don't but at least I love being around him and talking over the phone for hours with him and when we make love I feel a strong heat in my chest. Am I being too blunt talking about sex like this, out of the blue? Is it too crude for you? If I do I must apologize but it's not entirely my fault. You see, at the moment, I'm watching a vampire movie.

Where's the link? Well I'm a bit embarrassed to say, but I've always been turned on by vampires. Weird right? It's a secret I've never told anyone. It all started when I was around eleven. That evening my dad had to stay late at work. I was alone and bored so I started watching this old Hammer movie "Dracula A.D. 1972" with Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing. I don't know if you've seen it, if you haven't you should, it's a pretty good one. Anyway, at the beginning you have this scene where Dracula is brought back from the dead by his disciple and obviously the Prince of Darkness is hungry but his disciple has thought of that and he has this hippy girl with him - yes the story takes place in the seventies so there are hippies around. So the girl is bitten and she loudly shows her appreciation...

Imagine me all innocent and all, with my head up my butt, with a sticky fluid between my legs, with my heart racing, with this tall guy with a terrible dental hygiene looking at me through the thin glass of the TV screen... Quite an experience as you can imagine. And that was my first orgasm. Not that at the time, I knew what it was but since I had liked that so much, I did everything I could to replicate the experiment. So I am a big vampire movie fan and books and comics and role-playing games and pretty much anything that is related to the great fanged ones. I won't tell you that Edward Cullen can go fuck... I mean stake himself because I feel that you don't need to hear my point of view on that. You do understand me; there is dark side to vampirism, a part that Implies blood and sex, not the kind of bullshit that sparkles in the sunlight...

Anyway, for the last seven years I've tried to watch every single vampire movie out there. There's a lot of crap but from time to time you find a neat one. Either it has fangs, or lots of turning or even vampire sex... Sorry again with that... Anyway the one I'm watching right now is the lousy reboot of a remake from a great franchise that came out in the eighties. The plot holes are deep but with all the biting and hot vamps I must say that my own holes are soaked wet... Okay, if this is bothering you, you should go elsewhere because I'm not apologizing anymore for this.

So, the movie finishes. The hero and the heroine are humans again and they'll live happily, not forever but happily, and make many non vamp kids... Yey... I don't really care, I've peaked already during the scene were the girl who has just been turned by the old but pretty good looking vampire countess turns her boyfriend in a pool of blood and I'm dosing off in front of the end credits. My dad's off for the weekend, I think it´s work related, and Mark is busy somewhere doing something, so you can imagine that I am completely awake when I hear a key turning in our flat door. I jump to my feet, run to my room and close the door behind me. Fuck, I left my phone in the living room. I peak through the door but it´s too late, the intruder is already in. I lock the door. I try not to breath, I listen.

"Erin?"

I know that voice. Where do I know that voice from? I feel like it's a voice I hear everyday...

"Erin? Stop messing around, I know you're in here, I can smell you..."

Smell? What the... Wait is that my... My voice?

"Erin, you have to trust me, you have to open this door, you have to help me."

How can it be my voice?

"Go away," I say under my breath.

"I can't Erin; you have to help me, please..."

Fuck, fuck, fuck... What should I do?

I stand still. No noise coming from the other side of the door. I wait for a while and then a little more. Still no noise, nothing. I unlock the door and have a look. Nothing to the left, nothing in front of me, nothing to the ... Fuck!

I realize that I haven't told you about myself. I am a true redhead, yup true. I am a redhead up there; when I don't shave which is like ... err... every now and then, I'm a redhead under my armpits and of course I'm a proud redhead down there. I have freckles all over my face and body; as I grew up I wasn't too fond of them but now that everything is where it should be I must say that they do look nice, and Mark says they look so kawai - yeah, sorry about that but Mark can sometimes be a bit of an Anime geek. I have my curly hair straightened and I cut it short. My height is under average. I have tits, yey! They grew pretty late and it made me pretty worried when I was around sixteen. I'm a bit overweight. Oh, and I have what the French call a "grain de beauté" just above my pubis and I love my "grain de beauté". You get the picture. Now, I've been catalogued as a Goth at school. It's not that I actually follow the whole spirit of the thing but I do like wearing black. What can I say, it goes with everything, on every occasion and it's a bit vampy too, I have to confess.

Why do I tell you all this? Well it's because for the first time in my life I get to see myself "live". Not in a mirror, not in a picture or a video, live. In front of me, there's me. Same round but sweet face, same nice butt, same hair cut, same everything. Three little things diverge: I am much paler than me... That sounds weird but you get the drill... My eyes glow with a reddish tint. And my teeth, no wait not my teeth, my teeth aren't teeth they look much more like fangs... Yeah so I am pretty much you're standard vampire...

I fall back on my ass. I was already on all four so the fall isn't really painful, furthermore it's not my ass I'm worried about right now, it´s my... that thing, right there in front of me. Just like your typical crab, I crawl back into my room trying to close the door by kicking it. I'm not totally successful and the door opens to reveal... Yes, you guessed correctly: me as a vampire.

"Erin, please, don't be afraid, you have to trust me."

"..."

Yeah I could have been more explicit, more original but put yourself in my shoes: VampMe, or in this case I should say VampYou is standing in the doorway to your room. You would be terrified, right? Actually now that I think of it, the fact that I didn't scream my lungs out is a proof of high self control. Well that and the fact that I live in New York...

"What..."

No wait, that´s quite offensive.

"...Who are you?"

VampMe is looking a bit embarrassed.

"It´s a bit complicated... I am you... Sort of..."

"..."

"I am ... you"

Seeing VampMe insecure like this makes me feel more ... secure.

"Well that´s clear, but how come you are me?"

"As I said, it's complicated."

"Well then uncomplicate it!"

"Yes, yes of course... But are you sure you don't want to sit and have a drink or something?"

"Yes, you're right..."

I stand, she doesn't move, I don't move. We are staring at each other. She realizes she's in the way and she takes a few steps back. I step into the living room. We hesitate, observing each other with great attention.

"Oh fuck this," I say taking the lead towards the kitchen.

I open the fridge; my hand goes for the orange juice. I stop in mid air. I grab a beer. Tonight I need something stronger.

"What can I get you?" I say

"Err... nothing," VampMe answers.

"Oh yes... right... So... You drink blood?"

"I ... think so."

"You think?"

"Yes, well, I'm not sure... I haven't drunk ... blood. But I'm fucking thirsty..." VampMe says looking at my neck.

"Ah..." I answer trying to cover it as well as I can.

"We'll see what we can do about that... later..."

We stare at each other in yet another awkward silence.

"Okay so... Why don't you try to uncomplicated this you are me and I am you situation." I say opening the beer to try to give me some composure.

"Okay so... let's start from the beginning... "

"Yes?"

"Two hours ago I woke up in a dumpster three blocks south from here. I knew I was you but at the same time I knew I wasn't you... I knew I wasn't the original, I mean. I also knew I was a vampire and I knew other things, for instance I knew that apparently, something you did last week has pleased a powerful entity who decided to reward you by bringing me to life or unlife, if you prefer."

Last week? What happened last week...? Could it be? No that's pure bullshit, but then again... Let me explain here. Last week I was with Mark and we were babysitting his little sister and as we went through his mom's things we found an Ouija board and we started playing around to scare the little sister. At some point it became a bit freaky as Mark started to move around the glass writing about granting wishes and all... Or at least I thought it was Mark, despite the fact that he denied it and that he insisted on saying it was me... Thing is that with Mark there and my new vampire DVD in my bag I was actually daydreaming... no, let's be honest, fantasizing about me being a vampire. I sort of wished I was a vampire... What part of that could have pleased the entity in question...beats me.

"Ah..." I answer.

"So you do something last week and I appear in a dumpster..."

"Ah... And you need my help for what exactly?"

"Well... I guess that if you created me you are sort of responsible for me, right?"

"Right... Sort of..."

Another awkward silence. We stare at each other. I do look fucking hot as a vampire... I don't know what she's thinking but I'm feeling extremely horny just by looking at VampMe. She leans over the table; I kind of do the same. Her lips part, mine too. Our mouths enter in contact. She's cold, so very cold. I'm wet, so very wet. Her tongue brushes against my teeth, caresses my tongue. My whole body is submerged by a wave of indescribable lust. She pushes me back, quite violently. My chair doesn't resist and I fall back against the floor of the kitchen.

"I can't," she says.

I stand on my elbows, my head is killing me, I must have hit something. I pass my fingers where it hurts. It's sticky, I look at my hand. There's blood. I look up; VampMe is staring at me with intense hungry eyes.

"Go away," she spits between her teeth.

I don't have to be told twice. I stand, exit the kitchen, close the door behind me, I go to the bathroom, close the door behind me, lock it... I look at my own reflection in the mirror. That's more how I like it: color to the cheeks, blood pumping below my skin, no devilish light behind my eyes...Human. There's blood pouring down my neck into my cleavage. I grab a towel and press it against my head.

"Erin? Are you all right?" VampMe asks through the door, "I think I have this under control. I won't bite I promise."

The tone of her voice is less than reassuring. But the kiss, the idea of having vampire fangs digging into my neck, having the creature's hands all over my body, exploring my cavities, caressing me... Stop, stop, stop...

"I'll be out in a minute," I say panting.

I finish tending my wound, I clean the blood on my neck, I try to concentrate on non hot things and finally I decide to take a shower. A cold one.

Twenty five minutes later, I exit the bathroom. I'm wearing a turtle neck with long sleeves and a long pair of jeans that I found in the dirty laundry pile. VampMe is sitting on the couch, she looks at me terrified.

"Erin, I'm so sorry but, I have to feed, I need it so bad... I don't want to hurt you... Erin, I'm sorry."

"The next door neighbor, he works at night, he left us a key and he has a dog... Do you think it will do?"

"I... I don't know, I guess."

I grab the key and go get the dog. Poochie is a nasty Cocker. He and I, we don't get along very well. I manage to bring it back to our flat. VampMe hasn't moved, I bring Poochie to her, he barks, she takes him in her arms, he tries to bite her, she bites him. She starts drinking, avidly, sucking the dog's life. I observe her feeding fascinated. I feel horny again. VampMe seems to be enjoying it a lot. Poochie's wagging his tail... We are all enjoying this a bit too much for my taste. Finally VampMe's fangs leave the collar of the dog. Her face is covered in blood. She looks better. Poochie on the other hand looks dead. He had it coming all the way. VampMe looks at me, she seems relieved but suddenly panic appears behind her eyes. She rushes to the bathroom and vomits her guts.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm even hungrier than before."

I look around trying to find an idea. We could always go to the last floor there's a girl there... No, don't shit where you live. What else?

"I need to feed," she tells me, "let's have a walk I'm sure we'll find someone, somewhere..."

I grab my coat; we get into the lift, destination ground floor. It seems to take forever, I can feel VampMe's look on my neck. When finally the doors open, Mark is waiting behind it.

"..." I say.

"Hey..." he starts looking at VampMe.

He then turns the head towards me, back to VampMe, back to me.

"What... You? Sister..."

Suddenly he shuts up, his look lost into VampMe's gaze. I turn to protest but my look is also caught into VampMe's. I can feel her inside me controlling my body, my mind. I press the button back to my floor. Meanwhile she grabs him by the neck forces him against her. All the way up, they kiss passionately. All I can do is admire, all I can do is pray to be included, all I can do is submit. VampMe mouth is working its way down Mark's chin; she buries her face in his neck, about to strike.

"No..." I manage to say.

Over Mark's shoulder, she stares at me with so much hate in her look that I take a step back.

"Not here," I whisper "someone could see you."

The hate in her eyes is replaced by candor at first, then gratitude and finally confusion. She pushes Mark away. She looks so embarrassed. I can feel her release me from her control.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't want to..." she hisses through her fangs.

The door opens.

"Let's all get inside," I say.

"I still need to feed," she complains.

"I know, let's all get inside," I insist as I feel that the old lady across the hall won't stay asleep for long if we continue coming and going in the hallway at this hour of the night.

Back inside the relative security of my flat, I take a still entranced Mark by the hand and guide him to my room. I nod towards VampMe to tell her to follow me. Mark still under her control is seating on the edge of the bed.

"Erin?" VampMe asks.

"Shh," I say, "you'll just have to be very careful."

"But I don't know if I'll be able to..."

"Shh," I say again, "we'll deal with it later, if we have to, now let's have fun..."

I've fantasized about this all my life, and now that I get the chance, it would be stupid not to indulge the good spirit that granted me this opportunity.

"In that case you watch, I don't want to risk hurting you," VampMe says taking back control over my mind.

I nod, sit back on my computer chair and observe. Mark has a stupid look of admiration. At first, I feel a bit jealous as he has never had that look with me. But at the same time it's like watching porn with me in it. VampMe helps him out of his clothes, she pulls his boxers off. With the tip of her nail, she traces a line from the scrotum to the tip of Mark's dick, she kneels. Her eyes are full of lust; she throws her head back opening her mouth revealing her sumptuous fangs. Her hand is now wrapped around Mark's manhood. She pulls down the foreskin revealing the head. Her face finally comes down, fangs glistening in the dimmed light of the room. Her lips now locked on the organ she goes up and down, sucking on my man's dick.

One thing is to read about it in a book or watch it in a movie but seeing it, being in the presence of the real thing is quite another thing. The animalistic power of the vampire, the seductive strength of the ultimate predator, the decadent lust of the act of love combined with the irresistible need for sustenance, simple words that are absolutely unable to describe what I'm feeling now. My stomach convulses under the rolling pleasure of an unprovoked orgasm, my thighs are soaked by the running fluids from my squirting pussy. I exhale loudly...

VampMe's free hand tries to unbutton her pants, once, twice. Finally she stops her movement, releases Mark, stands and takes off her pants. Before going back to her prey she sniffs the air, turns to me and smiles.

"Fuck Erin, you smell delicious," she says licking her fangs.

I can't hold in the scream of pleasure that builds up in my throat.

Grinning she returns to Mark. She impales herself with ease on his gleaming dick. She howls in the night baring her fangs towards the roof. Her pelvis rolling on his, she forces him deeper inside her. Finally she strikes. He screams of pleasure. Her mouth locked on his neck, she gorges on his pleasure, on his blood and... and I'm watching this, here in my room, my own room.

Everything blurs around me. My legs can't hold me anymore, I slip to the ground convulsing of pleasure. I don't know for how long I keep on squirming on the cheap rug of my room but finally I'm able to calm down.

I stand on my elbow. VampMe is seating naked on the edge of the bed. Her face is covered in fresh blood. Her pussy is dripping with Mark's cum; she wipes it with a finger before licking it. Her beautiful breast, her slender figure, her beautiful eyes... Fuck I think I'm a lesbian and I'm in love with myself. We stare for a long time. Awkward silence... She finally stands.

"Fuck that was... Fuck!" I say.

"You liked it too?" VampMe says maliciously.

"Fuck yeah!"

"Yeah, me too."

Suddenly I remember.

"Is he...?" I ask.

"Yes, I think so, he is asleep now," she answers.

Twenty minutes later we're in the kitchen. I have another beer in my hand. She's dressed up, I'm in my panties, the jeans were far too soaked to continue wearing them. Mark is sleeping off the feeding. He looked pretty happy when I covered him with the blankets.

"The hell if I know what we're going to do now, but I must thank you, being a vamp is quite amazing, lucky for me you didn't fantasize with werewolves," she says.

"Yeah... That would have been hairy," I say smiling. "So how do you feel?"

"I feel great, powerful and everything, a bit horny still but a lot less hungry. That is good I guess. I'm starting to feel tired too."

"The sun should be up in a few minutes. Maybe it's time for you to sleep."

"Probably... I could hide in Dad's room if we cover the window."

"Yes, let me take care of that. We'll talk about the next days, tonight when you wake up."

She nods. I prepare the room for VampMe. When the sun starts to pierce through the windows of the living room, everything is ready, she thanks me with a wet long kiss on the lips and she retires to sleep. I look around me. The flat is a mess but the night has been long... I lie down on the couch and fall asleep almost instantly. I dream of fangs, darkness and sex.

When I wake up the sun is low in the sky. I check the clock. It's nearly five PM. I check on my two hosts, they're both sound asleep. VampMe is snoring loudly. It makes me wonder if I do too. I prepare a cup of hot chocolate. As I start to sip on it, a sordid stench comes to my attention. I find Poochie behind the couch. I stuff it in a garbage bag and take it out.
