 Disclaimer: TRIGGERS - This story contains rough and coerced sex. Please do not read on if this may affect you and please accept my apologies. This story is written as pure fantasy ONLY and I do not condone the behaviour of the antagonists. If you cannot differentiate between fantasy and reality then please do not read on! Otherwise, please enjoy!

*********************

Clearly I underestimated this cop. He gets out of the car and opens the gate, before driving through. The moon is full and illuminating most of the area. To our left is the lake, and I can see several large cabins not far from the shore. They sit in a semi-circle around a grassy space, in the middle of which appears to be some log benches placed in a circle. I'm guessing there would have been a camp fire in the middle at some point. Leading out from the shore line is a long wooden jetty, heading about 30 feet into the lake.

In front of us is a long road that leads up a small hill to a large wooden house that over looks the cabins and the lake "You ever been here before Chloe?" I hadn't. It had always been the ultimate dare in our town to go explore the abandoned Bear Lake Summer Camp, but my mum had expressly forbid it, warning me all the time about how dangerous this place could be. It had been 30 years, but still... He takes my silence as an answer. "Nah, I guess not. Too scared of Old Donny, huh? Well that up there is the main building, you know, reception, dining room, manager's office, that sort of thing. But that's not where we're going!" He veers off the road, heading down towards the lake "Ain't no swimmin' up there!"

I look around frantically, gripped with panic, but trying to feign confidence "You can't do this! Forget your job, my step-dad will fucking kill you!" I squirm in the cuffs again, trying to get free as he pulls up near the cabins.

"Thought he was you step-daddy? Or does he like you calling him 'Daddy'" He turns and looks back at me through the mesh, his face clear in the moonlight "Besides all I'm doin' is takin' you for a swim Chloe..." He grins menacingly and then gets out of the car, moving to the rear driver's side door. I shuffle over to the other side of the car, turning my back to the passenger side door, my cuffed hands pulling at the handle but it's locked. The opposite door flies open and he leans in to the back seat "Come on now..."

"No!" I bring my legs up and kick my feet towards his face "Get away from me!" He bats my feet away, to stop me kicking him, but I keep trying. A hand clamps around one ankle "Ahh! No!" He grabs the other one and yanks me towards the door. I slide easily over the back seat and when he has me half out, he grabs me around my waist, pulling me to my feet, my face pressed into his cheek stubble rough cheek stubble. I struggle in his grip, trying to get away "Oh no you don't Chloe, time for you to swim..." I cry out as he lifts me up and throws me over his shoulder, one hand smacking down on my ass to hold me in place, that familiar vibration running through my pussy again. His other arm bars across the back of my calves, pulling them in to his body so I can't kick my feet.

I'm staring down at the ground, wriggling on his shoulder as he starts to move, the grass below me moving as we head towards the lake "No! Stop! Let me go! Help! Please, somebody help!" I start to shriek, tears forming in my eyes.

"Oh, no need for that hun, ain't no one gonna hear you all the way out here! Besides, Old Donny seems to keeps folks away from here, even if he is dead!" He starts to laugh. I bounce along on his shoulder, only able to see the ground, unless I strain my neck and abs up, then I can see the cruiser and the cabins getting further and further away. Looking down, the grass gives way to wooden planks and he stops, taking me from his shoulder and placing me back on my feet, spinning me around so I'm facing the end of the jetty "Move..." He pushes me forward.

I push back against him as he forces me forwards again, his hands on my shoulders "No... Please!"

"Come on Chloe, walk the plank!" He puts on a pirate voice - as if the Hick speak wasn't bad enough.

"Don't! Get off me!" We're about half way to the end now and he lifts me up, carrying me a few more feet, before putting me down "Fucking bastard!" Tears stream down from my cheeks as I try to push back.

"This is what you wanted Chloe, isn't it?! You wanted to go swimmin and disrespect the law! You can do both right here!" Ten feet from the edge now "I just hope you can swim with them cuffs on!" He laughs, I'm five feet from the end now.

"Ahh! No! Please... I'm Sorry!" I scream as we reach the edge. He grabs my shoulders, suddenly stopping me. We both stay completely still. He's silent. Besides my heavy, panicked breathing, the only sounds are the crickets and the water lapping gently on the shore. I look down at the lake; it's as black as tar, the only way I can even tell it's water is the rippling in the moonlight.

He holds my shoulders from behind and moves his face close to my ear "Errrm, what was that Chloe? I didn't quite catch that with all your hollarin..."

My chest heaves up and down as I try to calm my breathing "I... I'm sorry..." I manage between tears.

"Really?"

I nod my head "I'm really sorry, okay... Please just let me go..."

"Well what you sorry for Chloe?"

"For... being dis... disrespectful to you..."

"For being a disrespectful little skank?" He hisses in my ear, sending a shudder through my body. Despite the tears, my pussy starts to moisten again as he taunts me. I can't put my finger on it, but something about his domineering tone just sets me off.

I nod my head "Yes..." I whimper

"Yes what Chloe?"

"Umm... Yes... officer?" I guess

"Better... Hmmm..." He pauses for a few seconds, but it feels like an eternity "You know, I'm not really buying it Chloe..." My eyes go wide with fear "I think I would need you to show me how sorry you are, and I just don't think you will, so..." He jolts my shoulders, feigning like he's going to push me in the water.

I let out a loud scream "No! I'll show you, I'll show you!"

He laughs in my ear "Oh yeah?" His hands move from shoulders to my hips. Gripping them, he pulls my ass back hard against his crotch "You wanna show me how sorry you are Chloe?!" He presses his lips on my ear as he speaks and starts to grind against my ass "Come on Chloe, show me you're sorry!" His lips move to my neck, kissing and sucking on my soft skin.

I moan softly as I push my ass back against him, grinding back on his crotch. I can feel his stiff cock poking at my rear, just his pants and my bikini briefs separating them. "Ah!" I let out a soft cry as his teeth nip at my neck, his lips working back up to my face. 

"Aww yeah... you have a sweet little ass Chloe... I can't wait to get in it..." 

"Nuh!" I wince and squeeze my eyes shut tight as I feel his slimy tongue on my cheek, licking up my pretty face, making my skin crawl. I'm as disgusted by him as I am turned on. I must have been hornier than I thought.

"Mmmmm..." He moans and then laughs as he tastes my tears, clearly proud of his work. It's humiliating, and yet my pussy is responding.

I keep pushing my ass back against him, grinding like I would when dancing with guys in a club. Of course, a creepy older guy like him would never normally get this from me, but this is hardly a normal circumstance. His hands slide up from my hips, creeping across my stomach, before gripping my tits through the bikini top. He roughly fondles them as he grinds on my ass, pulling one out of it's cup. The top is still a bit wet from being in the pool earlier and my damp nipple stiffens in the cool summer air, which he takes as an open invitation rub it between his fingers, pulling on it slightly.

"Let's get these titties out..." He slaps my exposed nipple - not too hard, just enough to make me feel it though. I stay still as his fingers work the knot behind my neck, the straps dropping down my body when it's undone. He quickly moves on to the next knot and eventually pulls the top right off me, both breasts now exposed "You won't be needing this any more!" He throws my top in to the lake and I watch, helplessly, as it drifts away in to the black.

He steps back and looks me up and down. I'm stood before him in the moon light, my red hair clinging to my face and neck, breasts exposed and pushed outwards as my hands are cuffed behind my back, just my green and gold bikini briefs giving me any cover, the rest of my flesh is exposed. He licks his lips as he drinks me in, ready to devour me. His eyes are full of lust as he steps back towards me "You really are a hot piece of ass..."

He squats down, kissing down my chest until he reaches my breasts, gripping my ribs with his hands to steady himself before attacking my globes with his mouth. "Ahhh! Uhh!" I cry softly as he loudly sucks on my nipples, moving from one to the other, coating them in saliva so the air stiffens them "Ah!" His teeth nip at my flesh as he slips one hand between my legs and roughly cups my pussy through my briefs, kneading his palm against it as his mouth continues to molest my tits. "Ohh.. ahh! Uhh!" I moan softly, my small cries echoing across the empty lake. "Uhh.. Ah!" He snakes the tip of a finger in to my briefs, the tight material trapping it against my damp pussy lips. I stand on my tip toes, instinctively trying to escape it as he wriggles it against my sex "Owww!" I throw my head back, crying out as he rubs a nipple between his teeth.

"Fucking lovely titties..." he moans between sucks on my nipples. He wriggles his finger in my panties and manages to brush it against my clit, eliciting an "Oh fuck..." from me as my pussy gets even wetter. He kisses back up my chest, pulling the finger from my briefs, both hands slipping around to grab my ass. He pulls me in close and forces his lips against mine. I keep my mouth shut as his hands grope my rear, his tongue pressing against my lips, trying to get in. My thoughts are all over the place, my brain is struggling to connect my current situation with the reaction of my body. He smacks my ass hard and pushes me a couple of steps back towards the water and I quickly part my lips, getting the message loud and clear. His tongue invades my mouth instantly, rubbing itself against my own.

I kiss him back, taking the hint when he starts to poke his trouser bulge against my crotch and grinding myself back against it while we "make out". He has one hand on the back of my head, the other grabs the back of my thigh, pulling it up against his waist, so I wrap my leg around his body, both to keep my balance and because I know he wants me to. His hand slides back along my thigh to my ass, groping it again while we dry hump each other on the dock.

His lips pull away from mine, a clump of my red hair tangled up in his fist "Mmmm, darlin', lets put that sweet tongue to better use..." He pushes down on the back of my head, so I quickly unwrap my leg from his waist. Getting on my knees is difficult with my hands cuffed behind my back, and I have to go down one leg at a time until my mouth is level with his crotch. Instantly, he pulls my face against his trousers, grinding himself against my face "You ready to show me how sorry you are Chloe?!"

"Ymph smph..." I am, but my words are muffled by his baggy trousers, my face pulled against the hard cock beneath them.

"I can't hear you!" He yanks my head back so I'm looking up at him.

"Yes officer!" I'm scared of him, but the fear has become such a turn on. It's like something in the air has intoxicated me. I'm repulsed by him, yet I want to please him.

"Good..." He uses his free hand to loosen his belt and the weight of his gun and other police equipment drags his trousers down to the ground. Well at least I was right about one thing: his uniform is too big for him...

His rock hard cock strains against the front of his white briefs. Without delay, he shoves his under wear down to his knees, his dick springing out, almost hitting me in the face. I flinch, trying to pull my head away, but his fist holds me in place. Even though he's only average in size, I can tell my fear is making him feel like he has a monster "Come on now Chloe, open them pretty lips..."

I stare at the stiff dick looming in front of me, then part my lips "Good girl..." I lean forward and wrap my mouth around the head of his knob, sliding down it slowly to the base. He lets out a loud moan above me as I pull back up, my wet tongue rubbing against the underside of his shaft "Ahhhhh... God damn Chloe, you got hot little mouth... yeah..." I rest my ass on my heels as I start to bob up and down on his cock, no stranger to giving head. He relaxes his hold on my hair, happy to let me work my magic in the moonlight.

"That's it girl... oh yea... keep it nice and slow for me... uhhh..." My saliva starts to coat his dick as I suck him off, lubricating it so my lips glide gently over his weapon "Damn I love this place... I bring you sluts here, and... uhhhh, fuck... no one bothers me..." I shouldn't be surprised this is not the first time he's done this, but for some reason I am "Anytime some little tramp wants to mouth off at me... mmmm... I fill that fuckin mouth and... Look at me..." I slide back to the top of his cock, the head poised just past my lips. I look up and see him smirking down at me, clearly enjoying the view of me, handcuffed and submissively sucking his dick, watching his face as he degrades me "I teach them a lesson..." On queue, I slide back down his cock, keeping my eyes on his face.

He places both his hands on the back of my head, groaning as his fingers stroke through my hair "Yeeaaahhhh... Old Donny keeps this place empty... mmmm... you know the story right?" He pulls me off his cock, a string of of saliva that runs from my lips to the tip of his dick glistens in the light of the moon.

I do know the story. The story of Donny Bilson, an awkward loner who was almost 7ft tall and lived in the woods with his mother. And how he brutally exacted revenge on a bunch of camp counsellors who had burned half his face after a prank had gone wrong. Using a burlap sack for a mask, he took a machete to the guys who disfigured him and fucked the girls who teased him in a night of horrific carnage. 

"Spit on it..." I lean over the top of his dick and spit on his shaft, then start sucking him again, his hands on my head pushing me harder and faster "Yeah, you know the story... ahhh... Those teasing sluts, got what they deserved if you ask me... mmmm... Just like you are now..." I slurp loudly on his cock, the sound of my wet, sloppy blowjob echoing around in the darkness.

"Ahh fuck! Such a good slut!" He grips the back of my head, holding it still. I can taste pre-cum on my tongue as he starts to pump his hips, speeding up quickly, shoving his cock in and out of my hot, wet mouth. Saliva dribbles down my chin as I try to cry out for him to slow down, my words muffled as he pushes in to my throat. He growls loudly above me as I choke on his manhood, his hands holding my head against his body, my nose buried in his pubic hair. I try to pull my head back but he holds me still, enjoying the feeling of my throat constricting on his dick, my vocal chords vibrating it as I try to scream.

"Urgh! Yes! Take it!" He pulls out of my throat, panting heavily, and I take the opportunity to quickly inhale through my nose before he starts to slowly fuck my mouth again "Do you know how that night ended Chloe?" 

I look up at him "Mphf..." My answer of no muffled on his pumping cock.

"Donny was shot, right here on this dock..." He inhales deeply, clearly trying to with-hold his impending orgasm, prolonging his pleasure for as long as possible "And do you know who shot him?"

Again, the same answer is muffled. 

"It was a DUMB! LAZY! PIG" He punctuates each word by slamming his cock into my throat, making me eat my words, his cock exploding on the last one. He moans loudly as he starts to shoot his load in my throat, pulling his cock out in to my mouth, pumping his spunk on to my tongue "Argh yeah! Swallow it all Chloe!" I grimace as I loudly gulp down his salty seed.

He lets out a loud sigh as he finishes cumming, pulling his softening cock from my mouth. I immediately starts to cough and splutter, struggling to catch my breath. I start to lean forward, spitting the taste of cum from my mouth on to the jetty, but quickly lean back when I remember my hands are still secured behind my back. I rest my ass back on my heels, staring down at my knees as I struggle to catch my breath, cum and spittle dribbling from my lips.

"Of course, I was just a rookie back then..." He's still out of breath as I look up at him quizzically "When I shot Donny. Was barely out of the academy when I got the call. Put him down right where you... well, went down..." He chuckles at his own joke "Put six bullets in him, then he fell down and rolled off in to the lake..." He reaches in to his top pocket, pulls out a pack of smokes and a lighter. He sparks one up and continues "Never did find his body. Guess that's why folks stay away from here. They say he rises up out of the lake any time someone gets near, ready to start fuckin and killin again..." He reaches down and grabs my hair, making me cry out "But I'm the only who does that now!" I look up at him, full of fear. "Oh no, not the killin part! Just the fuckin!" He takes a deep drag and blows the smoke back out "Don't worry, I wouldn't kill you... Be a real waste of a prime piece of ass!" He finishes his cigarette and flicks it in to the lake. 

I'm relieved. Obviously. But not as much as I could be. For some reason I'm worried that I haven't pleased him enough "Are... are we done?"

"Oh no Chloe..." He points at his cock "He's not done with you yet, not by a long shot!" He reaches back into his top pocket and this time pulls out a phone "Let's get a lil' memento. Spread those knees!" I apprehensively shuffle my knees apart, pushing my feet together under my ass, my bikini bottoms stretching over my pussy "That's it now lean back, stick those tits out!" I lean back uncomfortably on to my cuffed hands and stare up at the night sky, full of stars. It looks amazingly pretty, until the flash from his camera phone lights it up "Aww yeah! Maybe I should send some of these to that rich step-daddy of yours! Might make this years' Christmas card!"

Jesus, he wouldn't really send them to my step-dad would he?! Oh God, the humiliation would be too much - and yet the threat sends another shudder through me. I keep my face turned to the side, away from the camera as he snaps away, until he tells me to look at him. I slowly tilt my head up "That's it, let's see them pretty blue eyes." He takes a few more photos and I can see his cock is starting to stir again.

"Turn around..." I'm leaning quite far back and have to push my hands down against the jetty to propel myself back up, using my strong abs to lift myself until I'm back upright on my knees. I shuffle myself on my knees, slowly turning 180 degrees. I'm not being deliberately slow, it's just really hard to turn around on your knees when your wrists are shackled behind your back! I manage to turn around, the massive lake wide open in front of me, the cool night breeze tingling on my nipples.

"Good girl! Now get that head down and stick that ass up!" I grunt and whine quietly as I slowly lean down, the few yoga lessons I took last year before giving up actually helping me keep my balance now. One bad movement and I'll end up in the water. In hindsight I probably should have kept the lessons going, they were far more useful than the hangovers I gave them up for! I get my chin down against the damp wood of the dock, then stick my ass up in the air as ordered, shaking it a little "Oh yeah, that's the shot, right there!"
