 Between the first 'Vamps' installment and this one, Erica has learned about her improved psychic powers, including increased empathy. She has tried to find out who the vamp traitor is who is informing the vampire hunters of the vamps' daytime sleeping places. She has also been reconciled, somewhat, with Hal, the man who heckled her during her first striptease. He now thinks she is beautiful, thanks to the improved looks she's got from Andrea's bite. Now she is looking into the CNT Club to see if she can sniff out the vamp traitor there.

*****

The following night, I found the CNT Club; like the POUM, it was shrouded in a forest, but to the northeast of town, whereas the POUM Club was to the southeast of town, almost along the same longitude as the CNT. Also like the POUM, the CNT Club had male vamps protecting it from Christian vampire hunters. The original sign over the front door, Tramps, hadn't been taken down: a red V was spray painted over the Tr, but later, CUNT, in black lettering, was spray painted over all the original letters; then the C, N, and T were spray painted again, but in white, presumably to distract one from the obscenity of the black lettering. I went in.

Amid the loud techno music and flashes of strobe lights that coloured up and dotted the darkness, I saw the by-now-typical, perfectly curvy strippers, either half-naked or fully so, giving table- or lap-dances. One of them, a buxom blonde goddess in a white lace bra and thong, with matching fishnet stockings and high heels, approached me. Her vamp fangs were hidden in an overbite, behind full lips with lush, dark red lipstick.

"Hi," she sighed in a thick Slavic accent, her hand held out to shake mine. "My name is Anna Petrovich. Are you looking for a job here?" We shook hands.

"Well, I'm stripping in the POUMTANG Club right now," I said, "but if I like it better here, I might consider asking you for work."

"We're always looking for new blood," she said.

"Oh, I know that," I said.

"How many times have you been bitten? I'd say once, from the slight mark on your neck."

Since the mark was now practically invisible, especially in the darkness of the bar, I figured she must have psychically sensed its presence. "That's right, I've only been bitten once; but I'm eager for my second and third bites."

"We can help you with that, if you'll be willing to help us."

"Speaking of help, do you know of a vamp traitor who's telling the vampire hunters in town where you girls are sleeping?" I asked.

"We were hoping you could help us with the same thing," Anna said. "We've had three of our vamps destroyed, exposed to the hellish sun."

"Awful," I sighed. "I heard it was only one."

"Two more were destroyed today. That why I was hoping you could strip for us. We don't have enough girls here."

"That's too bad. I hate the bigotry against vamps here. We're not the Satanic beasts the Church says we are."

"And the Church isn't the pantheon of saints it pretends to be."

Same scholarly vamp vocabulary, I thought. So odd to hear such erudition in strippers, particularly in uneducated me, yet so cool, too. I'm sick of men always thinking we're all just a bunch of dummies. "How can I help?"

"First," she asked, looking me straight in the eyes with that hypnotic fire in hers, and stroking my hair. "Do you trust me?"

"I don't see...why not," I said, my vision already blurring and my head swimming. "I don't trust...the Catholics here."

"Then we must love each other." She kissed me on the lips. "But first, come get to know some of us. Come with me."

Anna led me through the bar, and I passed by the stage, where a short, tanned stripper with slight muscle tone was doing her third song, "It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)," by the Eurythmics.

Anna and I sat at a table close to the stage. We chatted as the nude girl onstage carried on with her floorshow. Apart from her awe-inspiring, curvy body, she had an unusually large clitoris. Crawling about barefoot with her legs spread wide apart and her ass pushed out, she had her pussy and asshole proudly on display for her rapt male audience at the tip rail.

Her pink pussy, with that protruding clit, was such sugary licorice; and her pretty, wrinkled asshole was like a puckered caramel kiss. Perfectly clean and fit to eat. 

"Who is that hot-looking girl?" I asked, ogling and not believing my developing lesbian cravings.

"Oh, that's Francine Tremblay, or 'Franny', as we all call her," Anna said.

"She's the sister of Fanny in POUM," a short, petite stripper with black hair said in a Spanish accent. She was wearing a dark red bikini and matching high heels. She had tiny but firm breasts. She sat beside me.

"Really?" I said. "They're sisters?"

"Yes," Anna said. "It's a small world, isn't it?"

"Yeah," I said. "Franny sure resembles Fanny. Their similar names are appropriate. I'm Erica," I said to the Latina girl, holding out my hand to shake hers.

"Maria Gonzalez," she said, shaking my hand. Her fangs were showing without inhibition.

"Nice to meet you," I said.

The song was over, and Franny got off stage without even bothering to put her clothes back on. Not that she needed to: her nakedness was a glory to see, even for those not sexually attracted to women.

"Hi, I'm Franny. You must be the new girl in POUM," she said in a French Canadian accent. We shook hands.

"Yes," I said. "I'm Erica George. Nice to meet you. You looked really beautiful onstage."

"Thank you," she said. I looked over at Anna, who I already envied and admired. Being a vamp had given her an inscrutable, beautiful calm and confidence. I wanted that coolness so badly. "So, where are you from, Anna?"

"Russia," she said.

"Your English is amazingly good," I said.

"It wasn't always," she said almost sadly. I assumed correctly that her vamp powers were responsible for the perfection of her grammar.

"What brought you to Canada?" I asked.

"A job opportunity here," she said with a frown, looking away.

"Why not strip in Russia?" I asked.

"Because I thought the job would be in social work," she said, still frowning and looking away. Her confidence was obviously also something she'd only acquired as a vamp. Her life before becoming a vamp had suddenly become all the more fascinating, as I could easily empathize with those lacking in self-assurance.

"Oh? The job offer was a lie?" I asked.

"Yes. About a year ago, these three strip-clubs were a front for human trafficking," Maria said. "We all got tricked into coming here, thinking we'd get good jobs. Instead, we were made into prostitutes against our will. Then the Vampire Revolution liberated us."

"Yes," Anna said. "A vamp named Leona Trotta bit me one night after I escaped. She made me a vamp, I returned, bit the other girls, and we killed the whole mafia family who had been holding us against our will. Now, the strip club is our own."

"Awesome!" I said. "These three strip clubs are the first ones I've ever seen where the strippers are actually the ones in the saddle. It's awful, though, that you were all sex slaves before." 

"I had been hoping for a good job to make money for my poor family in Mexico," Maria said, a tear running down her cheek. "Because of my being a slave here, I couldn't send any money home. My sick mother died because I couldn't give her any money to pay for medical help." She began sobbing, and Anna put her arm around her.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," I said. With my blossoming psychic powers, I could feel Maria's pain quite acutely. I almost wanted to cry, too, as if her mother had been my own. Of course, my own mother's death made it even easier for me to sympathize with poor Maria.

"My sister, Fantine, has an illegitimate daughter for whom she was hoping to earn money with the stripping job here," Franny added, snarling. "We were able to get our family in Chicoutimi to take care of the little girl, thank Empusa, but Fantine, an unpaid slave, was so distraught at not even being able to see her. Those mafia bastards! I'm so glad we sucked them all dry."

"I'm glad I never had to meet them," I said, feeling Franny's anger.

"Well, I have to go onstage," Maria said. "It was nice to meet you, Erica." We shook hands again, then she turned around and walked toward the stage.

"Bye," I said.

A man approached Franny. "Can I have a lap dance?" he asked her.

"Sure," she said, smirking, licking her lips, and contemplating all that delicious blood in him. She went with him to a VIP Room, never bothering to put on any of her clothes.

Two more strippers approached Anna and me, one of them a golden blonde and the other a dirty blonde. They smiled suggestively at me.

"Let's go upstairs now," Anna said to me. We got up and went with the two strippers to a staircase leading up to the second floor.

"So, what does CUNT stand for?" I asked. "I understand the Caledonia strip clubs' names are all acronyms."

"It stands for the Collective Union of Nudists and Transwomen," Anna said as we began ascending the stairs. "We got rid of the word 'Union' not only because it was redundant, but because we were getting flak from the Catholic community here for the acronym's 'obscenity'."

"So there are transwomen here who want bites to make them physically female, too, eh?" I asked. "Just like in POUM?"

"Yes," she said. "Transgender people from all over flock here to have the bodies their souls desire." We reached the top of the stairs and went into a bedroom, one not unlike the one I'd been in with Andrea, Christina, and Meg. The two other vamp strippers had entered first; having only worn bras, thongs, and high heels, they'd already stripped naked and were waiting for us on the bed. There was no need to tell me about the ritual for my second biting: we all psychically communicated this intention.

Anna removed her bra, revealing the two most beautiful, natural breasts I'd ever seen. Each of that soft pair of giant cake balls was topped with sweet berries for nipples.

Then she removed her thong, revealing her shaved pussy. Next to come off were her fishnets and shoes, and she was as nude as the two vamps on the bed. I quickly got naked, eager for that bite (not to mention the hot sex), and Anna and I got on the bed.

"Erica, meet Celina Helmer and Josie Beverley Druitt," Anna said. "Celina and Josie, meet Erica, a once-bitten who just started working in POUM."

"Hi," I said to them.

"Hi," Celina and Josie sighed in unison.

All three of them started caressing my arms, legs, and breasts as I lay on my back on the bed. Anna put those delicious breasts of hers on either side of my face and gently pressed them on my cheeks. Oh, their softness and smoothness! I was really coming to like lesbian love.

After she tickled my lips with her erect nipples, I asked, "When you...bite me, will I...Oh!...lose my will...completely?"

"Not quite," Anna said, gently kissing my left cheek and neck. "Only if...you'd been bitten...twice by...the same vamp...would your will...be all hers." She squeezed my right breast, pinching the nipple.

"Ah!" I moaned.

Josie, who also had lovely large breasts, began rubbing them against my belly as she sucked on my right breast. Her lips pulled on the nipple, and her tongue flickered back and forth on the tip of my nipple. 

Celina, with smaller, perkier breasts but ones no less tasty, had buried her face between my legs and was making my vulva as wet as her saliva-soaked mouth. She made buzzing noises on my hardening clit, wrapped her lips around each of my swollen labia, and slid her tongue deep inside my cunt, tickling my G-spot. She then slid her finger an inch or so inside my anus, bobbing it in and out. I sighed my thanks in a high pitch.

Anna was still kissing me all around my neck, nuzzling and nibbling gently. I waited eagerly for that bite! 

My sighs and squeals were getting higher and louder. As I got hornier and hornier, I feared the pain of that second bite, as well as the possibility that Anna wasn't being honest about how much control she would have over me after the bite. Would I completely lose my will, and be made her slave for an indefinite amount of time...maybe forever? 

Still, the vamps' expert lovemaking kept me more and more excited, and that pleasure relaxed any worries I had...though in the back of my mind, it occurred to me that such a relaxation would be a perfect way for me to surrender my will to them completely. 

My fear of the pain of the second bite, and of possibly losing all my will, didn't distract me from the pleasure, though: actually, that fear increased my excitement. My body was tensing up and shaking with anticipation of my nearing orgasm...and new vamp powers! 

Finally, I let out a scream, with my eyes squished shut, and I came; with perfect timing, Anna bit me the very second of my squirting pussy.

Again, I felt the numbing daze as of one on drugs, my perception blurrier and blurrier as I felt my blood being sucked out. I felt my will become more that of the vamps' Blood Collective than of my own. I just lay on my back, my head spinning.

"How do you feel?" Anna asked.

"High," I moaned.

"No marijuana or ecstasy ever made you feel stoned like that, eh?" Celina asked, grinning.

"No," I sighed. "Not like this."

"Celina has a wicked tongue, hasn't she?" Josie asked.

"No," I said. "She has a...very good tongue."

Celina laughed, always proud of her abilities.

"Do you feel more connected with us?" Anna asked.

"Yeah," I said.

"That's because your blood is merged with that of the Collective," Josie said.

"More and more, you're becoming one of us," Celina said, licking her lips and proudly baring her beautiful fangs with a sinful grin.

"You'll care more and more about our needs, and we'll care more and more about yours," Anna said.

"We vamps all love each other," Josie said.

"In mind...and body," Celina said, kissing my belly several times.

"How do I look?" I asked, getting off the bed on the left side. As with the first bite, my initial stupor was abating somewhat. "That bite didn't...hurt as much...as last time."

"The second and third bites hurt less and less," Celina said. "Your third will hardly hurt at all."

"Then you'll be impervious to pain," Josie said.

"A mirror is over there," Anna said, pointing to the wall to the right of the bed.

I went around the foot of the bed and approached the mirror, which went from the floor up to a few inches taller than I. I gazed on my frontal nudity, waiting for my blurry vision to focus.

What a difference! I was grinning in narcissistic adoration. My teeth, those four fangs, were sharper; my skin was whiter, but creamier and more delectable; my breasts were again larger, rounder, and firmer, like a perfect silicone job, only without silicone; and my curves were snake-like!

"How do you like yourself?" Celina asked.

"I think I'm in love with my body," I said.

"I think I am, too," Celina said with a lustful glint in her eye.

My eyes were welling with tears. Vamps rule! I thought. Wait till Hal sees me! He won't be able to resist me. I just hope...for his sake...that his love for me isn't only skin deep. "When do I get my third bite?" I asked. "I don't think I want to wait."

"After you've looked around the PSUC Club for us," Anna said. "When you're a thrice-bitten, you'll fully know the danger we're all in."