 Rick had just graduated High school and was enjoying his summer. He wasn't sure what he was going to do as he hadn't signed up to go to any college's and didn't really even have a plan except for relaxing the summer and then worrying about his future in September. He was still living at his parents house so it was easy for him to take it easy, plus he was pretty excited because they were going to Europe for most of it so he had the house mostly to himself for the next two months.

Rick was sitting out back by the pool listening to his Ipod trying to get a tan. He heard a loud bang all of a sudden the made him jump as he looked over and saw a moving Van pulling into the driveway next door. The house had been empty for years so it was surprising that someone was actually moving in there. As he looked his first thoughts were of some old retired couple living there who would do nothing but complain about noise if he decided to have any friends over or have a party which he was totally planning on doing.

He rolled out of his lounger and took a walk towards the front if the house to get a look at the new neighbors or anything that could tell him anything about them. As he got closer he saw the moving company open up the back of the van so he got a little closer to see. One of the first things they pulled out was what appeared to be some sort of statue wrapped in bubble wrap with fragile stickers all over it. The shape made it look like it could be an angel statue because he was sure there were wings. As he looked up he saw an old looking couch and some other items that just screamed old people. 

"Great!" he said to himself sarcastically. 

Shaking his head now a little worried about his summer plans turned away as he headed back inside the house unaware there was someone watching him from the window of the house behind him. He headed upstairs to his room and grabbrd his phone before sending a group message to a few friends seeing if anyone else would be able to have any sort of party because he wasn't sure how this new neighbor would affect his plans.

As they days went by all the moving vans eventually stopped but he never saw his new neighbor. He was a little surprised because he was expecting to be heading to his car and see some old lady who was deaf as a haddock waving and smiling at him but for the most part the house always seemed to be quiet. The only reason he knew someone lived there was because the lights would come on at night but that was it.

At one point he thought he saw one of them. It was a quick glance but he hear a car pull up and a door close so he quickly went to his window. By time he got there he could see a woman with blonde hair walking in to the front door but he didn't get a good look at her. She didn't seem old but he also figured maybe it was their daughter or something going to see their new house. The car was very nice looking, looked like a brand new camaro which he liked so he knew their daughter had good taste.

After a few more days he noticed the car had not left which just raised more questions. He really wanted to know who was living there but he didn't want to just walk over and knocked on the door. One day he finally heard something about his neighbor as his Mom was doing some last minute packing for their trip.

"Oh hey Ricky, have you met the new neighbor yet?" She asked seeing him walk past the bedroom.

"Huh? No, I think I saw their daughter stopping by to visit or something but no I haven't met them."

"It's only one person, a young woman named Victoria."

"Really?"

"Yeah, your father and I went over to welcome her to the neighborhood."

"Oh, I thought it was an old couple or something."

"Nope, actually she seems pretty young, I was surprised when I saw her."

"How young is she?"

"Oh I dunno, at first glance I'd say she was in her twenties but the way she spoke made it sound like she was older."

"How do you mean?"

"Just things she said, made me think she was more mature than she looked, but I guess some people age better than others."

"Mom I've seen documentaries on the beaches in Europe, you'll probably the hottest woman there."

"Though I know you are being a wise ass, thanks."

"Love you mom."

"Uhuh, I don't have to worry about you while we're gone do I?"

"What do you mean?"

"I made friends with Victoria, maybe I'll have her keep an eye on you."

"Trust me I'll be fine, no need for babysitters."

"I know, make sure you introduce yourself to Vicky when you see her."

"Vicky?"

"She said we could call her Vicky."

"Will do." He said as he continued back to his room.

Later that night he was lying in bed watching TV. His parents had gone to bed early as they had an early flight to catch so Rick was just trying to relax because he wasn't really tired. He flipped through channels but nothing good seemed to be on which was getting him aggravated. Suddenly he saw a light come on out of the corner of his eye. He turned his head out the window and saw the window across the way light up as the curtain was open a few inches. He almost got up to close his shade when he saw something interesting.

Through the small opening in her curtain he could see her standing at the end of her bed. She was wearing a strapless black dress and it looked like she had just gotten home from a nice party or something as she placed her purse down on the bed. She turned her back towards the window and grabbed the zipper behind her and started pulling it down as she was getting undressed.

Rick rubbed his eyes to make sure he was seeing what he was seeing. He hadn't actually seen what she looked like yet but from the small bits he was looking at she seemed to look amazing. The dress slipped off her falling to the floor. He could feel himself getting hard but was also starting to feel a little guilty like he shouldn't be watching this. He continued to watch as he realized she was not wearing a bra and he could just see the smooth skin of her back and her panties hugging what looked to be a finely toned ass. She pulled a pin out of her hair letting it fall against her back.

Rick's mouth was dry as he watched this. She suddenly turned around facing the window and he caught a glimpse of her breasts and he almost jizzed in his underwear at how amazing they looked. She was still looking down and hadn't noticed him yet but he suddenly started to panic a little so he rolled off his bed and onto the floor hiding behind it. 

Victoria heard the thud and looked up realizing the curtain was open. She walked over to the window and grabbed the two sides staring out into his bedroom with a smile on her face before she pulled them closed. Rick poked his head up from the floor and saw that she had closed the curtain which made him feel embarrassed thinking she had realized he had been watching.

He went to the end of his bed away from the window going to close his shade when he noticed he could still see her shadow through the curtain. It was a perfect outline of her figure as she continued to undress which was odd because the light didn't seem positioned like that before. He watched as she put her leg on her bed and started to pull off her stocking but she did it very slowly. She did the same with the other one and then she bent over and slid off her panties also in a slow fashion. If he didn't know any better he would think she was doing it all on purpose. Once the underwear was off she held it in the air letting it hang off her finger before dropping it on the bed.

Rick watched from the side of the window trying to stand out of the line of sight if she opened the curtain again. He watched her naked shadows stretch before getting down on the bed like a slow crawl. He could see the shape of her breast as the hung from her before she rolled on to her back bending her leg and sticking it in the air like she was stretching even more. Rick's jaw was on the floor as he watched all of this before the light finally turned off and the show was over. He still felt a little ashamed of himself but also shocked that he hadn't noticed sooner that his bedroom window was directly across from hers. 

He soon closed his curtain halfway and laid back down in bed trying to get some sleep. As he shut his eyes the curtain across the way peaked open as Victoria glanced across to his room. She could see him lying there with his back to the window and she knew he had been watching and also how turned on her was. She smiled to herself before closing the curtain again and heading to bed.

The next morning Rick awoke after having some very strange but erotic dreams. They were all a little scrambled and hard to make out but it was like he was getting brief images of sexual activity. It was like one moment he felt like he was getting his dick sucked followed by breasts in his face as someone bounced in his lap. He never saw her face just her body, he wasn't even sure it was the same woman every time. He slid his comforter over and went to get up but noticed the wet spot on the front of his boxer shorts. Apparently he had jizzed himself over night soaking his boxers and his blanket.

"What the fuck." He said heading to the shower and throwing his comforter and boxers in the hamper. "Okay so don't watch your neighbor strip and go to bed with a boner, got it." He said to himself before hopping in the shower.

He cleaned himself off and gotten dress before heading downstairs. There was a note on the fridge from his parents with some emergency contacts and a few meal idea and notes, where to reach them and so on along with some cash. He reached over and grabbed an apple before heading back upstairs when he heard the doorbell ring. He turned and headed for the front door not sure who would be stopping by.

Rich opened the door and said "Hello?" When he felt his heart start racing as he realized it was Victoria standing there.

He felt a pit in stomach as she stood there wearing sunglasses. He couldn't tell if she was angry or what but he couldn't help but notice how nice she looked even though she was wearing a t-shirt and jeans instead of the dress he watched her remove last night.

"Hi, it's Richard right?"

"Um, yeah Hi?"

"Thought so, I'm Victoria I'm your new neighbor."

"Oh okay," he said shaking her hand. " I knew someone had moved in but I hadn't seen you yet."

"Yeah, your parents stopped by the other day, nice people."

"Yeah they're pretty great." He said before he stood there awkwardly silent for a moment. "Um I'm sorry would you like to come in?"

"Sure!" She said smiling and walking past him into the living room. "Nice home you got here."

"Thanks, can I get you anything?"

"No I'm fine, I just wanted to talk to you about something."

His heart sank a little not sure what she was going to say as he thought about last night. "Really, about what?"

"Well your Mom asked if I could check in on you from time to time while they are away."

"Oh, really?"

"Yup and I told them no problem."

"I see....... "

"Look Richard, or should I call you Dick?"

"Um, most people call me Rick."

"Oh, I like Dick better, but alright." The way she said it hit him in a way he couldn't tell if she was joking or not. "I'm not here to be a babysitter or watch you through the window, you're a teenager and I'm sure you have some big plans for the summer and as far as I'm concerned have fun, hell maybe I'll even join you some night if you want."

"Well um...... you're definitely welcome to use the pool any time you want."

"Thanks, I'll probably take you up on that. Listen I just don't want you to think I'm spying on you for your parents or anything, and honestly feel free to come over any time you want if you're just bored or lonely, I don't know anyone in town and I'm sure we can keep each other entertained this summer, I want us to be friends, if that's alright with you?"

He was listening to what she was saying and kept hearing little things that made think. She made a comment about watching him through the window, how she said she liked Dick better, and wanting to hang out with him, he was starting to wonder if she was flirting with him or if he was just hearing things.

"Um sure, I'll definitely come over and hang out Victoria"

"Sounds good, and you can call me Vic." She said with a smile as she headed towards the door opening it before she turned back and said "oh and about last night, I won't tell your parents."

"Last night?............ what um.... what do you mean, what happened last night."

"Ha, you're cute but you aren't very subtle."

Rick was a little nervous but didn't want to say anything until he knew for sure what she was talking about. "Subtle about what."

"It's fine really, I should have checked my window before I started taking my clothes off, and honestly it was kind of nice having someone want to watch me for a change, hasn't happened in a while." She said sliding her sunglasses down and giving him a wink before shutting the door behind her.

Rick stood there shocked for a second. She had seen him last night and on top of that she didn't seem to care. Who was this woman and how could she afford a house by herself. He realized his Mom was right and she didn't look any older than maybe 25 and she was gorgeous too. He tried to convince himself that she wasn't flirting with him and just tried to calm himself down a little. He ran up to his room and looked across the way seeing her shades closed and quickly closed his. He looked around and grabbed his car keys to go for a drive just to clear his head for a while.

A few days went by and he hadn't seen her or heard from her at all. Her car was gone most of the day so he assumed she worked or whatever and didn't give it much thought. He had rationalized his conversation with her and realized there was nothing there and he shouldn't overthink it. He decide.to throw on his bathing suit and hit the pool to cool off as it was a warm day.

He walked out the back door and stopped as he realized there was someone sitting in one of the lounge chairs by the pool. It was Victoria wearing an amazing looking red bikini just soaking up the sun as she looked like she had just gone for a swim.

"Oh, um.... Hi Victoria, I didn't know you were here?"

"Please call me Vic. I'm sorry I should have called or something first, my apologies."

"No, none needed it's fine, I said you could use it anytime you wanted and we're all adults here right."

"Yes we are."

"Okay than." he said as he turned back towards the house.

"Oh hey, don't let the fact that I'm here change your plans, go for a swim, I can leave if you want?"

"No no, you're fine right there."

"Once again I'm sorry, I didn't mean to surprise you."

"No worries, Honestly it's the best surprise I've gotten all week." He said before thinking to himself "stop flirting you idiot."

He was using his towel to hide the issue growing in his shorts trying to get into the pool before she noticed. He walked to the other side placing his towel down and climbing in via the ladder with his back towards her before letting go and feeling the cool water hoping it would shrink him back down to size. Usually he would pace himself before getting in that quickly but he was more nervous about her seeing his shorts than the temperature of the water.

"Water's nice isn't it." She said.

"It's great, especially on a hot day like today."

"Here, I'll join you." She said standing up and walking to the edge before diving in.

She swam under him before coming up behind him sliding her hair back as she emerged. Rick was worried because despite the coldness of the water he was still hard as a rock and was desperately hoping she wouldn't notice.

"So, what are your plans now that you're out of school?" She said floating closer to him.

"Um, not sure, just trying to enjoy my summer and worry about the future in the fall."

"Oh really?"

"Yup, and I know it sounds irresponsible or whatever but I just needed a break you know."

"No I get it, high school can be rough, you need time to clear your head and just have fun you know, that's how I live my life, just having fun."

"Wow, sounds like um..... fun."

"You don't have to be so nervous around me you know."

"What do you mean?"

"When I came over the other day you practically wet yourself wondering if I was going to scold you for watching me undress."

"Oh..... you noticed that?"

"And I see you desperately trying to hide your boner from me now, you don't have to."

Rich blushed a little as she mentioned the issue in his shorts. "I'm sorry, and what do you mean?"

"I mean if I caused It I at least want to see my work."

"What?" He said shocked.

"Calm down, I'm just screwing with you!"

"Oh?"

"You think you're the first young guy who has been like this around me?"

"Wow you're just very um......"

"Look I've been dealing with guys drooling over me most of my life, it gets annoying being this beautiful sometimes." she said whipping her hair back in an over dramatic fashion.

"A bit full of yourself I see." He said jokingly..

"You joke but it gets exhausting sometimes, and like I said the other day I'm not here to babysit you and I really want us to be friends."

"Really? But I don't even know what you see in me, I'm just a dumb teenager and you're.......... how old are you again?...... Wow I'm sorry that's a horrible thing to ask a lady."

"A lady? See right there, you try so hard to be polite, and felt bad when you asked my age, I don't meet a lot of guys who don't introduce themselves by saying hey Baby."

"Just I feel like it's been very awkward since the window and everything."

"If you want to know a secret, after I shut the curtain I knew you could still see my shadow, and I admit I put on a little show for you."

"Really?"

"I know, I'm actually a little embarrassed by it, but it felt nice that a guy was checking me out, like I said it hasn't happened in a while."

"Bullshit, you're a stone cold fox, who wouldn't check you out?"

"Are you flirting with me?"

"Um....... I uh..."

"Haha, relax, I won't tell you my age but I am older than I look, but I am serious about hanging out though, like why don't you come over Wednesday night and I'll make you dinner."

"Um, okay, sure."

"Like I said you need to relax, we'll eat and watch a movie or something, it will be totally casual."

"Sounds good, Netflix and chill.............I mean........... you want me to bring anything?" he said hoping she didn't get that reference.

"Just your sweet ass!"

"Um....."

"Ha, I love the look on your face when I do that."

"Yeah well........."

"I can stop if it makes you feel uncomfortable."

"No, It's okay, we're adults right, we can joke around about anything...... just don't be surprised if I start joking back."

"Looking forward to it, I'll see you Wednesday." She before climbing out of the pool.

He watched the water dripping off her skin as she walked up the stairs. It was almost like she was walking in slow motion. It was going to be hard with her if she kept flirting like she was he might ruin his pants during dinner. He did start to think though that if she was that open with sexual humor maybe he could start to feel comfortable around her.

"No shows tonight right?" he said hoping she'd understand he was joking.

"Ha, In your dreams maybe." she said grabbing her towel and heading back home.

Rick floated in the water watching her walk away. He was nervous about hanging out with her at her house and having dinner. He was worried about whether or not he would be comfortable and also didn't want to insult her by taking a joke too far. He also began to wonder what if they did end up having sex. It was far fetched but still he was a bit nervous thinking about it.

----------------------------
