 A Week and gone by and everything had been great. Mr Johnson had only been in the hospital for a few days before he was released. Rick and Victoria were relieved there was no permanent damage from the incident and it apparently seemed to work as him and Jen seemed closer than ever. Victoria even entered their dreams a few times just to see how they were doing and apparently after a few days of reluctance they were having sex again. It was a little victory that she took to heart and made her feel good. She had felt bad that he had almost died but she was trying to take the good with the bad as it was all she could do given what she had done.

Rick was still unaware of what she had done that night after The Johnsons sexual escapade. She felt so guilty and wanted to tell him as she knew she had betrayed his trust and wasn't sure he would ever forgive her for it. Taking that life made her feel so good and even more powerful. It was like fucking that poor guy to death and taking all of his energy subdued her hunger and lust and made her feel human again but she knew it wouldn't last and that they still needed a solution. As good as she felt she could feel something dark inside her and knew the hunger would return.

She had shared the energy with Rick giving him a similar boost that he was surprised about. He assumed it was everything she had gotten from Jonathan considering he almost died and felt great so they hadn't really invaded anyone's dreams lately. It was a beautiful morning as Rick awoke to the sun shining through the window. He looked up and saw Victoria with a smile on her face sitting on his lap wearing nothing but a t-shirt. Even after months of living with her she still was a sight to see every morning

"Good morning beautiful." He said as his eye's began to focus.

"Hey." She simply said staring at him.

"Everything alright?"

"I was just thinking."

"About?"

"About the first time we had sex."

"Really?"

"Yeah, it was right here, in this bed, the night of the pool party."

"Oh I remember."

"I had waited for that night, I wanted you so badly and then you came over here took me, no more question, no more what if, just you and me in eachothers arms."

"Was I any good?"

"Seriously?"

"It was my first time and really didn't know what the fuck I was doing, I just knew I wanted you."

"It was... amazing."

"You're just saying that."

"No, really it was everything I wanted it to be, but what about you?"

"What about me?"

"Did you enjoy it as much as I did?"

"It was great, probably better for me than it was for you, but my favorite time was that night on the couch."

"After you fed off Cindy and transformed?"

"Yeah."

"Why?"

"Because it was the first time you and I made love that wasn't because of some plan or scheme, there was no struggling with emotions or hidden plot to kill me."

"I said I was sorry."

"What I'm saying is that was the night when it was just you and me, no Nessira or goal or anything, it was us finally being together because it was what we wanted."

"That's... kinda sweet." She said with a smile.

"I admit it would have been better if Cindy wasn't passed out naked in the kitchen but, that was the night I remember most."

"Well, let's make some more good memories shall we?" She said pulling off her shirt and laying down on top of him with her lips pressed against his.

Rick wrapped his arms around her feeling her skin as he slid his fingers down her back. He slid his hands around her ass feeling her smooth cheeks with his palms for a moment before he rolled her over getting on top of her and pulling her leg up as he caressed her thigh before kissing her neck.

"Oh yeah." She said before her eyes started to glow.

"No, no demons."

"I thought you liked my demon side."

"I love your demon side, but right now I'm going to fuck you like a man with the woman he loves, here where we did it the first time."

Her eye's returned to normal as she looked at him with a love she hadn't known in a long time. He constantly surprised her and she knew he was her soul mate. Even after everything that had happened to her she had never been happier than she was right now with him. Victoria suppressed her demonic side as he continued to please her. He tasted her skin and traced his tongue all along her body making her moan, giving her goosebumps with his touch. He slid down her stomach and began teasing her clit with little moist taps. It wasn't long before she began to get damp and he tasted her juices on his tongue. 

A succubi's sexual fluids were like an aphrodisiac. Use a little of it on a human and it would drive them crazy with lust. It has remarkable effects on people yet they have never used it on anyone for fear it would cause too much damage. Luckily because Rick was no longer human all it did was get him more turned on before he fucked the hell out of her. He felt his cock growing harder as he continued to pleasure Victoria. Hearing her little whimpers sent chills through him knowing he was pleasing her. He gave her clit one last little suck making her body shake a little before she pulled his head up towards his. He was about to slide his cock inside her when she stopped him.

"Not yet." She said pushing him down on the bed. "Let me return the favor." She said as she lowered her head down near his erect member.

She began to gently caress his cock with her fingers. He let out a moan of approval as she tickled his member sending waves of pleasure through him. She grabbed his shaft holding it before she began to lick his tip like and ice cream cone giving it a few gentle kisses. Rick felt her hand slide under his balls gently rubbing them while she continued to lubricate his cock with her spit giving it a shine as he waited to be inside her. She wrapped her mouth around his cock taking it deeper than he expected as his head shot forward. He couldn't believe how talented she was and thanks god he was an Incubus because any mortal would die from the pleasure she could inflict upon them, and knowing that he almost envied her victims having been one himself.

"Oh fuck!" He moaned out.

She smiled at him releasing his cock letting it bob there as she crawled up towards him positioning her still dripping pussy above his member. He felt he juices dripping on his cock which sent a fiery sensation through him as he waited to be inside her. She gave him a few gentle kisses still hovering above him before he felt the warm lips of her pussy finally lower around his member as he slid inside her. As many times as they had fucked since they met every time was still amazing. He loved her more and more and knew she was the only woman in the world who could satisfy his lust and that she did many time. His cock which was well lubricated as it slid in and out of her begged for release but he always knew how to hold himself back to make it last as long as possible. 

She was gentle this time as she slowly moved her hips massaging his cock inside her enjoying every movement. She was doing her best to suppress her dark side and enjoy the moment. They had gotten so used to letting themselves go and releasing their demonic side during sex that it was nice to just enjoy each other for a change with now wings, no tales, not supernatural sensations, just sex. Rick had his hands sliding up her body feeling her smoothness in his hands. His hands arrived at her breasts and she grabbed them holding them against herself as she bit her lip feeling the pleasure begin to explode inside her. Her pussy tightened around his cock squeezing it like she was ready to suck the life from him but due to what he was it would cause him no harm as their bodies were connected in a way that they shared their energy with each other letting it flow between them like a whirlwind.

She finally collapsed against him covered in sweat and breathing heavily as she lyed against his chest listening to his heart beat. He wrapped his arms around her holding her tightly as they both enjoyed the after effects of the moment. Neither one of them were sure how long they laid there but it didn't matter as they had nowhere to be.

The silence was broken by the sound of Rick's phone going off. He turned his head towards his night stand realizing it was already almost noon time on this Saturday. He was surprised to see Edwards name pop up on it which was surprising to him because he hadn't heard from him since that night he left the party with Cindy. He assumed Ed thought he was mad at him and even headed off to college without a word. What he didn't know was why he was calling him now.

He picked up his phone as Victoria rolled over lying on the bed next to him. "Hello?" He said answering the phone.

"Hey Rick, it's Eddie."

"Hey man, long time no see."

"Yeah, it has been."

"So what's up?"

"Listen I was hoping we could talk."

"Okay, what about?"

"About Cindy, and the pool party."

"Ed, there's nothing to talk about, water under the bridge."

"Really? Just like that?"

"Yeah, some things went down that night and honestly they went down for the better."

"I didn't sleep with her, she was acting weird so I brought her home instead."

"Like I said, doesn't matter, we're good."

"Okay, good to know, hey I'm home for the weekend with my new girlfriend, you want to do something?"

"Sure, hey why don't you come to my place for dinner?" He said before he stopped and looked at Victoria wondering if he should have asked first.

She knodded with approval mouthing the words "yeah that be fine."

"Okay cool, still living at home." Eddie said.

"Um, close, I live with Victoria."

"No shit! You and Victoria? How the fuck did you pull that off?"

"It's a long story, I'll tell you about it later."

"Dude that is awesome, but yeah see you tonight, what time?"

"How about 6:00?"

"Will do, talk to you later." Eddy said before hanging up the phone.

"Sorry, I probably should have asked."

"No problem, this is our home." She said kissing him and lying back down with him for a little while.

----

Later on they were getting set up for them to arrive and Rick couldn't help but notice how nervous Victoria seemed. She was very quiet as she pulled out glassware and plates like she was trying to focus on the task at hand.

"You alright?" He asked.

"Huh?... oh yeah I'm fine."

"Do you want me to tell him another night?"

"No, it's just..."

"What is it, you can tell me."

"I haven't entertained in a while."

"You entertained me a few months back, and you're a great cook."

"Thanks, but I mean I haven't really had company or anything in years, yeah there was you and... lets just say I haven't had company that I wasn't trying to seduce."

"Okay, well don't seduce Ed."

"You know what I mean."

"Just relax, tonight we play human, it will help distract us from... other things."

"Yeah, you're probably right."

"Trust me, Eddie's a good guy, and I'll be right here with you the whole time."

"I love you so much." She said throwing her arms around his shoulders.

"Yeah, I know, but I'm a sucker for older woman so."

"That's enough out of you."

"Sorry but for 60 you are looking fine!"

"I'm not sixty, I'm 24, at least to Eddie."

"Sounds good."

"Do I act like a 24 year old?"

"Huh?"

"I mean, I don't act like a 60 year old do I?"

"I never thought you were that old for a second, how do you do that anyway?"

"Do what?"

"You act like the perfect 24 year old."

"Yeah, I don't really want to talk about it."

"Okay?"

"It's just something that I did that..."

"Tell me."

"You aren't going to like it."

"That was the old you, don't hide things from me please."

She felt a pit in her stomach from his word thinking about what she had done the other night before she said "Nessira did something, she tricked some young girl and basically... I absorbed her soul."

"Wait, so she wasn't one of the virgins?"

"No, she wasn't, she was one of their girlfriends and she came looking for him and..."

"Okay, I get it."

"I'm sorry Rick I just..."

"No need to apologize Victoria, we've been through this, it's fine."

"Rick I love you, but it will never be fine."

"I know, just another reason we have to work together, I can forgive you but you have to learn to forgive yourself."

"Its hard because sometimes... I don't always feel like I have a choice all the time."

"You always have a choice Vic." He said taking her hand trying to comfort her.

"Rick... I need to tell you something."

"What is it?"

"The other night... I um..."

DING DONG! the doorbell suddenly went off interrupting them.

"Oh our guests are here." She said suddenly getting all bright and excited before heading to the door.

Rick was a little concerned by what Victoria was talking about and wanted to know what she wanted to tell him but he put on his happy face and followed her to the door. He walked up behind her as she opened the door

"Hey Rick, how's it going, Victoria is he drugging you, you can tell me?"

"Shut up, good to see you Eddie, and this is?" She said looking at the brunette on his arm with tattoos all along her left arm.

"This is my girlfriend Kate."

"Hi nice to meet you." Kate said shaking Victoria's hand followed by Rick's.

Kate was an attractive girl with a cute face, she had plump looking lips like she cared a lot about her appearance even though she didn't need to do much. Her tattoos did nothing to dull her beauty in fact they even helped. Rick looked her over but still didn't find her better looking than Victoria.

"So Ed, how in the hell did you bag a girl like this?" Rick asked "You know you can do better right?" He said looking at Kate.

"Haha, we met at school, she sat behind me in class and tried to copy off my test."

"That is bullshit, I needed to borrow a pencil sharpener."

"That's what she keeps saying that but I know the truth." Ed said bragging a little. 

"The truth is I did better than you on that test." 

"A girl smarter than you, well that's not hard but I'm still trying to figure out what she sees in you?" Rick said.

"He's actually a very sweet guy, but hey tell me about you two, how did you guys get together?"

"That's um... a long story." Rick said looking over at Victoria who just smiled at him.

"Well I moved in this passed summer and he lived next door, we started spending time together and it just sort of happened."

"That's so cute!" Kate said after hearing Victoria's story.

"Yeah, speaking of how the hell did that happen?" Eddy said jokingly

They chatted a little while longer before they sat down for dinner. They all had a great chat as Rick and Eddy caught up on things while Victoria and Kate really hit it off as well to Rick's surprise. After dinner she helped Victoria with the dishes while the guy's continued their conversation.

"So Victoria, how does a young beautiful woman like you have her own house, a great guy, I mean you have it all?"

Victoria was listening as she suddenly began to feel strange. Her heart was starting to race and she began to feel a little flustered. She wasn't sure what the problem was something just didn't feel right.

"What the hell!" She said under her breath.

"Are you alright?" Kate asked.

"Huh? Oh yeah just something in my mind, sorry."

"No worries, but hey I'm a great listener if you need to talk, if you have something on your mind anyway."

"You seem very trusting?"

"I know what Rick means to Eddie, and you mean a lot to Rick so you must be a good person."

Victoria listened to Kate taking that comment to heart. She hoped that deep down she was a good person still but something dark was lurking inside her. She knew it was there scratching at the door but wasn't sure what to do about it or even if there was something she could do about it.

"Hey who wants to take a ride down to Charlie's for some bowling?" Eddie said standing between the dining room and kitchen. "We could bowl, play some pool, who's in?"

"Um, I don't know if I feel up to it." Victoria said with an unsure look on her face.

Rick stood up and looked in at her. "You okay?"

"Yeah I'm fine, just don't really feel like going out."

"Hey how about you and Rick go and I'll stay here with Victoria? I mean if it's okay with her." Kate said.

"Um, sure that's fine."

"Great, can give us a chance to get to know each other."

"Is that alright with you Vic?" Rick asked.

"Yeah, we're getting along great, you two go have fun."

"Okay, we won't be gone long."

"Rick I'm not your mother, just don't do anything stupid." Victoria said.

"Yes Ma'am."

Victoria gave him a look like she was ready to smack him before he walked over and gave her a kiss. Him and Eddie got into his car and headed down the road while Victoria and Kate headed into the living room with a few drinks sitting down on the couch together.

"So Victoria, you and Rick."

"What about us?"

"Just you gotta be in your mid 20's I'm guessing, and he's only 19, I'm not judging just curious as to how it all works?"

"How it works?" Victoria said almost chuckling a little.

"Sorry, I'm being nosey."

"No, you're fine, Rick and I, it was something we both tried to fight at first, we both knew something was there but neither of us wanted to admit it, especially me."

"Had you heart broken before I take it?"

"You could say that."

"Rick seems great though."

"Rick is... amazing, I don't know what I'd without him."

"Oh, that is just so cute, I'm sorry it's just you two look so in love, I just don't see that that often."

"What about you and Eddie?"

"Eddie is great."

"But?"

"We're freshman in college, I'm just not sure if I'm ready to really commit to anyone just yet, you know?"

"Well let me give you some advice..." Victoria said as she suddenly began to feel strange again.

After a moment of silence Kate said "You okay Vic?" looking at her as she had a disturbed look in her eye's.

"I um..." Victoria said as she began to feel like the room was getting warm.

She could feel her heart racing and was beginning to feel wet between her legs. She looked at her guest sitting on the couch near her and began to look her over. She looked incredibly sexy to her all of a sudden which was strange because she wasn't usually attracted to girls. She felt this strange energy begin to grow inside her filling her with thoughts and ideas and it was becoming harder to fight it.

"Oh no!" She said under her breath

---

Down the street at Charlie's Rick and Eddie were playing a game of pool together. The place was quiet and empty for the most part so there was not a lot of noise of distractions.

"So tell me bro, how the hell did you nab Victoria?"

"That's a long story."

"Well I planned on staying here for a while, not sure about you."

"Ha, well it started the night of the pool party actually."

"Really?"

"After you left with... after everyone left I noticed she was still awake, she had told me before she left that I could stop by if I wanted to talk after what happened with Cindy."

"Again dude, I'm so sorry."

"It worked out, that was the night Victoria and I... we got together."

"You fucked her didn't you?"

"Really dude?"

"Hey I'm just curious, that's awesome, was it amazing?"

"Dude, you have a girlfriend, and she's a nice piece of work if you don't mind me saying."

"Yeah Kate's gorgeous but..."

"But?"

"We haven't actually... slept together yet."

"Really?"

"Yeah, and it's not from a lack of trying."

"Well, maybe she's just not ready yet."

"Maybe, I dunno, just getting hard you know, just not sure she's as in to me as I am her."

"Well you can't force it, just let it happen when it's supposed to."

"When the hell did you become so wise?"

"Well son, when you meet the right woman you just feel..."
