 Rick was against the wall powerless to stop the woman he loved from choking him to death. He thought back to when he was doing this to Nessira and began to wonder if this was her way of getting back at him. He struggled to catch his breath as Victoria looked at him with glowing red eyes but just as he was about to black out he saw her expression change and her grip loosen before he fell to the floor struggling for air.

"Oh god... Rick?" She said in her own voice unsure of what had just transpired.

"Cough!" All Rick could do was cough and try to catch his breath.

He was on all fours trying to steady himself as he felt very light headed and hurt from her attack. He looked up at her and tried to reassure her he was alright though the look on his face said otherwise as she fell back on the bed with a look of confusion on her.

"Victoria...cough... are you alright?"

"What is going on, what happened?"

"Long...story..."

"Oh my God Rick," she said dropping to the floor to check on him. "I am so sorry!" She said throwing her arms around him.

For a moment Rick forgot about everything that had happened. In her embrace he felt her warmth and breathed in her scent and had forgotten about everything with Nessira and the woman downstairs in the refrigerator. Everything was perfect again as he had the woman he loved in his arms.

"Please, let me make it up to you." She said before planting her lips against his.

She tasted just as sweet as always and he could feel himself getting hard. He kissed her back placing his hand on her cheek as he wanted nothing more than to take her right here and now. Things began to get hot and heavy as they both fell to the floor as she pulled her shirt off before reaching for his pants pulling them off as she slid her hands in to his underwear. The feeling of her hand caressing his swelling member sent a chill through him until he remembered what was done to him.

"Wait... wait wait wait... we can't." He said pulling away from her.

"But I want you so bad right now!" She said kissing him again unsure why he was resisting her.

"No seriously, we have to stop."

"Why?"

"Because there are things you don't know."

"Like what?"

"Like I am human now, having sex with you could... well kill me."

"What? That doesn't make any sence, how is that even possible."

"Because Nessira... She did this to me, and she's... she's alive in you."

"What?" Victoria said as she thought back to the last thing she remembered.

She could hear the laughter followed by flashes of different things. She saw herself having sex with Rick, followed by images of some Red Headed woman whom he fucked to death. She saw him choking her at some point as well which she enjoyed a little bit they were just flashes and not solid memories.

"It wasn't a dream was it?" She asked.

"No, it wasn't, and it gets worse."

"What did she do?"

"It's what I did."

She looked at him with a worried look in her eye's unsure of what he was going to say to her. "What did you do?"

"I killed an innocent woman, I fucked Nessira thinking it was you, then she took my power before she tricked me again in a dream and she... we fucked again."

Victoria looked at him and he could see the anger building in her eyes until it changed to a guilty look. Rick wasn't sure what she had to be guilty about but now he wasn't sure how to feel or how she was feeling as well.

"Rick I... I need to tell you something."

"Anything."

"I killed someone as well."

"What? When?"

"The night we used that spell on the Johnson's, I went and invaded some guys dreams and... sucked the life out of him.

"Why?"

"Because I had to, I was starving and what we were doing wasn't working, I had to so something."

"Why didn't you just tell me?"

"Because I didn't want to let you down, I don't want to be a killer, I don't want either of us to kill but it's what we are, and I didn't want to put that burden on you, I have killed before and you hadn't."

"I think we both have plenty to be sorry about, but about Nessira."

"That bitch is going to pay, nobody tricks my man and fucks him." She said standing up with fire in her eyes. "I will cut the bitch out of me if I have to."

"Well first we have to so this ritual, that woman I killed is in the freezer downstairs."

"Oh, you found that?"

"I'm assuming it was for me?"

"Um..."

"Yeah I figured as much, anyway there is a ritual we have to do that will separate you two and place Nessira in to her."

"And then we kill her again!"

"Well..."

"Well what?"

"Nothing, I just don't know what's going to happen when this is over."

"The ritual is pretty standard, as long as the symbols are correct it should be short and sweet."

"How do you know that?"

"Because I've done it before."

"What?"

"I don't want to talk about it."

"No, no more secrets, what happened?"

"You know what happened, I told you about the girl."

"The girl?... oh, the soul you used to know how to act young?"

"Yes, she's still in there, her name, her family, her friends, it's all a part of me now, and I don't want Nessira to become a part of me."

"She won't, we will figure this out and get her out of you."

"Then what?"

"What do you mean?"

"There is going to be victims as long as we are alive."

"What are you saying?"

"I'm saying that if I die then Nessira dies with me, you're human and you can go an have a normal life, away from all this danger, I'm sorry I ever got you involved with all of this."

"I am going to pretend I never heard you say that."

"I... I'm sorry, for everything." 

"Don't be, like I said we'll figure it out, all of it, one problem at a time.

"You're right, one problem at a time." She said as she kissed him before her eyes turned red and she stared into his.

"Victoria, what are you..."

Rick began to feel strange but it was a feeling a remembered from before. He closed his eyes as he felt like his mind was being invaded. It was strange almost like he was being violated but when he opened his eye's he was still in the bedroom but everything felt different. The moonlight was shining through the window lighting up the room with a blue glow. It was a scene he had known very well from some of his best memories of having this dream with Victoria. He jumped to his feet and looked around until he saw Victoria laying on the bed smiling at him wearing a very sexy very see through sheer nighty waiting for him.

"No no, I'm not falling for that again Nessira."

"It's me Rick, and if she wants you she'll have to go through me."

"I think that's her plan, but this is how it started last time, I'm sorry Victoria but I don't... I can't trust you."

"I see, are you sure?" She said as she stretched out on the bed bending her leg getting him turned on."

"God dammit."

"Trust me, God can't help you from what I want to do to you."

"Victoria I want this so badly, you have no idea how bad I want you right now."

"Then why fight it?"

"Because, I've been tricked before."

"Maybe I can convince you otherwise." She said sliding her hand on to the front of his pants feeling his growing cock.

"I think you should give her what she wants." Another woman's voice said from behind him.

Rick turned and saw Nessira standing in the doorway smiling at him. Victoria sat up surprised to see her as well but before she could get out of bed Nessira raised her hand causing Victoria to fall back moaning as she seemed to be experiencing some form of physical pleasure.

"What are you doing to her?"

"Rick, I don't have a problem sharing if she doesn't." She said walking up behind him and wrapping her arms around before sliding them down feeling the lump in the front of his pants as Victoria continued to writhe in the bed. "It really was her doing this you know, I just decided to join the fun."

"Why are you doing this, just let me have her, you will have your own body soon enough."

"Ha, haven't you learned a thing about me? I want it all, and I think I've had a change of heart" Nessira said before letting him go and climbing into bed with Victoria.

"What do you mean?" He asked as Nessira ignored him.

Victoria was still writhing as she felt sexual stimulation flowing through her body. Nessira climbed on top of her and began to kiss her while Rick stood by and watched unsure of what to do or feel. She waved her hand causing Victoria's nighty to disappear before Nessira began to kiss her body tracing her lips down licking Victoria's breasts. Rick listened to them both moan out enjoying each others touch as he watched the woman he loved and the woman he lusted for in each other's embrace. He had never been more turned on than he was right now.

"I think Rick over there is ready to pop don't you think?" Nessira said as she looked over at him.

Victoria looked over at him as well with the same red glowing eye's as Nessira. She smiled as if she was no longer herself or under some sort of control. Her and Nessira continued to rub their hands all over each other as if trying to turn Rick on as he stood there unable to move his feet.

"I think I have an idea." Nessira said as she looked back down at Victoria who was still under her sexually charged trance before Nessira planted her lips to hers again.

Rick tried to move but couldn't when he noticed something strange happen. As Nessira continued to seduce Victoria pressing her lips to hers savoring the flavor. Victoria seemed to be losing herself to the lust but what was even stranger was the fact that Victoria's hair had begun to change color.

"What are you doing to her?" Rick asked still unable to move.

Nessira ignored him as she continued to assualt Victoria kissing her body moving her lips down between her legs. He watched with his cock buldging in his pants as Nessira began to eat out Victoria making her moan out loudly and thrust her hips forward. Her beautiful blonde hair had begun to darken and change a shade of red. Her eye's glowed with the same fiery passion of Nessira's.

Rick suddenly jerked awake laying in the bed confused. He took a moment catch his breath as he was covered in sweat and not sure what had just happened. He felt a pain in his hand that had him confused but it was mild compared to the thoughts rushing through his head after what had just happened. As he sat up he suddenly felt Victoria's hand slide across his chest as if trying to comfort him. He noticed something else that he thought was strange looking down at her arm.

"It's okay baby." She whispered in his ear before he looked over and was shocked by what he saw.

He saw Victoria looking at him but something was very wrong. She looked like herself but her hair was bright red like Nassira and her eyes were no longer the same as they used to be. She was covered with symbols all over her body that looked like they were painted on with blood. He looked down and saw his hand bleeding and knew where the blood had come from.

"Oh my god! Nessira, what have you done"

"I am both Victoria and Nessira, now you have the best of both world's."

"Nessira what are you doing, we have a body for you, as soon as we do the ritual you will be free, stop this!"

"Change of plan, we did our own ritual while you were distracted and now you can have us both, if you can handle us." She said before she pulled him down on top of her and wrapped her legs around his waist.

"Don't do this Nessira."

"Rick, Victoria is here too, you don't want to ignore her feelings do you? Maybe you should call me Vesirra!"

"Victoria you have to fight this, Nessira will destroy and consume you."

"Maybe I want to be consumed, maybe this is the only way we can all be happy."

"Well I'm not!"

"What a shame, too bad you don't have a choice." She said suddenly pushing Rick down on to the bed and climbing on top of him. "I suppose we'll just have to have our way with you anyway."

"Please don't do this."

"I don't think you'll be saying that for much longer." She said grinding herself against the growing bulge in his pants. "You know what we can both do and now we are the same person." She added before she leaned down laying on him and pressing her lips to his.

"Oh shit... I... we shouldn't do this."

"Don't worry, we promise not to drain you too much."

Rick couldn't deny he was very turned on at the moment. Victoria looked as sexy as ever even with the bright red hair. He had wanted her badly since he lost his power and even though it was still risky he couldn't control himself much longer. He also knew he was not strong enough to resist them both so his options were limited at best.

"That's it, just relax and give in, not many men can say they've been with two succubi at once and lived to tell about it."

"Wasn't exactly something on my bucket list."

"Ha, trust me, with us you won't have a bucket list anymore."

She shoved her tongue into his mouth again as she wiggled on top of him. Her hands slid down and opened up his jeans before sliding underneath. Rick jumped feeling her hands on his cock as she gently caressed him sending jolts of pleasure through him before she grabbed his shirt and ripped it open. 

"Holy fuck!" He said.

"You haven't seen anything yet." She said before she traced her tongue down his stomach.

As she approached his underwear she slid them down quicker than he could even see. When she moved she seemed to blur as if his eye's couldn't focus. There seemed to be two women sharing the same place in time but were not completely in sync with each other. He blinked a dew times as he was starting to get dizzy until he felt a pair of lips wrap around his cock but as her lips slid down his shaft he felt a second pair slid down tight after. He couldn't describe the feeling as it seemed reality was blurred as he was getting sucked off by two woman at the same time. He felt a tongue wiggled on his tip while a pair of lips continued to slid up and down. It wasn't possible to feel this but it was happening as she seemed to blur even more.

"Holy shit!" He said.

He couldn't handle the pleasure as it wasn't natural. His eye's could not focus on her at all as the blurring was making him dizzy and sick so he shut his eye's. Suddenly he felt one of them change position as he felt his cock slide inside a warm welcoming pussy that engulfed his quivering member. As she bounced up and down on his cock which felt amazing but he also still felt a mouth and tongue playing with him at the same time.

"How the... Oh God... I can't!"

He was having trouble processing all this at once as it felt so good he was sure he wouldn't survive the end of this. He felt a tail wrap around his cock squeezing it while the mouth and the pussy still milked him. The pleasure was destroying him as he felt two voices together moaning out of sync with each other as he held on for his life. 

His cock was seconds away from erupting as all the attention happening at once was too much for his mortal body to handle. He held his eye's closed and screamed as he orgasmed hearing them both moan out and his cock begin to spray his cum wherever it was going. Everything just felt strange as he felt a pleasure he was sure was going to destroy him. His body felt like it was about to rip in half when he felt hands wrap around him holding him though they seemed to come from behind him. Rick wasn't sure what was happening as he was surrounded by darkness as to arms held him from behind and he began to hear a whisper like he had the other night. He felt a warm feeling like his body was starting to relax as his cock twitched and squirted a few more times. The whispering got louder and Rick was no longer in the bedroom as was just shrouded in darkness. He turned around and saw that woman again with two bright blue eyes staring at him and still whispering in a language he couldn't understand.

There was a bright flash and he opened his eye's shooting up as the mix of Nessira and Victoria straddled him as he wrapped his arms around her not even sure what had happened. Victoria took a deep breath too as her hair returned to its beautiful blonde and her eye's returned to normal as well.

"Rick, what just happened?"

"I... I don't know, I... I really don't know."

"I'm sorry, I didn't hurt you did I? I didn't have control, at least not completely."

"I don't think so. I feel alright, but what about you?"

"I feel fine and I think Nessira's gone."

"What, how?"

"I don't know, I dont feel her presence anymore, Its just a weird feeling."

"Did you see her?"

"Who?"

"The pale woman, with the blue eye's, she was whispering something strange."

"I... I'm not sure, I felt a presence that seemed... unnatural but I didn't see her."

"She must have done something but who is she?"

"I don't... Rick what happened to your hand, what is all over me?" She said looking at the symbols that had been drawn on her naked body.

"I think Nessira did that, Don't know why she used my blood though."

"The ritual requires the blood of a virgin."

"But I'm not a virgin?"

"Well technically you have only had sex with a succubus so yeah you kind of still are."

"What the fuck, wait what about Cindy?"

"You were an Incubus when you fucked her so no still doesn't count."

"Who the fuck made up these stupid rules? You're telling me I will be a virgin forever?"

"Does it really matter right now?"

"I suppose it really doesn't, but still."

----------

Downstairs in the basement the freezer that had been closed with the body of the woman Rick had killed still inside. All had been quiet but then something started banging from inside. It was loud but not loud enough for Rick and Victoria to notice. The banging got louder until the top of the freezer finally opened and the young woman climbed out and fell to the floor holding herself as she was freezing cold. She kept taking deep breaths and shivering as her lips were blue.

Confused she looked around the room until she saw a blanket on a box nearby which she grabbed and wrapped herself up with. She was not sure what had just happened and wasn't even sure where she was. After a few minutes she pulled herself up off the floor and began looking herself over. As she began to warm up she saw a mirror nearby and moved over to see her reflection.

"What the... I'm in here, how?" She said confused by what had happened. "But how, we hadn't, how the hell did I?" She kept saying out loud until she saw a bright blue light shine from behind her.

Nessira slowly turned to see a woman standing there with pale skin and dark hair. Her eye's were blank white with a blue glow and she had wings that looked like angel wings. Nessira soon began to realize who this was and was afraid for a moment.

"You've been a bad girl Nessira." The woman said.

"I um... I didn't..."

"Shhh, you have to atone for your actions."

"Lilith please, you don't understand."

"Ha! You think I don't understand, the moment they killed you it got my attention and I was prepared to take my revenge but then I saw what happened, how much they loved each other, and what you did and that was when I realized you broke the rules."

"I didn't know she loved him, I thought it was just some silly crush and I was so close to being set free."

"Uhuh, and do you remember why I trapped you in that statue to begin with, you have a tough time following the rules."

"Mother, I am so sorry, Please don't kill me."

"Do you think I would have given you this new body just to kill you? No no, I have a new purpose for you." Lilith said holding up a small brass key.

"You have got to be fucking kidding me."

"Oh no, you are going to help them with their little feeding problem."

"What about me?"

"You can feed, as long as they don't have to worry about it you can do whatever you want."
