 1.

The truck is parked in a small recess of the mountain by a large forest road. My lips are wrapped around the driver's dick and I hope I'm giving him enough pleasure to get me to Denver... I look up, he seems to be enjoying my technique pretty much but, well, with those greedy bastards, you never know.

It's eleven thirty in the evening, my name is Erin Banks and I'm on my way back home. I'm on my way to New York after a long summer in California. I was supposed to use the money I made working for my uncle to pay for my tickets but I stopped in Vegas and discovered that I had a severe addiction to gambling. I'll have to keep that in check in the future. Anyway the driver's spasms seem to indicate that he's about to come. I start moaning to accelerate the process and... bingo, he comes! I've become quite good at this over the past few weeks. I swallow.

"Damn girl!" he says in his thick Kentucky accent, "that was a damn good suck you gave me! Where did you say you wanted me to drop you?"

"Denver," I answer the heart full of hope and the mouth full of cum.

"Lucky you, it's right on my road..."

Double bingo!

"... but I'm pretty sure we'll have to make a couple of pit stops on our way there, if you see what I mean," he finishes winking at me.

Damn... What did I tell you...? Greedy bastards.

While he engages the truck back on the lonely road, I look in my backpack if I can find something to wash the taste in my mouth. Finally I find a can of coke. I pop it open and as I'm about to drink some of warm beverage, a bright light engulfs the truck. 

Suddenly the lonely mountain road disappears and the truck starts running downhill in the middle of a thick forest. The driver tries to desperately kick the brakes but to no avail, the truck continues accelerating through the green inferno outside our windows. Suddenly, in front of us, out of nowhere, appears a large tree. A very large tree. Large enough to stop the mad truck. In a desperate move I manage to open the door and jump out of the cabin. Before reaching the ground I see the truck crash into the tree.

"From where I'm standing, the cabin looks a lot smaller than before," I manage to think before my head hits a rock and I drift into darkness.

When I come back to my sense the first thing I see is a set of dog teeth with a large pink tongue between them, the first thing I smell is the awful smell of the dog's breath, the first thing I feel is the hot, wet and sticky saliva of the animal all over my face and the first thing I hear is: "Washington? Where are you? God damn that stupid dog! Washington?" in a delicious English accent.

I push the stupid dog away and stand on my elbow. The fucked up truck is just below me. Suddenly the man whose exquisite voice I just heard appears from behind a rock. He's dressed in some kind of uniform I have never seen before.

"Washington..." he starts,

"...Oh! Young lady are you all right?..." he continues as he sees me,

"...How the fuck did that get here?" he finishes seeing the truck.

He helps me stand and introduces himself in the most gentlemanly manner. His name is Jeremiah Stone and he is the proud ranger in charge of this neck of the woods. I try to explain him my story but he doesn't believe me. According to him there are no roads on this side of the mountain as this is a natural hunting reserve.

"A natural hunting reserve?"

"Yes a natural hunting reserve."

"What do you mean by a natural hunting reserve?"

"I mean a natural... hunting ... reserve... You know a reserve for nobility to hunt."

"Nobility?"

This conversation is starting to get on my nerves...

"Yes, nobility, like the Count and the Countess... Nobility, what planet are you from young lady?"

A Count? I stop wondering if...

"Anyway, if we want me to take you to the town we should hurry up young lady."

I start following him up the hill. After the extraordinary experience of my first exchange with Sir Jeremiah Stone, I shut up all the way to his car. Two hours later we finally reach a small road, on the other side of the mountain. I should be puzzled by the disappearance of a full mountain road but I have a strong feeling that this isn't Kansas anymore, Toto. You could also tell me that I should be even more puzzled about the Kansas thing, but I can reassure, you I am.

The car... well the car is a pretty regular one, except for two slight details.

First, the wheel is on the wrong side. I realize that when Jeremiah tells me that I don't seem in condition to drive. I agree and open the door, to find... well the wheel on the passenger's side.

"Is this England?" I ask.

"Well no, of course not, this the Kingdom of Virginia, part of the Great British Empire."

Okay, so this is definitely not Kansas anymore.

The second small detail is the large necklace of garlic hanging from the rear view mirror... That, the Count, could it be that... Or simply the citizens of the Great British Empire enjoy chewing garlic. Maybe it's the great addiction here. In our world we have booze and cigarettes, and gambling, and here they have garlic...

I turn around the car, seat to the left of Jeremiah and let him take the road without screaming hysterically about the fact that he should be driving on the other side. As you can see, I adapt quickly...

Damn... 

The town he drives me to looks pretty much like any other town in America, except for the fact that the cars are driven upside down, if you follow my drift, and that the American flags are replaced by the Union Jack.

We stop in front of a large building.

"This is where you get off young lady. Ask for Doctor Mitchell, he'll know what to do with you. Now, I have to hurry back before night fall."

Still under the shock, I thank him and watch him hurry back on the road. Washington looks at me through the rear window. I stand there for a while. What the hell should I do now? I could go in that hospital and have my head checked. After today's events that would make perfect sense. Or I could just wander around town to try to find out a bit more about the place I have been dropped in. Obviously I choose the wandering part... I'm a curious girl.

People seem pretty normal at first sight. They dress like us, they walk like us, they mostly speak like us... they all seem to have this weird British accent. They seem to be concerned by the same things we are concern about. I soon become convinced that this is just the America I know under Queen Elizabeth's rule.

I enter in a dinner and sit on a stool. There's a newspaper sitting on the bar. That's when things start to get tricky. The main announcement is that Queen Victoria will be celebrating tomorrow her third diamond jubilee... If I'm not mistaken a diamond jubilee is sixty years... sixty times three that's a hundred and eighty! Maybe here the diamond jubilee is not sixty years and maybe here Elizabeth was replaced by her scrawny little sister Victoria or the king from that movie with a stutter decided that Victoria was a more pronounceable name ... Anyway...

I keep looking at the picture. She does look a lot like the queen Victoria from the eighteen hundreds...

"What can I get you?"

The waitress is staring at me, impatient.

I'm about to order when I realize that I have left my bag with my money in the truck and that even if I had thought of it, it's highly unlikely that they would take my all American dollars here.

"Err... I'm sorry but I think I left my wallet at home. I'll see myself out now, sorry for the inconvenience..."

I'm back on the street and suddenly I realize that I should have definitely chosen the hospital option. I look around me and I suddenly realize; second realization in less than thirty seconds, cool; so I realize that I don't have a clue on how to go back to the hospital. Fuck!

I turn around and see the small sign on the door of the dinner: help wanted. Yes me too, I'm looking for help. I get back into the bar.

"So you have found your wallet?" the waitress asks me.

"No, as matter of fact, I'm looking for a job."

She details me from head to toe. What she sees? A small redheaded with short hair; a bit too much fat here and there, freckles all over the face and body , well that part she doesn't get to see, and a winning smile...

"Okay, you will have to do. Get an apron behind the counter and start clearing the tables. The pay is eight pounds a day paid on Friday. We'll talk when we close about the details. I'm Susan by the way."

So I start my first job in this new world. The menu is simple; it contains a lot of spam. The people tend to prefer tea over coffee but apart from that it's similar to the other bars I have worked in. After an hour or so there's suddenly a huge rush. Everybody seems to be in a hurry to get their checks. I run for a while after Susan and finally the last client leaves. Susan closes the restaurant in a rush and finds me waiting in the parking.

"Girl! What are you still doing here? It's going to be dark soon."

She stops and once again details me.

"Don't you have somewhere to go?"

"I... I..."

"Okay, I understand, here take the keys to the restaurant, there's a small room in the back with a bed and shower, you can sleep there for now, help yourself to something in the fridge but not the expensive stuff, now be careful the place hasn't been consecrated in a while."

After this cryptic affirmation she closes the left door to her car and drives away in the descending night. I look at the keys. I look at the restaurant. I look at my watch, five forty six. I look at the closed restaurant. I turn around and look at the streets, the empty streets. I look at my watch again, five forty seven. I look at the sky, the darkening sky. I think about the garlic, the diamond jubilee, the queen Victoria, the Count. I look at the empty streets. I look at the night sky. And suddenly everything makes sense. Not only I'm not in Kansas anymore but there are vampires in the magical kingdom of Oz!

Fuck me.

I quickly get into the restaurant and close the door behind me.

Fuck me!

The Great British Empire is ruled by the Fucking Vampire Queen Victoria. 

Fuck me again, sideways!

I sit behind the bar, grab a beer and look out the window. There are no street lights, why would there be streets lights if everyone is home past nightfall. I sit for a long while and the darkness starts surrounding me. I raise my warm beer to the night!

Now let's be clear. I should be fucking terrified, you would, wouldn't you? Well I am, a bit, but at the same time... How can I put it? I always had something for vampires. I kind of dig them, a lot. Well I dig them a lot on TV and I dig them a lot in comic books, and on the internet and in video games and... you get the drift right? And by the way when I say I dig them, I mean they make me wet... Yeah I know it's strange but what can I say; we all have our little eccentricities...

But to be completely honest, right now, sitting at this counter, with my warm beer in hand, surrounded by darkness in this brave new world, I'm not totally sure that I dig them so much.

***

2.

Megan is pissed. Megan should be at home resting, not freezing her butt in this stupid forest. Megan is entering in her third mating period and her hormones are all through the roof and on top of that full Moon is just two nights away. But Lady Vanessa, the Countess' daughter, asked her mother to have a Canine help and since Megan was the only one available at the castle tonight, Megan had to follow the little brat.

And now Megan is waiting, crouching between the roots of a tree, for the little bitch to finish fucking the Park Ranger in the back of his car. The air is full of the smell of her Mistress' secretions. Megan looks at the garlic necklace she had to take out of the car for Lady Vanessa.

"Useless vampires," she thinks.

Suddenly the pathetic little scream of the ranger and a subtle change in the structure of the smell indicates to Megan that her Mistress is now feeding on her victim. The slurping sounds and the smell of blood fill the night. Megan can't help it but to lick her lips. 

Lady Vanessa finally steps out of the car; she rearranges her night dress, collects some blood from the corner of her mouth and turns to Megan.

"Okay, so the traveler was taken into town but this stupid fuck, she was taken to a doctor Mitchell. We should pay him a visit but first I'd like to have a look at the truck. Mother will be quite pleased if we manage to find this one tonight. And Megan..."

"Yes, Mistress?"

"Stop licking your parts, it's disgusting."

"Yes, Mistress, sorry Mistress, it's just that with the full Moon coming the wolf part usually takes over the human part."

But the vampire has already transformed into a bat and flown away in the woods. Megan spits a pubic hair and starts running through the woods trying to keep up.

"At least I will get some exercise," she thinks.

***

I wake up by the dawn's first lights, well wake up, that would imply that I had a proper sleep and honestly I didn't'. After my two dozens of beer I tried to sleep but with the excitement and the rest... I dosed off around three in the morning but then woke up at each every sound of the night and, I can assure that the night is very busy in this world. I heard a couple of screams, a lot of wolves howling, a few gunshots, an explosion and even, at some point, what I believe was the first measures of Tchaikovsky's 1812 overture.

I take a quick shower and enter the seating area. Outside the window, the parking is empty. I look at the sad tables, I look at the miserable kitchen, I look around and suddenly I'm convinced that clearly I am not going to spend a single extra hour working in this joint. On one side there's a whole new exciting world out there for me to explore full of mysteries and Vampires and on the other side there's the highly rewarding experience of serving tea to frightened snobs in a crappy dinner by the highway in the outskirts of a third rate city. As I empty the register I have a moment of remorse but it soon passes. I leave a note to Susan, thanking her for everything, apologizing for the money and promising her I will reimburse her, no matter what. As if... 

I find a backpack probably forgotten by a customer; fill it with a couple of spare uniforms that seem to fit me, some food, a few bottles of water, a large kitchen knife and the money. There's three hundred fifty pounds and some change. That should get me out of here unless I accidentally stumble upon a casino, but the chances of that are quite unlikely.

I walk to the highway and start walking away from town. Traffic is thin at first but around seven thirty, I manage to stop a truck that is going in the same direction I am. Not that I have a clue to where I'm going. The driver looks nice, a nice old family man.

"Undress!" he tells me.

"Fuck you" I answer.

He pulls out a crossbow and points it at me.

"Undress or you don't get in."

"As I said: Fuck you."

"Okay lady, you seem to be new at this so I'll spell it out for you: I don't want a sucker chasing my fucking tail because I took his little meal, so either you fucking undress and you show me that you're not marked or you get the fuck out of here."

Now I understand... But undressing here on the side of the highway... The weight of the money in my bag and the face of a furious Susan popping in my mind finally convince me of the route to take. I take off my shirt and the pants keeping my panties and bra on.

"All the way," he insists.

I slowly take off the bra and even more reluctantly the panties.

"Now show me," he says.

I turn around lifting my hair.

"Are you satisfied?" I ask.

"No, show me your thighs, we all know how much they love to have their nose on your privates when they are feeding!"

I lift my left leg, I lift my right.

"Okay," he finally says smiling, "hop in."

I quickly dress up and climb into the cabin. After putting the crossbow away, he starts the engine and he eases his way back into the traffic.

"So little lady, where are you headed?" he asks.

"Hum..." I answer.

"Okay so I'm going all the way to Denver and then I'll head south."

"That sounds great! I'm Erin by the way," I answer.

"Claudius Pendelcast, nice to meet you," he says.

He drives for an hour before finally breaking the silence.

"Running from something?"

"Not really, I wanted to travel for a while. See the ..." I stop, "... kingdom..."

"That's an unusual thing to do. Not many people travel without a good reason."

"Yeah... I'm an unusual person," I answer not knowing what else to say.

"You know, there's always the risk of finding yourself caught outside after dark when you travel and you clearly wouldn't want that."

As I don't have anything to answer to that, he continues driving. After a while he turns on the radio. The music sounds a bit gothic but otherwise it's clear that the rock and roll revolution did take place in Vampire Wonderland. I look out the window. The scenery is pretty boring and I finally fall asleep.

My dreams are filled with vampires with huge fangs and big dicks. I already told you...

When I wake up, the truck has stopped in an interstate service area. Claudius opens the door and climbs back in, he hands me a wrapped sandwich. It stinks of garlic.

"I had to feed the cargo; I took the liberty of getting something for you too."

"How much do I owe you," I ask while unwrapping the sandwich.

It's full of greasy pork and mayonnaise and, by the smell of it, half a ton of garlic. It looks delicious.

"Don't worry it's on the house, it's always nice to have company."

I look at him suspecting that he will then ask me the usual fair for the ride but he seems sincere.

"Do you want to make a quick stop to the loo or can we move on?" he then asks.

"No I'm fine," I answer the mouth half full of tasty pork meat.

"By the way, I was wondering, what is your cargo by the way?" I ask after a while.

"Ebony wood, I have to deliver them by noon the day after tomorrow to a plantation in Louisiana," he says smiling.

Ebony wood? Them? Had to feed... Oh my fucking God! This truck is loaded with slaves... I stare at the road absolutely and totally shocked... On the other hand it does make sense; no independence means no Secession War means slavery still in place. Vampire Wonderland doesn't sound so cool anymore.

We drive for two more hours before reaching Denver, riding with a fucking slave runner isn't my cup of tea as you can imagine...

"I will stop here," I tell him just before he engages on the highway south.

"Not a problem young lady. Good luck on your trip. It was a pleasure meeting you." He says after dropping me at the next service area.

"Likewise," I answer not so convinced.

I walk around the service area trying to find someone to take me to the city. Finally a nice old lady takes me in her Oldsmobile and drops me by a motel in some trashy neighborhood.

"Six pounds a night, up front!"

I walk through the parking lot towards room six, the night is starting to fall. The room is just like any motel room back home with the notable exception of the three large crosses on the walls and the large garlands of garlic hanging from the walls. I take a long shower after fighting against the army of poodle sized cockroaches that guard the drain. I sit on the bed and turn on the TV.

I end up on BBC eight watching the news and that's when I see my first vampire: tall, dark, wearing a red cape and sporting quite nice fangs. The dreams of my morning nap come back to me. I think it's the first time I masturbate to the news.

I finally fall asleep while a whole new world awakens behind my curtains. Tomorrow I'll need to find something to do, maybe I shouldn't have left the restaurant; the money is not going to last forever.
