 Disclaimer: TRIGGERS - This story contains rough and coerced sex. Please do not read on if this may affect you and please accept my apologies. This story is written as pure fantasy ONLY and I do not condone the behaviour of the antagonists. If you cannot differentiate between fantasy and reality then please do not read on! Otherwise, please enjoy!

*****

He steps off the dock and on to the grass, carrying me away from the water. The hand on my ass gently squeezes a cheek. As I look down the back of his legs, I can see his other hand is still placed on his holster, his fingers tapping nervously against the gun held within. He eventually moves his hand off it when we reach a cabin, using to slowly push open a door that creeks loudly on its hinges.

Once inside, he sets me down on my feet and then pushes me backwards. I fall back on to a mattress. As my feet are still on the floor and my head is hanging over the opposite side, I can tell it's a single bed that I'm lying across. I tilt my head back and get an upside-down view of the cabin. It's dark, but there's just enough moonlight coming in from the open door and windows to get a lay of the land. Running the length of the cabin are metal bunk beds, 5 on either side. Looking to my left, I can see another single bed opposite. Since both beds are closest to the door, my guess is that they belonged to the counsellors.

A light flickers on, illuminating the area just around the bed. I look up and can see there's a small electric lamp on a table next to the bed, but it's too modern to have been here from when the camp was open. He must have bought this here before.

"Right, lets get a look-see at the goods..." He grabs my thighs, spreading my legs, and drags me forward, so my ass just on the bed. Moving in between my parted thighs, he drops to his knees. I start to wriggle about as his fingers dance over my stomach to my briefs "I always wanted to know what rich, red pussy tasted like..." He yanks on my bikini briefs, tugging them down my thighs. They're tight and still damp making them difficult take off. He rolls them half way down my thighs and the gives up "Damn, that's a pretty little pussy..."

He runs his fingers through the strip of dark red hair that sits above my slit, enjoying watching me squirm as he reaches my pussy "Oh... uh..." I moan lightly as the tips of his fingers push between my soft lips. The metal cuffs dig in to my back as I lie uncomfortably on them, my fingers curling around the bed sheet below me as he pushes two fingers inside me "Ahhh... Oh..." His starts to pump his fingers in and out of me as his mouth kisses down my mid-rift, taking the same path his fingers did through my autumn forest. His fingers move faster as his tongue licks in between the top of my slit, quickly locating my sensitive bud "Oh! Uhhhh!" I cry out.

"There we go, let's get you nice and wet for daddy..." He laughs a sinister laugh before diving back in, one hand pumping his fingers harder in to my pussy, the other reaching up to feel my tits.

"Ahhh!" I arch my back, pushing my pussy up towards his mouth as his tongue assaults my clit "Oh fuck! Ahh... Uhhhh!" I moan louder as my juices start to flow for him. His fingers squelch with each pump, until he pulls them out, using them to spread my lips. His tongue moves down and pokes into me, sending a pulse through my body "Ohhhh! Uhhhhh!"

"Mmmmm, you're tasty..." His nose rubs on my clit as his tongue lashes against my sex, my hips bucking and feet kicking "That's it, get that lil' pussy wet for me, slut..."

His tongue twists around inside me "Ahhh! Ohhh... Uhhh! Fuck... Uh!" I've spread my legs as wide as they will go, restricted by the bikini briefs rolled around them, fingers clawing at the dusty bed sheets that were left behind all those years ago; the camp had been abandoned in a hurry. "Please... Ohhhhh... Ah! Fuck! Oh..Uh... Uhhh! Ahhhhh! Uhhhhhhh!" I let out a loud cry and arch my back as he makes me climax, my supple young body glistening with sweat.

Satisfied with his achievement, he pulls his mouth away and slides up my body until we're face to face. I'm panting loudly in the dimly lit cabin. The hand that had been feeling my boobs has now grabbed the back of my head "I think that deserves a kiss for that, Chloe!" He forces his lips, still slick with my juices, on to my own, yanking my hair so I open my mouth. His tongue pushes in to mine, making me taste myself. I cry out against the kiss as his other hand moves back to between my legs, his fingers roughly pushing back in side me.

He kisses me deep and rough, his fingers slamming in to my soaking pussy, my hips bucking and squirming on his fingers. His fingers leave my pussy and he brings them up to my face as he breaks the kiss "Lick em..."

I try to pull my head away, but he holds it in place, the fingers millimetres from my lips "Nuh... Please..." This would be the ultimate shame and I'm not sure I'm ready for it.

"Lick it, Chloe!" He yanks my hair again, making me cry out.

"Ahh! Ok!" I close my eyes and stick my tongue out, running it over his wet fingers.

"Yeah... That's a good girl... Lick em clean..." He berates me as I clean up his fingers. When he's satisfied, he takes his fingers away and puts them in his own mouth for good measure "Mmmm, so sweet..." He gets up off the bed then flips me on to my stomach "Now, I'm gonna to take these cuffs off and you're gonna to keep bein' a good girl..."

"Ahh!" His hand smacks down on my exposed ass "Uhhhh! Yes officer, I'll be a good girl..." I can almost hear the smile on his face. The cuffs snap open and I quickly pull my arms around to front, sighing with relief. My wrists and shoulders hurt, and it feels weird as the blood runs back through them, but definitely feels more comfortable. 

Another hard spank to my ass, the heat on my skin letting me know my cheeks are turning rosy red "Come on girl, I didn't uncuff you for no reason! Get up on all fours like a bitch a heat!" My arms are still weak and shaky as I get on all fours on the bed "That's it Chloe..." He pats my ass, softer this time "I'm gonna stick it in that sweet little snatch of yours, get my cock good and wet..." Oh, so it definitely wasn't clock... "Then I'm gonna pound that tight ass too!" 

"Owww!" He spanks me hard again "Please, not my ass!" I've never taken it in my ass before, always too scared of the pain "I'll be a good girl, I promise!"

"Oh no, an ass like that is too good to leave unpunished..." I wince when I hear his trousers drop, his gun and belt hitting the floor. He steps up behind me as I bow my head, eyes shut tight. He rubs his hard dick against my lower back and ass "Oh yeah, I'm ready for you..." He smacks his cock down against my ass cheek "You feel that Chloe?!"

"Uhhhh... Yes officer..." In spite of everything I still need to be fucked, my pussy aching for a hard cock.

"Yeah, you're gonna take it aren't you?! You're gonna take it all!" He rubs the head up and down my slit, teasing my dripping pussy as he coats the tip.

"Mmmm, yes officer, I'll take it..."

"Oh you're gonna get it so bad!" He slaps it on my ass again "You're gonna... ah... uh... uhhhh..."

I feel the warm, sticky liquid shoot across my back as he groans behind me, stumbling back as he prematurely ejaculates on my back and ass. THUD! Wow, did he just cum so hard that he passed out?! I mean, I always knew my ass looked great, but still...

I look back over my shoulder and... "AHHHHHHHHHHH!" I let out an almighty scream at the sight. The officer is on the floor, eyes open and still, blood pooling under him. And standing over his body is a giant of a figure... With a burlap sack covering his face... Holding a machete that's as long as my leg... Blood dripping off the blade as I realise that it's not the officer's cum on my back...