 For the love of my life. Only God could stop me loving you.
______________

"Oh God. Stop. Stop. Stop!" Julie Hargreaves screams as her car skids out of control toward the edge of the cliff. Sliding sideways along the wet icy road, her heart in her throat as her SUV skims dangerously close to the sheer drop. Closing her eyes she feels the back wheel of her car slip over the edge, her world plummeting into darkness as her head smashes hard against the side window. Her car drops from the road, coming to a sudden stop below as it crashes against the side of a tree.

* * * * * * *

The bitter cold of the wind sends shivers down his spine as the pair step outside. The gray of the sky overhead threatening a wet afternoon as they make their way towards the lake, the wind picking up speed as they move steadfastly through the thick undergrowth of the forest floor. The narrow lake spanning over ten kilometers through the center of the forest that borders the sleepy town, flowing slowly as the current eases it's hunger, sending small ripples to the surface as the white foam drifts silently toward the shore. Quietly surveying the waters, Charles finds a spot behind some low bushes. Laying out a blanket, his dog Jet sits beside as he loads the shells into the gun. 

"Ready girl?" Charles whispers as he cocks the gun, resting it against his shoulder he carefully aims at a family of ducks making their way across the lake. "What the...?" Looking back through the sight Charles focuses on the cloud of smoke making it's way through the forest from across the lake.

"Come on Jet," he says as he gathers up the blanket. "Better go check this out." Looking up puzzled, Jet follows as Charles makes his way, wading across the lake. 

The smoke billowing up into the afternoon sky as they make their way through the uncharted part of the forest. The scrub surrounding them as they stumble their way through the density of the brush. Seeing the mangled wreck ahead of them, Charles drops his knapsack and runs toward the smoldering car. Pulling desperately at the driver's door he wrenches it open. Slumping out from the opened door, her hair bloodied by the gash on the side of her face, he reaches over and unleashes the seatbelt before pulling her free from the vehicle. His old army ways suddenly taking over as he checks for a pulse, loosening her shirt as he clears her airways. 

"We'd better get away from here girl," he says as he picks up the motionless figure. "That thing looks like it could blow at any moment." Reaching down to pick up his knapsack, they make their way back toward the lake. The weight of the body slowing down their travels, breathless as they reach the shallow banks that lead back to their cabin. "Rest up Jet, this old bloke needs a breather."

Looking to be in her early forties, Charles slides a bloodied strand of hair from her face as he examines her more closely. The dried trail from a stream of blood still staining the side of her mouth, contrasting against the pale pink of her lips. Her perfectly manicured eyebrow and defined cheek bones, now bruised and bloodied, yet unable to hide the natural beauty hidden beneath. The crimson blouse stained and darker in patches from where the blood had spilled, slightly sticking to her slender shoulder. Tracing his eyes down her torso, Charles inhales slowly as he moves his gaze over her slender waist.

"She's definitely a looker," he says averting his gaze to Jet. "Come on girl, we'd better get her to the cabin and get her warmed up." Lifting her over his shoulder, they make their way across the shallow patch of water separating them from the trail leading back to the cottage. Running ahead, the old blue heeler nudges the door to the cabin open and sits on the porch waiting for her master.

* * * * * * *

"Who the fuck is she?" Margaret's voice vehement as the plate smashes hard against the wall. Her eyes narrow slits as her fists clench tight at her sides.

"I found her by the lake. Shit Maggie, I could hardly leave her there, could I?"

"But you put her in Mark's room!" Her voice raising to fever pitch, her eyes ablaze as she glares at Charles. Shaking his head he gives up trying to reason with her, not while she was in this mood. 

"Okay then," Charles says emphatically. "When she regains consciousness I'll move her out." Feeling her glare on him as he turns away, Charles walks out of the room half expecting her to follow him, relieved when she doesn't.

* * * * * * *

Feeling like a vice is closing in slowly around her skull, Julie struggles to open her eyes. With a loud moan she cups her hand against her forehead, the throbbing pain pounding inside her head. The side of her face stinging as her fingers brush lightly over the large gash, inhaling sharply through clenched teeth, she slowly blinks her eyes open. The light streaming in through the partially closed curtains burning her eyes against the darkness of the room. Suddenly realizing she has no idea where she is, fear takes over her senses. Forcing her eyes to focus she makes out the fuzzy outline of an old dresser to one side of the room. The mirror above reflecting the window, brightening the ray of sunshine invading the otherwise perfect darkness. Squinting her eyes Julie looks at the small bedside table to her left, on top is what looks like an old oil lamp with a small flame flickering, illuminating the dark glass encasing it. 

Her thoughts awakened as she suddenly senses somebody in the room. Unable to speak, her heart pounding rapidly she listens as the soft sounds of the foot steps near. As the hand moves to her forehead Julie inhales sharply, an involuntary shiver charges up her spine. 

"Well hello there," the soft voice says. The hazy image hovering beside the bed, slowly lowering as it sits down on the side of the mattress. "You had a pretty nasty accident there love." Julie's mind a mash of confusion as she opens her mouth to speak. Moaning out against the pain she instead lays back silent. "You rest up love, I'll go make you some soup. You need to build your strength up."

Watching the figure leave, the door closing silently behind, Julie struggles to raise herself. Her head feeling as though it could explode at any given moment she gives up her struggle and sighs as her head sinks back against the pillow. Hearing the shouting voice of a woman coming from somewhere outside the room she strains to hear. 

"Get her out!" Margaret hisses as Charles pours the soup into the pot. Looking up at the woman towering over his slouched figure, he shakes his head defiantly.

"It's only for a few days. She's in no condition to be moved anywhere," Charles says as he gently stirs the soup. 

Laying silent, Julie listens as the muffled voices continue to argue, no doubt fighting about her. The voices falling silent moments before she hears the soft creak of the door opening to her room. Opening her eyes still an effort as she blinks, slowly the hazy image comes into view. Her head still pounding she manages to force a smile as the figure nears the side of the bed.

"I... I heard voices," Julie manages to whisper. Placing the soup on the bedside table, Charles glances momentarily at her. 

"Sorry," Charles apologizes, "That's Margaret. She means well." Resting his hand on her forehead he sighs. "I'm sorry love, I haven't even introduced myself. I'm Charles. Charles Newport. The woman you heard is my wife, and this," he says, waving his hand as he looks around the small room, " is Mark's room. He's our son. He's away..." his voice trailing as he averts his attention back to Julie. "And your name, Miss?"

"Julie," her voice barely a whisper as she struggles over the pain to answer.

"Well, Julie, it's nice to make your acquaintance. If you need anything just holler." Realizing his mistake, he quickly adds," Maybe I should get you a bell to put beside the bed. Sorry love, you must be in a lot of pain. Your car was pretty messed up when we found you, you're one lucky lady to be alive." Making out a hazy smile, Julie manages to smile weakly in return. "I'll let you rest, Julie. I'll come back and check on you later." With that Charles makes his way out of the room closing the door softly behind him.

* * * * * * *

"Sheriff. What brings you out this late?" Charles asks as he opens the door. 

"We found a car down by Dead Man's Bend. There was no sign of the occupant, I'm just wondering if you've seen anybody wandering lost in the woods. There was a lot of blood inside the car so no doubt they'll be in need of medical attention."

Half closing the door behind him, Charles steps out onto the porch beside the Sheriff. 

"Can't say I have, sorry Sheriff." Reaching behind him, Charles pulls the door closed. "If I see anyone I'll be sure to call you."

"Well the car is registered to a Julie Hargreaves. We're still waiting for a photo to come in from the Licensing Bureau, but in the mean time if you do see anyone..." Hearing the scratching coming from behind the closed door, the sheriff looks questioningly at Charles. "My God, that's Jet?"

"Yep," Charles says, grateful at the change of topic. "The old girl's going on fourteen years now. Starting to show her age but she still loves it when I take her out to the lake." Nodding, the sheriff makes his way to his car.

"Well anyway, I'd better check with the old Simpson property, see if they've seen anyone wandering." Gesturing his farewell as he tips his hat, the sheriff climbs into his squad car and reverses out the long gravel driveway. Watching until the car disappears from view, Charles makes his way back inside locking the door behind him.

* * * * * * *

Rousing from her sleep, Julie forces open her weary eyes. Seeing the retreating figure of a woman quickly leaving her room, she opens her mouth to call out, but the pain still thumping in her head making her voice a dull, husky whisper. With a heavy sigh she watches the door finally close, leaving her alone in the darkness. With no idea of time, Julie glances toward the curtained window. Her vision still hazy, but able to make out the drapes drawn tightly together with no chance of sun or moon light getting through to give her any indication of time.

Her stomach telling her body she's hungry, she glances to the small bedside table. The soup now replaced with a glass of milk and what looks to be some kind of casserole, Julie winces as she leans over reaching for the bowl. Pulling herself up against the pillow, she sits the bowl on her lap. Her head feeling light as she fights to steady the spoon as she raises it to her mouth.

"Oh, good to see you up," Charles says as he enters the room. His smile contagious as he sits in his usual spot on the bed, Julie manages a smile. "How did you sleep? You've been asleep most of the day."

"Good," she whispers, placing the bowl on the bedside table, a moan escaping her lips as she lays back against the pillow. 

"Still having the headaches?" he asks placing the back of his hand against her forehead. Nodding, Julie closes her eyes against his touch. "I'll get you something for them. It'll help you sleep too." Smiling gratefully she leans back on the bed as he leaves the room. 

"Here, take these Julie. They'll make you feel better," Charles says as he returns, handing her two shiny red pills. 

"Thanks," she smiles, taking the pills and a glass of water from him. 

"You get some rest love," he says, raising himself from the bed, "I'll check on you in the morning."

Closing the door behind him, she lays down hoping the pills have a rapid effect, her head aching as she closes her eyes against the darkness of the room.

* * * * * * *

Her eyes open wide, the room in total darkness, feeling the body pressing heavily over hers she pulls at her arms. Her hands bound to the bed head, leaving her unable to move. Her screams muffled against the ball of what ever had been shoved into her mouth. Fighting with all her might against the hands on the back of her knees, forcing her legs apart. As the material of her panties tears from her body, Julie feels the tears falling down the sides of her face, her struggles futile against the strength of him. 

"Get the bitch," she hears from the darkness, the woman's voice vehement. Her mouth open wide in horror as she recognizes the voice as Margaret's. A new strength coursing through as Julie thrusts her hips hard against her attacker's, her legs flailing hopelessly, trying to do anything to get him off her. 

"So you like it rough?" asks the young man's sinister voice. Through the darkness she could feel his sneer.

Her mind racing as the realization of what is happening to her dawns. 'It has to be Mark.' The hands gripping her legs tight, the rough fingernails cutting into her flesh as with no warning his cock forces its way inside her. Her muscles dry, the pain of his cock tearing her muscles apart almost too much to bare. Her screams coming as a hoarse muffled whisper as she clamps her legs tight around his hips, trying to stop the onslaught of his vicious thrusts. Her body screaming 'NO' as her body deceives her thoughts. The tears rolling down her face as she feels herself lubricate as his relentless assault continues unabated.

His hips forcing his length inside her, bruising against her pelvis as he digs his fingers tighter into the back of her knees driving his cock hard and furious. Closing her eyes against the pain, silently praying for the torment to end, Julie clenches her teeth around the gag filling her mouth. His balls constantly slapping against the cheeks of her ass as his shaft pounds inside her, inhaling sharply as it bashes hard against her cervix. 

The menacing laugh of Margaret echos through the small room leaving goose bumps surfacing on Julie's pale skin. Mark's relentless abuse of her body leaving her drained, her resistance waining as his grunts intensify. With one offending thrust of his hips, she feels his member swell as he spills his seed deep inside, his breath now coming in ragged gasps. Withdrawing, then shoving himself deep as his cock spews the rest of his poison, Julie closes her eyes fighting the hatred and nausea. 

Feeling his body slump heavily onto hers, Julie bucks her hips hard against his in a final attempt to push him from her. Her efforts only driving his cock deeper, his laugh haunting against the darkness.

"The bitch likes it, Mother," Mark sneers. A new wave of tears well in her eyes as she feels his cock twitch inside her. 

"Do it to her again!" Margaret's voice threatening, sounding dangerously close as Julie waits for the next wave of abuse on her already bruised and aching body. 

His cock moving in slow, languid thrusts, with each movement Julie can feel him regaining his erection. His hands move roughly over her breasts, pinching her nipples hard through the sheer fabric of her blouse. With a lightening speed, Mark grips the fabric, pulling the shirt open, the sound of buttons hitting the bare wooden floors almost deafening as a new fear surfaces within Julie. The rough, dry hands groping her breast as he picks up the pace of his callous thrusts. Wincing against the pain of his punishing cock she sobs silently, hoping he finishes quickly. 

His hand moves between her legs, taking his cock in his hands he slides from her swollen lips and moves the slick head of his shaft over the puckered entrance to her anus.

"No!" Julie screams, the gag almost choking her as panic surfaces. Lashing her hips desperately, pulling herself away from his seeking cock. With a vicious slap across her cheek, Mark digs his fingers deep into the back of her knee, pulling her body down to his. With a brutal indifference he forces his cock past the tight resistance of her sphincter, piercing her virginal ass ignoring her agonizing screams. 

His cock filling her canal, mercilessly thrusting hard inside, withdrawing most of his length before thrashing his hips hard against hers impaling her ass with his shaft. The fire burning inside her rectum feeling like her insides are being torn as the rape continues, her mouth open in a silent scream as she tries to pull her hips away. The tightness of her ass sucking around his cock, only driving him deeper, his hips thrashing against hers in a frenzy.

His fingers feeling like they're trying to squeeze the blood from her nipple, Julie's body tenses from both the fear and pain of the attack. His thrusts exacerbating as his orgasm nears, his balls burying themselves against her cheeks as the sperm builds, the pressure rising up his shaft. With a deafening grunt his cock swells, stretching her muscles wider as he pumps his seed deep inside her anal canal. 

* * * * * * *

Almost as fast as it started, her ordeal is over. Her body burning from the assault, unable to move with the restraints still holding her wrists tight, Julie cries against the pillow. The pounding in her head now feeling like a dull ache compared to the seering, stinging pain of her bowel and bruised pelvis. Unsure exactly how long she layed there, she finally feels sleep envelop her. 

* * * * * * *

The sun streaming in from the open window hurting her eyes as she wakes from her slumber, Julie moans feeling the aching of her body as she struggles to raise herself. 

"Good morning," Charles smiles cheerily, resting a breakfast tray on the bedside table. "Sorry to wake you, but it's going to be such a nice day, just seems a waste to spend it in a room full of darkness."

Rubbing the red bruises on her wrists, Julie looks up accusingly at Charles. His happy disposition not making sense after the horrific assault that occured only hours earlier. 

"How's the head this morning?" he asks, his mood unfaultering and jovial.

"Wh... where the hell were you last night?" her words coming out through clenched teeth, not believing for a moment that he hadn't heard her screams.

"I took Jet into town," he says, a look of confusion crossing his face as he eyes his houseguest. "Sorry love, but you were fast asleep when I left, I didn't want to disturb you. I thought you'd sleep right through after taking the pills."

"Yeah, well I didn't!" Julie spat. "That sick fuck Mark raped me!" Her eyes like daggers as she glares up at him. "And Margaret? She was here too, telling him to do it again!" The heat in her face unavoidable as a fiery anger builds inside her. Charles' face turning an ashen shade of gray as he carefully avoids her gaze. 

"I'm so sorry, Julie," he stammers. "I don't know what to say." Making his way to the door he turns back to face her, "It won't happen again." 

Sitting flabbergasted, Julie watches as he closes the door, locking it behind him. A new fury surfacing as her mind races, desperately planning a way of escape. Ignoring the aches of her body she climbs out of bed, steadying herself as she stands holding the bed for support. Moving the curtain aside, careful incase anyone is outside, she peers out. Seeing the coast is clear she checks the window, only to discover it nailed shut. Her heart pounding as she hears the sounds of footsteps outside her door, she quickly climbs back into the bed as quietly as she can. 

Hearing the steps falter outside the door, Julie sits motionless, holding her breath as she strains to hear any sounds. The hum of a car making its way over what sounds like gravel suddenly fills the silence, sounding like it stops right outside her window. Julie lets out a relieved sigh as she listens to the sound of footsteps retreating from the doorway. Straining to hear she sits silent, hear heart beating loudly in her ears making it hard for her to make out the muffled voices coming from outside.

* * * * * * *

"Hey, Sheriff," Charles smiles, extending a friendly hand. "Any news of that missing girl yet?"

"Not yet," the sheriff says, taking the hand and shaking it with a firm grip. "Just got the photo sent of the missing woman. Seems her husband has been searching frantically for her."
