 Stacy walked into her bedroom with a glass of chilled tequila in one hand and her evening activity in the other. Dressed in an old hockey jersey and boy shorts she was the picture of comfort not seduction. A kicked back chilled out evening was the business at hand.

Glancing out her window she saw the neighborhood was still shrouded in thick fog. The normally quiet area was now absolutely silent. Even the lights from the closest houses were invisible. It was like she existed in a separate dimension.

Throwing back the covers Stacy piled her pillows up and crawled on the mattress. Wiggling into a comfortable pose she propped her newest acquisition against her long legs. It was a leather bound book with a deeply embossed cover. The image of a sleeping face with its arms loosely wrapped around its head was what had caught her eye at the curio shop earlier in the day. Inside was a plain English children's story of a boy and his dog but around the edge of each page were bands of hand drawn vaguely rune like symbols.

The shop clerk couldn't tell her any thing about it but offered it for a nominal sum. The shop's buyer was unavailable for comment. A lover of the weird shading into creepy Stacy had paid eagerly and hurried home with her treasure. An afternoon spent looking through her own reference books and some hard to access Internet resources had yielded minimal information.

The "runes" were unknown any place she could access. The book was apparently meant as a spirit vessel like a genie's bottle. The sleeping face was possibly Ariel a mischievous but helpful sprite made famous by Shakespeare. It might also be one of several other much more malevolent beings. A crafter herself Stacy thought that though the book was made with traditional methods it was of recent vintage. Whatever the invocation was it should be modern in form and something she could eventually puzzle out.

Stacy opened to the first page and examined the runes. They remained stubbornly unreadable. She wondered if there were clues hidden in the English text and began to read. Gradually, she became aware that as she concentrated on the story the symbols in her peripheral vision hovered on the edge of meaning but soon as she looked directly at them they faded back into incomprehensibility.

Struck by an inspiration she flipped back to the first page and began reading the chapter again. Stacy focused all her awareness on reading the adventures of boy and dog. She imagined what they looked like and what they felt as they played and roamed on a perfect summer day. As she neared the end of the chapter she would have sworn the border was moving and changing.

The chapter ended with a little poem but she was suddenly too tired to read anymore. Her eyes closed and her grip on the book loosened. It shut with a soft plop. Her mind was blank. A cool draft blew across her sweat soaked body and roused her slightly. She covered her chill hardened nipples and randomly thought about the new hottie at work. One hand slid toward the waist band of her shorts while the other caressed her breast.

When her reaching hand bumped into the forgotten book she sleepily opened her eyes. The book was gazing back at her. She jerked her hands away and let them fall to her sides. The book's eyes were black voids and she found she couldn't pull her own away. Stacy froze and barely dared breathe as the embossed arms reached out of the cover and took a grip on her shirt. The creature's head and shoulders followed. She could hear it snuffling as it eased itself into her universe.

Fully emerged from the now vanished book it crouched on her stomach and returned her stare. It was about the size of a cat with four arms and a pair of muscular legs. It sported twin cocks but no visible balls. The small tools were rigidly erect and oozing precum. The heat of its ash colored body was apparent even through her shirt. As it slowly it stalked up her torso she could feel its claws catching in the fabric of her top. It was soon nose to nose with the paralyzed woman. Its breath smelled of smoke and flames. Suddenly its forked tongue flicked out.

A spicy burn spread across her lips and without thinking Stacy ran her own tongue over them. Instantly the burning sensation spread to her tongue along with an unpleasant bitter taste but somehow she found she wanted more of the strange flavor. When the creature licked her lips again she eagerly took in another dose of alien chemicals. 

The heat in her mouth spread swiftly through her body. Stacy was distantly aware it was especially powerful in her personal "hot spots". Her breathing sped up and she had to fight the urge to touch herself. When the imp shifted position and pressed the tips of its small cocks to her lips it seemed only natural to take them in her mouth.

Eagerly she swirled her tongue around them. The taste was more bitter and the burning painful enough to start tears. Despite the pain and wondering if the cum would actually kill her Stacy worked enthusiastically. They grew larger as she sucked hard on the ridged shafts. Their texture was less like human flesh and more like hard plastic. The heads were pressing into her throat and her jaws being forced uncomfortably apart when they were suddenly jerk free. 

Her visitor had grown along with its cocks. Sitting on her chest with its knees pinning her arms it was nearly as large as her. A pair of its hands gripped her head and forced her to meet its dark gaze. Stacy's pupils were dilated and the hard expressionless face filled her awareness. Apparently satisfied it released her head and slithered swiftly down her body until it was kneeling between her spread thighs.

All four of its arms shot out and tore her shirt and shorts apart. Terrified Stacy lay perfectly still with the shredded remnants of her clothing scattered around her and wondered if her throat was next. Instead the upper arms reach slowly down and cupped her breasts then tweaked her nipples experimentally. Her gasp was a mix of pain, surprise and pleasure. The upper hands captured her wrists and pinned her arms to the bed. The lower arms grabbed her legs behind the knees and forced them slowly outwards. Stacy could feel the strain as her thighs were pushed almost flat. Crouching over her balanced on its six limbs it look like a giant spider

The creature dragged its tongue over one breast then the other. On her skin the saliva was more stimulating than painful. Stacy was becoming genuinely horny as the forked tongue worked back and forth over her tits. The split tip turned out to be prehensile and shockingly adept at teasing her nipples. She moaned quietly and wondered if she was going to cum just from breast play.

Panting and with her juices dripping Stacy was more than ready when she felt the creature's cock against the entrance of her cunt. He was big and weirdly shaped but she was wetter than ever before and it slide easily inside. With its lower cock buried in her the upper one pressed firmly against her clit. After the briefest of pauses the demon started thrusting in and out with long controlled strokes.

The massage of her inner walls was incredible but it was cock rubbing remorselessly over her clit that drove her crazy. The creature released its grip on her legs and switched to playing lightly with her breasts. Her legs wrapped around her beastly lover seemingly of their own volition. Stacy used their leverage to rock her hips in time to the strokes. The hands on her tits were unexpectedly gentle but the sharp claws still scratched her smooth skin. 

Her body trembling on the edge Stacy could feel her orgasm swelling inside her when the outside cock erupted and fired streams of jizz. They fell like molten wax on her belly and chest. The hands playing with her chest switched to massaging the hot cum into her skin. As the alien chemicals leached into her bloodstream, pain altered to pleasure and her body shuddered and she could hear her own screams and then she wasn't Stacy anymore but just a pulsing explosion of pleasure.

When Stacy returned to awareness the creature was still looming over her and its cock still filling her. Even the cock that had sprayed her so copiously was still unnaturally rigid. She had an unpleasant premonition what that meant. Hoping less for escape than for a bit of respite she twisted weakly in its grip. Now enormously larger than its prisoner the creature didn't even seem to notice before it started fucking her again. Relentless it pounded the helpless woman despite her grunted pleading.

Slowly her body began to respond to the ceaseless stimulation. Her skin flushed and breathing deepened. Her nipples tightened and her juices flowed. Shocked, Stacy realized the idea of being taken so relentlessly was exciting her even more.

Fuck it, she thought, if I'm going to be screwed to death then I'm going to enjoy it.

Once again she wrapped her long legs around its waist and rocked her hips in time to the machinelike pistoning. The creature released her wrists and used all four hands to stroke her hyper sensitive skin and knead her tingling breasts. Stacy reached down and pressed the upper cock more firmly to her swollen clit. The demon's juices burned the delicate flesh but in just the right way. She could feel another more powerful orgasm building below her belly. Her second orgasm was rewarded with another shower of demon cum. Its four hands again massaged the potent chemicals into her skin. Too weak to even protest she lay trembling under her captor.

Shifting position slightly the demon aimed the upper cock at her cunt and the lower directly at her asshole. Slowly but inexorably it pushed them into her.

"Oh, my god. No more", she pleaded but the creature didn't even pause.

The lower cock popped through her tight ring of muscles helped by the slick layer of her own dripping juices. Stacy punched weakly at the creature but it simply grabbed her arms and legs and pinned her to the mattress once more. Her violation didn't stop until both shafts were buried to their bases

Slowly, the creature lowered its face to hers. Teasingly its tongue flick across her lips and into her open mouth. Instead of thrusting the twin cocks squirmed and twisted like worms inside her. It was like nothing she'd ever experienced before. The cocks adapted to her responses and concentrated on what stimulated her drug aroused body the most.

Her heart pounding in her chest Stacy's third orgasm exploded. She screamed as if she was losing her sanity until the demon's tongue slid down her throat blocked the sound and her air. She fought to breathe even her as her body convulsed in wild climax. In desperation she sank her teeth into the demon's invading flesh but it didn't even flinch. Her blood pounding in her ears she could feel darkness closing over her.

The cold woke Stacy. Without opening her eyes she could tell she was lying naked on her own bed. Frowning she tried to sort out the jumbled memories. She was very sore but on her second attempt managed to sit up. Her body was covered with the sticky mess of the night before and dried trickles of blood from a myriad of shallow scratches all across her body. 

A naked human figure stood at the window looking out at the predawn grey. He was large and muscular and when he turned to her she saw the black void eyes of her demon lover. Stacy flinched as it reached for her but it just lifted to her feet and pointed her toward her bathroom. She considered making a break for it but two staggering steps convinced her escape was hopeless. Thankfully it didn't follow her into the small room.

Stacy stared at her reflection in shock. Her hair was matted with sweat and other things. The dried cum was flaking off her skin in patches. Where her skin was clear of bloody scratches there were red marks where the hot semen had marked her. Her cunt and asshole were sore and hollow feeling. She looked a wreck. But her eyes were bright and alive.

Never had she had such an intense experience. Used ruthlessly and relentlessly she'd had three indescribable orgasms. Used, or more accurately abused, without mercy she couldn't wrap her head her around own reaction. 

Adjusting the temperature to something soothing to her burnt skin Stacy eased into the shower and gently washed away the remains of the night before. Gradually, some semblance of the old Stacy returned. She told herself if it wanted her dead she would never have woken up. After wrapping in a fluffy towel she returned to her bedroom to face her demon again.

It was sitting cross legged on her bed examining what appeared to be an empty peanut butter jar. Without lifting its head it spoke for the first time.

"Get ready for work"

"You're letting me go?" She replied in surprise.

"No" it continued "I've captured your soul in this container. The longer and farther away you are from it. The more powerfully it will call you back. Go to work, behave normally and return here tonight. If you tell anyone about me I'll return home and take it with me. You'll experience a loss and a hunger you can't even imagine. Your sanity will not survive."

Stacy was silent as she dressed for her day. The demon regarded her thoughtfully. It was sure she was plotting some escape plan but it wanted her life outwardly normal for a few more days. Besides, it preferred not to have her underfoot as it worked. It waited until it heard her car pulling away then started gathering materials.