 "Samuel...Samuel...I see you Samuel." The taunting continued on this way; followed by bouts of alluring yet insidious giggling. Samuel hid behind a tree, his curiosity increasing with every moment that passed. He had been aroused from a rather sound slumber by the tiny footfalls of his two younger sisters as they raced down the corridor, past his room, and the room of his sleeping parents. 

The girls whispered to each other as they skittered down the stairs, almost floating, and out the front door of the house. Samuel followed close behind, taking cover in the black blanket of night as to not be seen. He watched the girls disappear into the woods at the east end of the village. He followed their bare foot tracks in the dirt, mud and then stopped a few feet away from them where he found his cover by the tree.

Samuel's sisters were soon joined by three of their peers; young girls who-without the promise of a man- could not yet be considered women, though advanced as one is through nature that none of them could, by any measure, be considered children; Lydia Duncan who had just reached her nineteenth year, Rebecca and Ellen Blackwood; sisters, though unmarried, but within child bearing years. Molly Ward was the youngest of the group having turned eighteen just three days before. The others had surrounded her laughing and hugging her as Samuel's sister, Grace placed a garland of flowers on the other girls head. Each of the girls kissed Molly on the cheek and she kissed them each in return. The light of the full moon shined down on the girls, illuminating them in an eerie, surrealistic glow. 

"Come sister." Lydia said to Molly as she took the younger girls hand. "The others await." Giggling like silly school girls, the small group moved further into the trees to what destination Samuel was unsure but determined to find out. Ellen turned briefly, looking directly at the tree where Samuel hid and suddenly winked. Samuel started. 

Did she know he was there he wondered. Was she inviting him to follow? As the girls skipped and pranced through the woods Samuel followed, keeping a safe distance behind them. The girls came to a clearing in the center of the forest where they were greeted by yet more of the young women from the village. All of the women present were in their bare feet and night clothes. Their hair flowed, untamed, down their thinly clothed backs. Samuel found a safe hiding spot in the foliage from which to spy on the gathering.

He recognized many of them straight away. 

Among them were Lucy sanders, Beulah Abbott, Rose Wilsby, and Constance Palmer. All the women were unmarried and between the ages of nineteen and twenty-two. Beulah Abbott had recently announced her engagement to Seth Bosworth but her intended was not present at this gathering, which Samuel found quite odd. Rose Wilsby-he thought- was planning to marry Thaddeus Cole though no proclamation of their love had yet been made. 

Samuel thought Thaddeus a wasteful and slow witted youth anyway, he could think of a better choice for Rose as he had thought quite often of courting her himself, and would have if so many others had not been talking about the two as though they were a couple. Samuel sighed as he thought of Rose and the idiot Cole together; Samuel was sure that he would have made her a much more suitable husband. Molly was immediately surrounded by the others as they gifted her with more garlands of flowers, woven with colorful cords and lace that they dropped down her golden locks and attached to the garland that crowned her head. She looked like a strange sort of bride, standing beneath the moon wearing a veil of blooms. 

The girls had all stepped back from her, clearing the way as Beulah stepped up. She smiled to Molly warmly, then raised a silver, shimmering, pendant in her hands for all to see. Two of the other young maidens lifted Molly's beautiful hair off her slender neck so Beulah could fasten the pendant for her. Samuel couldn't see for sure what the pendant was though he was quite certain that it was not a cross which would have been the only form of jewelry approved by the church. He wondered suddenly what these girls were up to, why were they all gathered in the forest at night, and on this night? 

It was all hallows eve, the devils night. Any good, God-fearing man, woman, or child would surely be home locked way within the safety of their houses. To be honest, the thought of going back into town and waking his father had crossed his mind, but his curiosity got the better of him as he watched, in utter disbelief, what transpired next. 

Molly looked down at the pendant and tearfully thanked Beulah for the gift. Beulah put her hands on each of the girl's shoulders and gently pulled her close. Samuel thought that she was about to whisper some secret in the girls ear when, to his complete shock, Beulah leaned forward and kissed Molly passionately on the mouth. The group around them suddenly erupted in a chorus of squeals and clapping. Beulah undid the ties that held Molly's gown together and let it slip to the girls feet. Molly blushed as Beulah stepped behind her and then lifted her arms high above her head as if displaying her to the others. One by one night dresses began to drop as each of the girls stepped out of their clothing and walked, naked, towards Molly and Beulah. Samuel stared at the scene, wide eyed, unsure if he should run or not.

Fear gripped him as he thought of what the town officials would do if they saw this behavior. The girls all would be flogged, or worse! He was frozen in place, horrified and mesmerized at the same time, unsure of what to do but unable to look away. The girls kissed Molly on the mouth just as Beulah had done, and she opened herself to each of them. Slowly, one by one, the girls began to kiss one another, wrapping their arms around each other, and groping at each other until they were nothing but a blur of hands on exposed flesh. Beulah stood behind Molly again, slipping her arms around the girls naked body, exploring her skin as she slid her hands over Molly's bare belly, up and down her hips, and then finally resting on her bare breasts.

Molly let her head fall back as Beulah began to kiss her neck lovingly. Her right hand fell down to the tuff of golden hair between Molly's legs. She stroked her hair, moving her fingers through it before slipping them between the soft folds of flesh hidden there. Molly moaned in pleasure as Beulah massaged her private place. Rebecca and Ellen approached her next. Rebecca began to kiss and then suck on Molly's hard pink nipples as Ellen placed her fingers on Molly's hidden place, her fingers working alongside Beulah's as Molly squirmed and moaned louder. Her legs spread a bit, allowing Ellen more access as she pushed her fingers deep inside the other girl. Molly gasped and cried out suddenly, but Beulah soothed her with more kisses. Ellen pushed her mouth against Molly's as she moved her fingers inside and out of her. Moisture glistened on Molly's golden tuff. Ellen went down to her knees, lifted Molly's leg onto her shoulder, and then pressed her face into her. She licked her while sliding her fingers deeper inside. 

Samuel watched all of this with wild fascination. Guilt gripped him suddenly as he realized that he was becoming aroused. His organ pulsated behind his breeches, enough so that he grabbed at it, demanding it to be still. His eyes darted about the forest as he fought against his desire to watch more. The sounds of passion roused him once more though, and he caught himself staring greedily at the women while wicked, evil thoughts plagued his mind. Molly was laid down on the ground finally. Her chest rose and sank with each ragged breath as the women around her continued to stimulate her. 

Somewhere near the forest's edge, someone had built a fire. Nude girls danced around the ever growing flames as they threw more kindling onto the pyre. Higher and higher the flames rose until finally three of the women lifted a heavy iron cauldron onto the fire and began filling it with water, herbs, and all manner of strange and exotic concoctions. All around the clearing young women were entangled in passionate embraces, kissing and stroking each other. 

The crowd grew as more women emerged from the shadowy darkness of the forest. Some of them Samuel recognized, others he did not. The new arrivals were older, more seasoned. Many of them were married with children of their own. Samuel was amazed at the beauty of the women, even those who were of middle age, as they removed their clothing just as their younger counterparts had earlier.

A group of older women stood in a small circle and raised their arms to the moon, clasping hands, as though they were worshiping it. A soft chanting began to rise up above the tops of the trees. Beulah, who had seemed to vanish briefly, had returned now wearing a long cloak made of sage and grass. She walked to Molly, who was laid out on the forest floor, her legs spread wide. 

The women gathered around and began to cover their faces with masks made of leaves and twigs. An ornate headdress was placed on Beulah by two of the younger girls. Colorful feathers and gems covered her face while twigs and straw covered her head. The very top of the headdress was adorned with deer antlers that had been covered in moss. The same two girls removed the cloak and busied themselves covering Beulah's body in thick black mud. When they were done a strange device was brought to her, something that Samuel had never seen before in his young life. It was a phallic shaped totem of some kind, smooth and polished. Its length was roughly eight inches with a two inch girth. It was attached to a harness made from deer hide which the two girls strapped to Beulah's hips; the totem rested against her private area, jutting out from between her legs like an erect organ. 

She looked down at Molly and silence fell over the clearing. "Sister Molly..." She began, "You have come to us this night a child, innocent and ignorant, but you will leave this night your ignorance and youth behind you and join us as a daughter of the Great Mother moon. As you come before us, stripped of all bondage to a society that suppresses us, laid out bare and as natural as a newly born infant, one question is put before you; are you-Molly Ward-willing to die this night and be reborn as one of us?" Molly's eyes scanned her surroundings. All eyes were upon her as they awaited her response. 

Samuel wondered, what would they do to her if she refused them now? Kill her? Sacrifice her to their unholy deity? Or simply let her walk away? 'No,' He thought to himself, 'They would never allow her to walk away, not now, not after all she has seen. They would be too frightened that she would go to the town officials and report them all.' A new kind of fear gripped him suddenly as he wondered what they would do if they discovered him. 

Molly looked again to Beulah. Her body was shivering in the cool air. Dead leaves crack under the weight of her naked body. Her hands were held in place by two masked women as were her legs. A small sigh escaped her slightly parted lips making her sound more like a child than a woman at this point. Finally she nodded. "I am." She whispered softly. "I give myself over freely to the Goddess and to my sisters." Beulah knelt down in the grass and leaves'; situating herself between Molly's opened legs. "Then...as the great Mother opened herself to the God and took him into her, sprouting forth the earth from her fertile loins, and destroying her innocence forever, I will relieve you of your innocence, your child hood, and your youth so that you may join us as a woman." 

Those who had been watching in silence were suddenly howling and shrieking with great excitement and jubilation.

Beulah crawled forward on her hands and knees, hovering over Molly's body, her breasts pressed against the other girls as she forced the totem into her. Molly yelped in pain, tears welling up in her eyes and she struggled against the women who were holding her down. Beulah ignored her pleas as she continued to shove the phallic deeper inside. "Rejoice!" Beulah told her, "This is your wedding night!" Molly rolled her head to the side and moaned. The thrusts became faster and harder. Beulah began to grind her hips hard against the other girl, her mud covered bottom rising and falling with each push.

"My God!" Samuel gasped. He clamped his hand over his mouth suddenly, scolding himself. He slouched down into the weeds for cover and prayed that he was not heard, but to his horror he saw two masked women coming towards him. He looked around realizing that it was too late to run and there was absolutely nowhere else to hide. The women descended on him like two vultures picking apart a corpse.

"No!" He screamed as they drug him from the bushes into the center of the clearing. "Damn you! Witches! You will all burn in hell!" The women laughed at him as they dropped him to the ground. He struck something hard and white hot pain shot through his head. His ears were ringing as he cried out, enraged. He felt his head being lifted as something was pushed against his mouth. A disgustingly sour and foul liquid was forcibly poured down his throat. The liquid burned his throat and made him gag. He watched as the women around him passed a bowl of the same between them, drinking greedily. He tried to scream, but nothing came. His head was pounding and throbbing. 

The trees began to look distorted as if they were bending and swaying in an imaginary breeze. He felt something wet hit his face and he realized suddenly that it had started to rain. As he lay there, stunned, unable to move, and fearing for his life, he began to feel the sensation of floating. 

'What's happening to me?' He thought. 'Are they planning to murder me?' He was abruptly pulled out of his thoughts as he felt someone tugging at his clothing. He tried to look up, but his body had since gone numb. "Relax." One of the women told him. He couldn't tell who she was for her face remained covered, but he could feel her hands moving over his body. She removed his boots and tossed them to the side. Next she moved to his shirt and with the help of another woman, pulled it up over his head. Samuel tried to protest, but he could not speak. 

He was helpless to do anything except lay there, paralyzed, watching as they stripped him. The cold air hit him hard as the women pulled him free of his breeches. The rain was coming down harder now and all around him the masked women were dancing and jumping in the mud. Their legs and thighs were covered in thick black muck and each time one of them came near him he could feel the mud splash against his naked flesh. One of the women who had removed his clothing was now on top of him, sliding her hands over his skin. She wrapped her hand around his organ that, despite his inability to move or control his own body, was erect and responsive to her touch. She began to stroke him slowly, sliding her hand up and down the length of his shaft. Another girl had joined her; this one cupped his balls in her hand and was massaging them gently. More women came over to him, touching him, exploring him, as though they had never before seen a man. The one stroking his penis suddenly went down, taking it in her mouth. She began to suck him hard and slow, her hand still gripping him and working his organ as she sucked. He looked up just as a girl with long black hair had descended upon him. She pressed her large full breasts against his face, forcing her nipple between his lips and to his utter amazement, he began to suck. "Good, good." She cooed. "That's just right." She pushed herself against him harder, and he sucked her furiously. The feeling of having this woman's breast in his mouth was pure heaven. 

He wanted so badly to take the mask off her face, but he still was not able to move his arms. The girl laughed and moaned, rubbing her soft furry mound against his belly, it was maddening. The one sucking him had stopped momentarily while she licked his shaft, teasing the tip of his cock with her tongue before swallowing him whole once more. He groaned and sighed with hot desire. "You like that, don't you?" The girl with the dark hair asked him. He tried to respond to her, but couldn't. "I know what you would like even more." She whispered in his ear. She smiled at him mischievously. He shivered beneath her, not knowing what to expect. 

"Don't worry." The girl assured him. "We're not going to harm you. We would never harm our pets." She rose up onto her knees, straddling him, and then moved herself to his face until her private place was directly above him. He looked up and saw the soft pink flesh and dark hair that framed her womanhood. Her lustrous dark curls were all a shine with her juices. She spread herself over him and pressed her sex into his face. "Use your tongue." She instructed. 

"That's it, that's so good." She moaned and crooned above him. Samuel licked at her, moving his tongue in circles and lapping at the fleshy button between her private lips. "Don't wear him out!" Someone shouted from the crowd of women. "Let the rest of us play as well." A chorus of laughter erupted and Samuel cringed some. They couldn't possibly want him to pleasure ALL of them, could they? But that was exactly what they had in mind. 

One by one the women descended upon him; some pressing their bodies against him, others devouring him themselves. At last he lay there in the mud and leaves, exhausted and near unconsciousness. 

The onslaught of eager women had stopped finally and he breathed a breath of relief. All around him the women lay in heaps, embracing each other, as they rested from the night's activities. Samuel strained to move his arms and legs as some of the feeling returned to his limbs. His mind was racing with all that had happened, all that he had seen...and done. 

He was so lost in thought that he didn't even realize that one of the women was standing beside him, looking down at him. He glanced up and saw the horned headdress and recognized at once who she was. Beulah was standing there, looking him over. Her eyes drifted to the organ that now lay flaccid against his thigh. She got down on her knees and started stroking him and his penis awakened in her hand.

"Please..." He croaked through dry lips, his throat raw and sore. 

"Please what?" She asked him. "Please stop, or do you want more?" He tried to speak, to tell her that he couldn't take any more, but his voice was choked off. "Did you like watching us?" She asked him. "Did you like spying on my sisters? Such nasty things to do; how do you suppose you should be punished, hmm?" She continued to stroke him as she spoke. Her grip was tight and painful though, and she didn't speak with the same playfulness that the others had. There was malice in her voice and Samuel suddenly became very frightened. "Well...I suppose that I should give you what you came for, should I not?" Samuel shook his head fervently. "Oh come now." Beulah grinned wickedly. "This is what you want." She moved herself around so that one leg was on either side of him then she lowered herself onto his erect organ. "There there. Isn't this what you want?" She put both hands on his chest and began to move her hips against him. 

He felt her wet, hot, opening swallow him whole. He closed his eyes and gave into the feeling. Beulah arched her back and let her head fall backwards. Long crimson locks of hair flowed down her back like a bloody waterfall. Harder and faster she pressed herself onto him, forcing him in deeper and deeper. She gasped and moaned as she rode him, her body exploding in fiery passion. Her knees dug into his sides and her finger nails cut deep into the flesh of his chest. If he could have cried out in pain he would have but his voice remained lost. 
