 Disclaimer: TRIGGERS - This story contains rough and coerced sex. Please do not read on if this may affect you and please accept my apologies. This story is written as pure fantasy ONLY and I do not condone the behaviour of the antagonists. If you cannot differentiate between fantasy and reality then please do not read on! Otherwise, please enjoy!

****************

My jaw hangs open, no sound coming from it now as I look back over my right shoulder. Donny's looming figure just stares at me from my vulnerable position on the bed. He's absolutely massive, both tall and broad, wearing tatty dungarees over some kind of long sleeved top. It's hard to get a good look in this light, but it looks like he's dressed like any other typical country boy - except for the burlap sack for a mask. Suddenly he lets out a roar, bringing the machete above his head. My eyes go wide "Nooooo!" I scream as he brings it back down. 

The blade smashes down into the bed to the left of me, my head swinging back around. I stare in disbelief for a second at the blade resting a few inches to my left. It's cut clean through the mattress and become embedded in the metal frame. How did he miss me? I'm literally a foot away from him. Did he do that on purpose? Wait... Why the hell am I questioning this?!

I come to my senses and quickly scramble forward and off the bed, crashing to the floor. I crawl forward a few feet as Donny growls by the bed. It's hard to move with my bikini briefs bunched around my thighs, so I roll on to my back. I can see he's having trouble pulling the blade out of the bed frame, which is why he's growling so angrily. I reach down to my briefs and pull them back up my legs, pushing myself backwards along the wooden floor at the same time, trying to get some distance between us.

"Come on... shit! Damn it!" I shout as I have trouble unrolling the material "For fuck sake!" I manage to get them back up, the tight fabric snapping back into place over my pussy and ass "Oww!" The material stings against my post-spanked skin. "Oh shit! No!" I yell out as I see him prise the machete clear, his large frame stumbling back into the door as he rips it from the bed . 

I quickly roll back on to my front and push myself up. He's blocking the only door in, so I turn and see window at the other end of the cabin, making a run for it. My knees hurt from kneeling down on the wooden dock for so long and my ass hurts from the spanking. I reach the window and try to push it up. It moves a little, but jams "No no no!" I push harder, his loud footsteps starting to move in my direction "Come on!" It moves up a bit more. I look over my shoulder, he's getting closer "Please!" I yell, as if the window was just waiting for good manners. A hard push and it opens up some more, the gap now big enough. I push myself up and crawl through just in time, a hand brushing my escaping foot as I fall on to the grass outside.

I get up and look at the window, loud growls coming from the burlap mask that looks out at me. He turns away, walking back into the cabin, presumably for the door. I quickly get my bearings and realise that we were in the cabin closest to the reception building... and furthest from the police cruiser. Donny comes roaring out of the cabin, moving much quicker than I anticipated. Without delay, I turn and start to run up the grassy hill, slipping and stumbling my way to the top. I look over my shoulder and see him striding purposefully in my direction "Fuck!"

At the top of the hill is a car park. I grab my large breasts, one in each hand, to hold them steady and sprint across it to the large wooden reception building with glass fronted doors. I reach the doors "Come on, please be open!" I try the first but it doesn't budge "No! Please!" I try the next door and it's unlocked "Yes!"

I get inside and pull the door shut behind me, the burlap sack slowly bobbing up into view as he nears the top of the hill. I look around the room, not even sure what I'm looking for. A weapon? An escape route? A phone! There's a land-line on the reception desk and I lift the dusty receiver, putting it to my ear... No dial tone. Press the buttons... no response. Turning back, I see Donny moving across the car park. Panicking, I drop the phone and head for the nearest place to run - up the stairs.

I reach the first floor landing and bolt to the left for no particular reason, reaching a door with 'Manager's Office' labelled on it. Pushing it open, I step inside and shut the door behind me, just as I hear glass smashing downstairs. Apparently Donny doesn't make quite the elegant entrance that I do. The room is situated on the corner of the building. It's fairly large and surprisingly well lit, with moonlight flooding in from large windows on two walls. Straight in front of me is a big wooden desk with a chair behind it. A double bed sticks out from the wall far to my right, with cupboards and draws dotted around it. Clearly this doubled up as the manager's bedroom as well. Donny's footsteps are on the stairs now and this room lacks the one thing I need - an escape route. With no other options left, I run to the bed and crawl under it, turning so I can see the room.

The footsteps are on the landing now. Hopefully he'll go the other way... No such luck, the heavy steps get closer. My arm hits something and I find a box under the bed. I open it quickly, tipping out the contents - a bunch of polaroid photos. Would it have been too much for the universe to give me gun?! It's too dark under the bed to make out what's on them and I don't really have time to check, the door to the office smashing open.

I stifle a scream, putting my hand over my mouth as I see the large boots move across the floor, stopping and turning in place. From my hiding place I can see the bottom of the blade as well. The old boots move around the room, first checking behind the desk. Well, at least I didn't pick the very worst place to hide. Next they head over to the bed. The doors of a wardrobe are violently ripped open and my hand stifles another scream.

A growl practically rumbles the room when he finds the wardrobe empty. The boots turn again, this time towards the bed. Suddenly the blade comes crashing down through the mattress, barely 2 inches from my face. He missed again? Am I just really lucky? And... wait... why do I keep questioning this?!

I scream as the blade is retracted from the bed and I quickly scramble out from under the bed, the polaroids scattering out across the floor. I crawl away as quickly as I can, but he's on me in a flash. A large arm scoops me up "No! Ahhhhh!" I push against the arm, my feet kicking against the floor. He grunts as he shoves me against a wall that's bathed in moonlight that floods in from the opposite window, the light split in to four sections by each pane of glass.

"No! Please! Nooooo!" I watch in horror as he lifts the blade above his head. "Please don't!" I shut my eyes tight as he brings the blade down, a blood-curdling scream escaping my throat, expecting the end... It takes me a moment to realise that I'm still screaming.

I open my eyes. My still in the room and he's still standing over me. I look up, the sharp edge of the blade hovering an inch above my head. How am I still alive?! Once I've noticed it, he slowly starts to turn the blade over and lowers the flat width of it against my head, gently applying pressure. His message is clear and I slide down the wall "Please don't hurt me..."

I slide down on the wall and drop on to my knees, his heavy blade resting on my head the whole way. I kneel before him, looking up "What do you want?!" He takes the blade off my head and rests it by his side, the point touching the floor. Even though the moonlight is on his back, his head shrouded in darkness, I can still see his eyes burning through the burlap sack. His free hand moves to the front of his dungarees, to a button I hadn't noticed before. He unclasps the button and the front drops down, a rock hard cock protruding from the darkness.

I gasp at the size of it. He's a monster with a monster. It's the largest I've seen, at least double the size of the police officer's. He taps his blade on floor with one hand, cocking his head to the side as he points at his other weapon with his free hand, letting me know my options. The choice is obvious.

My hands are shaking as I reach up, placing one hand on his hip, the other softly gripping the end of his cock. It feels heavy in my hand, my tiny fingers just about clasping around it. My soft hand slides down his long shaft until it nestles in the unkempt pubic hair around the base. Out of the corner of my eye I notice one of the polariods on the floor. It's resting in the light from the window and I can see the image clearly. The photo is old, probably from when the camp was first open. It's of a girl, roughly my age. She's posing topless on the very same bed that I hid under. There's something so familiar about her... wait... it can't be?! Before I can finish my thought, his shovel like hand moves to the back of my head, my entire dome fitting in his palm, the fingers gripping tightly around it. He taps his blade on the floor again, louder this time... He's getting impatient.

I open my mouth as wide as I can, leaning forward and wrapping my trembling lips around his dick. I slide my lips down slowly, only getting halfway before it starts to press against my throat. I slide my hand back up his shaft until it meets my mouth half way. I hold half his cock in my mouth, sucking softly as I pump my hand up and down on the other half. I look up at his burlap covered face, getting a groan of approval. If the fear the police officer put in me was a turn on then I just hit the jackpot. I moan on to his cock, my pussy still yearning.

His cock is so long that I can only get my mouth half-way down it comfortably, my hand continuing to work on the lower half, his heavy hand still resting on the back of my head. I'm leaning over his cock, my red hair falling about my face. I slide my lips from his dick, my hand working the full length of his shaft as I use my free hand to brush my hair back behind my ear. I look from his cock, to his face, to the blade, reminding myself of how important it is to do a good job. My small hand pumps hard and faster on his shaft, his breathing getting louder and faster. I run my hand down to the base then lean forward and press my tongue on the underside of his shaft, sliding it up to the tip, then going back down the side. I lick his cock all over like a lollipop, the moans above letting me know he likes it.

Like with the cop, I spit on to his dick then use my hand to rub it all over, lubricating his snake. When I put my lips back around him they slide down much easier, letting me pick up the pace. My head bobs up and down on his dick with vigour, sucking harder each time I slide back up to the tip. He starts to pump his hip lightly and I adjust to move in time with him. The last thing I want is for him to take control and start fucking my mouth. Not with his monster.

I look up at him as my mouth slips up and down his tool, searching for approval. The taste of his salty pre-cum lets me know I have it. He grunts as he looks down at my tiny body, but his eyes suddenly move from me and to the photo on the floor. I watch as he uses the tip his machete to stab the photo, then raises the blade, his other hand moving from the back of my head to pluck the photo from the blade. I can just about see his face as he holds the photo up to the moonlight, examining it. I actually feel jealous at losing his attention. I slide my lips back off his cock and keep pumping with my hand.

"Donny?" He inspects the photo. There's something in his eyes as he lets out a growl... recognition "Donny, down here..." I lean back, on to my free hand, pushing my breasts up in the air as I rub his dick, trying to get his attention back. It doesn't work. He lets out an even louder growl, sending terror through my body as he scrunches up the photo, throwing it angrily down at me "Ah!" I cry out in fear as he roars this time, lifting up his blade and driving it into the wall in a rage, leaving it sticking out of the plaster. I let go of his dick - I need to get out of here! Before I can even move he reaches down and grabs me under my shoulders, lifting me up and holding me against the wall "Ahhh! No! Donny! Wait!" I cry out as he pins me to the wall, looking me up and down as my legs kick out, my hands slapping down on his forearms. The girl in that photo has set him off and I have no idea what he will do next.

He roars again, then throws me to his left. I scream as I fly through the air, unsure of where I will land until I feel the soft mattress on my back. I sit up just in time to see him stomp towards me, his throbbing cock swinging in front of him. Before I can react he grabs my ankles, dragging me down the bed. He grabs my bikini briefs and yanks them down my legs to my knees "Uhhhh!" I yell, that primal urge back as they reach my ankles. I flip over on to my front, as he pulls my briefs free from my body. I crawl to the centre of the mattress as the weight of his body creaks the bed frame, the mattress noticeably dropping as he kneels behind me. He grabs my hair, yanking me up on to all fours "Owwww! Ohhhh-" I'm cut of as his giant hand clamps over my entire face, pushing the balled up bikini bottoms into my mouth, muffling my moans.

His large hands grip my thighs, roughly pulling them apart to spread my legs, allowing him to position himself between them, his heavy cock resting on the top my ass. He puts one hand on my shoulder, gripping it to hold me in place. My moans of anticipation are muffled as his free hand guides the tip of his cock to my quivering pussy, pressing against it. With a low growl, he roughly shoves couple of inches inside, my tight snatch stretching to accommodate his thick cock. He growls again as he shoves it in further, my fingers gripping the sheets to take it as he rams in some more, half his length inside me now. He pulls back out to the tip the grunts as he pumps back in to me, pushing further. I stare at the wall ahead of me as he starts to fuck me from behind, pumping slowly in and out, only his half his cock pushing into me, but getting a little deeper with each thrust.

I bite down on the make-shift gag, crying out against it each time he angrily pushes into me, making me realise that the girl in the photo must have been one that was involved all those years before. A girl who I recognise, who started all of this. He moves his hand from my shoulder to my hair, tugging it back as his other hand grabs my hips, his cock thrusting in and out of me harder and faster. He grunts with each hard push, and I can feel it sliding deeper inside me. I feel him pull all the way out to the tip and, with a roar, he slams it back inside me, pushing his whole length in to my young pussy. I squeal behind the gag as he impales me on his size, my whole body shoved forward, my breasts swinging under me.

He puts both hands on my hips and starts slamming in and out of me, fucking me hard as I moan behind the gag. I start to move my hips in time with his, pushing back against his giant cock. He slides in and out of my wet pussy, my teeth digging in to the gag as my muffled cries of pleasure get lost in his grunts. 

His hips crash against my ass each time he rams his cock into me, my tight pussy wrapped tightly around his long sword that's coated in my pussy juices. He sounds like he's enjoying re-living his glory day, when I showed those counsellors what he was capable of. He pushes my head down in to the mattress and pulls my ass up, leaning over me to push as hard and as deep as he can. The headboard pounds against the wall as he thrusts in and out of me, my hands pulling at the sheets in ecstacy, close to another climax. He slams into me over and over until my body shudders, waves of pleasure coursing through me as I have an earth shattering orgasm, my pussy muscles contracting on his rock hard dick. I pant and moan on the gag, dripping with sweat as push myself back on his pumping cock, wanting more of it.

I'm disappointed as I feel his cock slide out of me, but then he roughly flips me on to my back. He grabs my wrists in one hand, pinning them above my head as he pushes his cock back inside me, his burlap mask inches from my face. I spread my legs wide, pulling my knees back towards my body, trying to give his cock as much room as possible as he starts to pound me into the mattress. I shut my eyes, screaming in to the gag as he slams me harder than I've ever had before, orgasmic after shocks hitting my tiny frame. 

I hear a smash to my right, the headboard hitting the wall with such force that pictures fall from where they hang. I bite down hard on the bikini in my mouth, still able to taste the chlorine from the pool, my head shaking from side to side as he pumps in to me. He grabs my chin, holding my head in place, making me look up at him as his fingers plucking the briefs from my mouth - he wants to hear me. He slowly pulls out to the tip of his cock - "Uhhh... Oh Donny! Uggghhhhh!" - before slamming it back in.  

"Ohh! Ahh! Yes! Uhh! Donny! Oww! Ohh!" He thumps into my tight pussy hard and deliberate, my cries like music to him. He puts his hands either side of my chest, releasing my wrists from his grip as my breasts bounce and wobble with each slam of his rod. My hands immediately grip the sheets above my head and I can feel bits of plaster hit my white knuckles when the headboard smacks the wall. "Ahhhhhhh!" He arches his back, letting out a loud roar as he drives deep into me, starting to blast his cum inside my pussy. 

I writhe under him, pushing my hips up to meet his thrusting cock as he fills me up, still pumping in me as he shoots his load. He pulls out, firing a load on to my stomach, another wad hitting my chest. He quickly grabs my hair and yanks my head up, my hands moving up to grab the fist that clenches my red hair. I open wide and he shoves his cock back into my mouth, my eyes opening wide as he fires into my gob. Clearly he has a lot of spunk to give. I quickly gulp down the jizz that fills my mouth, tasting my own pussy on my lips as I swallow his load. He pulls out of my mouth just in time to blast one final load on to my lips and chin.

Cum mixed with sweat drips from my face, dropping on to my tits and stomach, joining the rest of his produce. He holds me in place on the bed, looking down at me. He growls and grunts in place of panting, my pale blue eyes looking up at him, wondering if he's pleased with me. He lets go of my hair and gets up off the bed. I sit up quickly on the edge of the bed, moving my lips to his cock. I run my tongue all over it, cleaning my own pussy from his shaft. Unlike with the police officer's fingers, I'm not ashamed. I want to do this. No, I need to do this. I owe him. I gratefully lash my tongue against his softening cock until he's clean. Satisfied, he turns and walks away.

My body trembles as I watch him, rooted to the spot through fear... or lust. I watch as he pulls the machete from the wall, before slowly turning back towards me.

"No... please... Donny... I can do better!" I sob as he walks slowly towards me, pointing the long weapon at me. Did I not please him enough?! I can't bring myself to move as the tip of the blade hovers just in front of my face. He moves it delicately to my skin, gently running the tip from my cheek down to my chin. I try to stay perfectly still, just pleading through clenched teeth. He doesn't break the skin though, just teases the blade through the cum that covers me.

Slowly he lowers it down my neck, then in between my breasts. The blade moves to my belly and lingers there. This must be it. I look up at him, my eyes begging him to let me live. He tilts his head to the side, his own eyes looking dead behind the burlap. In one last effort to show him my affection, I run two fingers through the cum on my chest, coating the tips of them. I bring them upto my mouth and slide them between my lips, moving them in and out slowly. 
