 *James and Daniel belong to me. Have fun with them, please don't steal them. 

____________________________________

I closed the door behind me, the alarm beeping softly in it's one-two time, and wiggled the handle to make sure it was locked. Narrowly avoiding a fresh wad of pink soft looking bubblegum, I bent and picked up the trash bag waiting for me in the hallway. I clipped my keys onto my belt loop and slipped my headphones over my ears, blaring altrock as I padded quietly down the hallway. I headed past the back doors of other mall stores and further into the labyrinth of back-alley hallways towards the movie theatre exit, checking my text messages as I went. Pretty standard stuff, brother wants to borrow my cd, mom is mad I didn't call, boyfriend can't find his belt... blah blah, I responded to a few and tucked my phone into my back pocket. 

My hand was barely on the door handle, the neon EXIT sign bathing my skin in red when a dark blur hit me like a train from my left. I found myself pinned to the wall, trapped and gasping. There were hands around my body, trapping me into a corner between this person, the fire extinguisher box, and a dirty cement wall. He reached to my waist and ripped my keys from my pants, sending the little strip of fabric flying between us, and a scream welled up in my throat. He threw the keys, jingling and skidding, down the empty hallway, then ripped my headphones violently away and they followed suit. His other hand wrapped around my neck and pressed a sharp object into the tender skin at the hollow there. 

"If you scream, I'll make you bleed." He blew the words as scalding air across my ear, and my whole body tightened in terror at the sound. I was breathing too quickly, my heart pounding a terrible tattoo against my chest. 

"What do you want?" I whispered, shuttering, terrified. He didn't answer, but pushed my face against the wall with one hand. It was so cold. I whimpered and screwed my eyes closed, pushing back against him with my body, trying pathetically to get away. 

"Stop it." He smashed my face against the wall with a crack, and dots of light danced behind my closed eyelids. The hand around my throat found its way to my thin t-shirt, his fingers tracing the outline of my bra pressed close to the fabric. My teeth clenched and I dropped the trash bag, using both hands in a pushup motion against the wall, and shoved, ramming his back into the fire extinguisher, before turning and pulling away from him. 

He was faster than me, and with a grunt from hitting the metal box, he grabbed at my right elbow with one arm and bent it backwards at a funny angle. I moaned in pain, my eyes rolling back in my head, and slumped in his grip. He spun me to face him and tore my pocket out in one practiced move, letting my cell phone crack loudly to the floor and kicked it away from us. One hand traveled back up my body and wrapped itself in my messy ponytail, sending black tendrils into both of our faces but giving him control of my upper body. 

He had a black knitted beanie with a blue stripe all the way around it pulled all the way down to his eye brows. His eyes were stunning, a crystal, sparkling blue, though they were set too deep in his face, the dark look in those perfect eyes chilled my blood. That was all I could see of him however, he was covered in a heavy leather jacket with a high collar, buckled all the way up, covering his chin, mouth and nose. His skin was white, and I could tell he was flushed. 

He pulled my injured arm upwards, over my head, and held it between several fingers of the hand in a death grip of my hair. His whole upper body leaned in towards me, pinning my chest with his shoulder, he grabbed my other arm and wrenched it upwards as well, my wrist joining his collection in my hair. His hands were so large they covered both my slender wrists, his hand slipped into his jacket and pulled a neon bit of plastic from its depths. I realized what it was and began my struggling again in earnest, small terrified noises spilling from my lips. 

His hands stalled in their motions, and he looked into my eyes. "What did I say to you?" He said, crushing my wrists painfully against each other.

"w-what?" I stuttered.

"If you scream?" He pulled shoved his hand into the pocket and pulled out a flat silver object. With one smooth motion he flicked the blade out, the light glittering wickedly off the metal in the dim hallway. 

I didn't know what answer he wanted. My bottom lip quivered and I watched his hand go towards the other at my head. "Y-you'll make me bleed?" the words came tumbling thickly out between heavy shuttering breaths. 

"Good girl." There was a small noise, vippp, and my hands where suddenly clinched together against hard plastic. I gasped, taking in a sharp breath, my ribs and face aching. One hand slid down the side of my face, the other down my neck, my arm, towards my waist. My arms slipped backwards, the small circle of plastic getting caught on my ponytail, and I clenched my eyes closed again. His fingers came roughly into my mouth as he shoved them and my eyes snapped open, a small noise falling from my throat. 

"Shhh." He muttered, and slid his big fingers back and forth over my tongue, violating my mouth, my jaw stretched and burned and I groaned. 

He wondering hand found the edge of my t-shirt and ripped the hem upwards spilling my crimson clad breasts into his vision. He stared at my bra for a long time, the fingers in my mouth moving faster, he shoved a third one between my lips and groaned, grinding his hips into mine. I tried to wiggle away, but only managed to press my back harder against the wall. He was so firm. His dick was hard, and huge, pressing into the softness at the front of my body. I squealed, and the first tears slipped from my eyes. The fingers in my mouth slid away, he smeared them through the tears on my face, the salty smell of saliva and my own tears mingling around us. 

He was gripping my hair suddenly, tearing at it and pushing me to my knees. I gasped and fought against him, but he pushed me down. "No! Please!" I shoved my head into the corner, as far from him in the tight space. He looked down at me and used both hand to caress himself against his black jeans. My eyes closed and I bit my lips trying to quell the scream inside of me. I heard his clothing shuffle, and the slow distinctive sound of his zipper going down. "Nooo." I sobbed, moaned the word, and felt his hands grip my hair again. 

I opened my eyes to the monstrosity in front of me. His cock was huge, throbbing against my face. I shook my head and struggled, his fist tightening painfully in my hair. The head of his dick came to rest against my mouth and I cried, tears sliding silently down my cheeks. One of his huge hands gathered the wetness and rubbed it onto his cock, he used that slickness to slide slowly back and forth against my mouth. I rolled my eyes up to look at him, pleading with my eyes. The hand in my hair wrenched my head back, in one taught line, and I almost screamed, I would have, but his monster muffled the sound. He thrust his cock into my mouth, jabbing against my throat and I gagged, fat tears coming fast from my eyes. 

The man groaned in one long drawn out noise, and used my hair to pull me back and forth slickly over his dick. Choking me as it hit the back of my throat again and again.

"That's my good little bitch," he sighed the words softly into the dark, "that's a good little girl." His hips thrust forward sharply and I make a sharp muffled sound of displeasure. "Suck my cock." He continued to fuck my mouth, his cock getting harder as he moved, pulling little pained noised from me as he yanked on my black curls. "Suck it!" he groaned and thrust his whole body against me, smacking the back of my skull into the wall. "Yesss. I was waiting for you all day. You little slut."

"Mm Mmmm!" I struggled against him, scratching and pulling at his hand where I could possibly reach while they were tied, and forced myself not to vomit on him, hot steady tears tracking down my face. The hand not holding my mouth to him reached between us, grabbed a fistful of my shirt and pulled, ripping it free of my body. My eyes widened and I screamed, as he thrust franticly against my throat. He let out a deep, thick grumble, and hot wetness spilled out into my mouth, filling and choking me. His dick spilled from between my lips and cum dribbled out of my mouth. He slapped me, once, hard across the face, and my head snapped up, staring angrily into his face.

"Now, now," he whispered "You're spilling." And he used two fingers to slide that thick cum back into my mouth, then he gripped my jaw closed. "Swallow all my cum." He put his face close to mine, his mouth almost touching my moist lips. "Swallow. It." I clenched my teeth and swallowed, my stomach churning.

I was suddenly moving, his hands on my body as he flipped me once again. I was unsteady, half on my feet when I felt the blade against my lower back. I stilled in his arms, and air hissed silently through my lips. "Stop. Please don't do this." My voice was soft and pathetic, and I closed my eyes against it. The cold metal came to the waistband of my work pants, and started a slow saw through the fabric. I whimpered and squirmed slowly against the cement. One of his hands gripped my breast and I moaned in pain. His hand delved into my bra and he twisted my nipple, roughly, quickly and I cried out. His cock was hard again, I could feel it against my knees. His blade made it though my pants, snagged on my panties, before clattering to our feet. 

Both of his hands settled at my waist and ripped my pants away, toppling me, and sending me to the floor at his feet. He kicked me and I grunted, twisting to hide my nakedness from him. "You're hurting me!" I shivered, and tried my best to scuttle away from him. He grabbed me by the front of my bra, lifting me from the floor, half against the wall, and thrust his naked cock against my pussy. "No!" my voice, got louder, shrill, and he lifted the blade to my chest. "Oh God. God. Oh God." The words were breathy, pulled from my throat. 

I heard the wet sound of ripping fabric and felt the bra come away, a scrap of blood cast to the floor. The tip of his dick slid inside of me and I screamed, the noise echoing into the hall way. His whole body stilled and he looked down at me. He put his hand against my face, with those heat filled eyes staring holes into my head, curled them into hooks against my cheek bone, and raked his nails down my face. I screamed the whole time he did it, felt as the scalding blood welled up and dripped off my chin. 

"Don't scream again." He shifted his hips, more of his monstrous cock entering my tight pussy, sliding against the minimal wetness. "You won't like what happens." 

There was a shuffling noise behind us, a loud click, and his body shifted away from me, his cock slipping out of me as the sound of multiple footsteps echoed into the hallway. We could hear the voices of girls lifting into the air, laughing and talking. He pulled something from his pocket and shoved it into my mouth, it was hot and thick, maybe a sock or a glove, then trapped my head against the wall, and slid us sideways further into the darkness. I struggled against him, trying to move towards the girls, but he just pressed his hand into my throat, choking me, blocking all hopes of making any noise. 

"God people are so rude." Muttered one girl as they moved down the hallway, "They left all their trash here, like dumpster is like ten feet away." I could hear the metal sound of soda cans, and the dry rustle of trash bags, she must have lifted the bag. The voices of the girls grew dim, and the wall shuttered as the outside door swung closed. My only hope had vanished. 

His head turned slowly, like a snake, as if in slow motion and he shifted his hips, ramming his cock into my exposed body. I cried out in shock and pain against my gag, and gave one last violent struggle, the tears falling from my eyes once more. 

"Oh?" he groaned against my face. He slid his cock away from me, and a thick wetness slid between us. He touched it, and brought it to my face, the tips of his fingers stained with blood. "A virgin?" again he rammed his cock into me and I screamed as he tore me even further, his monster of a dick burying itself into my too tight pussy.

"Ugh!" I screamed, and struggled, battering at his face with my elbows. He swatted them away, with anger in his eyes, and thrust into me, groaning low and deep. I grunted in pain and angled my hips away from him.

Over and over he thrust his hard cock into my little pussy, ripping and tearing at my insides. "Uh, uh, uh" the noises of pleasure were ripped hotly from his mouth, as he slipped his hands against my ass and angled my hips off the wall, towards his body. He pulled my feet off the ground and wrapped them around his waist. It hurt so bad. I moaned and screamed, struggling against my bonds. 

I pushed the gag from my mouth with my tongue and spit it at him. "stop, please! It hurts! Oh God it hurt!" he didn't stop, but grew faster, his eyes filling with a new heat at every pained noise I made. "Pleeease." I cried, "It hurts so bad. You're tearing me apart!" He grew faster, beating my body into the wall behind us, bruising my smooth skin against the cement, and we slid down until I was lying on the cold floor beneath him. "No! Don't! Stop it!"

"Never." He hissed the word at me, and continued his hard pounding into my pussy, deep into my body, pounding harder and harder with every stroke. A light sweat broke out on his forehead and I cried out in pain. He slapped me across the face, drawing blood from my mouth. I choked on it, and spit it at him. His stokes grew frantic and hot inside of me, and his breath came in deep groans from his body. "Oh, you hot bitch. Oh." He groaned long and loud and slapped my breasts repeatedly, leaving stinging handprints across me. I moaned, and struggled, kicking my feet around us.

"Please!" I screamed, but it was too late. He let out a terrible yell and shuttered against me, his cock going terribly hand and deep inside my body and I felt shot after shot of his hot cum inside me. "Nooo..." the word was little more than a whisper, as I shook my head back and forth. "No." He pounded me several more times into the floor, a deep chuckle spilling from his lips. 

"No, what? Too late now." He left his cock inside me, and lifter two hands to the zipper of his jacket, still covering his nose and mouth. He unzipped it slowly, evil set deep in his eyes. A strong chiseled nose came into view, a beautiful bow shaped mouth flush with lust, and straight clean teeth.

"Danny?" I whispered, shocked to my very core.

"Daniel isn't home" The words came from my friends mouth, but the voice didn't belong. He grinned, the smile of the devil, wrenched my head back from my hair and bit me. He tore at my throat like a dog and I screamed, long and loud down the cold dark hallway. 

I kept screaming as the pain grew, building in a hot fiery line through my body until I thought I would explode. Distantly I felt Danny's huge cock grow firm again but I was unconcerned. My scream grew louder, but Danny stopped, leaned toward me, thrusting his cock hilt deep inside of me, and blew cold air into my mouth. A dark heat grew inside my pussy, filling me to my eyes with hot hard pleasure, and I screamed an orgasm against his neck, sitting up and dancing my body on top of his, rubbing as much skin as I could against him.

"Oh, Yes!" I screamed. "Yes!"

He lifted me, pushing me against the wall again, thrusting over and over until I came on his cock again, lifting and screaming his name into the air. He lowered me, and my feet slid to the ground, a deep contented sigh falling from my mouth. He leaned forward and kissed me, filling my mouth with the taste of my own blood. I smiled against his mouth. He pulled away from me, his cock slipping from my pussy with an audible pop. I looked at it, and licked my lips, my body growing tight and full.

"More." I groaned, and tipped forward, trying to reach him on unsteady legs. 

"Not quite yet, my pet." He stepped away from me, and I let out a frustrated howl, pulling at the bonds holding my wrists together. He grinned, the grin I have learned to hate. "You have to earn it." Then he turned and left. He walked out of the mall's employee hallways and left me, fucked, bleeding and want with a need I had never known in the darkness.