 Eighteen-year-old, Misty Crawford sat on the bench, watching all of her friends dancing and making out to the soft music, wishing she wasn't the school nerd. She was an average looking girl that was always dressed in black and her IQ was almost twice that of any one in school. With the way guys liked a dumb girl with big boobs, Misty was left out in the cold. 

Tonight was the big Halloween dance and bonfire, but Misty was alone and sick of it. 'I need a guy to come and swoop me off my feet and end this bull-shit!' she thought with a frown, watching two people just to her right, getting down and dirty. It looked like the guy was trying to ram his dick up the girl and out of her mouth. He was pounding her with no mercy. 'Damn, that's just what I need to see," she thought with a moan and Misty had to get outside. 

She rushed out the big double doors and started running towards the lake, but in her need to get out as fast as she could, Misty forgot that she was wearing four-inch, spike heels. She tripped and landed face down on the cool grass with a loud thud. 

"Dang it, I best not be messed up! It's still kind of early, more guys could show up and I might actually get lucky!" she said with a giggle and sat up, looking over her black stockings and black miniskirt, making sure they were ok. 

Her vampire costume was an outfit Misty wore to school many, many times, but nobody noticed, they said it was a great costume. Misty could see the guys checking out her tiny A cups and there were many sets of eyes going up and down her stockings and petite legs. 

"Cool, now for a smoke," she said looking around, making sure nobody was around. She did not want to get busted at a school function for smoking, and get into trouble. She was going to get on the Honor roll again and hoped to be the top student in the state.

EIGHTEEN-YEAR-OLD, Misty made her way towards the lake and after looking around one last time, she ducked behind some tall bushes and sat down on the grass. She opened her small purse, grabbed her smokes, popped the 'fake' fangs from her mouth and laid them in her purse. 

She twirled her tongue a few times, wetting her mouth and lit the cigarette. "Ahhh," she moaned as the warm, soothing smoke rushed into her lungs and her relaxed body. "Why in the heck do guys want dumb chicks? A smart one, like me, could help them get good grades and if they knew how much I wanted to try sucking a cock, I'd be set!" Misty giggled as she thought of sucking a big cock and wondered what it was going to be like. You see, Misty was a true virgin. 

She grabbed her pussy, squeezed it and moaned. "Oh God, I'm so freaking horny!" she laughed and lay back to look up at the stars. 

Her eyes, covered with thick black eye shadow, her face also covered with white makeup, counted the many tiny glowing stars and Misty said. "I wonder if I'll ever get a guy. I'm going to be the only virgin in college." Misty whispered as her young heart sank and she could feel tears forming in her brown eyes. 

She remembered talking with her grandmother. She would always tell Misty, how pretty she was, and how the guys would be chasing after her, but she was still waiting and hoping. "Someday maybe," she yawned and rubbed her eyes. "I best not be tired! I've had enough caffeine to kill a freaking horse!" she laughed, yawned again and saw a light fog starting to form over the lake. 

"Oh cool as hell!" she said as the fog lifted from the warm water and it filled the night air. "It's a good night for a sexy vampire or werewolf to come and give me a bite...or two!" Misty giggled as her hands slid up and down her very slender body, thinking of two sharp fangs sinking deep into her neck or getting humped from behind, like she was a dog. 

Misty squeezed her small breasts and gently rolled her excited nipples between her fingers. "Mmmm, I need a guy!" she moaned, took the last puff from her cigarette and flicked it in the lake. "Well, I better go back. Maybe some new guys will be there by now." Misty said, but she didn't have any faith. She was doomed to a life of being lonely. 

"Hello." EIGHTEEN-YEAR-OLD, Misty heard come from the fog and a tall, dark man appeared from nowhere. 

"Who are you and what are you doing here?" she said with fear in her voice as she quickly stepped away from him and Misty's heart raced.

"My name is...for tonight, you may call me, Count," he said with a calming smile, showing his fangs to her and they laughed together. 

"Hey there Count, my name is..."

"Misty and I've always admired it," he said with a deep, but relaxing voice, slowly walking towards her. "It's a very sweet and beautiful name," he added and stopped next to her tiny body. "Are you with those unruly young ones?" he asked as his eyes looked over her small body and tantalizing costume. "Why did you want to be a vampire?" he asked.

"I would love to be one. I love there way of life, I just hope they can have sex while they suck a persons neck." Misty giggled and quickly got back on tract. "How on earth did you know my name and yes, I'm with them and my friends will be back any second." Misty quickly said, hoping he believed that she had friends coming to join her soon. She'd hate to end up on one of those TV cop shows and have all of America, looking at her dead carcass and her bare ass.

"I know lots of things, my dear Misty and please, do not be afraid of me. I will not hurt you in any way. I promise," he said with a smile and winked his left eye. "And yes, we can have sex with our hunt. That is what makes it so pleasurable." 

Misty heard him and she liked the way he looked, but something was telling her to run like hell and never stop. "I just met you, I'm a girl, I'm always on guard," she replied and watched him smiling at her. "How often do you get to hunt down a pretty girl like me and enjoy sex with her?"

"That you are and I must say...I have not had a lovely young lady like you, in a long time."

"How can you say that I'm lovely, I'm wearing this dumb costume and makeup?" Misty asked as she looked down and thought he must have meant her boobs or legs. He surely didn't think she was lovely.

He smiled again and said. "I also see many things and I think you are very lovely," as he brushed a strand of hair from Misty's right eye and he could smell a wonderful aroma oozing from her young body. 

"Well, you're the only man in this town that thinks I am." 

"These hillbillies's are so dumb, they could not tell their ass from a bucket of crap, so do not worry about them," he said as he moved closer, hoping that she would relax and trust him.

She didn't want to, but Misty laughed and she accidentally fell against him. "You've got that right!" she laughed a few seconds more and Misty moved a step back. "Do you live here or are you from out of town?" she asked, looking over his thick body and his long coal, black hair.

"I lived here long ago and thought that I would come back to see how things have changed."

She twirled a strand of her hair and wanted another cigarette. This guy was doing something weird to her and Misty felt strange. Not sick or anything like that, it was as if she craved him and they just met. "Want a smoke?" Misty asked, offering the pack to him.

"No thank you, my dear. I do not like anything that pollutes my blood and you should not either. I am sure you have heard this before, but those are very bad for you."

"Yeah, yeah, I know, but they seem to calm my nerves and." Misty quickly replied as she lit it and took a big puff. "I like it," she said blowing the smoke from her mouth and up in the night air. "So, where do you live, Count?" she asked and made sure to say 'count' with a fake English accent. 

"At this moment in time...I have a large castle three hours south of Bucharest, Hungry. I think you would like it."

"Oh shit, are screwing with me?" Misty asked and she could not fathom living in such an awesome place as Bucharest. 

"I would never do such a thing to you," he smiled, took the cigarette from her and tossed it on the ground. "Come, lets dance and enjoy this magical night that only comes once a year," he added and lead the way back to Misty's school friends. 

She followed him like a puppet, but it felt good to have a man telling her what she was going to do. "Do you always take charge of your women this way or am I special?" she asked as they walked inside and he made his to the band. He yelled something to the singer and gave him a large roll of money.

Count pulled her to the middle of the floor and he smiled. "I love slow music that a person may understand and dance to. Yes, I am a man that takes charge."

"How much money did you give that guy? It looked like a bundle!" she said as Count pulled her against his tall, manly body and he hugged. "Oh my!" she gasped at his soft and cool touch, wondering why his big hands were so cool, on such a warm October night. 

"Not to worry my sweet, I have plenty more of it."

"Cool, you should toss a few bucks my way. I sure could use a new computer. Mine is about to take a big, hairy crap!" Misty said as her arms wrapped around his neck and the next song started. "Oh cool, I like this song, but you hardly hear it anymore," she said into his ear as they started swaying back and forth to the soft beat of the song. 

"It is my favorite of all time and even though it saddens me, I still enjoy it."

She heard him and asked. "Why do you get sad?" Misty looked up into his dark eyes and they were gorgeous.

"I was married long ago and this was our song, but she is gone now and in a better place."

"Ohhh, I'm sorry." Misty said with love as she lightly caressed the sides of his manly face. "I hope that I didn't make things worse on you," she added and he smiled.

"Never! I am with a young and very pretty young lady! I could not be any better if I wanted."

"Easy big boy." Misty giggled as she fanned her face. "This is my first 'real' time with a man that my parents don't know," she added with an embarrassment. He was tall, with a true, manly face and he excited Misty. 

"Oh, I beg your pardon then," he said as he caressed her lower back and when his cool fingers touched Misty's bare flesh, his manhood started to grow against his young prize. 

Misty felt his fingers sliding over her back and she wanted to jump up and down with joy. A hot looking guy was trying to feel her up and Misty was floating on air. "You dance very nicely," she whispered to him and she saw a few kids from school looking at her 'new' guy. 

"I'm afraid your friends have spotted us and they will surely take you away from me." Count said as he pulled her closer and his hands caressed lower down her back, until he was touching Misty's excited behind. 

"Nah, none of them even like me. I'm something like, three times smarter than any of them and they hate me." Misty replied, bit her lip and she couldn't believe this hot guy, was feeling her up.

"If that is the case, may I ask why you are here with them?" he asked with a puzzled look on his face. 

"I was hoping that I'd meet a hot guy and get um..." Misty said and quickly stopped before she said the word 'laid' to him. 

He looked at Misty, trying to figure out what she was saying and it dawned on him. "You were hoping for a young man to spend the night with," he said and if Misty hadn't been wearing so much makeup, he was sure that her face would have been red with embarrassment. 

"Shhh, these jerks will tease the crap out of me if they hear you! And, they do that enough now," she quickly said and prayed that no one heard what the Count had said to her. 

He could sense Misty's pain and he replied with a smile. "No one shall bother you again, if they do, they will contend with me and I promise you this," he paused to hold the sides of her face and gently kissed Misty on her lips. "The outcome will not be in their favor," he added and had to hold Misty up.

Her legs gave way and Misty didn't hear a single word he said. His lips touched hers and Misty came close to fainting. "Oh wow, that was cool!" she panted and gasped for air. "You can feel free to do that anytime you want!" Misty said as her body pressed to his and she felt him growing against her stomach. "Mmmm, I can feel you growing against little tummy!" she panted to him with a weak smile and her body trembled with desire. 

He just smiled, caressed the hair from her face and he replied. "That you do, my dear Misty. You have very quickly captured my heart and awaked things that I had all but forgotten about," he smiled and his hands slid completely under her small skirt and he slowly caressed.

She bit her lower lip and replied with a tiny smile and dreamy eyes. "I'm glad I could help." Misty whispered the last word as she stood on her toes and she lightly bit his lower lip. "If there's anything else I can do for you," she stopped, panted in his mouth, sharing each others' warm and excited breath, before she went on. "Just tell me." Misty panted heavier than before as he pushed her tiny body into his growing cock and his big hands roamed all over her tiny butt. 

"I know you will my sweet. You are a precious flower that has been nurtured and pampered, awaiting the day to be picked and enjoyed," he said as he lifted her up to his lips and they kissed. This wasn't their little 'cheek pecking', this was tongues flying and spit going all over the place. 

She looked at him and her body was melting into his. It was as if she was going inside him and him in her. "I could have never dreamt that anything could be this good." Misty whispered and she could feel wetness oozing from her panties and running down her thighs. His sweet words ran through her mind again and she felt like he complete control over her. "If I am your flower, will you pick and enjoy...me?" Misty asked with a low, helpless voice and she started to grind her body against his.

His hands stopped and he hugged Misty. "Oh yes, my sweet Misty! I have been awaiting this magical night for a long time and to pick my tender flower, named Misty" he whispered as hands slid back under Misty's skirt and on her butt. 

"Ahhh," she moaned and Misty was helpless. She was a big bowel of jell-o and all his. "Please pick my flower...my insides are on fire and it feels like I'm going to explode!" she moaned again and her hips moved more, rubbing her sweet juices all over the front of him. 

"Yes, my young queen, Misty! I shall awaken your body and free your mind of this meaningless world of the living," he panted and his mouth moved to her tender neck. He opened wide and covered the right side, but it would be much better if he waited.

He took Misty by the hand, and led her from the dance floor and back outside, towards the lake. He could feel her heart pounding and hear Misty's young, hot blood starting to boil in her veins.

Misty felt his mouth on her neck and she felt two very sharp objects touch her. 'Oh God, I'm about to get laid by a guy I don't know, he's trying to play 'Dracula' with me and his cock is almost a freaking foot long! I love it!' she screamed to herself as the Count pulled her along like his puppet and Misty loved it. "I've never done anything before. You'll have to be gentle with me," she said with fear in her voice and he stopped, turned and whispered to her. 

"My dear, sweet Misty, I could never hurt you in anyway. You are a queen in my eyes and in a few moments, I plan on taking you as my lover," he whispered to her, he leaned to her neck again and lightly kissed it. He could not wait to enjoy his young prize and show her a new world.

They started back to the spot they met and once there, Misty sat down on her knees in front of him. "May I do something for you, Master?" she purred and pulled down the zipper on his pants. "I've been practicing for the last four years and I hope you enjoy me." Misty panted, reached in and pulled out his cock. "Oh, sweet Jesus! You're a freaking monster!" she giggled as he filled her young eyes. 

He just smiled and stood there watching the shocked look on her gorgeous face. "Do not worry. I have a good feeling that we were made for each other and once we become one," he stopped to grab Misty's soft hair and pushed his hips forward. "This world...will be ours for the taking!" he growled and started pushing his cock into her tender, but very willing mouth and her soft, helpless moaning, made him grow more. 

'Oh fuck, oh God! I'm doing it, I'm sucking my first cock and it is gorgeous!' she thought as her mouth stretched wide and he gently pushed in. "Mmmm, ahhhh, ohhhh God yes!" she moaned as his cock pulled from her mouth for two seconds and he gently pushed back in. She sucked him hard and a funny thing came to mind, his cock should have been very hot, but it was like sucking on an ice cube. "You're so cold," she moaned as he pulled from her mouth, grabbed a big handful of her hair and pulled Misty towards a big rock.

"Now I can sit and watch while you pleasure my manhood," He moaned and jerked Misty up to his face. "I like it slow and easy. I enjoy hearing a young girl talking dirty, while she strokes me with a wet and soft hand." He moaned and leaned to her neck again, sucking it hard and letting her know what was coming. 

"You don't fuck around, do you? Just tell a little whore like me how to fuck you and get right to a good face-fuck." Misty said and she loved the way he said, 'a wet and soft hand' and the way he was sucking on her neck. It was as if he was getting her ready for something. 

"Oh yes, it's been a very long time since I've been pleasured by someone like you," he moaned and squeezed her young, helpless body to his, enjoying her warmth and her excitement. 

She was a rag doll in his powerful arms and his slave. "I've never been with anyone or even seen a man's cock, until now. I'll make you feel so good; you won't want to leave me." Misty purred to him and she wanted his cock again. 

"I already feel that way about you and I need you my sweet! Please pleasure me with your mouth. I can not wait any longer; you have awakened things in me that have been dead for ten lifetimes." 

She heard him and it excited her to hear his words. "Yes master, I will pleasure you now!" Misty moaned to him and he let her slide down his body, until she was sitting and he sat on the massive, flat rock. She let a big, thick stand of saliva drip into her tiny hands and Misty reached out to the Count. 

"Oh fuck! You're so mother, fucking hard!" Misty panted as she held his thick, pulsing shaft. "I want you to fuck me soon, Count!" she said as her hands moved up and down his thick and very cold cock, wishing that he was a vampire. "My little pussy is burning for a man and I want you to be that man." Misty whispered as she leaned up and grazed her excited lips over his stiffened manliness. "Would you like being the first guy up my tight, virgin pussy?" she leaned to him again, but this time, her lips started kissing the Count's large, cold cock. "Huh? Would you like to push that big thing up my tiny, tiny hole and fuck me?"

He watched and enjoyed Misty. He truly could not remember any lover he had, being as good as Misty was. "Oh my sweet, sweet Queen. The moon is close to full and our time is nearing," he said, gently caressing her young body. "And yes, I want to be the first man in your wonderful body and I will drink from you, as we become one!" He moaned when her mouth went over his cock-head and Misty started sucking him. 

She got up on her knees and Misty opened her mouth. She took him with ease and her hands kept stroking his cool shaft. She sucked the head, while her tongue teased the very tip of it. Her hands never stopped once and Misty made sure to keep them nice and wet, the way her new Master liked them. 

"You're so good at roll-playing. How did you get to be so good at it?" she asked and her hands kept moving up and down his cold cock, but Misty thought it was exciting. 
