 I still can't recall if she was the girl I went there to meet, or if I met her later at the bar, but I remember how she looked. She was pale with long blonde hair, small tits, and a slender frame. I'm not sure what we talked about, but after a few drinks it was clear she wanted to have some fun.

I tried to kiss her in the back of the cab, but she covered my mouth, grinned, and put a hand down the front of my jeans.

"Mmmmh," I moaned into her palm as she fingered me, her hand moving in my panties while mine explored her bare midriff. I turned my head and looked at the cab driver, breathing heavily across her knuckles while he spied on us through the rear-view mirror.

He chuckled, shaking his head while the blonde girl hooked two fingers into my pussy, lubricating my clit with my juices.

"Mmm yeah, you like when I put my penis inside you?" she cooed, teasing the opening of my vagina with her fingertips before pushing them into me, rubbing her slick palm against my sex as she drew them back. I nodded, smelling her thick perfume and squeezing her butt.

She chewed her lower lip and smiled seductively, her hand moving from my mouth down to my breast.

"Mmm, I can tell this is gonna be a great night," she said, groping me through the fabric of my shirt while she fucked me. I leaned in for a kiss and she leaned back holding me at a distance. "None of that until we get to my place," she said.

I smirked, still not sure what kind of game she was playing.

"Ahhh," I sighed, rocking my hips. She hadn't been fingering me long but I was about to cum, and I was too drunk to care if the cab driver saw my o-face.

"I'll tell you what," she said pulling her hand out of my underwear just as I was about to finish, trailing pussy slime across my stomach. She lifted up my shirt exposing my nipples. She squeezed my tits and pushed her wet fingers between my lips. "I can think of one other way you can use that mouth of yours." I sucked her slimy digits, giggling drunkenly, feeling the fabric of my panties stick to my cunt as I ate my own juices.

I turned to see the cab driver staring at my boobs while she unzipped her pants and shimmied out of them.

"Are you for real?" I asked, laughing, watching her lay back on the seat, spreading her knees. Her legs were bare from her ankles up, her womanhood concealed behind a red thong with a few golden pubic hairs poking up above her bikini line.

"As real as your hottest pussy eating fantasy," she answered, her hand going between her thighs, her fingers slipping under the elastic of her underwear, appearing to curl into her vagina and slide out again. I glanced back at the cab driver, seeing his eyes flit back and forth between us and the road. My heart raced. I could easily have covered my naked tits, but part of me wanted to be seen.

I leaned in and pressed my face into her crotch. I could feel myself swaying every time the cab took a turn. I held onto her tightly as I breathed in her aroma, smelling only perfume and groin sweat, my elbows shaking nervously as I hugged her pelvis.

"Mmm," I hummed, inhaling her flowery scent while she ran her fingers through my hair. She pulled her panties to one side, revealing pink labia, already moist with her arousal.

"Ahh," she gasped as I kissed her pussy, tonguing the flesh between her wrinkled minora, feeling her clitoris engorge between my lips. "Ooh Katey baby," she sighed, her chest heaving, her hips twisting up and down and side to side, smearing her juices across my chin and cheeks while her nails dug into my scalp. "Oooh yes!" she cried out, her voice shrill in the confined space.

"Oooh, are we turning you on yet?" she moaned, addressing the driver, her thighs shaking as I licked the opening of her vagina, her thin blonde bush tickling the tip of my nose. Pussy slime flowed abundantly into my mouth, covering my tongue and palette. Her cunt was so juicy I had to swallow near-mouthfuls of the stuff to keep it from drooling down her ass crack. Weirdly it didn't taste like anything.

"Ohhh, you're making me so wet!" she squeaked as I held her by the hips and sucked her throbbing clitoris, feeling my arousal soak into the crotch of my jeans while I devoured hers. "Ooh, sir I hope you didn't take that long route because I'm ... about to ..." I looked up and saw her face, droplets of sweat sparkling on her forehead as street lights shone through the windows, her mouth open in a silent wail, her legs trembling around my ears.

Her body shook but no noise escaped her lips as she came on my face, shutting her eyes and blushing, her nipples visibly erect through her shirt while she laid back in sheer ecstasy. She was still reclined across the seat with my head between her legs when the cab came to a halt.

"All right, I hate to tell you to stop but, this is it," the driver said as I sucked on her clitoral hood.

I sat up and pulled my shirt down, getting out of the cab while my future one night stand wrestled with her pants in the back seat. She emerged from the car, still blushing, and began digging crumpled bills out of her pocket to pay the man. Meanwhile, I took a look around.

There was a hotel, but after noticing the boarded up doors and windows and the empty parking lot outside it became obvious we weren't staying there.

"Bye bye, hope you had a good boner," she said to the driver, giggling at something he said as he rolled up the window and drove away.

Despite a strip mall where people could be seen going about their business, and a gas station that lit up the whole block, it felt desolate, ominous. I watched my date curiously under the neon glow of signage, her sexy body and white blonde hair enchanting me. I could smell her thick perfume still clinging to my skin, and feel my lips burn from eating her out.

She smiled and took me by the hand, leading me down the road. We walked for what felt like a long time with moments where I got lost staring at her butt. At times I would look up, not knowing where we were or how much time had passed. I don't even remember leaving the sidewalk for the narrow dirt path through the woods. The click of a flashlight awoke me from my trance. It was cold and dark, and I could barely see the city lights beyond the trees.

"Where are we going?" I asked, shivering. Something in the back of my mind was nagging at me, telling me to turn around, but I ignored it.

"It's just a little further," she said, leading the way as we trekked upward. Had I been in my right mind I never would have gotten so far from town with a stranger, even one so beautiful.

"I want to go back ..." I remember saying, or at least mouthing the words, or ... perhaps just thinking them. I remember trying to say her name and realizing that I didn't know it.

The next thing I remember we were naked together. I could see her whole pale body before me under soft white light. The walls and floor were dark, featureless and distant. Her breasts were small, her nipples perky and pink. Her hair seemed to cascade, weightless around her shoulders as she hung in the air smiling pleasantly. She floated toward me as if suspended in liquid.

"Now it's time for kisses," she said pressing her lips to mine as she embraced me, my breasts squishing against hers, our pubic hair tangling together as our groins touched. Her tongue slid into my mouth and her exhalations tickled my cheek as we made out passionately.

My memory lapses again, and suddenly I was walking along the side of the road, shivering, my clothes and hair wet with some greasy substance.

Luckily someone found me and offered a ride home. Apparently I'd gone nearly a mile in the wrong direction. The driver remarked that I smelled like low tide at the beach and probably assumed I'd tried to drown myself. Still confused, I said nothing about my strange night.

When I reached my apartment I peeled all of my clothes off and climbed into the shower, eagerly rinsing the gray goo from my skin.

"Just what the fuck happened?" I asked myself. The whole evening was like a scattered mess in my mind. I dried myself and slipped into bed totally nude, drifting off to sleep only moments later.

When I awoke my thighs were drenched. Curiously, I reached between my legs and felt around. My vagina was open and slick with my juices. I touched my erect clit once, and suddenly I couldn't stop. I spread my legs wide and masturbated, tearing at the sheets, my hips bucking as I went knuckles deep, fingering my pussy.

Normally when I had a special lady over or when I was enjoying myself in other ways I would at least try to be somewhat quiet. The walls were thin and not well insulated, and I could frequently make out the conversations of my neighbors. That morning I didn't even care.

I was so horny and so overwhelmed by the pleasure I was giving myself that I shouted, red-faced, my voice quavering as I stroked my drooling cunt.

"Ahhh ahhhhhh! Oh shit!" I cried out, my knees and breasts shaking as I arched my back with three fingers curled inside. I came within moments, my spine contorted, my clit rock hard against my wet palm. A series of loud knocks came from the other side of the wall, but I kept touching myself, blushing with shame as I orgasmed.

"Ahhh ohhh, I'm sorry!" I called out, "I'm, ahhh ahhh, almost done, I think!" I thrashed and gasped as the feeling gripped me, spreading my arousal all over my groin.

After what felt like nearly two minutes I finally felt the sensations begin to slow, my clitoris throbbing between two fingers, my bush damp, and my body moist with sweat. Warm liquid began to spread beneath me, squirting from between my legs against my palm and inner thighs.

I knew I was peeing but I didn't want the feeling to end, so I let it flow as I fingered myself, sitting in a puddle of my own piss while I climaxed.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhhh," I sighed, euphoric, the after effect of such a fulfilling release almost paralyzing me.

After some minutes I got up and got in the shower. While I was drying off I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror and stopped for a moment to admire my body. It wasn't an unusual thing for me to do, but I spent a little more time than I normally did looking at my naked self. I'm not sure if it's because I'm gay or just good looking but I've always been pleased by my appearance.

"Hey girl," I said, gazing at the gap between my legs, then staring at my round breasts, my eyes following the contours of my stomach to the sparse, lion's mane of hair covering my pussy. "You sure got it going on, bitch yeah I'll go back to your place, just so long as you don't live somewhere creepy out in the woods."

Thoughts of the previous night mingled with fantasies of going down on myself and I felt my juices begin to flow again.

"Christ," I swore as it started trickling down my leg. I reached down and gathered the slimy stuff that was moistening my labia, feeling my clit bulge against my hand as I groped about. "Ohh wow," I said to myself, "I just masturbated." I put my fingers in my mouth and tasted my stuff. Normally I'm a little bitter tasting, that day my vagina had no flavor at all.

My cunt drooled all morning. While I was dressing, while I was driving to work, and while I was at work ... I went through two pairs of panties during the first three hours, and while I was in the bathroom cleaning myself off I made the mistake of brushing up against my clit with my finger. Pretty soon I was gasping on the toilet, sweat on my brow, my underwear around my ankles and my knees quivering.

Luckily I had more self-control than earlier and didn't scream or announce how intensely I was cumming. I was a little flushed in the cheeks when I returned to work, but it wasn't too noticeable.

Later that day I sat staring at my lunch while Danielle, a friend of mine, sat across from me and talked.

"You going to eat that?" she asked after about ten minutes of me just poking at it.

"Maybe," I answered, standing up, my crotch and inner thighs juicier than ever. "I'm going to the bathroom," I said.

When I got there I put my feet up on the stall door and masturbated as I waited for my break to end. I came three times, then looked into my purse at the last pair of underwear I had, my pussy still dripping wet. I closed it, deciding to go commando in my tube dress and hoping to god my co-workers couldn't smell how horny I was.

Everything was going fine until I ran into Brad. I was coming back from running some files to another floor when he squeezed past me in a narrow walkway, his chest brushing against mine. I'm pretty sure it was an accident, but that minor touch was all it took to let loose a flood of goo from between my legs. I rushed to my seat, blushing and avoiding gazes, feeling the warm trickle reach the inside of my knee before I sat down.

I pulled out several wads of tissue and scooted close to my desk so no-one could see me dab at the wet skin under my skirt.

"Hey Kate," Brad said, startling me, just as I was reaching for my garbage tin to dispose of the tissues. I forced a grin, certain that my cheeks were still red. He looked at me and I looked at him, expecting him to say something.

"Is there something you needed?" I asked. He stood there saying nothing, his grin slowly widening.

"Fuck," I thought, "he can definitely smell me, this is so embarrassing."

"Uhh, yeah," he answered at last. "Say, Kate, would you like to get some coffee after work?" I looked down at the trash bin, half-full of wadded up tissues. I looked up at Brad.

"Your place, right now," I whispered. I don't know what I was thinking. I'd never even been with a man, but I needed someone, in ways I couldn't even understand. It was a twenty minute drive to his apartment complex and I was squirming in the passenger seat the whole way.

I was on him the moment we were in his room, my lips against his, my tongue touching the roof of his mouth while I tugged at his belt hoop. He pulled his arms through his sleeves and tossed his button up undershirt onto the floor.

"Mmmhm," he sighed, his masculine torso pressed against me as his hands explored my body through the thin fabric. He squeezed both of my butt cheeks firmly as he kissed me, and I could feel the bulge in his pants grow while he pulled me toward the bed.

The sight of his penis springing from his waistband, made my heart race. I hadn't been so nervous about sex since I first started dating my best friend in college.

"Okay, this is really happening," I thought, understanding only that I needed Brad's dick inside of me and that maybe he should enjoy it as well. I reached down and stroked it, trying not to squeeze too hard, lifting the front of my dress and letting its head rub against my naked labia as I got close to him.

I felt his fingers curl under the hem of my outfit. He lifted it up exposing my ass as I coated his cock with my juices, riding the top of his shaft, wanting it in me with a strange sense of urgency.

"I'm not wearing anything under this," I whispered as he kissed my neck. He stepped back and pulled the dress over my head. He stared at my naked body, beaming broadly. I got close again, blushing as his gaze followed my bare tits.

I shoved him onto the bed, then climbed up over him, not even bothering to remove my shoes. While I was crawling between his legs to get into position he took me by the ears, holding my face above his lap.

I looked up at him, my juices trickling into my bush as Brad held my head in place above his throbbing erection. I caressed his thighs, and touched my lips to the shaft of his penis, my eyes pleading, I really, really, didn't want to suck his dick.

He stared across his bare chest at me, gently thrusting, rubbing his junk against my face until finally I stuck out my tongue, experimentally tasting the salty skin along the underside of his member.

He reached down and gripped its base, holding me close to his balls with his other hand. I breathed in the scent of his crotch, my nostrils flaring from the odor as I licked his cock in apprehension. Then he slapped me with it. It startled me the first time, making me flinch. I smiled up at him and laughed, blushing from shame as he abused me.

I giggled playfully while he clubbed me in the nose over and over, finally spreading my lips just so he'd stop hitting me with his dick. At last he pushed it into my mouth, pressing its tip against the inside of my cheek. I wrapped my fingers around its shaft and stroked it, seeing him nod in approval as I slobbered along its length.

"Ohh Kate, yes ... ohh that's hot," he sighed, his penis bulging against my tongue as my head bobbed up and down. I stared nervously at his groin while he brushed my hair away from my eyes and watched me perform. His pelvis rocked and his erection got even firmer in my mouth as I coated him with my saliva.

"Ohh yeah, deeper," he said breathily, tugging on my head, his palms sweating against my earlobes, his precum making my spit thick and salty.

"Nnnggkh!" I gagged as the tip of him bumped into the back of my throat. I looked up at Brad, my eyes watering, slimy drool dribbling down his cock as I slurped to contain it all.

"Yeah, that's it suck it," he shuddered, veins bulging along his wet erection as it slid into my mouth. I clawed at the bed sheets watching him get off, feeling used. Then his thrusts slowed and he laid his head back.

"Hooh, I'm starting to feel kind of spent, he panted. "I was ready to give you a real pounding Kate, and I'm already feeling worn out." He rocked his hips gently, holding my head in place with his manhood between my lips, his arousal oozing across my tongue. "I don't know what's wrong with me."

He released me and I lifted my face from his groin at last, ready to fuck, feeling his hands go to my breasts as I wiped my mouth with the back of my wrist. Without even thinking I crawled on top of him, reaching between my legs and guiding his cock to my hole.

"Ahh," I sighed as my pussy spread around the fat head of his erection, shuddering as his length filled me. He groped me weakly while I mounted him, moving almost like he was in a daze. He grinned like a child, pinching my nipples and squeezing my tits, and I bounced up and down in his lap, moaning loudly.

"Ahhh ahhhh ahhhhh! Ohhh yes! ohhh yes!" I called out, my skin prickling, my face and chest hot with shame as I took him. He stared up at me while I rode his dick, his arms extended to touch my naked body, stroking my ribs and petting my thighs, watching my bush rise and fall against him.

"Ohh! Your cock feels so good!" I announced as I brought my pussy down around his girthy manhood. I wasn't even touching my clit and I could already tell I was going to cum. Just having Brad's penis slide in and out of me was giving me the most satisfying chills. "Oooh, it's so hard!" I cried.

"I could get pregnant from this," I thought as the bed creaked and our groins collided wetly. "I'm not even on the pill," I tried to will myself off of him but failed, leaning forward, my fingernails digging into Brad's chest, my feet sweating in my socks while I fucked him hungrily.

"Ooooh yes ooooh yes!" I moaned, my face muscles taut as I drove his dick deeply into myself with my hips, feeling his balls touch my labia each time I took him, covering his crotch with my slime. His hands slid off of me and landed at his sides. I gritted my teeth, bracing for an intense orgasm while he laid still between my legs, staring at my bouncing tits, his chest moist against my palms.

"Ohhh ... ohhh, here it comes," I squealed, my muscles tightening as it crawled up from my groin, taking my breath away and making my limbs curl inward. While I was twitching on top of him, my mouth agape, paralyzed with pleasure, millions of tiny red tendrils erupted from my cunt, spreading out like a web across Brad's unmoving body.
