 The whispering in her ear was certainly subliminal. On this warm moon lit night, maybe it was the breeze that pushed past the curtains of her open bedroom window that circled in her ear that seemed to form some eerie voice in her head. She was deep asleep and the soft silk of her red see through lingerie caressed her skin as she would roll into a new position.

Lying on her side, her large perfectly shaped breasts would rest one on the other causing a deep crevice between them like folds in a mountain. Her long curvy legs were closed and half way bent into a semi fetal position one resting behind the other. Her thin laced panties hidden accept for the V that covered her finely trimmed area. Her long hands laid gently on the pillow as if on display for some hand lotion ad found in a magazine. Her face was still and although she was deep asleep, it presented itself as if she was simply resting; soft and smoothly sculpted.

The strong warm breeze continued though the window rolling open the curtains and at times would slightly lift the silky robe of her nightwear. Again, the waft of air flowed across her ear and this time the voice was more pronounced.

"Come to me." In a long deep whisper.

She eyes flew open and she suddenly shot up from her sleep resting on one hand.

"What? Whose...." She called out as she peered into the dimly lit room. 

She quickly realized she must have been dreaming and fell gently back down onto her pillows. She took in a big sigh and lied there for a few moments feeling the stiff breeze as it flowed over her body. It felt warm and inviting as it pushed her hair from her face. She rolled to look out the window with a small satisfied grin and her face while she enjoyed the feel of the flurry upon her. She lifted her eyes and saw the full bright moon hide then reappear from behind thin clouds that seemed to be racing past it. 

The breeze was comforting and her eyes grew heavy once more as she fell back to sleep. The breeze seemed to escalate enough to gust into her room and blow hard across her body. It felt as if it were made for her. The wind seemed to curl around her, running under her gown and like a million tiny fingers, softly massaged at her skin. She took in a deep breath and seemed to slightly wriggle with the puffs of air upon her.

"Come to meeeeee!" The voice whispered a bit louder.

"Mmmm" she mumbled. "Whose there?" she said softly, her eyes still closed talking in her sleep.

"I want you to come to me." the darkness whispered out to her.

The wind becoming more forceful, blew harder into her room. Still asleep, the gusts lifted her hands from her sides as if guiding her to sit up. Following their lead, she slowly lifted herself to a seated position in bed. The wind whipping through the window, caused her curtains to start flapping like a flag in a storm. Again the gusts seemed to guide her and she was now standing on her feet. The breeze continued to softly caress at her body and tingles began to flow through her causing tiny little bumps on her skin. The robe of her lingerie that draped over her shoulders was blowing up and mixing with her long dark wavy hair that was lifted by the wind.

Her eyes began to open but the breeze that was so gentle and comforting on her skin, kept her mind asleep. 

"Mmmm" she uttered softly placing the tip of a her finger in her mouth as if she were flirting with someone across the room. A smile stretched across her face and the moonlight reflected off her perfectly aligned white teeth. She let her head fall back to allow the wind to overcome her as her mouth closed from a smile to an O shaped look of arousal. She lowered her head back down and her eyes went half closed into a look of seduction inviting the breeze to take her. Her hands began to run over her body, up along the inside of her thighs, along her flat thin belly and up around her large firm breasts. She pressed them together causing a long line of cleavage that seemed to run the length of her torso. She gave them a squeeze then lifted her hands to her hair combing her fingers through them.

The wind pushed at her back and she began walking across her bedroom floor to the open door. She continued to walk down her hallway and turned at the railing leading down the stairs. The wind continued at her back pushing and massaging her. The more she walked, the more aroused she became. The breezes kept her asleep and in a dream like state, she stepped off the landing and walked slowly towards the front door of the house. 

She did not have to reach for the doorknob as the door slowly opened before her. The wind at her back shifted and was now blowing in from the front door blowing her hair back like a model facing a high speed fan. With the robe of her lingerie blowing back like a cape, she walked to the threshold of the doorway and stopped to seductively stare out passed the moonlit lawn of the yard and into the darkness of the woods. She lifted one hand to comb the hair that was feverishly blowing in her face.

Still asleep but her eyes open to guide her; she could hear the voice again call out to her.

"Come to meeeeeee". It whispered, this time more pronounced and with better clarity as if the voice were coming from right in front of her.

Again she mumbled "Mmmmm, Yeeessss."

Without taking her eyes from the woods, she stepped down from the doorway and onto her porch. She could feel the concrete on her bare feet which then became grass as she stepped one by one towards the woods.

"Yeeeesss. Come to meeeeee". The whisper called out. The wind blowing at her seemed to lasso around her body drawing it towards the woods. Her eyes peeled on the forest of trees, she continued towards them. Her body tingled and she could begin to feel herself moisten between her legs.

"Yes....Im coming to you." she called out in a hard whisper her mind still asleep.

She could feel the warmth of the forest as she stepped closer and closer. She stopped at the very edge and looked into the darkness of the woods. The wind at a crescendo was now blowing at its hardest like a small hurricane. She reached with her hands and slowly slid the short tiny robe of her nightwear back over her shoulders. The robe fell away from her revealing the two slim bands resting on her shoulders that held up her see through top. The robe was immediately whisked away into the night by the wind before it even hit the ground.

Her chest was heaving as she looked into the woods and took her first step into them. She walked deeper and deeper into the dim shadows of sticks that formed on the forest floor as the moon reflected through the trees. The wind blowing the tops so severely, she could hear the wind whistle as it cut through the leaves. 

Further she stepped then suddenly stopped as she could hear the commotion of something deeper in the woods rustle through the dead crisp leaves that have fallen and dried on the forest floor.

She looked over in the area of the noise but could not make it out. Again she hears the rustling of the leaves but now it is coming from behind her and a bit closer. She spins fast to face the sound.

She could feel the fear build a bit inside her but her arousal is overwhelming and she invites it to take over her.

"I am here. I have come to you." she calls out into the night as her hands rub up and down her torso.

She is started by the sound of the leaves again. This time they are in a completely different area, and again, they are closer and she snaps around to peer in the area.

She can feel the wetness between her legs begin to escalate and her panties were soaked in anticipation. The wind blew across her body and picked up her scent from her panties and wafted it towards whatever beast was lurking. She looked out toward the noise when she suddenly heard a deep menacing growl.

"GRRRRRR". 

She gasped in a gulp of air and swallowed.

"Whose there? Come to me. I know you want me." She speaks out.

Again she heard the growl come from behind her and again it was closer. She quickly spun around and squinting, could now make out the silhouette of a monstrous beast not far off moving along the ground circling her as if hunting its prey.

Her mouth instantly dried as if it were filled with cotton. Her body began to shake and tremble not sure if she were so excited or so afraid, not realizing her mind was still asleep. The wind that was like a hurricane began to slow and by now was almost still which allowed her to now hear the breathing of the beast as it started towards her. With her thumb running up and down the strap of her gown that ran over her shoulder, she stared into the glowing eyes of a beast that was slowly stepping towards her.

She gazed into its eyes as the monster got bigger and bigger the closer it approached. She took slow steps back as the beast closed in. She wanted to run, but its gaze was paralyzing. She wanted it to ravish her but her fear was confusing. 

She continued stepping back as the beast was now upon her. It rose up onto its hind legs and it towered over her. Its back hooves dug into the dirt beneath it. Her panting breath was causing her chest to heave and her breasts were calling to it. Her nipples began to erect and pierce through her lingerie while the juices in her panties began to leak out from the band that wrapped around her thighs.

The beast was hideous. Its snout was long and dark, its black fur was short and tight to its body. It had three claws at the end of each powerful muscular arm that seemed as if they could rip a car in half. Its ears were long and black and its huge frame camouflaged in the darkness. Its eyes were red and like some gross glow in the dark toy, peered right into her soul.

Between the monsters legs hung a long thick appendage.

Her fear quickly overwhelmed her and she found enough strength to turn and run. Her arms dropped to her side and after just two steps, the beast was on her like a cat. He jumped on top of her and she landed hard to the ground on her stomach. Quickly, the beast wrapped a monstrous paw around her waste and flipped her onto her back like a rag doll. Her lingerie now dirty was shifted exposing one of her breasts under the heavy panting of the beast. Before she could try and escape, its claw swatted across her chest instantly ripping her nightwear from her torso as its long claws scraped across her breasts scratching three lines. The lines began to swell and welt, one crossed directly over her right nipple. A sharp sting of pain shot from her breasts as the sting was intense. 

The monster then spread his huge filthy paw across her chest dirtying her breasts. As the paw held her down in place, its other paw reach down between her flailing legs and ripped her panties from her as if they weren't even attached. One of the bands from her panties cut across the inside of her left thigh and created a welt there also. The beast worked his huge lower body over her legs and shifted spreading them apart. Her long legs were suddenly up and spread open under this fiend.

The scent of her wet pussy rose up and was taken in by the beast. Like a drug, it took in a huge breathe and became more aroused. While held under the creature, she could begin to feel something swell beneath her attacker. 

"Oh God!!" She yelled out. 

She could feel her fear give way back to the arousal that was now washing over her. The pain on her chest was now turning into unbridled passion and pleasure. She looked up into the eyes of this hideous beast above her.

"Take Me!! Take me you beast!!" she yelled out to it as she ran her hands along the back of its powerful muscular arms. 

She could feel its muscles bulge as it held itself above her. It lowered its snout down towards her and as it dropped its long slimy tongue between her breasts; its drool ran between them and flowed around her neck like a necklace. Its heaving breathe smelled horrible but somehow, added to the allure of being taken hard by such a monster.

She suddenly felt what seemed to be a huge slab of long thick meat lay up and down across her stomach. She could tell it was engorged and could feel it throbbing as it rested on her. He peered down at her body and saw the dirt from its paw on her breasts, and with her bare back pressed firmly to the filth of the forest floor, she began to feel dirty. She found this to excite her even further and she succumbs to being this beast's filthy whore.

"Yes, take me, take me hard you beast!" she yelled out to it as its panting breath passed over her face. 

The beast then lowers itself down towards her legs. She watches as its eyes stay fixed upon hers. He dragged his long thick tongue down over her breasts and towards her flat recessed belly. He hovered over her stomach circling her naval with its hot slimy tongue. She found herself lifting her hips up towards her beast. Before she could do or say anything else, she could feel its hot tongue press against her clit. Her back fully arched distending her huge firm, dirty breasts up and out towards the night sky.

"OHHHH GOD!!!!!" she screamed out as she felt it's hot breathe streaming over her hot flowing pussy. 

She lied there moaning and squirming as her beast pressed and sucked at her love button. Just as she was about to climax, she could feel its tongue lower and press firmly against her opening. 

"YES!!! YEEES!!!" She screamed.

As it was about to slide its tongue deep inside her, its paws wrapped around her hips and she was violently lifted into the air. The beast pulled her pussy hard towards its snout and its tongue slid hard and fast splitting open her love canal.

Like a sandwich, the beasts held her in the air as she hung inverted and helpless by the monsters grasp. Her breasts fell towards her chin and her arms hung to the ground as the beast slid its thick hot tongue in and out of her pussy. It pulled her hips towards its snout as it thrusted forward giving her the sense of being tongue fucked hard and frantically. 

The beast then opened its snout further and further to allow its slimy tongue to extend deeper and deeper into her wet hole. Deeper it went until she could feel the ticking of its tongue tip pressing up against her cervix. Her hole opened wider and wider as the base of its tongue got thicker as it deepened inside her.

Hanging inverted, her head filled with blood sending her impending orgasm into the stratosphere. 

"OH MY GOOOODDDDD" "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

The now quiet still night filled with the sounds of a women being pleasured beyond any women's wildest dreams. Orgasm after orgasm, she continued to cum and climax to the site of the full moon dimly exposing her young firm body.

After what felt like a thousand orgasms, she could feel the beast's tongue pull out from her pussy as if it were a hundred feet long. She could feel every last millimeter pull from her as if it were buried to her chest.

The beast aggressively tossed her shaking trembling body to the ground. She fell hard and her breasts clapped together. She lied there quivering knowing that she was about to be taken hard by this beast. Only now, it would be by that huge throbbing appendage hanging from between its black hairy muscular legs.

Before she could compose herself, the beast was on her fast and hard. She could immediately feel its erect cock pressing against her pussy as if knocking on a door. She could sense the sexual urgency of her beast by its heavy panting above her. But this was a knock on a door that does not wait to be answered. 

Without hesitation, the beast thrusted forward hard and fast and she could feel herself instantly split wide open. For a moment, she felt as if this monster was going to split her body in two. It immediately began to thrust hard and fast at her pussy. She could feel its fur bang up against the skin of her thighs.

"OH MY GOOOOD!!!" "ITS SO HUUUUGE"!!! She yelled into the night.

The meat inside her was tremendous. She had never felt herself so completely opened up and filled with its length slamming up against her cervix with so much more to go. Her pussy lips stretched wide open to their max that any more would begin tearing at her. She doesn't care. 

"Let this monster fuck me till death. Rip me to shreds and leave my motionless body to lay here." She thought to herself.

Her beast began to feverishly pound at her body. Again, it opens a huge paw over her breasts and presses down on her to keep her body from recoiling from its powerful thrusting. This allowed the pounding to become even pronounced.

She could feel her breasts bounce across her chest with every slam of her body. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head as she began to climax again and again. Like waves in a storm, one after another they washed over her then subside, wash over her again then subside. Orgasm after intense, agonizing orgasm, she screamed into the darkness as the beast ravished her again and again. Its length and thickness so profound, she felt as if it was going to break right through her and protrude out of her throat. 

It suddenly took its paw from her chest and reached behind her head. It grabbed a full chuck of hair and started to pull her head arching her back. Without knowing it, her fingers were digging into the dirt as the orgasms grew even more intense as its fucking became more violent. It pulled her body by her hair towards its thrusts making the penetration seem even deeper and harder. She could barely take anymore.

Again the waves came one after another, faster and faster and with more intensity. The beast finally let go of her hair and slowed down its pounding. It was all she could do to catch her breath when the beast grabbed her shoulders with its massive paws and flipped her over onto her stomach effortlessly. 

She lied there breathing heavily and without any strength to move when she could feel the beast on her again. It spread it legs on each side of hers and then took her arms and pulled them behind her back and locked both wrists together with one firm grasp of a single paw just above her ass. 

Its huge cock began to poke around her pussy again. After finding her opening, it slid into her again. She let out a holler that sounded more like death than pleasure, but it certainly wasn't.

"OOOHHHHHHHHHH" "AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

The beast again to thrust itself deep into her pussy when with its hooves, pressed her knees together closing her up. This caused even further friction inside her already sore and beaten pussy.

The beast began thrusting fast and hard. It took its other paw and grabbed her hair again and pulled back on her head forcing her huge breasts to be pressed hard into the dirt as they became filthy. 

Holding her hands behind her and pulling her head back by her hair, the beast again began to fuck hard and pound on her frame and she lied face down in the dirt of the forest. Again the massive waves of orgasm started to ride over her. One after another, each orgasm robbed her of any strength she may have had left. 

The beast after what seemed to be an eternity began pounding faster and faster while its head rose up and back. It began to growl louder and soon became a loud deafening howl.

"AAHHH OOOOOOOOOOOOO!" The beast howled as it began to fill her with its huge amount of seed. 

She could feel its hot sticky cum filling her completely. She could feel it ooze out of her opening as there was not enough room for the beasts juices with its massive meat inside her, It pumped more and more cum deep inside her that would overflow and squirt to the forest floor with every thrust.

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"

Its pounding was incessant and her orgasms continued one after another until the beast finally emptied what felt like gallons of its beasthood inside her spent worthless body.

For a moment, the beast stayed motionless above her while staying inside her pussy. It let go of her hair and her head fell weak to the ground. It let go of her arms and they too, limped to her side and laid motionless. When the beast pulled out, again it seemed it was all the way to her chest. She let out one final moan as each inch was pulled from inside her. The beast rose up and stood above her. She lied on the ground face down body twitching and convulsing void of any strength whatsoever. Her body was dirty and covered in a shiny sheen of drool and cum that mirrored the light of the full moon. The only strength she had left was enough to push air in and out of her lungs to barely stay alive. 
