 Author's note – this isn't a typical story for me; it's a way of using sexual fantasy to explore the darkness that lies within everyone. I hope you enjoy the story for what it is, any constructive feedback is welcome.

* 

Susan spotted him as soon as he entered the club. He wasn't the best looking guy there but there was something about him that drew her eyes to his strong features. She knew why she came to the club tonight, she was looking someone to take her home and fuck her silly. She had gone too long, nearly four months, without a good fuck and was dying to get laid. That being said, she wasn't just going to grab the first guy that came along, it needed to feel right.

This was her third night at this bar and it was the first night she felt an attraction towards any of the guys. She flirted and danced with a number of guys each night but none of them created a stir in her most private areas. Watching her mystery man move through the club she could feel a stirring in her pussy she knew would get satisfied tonight. She continued to watch him move towards bar and he finally looked her way.

Susan's breath caught in her throat as the man's piercing green eyes took her in, she could feel him assess her, almost as if she was being weighed and measured. Normally a look like that would infuriate her, she was nobody's piece of meat, but tonight, with him, it thrilled her. She shifted in her seat under his gaze and realized her pussy was soaking. He held her gaze as he walked closer, images of a jungle cat slowly stalking his prey came to mind.

Susan tilted her head back slightly and smiled as he stopped less than a foot from her spot at the bar. He looked down, their eyes still locked together, and smiled. Susan felt weak and was thankful she was sitting, she felt a slight blush in her cheeks and finally released the breath she held since their eyes met.

"Hello, I'm Jeff. As soon as I saw you I knew I had to come over to meet you. Your eyes drew me in and I'm afraid if I let go of your gaze I may never find this wonderful connection I feel again." Jeff's voice was strong and commanding, Susan's mind raced with the things she wanted this man to do to her tonight. Her mind was made up and realized she didn't want to do the normal back and forth routine of the pick-up; she just wanted him to take her home, now.

"Hello, Jeff. I'm Susan. I'm not normally so bold but tonight I don't feel like going through the normal pick-up dance. So, unless you really need a drink, I suggest you offer to take me home." Susan was shocked at her words. She was no angel but she was far from a slut. Something about this man's eyes made her want to do anything to please him. That scared her a little but her throbbing cunt was overriding her reason at the moment.

"I was hoping you would say that. Susan, I find your beauty to be intoxicating enough, I have no need for alcohol. I was hoping you would allow me to escort you home." Jeff's smile brightened and Susan felt her heart melt. She normally would never bring a strange guy home, the few other times she picked-up a guy for the night they went to a hotel. Tonight she threw logic out the window and thought only of Jeff tearing her clothes off and taking her where she sat.

"I'm only a ten minute cab ride away. If we leave now, we can be nude in fifteen minutes." Susan turned red at her own forwardness; Jeff simply smiled and held her eyes. He gently took her hand, tossed twenty bucks on the bar to pay for her drink and lead her outside. Less than a minute later they were in a cab on the way to her place.

Neither of them said a word during the cab ride to Susan's apartment. Jeff held her gaze the entire time, creating a sexual tension unlike anything Susan ever felt. They exchanged light caresses in the cab, touching arms and legs, shoulder and neck, but never anything overtly sexual. Susan's pussy jumped with every light caress, her panties were glued to her soaked lips. The cab finally stopped outside Susan's building. Jeff tossed the cabbie a twenty to cover the twelve dollar ride.

Susan slid across the backseat and out of Jeff's door, fearing that if she broke the connection between their eyes, the magic moment would be lost. Susan fumbled with her keys, trying to unlock the front door while keeping her eyes on Jeff. Her keys slipped from her hand and dropped to the front step. Hesitantly she pulled her gaze away from Jeff and bent to retrieve her keys.

Having broken the connection Susan started to feel some trepidation over bringing Jeff here. As she stood her eyes found a significant bulge in Jeff's pants and one of her concerns were laid to rest. Any man this confident had to have a big dick, and it didn't look like she would be disappointed. Her other concerns disappeared again as she looked once more into his eyes. Jeff caressed her back as she tried again to unlock the door, his touch sent shivers down her spine and a tingle through her pussy.

Finally managing to open the front door, she pulled Jeff into the foyer and kissed him deeply. The connection between their eyes moved to their lips. Susan felt as if a live wire was connecting them, the electricity she felt in his kiss was beyond her wildest hopes. Breaking the kiss, Susan took a moment to recover and lead Jeff to the third floor of the building and into her apartment.

Jeff closed the door behind him and locked it for Susan. Her eyes stayed focused on Jeff, reveling in the intense feelings coming from his stare. Susan smiled as she reached behind her and unzipped her dress, letting it drop silently to the floor. Jeff's eyes left hers, yet she could feel his gaze taking in her body. She felt his eyes move down over her heaving breasts, her large nipples poking through the gaps in her lacy bra. She felt them stiffen and extend as he lingered on her breasts. The tingling sensation moved lower with his gaze until in focused in on her wet and throbbing cunt. Her trimmed bush and lips clearly visible through the sheer fabric of her panties.

Jeff stepped forward and pulled her into his arms. They kissed deeply as Susan let her hands wander down his body to her prize. She gripped his hard cock through the fabric of his pants, happy to feel the thickness in her hand. She quickly broke the kiss and dropped to her knees, glancing up into his strong eyes; she unfastened his belt and pants, then roughly pulled the pants and underwear down. Her eyes lit up at the magnificent sight before her. He wasn't overly long, maybe seven, seven and a half inches, but he was thick, her hand could not wrap around him.

Looking back at this man that had so totally enthralled her, she began to slowly stroke his beautiful cock. She stuck out her tongue and lightly licked the underside from ball to tip several times before engulfing as much of him as she could in her mouth. Despite her best efforts, and years of practice, his girth prevented her from taking all of him into her eager mouth. Susan sucked and licked Jeff's cock for several minutes until he pulled her to her feet.

Jeff looked deep in her eyes and kissed her fiercely. Susan responded to his urgent kiss with her own need and desire. Reaching behind her, Jeff effortlessly released her bra. Susan pulled back a little to let it drop to the floor. Jeff's hand found her glorious mounds and squeezed them gently at first, then with increasing desire, yet still taking the time to flick her nipples every few seconds. Susan felt the fire in her loins grow and pulled Jeff towards the loveseat in the living room.

Susan turned and bent over the back of the loveseat, presenting herself brazenly to Jeff. Jeff smiled and moved behind her. He quickly pulled her panties down and with no warning plunged his hard, thick cock into her soaking wet pussy. Susan screamed from the intrusion, first from pain, then from an intense orgasm. Jeff began to pump into her quickly and continued to pick up speed. Their mutual need for release was overriding any desire to explore and savor each other.

Jeff's thrusts became quicker and harder, reaching further into Susan's depths. Her second orgasm was quickly building and she knew Jeff wasn't far behind. Feeling her release near, Susan began to push back, meeting Jeff's thrust and spurring him on. After less than two minutes of this intense animalistic fucking, Jeff pushed deep into her and held her close. Susan felt his cock swell and her orgasm washed over her as the first shot of Jeff's cum shot deep into her satisfied pussy.

Jeff slumped forward onto Susan and placed tiny, gentle kisses on her back. Both were breathing heavy, satisfied for the moment, yet unwilling to separate. Susan felt Jeff's cock soften and eventually it slipped from her pussy. Lifting himself off Susan's back, Jeff pulled her up and into his embrace. They kissed deeply, enjoying the after glow of the wonderful sex they experienced. Suddenly Susan started to giggle.

"What's so funny?" Jeff asked, somewhere between amused and annoyed. Susan smiled, trying to contain herself. The absurdity of the moment had hit her. They hadn't said a word since they entered the apartment. She giggled softly into Jeff's chest, still hidden behind his shirt and looked down at his pants and underwear, still bunched around his ankles. Jeff looked down and started to laugh as well. "I guess we both needed that. I don't think I've ever felt so overwhelmed with desire before."

"Well, I suggest we get you out of those clothes and into a warm shower. After that, perhaps we can control our desires long enough to properly enjoy each other." Susan unbuttoned Jeff's shirt and exposed his strong chest, lightly covered with hair, just the way she liked it. Jeff tried to step out of his pants, but his shoes got in the way. This caused another round of laughter and Susan bent down to help Jeff out. She then realized her panties were sitting around her ankles, and her shoes were still on as well.

After finally removing their clothes Susan lead Jeff into the bathroom and started the shower. It was a standard shower/tub combo so there wasn't much room to play. They enjoyed to sensation of cleaning each other and by the time they left the shower and dried off, they were both ready for some more fun.

Falling onto Susan's bed in a tangle of arms and legs, they began to explore each others bodies. They eventually ended up in a delightful 69 position, Susan was on top and trying every trick she knew to take more of Jeff into her mouth. Jeff was paying lavish attention to her cunt and was creating sensations Susan had never experienced from oral sex before.

Despite her best efforts, Susan came before she could make Jeff cum. She wanted to taste him but he insisted there would be time for that later. Moving into a more traditional position, Jeff slid slowly into her slick cunt. Despite their early fuck, Susan still felt filled and stretched by Jeff's broad cock. Jeff made slow, passionate love to Susan for close to an hour. Susan lost tracks of her orgasms after the fifth one and was almost grateful when Jeff finally released his seed into her for the second time.

They cuddled close together, still on top of the sheets, and fell into a deep and peaceful sleep. As Susan drifted to sleep she marveled at her experience, never before had a man been able to satisfy her so thoroughly. She smiled, cuddled into Jeff's chest and fell to sleep.

Susan awoke in to morning when she felt a tug on her leg. Still feeling the effects of their fantastic lovemaking from the night before, she stretched and opened her eyes. She felt the resistance and saw the scarves around her wrists at the same time. Struggling wildly, she realized she was tied to the bed. She tried to scream but found it stifled in her throat when her eyes met Jeff's. They held the same sense of strength and command as last night but now they held something else she couldn't quite place. She did know it scared her to her very core.

"Jeff! What are you doing, untie me right now. Last night was great but this is beyond anything I want to do. I'll scream if you don't untie me. The walls in this old place aren't very sound proof, the neighbors will hear." Jeff simply smiled and shook his head. Susan's scream died once more in her throat.

"Let me explain something to you my sweet Susan. Last night satisfied part of me. I get a thrill from getting women to give me what I need willingly and shamelessly. We're moving into the second phase now. This is where I take what I want, whether you want to give it to me or not." Jeff smiled; in the harsh morning light Susan could see it never touched his eyes. This time the scream came, but that only made Jeff Laugh. "That's right my dear, scream for me. Scream for your lover."

 ------------------------------