 Being on an academic scholarship, there was no time to procrastinate. All the other girls were busy debating which party to crash or what lingerie to wear. Cat ears or bunny? Decisions, decisions. Amber rushed past them to the library, laptop and textbooks slung over her shoulder. Though it was Halloween, Professor Pembre still had a paper on 18th Century Romanticism due by Friday. She couldn't concentrate in her dorm. Her slob of a roommate waited until trash had grown legs before cleaning up after herself. Left little room for the creative process. 

As she entered the main hall, she saw it was sparser than normal. James, the library assistant, glanced as she walked in. He was busy filing books onto his cart but always noticed her. Amber set her stuff down. With only three hours before they closed, she needed to hunker down and begin on her outline. She popped in her earbuds and put herself to work.

Couple hours had passed and Amber stood up to stretch. She looked around at the empty chairs, realizing everyone had left. In such a massive space the silence was unsettling. She called out in the distance... "Hello? Anyone there?" But no response. She sat back down. As she scooted her chair closer to the table, a cold wind blew past her. Nervously, she looked around the room. Nothing. She quickly began putting her things away. Suddenly something pushed her back into her chair and she screamed out. No one was there but she could feel her arms and legs being restrained. Then a voice whispered in her ear, "I want you... and tonight I have you." Her mouth dropped in horror. The immense force was now on her legs. It pried her knees apart and she could feel the pressure moving down her thighs. She fought to keep her legs together but the presence was already moving up her skirt. Her panties were slid to the side and she could feel the cold air on her exposed pussy. She screamed as her pussy lips were spread open. Then a wet tongue bathed her vagina... up and down... slower then faster. Her cries subsided and couldn't seem to comprehend what was happening. Moans began escaping her as fingers slipped into her fat pussy. It sucked her clit and she pushed against its fingers with each thrust. Arms wrapped around her legs n pulled her ass towards the edge of the chair. It began lapping it's tongue over her asshole. Darting it tongue inside while massaging her clit. She could feel her pussy swelling... she was about to cum. She fucked its face, wrapping her legs around the invisible head.

And then it stopped. No restraints... nothing was there. She got up; juices were running down her legs. She looked around, confused. Then a voice from behind whispered, "Are you ready to see me?" She nodded profusely. No matter the hesitation she felt... she was overcome by need... lust. She turned slowly. This enormous man-beast stood before her. Horns protruded from his head and was covered in dark wild hair. His hands were large and fingers longer than a man with talons at the end. No feet but instead hooves held this 7-8 foot giant. She was only 5'2 so he towered over her. 

She couldn't speak. Her voice was caught in her throat. His hands moved to her blouse, ripping the shirt and bra open. Her nipples hardened. His hairy hands moved over her breasts. He fondled and massaged each, tugging at the nipples. One hand moved to her throat. The grip tightened and she bit her bottom lip as she let out a moan. He pushed her down on the table. She laid on her back with her breasts falling to each side, legs open, inviting him in. But he walked to the other side near her head, which was partly hanging off. There he pulled out his huge penis. Her eyes widened... Her fingers wrapped around his manhood and pulled it to her mouth. She licked, suckled at the head. Slowly she eased him in as far as she could down her throat. He began fucking her face and watched as her titties bounced with every movement. She bathed her fingers in her wet pussy and oiled his dick with her juices. She could taste her pussy on him. Her fingers moved under his balls, rubbing them as his dick hit the back of her throat. His pace fastened and he growled as he exploded in her mouth. 

He stopped and began to pull out but her arms wrapped around his legs, pushing him back into her mouth. She swallowed his cum and sucked out the tip. He pulled her up and ripped off her shirt and panties. Bending her over the table, long curls cascaded down her bare back. Her hands stretched out in front as she lay waiting. The beast pulled up her skirt and rubbed the head against her pussy. She whimpered as she pushed impatiently against him. Finally, he plunged every inch into her wet pussy. It was soaked from the wait. She moaned with each thrust. He grabbed her hair as he slid in and out. Her fingers stroked her clit feverishly... bouncing her ass faster against his dick. Her panting grew louder. He pushed a finger into her open asshole and she cried out. Feeling her about to cum, he placed both hands on her hips plunging deeper Into her pelvis. Her body convulsed under him, screaming in ecstasy. He rode her harder and the release came. He groaned as the cum flooded out.

He collapsed beside her. She turned her head and it wasn't the beast. The library assistant's naked body lay covered in sweat. James, still exhausted, said, "I can hold him back all year... but not Halloween night." 

Amber began to chuckle, "Guess I'll have to come back next year."