 The town had been over ran by horny zombies just like the small town one hundred miles away. The zombies were everywhere as she looked down the alley. Shelly reloaded her silenced pistol as she kept looking around for zombies. She crept down the alley towards the convenience store to do a little shopping. She heard a noise and stopped.

She spun around as he grabbed her hair and pulled her backwards. She fired a few rounds trying to hit his head, but missed each time. He dragged her on her ass towards his friends that were hiding behind the building. Shelly finally got a good shot and nailed him in the forehead. She stood up and ran down the alley to the store and went in. She locked the door and looked at the store, it was ransacked but still had a lot of stuff. 

She whistled as a large zombie ran out at her. Two shots to the head dropped him dead. She waited and searched the store for anymore and found it empty. She took her backpack off and began grabbing candy bars and other kinds of food. She got water and soda also. Shelly saw the shelf of cigarettes and got some to trade to others for items. She heard a loud thud and looked at the door as two zombies were staring at her with hard dicks shoved against the glass doors. 

"Sick bastards." She said shaking her head. 

Shelly was a very beautiful twenty four year old blonde with a great body. Her tight shorts clung to her nice round ass as her tight tank top showed her cleavage off. Her breasts bounced as she walked and turned on every male around. Many tried to nail her but none had yet since the zombies took over. She had lost several hot friends to the zombies and saw her boy friend turn into one. 

She walked towards the back room and grabbed a few other items as she saw the rear door to the building. She heard the front door glass shatter and decided it was time to leave. She opened the door and saw the rear area empty. She went outside and walked fast towards her parked truck at the end of the alley.

She fired it up and sped off as she hit a zombie that stepped in front of the truck. She continued towards her building she was hiding out at. She was going down the road as the truck began to act up and run rough. She looked at the dash as the engine light kicked on and then the overheating light. Steam rolled out from under the hood as the engine stalled and the truck rolled to a stop. 

"Shit." Shelly said grabbing her sawed off shot gun as she opened her door and stepped out.

She looked around the area and the tree line that was beside her made her worry more than the empty houses. She popped the hood and was hit with a hot blast of steam from the radiator. She stepped back coughing as she waited for the steam to go away. She stepped back up and looked at the engine and saw a blown radiator hose. She looked closer and realized it wasn't blown but torn off. Then a hand grabbed her ankle and she looked to see the zombie she had hit. 

She fired the shot gun down at him and blew his head apart. Shelly shook the hand free and looked around for another ride. She spotted a car a few houses down and began walking towards it. She knew the sun was going down soon and heard rustling in the trees. She picked up her pace and was close to the car when she heard a growl and looked back at a zombie walking after her with a hard on.

Shelly was in the driveway by the dusty car when she looked and saw him closing in on her. She lifted the shotgun and fired at him over and over. His arm blew apart and his leg was struck. Rotten flesh flew as he fell to the ground and crawled. She walked closer and blasted him in the head. She turned and was caught off guard by another zombie.

Shelly struggled as he grabbed her arms and made it impossible to use her shot gun. She kicked him in the nuts but got sprayed with green ooze from his dick. Shelly was in trouble as she saw a second zombie staggering up towards her. She then felt his hand release her arm and tear her tank top. Her breasts were exposed as she looked down in shock at her D cups in the open. The zombie smiled and began to suck her left breast as she struggled to get free.

Then she lost her footing and fell backwards. She let out a startled scream as she fell to her ass and was pinned to her back. The zombie continued sucking her tit as his hand grabbed her crotch and rubbed her tight shorts. The second zombie was above her head and she looked up at his swollen cock. He got on his knees and grabbed a handful of her blonde hair as he shoved his dick into her mouth. He fucked her pretty face as he used his knees to hold her arms down.

She was sucking the zombie dick as her crotch got rubbed as her tits got sucked. Shelly had never ever lost to a zombie. 

Her tight shorts were pulled off her waist and down her legs. She felt her pink thong get torn away as her shaved pussy was now exposed to the overly excited zombie. Shelly couldn't do anything as he lifted her legs up and shoved his dick into her tight body. Her eyes widened as her tears swelled up as the zombie was inside her body. He grunted as he thrust into her wet hole over and over. The zombies squeezed her tits and pinched her hard nipples as it made her wetter. They smiled as they had their way with the woman. 

Shelly felt herself get off and her cum spurted out around the large cock as he continued pounding her body. Her body had betrayed her as her cum dripped steadily out of her. She continued sucking the dick as she was forced to deep throat it to the point of gagging. Her legs were held up in the air as the zombie thrust deeper and deeper into her as she got off yet again. The zombie that was fucking her face was growing close and his cock grew more as he grabbed her head with both hands. He yanked her mouth down all the way to his body as he got off and filled her mouth with his rotten cum.

The one inside her pussy went faster and faster as he grew closer. Then he slammed her deep and erupted inside her. Her eyes widened as she felt the cold cum inside her pussy. She swallowed the nasty, cold cum as the zombie finished filling her mouth up. Shelly was worn out as they pulled out of her body. She was left naked on in the driveway as she looked at them as they staggered off satisfied.

Shelly got up and walked to the car. She saw the keys in the seat and picked them up. She walked to the house as the sun was going down. She locked the doors as she searched the house and found it empty. She made sure it was locked up as she tried a light switch and the light came on.

She took a shower and dried off. She found a teenage girls room and went through the clothes. She got dressed in a tight tee shirt and leggings. She laid down and fell asleep. Shelly was worn out and needed to rest.