 She walked down the hallway alone. She was wondering what had happened to her friend Shelly. Marley stepped outside the old bank and looked around as she hoped to see Shelly's truck pulling up. She tapped her finger on her holstered pistol debating on going after her friend. She walked back into the bank and locked the door up. She went to the desk and sat down thinking what to do.

Shelly was up and making a fast snack in the house she rested in after her attack the night before. She reloaded her shot gun and searched the house taking anything useful she could find. She found a couple more pistols and shotgun with ammo for all of them. She walked out to the car and loaded the box of stuff into the trunk. She looked around and got in. She was hoping it would start as she put the key into the ignition. She turned the key and the motor cranked slowly but started. She smiled and drove back to her truck to gather the items she had gotten the day before.

She loaded the items up as fast as she could so she could head home. She sped off and was gone as the two zombies walked out beside her truck. She flipped them off as she was gone without a fucking by them. She pulled up to the old bank and got out. She unlocked the door and went inside, Marley had left. She unloaded the boxes and guns. She locked up and put things away as her other roomy walked out smoking a cigarette in nothing but a bikini top and shorts.

"You know Marley left to find you?" Amber said leaning on the wall.

"I had a run in with a couple zombies." Shelly said.

"Damn, bet they fucked you pretty good. I been there before." Amber said snuffing out her smoke. "Better than when my boyfriend was alive actually, he was better when he was a zombie." Amber joked as she helped put things away.

Marley drove down the rode and saw Shelly's truck with the hood up. She got out of her truck and walked to Shelly's truck. She pulled her pistol as she went to the door and opened it. She looked around and found it empty. Marley closed the door and looked around as she heard a rustling in the tree line. She began to walk back to her truck as she kept an eye on the trees. She got into the truck and locked the doors. She sped off towards the town to see if she could see Shelly around. She pulled into town and stopped as she looked at the buildings.

She drove to her old business and parked. She got out and went inside the bar. Marley smiled as she flipped on the lights. She walked to the bar and went behind it where all the alcohol was still sitting. She grabbed a glass and poured some whiskey. She went and sat at a table as she sipped at her drink. Marley was missing her old life before the zombies. 

She was sitting there as she heard a loud bang in the back room. She stood up and pulled her gun as she walked towards the back. She swung the door open and looked as her top was grabbed. Marley fired her gun as she was pulled into the room and thrown to the floor. Her top ripped open exposing her bra. Her gun slid across the floor as she was pinned to her stomach as she felt her tight jeans getting tugged on. She was struggling as the zombie attacked her.

Marley's tight jeans weren't strong enough to hold against the pulling. She heard a pop then a rip as the zombie held her down with his foot on her head as he peeled her jeans off exposing her nice ass cheeks and black thong. She reached for her gun but it was just too far out of reach. He flipped her over and pinned her down as he bit down on her bra between her D cups. He pulled up fast, snapped her bra open letting her tits out. Marley gasped as she saw her exposed chest as he smiled and began sucking her right tit as he squeezed her other one.

He reached down between her legs and grabbed her pussy. She felt his sharp nails slice the thin thong cloth as his fingers slipped into her tight hole. She let out a yelp as he fingered her as he sucked her tit and teased her hard nipple. He bit her hard nipple just a little to make her yelp a little as he rubbed his cock up and down her black thong. 

Marley had tears running down her face as she felt the thong snap as he shoved into her pussy. The thong went in with his cock. Her eyes widened as he began fucking her deep and fast making her pussy wet. He held her arms down as he slammed it into her hole as she got off. She moaned as her cum flowed and dripped from the thong strings hanging out of her pussy. He was loving the warmth of her wet hole around his cock. Marley closed her eyes and moaned as he rammed her shaved pussy. 

Sweat covered her body as the excitement was getting her overheated as he had her getting off for the second time. Her moans filled the room as she got pounded by the zombie. She felt him pull out as he flipped her to her stomach and pulled her ass up into the air as he held her head to the floor. She looked around as he shoved deeper into her hole as he groaned and fucked her deeper than earlier. 

Marley's eyes rolled back as she smiled as her pussy juices flowed from the pounding. He grunted with each deep thrust into her tight hole. He slapped her ass as she yelped with each slap. She was enjoying it as he was doing her twenty eight year old body like he was banging a whore. 

Marley was wore out as she laid there taking it with the biggest smile on her face. He shoved deep as he could and got off inside her. Marley moaned as he grunted and held her hips as he pumped his cold cum into her. 

He pulled out as she was left with her ass up and face on the floor. He let his cum drip onto her ass cheeks as he laughed at her. He walked out of the room as Marley rolled over to her back and laid there catching her breath. She sat up and stood up as her legs shook. She sat in a chair and closed her eyes as she drifted off to sleep.

Shelly stood outside the building waiting for Marley to come back as she ate a hot dog. She didn't know what had happened to her friend. She decided to go to bed as the darkness overtook the day. She took a shower and laid down.