 I delayed the drafting of this chapter because I needed to balance my writing with other pursuits. I also sought the right inspiration for telling this part of the tale.

Dire Warning: Overall, the tone of this chapter does not vary much from previous installments, with magic and suspense. The erotic passages contain some dickgirl sex and plenty of cum inflation. However, much of the sex is firmly within the erotic horror genre. If tentacles crosses the line for you, just skip this chapter and you will catch up on everything important in the following chapter.

Humanoid characters are full adults, over age 18, no underage sex is implied or inferred.

***** 

Gray and orange clouds filled the darkening sky. I was alone, but He was in my head.

Brandeis.

He had barged into my psychic fortress and demanded that I fly to him at once and surrender. He warned me that he had taken Erica hostage and that I should not even think of breathing a word to my coven sisters. He did not have a strong hold over my will, but he had enough. He was able to cloud my judgment, and at the same time he threatened of harm to Erica. That forced me to obey without hesitation.

I soared over the bay, heading up from the Rogers Estate to the northeast. He was assuring me that if I followed his instructions faithfully, all would be well and no one would get hurt. Panicked and confused, I sped willingly into his trap.

So, you can't turn invisible?  he asked.

I don't know how. I can't cast spells like other witches.

So Erica tells me. She has told me a few things about you, and I'm going to know everything about you soon. Come, I will make you invisible as soon as you are within range.

I was acutely aware of his psychic presence within my fortress. Fearing a confrontation, I tried not to visualize him or even my fortress. That turned out to be foolish, because he used my inattention as an opportunity to blindfold me or rather, he placed a psychic blindfold on my psychic avatar. When I realized what he had done, I decided not to try to take it off, since he was already blackmailing me. I just tried to crawl into a corner, but it seemed I could not move. He had tied me up, leaving my psychic avatar completely restrained.

In our fervor to train our combat skills, we had overlooked my psychic defenses and I was a rank beginner. Against a warlock, I didn't stand a chance.

I could hear his spoken thoughts, but due to the blindfold I could not see into his thoughts and figure out what he was planning. I had become used to reading people's minds over the past few days and it was awful being kept in the dark when I was already on the verge of freaking out. Meanwhile, Brandeis was rummaging around in my memories, learning everything he could about me. I could only assume he was learning about my past, my family, and my powers.

After just a couple of minutes of flight, I had arrived near the hotel where he was staying.

Close enough. Hold still.

I was hovering in the darkening skies at about five hundred feet of altitude. While it was probably too dark to spot me from the ground, the nearby airport had probably picked me up on radar.

Suddenly, I became invisible.

You shouldn't draw any undue attention now. Come on down now.

I descended toward the balcony of his suite obediently, sensing which one it was by his thoughts and guidance. It was as if he was looking through my eyes.

I slowed down and landed on the balcony. Inside, I could see a normal hotel room, neat and tidy. The glass door slid open at my touch.

"Erica?" I called out softly.

We had a magical time, simply magical. Please, shut the door behind you.

I slid the balcony door shut, and he made my body visible again. I should have felt hostility, jealousy, a rush of adrenaline, but there was nothing like that anymore. Instead came a strange form of arousal. I was waiting for his instructions. This stranger, this man who had fucked my gorgeous friend, was in control. He was going to command me to let him fuck me, I just sensed it, and I knew I would unhesitatingly obey. Every command he issued just brought us closer to that inevitable moment. The more I followed his instructions, the wetter I would get.

It is a pity what I must do. We would have gone far together. Medina's instructions were crystal clear, however. No sacrifice, no warnings. You must die.

A shiver went down my spine. I felt a sense of foreboding so strong, and I shook like a leaf. Something about his powers made me resign to my fate.

We could have ruled the world. It seems a shame to content myself with Morgana's little coven.

"The coven? What are you going to do with them?" I asked.

They will join my harem. I would not worry about them, but about yourself."

"What about me?"

I'm getting to that! There might just be a chance, yes. It just might work.

"What, your lordship?"

I heard a chuckle from the shadows.

Yes, you may call me that. I can tell you want to be in my harem too, with Erica, Irina, Morgana and Karina. There is just one problem. Medina made herself quite clear, and I do not double cross the Adept lightly.

He was deciding what to do with me, and I was numb with fear. I lacked the sense to run for help, to scream, or even to simply beg for mercy.

I was going to be quite content with Erica. Her aura was already enough to give me a huge advantage for nine full months. Yes, anyone would be a fool to turn down such power! I could never live with myself! Understand this, Jeanie! If I am to spare you, I must use your powers against Medina. I will need your cooperation. Can you promise me that?

"Oh, yes my lord, I promise!"

Good. Make yourself comfortable. Take off your shoes.

"Yes, master!" I said happily, quickly kicking off my comfortable tennis shoes.

You enjoy obeying my commands, don't you? You can't wait for me to fuck you, and you'll do anything I say, won't you?

"Yes! Anything to please you!"

Very well, it's clear you can be controlled with ease. So guess what Jeanie? I choose to spare your life. Grovel and thank me for my mercy.

"Oh thank you, master!" I cried. I sensed he was watching me, and so I demonstrated my subservience by falling to my knees.

Are you going to stick with me, even when it is difficult?

"Yes, master!" I said, getting back to my feet.

When Medina figures out I have captured rather than killed you, she will want me dead. I've already put up a ward to prevent scrying, and in a moment I'll put up a ward to hide our auras. Thanks to your little gift, I was able to place several wards on this place already.

There. Medina will have a hell of a time finding us now. You'll need me to deal with her, to guide your preparations. An Adept has never been defeated by a ragtag coven such as yourselves, but there was more than one Adept taken down by a warlock with a coven. We are going to need all the power we can get to do this, and access to a ready supply of witch-killing monsters. That way, we can entrap and overwhelm her, and tear her to pieces!

It was clear what Brandeis wanted, but I wondered what he meant by my "little gift." Shortly after, it dawned on me that he was referring to Erica. He had been feeding off of her aura, and using it to cast a variety of spells, including wards on the hotel against ethereals, as well as every basic ward against divination he could find. He also used the power of her aura to fuel the spell where he psychically chased and dominated me.

"What then?" I asked.

After Medina's defeat, no one will stand between me and the power to rule as a god at last. As Emperor of Earth, I plan to bring magic back to the masses. You will breed a new generation of witches, Jeanie.

"Breed?"

Yes. You will select and impregnate women who want to have a child with the gift of your aura. We'll create a master race, maybe three or four master races.

Yes! I can feel it! This is my purpose in life, Jeanie! Now is the final ascension of the warlock, this right here! It culminates in the fall of the Tranquil Adept! I will harness your energy and your powers, and show you how to exploit your talents! Morgana fears your abilities, but under my tutelage, and only under me, you will be able to unleash your true potential! In return, you will serve me. Say you will serve me.

"I will serve you, master." I said, straightening up as I heard him issue yet another command. It was as though I lived for his dictates.

Your boundless energy, together with my underworld savvy, will make us formidable indeed. With the rest of your coven sisters under my control, we will be unstoppable! Yes, this is how I make my indelible mark upon this world!

The first order of business is ensuring your coven sisters can come along. We must prepare for their arrival. Do you understand?

I nodded.

When will they be here?

"They are having a ceremony. I was expected to come. I suppose I will be missed, and they will come looking for me."

Alright. I doubt they will find you so easily, so we probably have some time. First, I'm going to bind you to my will, and then we will use your powers to enhance my trap.

It was shadowy and dark toward the back of the hotel room, but I could see loafers of a man step into the light streaming from the bottom of the bathroom door.

"M-my lord?" I asked.

"That's right, it is me." He took another step more fully into the room, and I could more clearly see his full body in the dim light.

"Ooh! Lord Dimerant!" I gasped in surprise. All this time I thought I was alone in the room. I sank to my knees to once more demonstrate my complete surrender.

"Good, Jeanie. You can call me Master from now on."

"Yes, Master."

"That's a good girl."

I looked up at him, hoping for mercy. He had sleek, handsome features, wavy dark hair and wore a loose brownish gray business suit.

"I'm glad you like what you see. You're a very pretty spiritmancer yourself," he said. "No cock and balls tucked away in that outfit, I trust?"

"No, Master!"

"Good, keep it that way for now. That part of you has its uses, but not when it comes to me. Is that clear?"

"Of course, Master." A part of my mind went into a panic, frightened by the way I was embracing submission. That part of my mind was suppressed by something, whether it was his charm spells or another part of my mind. As a result, I continued to rejoice in obeying his commands.

"Now, crawl to me."

Those words came like music to my ears. I was only too happy to do as he commanded. I didn't feel degraded, I felt objectified and desired. I hoped that after I crawled up to him, he would let me suck him off and perhaps even swallow his cum. If he ordered me to, I would simply have no choice but to obey. All of my other responsibilities were out of reach, gone.

"I know you want to fulfill your duty," he chuckled as I arrived at his feet. "Very well, maybe it's time you had a taste."

I reached up to unzip his fly. Tentatively taking hold of the zipper, I pulled down.

"No, not like that," he scolded calmly. He yanked his zipper back up and sighed with impatience. "Do it sexy."

I looked up at him questioningly.

"Oh, pathetic!" he scowled, shoving me back on my haunches. I let out a whimper. "Clearly, no one has shown you how to do this. I have to let Erica teach you! Erica!"

"Yes, Master?" There was a splashing sound coming from the bathroom. Erica had been in there, silent as a mouse and soaking in a hot bath. She quickly dried herself with a towel.

"Come on, cock slut. I know you heard everything. We're waiting for you."

"I'm here!" Erica said, bursting out of the bathroom damp and naked, a discarded hotel towel falling down about her ankles.

"Jeanie, are you okay?" she asked, taking me in her arms and kissing me full on the lips. I wanted to be mad at her for keeping quiet when I called out her name, but she was so hot, wet and sexy that I decided to save that chat for later. Besides, my instincts told me she was also under his spell, and so I was glad that I was not alone.

We both looked up at him then.

"Oh Master, please let me show Jeanie how to suck your cock!" She grabbed her bountiful breasts and squeezed them together, showcasing her cleavage for him. She kneaded her breasts and pouted for him until he gave her a little nod.

Immediately, she went for his fly, unzipping his trousers, and then undoing his belt. In no time she had his pants on the floor and his rather sizable cock swinging into view. Actually it was a foot long and enormous but I was becoming used to giant endowments.

She coyly stood closer to him, as her hands took hold of his member.

"Isn't it wonderful?" she asked me, and I nodded.

She nestled her face against his collar, and caressed his erection with both hands. She encircled his shaft with one hand while the other alternated between fondling his balls and stroking the base of his organ. He smiled and when she turned her head up to his, he kissed her fiercely, just as she hoped he would.

He ended the kiss almost as quickly as it started. "All right, on your knees slut. We don't have all night."

"Oh yes! Fuck my mouth with all of this huge cock, Master! Where do you want to cum?"

"Jeanie needs to drink it, of course, and then we'll have plenty of work to do, and you're going to be very happy."

"Yes master," she began, then she slurped the head of his cock into her mouth, getting his helmet wet before pulling it free with a pop. "Although I can't imagine being any happier than this!" She looked up into his eyes with a disarmingly sweet and innocent smile, one for him to remember before she got started. She sensed a certain impatience still in his countenance, and turned to me.

"Jeanie, are you stoned or something? You need to strip, now, before you anger him!"

"Oh! Right!" As I shucked off my shorts and prepared to get rid of my blouse, a thought occurred to me. I needed to act sexy and seductive. I did my best, which probably wasn't that good since there wasn't any music to move to. Still, my striptease got his almost undivided attention, and he fucked my blonde friend's throat deep and steady, keeping her from getting a word in edgewise.

Once I had stripped, I felt my place was kneeling beside Erica and waiting for my turn to suck his cock. If I understood them correctly, it would soon be my turn. His warlock's charms had us in a dreamlike state, neither of us were able to wake from his spell, and that was even before he "bound" me to his will.

Brandeis took Erica's blonde head firmly in his hands and pulled it onto his cock until every inch of his veiny meat had disappeared into her mouth. I watched intently as he began to ram his cock into Erica's throat over and over. Erica fell into his rhythm and began bobbing the entire length of his shaft. The long strokes took a lot of energy and she could barely take a breath of air so she was beginning to fatigue. I rejuvenated her blood stream with oxygen so that she could continue to bob and corkscrew and suck on his cock energetically, and looked up at my master with a delighted smile, hoping he would know just what I did for him.

Just then, my phone rang.

See who it is.

I realized at once that my coven sisters were wondering where I was. They were about to go to their ceremony and I was expected to show up.

Irina's name flashed on my phone.

"It's Irina, my, uh, girlfriend."

You better pick it up. Stall her, don't let her know what is going on.

I nodded my assent and pressed the receive button.

"Hey Irina."

"Hey Jeanie. Um, it's getting close to the ceremony now. Where are you?"

"Oh, the ceremony? Well, listen, I hope you don't mind but I thought maybe I'd just sit this one out."

"What's that noise on the other end? It sounds like a blowjob."

"Oh! Uh, well, it is," I confessed. "That's Erica, the maid."

"Right, Erica. The little minx. So you're with her right now. Is that more important to you?"

"Irina, don't get jealous-"

"I most certainly am going to get jealous!"

"You have your knight though, and your ceremony. What do you need me for?"

"You know what? Fine! I'll tell Morgana you decided not to come to the ceremony!"

The call ended, and I looked up at Brandeis. I was sorry to have upset Irina, and I worried that Brandeis might disapprove of the way I handled the call.

Not bad, slut. She'll come around soon enough. Get closer and get ready to open your mouth wide.

I did as I was told, and a smile broke across my mouth while he face fucked Erica like a rag doll.

"Yes, fucking pound her throat, master!" I squealed with delight, and I could see Erica smile, to the extent that she could with her lips stretched around Brandeis' meaty girth.

A part of me felt elated by what was taking place. He was going to take me along on his conquest of the world, and take me as his lover as well. That part was thrilling or at least tempting. Still, it meant selling out on my coven sisters and even my own free will. A part of my mind was still in distress at the very idea. I began to sense a divide between those two sides, but my dreamlike state kept me from looking for a way out.

"Now!" he grunted. He snatched a fistful of my brown hair and held me steady as I opened my mouth wide. He yanked his cock out of Erica's mouth and quickly shoved the tip of his cock into my mouth. In the next instant, all I could taste was sweet salty cum. I tried to clamp down on his shaft with my lips and swallow. Several torrential spurts overflowed from my lips and splashed down over my body before I managed to even begin swallowing.

He backed me against the wall and my head banged against the door as he thrust his cock into the back of my mouth. He continued to blast a torrent of cum into my mouth. Cum flew everywhere, a lot of it shooting straight down my throat. I felt used, sullied, unloved, and trapped. All thoughts of abandoning his side vanished.

So this is what my coven sisters had tried to warn me about. Warlocks are the bane of sex witches. They are our natural predators, I thought.

I am only here to help you, Jeanie.

Even so, I walked into your trap like a bug caught in a spider web.

It was destiny. He punctuated his telepathic words with an especially strong thrust, causing my head to bang against the door even as I felt his abdomen smash against my nose.

"Oh, master! So manly!" Erica cooed, fondling my cum-spattered boobs as his orgasm petered out.

"Jeanie, you have become my servant and my property," he said with a smirk. "Just like Erica here. Now, I need your spirit energy. Erica, go get my box."

Everything I do to you, I do for a reason. Look at me, Jeanie. Can you sense how much I enjoy exploiting your submissiveness? This is one of the joys I am going to give to you.

"But Master, I love submitting to you already."

"That's not what I mean. You are going to dominate and crush the wills of other women, fuck them, and in doing so you will serve me."

"As you say, then it will be so," I murmured. What will we do with the men of this world?

We will exterminate them. HAHAHAHAHA! His chilling laughter echoed in my mind.

"Here you are, master!" Erica said, holding a dark and old-looking hinged wooden box about the size of a toaster. She held it before him and he opened it. Inside were an assortment of neatly organized glass syringes, each containing a glowing concoction in a variety of colors. The warlock's powers had been distilled into syringes just as Morgana's method had lead to a pantry stocked with magic cookies. He withdrew two of the syringes and sent her to put the box away.
