 Where are We?

Kyle Sanders sat in the plane seat as the stewardess walked by while pushing the large tray with drinks. He waited until she passed and gradually checked out her perfectly round ass as she stopped at the seats in front of him. 

He had been checking out the hot black haired woman with darkly tanned skin since before they had even taken off. He had flown many times before and the entire process was quite boring so he often found himself giving in to his more juvenile side.

Women fascinated him. He loved sex and he would often come up with his own answers to questions that popped into his head. He imagined her wearing a red thong and matching red bra underneath the uniform. 

She would be amazing in bed a well. He bet she would do things that most girls wouldn't do. He could see her taking his cock into her mouth and choking it down. He could see her riding on him while he hammered himself inside of her.

He could imagine her sex noises just from her salty voice. Her moans would drive him crazy. He could see her covered in sweat as her long hair stuck to her large breasts.

"Did you want something, sir?" He snapped out of his own fantasies that had run wild in his head again. He looked up to see the beautiful woman looking down at him with a small smile on her face.

"I'm sorry?" he asked. Had he accidentally said something? He had never done that before. 

"I thought I heard you say something about the woman with the nice ass," she whispered as she lowered down close to him. "I assumed you were talking about me."

Kyle's eyes shot wide open. Had he actually said that out loud? He couldn't believe how immature he was acting. It wasn't like he was sex deprived or anything. He was kind of obsessed with it and found a way to have sex no matter where he went and considering his career had him traveling all over the world to various tournaments as a professional fighter, he had no shortage of locations or women to choose from. 

"I'm so sorry," he stammered as he felt his face grow red. "I didn't mean to let that slip from my mouth."

"It's okay," she stated with a smile. "Coming from you I take that as a compliment. My name's Eliza by the way."

"It's nice to meet you, Eliza," he said as he extended a hand for a proper introduction. "My names..."

"I know who you are," she stated as her dark brown eyes seemed to sparkle in delight. "Kyle Sanders. I'm a fan of yours you know?"

"I didn't know I had any fans quite as beautiful as you Eliza," he said as she placed her hand on his. He kissed the back of her hand, never taking his eyes off of her.

"You don't have to try so hard," she admitted with a bright smile. "You already have me." She leaned in close to him and pressed her lips almost to his before whispering, "meet me in the lavatory in five minutes." She gave his hand a squeeze and then continued rolling her cart toward the front of the plane.

He couldn't believe his luck! That's one thing he had never done before. He had never had sex with a stewardess on a plane. Excitement flowed through him as he watched her perfect ass sway side to side as she pushed ahead. He turned to look toward the back of the plane where the lavatory waited. The sign on it said "unoccupied" so he figured now would be the best time to make sure it was free for him and Eliza.

He stood up from the plane and made his way down the aisle as a bit of unexpected turbulence caused him to stumble sideways into a heavily built man with long black hair.

"Watch it, buddy," the man grumbled as he shouldered Kyle back into the aisle. He looked over at the man. He seemed tough and the way he looked at Kyle made him think that the man might know how to handle himself. It didn't matter anyway because he wasn't going to screw his chances with Eliza up by fighting. So he took a mental note of the muscular man and continued down toward the lavatory.

He looked down at one point to see another beautiful woman setting in the aisle seat looking at him before averting her eyes quickly when he met hers. She had short red hair and bright green eyes. Her frame was skinny, but she had breasts to make up for the lack of meat on her bones. He flashed her a smile as she looked back up at him. He walked by her and was finally at the door. 

He stepped inside and turned the lock to sway any people from spoiling the fun he was about to have. A few minutes passed and he heard a gentle knock on the door. 

"Kyle," came the soft whisper of Eliza. 

He opened the door to see the woman standing with a smile on her face as she looked up at him. He gestured for her to come in and she did. Once he closed the door, he realized how small the room actually was. They didn't even have room to set down so his options for positions were very limited. 

"I can't believe I'm about to do this," Eliza giggled. "I'm about to fuck Kyle Sanders."

Kyle smiled at her as she squeezed his biceps with a face of amazement. He reached down and unfastened his pants. His cock was already growing as he wiggled his pants and underwear down to his knees. 

Eliza shifted her hips around as she dropped her panties to the floor and off of one of her ankles. 

They were black. He had guessed wrong.

Kyle grabbed one of her legs and placed his other hand on her ass as he lifted her into the air. He pressed his mouth to hers and felt her tongue push into his mouth. She reached down and grabbed his cock as he lowered her down. He could feel his dick slip inside of her wet pussy as she let go of his cock and breathed out sharply.

"We have to be quiet," she whispered into his ear as he slowly lowered her onto his throbbing rod. She was trying her best to stifle her moans and he realized that she was talking to herself more than she was to him.

The entire room shook violently for a slight moment, causing his dick to rapidly pound into her cunt as he attempted to steady his feet and legs to hold against the motion of the plane. The shaking stopped and Eliza held a concerned look on her face.

"It's just turbulence," Kyle tried to reassure her.

"I fly for a living," she explained with one eyebrow cocked. "I think I know what's normal."

He started his motion of picking her up and slowly lowering her onto his cock again. Her mind seemed to let the plane's actions slip as she began moaning again. He picked up the pace as he began thrusting his hips forward to create a bit of a slapping sound as they connected.

She held on with her hands gripping his shoulders as he began slamming himself into her. Her knee started smacking the door with a rhythmic thumping as he pounded harder and harder. He tried to shift his body around so that her knee was away, but it only made it worst.

She moaned louder and louder as he started to feel his cock swell. He knew he was going to cum soon. He knew he wouldn't be able to hold it. He also knew that he didn't want to get a stranger pregnant on a flight toward a fight. He didn't want to risk it.

She must have sensed his plight and gave him a sharp look.

"Don't you dare cum inside of me," she snapped through gasps of breath. "I may be a fan, but I'm not that big of a fan."

He slowed his pumping motion as he started to lift her off of his cock so that he could finish into some toilet paper or something, but the plane began shaking violently again. As he had just lifted her up from him, his hands slipped and she fell onto her ass on the floor just as he grabbed his dick and squeezed in an attempt to stop from cumming, but he blew his load anyway. 

"Damn," he heard Eliza whisper sharply. He had shot his entire load on her face and in her hair as she sat sprawled out on the floor. "Help me up!"

He reached down and pulled her to her feet. She looked into the mirror to see the damage. Her bangs were covered in his spunk and she had three straight streams of his jizz clung to her cheeks and some dripping from her nose.

The plane began shaking again. They held onto each other to keep their balance. 

Once the plane stopped shaking, Eliza did her best to quickly wipe Kyles cum off of her face and out of her hair before opening the door and running out. Kyle pulled his pants back up and stepped out calmly. As he made his way back to his seat he could see Eliza skipping toward the front of the plane as fast as she could.

He looked down to see some passengers looking back at him. They had to have known what he and Eliza had been doing back there, but he honestly didn't care. It was natural. If they had a problem with it then they were probably just jealous. 

He sat down in his seat once more and scooted over to the window. The person that had bought the ticket had apparently not made it to the flight, leaving him two full seats to himself. He looked out the window.

Black surrounded them. Large flashes of lightning burst through the black from time to time. They were flying right through a storm! That explained the turbulence at least. Everything should be fine. Planes were built to withstand that kind of thing.

"Hello everyone," came a voice over the intercom. "This is your captain. I just wanted to reassure you all that this is completely normal. We are flying through a storm that we hadn't known about, but everything is under control. Our flight has not been extended and everyone will be stepping out onto Rome, Italy within a few hours so just relax and enjoy."

Kyle looked around at the other passengers that he could see from his position. No one seemed to be upset at all. People just talked with one another and some were even laughing and pointing out their windows at the storm around them.

"Can anyone read me?" The captain must have forgotten to turn his intercom off. "Anybody? We have no visibility and our radar's going crazy. I've never seen anything like this before. Our computers are shutting down! Hello! Anybody?! Help!"

Everyone stopped laughing at that point. People went from laughing as they looked out the window to absolute fear washed over them as they pleaded with the black clouds.

Kyle looked back out his window to watch the clouds again. There was something strange about them. It didn't seem natural. He had flown through storms before, but this one was different. He leaned into the glass as he focused his eyes on one spot. Something seemed to be moving inside of them. Long black tendrils seemed to be curling and whipping around just behind the opaque darkness of the clouds.

"What is that," he heard one person shout in shock. He was sure everyone else was seeing the same thing he was. 

Kyle watched as one of the black vine-like things whipped out of the clouds and smacked the side of the plane, causing it to shake violently once more. The plane began descending quickly and he could see smoke billowing out of one of the engines. 

People started screaming and crying as another one of those things whipped the plane from the other side. A loud roaring sound drowned out the screams as a rip started to spread across the top of the plane. It looked like the plane was about to rip completely in half as the rip grew in width.

Kyle looked down the aisle to see Eliza falling onto her back and rolling toward the opening rip, which had spread around the plane and to the floor. He barely knew the woman, but he had always been the kind of guy to put himself in danger to help others. This was no different. He leaped over the tear and caught the falling woman just before she slipped through it. 

It was strange. Even though the tear was completely around the plane and growing, the plane wasn't pulling apart. Eliza held onto him as tightly as she could as he looked around. The black vine-like things were spreading around the entire plane. They were the only things keeping them from falling from the sky in two pieces.

Then everything went white and silent.

Kyle woke up still holding Eliza, who was still gripping him as well. He looked around and seen the plane was motionless. This rip was still there and in the same place, but the vines were gone. People were standing up and looking around just as confused as he was. 

"Are you okay," he asked Eliza.

"Thanks to you," she said with a forced smile as she was trying to hide her fear. "Where are we?"

Kyle let go of the woman and stood up. He looked out the window to see that they were setting on the ground.

"I have no idea," he admitted as he watched people start to run out of the door of the plane. "I believe we might find out soon though."

"What the fuck," Eliza breathed as she stood up and looked out the window too. "This isn't real."

"Feels real enough," he stated as he started for the door as well. "Let's get off this death trap."

Eliza followed him off of the plane. He looked at the ground around them to see the black vines lying around the plane as if it was crushed to death in an attempt to save them from their doom.

"This isn't happening," he heard a woman cry. 

"Wait, where's everyone else?" Someone called from the scattering crowd of people. 

Kyle looked around to see that the person was right. The plane had almost a hundred passengers on it before the attack, but now it looked closer to twenty here.

"Okay everyone listen up," a voice called from the door of the plane. "I know you're all scared. Trust me when I say I am too, but we have to stick together here. Wherever we are, we are not on the coordinates that we were supposed to be on. We have no idea where we are."

"How the hell did that happen?!" One person spat.

"I have no idea," the pilot explained. "The GPS had us right on schedule, but there's not supposed to be land between our location and the mainland. This is somewhere new."

"I've been telling people that we're too reliant on technology for years now," came another voice from the crowd. "Looks like I was right."

"That's something to be happy about?" Came another voice in an angry tone.

"We should stick together and head north from here," the pilot said, ignoring the comments and trying to keep everyone calm. "If we head further inland than we might find some locals that could shed some light on where we are."

"Fuck you," called a man in the back. "I don't think we're going to listen to the man who got us here in the first place." The man marched from the back toward the pilot. As he walked passed Kyle, he could see that the man had his hands closed in a fist and noticed that his shoulders were tensed.

"Calm down sir," the pilot ordered with his hands out as he was stepping out of the plane and onto the ground. "Let's think this through."

The man began swinging his fists, connecting with the pilot's head over and over again as the poor pilot just collapsed to the ground with his hands up. The man didn't seem to be stopping either. 

"You fucking killed us all," the man was shouting. Kyle could hear the raw sounds of flesh and bone connecting to flesh and bone. A sound he knew all too well.

Kyle ran over to the man and placed his arm on his chest. He started pushing the man back when he turned to look him in the face.

"You're next big guy," the crazed man shouted through closed teeth as he pulled back and swung his fists. 

Kyle ducked the swing and slammed his own fist into the man's stomach. He grunted in pain and fell to his knees. 

"Stop," Kyle ordered as he extended a hand to help the pilot up. One of the pilot's eyes was swollen shut and he was spitting blood, but he'd be okay. Kyle had seen worst. Hell, Kyle had been through worst.

"Let's head north," Kyle shouted so that the shocked crowd could hear him. "Someone help this asshole up." A few people ran toward the man and helped him up as Kyle guided the pilot toward the thick forest ahead. "I hope you're right about this."

"I have to be," the pilot said through his teeth. "Thanks for helping me."

"You really are some kind of hero aren't you?" Eliza said as she caught up with the two and started walking beside Kyle. 

"Heros and decent human beings are different things," Kyle said as he looked around the woods. "I just try to be a decent human being. That's all."

"You're my hero," the pilot argued.

"Mine too," Eliza agreed.

The forest was strangely quiet. Not sounds of animals, or bugs. Just silence. It was eerie.

An hour went by with no change to the scenery as the group walked through the forest. The sun began going down, stretching long shadows across the forest floor as the group of semi scattered people began to whisper to each other in fear.

"We're fine people," Kyle tried to reassure them, but it didn't seem to help much.

Just when Kyle was beginning to doubt his own words, the forest abruptly ended at a dirt path. He followed the path with his eyes and could see the darkening outlines of houses in the distance. He smiled to himself and the pilot, who was able to walk without help after a few minutes earlier, walked up beside him and patted him on the back.

"Told you," he laughed as they began walking toward the houses.

"I think I might change my job," Eliza stated as they neared the small cluster of houses. "This may have just ruined flying for me."

"I can't say that I blame you," Kyle stated with a laugh of his own. He couldn't believe their luck! They crashed onto some strange land for a moment, he thought they were surely dead, but now there they were. Approaching civilization once again. Maybe it would just be a headliner to build his advertising campaigns for some quick cash.

Something was strange about it all though. He couldn't narrow it down at first, but when they got closer he realized it.

"Where is everybody?" He asked. There were probably ten houses here and yet no people around to see. No lights were on in the houses and not a single sound could be heard except the sound of wind in the distance.

"That's strange," Eliza said, her smile fading away.

"Maybe they all go to bed early," the pilot suggested, but it didn't seem right. 

As they made it to the first house, Kyle approached the front steps and was about to knock on the door when he looked to the side to see a sign. Someone behind him screamed in shock, causing him to quickly turn to see the woman with short red hair from earlier on the plane holding her hands up to her mouth and her eyes opened wide.

"That's my name," she shouted as she pointed at the sign.

Kyle turned to look at the sign more closely.

"Holly Chantelle, Gavin Von"

"What is going on? That's my name next to yours," the pilot stated as he walked up to the sign.

The sky was getting darker and it seemed like the sounds of the wind were increasingly getting closer as well. Kyle had a feeling that they all needed to seek shelter soon, but he didn't exactly trust these houses. Who built these structures and how did they know their names. 

"We need to check the other houses," Kyle stated as he started jogging toward the closest house to the one they were just at.

"Eliza Shepard and Joe Barren," he read out loud. 

Eliza ran up to him and her eyes went wide as she began shaking her head. "This can't be happening."

"You called my name," a deep voice called from behind Kyle as he wrapped his arms around the frightened Eliza. He turned to see the man from the plane. The man with shoulder-length black hair and dark eyes. He had shoulders as broad as his own and held himself with assurance. 

"Are you Joe Barren?" Kyle asked. The man nodded as he looked at the sign of confusion. "How?"

"I don't know," Kyle admitted as he looked around to see everyone walking from house to house until they found their own names. They had to figure out what was going on, but that would have to wait. The first thing they had to do was find shelter for the night, for the wind was almost on them and the shadows were taking over everything around them.

"Alright listen up people," he shouted so that everyone could hear him. "I know this is scary, but we have to find somewhere for the night."
