 Beasts II: Abandon

For the third time I have fixed my make-up, my nose only a few inches from the slick surface of the full-length mirror. I try to brush away errant flecks of eye shadow only to resolve they are simply freckles. Heavily I sigh: I normally don't feel so anxious. Then again, I don't go out very much. On a whim, my almost-human companion suggested a night out for dinner and music. Checking the calendar, I concluded there was no lunar reason not to accept. Twirling around, I watch the pleats of my dress fall effortlessly into place. The satiny material, in a riot of colors, catches the light. With another tug at the seams of my stockings my confidence returns. 

I scurry down the hallway, hoping to be ready when I hear that familiar knock on the front door. My glossy black heels dig into the plush carpet. As I enter the living-room I hear the shuffle of feet on the sea-grass welcome mat. I take another full breath, my fingers grazing the brass door knob. Once again, I leap backwards at the rapping on the wooden entry to my home. I shake my head, considering he hesitated on purpose. As I pull the door open wide, the devilish grin on his face confirms my suspicion. Pursing my lips at his subtle mischief, I step gingerly out the door. He offers his arm, as I knew he would.

The short walk to the restaurant is quiet. I lean my head on his arm, content in knowing we look perfectly normal. He's wearing a well-pressed shirt and a tidy necktie, and I have selected a retro-styled sundress. There is nothing to suggest that we are not simply a pair of young lovers out for an early dinner. The late afternoon sun is very warm, but a temperate breeze ruffles our hair. The immense heat he emits is the only clue that betrays his otherwise idyllic human masculinity. I try to push away those dangerous thoughts as we enter the patio dining area. He ushers me to a quiet corner near the edge of the black wrought iron fence. The heavy queen palm fronds hang over the table, suggesting a hint of privacy. 

Drinks are swiftly deposited on the table, delicate glasses brimming with deep scarlet wine. Dreamily I watch him bring the cool glass to his lips, drawing in the dark liquid. Just over his shoulder the vivid blue sky is streaked by the warm hues of early evening, bright ribbons of rose and vermillion race across the horizon. We sit quietly, as we always do. Words never seem as powerful as these shared silences. Deftly his hand snakes across the table, encasing my hand inside his. Above the crystalline din of dinnertime activity, our silence roars in my ears.

His hand is surprisingly hot, hotter than it should be, even for him. I take long sip from my glass, trying to ease away my concerns. But the deep earthy wine cannot erase the dark flush that blooms upon my companion's face. His flesh is ablaze now, and I feel as though I have wrongly touched a hot iron, but am unable to pull away. I watch the heavy rise and fall of his chest, knowing he is struggling to maintain restraint over his natural state. My nails bite down into his palm until I feel the warm wetness of blood spreads beneath my fingertips. In response, I am greeted by a barely audible rumbling growl from across the table. I am being warned.

I glance around and see that other patrons are going about their meals, unaware of the drama building in our corner. To a casual observer we must appear to be infatuated lovers. There is nothing loving or romantic about what is happening in this moment, though. With my free hand I quickly retrieve several bills from my purse, resolving we would not be dining here this evening after all. As the papery notes tumble onto the pristine white tablecloth I am yanked from my seat. Pushing through the patio's side gate, he pulls me into the mosaic lined alleyway. Over his shoulder I see the sky now bleeds with the impending sundown. 

For the first time, something catches my eye. The ominous black shadow of the moon courses long the horizon in terrible pursuit of the sun. I swallow hard. The dark idea forms in my mind as I am forcefully shoved against the wall, my bare shoulders scraping against the rough mortar. Large hands, now finely tufted in downy fur, cradle my face as a hungry mouth descends upon mine. 

Full moons were a dangerous, volatile time for dark creatures like us. But an eclipse? These are rare and truly lethal events. My mouth breaks away from his, my lips wet and swollen from his affections. I breath in the evening air, seeking something cool, but all I can find is heat. Sharp teeth and newly extended canines catch the shell of my ear; blood that had been boiling in the pit of my stomach rushes to the core of my ecstasy. My skin feels too tight, as my veins burn as though they are channeling molten lava. Involuntarily, my back arches and the gap between our hunger bodies disappears. I am rewarded with a needy growl.

Once gentle hands now wrap around my throat. Had I fear of death this would be the moment I should choose to panic. He turns my head to watch the black disc creep into light path of the setting sun. Shadows have begun grow long and impossibly black. In a single blink of my eyes his mouth is on me again as an arm wraps around my hips. Hoisting me up the wall my raw shoulders begin to bleed. My legs instinctively wrap around his waist, the hem of my dress slipping up my thighs to reveal my red garter belt and the tiniest of lace panties. He bucks, the unmistakable heat of his hardness presses against my barely clothed sex. Moaning into his mouth I feel the familiar ache racing parallel to my spine.

My eyes, which I had not noticed closed at some point, slip open to see my companion's face now fully changed. Silvery blue fur covers nearly every inch of him, and his eyes are even colder than I remember. He smiles wickedly, his carnivorous mouth fueling an inhuman hunger inside my belly. My body is now tightly wedged between the rough tiled wall and his firm, simmering body; I am at his mercy. He slips his fingers inside my flimsy panties, dipping the tips into my flowing wetness. I roll my hips forward into his hands, forcing his digits into my slick pussy. A insidious hum slips across his lips, and his slowly begins to pump against me. 

I cry out, both from divine pleasure and in pain. Suddenly it feels as though Hell is going to rip open, my body the portal between words. Two slits along my spine begin to part, and a pair of horned leathery wings unfold from behind me. He thrusts his fingers into me, stretching me with a third. I buck wildly, losing myself in the blistering sensation. I feel my fangs descend as my transformation culminates. He licks the tiny white points, then sucks my tongue into his hungry mouth. Wrapping my arms around his neck I meet his rhythm with my bucking hips. I bite the tip of his tongue, blood mixing in our kiss. He returns the gesture and takes my lower lip between his teeth. Scarlet life stains our mouths. 

The moment is broken by a nearby shuffle. We glace further down the alleyway to see a young woman, dressed in a white apron and trousers. I assume she must work in the restaurant's kitchen. She turns to run, but without another thought, I have taken flight. I tackle her, rolling us into the shadows. My companion is at my heels. She looks afraid, and this does nothing but fuel my blood lust. For a long moment I look into her eyes, and then pounce, biting deeply into her neck. It's cliché, but it really is the best place to draw out the blood. My fangs deliver a near lethal dose of poison, enough to render her unconscious, but not to kill her. I move away, offering the tender delight to him. Lapping at the pooling blood aside the still young woman's body I can see the excitement coursing down his spine. When he is done, he looks up at me, his back arched as if prepared to attack. But instead his eyes look out of the entrance to the narrow alley and into to the sky beyond.

I follow his gaze to see the sun nearly covered by the greedy moon. In a single movement I am rolled onto all fours, facing the darkening horizon. He is soon behind me, his hands pushing my dress roughly over my hips with bloodied hands. Inhaling, I brace myself as the evening air rushes against my skin, the sound of tearing fabric is followed by my panties falling into shreds between my knees. I hear the familiar tick-tick of a zipper opening hastily. My juicy pussy lips are gently parted by the thick head of his hot cock. No matter how furiously the hellacious fires blaze inside of me, he is always hotter. Tonight, as he plunges into me, burying himself completely with in my quivering sex it's like he's exploding into a supernova. Sweat breaks out into tiny beads all over my skin and my mouth turns dry.

Pulling out almost entirely, he slams into me again and I cannot keep the screams behind my teeth any longer. I push back, trying to take him deeper. I need him deeper. Grasping my wings roughly he starts an impossible pace, howling crassly into the sky. Tears stream down my face as my pussy swells around him, juices pouring down the insides of my thighs. The taste of blood on my lips, that otherworldly cock buried in my cunt and the cresting the solar eclipse fills every fiber of my being with a passion I fear will never release me. I'm so hungry for more.

He pulls me back as he shifts back onto his heels, and I balance precariously on my sharp stilettos. I continue to ride him as he pulls the top of my dress down, my breasts spilling out vulgarly. Had the sky not grown dark, and nearly all of the light from the heavens pulled into the eclipse's corona, any passerby would see our ravenous fucking. At this thought I ride him harder, reaching up and tugging roughly at my nipples. I twist them viciously. His hands are grasping my wings again, but now so close to where they emerge from my human skin. It feels raw and electric. I look down to see the thick shaft of his cock plunging into me, my pussy red and hunger. I consider, perhaps, that I am actually devouring him instead.

With the side of his face he pushes my head, exposing my neck to his mouth. He begins to nibble along the line of my jugular, and I feel another flood of wetness seep from my swollen cunt. Slipping a hand between us he swirls his fingers in the bountiful moisture he finds there. With copious amounts of my juices on his fingers he smears is around the pucker of my anus, probing the tight entrance momentarily. Then with another deep thrust of his cock into my pussy, he pushes two fingers inside of my ass. The sensation is overwhelming; my muscles constrict around his digits. 

He lifts my hips, his cock slipping from my now flooded sex. Removing his fingers he guides the thick head of his erection just inside the snug ring of my anus. Impatient with his tenderness I arch back, forcing his entire length inside of me. Instantly I am burning brighter than I could ever imagine. I am aroused at the knowledge that my legs are spread wide, the lips of my cunt spread like a glistening butterfly in the night air. Thrusting deeply into my ass I feel his shaft swell slightly. I know he cannot hold back for much longer. I tug violently at the tender tips of my nipples, crying wildly. He slips two, then three fingers into my cunt, and I devour them. I hump his hand wantonly as he plunders my asshole with abandon. Without warning, his teeth sink into my neck.

My climax seems to start between my ears, my face is numb. Then I cannot breath as a cold inferno overtakes my body. I fuck his fingers and cock as if their pleasure is keeping me alive. As my blood floods his mouth I suddenly feel like I am inside of him. As my orgasm surges through my core, pulling his fingers deeper inside of me, a molten surge of hot cum floods my ass; and then I can feel all of his essence inside of me. He arches his back, slamming into me at a tempo that no human could achieve. Then an Earth-shattering howl bellows from deep inside of his chest. Through my climatic haze I watch the hot white flash of the eclipse explode on the horizon, the last sliver of sun falling into darkness.

The ground suddenly feels cold as I lay exhausted beneath my equally weary companion. But we cannot linger. My wings, now snuggly folded, started to tuck themselves inside their secret slits. I look at him, no traces of his silver fur remain, just the darkened shadow of a very human beard. A moment of tenderness washes over me, and I press a long kiss into his hair. I can feel him smile against my shoulder, before he yanks us both up on to our feet. Though unsteady, we scurry away from the scene and the young woman who will be rising soon, taking advantage of the newly fallen darkness. No one pays much attention to us, the dwindling crowds still atwitter about the strange celestial phenomenon. As we reach the safety of my home, I glance over my shoulder once more towards to horizon, knowing we will soon turn again under the full moon.