 The Surveillance mission

Once the creatures had retreated back into the forest, Kristie had decided to follow Kyle and Krystal back into their house. She explained that even though she needed to remain in her house, she just felt safer close to him. He couldn't argue with her on that since he really didn't fully understand what worked against them so the three decided to sleep in the same bed just in case.

Sleep came harder that night than before for Kyle. He kept running the events of the second night through his head. The creature had seen Krystal through the window. Once he had left the house, it had chased her out behind him, but how? Katie had run out of her house in fear. That much he understood. The creatures didn't attack her until she left the porch, but Krystal already had one behind her when she jumped off the porch to escape.

He looked to both sides of him at the women who didn't seem to have had the same problem falling asleep as him. They were both quite beautiful in their different ways. 

Krystal was dark skinned with obvious Hispanic genes in her and had the muscular frame of someone who lived sports for as long as she could probably remember. Her athletic abilities might come in handy if Kyle could find a way to fight back at these things, but her fear would hold him back from asking her for help.

Katie was fair skinned with blond hair and curves in all the right places. Her large breasts pressed against his body as she breathed deeply in her sleep. She had an accent that sounded like she might be from the West coast, but he was always terrible at guessing where people come from. All he knew was that she was too frightened of the monsters to help combat them.

Light began to leak through the window and Kyle knew that the day was nearly upon them. He didn't have time to waste if he wanted to go into the woods and look for those things. His stomach began to growl as he thought about the group's lack of food. He quietly stepped out of the house and walked down the dirt path toward the other side of the village. 

He approached Gavin's house and softly knocked on the door, hoping to not wake the angry little redheaded woman up. That woman was incredibly hot, but so was her temper. He didn't want to get on her bad side. She might scare him even more than the monsters.

The door opened and Gavin stepped out of the house and closed the door behind him.

"How'd it go last night?" He asked as the two stepped off of the porch.

Kyle told him about everything that had happened overnight. He tried to his best to remember everything to the exact detail so that they could figure out how to combat these nightly visitors.

"The real question is whether it's just you or if it works with anybody," Gavin finally stated as he looked around. The shadows of the night were nearly gone and the morning was upon them. 

Kyle looked toward the treeline.

"I'm going into the forest today," he told Gavin, not looking away from the forest. "I watched those things run back in last night so I think I have an idea of which direction to follow.

"That sounds extremely dangerous," Gavin said with concern in his voice. "What if those things are still active in there? What do you plan on doing if you find them?"

"To be honest I'm not sure," Kyle admitted with a shrug. "But We've spent the last two nights surviving against things and I'm the type of man who fights back. I don't like hiding."

"I understand that," Gavin said with a chuckle. "You shouldn't go in alone."

"I don't know who would go in with me," Kyle admitted as he could see people exiting their houses and looking around. 

"Go with you where?" Eliza asked as she and Joe approached them. 

"Kyle wants to go looking for those things in the forest today," Gavin explained to the two as they stepped up to the discussion. "I was telling him that he shouldn't go alone."

"You know where they went?" Joe asked as he narrowed his eyes. "If we can find a way to beat the shit out of those things then I'm all in."

"I'm not going to let you two go on without me," Eliza stated with her arms crossed. "I'm in too."

"Well, that settles it I guess," Gavin said as a scream caused all four to look toward a house in the center of the village.

Kyle ran toward a woman who was standing in front of a sign, covering her mouth with an open hand in shock.

"What is it?" Kyle asked as he closed the ground between them. He looked to see that the other three people he was talking to had followed him. Joe appeared ready for any kind of action. Kyle understood. It felt strange being so helpless. Maybe that's why he was wanting to follow the creatures as well. He just needed to do something.

"Look," the woman gasped.

Both names were scratched out of the sign.

"There was a man that stayed here alone last night," Gavin explained as he pressed his fingers to his temples and began massaging his head. "Looks like last night wasn't as good to us as we initially thought.

"We need to go quickly," Kyle stated as he turned the other two members that had volunteered to follow him. "We need to find those things before nightfall if we can."

"What do we plan on doing when we find them exactly?" Eliza asked. It was a legitimate question considering they were all risking their lives on this mission. 

Kyle opened his mouth and was about to explain that he wasn't sure when the same woman who had spotted the sign interrupted him from inside the house.

"Guys," she screamed. "Come here and check this out!"

They ran into the house to find it filled with food. There were cans of preserved fruit and even bread on a breadboard setting out. This was strange indeed. 

"You think it's safe?" Kyle asked Gavin as they looked around at the abundance of foods and jugs of beverages setting about.

"It's safer than starving to death," he finally stated as he stepped out of the house and starting calling everyone over.

The entire population, which was down to fifteen by their count, found their way into the house and were talking and laughing with one another as they stuffed their faces with the food. Kyle, Joe, and Eliza grabbed just enough to quickly fill them up before stepping back out of the house. 

"Survey mission," Joe finally said, which broke the silence as the three stopped on the porch. 

"What?" Eliza asked as she tore a piece of bread off in her mouth.

"We are going to find those things and obverse everything about them that we can without getting noticed. Once we have our information we will make our way back here before nightfall and survive tonight."

Kyle nodded his head in agreement as he stared in the direction they were about to walk. "Then we come up with a plan to beat these fuckers in the morning."

"Sounds like you guys have everything planned out then," Gavin said as he exited the house and walked up to them. "Please be careful. I'd rather not have to deal with all of this without you."

Kyle nodded again and stepped off of the porch. Joe and Eliza followed him.

Hours of silent walking passed as the three walked straight north through the never-ending forest. The walk went by uneventful and the danger in the reality had all walking in complete silence as they scanned their eyes around for signs of those creatures. 

A faint scratching noise caused Kyle to look up. He saw one of the creatures hanging upside down from a tree branch. It appeared to be sleeping. He gestured for the other two to look up as he started seeing the things everywhere.

Joe's eyes narrowed in anger at the sight of the things and Eliza's eyes shot wide open in fear. Kyle gestured for them to keep going the way they were and then they nodded in agreement.

They approached the end of the tree line to find another village spread out almost identical to the one they were living in. Kyle dropped down on his belly and looked at the houses to see if he might find others like him.

The village seemed empty at first, but then he noticed movement in one of the windows. He gestured for them to stay behind as he stood up and dashed to the window that he had seen something in.

He looked at him as he reached the house to see that Joe and Eliza were still there watching him. He pressed his forehead against the glass of the window and used his hands to block the sun from the sides to see an empty and dark bedroom. There had to be someone in there! 

He looked back and gestured for his friends to stay before walking around the house and up the porch. He turned the doorknob to find it unlocked and stepped inside before closing the door behind him. The house was dark, but there was enough light from the sun coming through the windows for him to see perfectly fine. There was nobody in the living room or kitchen so he walked down the hallway.

He gently pushed the bathroom door open to find it empty and turned to the bedroom door. He pushed it open and felt a sharp pain on the side of his head as his legs gave out from under him. 

Someone jumped on top of him and he could feel hands wrap around his throat and squeeze. He opened his eyes to see a woman straddled over him with a face of determination. He grabbed her wrists and twisted, causing her grip to fail before he rolled her over on her back and pinned her hands to the floor.

"Who are you?" He demanded as she squirmed in an attempt to get free. "Where are we?"

The woman grunted as she tried to throw her knee up into him, but he shifted and blocked her attack with his leg before slamming her hands back to the floor.

"I don't want to hurt you," he told her. "I'm trying to figure out what's happening to us."

"Where did you come from?" She finally spoke after giving up attempts to escape. "You didn't come from here. I'm the last."

"The last?" He asked as he slowly released his grip on her. "What do you mean?

"This whole place was occupied before," she explained as she pushed herself up against the wall. "Those things began taking us immediately."

"Us too," he admitted as he looked out the window. "So you're the last one here?'

"For a long time," she explained. She looked tired and carried an almost animal-like quality to her. He guessed that came naturally when surviving such a hostile world on your own for a long time.

He looked the woman up and down, observing her features for the first time. Her light brown hair was wild and unkempt. Her body was thin but healthy and she had a tattoo sleeve running up one arm and over her shoulder.

"I have survivors with me," he explained to her. "There are fifteen of us still alive back at the other village."

"There's another village?" She asked with wide eyes. "How have you guys survived together?"

"We haven't been," he admitted as he looked out the window to see Joe and Eliza still there at the treeline, looking uncomfortable. He couldn't leave them hanging so he pushed the window open and gestured for them to come down.

"You brought them?" She asked as she walked to the window and looked out in the direction he was looking.

"Only two others are with me," he admitted. "The rest stayed behind."

"We were starting to worry about you Kyle," Eliza said as she and Joe made it to the opened window. "What the hell have you been doing?!"

"This is Eliza," Kyle said as he moved over so that the woman could look through the window more easily. "And this is Joe. I'm Kyle by the way."

"Nice to meet you," the woman said with a small smile. "I'm Natasha."

Kyle saw the woman's back for the first time and was shocked to see that the back of her shirt had a gash in it with a scar of scratch marks moving diagonally down her back. She had been through a lot and was still alive. There was hope for his group after all.

"Would you like to come back with us?" Kyle asked, causing her to look at him. "We have plenty of room and you wouldn't have to be alone."

"You don't understand the rules?" She asked as she looked at all three people. "We must stay in our own homes at night."

"Unless you have sex," Eliza corrected her. "Kyle figured that out the first night. If he has sex with someone then the creatures can't see him or the other person."

"It happened again last night," Kyle agreed, bringing a shocked expression from Eliza.

"Who?" She asked as an expression of anger flashed over her face.

"Krystal and Kristi," he answered. Eliza's facial expression melted back to normal as she took the information in. "I had to and it worked."

"Sex seems to be the drive of these things," Natasha agreed. "I've come up with my own ways of surviving though."

"Please," Eliza said as she leaned in the window to look at the woman. "Tell us how?"

Natasha looked away before speaking. "Night will be here soon. You must make your way back to your village if you don't want to get caught in the dark."

Had time slipped away that quickly? Kyle looked beyond Eliza to see that the shadows were already starting to stretch across the ground. Natasha was right. They had to leave now in order to get back to their village.

"Guys," he started. "We have to go."

"Okay then," Eliza said as she pulled away from the window. "I don't know why she couldn't just tell us what she knows."

Kyle placed his hands on the window before turning to Natasha. She was standing in the shadows and waiting for him to leave.

"I'll come back and check on you soon," he offered before crawling out and catching up with Joe and Eliza. He looked back toward the house as Natasha quietly closed the window behind them and walked out of view to somewhere in the house.

Kyle, Joe, and Eliza quickly and quietly rushed through the forest as they could hear the creatures begin to stir in the treetops just above them. They began to make that whispering noises and just when the three had almost made it out of their nest, one dropped from the trees and landed right in front of them. 

They stopped and stood motionless as the creature opened its eyes. It's focus landed on them and a toothy smile stretched across its face.

"What are we going to do?" Eliza asked as Kyle and Joe stood in silence. 

Eliza looked at both men and shrugged just before she placed a hand on both of their crotches. They turned to look at her and she dropped to her knees. Both Kyle and Joe pulled their pants down and kicked them out of the way as she yanked on their cocks.

She looked up at Kyle as she took his dick in her mouth and began licking around the shaft as it grew to fully erect. She started jerking him off as she shifted over to take Joe's in next. 

Another creature dropped down and knocked the three to the ground, causing her to release their cocks in the fall. The creatures were both looking down at them and one started to screech. 

Kyle pulled her pants down as she finished by kicking them out of the way. He rolled her over on Joe, where she slid her hips until Joe's dick was inside of her. One of the creatures reached down and tried to grab Kyle so he did the only thing he could think of at that moment. 

Kyle hopped behind Eliza and pressed his dick against her asshole. She screamed as he pushed himself inside of her. He pushed and pulled in her ass, causing her to ride Joe's cock as well. 

"This is new," she cried in what sounded like was pleasure. Kyle continued to push and pull in and out of her ass as Joe began thrusting his hips up and down to match the rhythmic pounding. 

"I'm going to cum," Joe shouted as his thrusting quickened.

Eliza screamed as her cunt was filled up with Joe's spunk, but Kyle wasn't done yet. He maintained his pounding in her ass. Her screams increased as her ass excepted him every time. He gripped her hips and increased his pounding. She sat up and reached back to grab Kyle's neck as she pressed her lips to his. Her asshole squeezed his throbbing cock as he hammered her over and over again.

Looking around him, Kyle could see that the creatures were still looking in his direction. All of the other times they had seemed to lost visual of him, but this time it was like they were waiting for him to finish. 

"What's wrong?" He heard Eliza ask through quick and deep breaths. 

One of the creatures pulled its arm back and swung widely, connecting with Kyle's chest and throwing him through the air behind him. He could hear Eliza scream, but the shadows had grown too long and dark for him to make out anything other than her form, which was still on top of Joe.

The creatures ran toward him. He got to his feet and began running back to Natasha's village, but he knew he would never make it. He turned sharply and used a tree to spring off of as he dashed into the darkness of the forest. The creatures screeched at each other as they chased him down. They were faster. They were stronger. He wouldn't be able to get away and he knew it.

He looked around in the dark for something that he could use as a weapon, but it was just too dark to see anything. The screeches were all around him. He was surrounded! He tripped over something and landed on the ground with a hard thud before rolling over on his back. He felt his hand touch a large stick and thought it was worth a try.

Using the stick like a club he swung as hard as he could. It connected and he heard one of the creatures cry out in pain as it fell over to the ground. He rose above the thing and held the stick above his head. The monster raised its hands to try and stop him, but he swung it between its grasp and connected directly with its face. A grotesque sound of wood on bone and flesh rang out as the other screeches got closer. He swung the stick down over and over again until the thing stopped moving. It just lied there motionless. 

He felt a sharp pain in his side followed by warmth running down. One of the creatures had slammed its claws into him. It picked him up, squeezing its grip so tightly that he could feel his ribs about to break. 

"Stop," he heard a woman's voice call from somewhere deep in the surrounding shadows. "Bring him to my home."

Something struck him over the head and his vision turned to bright stars. He tried to shake the pain away, but another strike over his head caused his thoughts to dull. The last thing he remembered as the creature carried him away somewhere was the sounds of Joe and Eliza calling his name from somewhere in the distance.

***

Natasha could hear the screams from the forest just beyond her house as she looked out the open door. The whispers were getting louder and she knew just what she needed to do in order to survive the night. 

At first it was uncomfortable, but lately, she had grown to enjoy her nights. Lately, she looked forward to the dark.

The tall pale figure of one of the beasts stepped into her vision as it moved up the porch in the strange way that they all moved. She smiled as she held her arms out. She could feel the breeze of the night on her naked flesh as the creature slowly approached. 

It stopped and looked at her with a smile on its face. She felt its tongue slide up the side of her cheek and tickle her ear as its massive hands gently traced up her back. Their claws were sharper than any knife she had ever known, but they were usually really good about not cutting her. 

She looked down as its monstrous cock sprang from its flesh. She loved the way the thing vibrated inside of her. It wrapped its hand around her mid-section and picked her up into the air before pressing its too big rod against her dripping wet pussy.

She moaned in pleasure as she could feel it splitting her open, pushing her pussy to its limit as it began vibrating inside. Gently she was lowered down until half of it was inside of her. That was as much as she could take. They never pushed beyond that either. They were quite considerate when you looked at them in the right light.

Her body pulsed with pleasure as it began fucking her. She looked deep into its eyes. They were practically glowing in their purity. She felt it run its fingers down her back and between the crack of her ass. Her eyes went wide as she felt one of its fingers push inside of her asshole. They had never done that before! This was new.
