 The Turning Point

Eliza ran as hard as she could through the black night. She held her hands out to feel her way through the forest as Joe ran beside her. The strange whispers from the creatures surrounded them as the things jumped from tree trunk to tree trunk toward the village. She knew they were getting close when she heard one of the things screech and a member of their village screamed in shock and horror.

"I hope they stay in their houses tonight," she said to Joe while they ran out of the treeline to see their village spread out before them. 

"I'm not so sure that works," Joe stated as he stopped at the dirt path as he looked around.

Eliza stopped beside him and watched as the strange things of the night danced around each house, looking through the windows. They seemed to know exactly where to look. Maybe Joe was right. Maybe that wasn't what the signs were for.

"I'm not sure on this, but I think the signs are there more for labels," he explained. "Kind of like naming departments at a store."

"We are just objects to them?" Eliza asked as she watched one creature crash through the window of a house followed by a woman's scream.

Eliza and Joe watched in horror as a woman ran from her door and stumbled off of the porch, landing in a roll on the ground. She tried to get up and continue to run, but the creature was already out of the house and standing above her with its arms stretching down to grab her.

"Come on," Eliza ordered as she slapped the back of Joe's arm. "We have to get to her. We have to save her!"

Joe followed her as she ran down the path toward the screaming woman. She bent down by her and grabbed her shoulder to get her attention.

"Suck his dick," Eliza ordered the woman, bringing a shocked expression from her face.

"I don't think now is the right time for this," the woman said as she looked around to see more of the things approaching. "We have some more important matters at hand here."

"They can't see you if you have a sexual encounter," Eliza explained as Joe approached, looking just as shocked by Eliza's demands. "Joe, take off your pants."

Eliza heard another scream and looked over to see another villager get grabbed by one of the creatures and pulled into the night. People were running out of their houses everywhere. Everyone was trying to find a place to escape to. She looked back over to see Joe sitting on his knees with his erection in the woman's mouth as she worked her tongue up and down his shaft. 

With a nod of satisfaction, Eliza dashed off to find another woman running. She screamed for her and caught her attention. 

"Come here," Eliza ordered the woman. As she got closer, Eliza recognized her as Kyle's roommate. "Krystal, go help that other woman with Joe."

"Help with what?" Krystal asked as she looked behind her to see one of the things heading her way.

"Take turns sucking him off," Eliza told her before running toward another scream.

She was going to save as many people as she could. 

***

"Something's wrong," Gavin stated as he looked out the window to see people dashing out of their homes everywhere. "Why aren't they staying inside?"

"Maybe they're fucking stupid," Holly suggested as she looked out the same window. "I can't really think of another reason to leave the only safe place you have."

Gavin wasn't so convinced. Something was driving them from their homes. Something was guiding them out into the open.

A sound of breaking wood and glass caused him and Holly to spin around and face the back of the house. One of the things had busted in and he could see just enough of the thing to see it was smiling.

"Holly," he whispered. 

"What," she whispered back sounding terrified. 

"There's one thing that I've heard from Kyle that works against these things," he started. He didn't exactly know how Holly would take his information, but it was the only thing he could think of to try.

"What?" She demanded. 

The creature moved forward.

"He said that sexual acts causes you to turn invisible to these things," he waited for what felt like hours until Holly finally replied."

"What the fuck is wrong with you?!" She shouted. "Are you that hard up for some ass that you would just try something like that with me?!"

"No," he started. The creature was in the living room with them at this point. "Look, Kyle has tried it multiple times and said it was the only thing that saved him in the past two nights."

"Let me tell you this one thing," she started. He could feel her finger poking him on the arm as she spoke. "I am a million times out of your league and if you want to try something like that then I suggest you try it with one of those skanks out there." 

"Good idea," Gavin said as he turned and ran out the front door. He looked around to see people running in a panic as the creatures were everywhere. He could see some people getting knocked down and dragged into the night. He looked over and could make out a small pack of people lying on the dirt path against each other. 

He ran toward the group of people as he heard Holly scream in horror behind him. She wasn't out of his league now. 

As he got closer to the group of people he noticed three women taking turns as they performed oral sex on him. 

"Gavin," Eliza called to him from the side as she ran up to him. "I'm glad you're ok."

"You too," he said as he looked around. "Where's Kyle?"

Eliza's looked down in defeat before she spoke. "They got him."

"I can't hold back much longer," he heard Joe grunt and looked over to see the three women working furiously on his cock. "I'm going to cum!"

"What did you find?" Gavin asked as the screams of the remaining villagers diminished into the forest. "Can we beat them?"

"I don't know," Eliza admitted as she looked around. "We found them sleeping in the treetops and found another village north of us."

"Another village?!" That could be just what they need. Another group to work with.

"An empty village," Eliza clarified. "Well, empty except for one strange woman."

"Maybe we could..." Gavin was interrupted by a giant claw wrapping around him and yanking him into the shadows. 

He could hear Eliza screaming for him, but within seconds he was surrounded by trees. Around him, he could hear other people crying for their lives as the creatures seemed to be taking them somewhere together. As hard as he tried, he couldn't make out any shapes other than trees. 

He was going to die on this night. He should have had sex with Eliza before conversing with her. He could have asked her his questions just as easily with his dick in her, but it was too late for that kind of thinking. 

"Please no," he heard one of the villagers scream just as he felt the creature let go of him. He felt himself falling a pretty great distance until he landed hard on the ground. He looked around to see others dropping around him. 

As he stood up he noticed that they were all being dropped in a giant hole in the ground. He tried to climb up the sides, but the walls of the hole seemed to be made of slick stone. There was no way up. 

At least he wasn't dead yet.

***

Joe looked down at the three women sharing his cock. They would take turns putting it in their mouths while the others would continue to like the base. He was trying to hold his orgasm back, but he wouldn't last much longer. The good news was that the creatures seemed to be fleeing back into the forest though so maybe releasing wasn't such a bad idea afterall. 

"I'm cumming," he warned just before his dick shot his sticking cum out like a cannon. He could feel the women licking on his cock afterwards, licking up as much as they could get. 

"You did good," Eliza whispered to him as she sat on her knees next to him. The other women rolled over on the ground.

"I hope it was enough," he said as he looked around the empty village. "Is this all that's left?"

"I believe so," Eliza said sadly. "I tried to get as many as I could, but those things were relentless. I watched one come from the shadows and pull Gavin away."

Joe's eyes shot wide open. He was the last man left in the village?

"We need to stick together for the rest of the night," he suggested as he stood up, grabbing his pants as he walked toward the nearest house. 

"That sounds like a good plan," Eliza said as she stood up to follow him. "We can take turns keeping watch until daylight."

***

Kyle woke up on a bed with his wrists and ankles tied to each corner. He looked around to see that he wasn't in a room, but in the middle of the forest. He could see lights dancing around him everywhere as lit candles were placed in stands for as far as he could see.

"You're awake," he heard a sharp feminine voice call from behind him. "Good, we have much to discuss."

He watched as a woman walked around to the side of the bed and into view. 

Her skin was dark red with long glowing tattoos stretching up her entire body and her eyes glowed white with no pupils. She had black bat-like wings folded behind her shoulder blades and long curved black horns that stuck through her long and wavy white hair. 

"I bet you have so many questions don't you?" She purred with a smile. Her canine teeth were long and sharp. 

What was she?

"Who are you?" He managed to ask once he digested the woman. Her body was the absolute perfect build for seduction, which caused him to have to force his words from his mouth. Her large breasts and perfect hourglass figure had him in a daze. 

"Riggon," she stated simply as she placed on knee on the bed.

He stared down her perfect body, which was barely covered by a low-cut tight black dress. She crawled onto the bed and threw one of her legs over him until she was setting on her lap. He could feel his growing cock pressed down against his stomach by her crotch.

"This is my island," she said as she leaned down and placed her lips next to his ear. "And I have an offer to make you."

***

Gavin tried his best to calm everyone around him down, but it wasn't working. Panic had set in and there was nothing that he could do or say to change that. As he looked around at the frightened people he heard a voice call to him in anger.

"You left me," he turned to see Holly staring at him. Her small frame looked bigger by the way she was holding herself in her angry stance.

"I had no choice," he said apologetically. 

"Fuck you," she shouted as he felt her hand smack his face so hard that he felt tears well up in his eyes. "I wouldn't have sex with you and you left me to die."

"It wasn't like that at all," he tried to explain, but she wasn't having it. She turned from him and walked to the other side of the hole.

The screaming became louder as one of the creatures dropped into the hole and looked around. Its eyes stopped on a man and in one motion, the thing grabbed the man and leapt back out of the hole, with the man's scream slowly fading away.

"We need to group up together and fight the next one that drops down here," Gavin told the crowd, but they were too afraid to listen.

***

Eliza looked away from the window to the four people sleeping on the floor of the same room that she was in. It had been her watch for a little over an hour and she had seen nothing. Joe was lying on his back as the blond woman, she believed her name was Katie, was curled up against him. The two other women were lying a bit away from each other on the other side of the room. 

What was going to happen? Were all the people taken dead? Would she ever see Kyle again? Poor Gavin.

"It's my turn," she heard Joe state as he approached her. "Have you seen anything?

Eliza shook her head. "Haven't seen anything. I believe they're gone."

"We need to have a plan for tomorrow," he explained as he sat down next to Eliza and looked out the window. "There are only five of us left."

"We need to go back for Kyle," she stated.

"Kyle is dead Eliza," Joe said. She looked over to him to see that he had nothing but sorrow in his eyes as he said that. She couldn't bring herself to snap at him and just shook her head.

"Maybe," she stated after a long moment of thinking on the subject. "But I'll rest better if I at least try to find him."

"You shouldn't go alone," he said as he placed his large hand on her shoulder.

"I have no choice Joe," she said as she looked into his eyes. "You have to stay here with what little people we have left. You'll have to be here just in case I'm not able to make it back by night fall."

Joe looked away from her. He knew what it meant if she didn't make it back. 

"I'll be careful," she promised.

***

There were only a few people left in the hole as Gavin tried to keep count. Every few minutes one of the creatures would drop down and take someone back out. He wondered where they were taking them.

Were these creatures eating the people? Were these creatures killing the people?

"I'm scared," he heard Holly say to him as she sat down next to him with her back pressed against the stone wall of their prison. "What's happening?"

"I don't know," he admitted as he stretched an arm around her shoulders for comfort. "I'm scared too."

"I'm sorry," she finally said. He looked over to see her staring at him with tears in her eyes. "I get really defensive sometimes and say things without thinking. I didn't mean it."

"It's okay," he offered a smile. "Giving what I was asking of you, I don't blame your reaction at all."

She laid her head over against her chest.

"You are a sweet man," she said.

Another creature dropped in the hole and looked around. 

"Wait," Holly said in shock. "No, don't do this."

The creature turned and looked directly at Gavin. His heart began to pound out of control. This was it! It was his turn.

"Stay strong Holly," he told her as the thing reached down after him. 

"Wait," Holly cried. 

Holly reached down and pulled the button of his pants until they ripped open. She grabbed his cock and dropped her mouth on it immediately causing him to jolt in shock. 

"I have to try," she mumbled as she took him in her mouth. 

Gavin looked up at the creature to see it was smiling at them. It reached down and wrapped its hand around him, pulling him up and then leapt into the air with Holly's screams of anger and fright disappearing as it took him somewhere fast.

It stopped at a large stone fountain with candles lit all around and dropped him in the water. He splashed as he stood up and looked around to see that there were hundreds of the creatures watching him.

Something grabbed his foot and he looked down to see black vines growing up from the water and twirling up his legs. He tried to pull his legs free, but the grip was too strong. 

"What is this?!" He shouted at the beasts. "What do you want from us?!"

The vines were growing past his chest and he could feel it constricting him. His breaths were hard to find as the vines slide up to the top of his head and stopped. He could feel more vines growing up and soon his entire body was covered.

He could feel his humanity being sucked out and replaced with something else. Something sinister. Screaming was no good, for no sounds were escaping his mouth. 

Pain followed as he felt his bones being stretched and his flesh being dried out. 

For what felt like an eternity, but in reality was only a few minutes, the vines vibrated around his entire head and body as he tried to scream. 

Finally he was released.

As the vines let go of him, he leapt into the air and dug his fingers into a nearby tree as he attempted to get away from the creatures. They didn't pursue him as he ran out of the area. It must have turned daylight while he was in the vines for he could see perfectly clear now. He must have been in there for longer than he had thought.

He made his way toward the hole that he was pulled from. Holly had to be there and he would save her. He had to.

He looked down the hole to see that Holly was the last one there. He called to her and she looked up at him. Her eyes shot wide open and she screamed.

He dropped down the hole and grabbed her. 

That's when he noticed.

His hands were large and white with giant claws. 

She struggled against his grip as she cried, but he didn't let her go. He had turned into one of the creatures, but he still maintained his thoughts and emotions. 

Was it some kind of mistake?

He leapt out of the hole with Holly still in his grasp and ran through the forest with her screaming and beating on him.

"Let go of me," she screamed as he made his way back toward the village. If he could get her back then he at least did some good.

He could see where the treeline ended up ahead. The creatures weren't following him. He made it back!

He realized that it must still be the middle of the night, for he could see Eliza and Joe peeking out the window as they kept watch. 

"What the fuck are you doing?!" Holly shouted as she realized that he was taking her back to the village. "Is this some kind of trick?"

Gavin looked around him as he approached the house that Eliza and Joe were in. Maybe it was some kind of trick. Maybe they had intentionally left his brain the same to finish the village off once and forall.

Four figures approached from the treeline as he held Holly up to the window.

"Joe," he heard Eliza shout. "One of them has Holly!"

The creatures were closing the ground between them quickly. He had to do something in order to save Holly. He looked back at the window and slammed his free hand through the glass right before throwing the screaming Holly through. He heard her body slap against the two people inside as they caught her.

He turned to stare down the four creatures as they grimaced in anger at him.

This was going to be interesting.