 The Demon Queen

Kyle struggled against the straps on his wrists and ankles, but they were too strong. 

"Oh don't fight it," the demon on top of him teased as she placed her red hands on his chest and gently squeezed. He could feel her fingernails dig into his flesh just enough to leave red lines. "That'd be no fun for either of us."

Her face turned dangerously serious as she sat back up on his lap. He could feel her pussy pressed against the back of his cock as she adjusted her weight around. 

"What do you want with me?" He asked as he finally gave up trying to pull free. 

"Now there's a big question with an even bigger answer," she laughed. "Let's start with what I want from the others shall we?" Her black bat-like wings fluttered quickly before folding again behind her back as she stared into his eyes with a smile stretched across her face.

"Okay," he said as he looked around to see that none of those creatures were in sight. Maybe she preferred privacy when taunting men like this. Maybe she wanted him all to herself. For some reason that frightened him more.

"I exist through the strength of my magic," she began once she gathered her thoughts together for her explanation. "I gain strength through the lustful souls of those around me. I feed off of their sex." She shifted her hips around so that he could feel her pussy wet the back of his cock. She felt amazing.

"When the humans around me reach orgasm I am able to absorb their souls," she leaned down and slid her tongue up the side of his ear before whispering the rest. "I use them as a fuel."

"What proposal do you have for me then?" Kyle asked as he closed his eyes. Her tongue sent passionate chills down his spine. He was finding it difficult to keep focus. 

"You can think of me as a queen," she said while setting back up. "Queen Riggan. I like the sound of that actually. I am your queen and you are my knight."

"You don't seem to need protecting," Kyle said as he shook his thoughts of sex from his head. "What exactly do you need me as a knight for?"

"I can give you powers to aid you in your quest for me," she purred as she slid down his legs, freeing his cock. "You will gather souls for me and I will reward you greatly."

"And if I say no?" He asked as she lied on her belly over his legs with his cock in her face. "What will happen then?"

"Well," she began as she traced her fingers up the back of his dick, never taking her eyes off of his. "Things will turn out pretty bad for you and the others."

Riggan lowered her head and slid her long pointed tongue up the back of his dick. He could feel the chills of pleasure enter him everywhere her tongue touched. She lifted his dick up with her tongue before lowering her head down, taking him in her mouth one time. Her black horns shined as the reflection of the flickering candles shined off of them. She pulled her head back up, dropping his dick from her mouth and smiled up at him.

"You would pass up a great opportunity and I will have no choice but to turn the rest of your people into mindless workers for me," she explained as her hand wrapped around the base of his dick and applied pressure. "The only thing that would happen to me would be that it would take a bit longer to find my knight."

Kyle didn't know what to say. He wasn't sure how he could get out of this. He couldn't believe what was happening. A demon held onto his cock and offered him powers beyond anything that he ever thought could be real. He could either join her and take on the responsibility of luring souls in for her to feast on or he could turn her down and all of the people that he had been trying to protect would turn into monsters.

"I'll do it," he finally said not knowing of a way to have a better outcome. 

"Wise decision," Riggan said with a smile just before lowering her head back down. She pressed her lips to the back of his cock and ran them up until she reached the tip. He let out a moan as she took him in her mouth again and pushed down until he could feel the back of her throat. 

"You're going to love this," she teased as she rose up from his rod and crawled up the bed. "You just wait."

She sat down on his cock again, but this time she grabbed it and aimed it into her hot pussy. Her eyes began to glow brighter as she took him inside. Her wings spread out as if wanting to take flight and her moan called out to the night sky.

He could feel something surging through his body. A strength like none other that he had ever felt rushed through his muscles. She lifted her hips up to drop down on his dick once more, sending more energy flowing through his body. He could feel her around him. He could feel her desires. He could feel her giving and taking from him. 

She was his queen and he knew what she needed. She was his queen and he knew what had to be done.

He felt her pussy getting tighter and looked down to see that his dick was growing larger than he thought possible. She screamed as her nails dug into his flesh. 

His red flesh?

His skin was turning red like hers as the black of the shadows begin to brighten so that he could see further and make out details that he previously couldn't. 

"That's it," she screamed as she dropped down on his still-growing cock again. 

He felt a sharp pain in two spots of his head and realized that he was growing horns like hers. Glowing lines started appearing on his flesh as he began thrusting his hips upward so that he pounded into her harder than previously. 

She screamed in pleasure as he ripped his arms free, snapping the holds like they were mere paper, and grabbed her ass to slam her down even harder. She lowered herself down and pressed her mouth to his. He could feel her long tongue enter his mouth and he danced his tongue with hers.

"That's it," she cried as he felt her hot, tight pussy pulsate around him. She was cumming! 

He wouldn't be too far behind her. His queen needed to be pleased.

He slammed his cock into her womb as hard and fast as he could. Her body jolted with every motion as her breasts jiggled back and forth. Her nails dug deeper into him as he felt her cunt sucking on him.

"I'm going to cum," he warned.

"Do it," she screamed as he could hear the slapping sounds of flesh on flesh. Her wings were fluttering in the night air as she held on to him.

He let load after load of his cum blast into her as she fell over on his chest screaming. Once they were done, they lied together on the bed while her wings fluttered to a stop.

"You are now ready," she explained as she finally sat back up with his cock still inside of her. She rose up from him until his cock fell out of her pussy, a line of cum stretching between his cock and her cunt. 

"First thing's first," she said happily. "I have a little present for you."

"Kyle?" a woman's voice called to him from behind. He turned to see Natasha approaching him with four creatures escorting her.

"Natasha," he called as he pulled his ankles free and sat up on the bed. "What are you doing out here at night?"

"Read her," Riggan ordered from behind him. "Use your new powers."

Kyle looked at Natasha, not knowing what his new queen was suggesting until he felt it. A pulse in his brain triggered suddenly and he could see through the woman. He could see what she liked and disliked. He could see her fantasies and what would turn her on. He could see her. The real her.

She looked back at him quizzically as he moved off of the bed and approached her. She reached her hands out and touched his new massively muscular red body and stroked her fingers across his flesh before looking back up to his eyes.

"What happened to you?" She asked as he smiled back down at her. 

She would be easy. He could feel her passion on the surface and knew exactly how to pull it out. She wanted him even if she didn't quite understand why. He could see her fantasies. He could feel her desire. 

She yelped as he placed his hand on her lower back and pulled her into his body. She was already naked, which seemed strange to be out in the forest with these creatures around in the nude, but he didn't put much thought into it. Instead, he felt her warm soft body pressed against his still sticky cock and felt it growing. 

Her eyes went wide as she looked down at the massive dick before her. He lifted her up in the air and sat her down on the bed before pressing the head of his cock to her lips. She looked up at him as she slowly opened her mouth. He could feel her desires grow as he entered her mouth. He could feel her soul as she pushed her head as far forward as she could until it hit the back of her throat. Half of his cock was still out of her mouth. 

She gulped as he pushed her head further until she swallowed the rest of him and her cheeks pressed against his thighs. She coughed as he pulled her head back. He gave her a moment to catch her breath before shoving her head back forward again, swallowing him once more. He could feel her desires grow more.

Kyle pulled her head all the way back again as she gasped for breath and rolled her over on her stomach. She reached behind her as he pushed his throbbing dick against her pussy, forcing it to stretch around him until he shoved himself all the way inside of her.

She screamed as he picked her body up and began ramming himself into her womb. He could feel her sexual passion grow. This was turning her on. 

Riggan watched from the other side of the bed with a smile as Natasha screamed for him to continue. He watched as the demon slid her fingers down and began masturbating to the sights in front of her. 

Natasha reached out for the demon as Kyle rammed himself into her over and over. Riggan had a curious expression on her face and crawled on the bed. Natasha reached out with both hands and pulled Riggan's waist toward her until she was lying on her back with her pussy in Natasha's face.

Kyle slammed himself into the woman even harder now. That was unexpected and quite the turn on to him. He could feel her pussy around his dick pulsating and knew that she was about to cum. Sure enough, Natasha screamed into Riggan's pussy as she orgasmed. 

Riggan twisted her fingers into Natasha's hair as she threw her own head back in another howl of passion. 

Kyle could feel himself absorbing Natasha's orgasm as her body twitched every which way. He could feel the energy enter his being. He felt his dick swell and his balls tighten. He knew it was soon.

Grabbing Natasha's hips, he slammed his dick into her as deep as it would go before exploding inside. She screamed again as Riggan orgasmed started to orgasm from the vibrations of her mouth. 

He pulled his cock from Natasha's pussy and watched as she fell over on the bed on her side. Riggan stood up at the side of the bed once more and smiled at him.

"You're going to do just fine," she chimed as she walked around toward him. 

She walked behind him and he felt her hands slide around his side and toward his stomach in a hug. 

"You're going to make your queen proud," she said as he felt her hands run down to his dick. She wrapped her hands around him and slowly stroked up and down until he was growing again. 

"Again?" He asked pleasantly surprised. He had always enjoyed sex, but this was something more. It felt necessary.

"I need you to give me the energy you took from her," Riggan said as she continued to jerk him off from behind. "This is the way you give it to me."

"It felt amazing," he admitted as he watched Natasha lying on the bed.

"It only gets better," Riggan purred. Her hands were working faster now. "The more you take the better it feels."

"I can't believe how fast this has happened," he stated as he could feel an orgasm approach. "Just a few hours ago I was running for my life and now here I am."

"That's life in a nutshell," she said as she stepped around him and dropped to her knees. "Things happen fast. You have to just go with it."

She wrapped her lips around his cock as she continued to jerk him off. He threw his head back as he could feel her tongue twirl around him. She wanted his cum. He knew that she wanted it. He had to please his queen. He looked down to see her working her hands on him as her mouth sat still around the head.

He reached down and grabbed her by the sides of her head before pulling her down his cock. He grunted as he shot his entire load into her mouth. She held her lips to him and swallowed all him as he finished cumming down her throat. 

"That's my knight," she purred as she stood up. "Your next step is to go back to the village and get the rest of the souls for me."

"What about the men there?" He asked. 

"Don't worry about them," she stated as she walked over to Natasha, who was still lying on her side on the bed with his cum dripping from her pussy. "I'll send my pawns to take care of any leftover men. You just take care of the women."

The beautiful demon slid her fingers up Natasha's leg and over her hip as she spoke.

"What about my appearance," he asked, drawing a look from Riggan. "I don't exactly look like my normal self anymore."

"Don't worry," she said as she rubbed her fingers through Natasha's light brown hair. "You have seductive powers now remember? You'll just need to use them is all."

Kyle looked away from his queen and to the direction of the village. Would it be that easy? Could he bring himself to curse them to this island? He had to.

For his queen.