 Saving the Hero

Gavin could hear the panicked banter from the people inside the house behind him. They were frightened and confused. He could relate to both of those emotions at the moment. What was strange was that he could feel their emotions. Not clearly, but enough to know where they were and who was feeling what. 

He shook his head to rid himself of the strange senses he seemed to possess now that he was in his new monstrous form. The other monsters closed in. They slowly circled around to surround him. The battle was inevitable. He could feel a new strength wash through his entire being. He knew that he could take them, but he didn't know how.

One of the beasts to his side lunged at him with lightning speed, but it wasn't fast enough. Gavin spun his body just in time to allow the creature to fly right past him. Before it dashed from his reach he grabbed it and used its momentum to smash its head into the side of the house, smashing a hole into the siding. 

He turned from it just in time to see the blur of another one sprinting toward him with its claws extended in hopes of getting a free grab, but Gavin was quicker.

As the creature closed the gap, Gavin ducked down and shoved his own claws up into its stomach, lifting it into the air before sliding its flailing body toward another one that was making a run for him. The creatures slammed into each other and they both fell to the ground with a loud angry scream.

One was left standing. It held a facial expression of pure hatred. It tensed its body as it readied for an attack. 

Gavin stood at the ready.

As the creature jumped in his direction, he braced himself for another counterattack, but suddenly had his breath knocked from him as the creature he had smashed into the wall tackled into him. He held his ground, but barely and the other two creatures were up and dashing toward him as well.

Before he knew what had happened, Gavin found himself on the ground with the four monsters kicking, biting and scratching at him. All he could do for a moment was roll up into a ball to try and protect himself from the onslaught of attacks.

He tightened his leg muscles as much as he could and lept into the air, high above his attackers before plunging down from the air onto one so hard that it fell instantly to the ground and stopped moving. He jumped back out of reach from the others that had already started pursuing him once more.

One lowered itself to all fours and jumped low toward him. He stepped to the side and grabbed the back of its head before shoving down until the thing left a small trench as it dragged its face through the dirt. 

Gavin looked up as the last two were dashing toward him at the same time. He lowered his stance and braced for the impact. Just as the two were upon him, he grabbed the creature on the ground and slung it up, causing both attackers to hold their hands out to stop it.

He used their moment of distraction to get behind one. It screamed in shock and anger as he dug his nails into the back of its neck and held it above his head before falling back, driving it head first into the ground.

He felt claws digging into his stomach as the last standing attacker attempted to end him before he could get back up. 

And it came close to succeeding.

He could feel his strength leaving his body as screams caught the creature's attention. Gavin looked over to see Eliza and Joe standing outside the house as they waved their arms about, distracting his would-be murderer.

Taking advantage of the temporary moment, Gavin grabbed the monster by the back of its head and pulled down with everything that he had in him. If this didn't work then he wasn't sure if he'd be able to stand up to fight anymore. The creature fell onto its back as Gavin fell to his, both lay still for a moment due to complete exhaustion. 

"Is it dead?" He heard Eliza question with what seemed to be a real concern in her voice. "We have to help it."

He could see the other creature slowly get up on its hands and knees to stare at him. It's stretched out toothy grin shining in the moonlight. Its facial expression didn't' last for long for it felt the strange tingling sensation of the sun soon to be up. He didn't understand exactly why, but the upcoming dawn frightened him just the same. He felt the urge to flee back into the woods. He felt the need for the sanctuary of the trees, but it didn't matter what urges he felt. He hadn't the strength to do anything about it.

With a low bend, the creature that had been trying to end his life sprang a good twenty feet away from him and disappeared into the treeline faster than it had approached.

Gavin lied his head back down in acceptance for what was about to happen to him. He wasn't sure what it was exactly, but every part of his being knew that it was not something to be taken lightly. He thought he had known dread before that moment. He thought he knew what true despair was. 

He thought back and remembered his first flight as the captain. The knotting in his guts as he thought about how many passengers relied on his ability to keep them safely in the air. He remembered the first time that he had a mechanical malfunction in the plane and was forced to make an emergency landing. Those were times of fear, but that fear was only a drop in the ocean compared to the anguish that he felt at that moment. 

The pain in his side grew sharper as he felt his eyes growing darker. The last thing he could see was the group of survivors running from the house toward him.

************************************************

Eliza was the first to make it to their strange savior. She eyed it up and down. It was tall and thin with milky white flesh. Its eyes were closed and it held it's head turned, allowing her to take a good look at its long elf-like ears. Its features were pointy and angular. She studied down its body and stopped when she realized something peculiar.

"It doesn't have a penis," she exclaimed. 

"What does it matter if it has a dick or not?" Joe asked gruffly. 

"How do these things reproduce?" Eliza asked, giving him a sharp look. Probably sharper than she intended, considering how taken aback he looked. "We have to know more about these things yes?"

"I guess so," he admitted begrudgingly. 

"We need to get it inside," The tall woman with glasses claimed from behind them.

"Are you nuts?" Holly shouted in what sounded like a mixture of shock and anger. "These things are trying to kill us and you're wanting to bring it inside?!"

"We need to study as much about the creatures as we can," she returned showing no signs of emotion in her tone. 

Eliza hadn't really noticed the woman before now. She was tall and thin with long dark blond hair that she constantly kept in a ponytail to keep it out of her eyes. She wore dark-rimmed glasses that made her look more dignified than awkward. 

"It did save our lives," Eliza stated, deciding to take the tall woman's side over the over-emotional Holly. "Most of all it saved your life, Holly."

Holly sniffed in anger before stomping off to somewhere else. Probably didn't matter at that moment. Anywhere else would have suited her just fine. Eliza could second that.

The remaining survivors worked a plan together to get the creature into the house before the sun was able to rise above the treetops. They didn't know what the sun would do to the creatures in direct exposure, but considering they fled to the safety of shelter every night before dawn, it couldn't be good.

The remaining survivors were the tall blond, who Eliza learned that her name was Coralyn, Krystal, the darkly skinned athlete who had been rooming with Kyle, Katey, the curvy blond who seemed to be constantly lost, Joe, who had been making an effort to take over the roles of both Kyle and Gavin, but not enjoying his time doing so, and of course Eliza herself, who had to play the voice of reason more than she was comfortable with.

Eliza had spent her entire adult life up until now barely scraping by. She never planned or worried about the future at all. There was always something around the corner just waiting to take her on another ride. That's why she had chosen her current profession. To be able to fly to a different place almost every night was like a dream come true for her. She could have one night stands with no concerns of commitment. She could talk any man into buying her way through just about anything in life. Which left her where she was. Pushing close to thirty years old and surrounded by monsters of the night. It didn't matter now. It didn't make a difference if she had worked hard to be a leader of a community or a lawyer, which was what she had originally intended to do. She even learned that Coralyn was a doctor. What good that did her! She ended up in the exact same place as Eliza.

"I'm going to tend to his wounds," Coralyn stated dryly, snapping Eliza from her thoughts.

"Do you need anything?" She asked the doctor who seemed to be barely paying attention to her while she stared behind her into the room where the creature was lying strapped to a bed.

"No," she finally answered as she looked back to Eliza. "I think I have everything I need. I'm not even sure if this thing's anatomy works similar enough to humans for my treatment to even mean anything."

"I'm not sleeping in this house tonight," Holly snorted in anger as she placed her fists on her hips in defiance. "It's not happening."

"Are you sure you're going to be alright in there with it?" Joe asked as he stepped back into the house. "With the windows boarded up, there's no way of us seeing if you're in trouble."

"I'll be fine," Coralyn stated with a tone that left no room for argument. "Just do what you think you need to in order to keep us safe tonight."

Joe nodded his head as Coralyn stepped into the room and closed the door behind her. She was a very strange woman indeed.

"I'm going back out into the woods," Eliza said after a few moments passed.

Joe spun his head around and his eyes were so wide that Eliza looked behind her to see if one of the monsters had jumped through the window.

"You can't," he almost ordered. After realizing his own tone, Joe cleared his throat and tried again. "I need you here. I can't do this alone." That last part was a low whisper.

"You'll be fine," she assured him with a kind smile. "Just get started boarding up a couple of houses for tonight. I'll be back way before dusk."

"I'm not exactly leader material," he said looking embarrassed. "I'm at my best when I'm following orders, Eliza. I wish someone else could take over. You're the best candidate for that position anyway."

Eliza fought back a laugh at that notion. She wasn't anything even close to leadership material. She could call shots, but those shots were only to the benefit that she could see. She wasn't good at sharing anything and that wasn't a great quality to add to that of a leadership role.

"You're doing fine Joe," she said as she placed her hand on his shoulder to offer support. "You're a natural and don't even know it."

Joe frowned and looked out the window. Eliza followed his gaze to see Katey and Krystal on the path talking amongst each other. Holly had stormed out of the house after her small tantrum and was somewhere within the village's borders.

"I'll be back before dark," Eliza repeated, bringing Joe's eyes back to her. "You just work on bringing everyone together for the task of security."

After a long moment, Joe nodded his head and even offered a smile.

"Be back before dark," he said as his face went dark again. "Please."

With that, Eliza was off and into the forest. She knew the direction that they had come from after Kyle had been taken. She had only one lead and so she had no choice but to take that very lead.

************************************************************

Gavin had no dreams, but he knew that he slept. He had no thoughts other than his acknowledgment of still being alive. He Could feel the air around him. He could sense someone in the same room as him. He could smell the sweet smell of a woman. He listened as her breath moved around his body. Up and down his body. Almost close enough to his ear at one point to where he thought her lips would touch his lobe. 

"Interesting," she mumbled to herself. 

He could feel the light and soft touch of her fingers press into his chest as her hair fell down around his neck as she lowered her ear to his chest.

Her head felt warm against his cold skin. Her hands were soft. Her breath was shallow but loud to his ears. He could almost see her even though he held his eyes shut so tightly that he could see flashes of white.

Her hands ran down his stomach as she pushed and felt him in her investigation. He could feel her head slide down his stomach as well. Her warm face pressed every-so-gently against his flesh as her breath spread down his lower stomach.

He could feel her body heat as if he were some kind of reptile. Her long thin body leaned over him. He reached his hand around to touch her but his arms were stopped short by some kind of restraint. She stopped, completely motionless except for her breathing. He could feel her breath moving further down over his crotch, but not on his dick.

He could feel himself becoming aroused and yet couldn't feel an erection growing. Something deep in his mind tugged at him. An instinct? Something that he could reach in and activate?

Diving into his brain for an answer, Gavin could suddenly feel the woman's hot breath touch his dick. She jumped back and stepped away from him. She must have become so entranced in her studies that she wasn't realizing what she was doing.

Gavin kept his eyes shut.

"Wow," the woman whispered to herself before taking a step forward again. 

He could feel her stare on his cock as she leaned forward again. This time her soft hands gently slide up the shaft as she studied this new event. He felt his dick jump as her fingers slid past the tip.

Gavin opened his eyes.

He had seen her before. He thought he remembered her name as Coralyn, but wasn't sure. She hadn't noticed him looking at her yet. She focused on his throbbing cock as she leaned her face further down in order to study it closer. Her breath washed over it, causing it to jump once more. This time when it jumped, it smacked her on the lips, causing her to jump back again startled.

Her eyes darted up toward his face and horror painted across hers as she noticed him staring at her. She was truly frightened. He could feel it coming from her. He could feel her desire to run from the room. He knew that the only thing holding her back was her fear of him breaking free and grabbing her.

"I'm not going to hurt you," he said and to his surprise, it actually came out as words and not hisses this time.

Her eyes shot wider than before, but he could feel her fear get overturned by excitement.

"You can speak?" She asked in a whisper of amazement. "What's your name?"

He tried to give her his name, but couldn't make the words come out.

"I can't seem to say it," he stated as he dropped his head in frustration. "What's happening?"

"I'd like to know the same thing," she admitted, tossing a quick glance back at his throbbing member once more. "Why do you come to us at night?"

"I don't know," Gavin answered honestly. "I'm not exactly one of them."

Gavin did his best to explain. Some parts of his story acted the same as when he attempted to give his name. It seemed something inside of him wouldn't allow him to reveal that he was from the same village as her. Something stronger than him wouldn't allow him to make those connections. She seemed to understand when he choked up on the words and only gave a simple nod to prod him to continue with what he could.

"These creatures seem to be driven by sex," she finally said after a long moment of silence. "I'm not sure how to bring this up."

Coralyn looked away from him, seeming to be in deep thought. He could feel her body and desires shift from knowledge to lust and back again as she considered her words. It seemed as though she couldn't find the proper way to propose what she was thinking so Gavin helped her out.

"You want to have sex with me?"

***************************************************************

Krystal watched Katey stand on the bed as she pulled a piece of trim hanging above. She stood on her toes to give her short body more of a reach. Her curves were perfect. Krystal could feel a jealous feeling streak through her as she eyed the woman's firm and round ass and thick thighs that followed. 

Katey had the body that Krystal had always wanted. Not that Krystal had a bad body. Not at all. In fact, many women made comments about how fit she was and yet was able to still hold a feminine body anyway. Krystal knew how lucky she was for her genetics. Maybe it was her Mexican mother or her German father that gave her the figure she carried, but she wasn't sure. She could barely remember either, for she was just a little girl when they both died in a car accident, leaving her an orphan at the young age of six.

Katey grunted as she struggled against the trip. Krystal started to step on the bed to help her out when the wood snapped, sending Katey sailing back into Krystal, knocking them both to the floor. Katey spun around facing Krystal with great concern on her face.

"Oh my god," she said in shock. "I'm so sorry. Are you okay?"

Krystal laughed at the absurdity of it all. She had been hit harder than that almost every day during one sports event or another. She couldn't believe that someone as small as Katey would think she hurt her.

"I'm fine," Krystal laughed as she placed her hands on the small of Katey's back. "Are you okay?"

Katey didn't answer right away. She stared into Krystal's eyes. Katey's dark blue eyes seemed to pierce right into Krystal's soul. She couldn't look away. Her smile faded as she felt the woman's large breasts press against hers. Katey lowered her head and started closing her eyes.

Krystal had never had an encounter like this before. The other night, she had made out with this same woman, but they were under a spell that night. This was different. Could she do this? Could she...

Katey's large and soft lips pressed against hers as she felt her tongue slide in. Krystal ran her fingers under the waistline of the blond's shorts and could feel the beginning of the split of her ass. She pressed her own tongue into the woman's mouth as her hand pushed further down until she had a handful of her firm asscheeks. 

Katey let out a light moan as Krystal rolled her over on her back, not remover her tongue from her mouth. She pulled her hand out of the back of her shorts just before her back lay flat on the floor. She used the same hand to slide up her stomach and unsnap the center of her bra, freeing the short blond's large breasts within her white shirt.

"Oh god," Katey breathed as Krystal pushed her shirt up, revealing her large bare breasts and perky nipples. 

She squirmed under Krystal's kisses and light nipples on her nipples. Krystal slid her tongue around the woman's nipples before pulling her head back and blowing on them, causing them to stick erect even more than before.

Krystal continued to tease Katey's large breasts with her tongue as she slid one hand down her stomach and under her shorts. She felt the stubble of the woman's normally shaved pubes as her fingers explored downward. Finally, she felt the soft warm and wet split, drawing a long moan from the woman's mouth, matched by Krystal's own moan. 

She really was getting turned on by what she was doing to this woman!

She pressed her fingers further as Katey spread her legs to make access a bit easier. She felt the moisture surround her fingertips as she gently started rubbing in a circular motion causing Katey to breathe out one heavy breath as she arched her back.
