 Part 7 The Shadow Approaches

"Coralyn," came Joe's shout from outside the door as sounds of him trying to push the door open through the barred dresser followed. 

"Shit," Coralyn whispered as she still lied on top of the creature.

"Trouble," the monster whispered back as he looked toward the door as it busted open, sending shards of splinters throughout the room as the broad-shouldered Joe tripped into the room.

He looked over with astonished eyes as he seen Coralyn lying on the creature and its dick draped over her ass and resting on the small of her back.

She sat up quickly and held her hands out to gesture for the man to stop, but he seemed to be in a rage.

"Joe, you must stop before you make a mistake," she pleaded but the man wasn't paying attention to her at all. He seemed to be focused on the creature who was unable to say his own name.

"What the hell have you done?!" Joe grabbed the creature by the arm and pulled him off the bed, causing it to fall to the floor with a meaty thud. 

Coralyn managed to leap off of the thing or she too would have been pulled to the floor. She stood straight and defiant until she felt the breeze on her bottom and realized that she still wasn't wearing any pants or underwear. Embarrassed, she grabbed her clothes and began pulling her pants up around her hips quickly all while trying to talk sense into the enraged man.

"What kind of spell did you cast on her?!" He demanded as he kicked the poor groaning creature on the floor. "Was this your plan all along?!"

"No," the monster roared with one of its hands up to defend itself from another kick that was surely coming its way. "No plan!"

Joe stopped just before throwing his leg out for another kick. He eyed the creature in shock as he stepped back, leaning against the dresser that once stood in his way. He looked from the frightened and injured monster to her with questions in his eyes.

"As you can tell he can talk," Coralyn explained, gaining all composure that she had once lost. "It also seems to be driven by sex."

"I could tell that just by the last five seconds," Joe snorted angrily. "What else have you learned?"

Coralyn chewed on her lower lip as she thought about how to handle this situation. For one thing, she wanted to berate the man for acting like a baffoon, but on the other hand, she knew how dangerous a man could be when you hurt his ego.

Joe had taken on the role of the leader and she thought she'd play that angle first.

"I should have told you, but I wanted to document as many findings as I could do safely before reporting something that might lead to nothing." She explained as she forced an apologetic face to match the words.

"You let him free and then had sex with him," Joe more stated than questioned. "What part of that seemed at all safe to you? You could have put us all in jeopardy."

"But I didn't," she explained as she walked over to the creature, who still lied on the ground moaning. She bent down but didn't take her eyes off of the more dangerous creature in the room. Joe seemed to notice her thoughts, for he looked down in embarrassment. 

"But you could have," he said, with much less conviction in his tone now.

She finally took her eyes off of Joe and looked the creature on the floor. It was looking back up at her with worry on his face. She grabbed him by his arm and pulled as hard as she could to attempt to aid the thing in standing, but it was far too heavy. The creature finally managed the strength and stood up just enough to fall back into a sitting position on the bed as it rested its arms on its knees.

"I'm sorry," Joe finally said and he looked like he meant it. "I shouldn't have reacted like that. You saved our lives this morning and I shouldn't have attacked you so quickly."

"It's okay," the creature said as it looked up at the man. "I understand."

Coralyn sat down next to the monster and placed her hand on his leg.

"He can't say his own name," she explained to Joe, causing the man's brows to lower in a doubtful expression. "If he was lying don't you think it would have been wiser for him to just make something up?"

"I guess so," Joe said slowly as he allowed her words to sink in. "What have you learned?"

"He comes from somewhere and was turned into what he is now. From what I can tell, he may have once been human."

Joe's eyes widened a bit from that. He leaned in to study the creature once more.

"He's just as frightened as we are Joe," she explained in a pleading manner. She couldn't stand by while Joe beat the poor thing more. It was more than capable of tearing any man, even one as strong as Joe, to shreds but it didn't. It only begged for mercy.

Joe's nod showed that he may be acknowledging that very same fact at the time as he bent down and rested his hands on his knees as he looked into the creature's eyes.

"I won't barge in again," he finally stated as he stood back up and walked back toward the now broken door. "And I won't attack you without cause again.'

He pulled the door shut, at least as much as he could. 

"You can take this whole house as a research center from now on," he called from the closed door. "It's already boarded up so I'll not have to bother you anymore."

Finally a good decision by the new leader. Maybe he wouldn't be that bad of a replacement after all. 

"That could have gone better," she finally said as she looked over at the creature next to her.

"It could have gone much worse too," he said back to her as his eyes met hers once more.

She smiled at him and he returned with a small and forced smile. She felt his long fingers wrap around her waist and pull her closer to him.

"Again?" he asked causing a spark of shock and excitement from her.

"It can talk?!" The shout came from Holly as Coralyn grimaced to the foreshadowing of her approach. The light footsteps from the tiny woman, who loved to try and make herself seem bigger, came closer just before the door swung open once more.

"Who are you?" She opened with the question that sounded more like a demand. "What do you want from us?" She was on him with her finger in his face. "What do we have to do to make you stop?"

"Holly," Coralyn called, but the tiny redhead ignored her.

"Well?" She continued as she lowered her face to square off with his. "Joe said you can talk so talk!"

"I am not them," the creature tried to explain. Coralyn could see something else in his face. Recognition?

Did the monster know Holly personally or maybe he just had a connection with her?

"Holly," she called again and this time the woman turned to regard her.

"And you," she started as she swung her accusing finger in her direction. "You that lonely that you're going to fuck this monster?!"

"Holly," she called again calmly. It seemed like the creature couldn't take his eyes off of the petite woman.

"What?!" She called in frustration. "Spit it out! What do you want?!"

"He seems to know you," she explained, nodding toward the creature.

Holly's eyes went wide and her brows furrowed up in confusion as she turned to look at him. She studied his face for a moment before shaking her head.

"Do you know me?" She asked with her voice much calmer.

The creature tried its best to answer but only hissing and clicking noises came out.

"That's not talking doctor," Holly sniffed in Coralyn's direction. 

"You are Holly," was all the monster was able to get out.

Holly jumped back in shock. She bent down and looked up at him with amazement in her eyes.

"You can talk," she breathed in shock. "Who are you?"

He just shook his head in defeat.

"He can't say his name," Coralyn explained. "There are some things that he can't get out no matter how hard he tries. Things that whoever made him don't want us knowing."

"Can you figure them out?" Holly asked, her demeanor had turned a complete one-eighty.

"I'm trying," Coralyn admitted with a heavy shrug. "I've tried a yes or no integration, but that doesn't seem to work either. It must be frustrating."

"Yeah," Holly said without thinking. Suddenly her face went back to anger as she stood up. "Fuck this! We're getting nowhere with him. Instead of wasting time on something that's going nowhere, I'm going to make myself useful.

Wander off complaining you mean, Coralyn thought but she made an effort to show none of that. Instead, she just nodded and smiled as Holly huffed and stormed out once more.

"Angry," the creature finally said. 

Coralyn nodded her head as she stared at the half-open door and listened as Holly slammed the front door as she left.

"Always angry," the creature continued.

"Yeah, well that's..." Coralyn stopped and looked at the monster once more with shock in her eyes. "You do know her!"

The creature looked back at her and smiled. Finally! They were getting somewhere!

Once again she felt his long fingers wrap around her waist and pull her to him.

"Again?" he asked again with an even wider smile.

*****************************************************************

Krystal stood herself up on the floor and walked over to the bed to grab the piece of trim that had broken off when Katey was pulling on it. Katey's arms suddenly wrapped around her waist and she could feel the woman's breasts press against her back.

"What do you think you're doing?" Katey asked teasingly.

"What do you think you're doing?' Krystal repeated and tried to repeat the same tone of teasing, although she felt as though she was failing miserably at it. She never really was a flirtatious type of woman.

Krystal could feel Katey's hand slide down her stomach and work the button of her pants unsnapped, giving enough room for her hand to continue down. Krystal was still erotically excited from eating Katey out. She could still feel her juices drying on her face and wanted to feel her more. 

The closest Krystal had ever come to a lesbian encounter before Katey was in her first year of college. A fellow teammate and she had drunk entirely too much in celebration. They had picked up one single lucky man and brought him back to their dorm room for a threesome, but when they got there, the man passed out, leaving only Krystal and the girl that she could never remember the only conscious people there.

She remembered their conversation vaguely about how they didn't really need a man. Although there were many things about that night that passed her memories now, she would never forget that first kiss. The hot breath from the other girl on her lips as they pushed together. The soft and small hands as the other girl drove her hands up her back. 

She could remember how wet she had gotten. She had never felt that way before. She had been with two other men before then but had never felt such passion. Maybe it was the taboo feeling of being with a member of your own sex, or maybe it was the alcohol. Whatever played the factor, the results were what mattered. 

It hadn't gone any further than the kiss though. Not that Krystal stopped it. No. The other girl ran to the bathroom, vomiting. That ended that.

Krystal felt the air around her ass as she realized that her hands were pressed on the foot of the bed while Katey pulled her pants down to her ankles. She kicked them off out of the way as she felt Katey's breath on her bare ass. She could see goosebumps spread up her arms as the bond woman's lips worked small kisses down her asscheeks, leading to her cunt.

A moan escaped her lips as she felt the heat of Katey's mouth suction to her clit. A tongue twirled around until it dove deep into her. 

"Damn," she let out as she grasped the sheets of the bed so tightly that she could see her knuckles turning white.

Katey moaned into her snatch, sending vibrations through her body. She felt her knees getting weaker and weaker as the other woman worked her tongue in and around her cunt like it was her profession. 

Then one time it slipped.

At least Krystal thought it was a slip at first. Katey's tongue came up too high from her pussy and slid across her asshole, stopping for a brief moment to apply pressure to the wall. Krystal shouted something unintelligible to the sudden shock and pleasure, which lead Katey to stick around the area for awhile.

Krystal's eyes rolled up as she felt Katey's tongue penetrate her asshole over and over again while her fingers took over the work on her pussy. The muscles in her legs began to shake uncontrollably and she pushed herself back against the other woman's face.

"I'm going to cum," she shouted just before she felt every muscle in her body stiffen up and shake. Her insides seemed to turn to jelly as pleasure took over every facet of her being.

Katey never slowed. Krystal felt Katey's face press as hard as it could against all of her as her body screamed in pleasure, matched only by her screams.

Finally, her muscles let go and she found herself lying on the floor, staring up at the ceiling, while Katey lied down next to her and placed one arm gently on her torso.

"That's better," Katey giggled as she kissed the side of Krystal's face.

**************************************

Eliza pushed herself back until she was pinned between Kyle and a large tree. She looked frightened, but Kyle looked past that. He looked beyond her outward appearance and surface emotions toward something much deeper.

He could see her passions. He could feel her inner lust. He knew what she wanted. He knew how to please her. He knew how to control her.

What was wrong with him? Eliza had been the closest thing to a friend that he had had since the crash. How could he look at her like a piece of the puzzle? How could he see her as only a pawn in the endgame? What had he turned into?

My queen's knight, a voice from within answered for him. He blinked away his doubts and looked inside of her again. She would prove to be a worthwhile piece after all.

"I came out here looking for you," she said through a shaky voice. "What happened to you?"

"I have a lot to explain," he said with the softest voice he could manage. The transformation had turned him bigger than life in more ways than one. His strength was something that he had never known, his vision seen things more than just what the normal eyes could see and it went all the way down to his voice. His voice carried a booming low tone to it now and if he wasn't careful he'd end up frightening Eliza.

He held his hand out once more to help her to her feet. She accepted it this time, although reluctantly.

"I was given a choice," he started. "I could take this form in order to help the village or die along with the rest of you."

Eliza's eyes went wide, but he could sense that she believed him. After all, she had no reason to not believe him yet.

"I decided to sacrifice my humanity in order to save everyone else," he continued, trying his hardest to sound saddened by his transition. "I have to have sex with all the females in the village to seal their safety."

"Haven't you already had sex with most of the women in the village already?" Eliza asked with doubt in her voice.

"We can take her," came the voice of Riggan, his queen. "Why are you wasting time?"

"Practicing," he answered with a smile. Eliza looked at him with puzzlement in her eyes as she took a few steps back. He realized that he had answered his queen out loud.

"Don't be a fool," Riggan chimed in his head once more. "Just think your thoughts to me and I can hear you."

Yes, my queen, he thought as he turned his attention back toward Eliza.

"It was apparently a practice with my powers from earlier," he lied as he gently reached his hand out again. "I don't understand it all myself, but I do know that if I'm able to pull this off then the monsters will stop coming."

He could feel the locations of every single minion around them. He could feel them and he could order them. He wouldn't need them on this night, for he had an idea.

"How do you know for sure about this?" Eliza asked, shifting her body to a more comfortable stance.

"There's just something inside of me that knows," this time he wasn't exactly lying. There were a lot of instincts inside of him now and most worked in the back of his mind without much effort to make them work.

Eliza's aura changed from a closed off wall to a more open gate. Kyle knew that he was on the right track.

"I can get us back to the village quickly," he promised with his hand still out. "I want to make sure you're safe first."

"Kyle," Eliza started as she looked down his body, stopping on his massive cock that had begun to swell. "You're too big."

"I'll be gentle," he lied. 

No.

I have to be gentle. The thought was directed as much toward him as it was toward Riggan.

"Be what you have to be," Riggan's voice echoed in his head. "Just get it done."

Eliza placed her hand on his and he gently clasped it around hers. She looked up from his cock, which was standing straight up, to his eyes with worry.

"Gentle," she agreed with a soft nod.

He could feel her desires inside of her. He could feel what she wanted. He could feel it all.

She wanted to be pressed against the tree and pounded. She wanted to cry out in passion as he rammed his monstrous dick deep inside of her. She wanted his cock in her throat. She wanted to fall to the forest floor with his cum pouring out between her legs.

He would deliver.

He yanked her into his arms and lifted her up in the air in a single motion. He burned her clothes off of her body with a single thought. She shouted in surprise but gave no protest as he slipped his tongue in her and touched every single part of her that her body desired. His tongue, now forked, worked around her cunt and clit with an expertise that he had never known. She orgasmed as soon as his tongue stabbed her asshole and swelled, slowly pushing her hole wider as the tip pressed against the wall between her ass and pussy.

He could feel her asscheeks tighten against the palms of his massive hands as he held her tightly to his face. Her hands reached down and grabbed his horns to hold on to the ride as he slipped from one hole to another with his tongue.

With a quick drop and catch, Kyle had Eliza turned around with her hands pressed firmly against the tree that her back was once pressed against. She turned to look at him over her shoulder as he held his throbbing cock in one hand and held her hips tightly with the other.

"Gentle," she pleaded, but he could see her true desires. She wanted to feel him. She wanted to be filled by him.

He gave her a smile and pressed the head of his dick against her pussy as it struggled to accept him. She screamed as he began to force entry. He slowed as her aura shot in waves of pleasure and pain. He had to get the balance just right to drain her soul through her lust.

He pushed a bit further in every time he noticed her aura shift to pleasure and stopped when it melted into pain. Her screams were a mixture of both as well. He knew that she hadn't taken anything as large as him before and wanted to make sure he didn't mess things up.

After what felt like an eternity, Kyle looked down to see that his cock was only halfway in and throbbing madly. It wanted more. It wanted it all. It demanded it all!

"You're too big," she pleaded as another wash of pain waved over her. Then the pulsating pleasure took over and she continued. "But don't stop."

With a smile and a feeling of approval from his queen from somewhere deep in his brain, he pushed further in. Another scream came from Eliza as he felt her pussy tremble around his cock. She was orgasming again. His dick drank it all up before he pushed again. 

Eliza looked back and Kyle could see tears on her cheeks. He looked down to see her feet were completely off of the ground. He had picked her up during his push and stop motions without noticing. He started to pull back from her, but she threw her legs straight and clamped them around his back.
