 The Half-Pawn

"They'll definitely form a search party," Eliza stated through her teeth as she held onto her bottom of her dress with her legs spread out as she sat on her throne.

Kyle, who was setting his throne and slowly stroking his cock shook his head as he looked in the direction of the village.

"That might be so but how long till they find us?" He answered with doubt in his tone. "What if they go around the location?"

"We don't all to find us," Eliza argued as she moaned from the sudden shift in the motion of their new sex slave's tongue on her pussy. "We want them just far enough away so that we can lure one in at a time."

Kyle's eyes glided from the treeline to his wife, who seemed to be enjoying Katey's mouth more as time went on. She seemed reluctant to use her at first, but after some convincing, he wasn't sure if he'd be able to pull her away from the blond woman now.

"How are we going to properly guide just one away from the others?" He asked as he gripped the base of his cock and jerked a bit harder. Soon it would be his turn and he wanted to be ready.

"Let me take care of that," she demanded through a series of moans. "I have that part covered."

Kyle looked at his wife with curiosity painted over his face. She had been speaking more and more to Riggan since their marriage. What did she know that he didn't? This didn't seem to be a unity as much as a spreading of power by the queen.

Before he could speak his concerns, Eliza let go of her dress and gripped the blond woman's hair tightly in her hands as she shimmied her hips about in an orgasm. After a moment of moans and groans, Eliza released the woman and straightened her dress back below her feet as she pulled herself back straight into her chair. She looked over at her husband and smiled.

"You turn," she teased before snapping her head back toward Katey with anger painted across her face. "Now him!" She ordered. Eliza seemed to be taking to this new power much quicker than he had.

Katey looked at him blankly and stepped to his throne. He released his grip on his cock as the short blond wrapped her own hands around it before sliding her tongue up and down the backside.

"You're getting close to the queen," he commented as he watched the sex slave open her mouth and drop down on him. 

"She is pleased with us," Eliza stated dryly as she scanned the treeline around them. "She likes the two of us working together."

"She hasn't been speaking with me since I've shared my link with you," Kyle said with more worry in his voice than he intended to reveal. Katey pushed her head as far as it would go, swallowing a portion of his cock before raising her head back up and kissing her way along the sides toward his balls.

"I am your wife," Eliza said in a reassuring tone. "Queen Riggan knows this and speaks to me as such."

Eliza's demeanor was changing rapidly and part of that frightened him. Was she going to turn into someone he couldn't recognize? Was she turning into a demon queen herself? All she was missing at this point was the appearance. That's when he noticed her ears. They had a slightly more pointed look to them. Her skin had changed just enough red for him to barely notice. 

"You're turning into a demon," he said, causing her to place her hands on her face to feel her own features.

"What do you mean?" She asked just before her hands stopped on her forehead and her eyes shot open widely. "What's happening?"

She moved her hands from her head and Kyle could barely make out two small bumps on either side of her forehead exactly at the same location where his horns had sprouted.

Gagging noises caught his attention and he looked down to see that his hands had instinctively grabbed Katey by the head and was slamming her mouth down around his cock as she swallowed him over and over. He let go in surprise to allow the woman room to lift her head, but she just continued the motions even without his hands.

"She's good," Eliza laughed, seemingly forgetting about her slow metamorphoses. "Looks like I have good judgment after all."

"I never doubted you," Kyle said as he watched the woman's head rise and lower followed by sounds of slurping and gagging. 

"Maybe I am changing like you did," Eliza's comment brought his attention back to her. She sat on her throne, staring into the forest with her thoughts obviously somewhere much further away. "And maybe that's okay."

"I will cherish you no matter what," Kyle stated as he stretched his hand over to her side. She took his hand and held it tight as her eyes locked to his. 

Did he really love this woman? Did she really love him? Did love even matter?

"Okay," he finally said in a soft tone. "I trust in your plan to bring the others here."

He could feel his cock swell and his balls tighten. He hadn't been paying attention, but Katey had been working on him so hard and fast that he was about to cum. Before he was able to pull her head back in a warning, he felt his release as cum shot in the woman's mouth so hard and fast that some burst through her nostrils as she gulped as much down as she could. She sucked the last bit out of him and lifted her head to look into his eyes. Cum dripped down her chin as she smiled up at him with a blank expression on her face.

He waved her away and looked back to his wife, who was watching in amusement. 

"Never seen that before," she laughed as the two watched Katey step between the two thrones to the back and wait for her next command.

"Why did she turn to such a brainless sex slave and you didn't?" Kyle asked after a moment of laughter shared between the two. "Not that I'm complaining, but it's just a thought that came to me."

"I asked the same question to Riggan," she admitted as she looked behind her toward the woman. "As far as I understand it, it was a mixture of you not wanting that of me and me being too stubborn."

She gave him an appreciative smile as she squeezed his hand tightly. 

"Anyway," she continued. "I'll take care of the search party tomorrow. We shouldn't see anybody tonight. They're too scared of the pawns."

"Speaking of pawns," Kyle started as he looked back in the direction of the village. "I sense something strange from the people's camp. It's not quite pawn and yet it's not quite human."

"I forgot to tell you," Eliza said in a whisper. "All that's been happening caused it to slip my mind."

"What do you mean?" He asked leaned further toward his wife in anticipation for an answer. Did she know what this thing was?

"One of the creatures dashed into the village and saved Holly by throwing her into the house we were hiding in while four other creatures came after them in a chase." She was growing more and more excited as she went on with the story. "It fought all four off and we carried it into the house before the dawn had started. Coralyn locked herself in the room with it to find out how they work."

"Coralyn?" Kyle asked. He didn't know all of the villagers. The name sounded familiar, but that wasn't enough to put a face with the name.

"She's the tall woman with long blond hair and glasses," she explained. "She's some kind of doctor."

"So a pawn fought off the other pawns and saved the villagers?" He asked more to himself than to his wife. "I think we need to arrange a meeting with this thing."

"I've been thinking," Eliza brought him out of his thoughts. "What about Joe?"

Kyle looked at Eliza to see her confusion. 

"What about him?" He asked with a raised eyebrow. Did his wife want to have sex with Joe now? He knew it wasn't fair, but he'd rather kill the male than to share his wife.

"How are we going to handle him?" She continued. "I don't have the same powers you do so fucking him is out of the question."

"Riggan told me not to worry about the other males," he explained. He was relieved that Eliza wasn't proposing what he had initially thought. "She said that she'd take care of them."

"It's just Joe," she stated as she looked back to the trees.

"What about Gavin?" he asked feeling genuinely concerned. That made no sense. Gavin would have to go as well. He knew it and didn't deny the fact. So why was he concerned for him?

"He was dragged off the same night you were," she explained. "That was the same night Holly was dragged off too. What happens to the people that got dragged away, Kyle?"

"They get turned into pawns," he explained as his thoughts wandered toward an answer somewhere in his mind. "The men do anyway. The women turn into sirens."

"Sirens?" Eliza asked with intrigue.

"Some kind of spirit that men can't see. They float around the island and only come together for large attacks." He wasn't sure how he knew of the sirens or even how the men turn into the pawns, but the knowledge was there either way.

"So Holly was saved from turning into a siren," Eliza started puzzling something out in her head as she spoke. "Gavin was taken that same night."

She suddenly jerked up in her seat and leaned over the arm of her throne to look into Kyle's eyes.

"What if Holly wasn't the only one of the villagers to come back?!" Excitement filled her and her eyes were wild as she explained. "What if something went wrong while turning Gavin into a pawn? That could have been him!"

"The half pawn in the village could be Gavin," Kyle said as he caught up with his wife's thinking. "It makes sense."

"I kept thinking that Gavin was madly in love with Holly anyway," she went on, seeming pleased with Kyle's nod. "It makes sense that he would break the spell in order to save her."

"I need to know for sure," he said as he stood from his throne. 

"Where are you going?" Eliza asked as she stood up beside him. "You're going to the village tonight?"

"A half pawn could prove to be dangerous to our plans," Kyle explained as he walked toward the treeline in the direction of the village. "We have to make sure that if it is Gavin, he won't mess with our plans."

"I'll go with you," Eliza said behind him, but he shook his head.

"You need to stay here," he said as he turned to face her. Katey had followed in behind the two as well but stood far enough to the back to keep out of their way.

"What the hell do you expect me to do here?!" Eliza snapped.

"The search party could come at night," he began. "If they end up here then I'll need you to make sure they can't leave.

"And how do you expect me to hold a group of people prisoner if they do come in the dead of night?" She asked as she crossed her arms, lifting her breasts which showed more cleavage.

With a single thought, he made many slim stone pillars rise from the earth in a circular pattern. The pillars were so tightly packed together that it created a jail cell of sorts. The ground beneath the stones melted away until a large hole stood open underneath. He then lowered the stones back until it took on the appearance of a circular rib cage. Once the stones settled, he created a thin layer of dirt that covered it back and hovered over the hole to make it appear solid ground.

"Guide them here and the hole will do the rest," he said as he approached his wife. He rubbed his hand down her cheek and pressed his lips to hers.

"Fine," she said, with all of her determined anger replaced by acceptance. "Just be careful."

With another smile and kiss, Kyle stepped deeper into the forest toward the village.

****************************************

Holly grew angrier and angrier as Joe shook his head to Krystal's pleas of returning in the night to find Katey and Eliza. Krystal had explained how strange Eliza was acting and how worried she was for the safety of Katey.

"Some leader," Holly finally sniffed in anger, causing both Krystal and Joe to acknowledge her standing there. Most people just ignored her until she snapped in anger. Maybe that's why she was so quick to anger, to begin with. She tried to change with Gavin, but look where that got her. Gavin was probably dead and her hero turned out to be one of those damned monsters.

She wasn't going to thank the creature even if it did save her. It was its fault for putting her in the current situation, to begin with, and she'd be damned if she would thank the beast. Even if she did see the sadness in its eyes earlier.

"It's too dangerous," Joe explained to Holly before turning back to Krystal. "We can go first thing in the morning."

"That might be too late," Krystal argued, but her tone suggested that she was giving up.

"Those things will be coming any moment now," he stated as he placed a sympathetic hand on the other woman's shoulder. "I'm surprised they're not here yet."

"You're right," Krystal said after a moment of silence. "I know you're right but this still sucks."

"That's it?!" Holly shouted in disbelief. Krystal claimed to love that Katey girl for some reason and yet she was willing to give up that quickly?

"We have no other choice," Joe said as he barely acknowledged Holly.

"Like hell we don't," she shouted through clamped teeth. "We always have a choice."

"Why don't you go then?!?" Krystal broke shouted as she stepped up to Holly's face. Krystal was a good foot taller than her, but she didn't let that intimidate her. She just matched the angry stare.

"What?!" Holly shouted back at her.

"You don't do anything here except yell and complain," Krystal continued. "Why don't you make yourself useful and do something productive!"

Holly's face grew hot with anger, but she didn't say anything. What was there to say? She could curse and shout at the woman, but that would only satisfy Krystal as being right and she wasn't going to give her the satisfaction.

"Fine," Holly sniffed and stomped out the door, slamming it behind her. She looked around as shadows played tricks on her. Those things could be anywhere, but her anger was greater than her fear. 

She looked at the house that held Coralyn and that monster and nodded her head. That was where she would get answers. She could have the monster guide her to Katey. She smiled slightly at her own genius for thinking of something that those morons could never consider.

She opened the front door and started to walk back to the bedroom when the noises caused her feet to stop moving. Groans and moans came from the room. She slowly approached and pushed the broken door slightly open enough to get a peek at what was going on. Her eyes went wide.

Coralyn was in the air with her back to the creature as it held her up and slammed its dick inside of her roughly. She eyed the size of the thing's cock and wondered why she had never seen it before. 

She considered knocking on the door but pulled her hand away as she thought about how awkward that interaction would become. Then anger once again flooded her.

To allow a monster like that to fuck you is truly insane. This village is going to hell and there's nothing she could do about it. She figured her only bet would be to search for Katey on her own. Things started to feel safer out there than in the village anyway.

The sounds of flesh on flesh and moans slowly faded out of her ears as she left the house and started walking down the dirt path toward the direction that Krystal had pointed out earlier when the discussion was first brought up.

The shadows seemed to swallow her up as she neared the trees. It was the lack of sound that frightened her the most. No bugs or birds. Just her the shadows, the wind and her.

She winced at every step. Her steps in the silence sounded loud enough to hear from miles away. She took one more look behind her at the light of a candle shimmering from within the two houses and sniffed. 

She was better off out there anyway.

********************************

Kyle moved through the trees with an unmatched grace. He was large but knew exactly where to place each foot to avoid the sound of rustling leaves or snapping branches. He would sound like a small breeze to any passerby as he moved swiftly. 

The village would be just ahead.

At one point he thought he passed someone making their way toward his clearing but just ignored it. There's no way a person would be making their way through the forest at night and even if it was someone, his wife could handle it. He had more important matters at hand.

Before long the shadowy forms of the houses replaced the trees and he eyed down the path to two houses with lights shining from within the windows. He shook his head.

Even if he couldn't feel their auras to know where they were, the lights would give them away. Joe was an idiot to allow such a thing.

Not wanting to give himself away, Kyle made his way around the treeline until he was as close the houses as he could get before stepping out. He stayed in the shadows as he approached one house to see the two auras that belonged to Joe and who he thought must be Krystal.

Shaking his head, he moved to the other house and heard the sounds of sex as he seen the aura of a woman being pleased and the strange half pawn that had him concerned.

All of the windows were boarded up but seeing as how large he was, he wouldn't have been able to slip through the tiny opening anyway. He had one choice.

The large half-demon turned the doorknob to the back door and pushed, but it didn't give. They had nailed it shut as well. He frowned as he knew the backdoor would be the only way into the house without being seen by Joe, who he could feel was staring out the window.

With a shrug, Kyle shouldered the back door one time and sent the boards that had been nailed across the frame splintering and flying through the house. He stopped and listened to the sounds of sex stopped as well. He could hear whispering from Coralyn as he took a step inside the house.

It couldn't have been loud enough for Joe to have heard it so at least he still held some element of surprise.

He walked toward the bedroom door, which appeared to be broken as well. Shuffling sounds moved toward the back of the room as he placed his hand on the door and pushed it open. He stepped into the room.

Something slammed into his side so hard that he had to correct his balance with a step to the side. He looked down at the half-pawn who was slashing at him with all his might. Kyle laughed as he grabbed the creature by its neck and picked it up off the ground.

"Cute," he teased as he threw the creature toward the back of the room. It smashed into the wall beside a frightened Coralyn and dropped to the floor in a lump.

"What do you want?" The tall and thin woman demanded as she held a pencil out as if it were a weapon. "What are you?"

"You going to write me an essay if I don't cooperate?" Kyle laughed in his booming voice. That drew a look of embarrassment from the woman as she lowered her pencil and looked over to the half-pawn.

"I came for him," Kyle explained as he nodded his head at the half-pawn. "But I could finish the job he started with you first."

Coralyn visibly gulped as she stared down at Kyle's growing monstrous cock in wide eyes.

"No," the creature managed to moan as it lifted one of its hands a few inches from the floor before dropping again.

He ignored the half-pawn for now and stared into Coralyn's eyes. He stared into her soul as she pressed back against the wall. He could see her desires. He could feel the heat from her body and pulled it toward him with his mind. He beckoned her to approach him. 

A bed stood between the two and he looked down long enough to see belts tied to the four corners. 

"What kind of kinky business have you been working here?" He asked with a laugh as she crawled toward him over the bed.

"At least tell me your name," she begged in a whisper as her head stopped just shy of touching his massive erection. 

"Kyle," he said with a smile. 

The half-pawn perked its head up to look at him when he said his name. Maybe it was Gavin!
