 Okay

"I felt her presence for a brief moment," Riggan explained as she looked up to Kyle. "I thought she was dead, but for that brief moment I knew exactly where she was and what she was doing."

"What happened?" Kyle asked as he shifted his weight and sat down in front of the naked demon. "Why'd she disappear again?"

"She had built enough energy to free herself from whatever prison she had been stuck in," the demon queen answered as moisture grew in her eyes. "I could feel her emotions of triumph as she had her knight before a warrior of light had approached her."

"What's a warrior of light?" 

"They are angels sent out to hunt demons like my sister and myself," she explained with obvious disgust in her tone. "They don't care about why we are and only paint us as what we are."

"So a warrior of light killed your sister?"

"No," she answered as she shook her head. "The warrior made my sister a slave to the knight."

Was that possible? Kyle couldn't imagine having the power to enslave Riggan and didn't want to imagine such a thing even if he could.

"My sister is a mere property for that knight now. They turned him into one of their knights. Aurora did all the work and that man gets all the glory for it." Riggan turned her head from Kyle as she scowled.

"I will help you get your sister back," he promised her. "I don't know how, but I will do whatever it takes to get her back for you."

"That's sweet of you, but you have no idea what I'm up against in this," she stated as her eyes met his once more. "We have to get a lot stronger before we can even think about such a thing."

"Isn't that why we're doing what we're doing?" He asked with a smile. "We're gaining energy for just that right?"

She lightly shook her head. "We are gaining energy so that I can expand this world. The strength that's in this world right now is just a drop of water to the ocean of pain that awaits us."

Kyle walked forward on his knees until he was pushed between her legs as she sat with her back against the tree. She looked up at him and smiled her seductive smile. He returned her smile with one of his own before raising up on his knees. His massive cock slowly grew until it was in her face again. 

"And what exactly do you think you're doing?" She asked as she looked up into his eyes. Her white eyes glowed fiercely as her toothy smile revealed her sharp canines. 

"I'm feeling like a round two is in order," he explained as he pushed his dick against her lips. She looked as if she was going to make another comment, but stopped short and simply opened her mouth as he slid himself into her mouth.

Her tongue worked around him as her lips slid further back his shaft. The vibration of her moans began driving him crazy. HIs balls tingled and he knew that she was hurrying his orgasm along, but he wasn't ready for that. He pulled his cock from her mouth and picked her up as he shifted his knees forward until they were spread around the tree trunk. He then slowly lowered the demon back down until he felt himself push into her soaking wet pussy, spreading her further around him.

She moaned in pleasure as he filled her with his rod. Her eyes shot wider as he pressed his lips to hers and slid his tongue into her mouth. Her wings let out a tiny flutter as he began to gently lift her up and back down.

Her dark red skin glistened with sweat as he felt her cunt tighten around him once more. She moaned out as her orgasm vibrated every inch of him. 

He was going to take his time with her this time.

*******************************************

Joe dashed through the forest as fast as he could. He had let himself get careless a few times and had a few bruises to show for it as he slammed into trees in the pitch black night. He had to find Coralyn. He had to find Katey. He had to find Eliza.

He had to save at least one person.

The ground below him seemed to disappear as he stumbled and fell into an opening. He rolled down a hill and landed at the beginning of a large open field. 

Soft blue lights flickered on and off throughout the air around him. Were they fireflies? He hadn't seen any form of life other than the survivors and the creatures of the night until now. It seemed strange. Sounds of giggling filled the air around him. 

These were not fireflies.

The lights closed in around him and he squinted his eyes in an attempt to make out any figures. 

That's when they shifted into view. 

Blue-skinned women with butterfly wings fluttered down from the sky and landed all around him. Their eyes were solid white and none of them wore any clothes. 

"Hi," he said through a dry throat as he felt a hand fumbling with the button of his pants. 

He looked down to see one of the blue-skinned fairies pulled his pants and underwear to the ground and eyeing his dick, which was beginning to swell to attention to the sight of all the naked beautiful women.

He looked around as they seemed to multiply. Five, ten, thirty. More and more showed up until he stopped trying to count them. They surrounded him. The giggling shifted to moans immediately as he felt the one that had pulled his pants down take him in her mouth. He wanted to stop her, but the feeling of pleasure was just too great. 

Others reached their hands out and started rubbing him everywhere as the fairy on the ground continued to work her mouth on him. He reached out and gripped one of their ass cheeks, sending another chain of moans from all of them. He slid his fingers around and plunged them into her pussy. The large crowd of blue woman screamed in pleasure all at once. Even the one sucking on his dick screamed a vibrating scream around his shaft. 

Hands grabbed his shoulders and pulled him down on his back as the one pulled her mouth from his cock and crawled up his body. She kept low so he could feel her soft skin slide up his dick as she slithered.

He lay motionless as the crowd dropped low to watch as the one on top of him pushed herself down on him. He felt hot wetness surround him as she lowered herself on him. They all let out another scream as she began bouncing on him. Another one straddled his face, putting her pussy against his lips so that he had no choice but to use his tongue. 

The screams of pleasure continued until that's all he could hear. He felt her pussy tighten around his dick more and more as she rode him. She felt amazing! He wasn't sure how much longer he would last and wasn't sure what would happen once he finished.

"Slow down," he pleaded around the other one's cunt. "I'm going to cum.'

The one on his face lifted up and twisted over. That's when he noticed the change. 

Their blue skin had changed to a black that made the night sky look like it was day. Their skin was the absence of sight. It was as if they were made up of something that consumed reality itself. Their eyes glowed a bright red. 

He looked down at the one riding him. Her red eyes glowed angrily as she bounced up and down. He could feel his orgasm coming quickly, but could also feel that was exactly what she wanted. That seemed to be what they all wanted. 

They waited in anticipation. He tried to hold it back but it was no good. Her pussy sucked at him and massaged his dick. She wanted it and she was going to get it.

With a moan, Joe's cock shot out like a cannon into the womb of the dark fairy. A roar of ecstasy pounded the silence of the night and he could feel his energy draining from him. 

His eyes grew darker as the fairies closed in around him. They were devouring his being. When they were done there would be nothing left of him aside from a memory.

In time, even the memory would fade.

********************************************

Gavin shook his head to rid himself of the thoughts that had been entering his head. 

Krystal stared at him with distrust in her eyes. She had every right to not trust him. He felt himself changing. It was like his brain was melting away its humanity only to leave behind the shell that was the monster he was meant to be.

Take her. Reach out and take her.

She closed his eyes until the thoughts left him. They were coming back louder every time. It was only a matter of time until he had fully turned.

The darkness of the night outside was calling to him. He could feel his brothers in the trees many miles away. They were staying in the nesting grounds this night. He desired to be with his brothers but another desire pulled at him.

The dark skinned woman sat on the bed and stared down at him with a frown. Her perky breasts pushed her white shirt out enough to show off her tight and muscular figure. She wore jeans but that couldn't hide her tight ass and long legs from his eyes.  

"What are you smiling at?" She asked in an angry tone.

He shook his head again. He had to get control of the monster inside of him. He had to stop it from coming out. If he was losing control this quickly who knows what he would end up doing. She was beautiful though. He had noticed her beauty when he was still a human. Of course, he would never have enough courage to come on to her. Not like Kyle.

Kyle.

He thought about what had happened to his friend. He had turned into a large red demon. He did seem to have control of himself though. Maybe he should have gone with his friend. Maybe Kyle would know what to do.

Shaking his head again, Gavin pushed himself up the wall until he was sitting down adjacent from Krystal.

"You seem to shake your head a lot," she commented. "Something wrong?"

"I turn," he tried to explain to her what was happening to him, but clicks and hisses came out after. The longer he remained in this form the harder it was to get words out. He wanted to warn her to get away from him but couldn't find the words.

"You turn?" She asked with confusion painted on her pretty face. 

Her skin burned with heat to his cold flesh and he wanted to reach out to just touch it. He wanted to feel her. He wanted to...

"No," he said out loud with another shake of the head. "Run!" 

She jumped up from the bed and dashed around toward the door as he felt a surge of energy rush up him. He leaped up and before he knew what was happening, he was in the air attempting to land on the woman. She screamed and ran out the door with him close behind her.

It felt like he was in the back seat while the monster drove his body. He could only watch in horror as he gained ground on her. She made it out the front door and jumped out into the dirt path that divided the houses in the village. 

He screamed a strange sound as he dug his claws into the ground to turn sharply toward her as she dashed toward another porch. He leaped through the air as she dropped at the last second, sending him crashing through a window. He shook his head and looked out the broken window for the woman, but she wasn't there.

He tried to shout for her to keep going wherever she was, but only screeches and clicks came out. He could feel her body heat coming from somewhere close. She was just outside the house hiding from him, but he knew he would find her. He knew it would be over for her.

*******************************************

Krystal pressed her back against the wall of the house as she slid along it toward the back. She wasn't sure what had happened to him, but his instincts had definitely taken over. It was after her and she couldn't allow that to happen. 

Another scream sounded out as she could hear it leap back outside in search of her. It seemed to know where she was no matter what. She readied her legs for another sprint as dropped down behind her forcing her to run back onto the dirt path.

It was right behind her and she didn't' know how much longer she'd be able to keep evading its attacks. She dropped onto her belly and felt the wind rush over her as the creature had leaped at her. It landed ahead of her and dug its nails into the ground to stop its dash before turning and grinning at her.

"Why?" She asked in desperation.

The creature made a series of clicks and hisses as it tried to communicate with her, but she shook her head to convey that she didn't understand. Its face showed nothing but lust for the hunt and it readied its body for another leap.

A large shadowed form came crashing down next to the creature and landed so hard that dirt kicked up, blocking her vision for a brief moment. Once the dust cleared, she saw a massive muscular red-skinned man with horns coming from his head. He growled at the creature, who started to back away from him, but he caught it by the neck and lifted it into the air.

She watched in horror as it twisted until the creature stopped moving and slung it into the darkness like discarding a piece of trash. He turned to look at her and gave her a sympathetic smile.

"I'm sorry," he said in a booming voice. "I was almost too late."

"Who are you?" she asked not able to hide the fear from her voice.

"A friend," he said as he took a step forward and extended his hand out.

"I'm pretty sure I'd remember you," she forced a laugh as she tried to remain calm.

"I saved your life once," he offered.

Her eyes went wide.

"Kyle?" She asked in shock. "What happened?"

He began explaining something about sacrificing his humanity in order to save the others, but she stopped listening. Something wasn't right. She could feel a darkness in him. She could see that his smiles never quite met his eyes.

"What do you want?" She interrupted his lies.

His smile shifted to a more honest and evil one.

"You," he answered as he stepped forward. 

She tried to run, but couldn't find the willpower to do so. She could only stand and stare like a deer in headlights. She looked down to see that his gigantic cock was growing erect. He took another step forward before gently sliding his hand down her cheek.

"I'll take you to Katey," he offered. She looked up into his white eyes in shock.

"Katey's alive?" She asked with delight. "I feared the worse."

"I'll take you to her after we are finished," he continued. 

She looked back down at his fully erect dick and took a step back. It was far too large for her to take in! She started to shake her head slowly.

"I don't think I can," she started to say but he interrupted her with his low and loud voice.

"You can," he said before his eyes went dark. "You will."

"Then you will take me to Katey?" She confirmed as she straightened her back. 

"Yes," he agreed as he wrapped one of his large hands around his throbbing cock and squeezed.

She would do it. 

"For Katey," she said more to herself than to him as she dropped to her knees and worked her tongue up the backside of his shaft to get things started.

His dick was so big that she wasn't even sure if she'd be able to get her mouth around it. She worked her tongue up to the tip and measured its girth by opening her mouth around it. She would be able to fit her lips around it at least. It pulsated and a tiny drop of pre-cum bubbled from the tip as she tasted it on her tongue as she pushed her head forward. 

He tasted sweet and spicy as she felt his rod throb around her mouth as she slid her head forward. He let out a slight moan as the end started toward the back of her throat. She looked down to see how much was left and her eyes shot open wide in surprise. It seemed to go on forever! She started to pull her head away but felt his hand push against the back of her head. He pushed her head forward until it pushed against the back of her throat. She didn't fight it and eventually was able to take him further in. He groaned as she held her breath.

The feeling of his gigantic cock pushing through her throat was strange. It wasn't bad like she originally thought it would be. It was just different. She could feel his heartbeat in her throat. She could taste more of his sweetly spicy juices slide along her tongue as he allowed her to pull her head back to catch her breath. 

His dick plopped out of her mouth and bounced in the air as she sucked in as much air as her lungs would allow. It was massive but manageable. She looked up at him to find him staring back down at her with a smile.

He dropped to his knees in front of her with a loud thud and reached his hands out. He grabbed the collar of her shirt and pulled roughly creating a ripping sound followed by a breeze on her chest that wasn't there before. She looked down to see her shirt ripped completely in half down the front. He slid his fingernail under the center of her white bra and pulled one time to send it flying to her sides, revealing her breasts to him. 

His eyes glowed with lust as he pushed her shoulder until she was facing away from him. She felt his hand press against the center of her back and push until she lied down on her stomach. She could feel the cold packed dirt press against her breasts as he slid his fingernails down her pants creating a sharp ripping noise as the air touched her from her right asscheek all the way down her right leg. He repeated the same thing on her left side until she could feel her entire ass and legs touched by the cold night air.

She wasn't cold for long.

She closed her eyes as she felt the heat from his face as he hovered over her ass. She let out an instinctive moan as his tongue flicked inside of her pussy so quickly that she tightened her asscheeks in response. His tongue felt amazing. It felt better than anything she had felt before. He seemed to know just where to touch as he worked her.

She found herself wanting more. She even begged for him to continue under her breath. Her body tightened and her pulse quickened as she exploded into an orgasm. He continued to lick her until her body stopped shaking. Then the heat of his face was gone.

Once again, the cold night air touched her flesh as she longed for his heat again. She watched as his hand slammed into the ground next to her and felt the heat of his face next to her ear as he whispered.

"I'll go slow," he promised and she sucked in a quick gasp of air as she felt the same massive cock she had in her throat push against her pussy.

It's too big, she thought. Don't do it, came to her mind. It's going to hurt, she wanted to say. She wanted to say a lot of things right then. She wanted to protest, but only one thing came from her lips. That one surprised her more than anything else that had happened in the night.

"Okay."

His breath washed over her ear as she felt her pussy stretch around the head of his dick. She grunted as she felt herself widen for him. She moaned as she felt him rub her clit as he entered her. She slowly pushed her breath out as he pushed inside of her.

She stiffened her body but spread her legs a bit wider to aid him in his efforts. She would accept all of him. Her pussy stretched almost to the point of tearing, but at no point was the pain greater than the pleasure. She was enjoying it! She wanted more!

At one point he stopped for a brief moment to allow her time to catch her breath but she didn't want that.

"Keep going," she grunted. "Don't stop. Keep going."

His soft grunts in her ear continued as he pushed further inside. She was wondering how much more of him there was when she felt his hips push against her ass. She took him all in! He felt amazing to her. The heat spreading from him, rushed up her body, sheltering her from the cold night air. 

He pulled back out, leaving her empty before filling her again with a single push. He continued until he picked up the pace into a quick and heavy rhythm. She cried out in passion as her pussy begged for him over and over. Every time he reentered her, her pussy thanked him with a squeeze and cried for his return when he started to pull away.

Her screams grew louder as his grunts turned to moans in her ear. She wanted him. She wanted all of him. She needed him.
