 This is the beginning of the sequel to Within the Shadows. Though you would get a different experience by reading the first series before starting this one, I am writing this so that reading the first isn't an absolute requirement for understanding the story. The experience will be different whether you have read part one or not before starting on this, but different isn't always better. The choice is yours. This first part of the sequel is a bit long winded with a lot of setup and very little payoff, but I feel as though it was necessary to establish some of the characters. I hope you enjoy this tale!

*****

Part One

The Ship

A Rough Divorce

Rebecca set on the edge of the bed in her room on the top floor of the cruise ship. This was only the second day of her ten-day vacation and she was already ready to return home. Leah, her mother, and Judith, her aunt had paid for the cruise in an attempt to make her forget her recent divorce which had been a heartbreaking experience. She half listened as her mother and aunt playfully argued about something while she fully concentrated on the sounds of her heart pumping blood through her veins. 

She thought Stan was the love of her life. The only one she would ever want to be with. The man that would make her a mother. The man who would grow old with her. Instead, she had decided to visit him in his office to find him having sex with his secretary right there on his desk. She thought about the only image she was able to focus on at that time. The picture of her and her husband falling over the front of the desk as that whore's ass was shoved back.

Almost one year later and she found herself newly divorced and on a cruise with her mother and aunt. How much more pathetic could her life get?

"Rebecca," her mother's voice snapped her out of her thoughts. She looked up to see both her mother and aunt looking at her concerned.

"Sorry," Rebecca said softly as she tried to shake her depressing thoughts away. "Did you say something?"

"You know, I've been thinking," Leah said thoughtfully. "I'm pretty sure I know what you need to get your mind off of that deadbeat loser."

"And that is," Rebecca asked arching an eyebrow. Even though her hate for Stan was true, she didn't like others speaking negatively of him. What was wrong with her?

"You need a good fucking," Judith said with a smile, causing Leah to give the woman a sharp look before turning back to Rebecca.

"Although I don't like the phrasing Judith so lovingly used," Leah stated, offering Judith another sharp glance. "I agree. You need to get out there and have some fun. You're single now and we're never going to see these people again so there's no need to worry about embarrassing meetings once we're back home."

Rebecca couldn't believe what she was hearing. Her aunt had always been a bit eccentric and tended to have a new boyfriend every other week, but her mother had only dated two men since her father had left her twenty years ago. 

"I don't know what to say," Rebecca admitted as she stood up from the bed. "How could you make a suggestion like that? What kind of woman do you think I am?"

"Human," Leah stated calmly as she approached Rebecca and place an arm on her shoulder. "You think he's been waiting? Hell, he wasn't even waiting while you were married. It's not cheating. You are doing nothing wrong."

"I never said it was cheating," Rebecca snapped, pulling away from her mother's grasp. "I'm just not ready. That's all"

"You'll never be ready," Judith said as she walked up to Rebecca and smiled. "You have to just jump in, honey."

"I'm going out," Rebecca said in a tone a bit firmer than she intended. "I'll be back in a bit." She turned and walked out of the room. She turned down the hallway and headed toward the large pool that sat in the center of the top deck. 

The Bet

Dixie sat at a table in the bar on the top deck of the cruise ship with her two best friends; Jackie and Melanie. She held a single ten-sided dice and smiled at her two friends. 

"I don't know about this, Dixie," Melanie said as she nervously looked around the bar at all the people. 

"You agreed to this dare last night," Dixie teased as she brushed her free hand through her straight dark brown hair and blew a large bubble of gum causing to pop and stick to the outsides of her lips. She slid her tongue around and pulled the gum back into her mouth.

"I was drunk," Melanie protested in a forced whisper. 

"We were all drunk," Jackie said as she nudged Melanie with her shoulder. "Besides, this'll be fun."

"Totally fun," Dixie said with a giggle. "There's nothing to worry about. We roll the dice, find one man for each of us, split up and have the man we chose fuck us in whatever way the dice says."

"This sounds extremely slutty is all," Melanie said as she looked over her shoulder. 

"Who the fuck cares, Melanie," Dixie said with a laugh. "We are like a million miles from home. You don't have to marry him. Just fuck him."

Dixie and Jackie stared at Melanie until she finally shrugged.

"Fine," Melanie huffed. "But I'm not going to like this."

"That's a bad way to start this off," Jackie said, giving Melanie another nudge with her shoulder.

"Like it or not, it doesn't matter," Dixie stated as she opened her hand to reveal the dice. "It's time to roll and we might as well start with you. Have you picked your man yet?"

Melanie looked over her shoulder again before turning back and blushing.

"The guy in the black shirt and tanned shorts," she said bashfully. "But I don't even know if he'll want to take me."

"You're like totally hot Melanie," Dixie said, reaching across the table and pinching her friend on the arm. "He'll want you."

Dixie rolled the dice in her hand before releasing it on the table. The tree girls closed in as they watched it roll around until it stopped. 

"Number three," Dixie said as she unfolded the piece of paper and ran her finger down until she found the third line. "You're lucky! Cowgirl. All you have to do is ride his dick."

"Okay," Melanie sighed. 

"Now let's roll to see where you have him cum," Dixie said as she smiled in anticipation. Melanie sucked in her breath once more as the dice tumbled across the table and landed on a seven. Dixie found the seventh line on the second column and laughed. 

"What is it," Melanie demanded as her eyes widened.

"You have to have him cum on your face," Dixie said smiling. "Not too bad considering some of the other options."

"Me next," Jackie said with anticipation written on her face. 

Dixie laughed in delight at Jackie's excitement as she rolled the dice once more. 

"Seven for the position is doggy style," Dixie read before rolling again. "And one for cum is the vagina. Hope your birth control is current."

"I'm good in that department," Jackie said smiling. "I've also picked my man."

"Good girl," Dixie said as she rolled the dice again for herself.

"Have you done this before," Melanie asked.

"This is the first time for the dice thing," Dixie stated honestly. "It's exciting for me too."

"I never said I was excited," Melanie said.

"You don't have to say it," Katie laughed. "It's all over her body language."

Dixie looked down at her paper to find the number 10 on position. 

"Anal," Dixie said as she felt her stomach begin to tie in knots. She loved anal, but it could be really painful so she needed to make sure she picked a guy she thought would be somewhat gentle at first. She rolled the dice one last time and it landed on a nine. Her finger slid down the paper until she found her number and frowned. 

"What is it," Katie asked leaning forward to look for the number herself before laughing. "In your mouth!"

"You have to do ass to mouth," Melanie said, trying to keep from smiling. "You want to back out now?"

"Of course not," Dixie stated as she stood up and tucked the folded paper and the dice in the side pocket of her tiny purple shorts. "I just need to find my man is all."

"Well," Katie started as she spotted her man. "Wish me luck." She walked deeper in the bar and began talking with the man she had chosen.

"Don't be so scared Melanie," Dixie said, slapping her friend on the back. "You'll fucking love this once you're on his dick."

"Ok," Melanie said in a hushed voice before stepping forward. 

Dixie watched Melanie talk to a man for a few minutes before she continued her scan of the room once more. There was a muscular guy with a short beard at the end that caught her eye, but something about a large tattoo of a dragon curling up his right arm scared her from him. Her man would have to be gentle. She eyed a tall, skinny man sitting at the center of the bar, but she never liked her men too skinny. 

She almost gave up being picky until she noticed a man sitting at a table by himself staring at her. He was muscular with a thick beard and short brown hair. His eyes seemed to bore a hole straight through her. The mystery of the lone man drew her to him. She stepped across the bar toward him and ran her lines through her head on the way.

"Hey there," she said as she approached his table. 

"Hi," he said with a smile. His intense gaze didn't let up. His eyes were a dark blue which she could get lost in for hours.

"Why are you setting all by yourself," Dixie asked a bit breathlessly. 

"I didn't feel like socializing with anyone," the man said quietly. "That is until you set down. Now I'm feeling a bit more social."

"Is that so," she asked with an arched eyebrow. "And why is that?"

"Something about a beautiful woman makes me a better conversationalist," he stated with a smile as he leaned forward. "You want a drink?"

"Actually," she said as she bit the side of her lower lip and slid her foot from her slip on before sliding it up the inside of the man's leg. "I had something else in mind, to be honest."

The man's eyes opened wide for a split second before he composed his face once more and smiled. He stood up and walked around the table. He extended his arm down for her to take his hand. She grabbed onto his arm and pulled herself to her feet. The man's arms were as hard as steel and he walked with such a confident stride that she was mesmerized.

She stared at his firm ass as he guided her out of the bar and down one of the main hallways toward his room. He didn't say a word as they walked and she found herself wanting to break the silence a few times, but held her tongue.

Finally, the man stopped and slid his keycard across the reader, opening the door. He gestured for her to enter and she complied.

The room was larger than the one she shared with Katie and Melanie, but that was to be expected. The top floor was for the rich class of people, and Dixie was definitely not that. 

"My name's Dixie," she greeted as she turned to see the man close the door behind him. 

"Nice to meet you, Dixie," the man said sweetly. "I'm Adam."

The Compromise

Carolyn and her friend, Daisy sat at the bar and watched the three girls split paths toward different men in the bar. 

"What sluts," Daisy huffed. "Can you believe what they are doing?"

"I don't think they realized we were setting close enough to hear them," Carolyn said with a laugh. She adjusted the small top she was wearing. She felt like her top was trying to squeeze her to death, but she wore it anyway, due to the fact that it showed off her massive breasts. She always tried to show off her tits as much as possible. There weren't too many Asian women with large and perky breasts like hers and she had to admit to herself that she liked the attention. 

Daisy was built like an average Chinese woman. Thin as a rail with fairly small breasts, but she seemed to get her fair share of attention as well. Something about American men like Asian women. Carolyn never understood the attraction, but she appreciated it.

"She got her man," Daisy said as she excitedly pointed at the nervous girl. Carolyn turned in time to see the man guide her out of the bar.

"You seem really interested in their success all of a sudden," Carolyn said, hiding a smile behind her raised a glass as she took another sip of her wine. 

"It just feels like we're a part of this," Daisy laughed. "Look, the other one snagged her man too! Just the little one left!"

Carolyn watched as the petite girl that had been calling the shots walked across the bar to a table at the end. A man sat by himself nursing a glass of something.

"She has strange taste," Daisy said quietly. 

"Agreed," Carolyn said as she watched the girl set down at the table and start a conversation. She didn't think she would ever have the nerve to approach a man like that, but had to admit, if only to herself, that there was something attractive about the man. Tall with broad shoulders, he was quite a specimen. 

The man stood up and guided the girl out of the bar.

"I wonder how it'll work out for them," Daisy said, turning back to Carolyn. "I guess we'll never know."

"I guess not," Carolyn admitted with a slight shrug. "It doesn't really matter anyway."

"Yeah," Daisy agreed unconvincingly. "I could never do a thing like that."

Carolyn noticed a man sitting at a table looking back at her and Daisy. He quickly turned back to his table as soon as he noticed her looking at him. She eyed him up and down. He was a slim man with shoulder-length brown hair and fairly broad shoulders. He looked back and seen that she was still looking at him before turning around once more. One man and a woman sat across from him at the table and glanced her way occasionally.

"We have an admirer," Carolyn stated to Daisy as she gestured toward the man with her head. 

Daisy turned to see the man just as he had turned to look their way once more. 

"Well," Daisy started as she studied the man. "He's cute."

"Are you in the mood for a bit of a mix-up," Carolyn asked with a smile. 

Carolyn loved Daisy with all of her heart. She had never had a lesbian relationship before the woman. She liked men and never considered her sexual attraction to women until Daisy had convinced her to try it. Once she took Daisy to bed, her mind had been made up. She would forever be with her lover, but that didn't change the fact that she still liked men. She and Daisy had made a compromise the day before. Daisy agreed to share a man with her and give it a real try before swearing off men forever. 

"I'm a little nervous," Daisy said with widened eyes. "Will it hurt?"

"I've shoved a ten-inch dildo inside of your pussy," Carolyn snorted. "I don't think you have anything to worry about."

Daisy laughed nervously before turning to look at the man again. She turned back to Carolyn with widened eyes and Carolyn looked to see that the man was approaching their table. 

"Hi," he greeted. "My name's Brian. You mind if I set down here?"

"Be our guest," Carolyn said after giving Daisy an uncomfortable moment to respond. "My name is Carolyn and this is my lover, Daisy."

"Lover," Brian asked, his face turning dark red. "I'm sorry. I believe I'm making a fool of myself. I came here to flirt, but I guess I'm barking up the wrong tree." He tried to laugh his embarrassment off. He made a motion to stand up, but Daisy grabbed his arm to hold him in place.

"Please," Daisy said quietly. "Stay."

"Okay," Brian said, clearing his throat. "I'm usually not this awkward. Th...that's a lie. I always get like this around pretty girls."

Daisy turned to Carolyn and mouthed "He's perfect" to Carolyn before turning back to the man.

"Who are those people at your table," Carolyn asked, gesturing toward the man and woman. They were glancing back at them and laughing with each other as they spoke.

"Oh," Brian said looking back. He gestured something to the people before turning back. "That's my best friend and his wife. Sorry about them. They think I'm hooking up with you."

"They're right," Carolyn stated as she took another sip of her wine. Daisy squirmed in her seat and began fidgeting with her dress as she glanced at Brian from the corners of her eyes. 

"They are," Brian said confused. "But I thought you said you were lovers."

"We are," Carolyn agreed as she sat her glass down on the table and leaned toward the man. "We want to share."

The man visibly gulped as he looked from Carolyn to Daisy and back.

"Are you saying what I think you are saying," he asked, seeming unsure as to what he had heard. 

"I'll help you out here," Carolyn started. "Daisy and I want to take you back to our room and have sex with you. The both of us. Together. With you. At the same time. Is that something you might be interested in?"

"Y...yes," the man said nervously. "I would love that."

"Good," Carolyn said. "Daisy here is a bit nervous though. She's never been with a man before and you will need to be very careful with her."

"I will," the man said quickly and quietly as he looked at Daisy and offered her a smile.

"I on the other hand," Carolyn said and smiled mischievously as the man looked to her. She stood up began walking out of the bar and back toward her and Daisy's room as Daisy and Brian followed behind.

Happy Birthday Sis

Lucy adjusted her glasses as she swept her long black hair behind her shoulders as her sister Janet sat down on the pool chair next to her. Janet was holding a nicely wrapped present as she spun onto her side to look directly at her. 

"Today's a huge day for you Lucy," Janet said excitedly. "You are officially an adult as of one hour ago. You can buy cigarettes and everything!"

"I don't smoke dummy," Lucy laughed as she sat up in her chair to look at her sister. "Besides, it's just another day."

"That is so not true sis," Janet said with a wry smile on her face. "You're legal now."

"I don't smoke," Lucy repeated, feeling a bit frustrated by her sister's obsession with the legality issues. "Why would I start now?"

"I'm not talking about smoking dumbass," Janet said as she held her small gift in her hands. "I'm talking about something else entirely."

"What," Lucy asked confused. 

"You know that guy you were checking out when we first got on the ship yesterday," Janet asked. Lucy's face grew hot as she thought about the man. He was tall, well-formed and spoke with such elegance that she just wanted to listen to him for hours.

"I do," she admitted.

"Well, I tracked him down and started a conversation with him about you," Janet said, her smile growing wider. "Here." She stretched the small wrapped box across to Lucy.

Lucy reluctantly took the gift and pulled the top off to find a keycard inside. She looked back up at her sister.

"What's this for," Lucy asked as she pulled the keycard out and looked at the number printed on it the front. It was a different number than the one that went to the room her and Janet were sharing. 

"You're eighteen now," Janet stated as if that would be enough for Lucy to understand. Once Janet realized that her younger sister was still confused she sighed and went on. "I explained your age and virginity to the sexy man and he agreed to have sex with you."

Lucy gasped in shock as she stared at her sister, hoping to see signs of a prank. Janet just looked back at her expectantly. 

"You're joking," Lucy said in a low breath. "Janet, you didn't really arrange with a man me losing my virginity did you?"

"You'll thank me later," Janet said. "I talked with him and checked him out. He's a stand-up guy. Totally cool and I trust him. I wouldn't have arranged this if I didn't. You know how much I love you and would never let anything bad happen to you."

"Janet, I not a lost cause. I know how to do things for myself and I sure as hell could find a man to take my virginity if that's what I wanted."

"But you would pick someone that would hurt you," Janet pleaded. "I don't want to see you get hurt, Lucy. I picked him because of your reaction to him and only after I had a two-hour conversation with him last night."
