 The Announcement

Adam looked down at the petite brunette named Dixie as she looked around his room. She wore a long-sleeved pink sweater with a v-neck so large that she kept one shoulder out. The sweater was large on the tiny woman, but he could see her perky breasts pushing against the material. Her body looked tiny but firm with a small waist and wide hips. Her sweater was almost long enough to completely cover dark purple shorts. Her legs were muscular and he followed them down to her knee-high purple stockings. She chewed on a wad of bubble gum and would occasionally blow a bubble and let it pop before pulling it back into her mouth with her tongue.

"You must be rolling in doe," she said in a chipper tone before falling down on his bed and rolling onto her back. She propped herself up on the backs of her elbows as she looked up at him and smiled.

"I do alright," he said. Adam never liked to talk about how much money he had. Business ruled his life and he worked hard for what he had, but people tended to boil all his success down to "luck". He didn't want this conversation to turn to that.

"Well," she said, raising an eyebrow. "What are you waiting for?"

Adam smiled as he kicked his shoes off and began removing his clothing. He had no idea why this woman picked him, but neither did he want to think about it too much. When an opportunity such as this comes to your doorstep, you don't ask what made it stumble your way, to begin with. You just took advantage.

Dixie pulled her sweater up to reveal her exposed breasts, which were larger than he had expected, and her tiny erect nipples. He kicked his underwear off and placed his hands on the bed to either side of her legs as he crawled. She blew another bubble, which popped in his face, and began laughing. She continued to laugh she spotted his erection. Her face went completely sober.

"You're huge," she breathed as she looked back up at him.

"Thank you," he responded with a chuckle. It was true that he had a cock that many women found to be almost "too big" but he knew how to not hurt women. Or at least not hurt women as badly as he could.

She crawled backward until she was out from under him and pinched the waist of her tiny shorts before pulling them down and holding them up to his face with her toes. He grabbed her by the ankle, causing her to jump and pulled them the rest of the way off. She gave him a smile and flipped over until she was on her hands and knees. She bent her head forward and placed the head of his cock against her closed lips.

"This is going to be fun," she said as she placed little kisses on the tip of his cock, seeming entertained by the jump it made every time. 

"I'm already having fun," Adam admitted as he stroked Dixie's soft dark brown hair back from her face as she began to open her mouth a bit more with each kiss.

"I am like going to blow your mind," she said before he felt her lips surround the head of his cock. 

She leaned her body forward and he felt his cock slide further inside of her mouth until the end hit the back of her throat. She made a gagging sound and pushed her body further until he felt the hardback of her throat open up and he slid further in. 

"That feels amazing," he said in a groan.

She pushed further until her forehead was planted against his stomach. He wasn't sure what she was doing, but he could feel her throat tighten on him in an on again/ off again manner. She pulled her body back and allowed her teeth to lightly slide against the top and bottom of his shaft until his cock felt cold from her saliva as the room's air blew against it. She looked up and smiled at him as she rubbed a small string of saliva and precum from her chin.

"I want you in my ass," she said almost reluctantly. "But don't cum in my ass. I want to drink you, Adam."

Adam's cock grew even harder as Dixie spun her body around and bent over to expose her ass to him. She looked back at him and smiled as she wiggled her ass from side to side in a teasing manner. He had never given anal sex before but wasn't about to turn it down. He was concerned about hurting her.

"Are you sure," he asked as he walked on his knees until his cock rested over the crack of her ass and rested on her lower back. "I really don't want to hurt you."

"Don't try to hurt me," she said in a breathless laugh. "I can take it, big guy. Just go easy at first."

Not wanting to ask twice, Adam gripped his shaft and pushed the tip against her puckered asshole. She tensed as he began to push. She seemed a bit frightened. He wasn't sure if she actually wanted him this way. Why would she ask for it if she didn't want it?

"Come on, Adam." She said while pushing her body backward, putting pressure against his cock. "I totally want you in my ass. Fuck me!"

Adam didn't hesitate a second time. He released his cock and placed a hand on both of her hips before pushing his dick against her ass until the tip disappeared in an instant, causing Dixie to tense her let out a small squeal. Her ass tightened around his cock so he stopped to give her time to relax. 

"Oh my god," Dixie repeated over and over again. "Okay, I'm ready."

He pushed more and watched as his cock slowly submerged itself into her backside. Her squeal grew a bit louder, but her ass didn't start to squeeze him enough to make him stop so he kept pushing until her asscheeks were pressed against his lap. Her breathing grew frantic as she groaned.

"You okay," he asked as he began pulling back out.

"Peachy," she groaned as she pushed her face into his pillow.

Only the tip of his cock remained inside Dixie's ass when the speaker in the corner of the room came on with a buzz.

"Attention all passengers, this is Jenna Kennedy. I am the overseer of this cruise ship and have a very important announcement. Please listen and follow these directions. There is a massive storm heading straight for the ship and we don't have time to follow our practiced safety procedure. You must stay wherever you are right now. Do not try to leave an area that is indoors. Do not try to make it back to your room. Do not try to make it to the storm shelter. I repeat, stay where you are. If you are out of an enclosed area then immediately run to the nearest indoor area you can find. I am sorry for this inconvenience, but your safety is my number one conc..."

The room seemed to come alive in a violent jerk, sending Adam and Dixie flying forward into the wall. His cock shoved into her asshole in one sudden motion as they smacked into the wall, causing Dixie to scream out in pain. Another jerk sent the two flying to the other wall. He could feel his dick being squeezed by her hole as her body tightened. 

"What the fuck," Dixie shouted as a loud roar sound from outside and another violent jerk of the room sent the two crashing into another wall.

Adam tried to pull his cock from Dixie's asshole, but another jerk sent them crashing once again, plunging his dick deep inside her once again. She screamed as tears began to run down her cheeks.

"I'm so sorry," he said, trying to pull away. "Please forgive me."

"It's not..." Dixie began but was cut off by her own screams as they smashed into the ceiling and landed on the floor. 

He felt terrible for what was happening, but the jerking motions of her tight asshole jerking him off had him ready to cum. He held her tight against him so that he wouldn't be tossed about and dive deep in her again. The throbbing of her blood pumping through her ass pulsated around his cock as she cried out. 

"I'm going to cum," he told her. "I'm sorry, I can't help it."

"That's fucked up man," she shouted through sobs. "You get off to this?"

"No," he tried to defend himself. "I just..."

Another wild jerk of the room sent them flying forward. He smashed against the bed and she continued to fly, causing his cock to pull free from her ass just as he was about to explode. Yet another jerk sent him flying into her just as she spun her body to place her back to the wall. His cock stabbed into her mouth and down her throat as his first blast of cum shot out. She grabbed his ass and gulped as he continued to release his sperm.

The ship became still for a moment and he managed to roll onto his back, pulling his cock from her throat. She rolled onto her stomach and began gagging and coughing as his cum poured from her mouth and dripped down her chin. 

"Are you ok," he asked, rushing toward her.

She raised her hand up to stop him and finally eased off on her coughing while rolling to place her back to the wall once more.

"At least I completed it," she said hoarsely as she looked at him with bloodshot eyes. "What the fuck is happening out there?"

Brian watched as the two Asian women, Carylon and Daisy made out on his bed. They were both two of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. Carolyn had a curvy, muscular body with large breasts and short cropped black hair. He stared at her ass as she lowered her kisses from Daisy's lips to her neck and below. 

Unsure of what to do, Brian stepped up behind Carolyn and slid his hand over her firm ass as she continued to lower her kisses down Daisies long and skinny body, causing her to moan in erotic excitement. 

Carolyn stood up from the bed and turned to face Brian. She smiled and pressed her lips to his. He felt her tongue pierce into his mouth and dance with his own tongue. He placed his hands on her lower back and pulled her tightly against him, drawing a moan from her as she wrapped her arms around his waist. 

"Start with Daisy," she said as she pushed herself away from him. "Go slow with her."

Brian looked down at the beautiful woman on the bed.

Daisy was lying flat on her back with her dress pulled over her head and resting on a pillow above her. Eyes of wonder, excitement, and fear stared up at him as he lowered down on the bed and looked her body up and down as he rubbed his hand across her. She was skinnier than muscular and her breasts were smaller than Carolyn's but this woman was just as beautiful in many different ways. 

"Hi," she whispered up at him with a smile. 

"Hi," he said back before he slid up the bed and pressed his open mouth to hers, pushing his tongue inside of her mouth. 

She pressed her hand on the back of his head and tangled her tongue to his as one of her legs wrapped around his waist. He felt Carolyn's hands pulling his pants and underwear off as he rose his hips and legs to allow her the freedom. Her hand gripped his cock as he continued to make out with Daisy. 

Brian moaned into Daisy's mouth as Carolyn began stroking his cock. Daisy began moaning as her body squirmed a bit. He pulled his head back and looked down to see Carolyn working his cock with on hand and fingering Daisy with the other. 

"Roll over onto your back," Carolyn ordered Brian. He did as she asked and watched as she grabbed Daisy by the ankles and twisted them until the woman flipped over on top of him. He could feel the wetness of her pussy sliding along the top of his cock.

Daisy pressed her lips to Brian's once more as he felt the warm and wet kisses of Carolyn's lips on the base of his cock as she worked up and around to Daisy's cunt. 

Carolyn continued switching from his cock to Daisy's pussy for a while as he and Daisy made out, rubbing each other's bodies while doing so.

Finally, Carolyn gripped the base of his shaft and he could feel the heat of Daisy's womb surround him. He stiffened as his entire cock was suddenly hot from Daisy, who let out a long and low moan.

Brian had no idea how long he would be able to last during this. He could feel his climax coming on already but knew that he needed to savor this moment as long as he could. Daisy's pussy felt so amazing and Carolyn's occasional kisses up and down his shaft were driving him crazy. 

"I'm cumming," Daisy cried as Brian felt the walls of her pussy close in around his dick. She began to grind her hips back and forth as her breath became frantic. He tried to hold back. He tried to stop his climax. He wanted to be amazing for both of these women.

"I'm going to cum," he announced, knowing that he lost the fight. 

Daisy shifted her hips back until he felt his cock plop out of her just before he blasted cum out of his shaft like a cannon. He felt Carolyn's lips surround the tip of his erection as he exploded in her mouth. She sucked until the last drop was gone and Daisy rolled off of him and back on to her back next to him. He looked down to see Carolyn crawl up on the bed. She had a long strand of his cum up the side of her nose and into her bangs. 

"You had a lot of cum," Carolyn said as she wiped her face off with the shirt she had worn to the bar. 

"I'm sorry," was all he could think to say. "I tried to hold back."

"Why in the hell would you want to hold back," Carolyn asked with a chuckle.

"It's not every day I get an opportunity like this one," he explained. "Two gorgeous women wanting to have sex with me."

"What makes you think it's over," Carolyn asked with a raised eyebrow.

Brian smiled and lied his head back down on the pillow.

The speaker that was mounted in the corner of the room came on with a buzz.

"Attention all passengers, this is Jenna Kennedy. I am the overseer of this cruise ship and have a very important announcement. Please listen and follow these directions. There is a massive storm heading straight for the ship and we don't have time to follow our practiced safety procedure. You must stay wherever you are right now. Do not try to leave an area that is indoors. Do not try to make it back to your room. Do not try to make it to the storm shelter. I repeat, stay where you are. If you are out of an enclosed area then immediately run to the nearest indoor area you can find. I am sorry for this inconvenience, but your safety is my number one conc..."

A thunderous roar sounded out from outside just before the entire room shook so suddenly and violently that it sent all three of them flying through the air before slamming into the floor.

"What the hell," Carolyn shouted as another violent jerk sent them into a wall. 

Daisy reached out for him and Brian managed to pull her into his arms. He turned and reached for Carolyn, but another jerk sent them flying to the other side of the room. He managed to grab Carolyn then and pulled her to him as well. 

Lucy's heart pounded in her chest as she felt Jeff's hands slide down the back of her shirt. This was it. She was about to lose her virginity. She had seen plenty of dicks on the internet but had never been close to one in person. That was about to change. She was going to have one inside of her soon! 

Jeff stood behind her and slid his hands up and down her back in long and slow movements. She breathed out as she felt the tips of his fingers touch the bare skin of her lower back as he pushed her shirt up. She held her arms straight up to allow him to pull her shirt over her head. She looked down at her body and took a deep breath as she felt the back of her bra unsnap.

Jeff slid his fingers over her shoulders and she allowed her bra to drop to the floor, exposing her large breasts to the room. She reached up and adjusted her glasses as Jeff's hands glided down the front of her shoulders and worked down to her breasts.

"If at any time you wish to stop just say so," Jeff explained in a soft voice. "Okay?"

"Okay," Lucy tried to say, but it came out in a high pitched squeak.

Jeff's mouth pressed against the back of her shoulder and she felt his tongue slide onto her bare flesh, causing goosebumps to rise on her skin. She couldn't believe this was happening. His hands stretched down her stomach and down the inside of the waist of her skirt and panties. She took in another deep breath as she felt his fingers slide down the stubble of her freshly shaved pubic area. He turned to her side and slid one hand around to her ass while the other hand continued down until she could feel the tips of his fingers lightly rub against her clit.

"This is happening," she breathed as she felt her skirt and panties drop to the floor. "I can't believe it's actually happening.

Jeff dropped to his knees and lightly pushed her back until she was sitting on the edge of the bed. He looked up at her and smiled.

"I'm ready," she whispered.

He pushed her knees apart and kissed his way up her inner thigh until he slid his tongue up the outside of her pussy, causing chills to run up her body. She watched him as he flicked his tongue in and out of her wet pussy. She couldn't believe how amazing it felt! How had she never done this before?

Lucy could feel what she could only describe as electric jolts up her insides as her muscles began to contract. It felt like her pussy was erupting. What was that?

"I'm sorry," she said as she looked down at him. "I couldn't control it."

"Have you never orgasmed before," he asked. 

"I've never really even masturbated," she explained, feeling her face heat up. 

"It's fine," he said reassuringly. "There's a first time for everything right?"

"Yeah," she said hesitating.

"What is it," Jeff asked as he rested his hands on her thighs.

"Speaking of first times," she started. She had no idea how to ask him, but she really wanted to see his erection up close.

"What do you want," he asked calmly. "I'll give you anything as long as it's within my power to give."

"I've..." she took a deep breath and looked him directly in the eyes. "I'd like to see your cock please."

Jeff smiled and stood up. He undid his pants and let them drop to the floor. She could see the bulge of his penis through his boxers and was amazed at it when it popped up into sight once he pulled his boxers down to meet his pants.

"Woh dude," she said before catching herself. She was a woman now. She couldn't speak like a little-teenaged girl any longer. 

"You can touch it if you'd like," he explained. 

Seeing dicks on the internet had not prepared her for the real deal in real life. It had rigged lines and a large head and it slightly bounced to his heartbeat. She reached out with her hand and slid her finger along the soft back. The skin was much softer than she thought it would be. She wrapped her hand around it and could feel the blood pumping through it. She leaned forward and stuck her tongue out. She kept leaning forward until she felt the soft skin of the tip touch her tongue and pulled back instantly in shock. 

She closed her mouth and could taste something both salty and sweet on her tongue. She looked up at Jeff to see him staring down at her with half closed eyes. Was he enjoying this?

She leaned forward again, deciding the flavor wasn't so bad and lightly pressed her lips to the base. His cock jumped and fell back down, smacking her in the forehead. She giggled before pressing her lips against the base again. She grabbed his cock again to keep it from jumping away and stuck her tongue out to slide it up his shaft like the girls in porn did.

He moaned as she slid her tongue all the way to the tip and this time she opened her mouth and took the tip between her lips. She flicked her tongue across the tiny hole at the end to taste a bit more of his salty sweet and he moaned. She was doing it! She was making him feel good like he did for her!

Feeling inspired, Lucy pushed her head down a bit further down his cock, feeling the stop pulsing skin along to surface of her tongue. She got too carried away and gagged as the tip pushed against the back of her throat, causing her gag reflex to kick in. She pulled her head back and cleared her throat before looking back up at his shaft.

She reached up and corrected her glasses before taking him in her mouth once more. She drove her head down, taking his cock in and held it in as she rubbed her tongue from side to side of the underside of his dick. 
