 Sam awoke in a groggy state. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly and opened them back a few times until his doubled vision straightened out. 

What had happened? The last thing he could remember was a voice over the intercom telling them to stay put. Then the room had begun to shake him about until he must have hit his head hard enough to pass out. He scanned the small room. Papers laid all over the place from Sheri's satchel and...

"Sheri," he shouted in a sudden panic. What would he do if something happened to her? She was the love of his life. It didn't matter if she didn't see him that way. All that mattered was her safety. "Sheri, where are you?"

"Over here," he heard her voice call back with frustration dripping from her tone. 

He stood up and almost fell back over. He had to hold himself up against the wall with an upraised hand until he managed to get control of his balance once more. 

With his balance again in control, Sam rushed over to the other side of the bed where Sheri's voice had called from. He found her lying against the wall holding her head. Her beige dress was ripped in a few spots and her long light brown hair had dried blood in it. He dashed over and dropped to his knees by her side.

"Oh my god," he gasped as he looked her over for breaks, cuts, and bruises. "Are you okay?"

"I'll be fine Sam," she said, pushing herself up to a sitting position. "We need to get the pack, Sam."

Sam looked around the room and finally spotted the survival pack that he knew she was talking about. It was the first one that he had packed. The one for her. He jumped up and ran across the room to grab it. 

"It's here," he called as he turned to return to her. 

Sheri had already gotten to her feet and walked over to the bed. She was picking papers up and hastily shoving them back into her satchel. He dropped to the floor and began helping her pick the loose pieces of paper up.

"We have to hurry," Sherri said as she slammed her satchel shut and twisted the latch before cursing. "The latch is broke."

"I'll carry it," Sam offered, reaching out for it but Sheri shook her head.

"No," she said turning back to him. "You're going to have to carry me."

"I thought you said you were fine," he asked looking her up and down again. She didn't seem to be walking with a limp. In fact, she seemed to be in better shape than him.

"I am fine," she said. "You remember me telling you about an island we're going to see on this trip?"

"Yes," Sam said feeling quite confused. "You said we'd be stopping by some remote island for your study."

"That was true," she said, setting down on the edge of the bed and looking up at him. "There are some things I haven't told you. I couldn't tell you. I couldn't tell anyone. All of my research and hard work has led to this moment, Sam. I believe we have made it to our destination."

Sam was confused. Maybe she hit her head harder than she would like to have admitted. Sheri, seeing his confusion, reached into the broken satchel and pulled out a map.

"The maps I had you memorize are labeled just incorrectly enough to keep any prying eyes from seeing it as anything other than what I want them to see."

"You mean the maps aren't for a resort you're planning on building?"

Sheri averted her eyes and shook her head.

"You never intended to make me manager of a resort at all," Sam asked, feeling quite insulted. "Why wouldn't you tell me? I only wanted to do it for you, Sheri."

"I know," she stated as she stood up from the bed and looked him in the eyes again. "I know of your feelings for me and that is why I chose you for this trip. There are things that we are going to have to do that requires some of that."

"Some of what," Sam asked scratching his head.

A loud thump came from somewhere outside of their room and Sheri grabbed him by the arms to pull his attention back to her. 

"You have to fuck me," she said in a quiet rush. "I know it sounds crazy, but you have to trust me on this."

Sam backed away as Sheri hiked her skirt up and pulled her panties off in a rush. She gestured for him to come to her, but he kept backing away. Was she damaged worse than he thought by the storm? He wanted nothing more than to bed her, but not in this unethical way. He refused to take advantage of the love of his life.

"If you don't fuck me right now then we may both be dead within minutes," she whispered as she stepped toward him. 

She grabbed the waist of his pants and pulled them down to reveal his erection to her. Her eyes fell on it and a slight smile grew across her lips. She looked back up to his eyes and placed an arm over each shoulder.

"Impressive," she whispered to him.

A loud crashing sound came from just outside their down and Sam could swear he heard a low growl follow it.

"Now," Sheri said, jumping up and wrapping her legs around his waist. 

He wanted to pull away from her and save the woman the embarrassment of what she was doing once her mind was right, but the feeling of her wet pussy rubbing against the top of his dick was driving him crazy. She reached down and he could feel her hand push his cock up until the tip was pushing against the lips of her cunt. She lowered her hips until he felt himself slip inside of her. 

"There you go," she whispered in a slight moan just before she looked back toward the door. Whatever was growling seemed to have grown silent. "It's working. It's really working."

"What's working," Sam said, loving the warmth of her insides around him. "Please explain what's going on."

"Later," she said, snapping her head back to him. "First you need to grab the pack and get us to the captain's cabin."

"Ok," Sam said. He started to pull her off of him, but she squeezed her legs to hold herself in place. 

"We have to be having sex," Sheri explained with a frown. "The entire way. We can't stop or they will kill us."

"You want me to have sex with you across the entire deck," Sam asked incredulously. "What if someone sees?"

"That doesn't matter anymore," she stated as if it should be common knowledge. "If anyone is out there and not having sex, they are either dead or taken. Just trust me on this, Sam. Grab the pack and let's get the fuck out of this room."

Sam bent down, picked the pack up and tossed the strap over his shoulder while Sheri clung onto him. Her pussy felt amazing as it began to squeeze his cock in the rhythm of her heart. It was increasing. She must be enjoying it as well. He stepped toward the door and after a long, deep breath opened it to step into the hallway.

A strange creature stood at the end, blocking his exit of the living areas. Sam eye the creature up and down. It had a dragon-shaped head and large wings, but the body of a massively muscular human. 

"What the hell is that," Sam asked as he looked down to Sheri. She had her torso twisted so she could see the thing. She didn't look away from it.

"That is why we need to remain having sex," she explained. Her tone sounded more of awe than fear. "Let's keep moving. It can't see us."

Sam carried Sheri and the pack down the hall toward the beast. As he got closer, he noticed the things massive penis hanging down below its knees as it scanned the area. She was right in that it didn't notice them. He managed to squeeze him and Sheri between it and the wall to the open deck.

"The captain's cabin is that way," she stated, pointing toward the busted door that would lead to their destination.

"I know," Sam said with a shake of his head. "You had me memorize the layout of this ship also, remember?"

He could feel Sheri's pussy tighten further around his cock as her breathing increased. 

"Hurry," she whined. "I'm about to cum."

Sam rushed through the broken door and down the long hallway that led to another broken door. He could hear two people speaking to each other from within. 

"I told you someone would see us like this," Sam argued as he stepped around some broken glass. Once inside the room, he found a man and woman looking out the window at a giant forest just next to the beach. They quickly turned at the sounds of them entering.

"Who are you," the woman shouted out of shock. Neither than man nor the woman were wearing any pants.

"I am," Sheri began before cutting herself off with a series of moans. Her body jerking wildly on his cock. He could feel his balls tighten up and knew it wouldn't be long for his stamina. "Oh my god, I am cumming!"

Both the man and the woman turned to avoid looking at Sheri while she climaxed on his cock. He pulled the pack off and dropped it to the floor as he held on and closed his eyes.

"I'm sorry, Sheri," he whispered as he felt his balls empty into her. He and Sherri both jerked and twitched as their climaxes finished. 

"It's okay, Sam," Sheri said as she lifted her self off of him and stepped her bare feet to the floor. She turned to the two people by the window. "My name is Sherie Pena. I am a guest on your ship and have come to help."

"You need to remain in your room Miss Pena," the woman said as she stepped forward. "There are things roaming around. They seemed to have left, but who knows when they will return."

"I know," Sheri said simply. "That's why I'm here. I know how to avoid contact with them and need to tell the rest of the ship."

"The electric's busted," the man said as he leaned against the wall attempting to cover his penis. "Everything was destroyed during the storm."

"Sam, give me the pack," Sheri ordered, looking back at Sam.

He grabbed the pack and carried it over to Sheri, who was bent down and inspecting something inside the center console. She pulled her head back out and looked Sam in the eyes.

"Thank you," she said, pulling some items with wires attached to them from the pack and poking them into the console. 

"I'm Jenna and this is Johnny," the woman said as she approached Sheri. "I'm the manager of the ship and this is..."

"The captain," Sheri finished for her. "I know who you are. I memorized every member of staff on this ship before we took off."

"What are you doing," Jenna asked, looking confused.

"I can fix this just long enough to send a message through the intercom to the survivors," Sheri explained as she pulled back out of the console and grabbed a tablet from the pack. "Let's hope this works."

"We need to call for help," Johnny said with urgency.

Sheri tapped on the screen a few times and Sam could hear the speakers start to buzz.

"To all survivors. There are monsters on board. They are here to either kill you or take you away. They cannot be beaten. We are outmatched but you can hide from them. In order to remain hidden, you need to grab the nearest person to you and began having sex. It doesn't have to be a specific kind of sex, but it has to be a sexual act. You must be receiving sexual pleasure or be giving it in order to remain hidden. I know this sounds strange, but trust me on this. If you do not do as I say, you will die. All survivors will meet on the beach outside of the ship as soon as possible. Please don't disregard this..."

The console began to spark before a large puff of black smoke rose from within. 

"Fuck," Sheri huffed. "Well, hopefully, that was enough to save a few people."

"That's why it turned away from us," Jenna said as she looked to Johnny with a thoughtful expression. 

"Sheri," Sam said as he approached her. "How do you know all of this?"

Sheri turned to regard him.

"I'll explain it to you once we're off this ship," she stated with a pleading expression painted on her face. "Please be patient."

"We should probably leave now," Jenna said as she glanced back out of the window once more. 

"Let's go," Sheri said as she left the pack and began to step through the hallway. "Sam, stay close to me just in case we run into any more of them. Jenna and Johnny, I suggest you stay close to one another as well."

Sam followed Sheri down the hallway wondering what she had gotten him into. 

Lucy sat on the edge of the bed adjusting her top so that her cleavage was minimal as Jeff sat next to her. She straightened her black-rimmed glasses and turned to him.

"I need to check on Janet," she stated as she started to stand up. Jeff grabbed her wrist and she turned back to him. "She was by the pool. She could be hurt."

"I don't think it's safe to leave yet," Jeff said with concern in his eyes. "We don't know what the stability of the ship looks like. You could fall straight through the floor."

"She's my sister," Lucy said, jerking her wrist free and walking toward the door. "The storm seems to be over now so I'm sure everything's ok."

Jeff followed her to the door and stepped in front of it. Lucy had a moment of panic, thinking the man was going to keep her from leaving. 

"Fine," he finally said, shaking his head. "But I go with you and I go first."

She nodded her head and followed him out the door. They walked into the hallway and began stepping toward the end where the pool was. Strange sounds rang out from around them. Thumps, scrapes and the occasional sound that Lucy could only describe as growls.

She stepped out and looked over the pool area to see it empty. She walked toward the pool to see debris and rubble lying about, but no people. 

"Strange," she whispered just before a loud screeching noise called out from behind her. 

She quickly turned to see a winged beast swoop down from the sky and land ten feet from her. The monster and it was a monster, had the head of a dragon and a human-shaped body with massive wings folded behind its back. It stood completely naked and Lucy's eyes went wide as she seen the size of its cock. It seemed to smile at her as she watched its dick grow to a full and frighteningly large erection. 

"Jeff," she called in a panic.

"Don't move," he called softly from just behind her.

"This isn't Jurassic fucking Park, Jeff," she whispered back. "And that isn't a t-rex."

"It appears to be some kind of predatory beast," he explained quietly. "They live for the hunt so if you run it might take off after you."

She could feel his hand lightly press against her lower back. The creature turned its head quickly to regard him and became angry. It snarled and stomped in their direction.

"Jeff," Lucy said in a panic as she began to back away from it.

"Get behind me," Jeff ordered as he stepped in front of her and spread his arms out wide. "Run toward the changing rooms over there." He shouted as the beast started running toward him. 

Lucy spun and dashed toward the small buildings to the side of the pool. She heard the monster roaring as she made it to the doors and turned to see Jeff trying to dodge the creature's long and powerful swings of its arms. 

"Lucy," she heard a familiar voice call from behind her. She turned to see Janet inside beckoning her into the room. She dashed inside and slammed the door just as she heard the sounds of Jeff screaming.

"I'm so glad you're okay," Janet said as she embraced Lucy in a hug. "I was so worried about you. 

Lucy pulled from the embrace and wiped the tears of joy from her eyes as she looked around the small room. Two men and a blonde woman stood against the walls and watched her. They had fear painted on their faces.

"What the fuck is going on Janet," Lucy whispered as she heard Jeff's screams cut off abruptly in a gurgle. 

"I have no idea," Janet admitted as she pulled Lucy back toward the wall with the others. "We heard the warning calls over the intercom about an upcoming storm and barely managed to make it in here before all hell broke loose."

Lucy looked back toward the door. 

"Jeff was a good man," she whispered, feeling a great deal of guilt wash over her. He had to be dead. He was dead because of her.

"I'm so sorry," Janet said.

"Fucking hell beasts coming after some storm," Lucy growled. "How did the people who run this ship not know about a storm that big, Janet?"

"The skies were clear one second and black the next," the woman that had been leaning against the wall whispered. "I don't think they could have seen it."

"They have radars and shit," Lucy argued. "They said they'd be able to see a storm in the path plenty of time before it hits."

"Something happened," the woman stated. "I'm not sure what, but I'd hate to place blame where we don't know it should be placed."

"This is Rebecca," Janet introduced. "We were chatting up these guys just before the storm hit. She's cool."

"Nice to meet you, Rebecca," Lucy said, offering a smile. 

The creature began to screech again as they heard it's footsteps stomping in their direction. 

"Looks like it isn't over," one of the men stated. 

"Rebecca," a faint voice called from somewhere outside.

"Oh no," Janet whispered. "Someone's out there with that thing!"

"Rebecca," the voice called again. "Honey, where are you?"

Rebecca's eyes opened wide as she gasped.

"That sounds like my mom," she said in horror as she ran toward the door. 

"No," Janet called.

"It will kill her," Rebecca turned and said. 

The creature stopped its path toward them and Lucy knew it had eyes on new prey. 

Rebecca swung the door open as they heard the voice scream.

Lucy stepped toward the door and looked out. She could see the still form of Jeff lying by the pool with a puddle of red coming from under his torso. She looked up to see a blonde woman running from the monster. She was screaming in terror and looking around for somewhere to hide when she spotted Rebecca standing by the open door. 

"Rebecca," the woman cried as she ran.

The woman was quite beautiful. She had long blonde hair and a nice figure for someone old enough to have an adult child. Lucy hoped she would age well like that as well. The woman didn't look much older than maybe forty. 

"Mom," Rebecca cried out. "Look out!"

The monster landed just behind the woman, knocking her down. She squirmed and tried to crawl away, but the beast pushed her over on her back with one foot while it began to stroke its massive cock. 

She screamed at it and began kicking, but the thing just bent down and grabbed her with ease. It lifted her into the air and stared at her while it kept jerking off. She flailed her legs around, trying to wiggle free, but its grip appeared to be too strong. It reached its free hand between her legs and ripped her panties in half in one motion as it tore a slit down the front of her skirt. 

"What the fuck is it about to do," Lucy asked in shock as she watched the scene play out.

A deafening screech came from the creature as it pulled the woman down onto its enormous cock. The woman screamed out and threw her head back as it pushed her further down onto it. 

"Mom," Rebecca screamed and started to bolt out of the door, but Janet pulled her back in the room. 

"That thing will kill you," Janet said.

"Let me go," Rebecca shouted.

"I doubt your mom wants to watch you die," Janet snapped back. "What the fuck do you think you can do if I let you go?"

Rebecca reluctantly nodded her head and Janet let her go.

The woman cried out as, to Lucy's surprise, the beasts entire cock had disappeared inside of her. It had its hand around her waist and was using her to jerk off. The rhythm of it's jerking grew more frantic and the woman's cries turned into screams as she balled up into its chest and pressed her hands against it. She wasn't struggling anymore. She seemed to be... enjoying it?

A giant form fell from the sky right in front of the door, causing Lucy and the others to fall backward onto the floor. The creature was humanoid like the dragon but had the head of an angry bull. 

The speakers began to buzz just like they did before the warning about the storm. The monster slammed a fist into the side of the door frame, exploding part of the wall and making enough room for it to step inside. 
