 Part 4

The Rescue

"We have to stay close to our assigned partners," One woman argued as a group of survivors discussed what to do now that they have made it safely to the beach. 

"I understand that," Adam stated, trying to hide a bit of his annoyance. He was never that great dealing with over emotional people and in a stressful time like this, he had to deal with more than a few. "I'm not suggesting that everyone split up, just that some of us return to the ship in order to rescue any others that may need our help. I never even suggested you for the job, woman."

"The name's Janet," she called back with eyes narrowing. "I'm just saying that with us not knowing much about those monsters other than we have to have sex in order to keep them away from us, I don't think anyone running off on their own is a good idea. What about your partner there? Don't you think it's a bit unfair for her if you run off."

Adam looked over his shoulder to see Dixie crouched over the fallen man just out of earshot. He looked back at the woman... Janet.... And raised an eyebrow. 

"I'm sure she can find a way to escape and hide if those things come back while I'm on the ship." He knew she could. He barely knew anything about her. She was just some young adventurous woman trying to act "cool" in front of her friends by bedding a random man. If she was willing to have sex with him under normal circumstances then he knew she would have no issues finding another partner if the creatures returned. 

"Please excuse me," Adam said, trying to give his best friendly smile before stepping back. "There's someone that I must speak with. You guys figure out if you want to stay here on the beach close to the ship or if you would rather venture a bit into the concealment of the forest for camp tonight."

Before Janet could say anything else, Adam turned and stepped down the beach toward the four people standing off to the side. One of them knew what was going on and he was bound to find out as much information as he could so that he knew what he was dealing with. Any information would be better than what he had currently. 

"I think you owe us an explanation Ms. Pena," the curly haired manager of the ship was saying just as Adam stepped up to approach them. 

"That exactly what I was coming here to receive," Adam stated, causing all four people to turn to regard him as he approached. 

"How many people made it off the ship," the skinny brunette asked in a tone that expected obedience. 

"My name is Adam," he greeted in a tone of annoyance. "And you are?"

The woman seemed to be studying him for a moment before she finally gave up and spoke. 

"I'm Sherri Pena," the woman said with a shrug. "And this is my assistant, Samuel Griff."

"I'm Jenna Kennedy," the manager stated with a smile that seemed to be hiding an emotional breakdown. "This is..."

"My name's Johnny," the other man said with a nod as he looked back to Sheri expectantly. 

"Good," Adam said with a nod. "Now that we know each other's names, let's get back to where we were. You were about to explain what's going on here."

"I'll explain what I can once we get settled," Sherri began.

"You'll explain right now," Adam argued in a steady tone that left no room for argument. 

"Be very careful, sir," Sam warned as he stepped in front of Sherri.

"I believe she is the one who should be taking that advice at this moment," Adam said, narrowing his eyes at the man in front of him. He could feel his heart pick up and squeezed his hands into fists in an attempt to calm himself. He never did like it when a man stood up threateningly to him. 

"Is that a threat," Sam asked, his face reddening. He stepped closer and placed his index finger to Adam's chest. "I'm not going to warn you again. If you..."

With one single motion, Adam grabbed and twisted Sam's wrist, kneed him in the stomach and wrapped his tensed arm around his neck. He squeezed until he was satisfied that Sam couldn't breathe. 

"Is this your partner, Sherri," Adam asked, keeping his tone calm as Sam struggled to get free. "Because you're about to have to go shopping for a replacement. 

"Adam stop," Jenna gasped. "We need to remain calm."

"Don't I look calm," Adam asked, turning toward Jenna. "I will receive answers or this man will die."

Sherri's facial expression remained calm as she looked from the struggling Sam back toward Adam. Was she weighing out the decision?!

"Fine," She finally said, throwing her hands up in exasperation. "Let him go."

Adam released his hold and Sam fell to the sand, gasping for breath.

"Well," Adam asked, crossing his arms.

"A few years ago an ex-lover of mine vanished in a plane filled with hundreds of people. His disappearance didn't really bother me, considering we were merely friends with benefits at that point anyway. He was a good lay so I enjoyed keeping him around. Anyway, I got curious and began studying the flight information and its location just before it disappeared. Everyone assumed the plane had crashed into the ocean and the debris was swept away by the freak storm that had come out of nowhere. The more I studied the incident, the more things didn't make any sense so I kept digging. I used some leverage I had to get my hands on some more reports that had been kept hidden from the public. One thing after another and I ended up speaking with some tribes on an unnamed and unmarked island where I discovered a religion based around a dark storm that stole people as sacrifices for some demon's lives. I started looking into seemingly random vanishings similar to the one with the plane. Certain elements would have to be met as almost a calling to this storm. I found the likely next spot for the storm and found that this ship was heading right in its path so I decided to come along and see for myself."

"You mean you..." Sam began but Sherri quickly interrupted him. 

"I didn't know exactly what would happen," she stated, eyeing Sam as if cautioning him to remain silent. "All I knew was what the tribespeople had told me and that their stories were eerily close to my research."

"How did you know about the sex thing," Adam asked. He could tell that he wasn't getting the full story.

"The tribe went everywhere in pairs," Sherri explained. "One woman for every man. They explained to me that at any time they might have to stop and have sex with their chosen partner to keep the monsters from taking them away. I never saw any of them while on that island, but they truly believed what they were telling me. Each and every one of them. The chief explained that their island was only some kind of visiting ground and that there was a home island for them where they gathered strength."

"That's a whole lot of effort from someone to find an ex-lover," Jenna stated, showing a bit of suspicion of the story on her own. 

"I don't care about him," Sherri laughed. "The more I researched, the more obsessed I became. 

"Any other survival tips you care to hand out," Adam asked. "Other than have an orgy when the monsters decide to pop in. You do have some kind of escape plan right?"

"Up until earlier today, I didn't even know if this was real," Sherri explained. "The tribe explained that there is one ruler and that the men who are caught are turned into monsters that will hunt for that ruler. The only advice I can give is don't get caught."

"So we don't even know where we are in the world," Jenna said in a breathless voice. 

"That doesn't change what needs to be done," Adam stated, looking toward the frightened woman. "We need to at least try and contact help. What do we need to get started on that?"

Johnny placed an arm around the sorrowful Jenna before looking to Adam. 

"There is one possibility but it'll require a dangerous trip back into the ship," Johnny explained.

"Tell me what and were and I'll see it done," Adam explained.

"The bottom floor of the ship is storage for emergency equipment. There's a battery pack and portable audio communicator there. If you were able to retrieve that for us then I might be able to submit a powerful enough signal for radar to pick up. That could be enough to send them this way to find the ship."

"That would be suicide," Sherri explained. 

"I'll go," Adam stated, watching Sherri look away from his stare.

"You need to at least take your partner with you," Sherri argued. 

"I'm not going to ask her to go into such a dangerous mission," Adam said. "Besides, I'll be faster and stealthier by myself."

"The stealthiest you can be around these things will be with a partner," Sherri snapped. "You want to be a hero, but you'll just doom us all if you go in and get caught."

"What does this thing look like," Adam asked Johnny, pointedly ignoring Sherri's protests. 

The lights flickered less and less, keeping Adam in complete darkness for the most part as he reached the bottom floor of the ship. He kept his steps light and his senses heightened for any signs of approaching enemies but found none as he stepped through the busted metal door to find broken mechanical parts thrown all over the floor. He searched through the rubble for anything that looked like what Johnny had described and his eyes finally fell on it. The side of the console had been crushed and it was submerged in water.

"Damnit," Adam whispered as he bent down to inspect the thing. There was no way it would prove to be useful. The strange thing was that none of the other machines had taken damage. It looked as if someone had deliberately destroyed the machine. 

A thumping sound echoed downstairs from where he had just come from, causing Adam to throw his back to the wall next to the open door. He listened closely as he heard slight scuffling of what had to be shoes on the steps from above. The sounds were coming closer. He waited and listened as whoever was trailing him tiptoed toward the door. 

Just as the approaching person, or monster, made it to the door, Adam dashed out and slammed his shoulder into them and knocked them on to the steps. Something metal bounced on the floor as the flashing light above lit up long enough for him to see Sam's widened eyes looking up at him. 

"Don't hurt me," Sam cried in shock. "I came to help."

Adam stepped back from the man and glanced down at the floor to see a knife lying at the base of the stairs. He looked back to Sam. The frightened man's eyes widened as he seen what Adam had spotted and he turned and ran back up the stairs.

"I'm sorry," Sam's voice echoed as his footsteps faded.

With a growl, Adam picked the knife up and tucked it behind his belt before softly stepping back up the stairs. 

Adam moved up one flight at a time, stopping and listening everytime he stopped before moving up to another. No other sounds had called to his attention. No growls of a monster. No cries of a survivor and no more shuffling feet from a would-be-assassin.

That was until the fifth floor.

"Shut up," he heard a woman whisper from somewhere. "We don't know if it's one of them."

"Hello," Adam whispered back as he peered down the hallway, looking for movement. 

Complete silence answered back.

"My name is Adam and I'm with the other survivors," he whispered into the darkness. "I'm heading back there now, so if you want to get out of this alive your best shot is to come with me."

The silence was broken with some more whispering too faint for Adam to make out any words.

"Okay," the whisper returned just before two women stepped into the hallway and approached him. "We were starting to think that we were the last people alive on this ship after those monsters came."

A busty woman with long bright red hair stepped up wearing only a long-sleeved sweater that was just long enough to cover her ass. The sounds of her bare feet smacking the hard floor echoed. 

"My name's Jackie," she greeted with a shy grin. "And this is Melanie."

A petite woman with her dark brown hair in a ponytail stepped out. She was wearing a bright blue bikini that almost seemed to glow in the dark and gave him a bashful smile as she stepped up to him. 

"It's nice to meet you," she whispered. 

"It's nice to meet you two as well," Adam whispered back as he looked up the stairs and took a breath. "Okay, we need to be quiet. Do you know about how to hide from the monsters?"

"Yeah," Jackie said with a huff. "we duck into a room and hide for the rest of our lives"

"Not quite," Adam said, eyeing the two women. "Are you two lovers?"

"Of course not," Jackie laughed quietly. "What a strange question."

"The only way to hide from those monsters is to have sex," Adam explained, raising an eyebrow. 

The two women seemed to blush and refused to make eye contact with him or each other. 

"Look," Adam said with a shrug. "I don't care what you two were up to. That's none of my business but know this. If we do not have sex when one of those things shows up then it will take us and do god-knows-what with us."

"Can we just go," Melanie whispered nervously. 

Adam nodded and began softly walking up the steps toward the next floor when a guttural roar followed by a scream sent chills running up his arms. He held his arm out and gestured for the two women behind him to remain quiet.

Loud footsteps grew louder as a panting Sam ran down the stairs in their direction. His eyes were wide as he seen Adam but he didn't slow his run. He stopped once he had gotten behind and pressed a hand against the wall to catch his breath.

"Monster," Sam panted. "Coming this way."

Adam looked to the women, who were eyeing each other with expressions of fright. 

"Do not run," he warned them. "You can't get away."

Adam approached the closest woman, Jackie and pulled her into his arms. He pressed his lips to hers and after a moment of reluctance, felt her embrace him back just as the loud thumps of the beasts hooves rounded the corner and growled as it seen them. Adam reached over and grabbed Melanie to pull her closer to him, but Sam grabbed her faster and had his pants down in a flash with his erection pressed against the struggling woman's ass.

"Stop it," Melanie shouted as Sam pushed her up the stairs and ripped on side of her bikini bottom off, causing the material to fall to the side. He continued to push him and Melanie up the stairs, keeping the poor woman between him and the beast as he moved around it. 

Adam could feel Jackie's hand grip his cock, causing him to look back at her. Her eyes were wide as she looked up to him and then back to her struggling friend. He gestured up the stairs with a nod and began guiding them both up as she continued to pull on his dick. He picked her up and sat her down on top of his cock, causing her to moan and close her eyes as he filled her.

He kept himself between Jackie and the beast as he moved up the stairs. The creature stood on the top of the bend and sniffed for its prey, but was growling in frustration. He looked up the next flight of stairs to see Melanie trying to kick the still moving Sam from her as he rubbed his cock against her. 

"Sam," Adam called in warning.

Sam looked down to see Adam moving toward him and growled before shoving Melanie down the stairs as hard as he could, sending the woman flying headfirst down the flight of stairs toward him. Adam reached down and hooked his arm around the woman's shoulder stopping her face from smashing into the wall just in time. She looked up at him with widened, tear-filled eyes.

"It's okay," he assured her.

The monster roared in delight as he seen Melanie and began marching up the stairs toward her. Adam grabbed the woman by the arm and began running up the stairs just as a large metal shelf was pushed over, blocking their exit from the fifth floor. Sam looked down at them from over the side of the large shelf before turning and disappearing.

"Sam," Adam shouted.

The creature was almost on them when Adam looked toward Melanie and pulled up to where she was standing a few steps above him and pressed his face to her pussy. He heard a chirping sound coming from the shy woman's mouth as he shoved his tongue inside of her. The creature roared once more but stopped its pursuit.

Jackie's breathing turned to pants and moans as Adam continued to pull her up and down on his throbbing cock as Melanie squirmed and breathed "oh god!" over and over again to the feel of his tongue. 

"I'm cumming," Jackie moaned as her body exploded in convulsions. "Oh god, what now?"

"I'm going to set you down," Adam explained as he pulled his head from Melanie's cunt long enough to speak. "Both of you set on the steps above me and take turns."

Jackie nodded and Adam lifted her up, her juices dripping as he sat her down on the steps. Melanie sat down next to her and took his cock in her mouth immediately. He could feel her frantic breath blowing over his wet cock as she pushed her down on his shaft over and over again before pulled back and allowing Jackie to take over momentarily. 

He looked behind him to see the monster stepping up the stairs, its massive cock deflated and swinging from side to side. The beast stepped around them and shoved the shelf out of the way before looking back down the stairs in one last attempt to find them. 

Adam could feel his dick swell and his balls tighten as Jackie pulled her head back and Melanie took over once more. Jackie looked up the stairs to see the monster before looking up into his eyes. She gave a shy smile and mouthed "thank you" before pressing her lips to the side of his shaft as Melanie nursed the tip.

"I'm about to cum," he whispered.

Jackie and Melanie looked to each other with widened eyes.

"I think the spell, or whatever it is, will last for a while after a climax," Adam explained. "I'm not sure, but it seems that way."

Jackie gripped his cock and began jerking as Melanie looked back up the stairs to see the monster start to turn and leave.

"I'm cumming," Adam whispered.

Jackie closed her eyes as his first blast splattered her forehead and down her cheek. His second blast hit Melanie's face as she turned back to regard him. She jerked back in shock but pushed her face back toward his cock once more to receive the last of his cum with Jackie. 

They wiped the dripping semen from their faces as they stood.

"I hope you're right," Jackie whispered as she took a deep breath.

"You and me both," Adam admitted. "We need to move now."

Adam, Jackie, and Melanie stepped down the rickety ramp onto the beach as Dixie shouted something in excitement. He wasn't aware that she was so attached to him. Maybe he should have told her where he was going and what he was doing after all. Such a strange woman, Dixie was.

Jackie and Melanie screamed in delight and ran the rest of the way down the ramp where they and Dixie embraced in a hug. 

"Friends of yours," Adam asked as he stepped up to them.

"Yes," Dixie shouted in happiness as she looked up to him. "Thank you so much for saving them."

Adam smiled and nodded as he began to walk down the beach to where Johnny was standing with Jenna and Sherri. He felt someone's hand grab his arm and turned to see Jackie looked at him with a smile on her face.

"Thank you," she said. 

"Thank you," Adam said with another smile. She turned back to her friends and he continued down the beach.

"No luck," Johnny asked with a concern on his face.

Adam shook his head. "It was busted."

"And you brought more women with you I see," Sherri said, not sounding pleased. "The numbers are all wrong. We have way more women than men at this point."

"You suggest I should have left them," Adam asked dryly.

"Of course not," Sherri sniffed. 

Adam looked behind Sherri to see Sam eyeing him cautiously from behind a tree as he gathered dried wood for a fire. 
