 Episode Eight, Struggles of Power

"How much of a success was tonight, Kyle," Eliza asked her husband as she stepped through the halls by his side toward the holding chamber where the three women waited. "I honestly thought we were going to go about it in a different way than what had happened with us."

"This is a different way," Kyle said, not slowing his pace.

"And how exactly is it different," Eliza asked. Kyle stopped and turned to face his wife. Her face was set sternly in the way she always got when she expected him to see things her way. "They are terrified, just like us. They fear for their lives, just like us. They know nothing of what is happening or why things are the way they are, just like we were."

"And you suggest I let all of them in on every little aspect of the ins and outs of us," Kyle asked with a raised eyebrow. 

"As much as we can tell them," Eliza said in a matter-of-fact tone. "You stomped in and told them that you were their king, then hand-picked three to kidnap right then and there. You even had one of them hit over the head. I can think of a hundred better ways of making peace."

"Peace," Kyle asked, raising his voice. "You expect me to offer peace with them as if they are our equals? Eliza, they are here for us to use. I will use every single person to my own gain. They are nothing unless I decide to make them something."

"Your gain," Eliza asked, emphasizing the "Your".

"You are a part of me, Eliza," Kyle explained, losing his patience. "And with that said, I am the one that rules here. You are here to aid me, but don't forget YOU are here to aid ME."

Kyle began walking down the great halls once more, leaving Eliza standing in the same spot as she watched him go. He didn't like seeing the hurt in her eyes, but what needed to be done needed to be done by him. She couldn't begin to understand the pressure of keeping the kingdom up recently. The energy required to keep things going was barely keeping things running and it was up to Kyle and Kyle alone to regain the strength. 

The sorrow of seeing Eliza hurt grew to anger and the closer to the holding chamber Kyle got the angrier he became. These pathetic people had already started problems with him. They were nothing to him. At first, he thought he would be able to take them in under an agreement of weekly power absorption like he had with the lone survivor from the yacht. 

Of course, Eliza had no idea about the woman in the village. He sent a scout nightly to deliver supplies for her and he made weekly runs to the village to have sex with her in order to gain a bit of power. If he were honest to himself, Kyle had to admit that he enjoyed the secretive nature of meeting with the woman once a week. He had killed the three people that had washed ashore after the storm hit their yacht, leaving only Jasmine. He was about to kill her when the idea hit him. Surprisingly, she had agreed and had kept her word ever since. 

Two horned beasts held guard outside the door and moved to make room as Kyle approached. He pushed the thickly wooden door open and found the three women pushed against the wall on the opposite side of the room. He smiled in triumph as he closed the door behind him.

"Please," one of the women whispered to him. Her voice was almost inaudible and shook through fear. Kyle didn't bother responding for the moment. He eyed each woman up and down to take in the beauty of what he had obtained. The beasts that had locked the women up had stripped them of their clothing.

The woman on the left was the virgin. Her long black hair was pulled back behind her shoulders. He could see his reflection in her black-rimmed glasses as she pulled back at his gaze. Her breasts were large and round and her waistline curved in right before her rounded hips pushed back out to an hourglass figure. He allowed his studies to shift to the next girl.

The Asian woman sat on the floor with her back against the wall and her knees pulled up to her chest as she held them tightly with her arms while rocking slightly. Her large brown eyes darted to him from time to time but her fear wouldn't allow her to stare at him for long. The woman was tall and thin with fairly small breasts. Her long hair covered half of her face as an attempt to hide from him. The woman next to her caused him to shift his gaze once more.

The petite woman couldn't have been any taller than 5'4" but she seemed to have enough attitude for a woman much taller and bigger. She stood with her arms crossed below her breasts and stared hatred into his eyes. The woman's short brown hair was a bit messy from her trip to the castle but she seemed to be full of energy. Her breasts were of the smaller size like the Asian woman and although she held a bit more muscle mass on her, she held a slim frame.

Kyle shifted his shoulder and allowed his long black robe to fall to the floor, revealing his nude body. The virgin's eyes opened wide as she gasped, the Asian woman made a choked chirping sound before burying her head in her knees, and the petite woman's mouth opened in surprise but was quick to fixate her face back into hatred.

"This is happening," Kyle said in a tone that showed no room for debate. "At least for two of you."

The three women looked at each other in a mixture of fright and confusion before turning their attention back to him. The petite woman stepped up, placing her in front of the other women as best as her tiny frame would allow.

"I volunteer," she said, her voice cutting off to a whisper as her eyes drifted down to find his massive cock growing into an erection. "Just me."

"Oh it will be you," Kyle said with a smile. "But not just you."

The virgin took a deep breath and stepped forward. She tried to mimic the stance of the petite woman but her inexperience and nervousness just made her look awkward.

"I volunteer too then," she said, obviously avoiding looking at his penis.

"No," Kyle stated. He wanted to have sex with the virgin, but measures needed to be made and certain elements needed to be met. He had to focus on the growth of his kingdom and not just his personal gain. "Her," he said, pointing past the petite woman toward the Asian.

Kyle walked toward the women and pushed the virgin and petite woman aside as the Asian woman leaped and began running on her hands and knees as fast as she could to get away from him. He caught the fleeing woman with one large hand by the arm and lifted her to her feet. She screamed and began punching at him, but he didn't loosen his grip.

"You will enjoy this in the end," Kyle promised. The Asian woman twisted her wrist in more attempts to escape. Suddenly she threw her head forward and bit his knuckle as hard as she could while the petite woman jumped on his back.

"Leave her alone," the petite woman shouted as she scratched at his back. 

Kyle cleared his mind and reached for the power of manipulation. This would go much easier with the women desiring him. They had to feed him energy. They were nothing more than a source of energy to feed into his kingdom. Finding the power, he pulled at it but found his pull to slip around it like a hand attempting to grip sand. The power would rise into his grasp but only for a tiny moment before settling back down. He didn't even have enough energy to use the power to gather more energy. 

"Guards," Kyle screamed as he reached around and grabbed the petite woman. He released the Asian and forgot about her as soon as she fell to the stone floor. 

The door cracked open and a bull's head popped in.

"Bring my wife to me," he ordered. "Now!" The door pulled shut quickly and he heard the sounds of hooves smashing against the floor of the great hall.

The petite woman twisted in his grip as he stared at her. 

"I will not force myself upon your friend if you still volunteer," Kyle said in a low and calm voice. He didn't feel calm. He wanted to scream in rage. He wanted to show this fodder what he was. He wanted so much but was restricted at the moment. He didn't need to show them his restrictions though. 

The petite woman stopped fighting and looked him in the eyes before nodding. He released her and watched as she stood in front of him with no signs of fleeing. She even managed a smile in his direction.

Kyle placed one of his large hands on the top of the woman's head and pushed until she dropped to her knees. He gripped half-erect cock in the other hand and thrust his hips forward until he could feel the warmth of her cheek against him. She turned her head and he could feel her tongue sliding up his shaft. 

His erection grew until it was fully hard and ready. He tightened his fingers in the hair of the petite woman and twisted until her lips were pressed against the tip. Her eyes widened as she looked up at him. He didn't have the patience to explain to her what he wanted exactly, therefore with one pull, her jaws were opened as far as they would go as his cock slid in her mouth. 

"Stop it," the virgin shouted. "It's too big!"

Kyle looked to the virgin as she made no physical move to object. He smiled at her as he pulled harder and felt his dick slip beyond the barrier of the petite woman's throat. The woman gagged but took him in. He pulled further until he could feel the hot breath from the woman's nose on his skin as her face pressed into him. He released his grip and allowed the woman to pull her head back. She fell over to her side and coughed, saliva and pre-cum dripping to the floor as she caught her breath. 

He couldn't have sex with the virgin but oral wasn't out of the question. He turned his stance to take the woman in and took a step toward her. The virgin began stepping back as he approached. She pressed her back to the wall and looked toward the door suddenly as the sounds of someone stepping in caught his attention as well.

"You called," Eliza said, animosity dripping from her voice. "Master."

"I did," Kyle stated, purposefully ignoring his wife's anger and sarcastic tone. "Join me."

Eliza's eyes narrowed further in anger but she stepped inside the room and allowed the guards to close the door behind her. Her bright red skin glowed in the torchlight and her wings twitched violently as she swayed her hips in that walk she always performed when upset. He had never seen her this upset with him but those were concerns for Kyle. He had to be more than that now. He had to be the king.

"You're planning on taking the virgin right now," she asked with a raised eyebrow. "Do you think that the wisest idea?"

Eliza looked across the room, taking the three women in. She eyed the virgin, who still stood with her back pressed against the wall. She looked to the frightened Asian woman who had crawled back into a corner and was cowering from him. Her eyes then fell upon the petite woman, who had finally caught her breath and was pushing herself up to her feet. 

"You've been busy," Eliza said, turning her attention back to Kyle. "Torturing these women like a true monster."

"Shut your mouth," Kyle snapped at her, the sounds of his booming voice echoing off the stone walls. "I called you in here to aid me, not to judge me."

Eliza remained quiet and her face showed an emotion that he hadn't seen in her for what felt like a long time. Fear. 

"What would you have me do," she whispered in a tone that expressed defeat.

"I need some more energy," he explained, ignoring his wife's inner turmoils. "I need you to help me gain some. This one volunteered."

"Brave woman," Eliza stated as she eyed the petite woman with respect. The petite woman looked as if she didn't know what to think about his wife. She looked back at Eliza with a blank expression.

Kyle walked over to the petite woman, who was now standing again. He placed a hand under her firm ass and lifted her into the air. The woman looked into his eyes as he lowered her body until her tight pussy pressed against the head of his cock. He could feel her heart pounding as her cunt fought against his girth. He released his grip on her ass and thrust his hips forward, allowing her body weight to press her down onto him. 

"Kyle," Eliza shouted from behind him. "Are you insane!?"

Ignoring Eliza for the moment, Kyle pulled the woman's shoulder until she opened enough for him to force inside. He felt the heat of her body surround the end of his cock as she screamed out. His energy began to fill and he reached back inside himself for the power of manipulation, only for it to mystify to his touch again. 

"If you feel for this woman," Kyle shouted toward Eliza. "Then get over here and aid me!"

Eliza ran toward him and placed her hands on the petite woman's back. He could feel his wife's power enter the woman, gently caressing her as the power of lust twirled. The petite woman opened her eyes and looked into Kyle's eyes as tears slid down her cheeks. He pulled a bit more until the woman's pussy had taken the entirety of him inside. She moaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure as he lifted her up and slowly dropped her again. 

Energy from the petite woman slowly filled him but it wasn't enough. It wasn't entering him fast enough. He had to have it. He had to have as much as possible and as fast as possible. He needed more.

Kyle gripped the woman with both of his hands by the waist and began pulling her up and shoving her down as hard and fast as he could. The woman screamed as Eliza's hands pulled back. He pulled as much energy from her as possible. He could feel his temple absorbing every drop as he pulled more and more. The woman's body was tight as she tensed to his pounding. 

"Stop," Eliza shouted. "Kyle, what are you doing?!"

Kyle felt the woman's orgasm as a sudden burst of her energy flowed into him. He knew he could cum right then and there. Yes, he could blow his massive load into the petite woman and take her mind for his own as he did with Leah. Doing so would drain him temporarily and he still had one more woman to feed off of. 

He jerked the petite woman off of his cock and tossed her, where she slid across the floor a few feet and lied still. He looked at the corner of the wall where the Asian was and growled as he approached her. The woman screamed as she seen him walking toward her. He stopped above her, reached down, and pulled the woman up to her feet by her long hair. The woman's hands squeezed his as she tried pulling her hair free. 

"It's your turn," Kyle told the woman with no amusement in his voice. This was necessary. He needed her energy. He needed to fill himself with more. It wasn't enough. It would never be enough. He would drain her completely. He would savor this.

Something smashed into Kyle from the side and he stumbled a few feet until he was able to stabilize his body by pressing a hand against the wall. He could hear a low, ferocious growl and it took him a surprising amount of moments to realize the noise was coming from him. He looked over for the person who dared attack him to see Eliza standing in front of the Asian woman with her arms outstretched and her eyes wide with fear.

"You are out of control," Eliza said, backing away from his hateful stare. "You need to get a grip on yourself."

"You work against me," Kyle shouted, rage feeling his entire being. "You work against everything that I've tried to build since I was given this kingdom by that witch!"

"Riggan gave you the kingdom because she thought you were the best capable," Eliza shouted back at him. "You didn't have to excite her!"

"Exile," Kyle shouted in a question. "I ordered that traitorous witch to be executed!"

"It wasn't necessary," Eliza shouted back. Her facial expression showing that she was hiding something. "She was helping you."

"She was using me," Kyle corrected. "I thought you understood."

"I don't understand," she cried back. "I don't' understand anything about you anymore, Kyle. You've changed into some kind of monster recently."

"I do only what must be done," Kyle shouted. He realized that he had been stomping toward his wife for the last few seconds. Eliza was stepping back to keep a distance.

Kyle leaped forward, gripping Eliza in his hands and throwing her to the floor. She screamed as he grabbed her dress and ripped it down the middle from the neckline. Watching the dress slide off the sides of her body, Kyle growled again. She was beautiful. She was his wife. She was his love? He didn't know what love was anymore. Was love real? 

"Take me then," Eliza whispered. She lifted her knees up and spread her legs to show her shaved pussy to him. "Fuck me."

Kyle grunted as he grabbed her by the ankles and twisted her body until she was on her stomach. She turned her body to say something but Kyle pulled her hips up and rammed his throbbing cock into her cunt as hard as he could. She screamed as he felt her heat surround him. He could feel her insides pulsate around him as he slammed himself in and out of her as hard and fast as he could. 

He could feel her energy swirl around him as he rammed his rod into her. She was trying to make him cum. Well, if she wanted him to cum that bad then he would oblige her. 

Kyle pulled out of his wife and shoved his massive cock into her asshole, plunging in the entire way in one motion. Eliza screamed and spread her arms out across the floor as she looked up to the women.

"Just fill me with your cum," she pleaded as he hammered into her ass faster and faster. The swirls of her energy quickened and he could them begin to vibrate quickly as she orgasmed. Her pussy exploded across the floor, darkening the stone below him. 

"You want it," he asked through gritted teeth. He couldn't fight it and they both knew it. He would cum. "Here it is!"

Kyle closed his eyes as he felt his dick unload jets of semen into Eliza's asshole as he growled. Physical energy left his body entirely and he looked down to see his cum bubbling out from around her ass. He tried to lean over to the side, but his muscles were weak and he ended up falling to the floor as his cock pulled out of her ass with a 'plop' sound. 

Eliza lied on her belly for a long moment until the virgin stepped over and helped her to her feet. He watched as his wife guided the three women to the door. His cum dripping from his wife's ass as they left and closed the door behind them.

His wife would have to learn that he was the one in charge. He would make her understand. 

Or he would kill her.