 Just a story about a creature that lurks in our minds and darkness. Not really to much different from you, except for a small quirk. 

*****

Let me set some things straight for those that have followed us in tales, and those that know of us. Native American's call us ShapeShifters or skinwalkers. We actually protect you at times, like your pet canines do, from another creature.

We live in big cities, small towns, and farm communities. We have suburban homes, lofts and apartments, and farms. We have jobs and careers and dreams of how we want our lives to be. 

Lycans are very territorial though and if your sensitive enough you may know when we are around, at least your cats and dogs will. We try not to eat them but, if they become a nuisance or annoying they might come up missing.

Some of you may ask how we can stay hidden from you so well? We have had thousands of years to perfect this hiding and we aren't millions in numbers, this world is a big place. So we just tend to blend in, like the Vamps, we have learned new ways to live and stay hidden. Gone are the old ways, of the hunt, to many humans now populate the world. We still have hunts but they are far, far away from humans.

The war mentioned between Lycans and Vamps in tales still rages on, but it is mainly against the evil Vamps that would like to enslave humans. These evil creatures know no boundaries to there blood lust, or enslavement of humans for their.., own pleasures. These are the ones we protect you from now. There are, shall I say, decent Vamps, but they still need human blood to feed on. But have, like us, found different ways to acquire their food sources.

Lycans do not prefer human flesh, period, although some have been taken in desperate starving times. That almost never occurs now. The flesh of humans has a bit of a foul taste to us, some us have even grown ill from eating human flesh. Allergic reaction to it I suppose. 

We do not randomly kill, or terrorize either. Only time that happens is if a Lycan has went insane or berserk. Then we dispatch them quickly, if humans don't get them first, and if it is in our pack territory we move from that place quickly.

One myth I may lay to rest now, is the turning of humans. It doesn't happen but once in great while, maybe in two hundred to five hundred cases in thousands of years. Those that are accidentally bitten deep are usually dispatched quickly. Some are taken in, in rare cases, and cared for until the turning is complete, if it completes. Ninety five percent of the time they die, even if the bite isn't life threatening to the human. That Lycan has a reason to keep that human alive. Those that are taken in and survive are at the lowest level of the pack and watched carefully. Scratches and minor nips mean nothing, it is the deep almost to the bone bites that can be a problem.

I will recall one such incident I was involved in, even its outcome maybe.

Yes, the cliche, it was a full moon out, in October, yes it was Halloween Night. The full moon as nothing to do with Lycans, lay that to rest. My friends and I decided to go to a Halloween party that night. We dressed in our costumes, yes the same kind humans do, what ever it may be.

I went has a one eyed pirate, my date, Alexis went as time period young girl. Shawn, my brother, went has the 'Wolverine', rather fitting for him and his persona. A Princess, Superman, and you get the idea. Jackie, my sister, went as a seductress. All dressed to have a howling good time, off we went.

The party was held out of town on a farm by one of my, human, college friends, Nick. They had a cleared field up from their house, nice... place I might had. 

There was the bonfire, tables, and decorations all set up, even a dance floor area. Plenty of food and drinks laid out. The only catch was, his parents don't consume alcohol so it was BYOB, which some of us did. His parents only stipulation was no drunk and disorderly, get caught too tipsy and home you go. Nick's dad, Mr. Trotter, was cool with it and would look the other way a lot, but, he would put you off the property.

The music played, we ate, their barbecue was divine, we danced and carried on like young people do. The sun was setting, the temperature was pleasant. It wasn't quite dark yet, so we decided a game of hide and seek would be fun. Some played, some didn't, some just wanted to play hide and fuck. My friend Shawn, the Wolverine, decide to put a scare in the game. He disappeared across the field which wasn't but an acre. Then the asshole let out this blood curdling howl. Lycans howl, but Shawn out did himself. Luckily there was not any answer.

The girls screamed, some wet themselves, even Alexis. The guys cowered, one guy even pissed himself, and everyone huddled to the fire. The ones that had went to play hide and fuck came running back, in all sorts of disarray. I was literally on the ground laughing my ass off. Nick's dad even heard it and came running with a double barrel shot gun. I gathered my self enough to calm Mr. Trotter and I said it was a prank.

"You sure?" he said, with fright and concern on his face.

"Yes I'm sure besides there are no wolves around here. That was Shawn, my friend." I said, still laughing so hard I had tears running down my cheeks.

"Fuck! That sounded so real!" Mr. Trotter said.

"Ya, you think so, he is good isn't he." I said finally down to a chuckle. Shawn came walking up to the party laughing.

"Hey Kid!" Mr. Trotter called out. "Don't that again, but, just to make sure. Do it one more time."

"Sure." came the reply form Shawn.

This time he rumbled a growl out, then a howl, I joined in, then Jackie behind the fire cut loose. The pack was being naughty tonight. All the girls pissed themselves this time, some collapsed to the ground, the guys spun around looking for a direction to run. I didn't expect that, with us right there in the group and began to laugh again.

"JEEZ FUCKING CHRIST!!" Mr. Trotter yelled, trembling. "That sounded fucking real! I have hunted wolves and I know that sound." 

Mrs. Trotter even came running then to the party site checking on everyone with her .45 cal revolver. Big gun for such a small lady I thought.

Shawn took that to heart and I seen him bristle up and glare. I stepped in, to block his view and motioned my hands downward. Shawn frightened even me just then, of what could have taken place. Jackie slipped quickly around the fire and nuzzled up hard to Shawn to calm him, offering her throat up even, she turned putting her back against him and said.

"We are really very sorry Mr. Trotter, We have been practicing that howl for ages, the three of us. We didn't think we were that good. We didn't mean to frighten everyone so much." Jackie apologized sincerely. 

Shawn even apologized heavily. I apologized too, through my laughter, and extended my hand to him. He took it and we shook hands, him smiling saying that was a good prank.

A still visibly shaken Mr. and Mrs. Trotter just said we were too damn good and chuckled. He walked Mrs. Trotter back to the house saying he needed to get the tractor fired up for the hayride. 

Needless to say the game of hide and seek didn't happen, and I was looking to get Alexis alone for a awhile, damn it, thanks Shawn. Nick came over slapping me on the back saying that was really a good howling. He said to me his dad doesn't frighten easily and he was, if he brought out his wolf gun. I tucked that in the corner of my memory, in case I should ever need it.

One guy there had been drinking quite a bit, I found out later that would be trouble later on. But most of us were watching over him to make sure nothing happened. Word got back to me that he was a lousy drunk and tended to start fights. I think this howling had sobered him for awhile. The girls, all seemed to have to 'freshen up' all at once after that, and from what my nose was telling me there were many panties gone missing now, even Alexis's. Maybe Shawn's prank worked out well after all, for the near future.

Mr. Trotter pulled up soon after and we piled on the wagon he was towing. It was a big metal hay bale wagon with three foot sides on it, piled high with bales and lots of loose hay in the bottom. 

There was about thirty of us so Mr. Trotter decide to make two trips of about thirty minute rides. Shawn, Jackie and her date, and Alexis and I took the first run with some others. we all snuggled down in the loose hay. Shawn sat next to a young thing that had climbed in alone, she looked like a freshman year student.

We took off across the field, the moon was full and almost high, it was a beautiful sight to see and enjoy. We all were quietly talking as the big cabbed tractor pulled us along.

Things began to get real quiet, has bodies rustled about. I heard a few gasps and moans and could smell things heating up. I was busy kissing and fondling Alexis, tweaking her nipples. I was sliding my hand up her thighs to her bare mound, I already knew the panties were missing. Licking and nibbling on her neck and ears my hand found its target and began to stroke her now sensitive mound and clit. Alexis's scent was driving me crazy. She in turn was busy in my pants stroking my cock. I could feel her quivering, building to an orgasm.

I slid her on top of me kissing her deeply, her long skirt had slid up and she had wrangled my cock out and it was laying against her bare mound. I was just sliding in to her hot pussy, when the tractor stopped with a jolt. We had stopped under some full leaved trees between fields blocking out the moon and we all just froze in our positions.

"Sorry kids I forgot open the gates. I'm gonna get both of them while I'm down, be about ten minutes." Mr.Trotter called out. "Now behave yourselves while I'm gone."

The sneaky bastard planned this I now know, he chuckled as he walked off. Mr. Trotter had planned some surprises of his own for this hayride with the help of Nick. 

I heard a 'I got to piss' from Shawn and over the side he went. The girl he had climbed aboard with must not have been to forth coming. I didn't think much of it and continued what I was doing, to the satisfaction of Alexis. She had buried herself deep on my cock and was using small grinding movements, to my satisfaction. I could sense a lot of trembling going in the wagon as everyone resumed their 'activities'.

Just as Alexis reached an orgasm, there was a screeching, metal scraping, sound on the side wagon in unison with deep animal growling. Everyone was going berserk, including Alexis. She climaxed, pissed, and screamed at the same time. Then collapsed on me, quivering and clutching on to me for dear life.

Jackie was over the side in a heart beat. You could hear animals growling and leaves being thrashed around sounding like a battle. Then a double canine yelp, Jackie was back over the side of the wagon, half naked, next to her date swearing. Her eyes were still glowing yellow and she was pissed.

"That stupid son of bitch." She growled in a human voice.

"Jackie!" I yelled out. Snapping her out of her partial shape-shift. Luckily no one spotted it in the darkness.

She straighten her clothes, as we all did. The mood crushed by stupid, everyone else was a frightened mess at the moment. Shawn slipped back up in the wagon giggling and the girl he was next too snuggled up in his arms close. Jackie lashed out and grabbed the ear she nipped on Shawn and tweaked it hard. Shawn took it like a good Lycan, wincing and groaning knowing better than to mess with a pissed off wolfbitch.

"Every body alright back there, thought I heard a scream." Mr. Trotter called out.

" Yes," I called back, "Someone stupid pulling a prank again. We are all good."

He gave an OKAY, chuckled and climbed in the tractor and off went. There were Jac-O-Lanters,creepy falling webs, and spooky creatures all set around the hayride path. Mr. Trotter was enjoying this hayride too. We pulled back in to the party area and the next group climbed aboard, and off they went. I walked over to Shawn to check on him and make sure he didn't sneak off. I seen his ear had quit bleeding and the little gal he went with was washing it with water, cuddling up to him.

"Okay stupid, enough, that old man isn't dumb." I chastised him. "In case you didn't catch it, he is a hunter, if you know what I mean, and we don't need you fucking that up for ALL of us."

"I'm sorry, I just haven't had a lot of fun lately. I was just trying to have some fun that's all." Shawn whined.

I sighed, I could relate to what he was saying. I told him just be very careful. Things can go wrong with THEM. I gave him a big shoulder hug, instead of a nuzzle. Jackie came over and said she was sorry and nuzzled him up a few times. Things seemed to be smoothed over.

Just when I thought everything was good, the drunk confronted me. He was looking for a fight and that is the last thing I needed.

"You tried to make me look like a fool, you mother fucker, like a scared little boy." he said in a drunken drawl.

I realized he was the one guy who pissed his self earlier. Someone had try to disguise it by dumping alcohol on his pants. I needed to back out of this, which I did at that moment.

I grabbed up Alexis for a walk across the field getting away from him. I asked Alexis what his problem was and she told me. He is one of the first string football jocks at the college and thinks he is a real bad ass. Well that explains a lot there, I thought.

We had just reached the woods near some brush to enjoy the moon and evening. When he blind sided me, taking us both into the brush. I knocked him off and prepared to defend myself when Alexis rushed in between us. That jock made his fatal mistake, he grabbed Alexis and threw to the side and on the ground. I lost it at that moment, rage filled me. That's my female, fucker, now your dead. I shape-shifted and lunged fixing to rip out his throat. I wasn't thinking clearly right then.

Alexis was back up again moving between us and just has I reached him she was there. I was all ready fixing to clamp down on his throat, but, it was Alexis's shoulder I bit into as the three of us tumbled down hill into the brush.

Realizing what just happened, my mind raced quickly. I took the jock and threw him back into the open field. I scooped up my now unconscious Alexis and ran as fast has I could back to my place, forty miles away. Jackie and Shawn caught up to me quickly, we past Alexis between the three us. This way we could run faster with out tiring, soon we back at my place. Jackie looked at Alexis and said we have to get to the pack den, right away or finish it. I couldn't do that, so we left for the den.

We arrived at the den, the den mother as we call them , the alfa females, was already there. She examined Alexis already knowing what had happened and even why. She told me it doesn't look good, the bite is deep enough she could turn. I don't know why we have to be cursed like this, was my thought just then.

I was scared now, really scared. I cared a lot, maybe even loved Alexis. I was more scared of loosing Alexis than of our pack leader. He might just thrash me really good and hard, or, just end my life for this. 'We don't bite humans and let them live, ever..'. He told me, 'That is a death sentence just waiting for you'.

I had one chance maybe to make this all right, I had to visit a friend I knew. I heard he knew of a way to fix these bites and the victim survive. One small problem though, he is a Vamp, one of the decent ones. We weren't close friends but our paths crossed from time to time. We respected each other and we were cordial when we met, we would even exchange important information.

First I had to have permission from 'King' our pack leader. I asked den mother what she thought of my idea and she told me she would speak to King first, as he was her mate. She also told me he hates Vamps vehemently.

I was now really worried I may have signed my death warrant. I told den mother I really care, even love this human female, and don't want her to die over stupidity I and someone else caused. She went to him and told him what happened and how I felt.

King was angry, more than angry, he was furious with me over what happened and what I suggested. But unlike some other pack leaders he did have compassion, for he too had a human he had loved. He also was intelligent enough to see the advantage of a cure, if there was one, for wolf bites. He gave me permission on one condition, the Vamp doesn't come in our territory. Alexis must go to him. I did not like it but knew it was possibly the only way she would survive.

I spoke to my Vamp friend and it was arranged. He told me absolutely no guarantees or warranties and no money back. He did have a bit of wit for a Vamp. 

He made his potion and administered it to Alexis's wounds and gave her some orally, and told me in the next two days we would know. She could stay with him so he could look after her and would be absolutely safe from any harm. He also told me he wouldn't bleed her, but she did look delicious. He laughed at he look on my face. I was apprehensive but agreed, besides there was a little thing I need to take care of.

I made a call on mister football jock the next night, he wasn't going to play football anymore. It took but seconds for his thrashing. I explained to him he is fortunate he is not in a dumpster somewhere, where someone is scraping DNA to figure out if its animal or human. He walked with a limp from that night on, after his hospital stay.

Alexis survived and got back to normal. The potion worked and King can use it, if it is ever need again. Alexis and I still saw each other and had great sex for awhile. We grew apart and older. She got married to a really super nice, successful, human and had kids, Dave was his name. We actually became good friends, I guess you could say he seen my ugly side once, up close and personal. They had a fight, ugly marital fight. Dave realized he needed to take care of Alexis. 

Dave and Alexis's family were, and are, under Pack Protection now. They have passed on now, Dave before her, Alexis lived thirty years longer. I asked Alexis once long, long, ago if she remembered that Halloween night, she told she did and what a wonderful night it had been. Even how Shawn, Jackie, and I had scared the beejeebers out of everybody. I asked her if there was anything else, and she told me no, then added she kept seeing this man with crystal white pupil eyes. 

So as you have heard now, 'Turnings' could..., have happened long ago but now they don't. 

It is a shame about that limp Dave had though.