 (This story involves sex with the undead, ghosts, and perhaps a very unfortunate end for our protagonist. If that isn't your cup o' tea, I understand. But darling Bella will be a recurring character in some of my work,)




Bella wasn't your ordinary college student.

Honestly, Bella wasn't ordinary, period.

If you saw Bella first thing in the morning, you would think she was the most beautiful girl in the world. Her long reddish hair and piercing green eyes were a perfect combination, but what always got the attention of boys were her round, firm, and supple breasts. They were DD's, which would be impressive on any girl, but were incredible on her 5'10 frame. 

But then things got interesting. The tattoos that covered her body were bizarre. Everything from hearts and stars to zombies and werewolves. She was nearly covered in tattoos from her neck down. She'd put on all sorts of mascara and eyeliner, and she was never without her adorable pigtails. 

Now, the guys are her school were not stupid. They saw past her piercings and make-up.

"Tattoos? Piercings? I bet she's a freak in the sheets" they'd muse.

But she would just roll her eyes. 

"Stupid oafs. Useless trolls. You couldn't handle this" she would spit as she spanked herself and walked away, grinning.

She might have been a tough kid, but she was still a girl, and what girl doesn't enjoy making boys squirm. 

Unfortunately... There was a price. All the teasing, prodding, joking, it made the college jocks angry. So one night, leaving an "Asking Alexandria" concert, they ambushed her. They wore masks, but she recognized them.

"Frat pigs" she spat at them. "Help!" she screamed. They began to close in on her but she managed to kick one in a very uncomfortable place and take off into the darkness. 

She knew that they could easily outrun her, and would be on her soon, so she started using her wits. She had to go somewhere they couldn't find her, that they wouldn't chase her. As she burst around the corner a deserted alley, she saw it.

A graveyard.

She almost laughed. 

If there was anywhere that a girl like her would go where they couldn't follow... She eagerly ran through the open gate and dove behind a tree. 

She saw the small mob tear by, desperately searching for her.

"Shit. She got away."

"Where did she go man?!"

She giggled. 

She couldn't wait to report them to the police. 

Literally. She waited until they were out of sight and she pulled out her phone. 

That's when everything went to hell.

Her phone shut off. 

It was the strangest thing. It didn't power down or flicker off. It just went cold. 

She tried to turn it back on, but she dropped it, and couldn't see where it fell. 

"Fuck... Alright, I'll just buy another one" she said, admitting defeat. But as she tried to leave, the gate slammed shut.

Bella was a Goth chick. Scene girl. Whatever you want to call that kind of girl, so she definitely had sensibilities about the undead and the supernatural.

She'd heard stories... Pretty girls who were found in graveyards... Used... Worn out... Dead.

She gulped.

They were just stories, she told herself.

Legends. 

Still... The idea of being ravaged, slaughtered by the undead excited something deep in her. 

Her nips grew hard and her heart raced, she felt the familiar tingle as she got wet downstairs. 

She shook her head and started running.

She stopped. 

She was smarter than this. 

Busty, sexy girl, running through the graveyard... In heels? Next she would trip over a stray root or her own feet and voila... Damsel in distress.

She sat down and began to take off her heels...

Unfortunately she wasn't smart enough.

She tried to move her legs but her feet were stuck in the ground.

Then she felt it... 

A rumbling beneath her.

Suddenly a hand shot out of the ground... 

A rotten hand.

Green, cold, and missing chunks of flesh.

How did she know it was cold?

Because it was grabbing her ankle. 

She screamed.

Slowly one, two, THREE men crawled out of the dirt.

They were disgusting. Eyeballs missing, skin rotten, chunks, even limbs missing from his naked body. She tried not to puke, but her jaw dropped when her view fell.

For a few dead guys without heartbeats... 

All three of the zombies were hung.

Her eyes shot open.

The legends were true.

"NO!" she shrieked. They were going to rape her.

"No!" she screamed again. "Please don't".

But her cries fell on deaf undead ears.

They kept advancing on her and she couldn't move. 

Two more hands shot out of the ground and grabbed her wrists.

Another pair of hands emerged and ripped her clothes off with ease and proceeded to knead her breasts. 

She tried to resist, but her body was betraying her.

One of the zombies crept within inches of her and aimed its huge cock near her face. She tried to keep her mouth closed, but a cold, dead hand roughly grabbed her pigtails.

She gasped, and the zombie took the opportunity.

The zombie forced its huge dick down her throat and began to fuck her face. 

Tears started to roll down her face as she desperately tried to get air between thrusts.

His dick was mostly intact but it tasted awful.

Soon the zombie started thrusting faster and in a few moments, he pulled it out and emptied it onto her face.

She had let her boyfriend's cum on her face before, but usually it was only a string or two. 

The zombie's orgasm never seemed to end. It probably took around 10 seconds, but it felt like a lifetime to Bella.

She felt the gross, warm liquid splash into her face over and over, dripping down her chin and onto her huge breasts, which were still being held together by the zombie.

But then something incredible happened. After finishing his orgasm, the zombie let out a ghastly moan and turned to dust.

Bella had hope. 

With only two zombies left, if Bella could get them to orgasm... She might make it out alive.

So she gulped, here goes nothing.

She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, offering her throat to the next zombie. 

If the zombie could have laughed, it would have. Bella felt the hands on her wrists pull her hands down, leaving her on all fours.

"Oh no..." she whimpered as she realized the zombie had other things in mind.

It slowly lurked around her and groaned as he slid to his knees. 

She was soaking wet from all the excitement of the evening, but even then she wasn't ready for the 10 inch undead dick that violated her.

She winced as the zombie slowly rocked in and out of her. 

She was ashamed of how good it felt.

She had never been fucked by a cock that big before. 

She was even more ashamed when she had the first orgasm of her life.

But she couldn't help it.

It felt so good.

Her breathing started to get irregular, she can't focus on anything.

Not the dirt on her body. Not the undead cum on her face. Her whole body shakes uncontrollably and can't help but enjoy the way her body betrayed her.

Thankfully, it must have felt good for the moving corpse too, because soon she felt the disgusting juices fill her vagina.

She shivered as he pulled out and the rest of the cum hit her back.

She looked back and he was still there, moaning away.

She began to fear that he wouldn't turn to dust.

Thankfully for Bella, she was wrong.

As his huge dick shriveled, he collapsed into dust and bone. 

One zombie left.

She was actually excited.

The third and final zombie had the biggest dick of the three.

All she had to do was take this huge dick in her pussy and she would get to go home?

She was a Goth girl; this was going to be something she masturbated to for the rest of her life.

That's when yet another hand shot out of the ground and grabbed her throat, pulling her close to the ground.

She gasped for air as the unrelenting grip crushed her windpipe.

She hardly noticed the hands on her ankles sliding up to the knees and forcing her ass up.

She focused on breathing.

If she could get through one more fuck, she could get away.

She was growing impatient as the well-endowed zombie stumbled over to her rear.

All she wanted was his big dick to violate her. 

To make her feel like she was melting again.

And then to get the fuck out of there. 

That's when something awful happened.

She felt the huge, hard dick slap with a sickly sound on her ass... But he didn't move down for her pussy...

Her eyes shot open as the zombie roughly rammed her ass.

She screamed as loud as she could, but this zombie had endurance. He slammed into her hard and fast, over and over for what felt like forever.

"It can't get any worse" she thought to herself.

And then it did...

Out of the ground... Burst three more zombies.

The mayhem went on and on for the rest of the night. Zombies came from the ground and abused her throat, ripping her hair out and cumming everywhere from her tits to her throat while the big zombie in the back destroyed her ass.

After a while, she just learned to love it.

Each zombie was just as well-endowed as the last and she had a dozen orgasms. 

Eventually, the hands from the ground turned to dust and the final zombie pulled out and walked around. He aimed his huge member at Bella's empty, soulless face, and let go.

It looked like somebody was washing her down with a firehose. 

A hilariously unrealistic stream of cum bathed her until she couldn't breathe.

At last, the huge zombie turned to dust, leaving Bella alone, used up, and covered in the cum of the undead.

She tried to get up; she used all the strength she had left... But she couldn't move. 

The cum had some sort of numbing effect on her and she couldn't move. She felt herself start to sink into the earth.

The sun started to rise on the opposite end of the graveyard, and she screamed.

She fought and fought with everything that she had and she heard voices coming from the gate.

"Help!" she screamed. "Please god... Help me".

She felt several strong hands lifting her out of the muck and carrying her out of the graveyard.

When she opened her eyes, she saw her saviors.

And realized they were the frat guys from the night before.

Oh boy.