 [I, Sades, am one of three African spirits inhabiting the body of Wolfgang Bergbauer, heir to the fortune of his recently deceased parents. We spirits are controlling a wolf totem that turns him into a lycanthrope. I have a titillating story to tell you, one of Wolfgang's many adventures as a werewolf. 

This story includes his butler, Marko, and his pretty young blonde mistress, Renate Reinhold. Marko is as hot for Renate's delicious body as Wolfgang is, and she, always the playful little tart, wouldn't mind fucking Marko as well as wealthy Wolfgang.] 

The evening of the next full moon, nude Renate looked in her closet to find yet more clothes bought for her: two new evening dresses, one in black, the other, red; and on the floor, two sets of high heels, each matching the new dresses.

Marko has gone shopping for me again, she thought with a grin. Any more underwear for me?

She went over to her dresser to look in the top left drawer, where indeed, she found more sexy lace underwear in black, purple, pink, and white.

I'm in a black mood tonight, she thought, looking over at the black evening gown.

Twenty minutes later, she walked by Marko as he was approaching the kitchen to start cooking dinner for her and Wolfgang.

"I see you're wearing one of my latest purchases," he said, smirking and ogling her in that black dress.

"Actually, I'm wearing more than just one of them," she said, mirroring his smirk. "I'm wearing the black bra and panties you bought for me, too. Thank you. You have good taste."

"Oh, I know what you're wearing underneath," he said, winking. "You don't need to tell me that." He went into the kitchen.

Does he ever not watch me when I'm undressed? she wondered with a grin of titillation. 

After dinner, Wolfgang summoned Marko.

"Marko, take Fräulein Reinhold to the Safe Room," he said, then drank the last of his cognac. 

"I don't want to be locked in that horrible place," she said. "I hate it in there."

"You will do as you're told!" he said. "You know it's for your safety, and you know what I mean by that." He got up and left the room.

"Come with me, Fräulein Reinhold," Marko said, gesturing to the door opposite the one Wolfgang left through. Marko and Renate left that way, then went up the stairs and down the hall leading to the Safe Room.

"You can call me Renate," she said, smiling.

"Very well," Marko said. "Renate." They were almost at the door to the Safe Room when she stopped walking. 

"Renate?" he asked, looking back at her. "It is Master Bergbauer's will."

She was looking around to see if Wolfgang was watching them. He was nowhere to be seen, so after carefully looking around and making sure, she said, "I don't want to go in there."

"But you must."

"No. Don't lock me up in that awful room."

"But it's for your safety, whatever he means by that."

He has never told you why I must be 'protected' in there, has he?"

"No. He said if he ever explained why, I'd..."

"You'd have him declared mad and put away. He told me the same nonsense months ago. I don't care. I hated being locked up the last time, and I refuse to be locked up again."

"Renate, Master Bergbauer is, well, eccentric, that is true, but he is my employer, and I must do as he wishes. I must also leave immediately, so we mustn't waste time. His orders, I'm afraid."

"I'm not going in there."

"Oh, yes, you are."

"No, I'm not." She frowned at him firmly.

Marko looked her up and down, and smirked. "If I trick Wolfgang into thinking you're locked up, and I let you go free—I assume, to find out what he's really about to do, and I risk being fired, what will I get in return for my risk?"

"You'll have my body for the night," she said, smirking.

Marko cocked his head to the side. "Will I?" he asked. 

"Come, come, Marko," she said, approaching him and putting her hands on his chest. "Aren't you getting tired of just watching me undress from your hiding places? Don't want to touch what you've only seen? Tell me: do I look good naked?"

"You are flawless," he sighed.

"Well, I have a mark or two on my skin that I wish I didn't have. Would you like me to striptease for you?"

"I'd love that."

"Marko!" Wolfgang shouted from two floors up. "Why isn't she locked away?" He groaned and winced. "Why aren't you gone yet?"

"Get in, quickly," Marko said. She hurried into the Safe Room. Then Marko whispered, "I'll only pretend to lock the door." He closed the door and rushed away.

"Aaaah!" Wolfgang screamed, then fell to the floor. He crawled away into his bedroom. There he quickly got naked. I was going to come out and roam freely, at last!

Knowing where he was, Renate quickly slipped out of the Safe Room and sneaked up the stairs to where Wolfgang was. She carefully crept by his room, and using her skeleton key again, she unlocked it as quietly as she could. She slowly opened the door slightly ajar and peeked through the crack. His bare ass was to her, with hairs growing on it, as they quickly were on the rest of his body. She crept in and slipped into the closet, the door kept just ajar enough so she could watch the rest of his transformation.

Turned on by his growing bestiality, Renate unzipped her dress at the back and let it fall to her feet, which kicked off the high heels. Then she unclipped her bra and took it off. She pulled down her panties and let them fall to her ankles. She got her feet through the leg holes and kicked the panties aside. Now completely naked, she began touching herself. 

His screams of pain were painful in themselves to hear, but the sight of his body twisting and stretching into that of a wolf was so thrilling that she ignored her stinging ears.

A tail was growing from his hairy arse, making cracking sounds, as if his bones were breaking, instead of extending into new ones. His hands and feet were stretching out with the same bone-cracking sound, making him wail in agony, as if he were being stretched on a rack.

She continued sighing and fingering herself. She kept her eyes wide open, for she didn't want to miss one second of Wolfgang's metamorphosis. 

He rolled over on his back, and while he was hairy all over now, his phallus was visible—and large! She imagined that huge thing inside her, and felt herself approaching climax. Her hand was sore from shaking so tirelessly, as her fingers tickled her stony clitoris and dunked inside her soaking-wet vagina. 

Claws were growing out of where his finger- and toenails had been. His teeth were sharper. His ears sharpened, lengthened, and pushed up to the top of his head. When his face pushed out to create a wolf's snout, she orgasmed.

"Ah!" she screamed, then quickly covered her mouth. Luckily for her, his own screaming had drowned out the sound of hers. Besides, my spirit was taking control of his body, and I was delighted to sense her naked presence in that closet. 

He rolled back onto his four legs, which were now almost completely lupine in shape. He—I, rather—was no longer screaming, but growling. She, sighing and panting, looked on my lupine body in a mixture of awe and desire. 

Though my lupine body was based on that of an Ethiopian wolf, with a mix of orange, white, and black hair, my size was much greater, more anthropomorphic. She delighted at the sight of my huge jaws, giant, sharp fangs, and squinty, fiery eyes.

My torso and legs were like those of a furry bodybuilder. My long claws could cut through thick wood. I had a long, bushy tail, with white fur towards my behind, and black towards the tip.

She couldn't hold back any longer. She had to present herself to him...that is to say, to me. As far as she was concerned, if I killed her, then so be it. If I ravished her, it would be all her fantasies come true.

She came out of the closet and walked over to the bed, shaking and breathing heavily. She lay on the bed on her back, spreading her legs before my leering eyes. She pulled her bent legs up so both her anus and vulva were exposed to my eyes, which were as wet with tears as my mouth was with saliva. We looked in each other's eyes, her shuddering and panting, and me looking up at her eyes and down at her holes, up and down, and up and down, again and again. I approached her.

Wolfgang's urges and mine were at one, a combination of desire and hunger, bloodlust and and protective instinct. The conflict was overwhelming: all that delicious flesh, for eating and for fucking! My snout millimetres from her dripping wet pussy, I sniffed at it—perfectly clean, even fruity-smelling, for she'd taken a shower just before putting on that black outfit Marko had bought for her. That orgasm she'd just had, oozing all over her cunt—it hadn't fouled the smell at all. I kept sniffing both her vulva and her anus. I sensed the raising of her desire, and another orgasm on the way.

She just lay there, wondering, Will he eat me out, or will he eat me up? Her own thoughts were as conflicted as mine were: she wanted sex from me, but feared my claws and teeth mutilating her sweet flesh, as I feared they would. Part of her wanted to live, yet part of her felt she deserved death, as Wolfgang did, for killing his parents and wife. For Renate, too, had murderous designs against her cruel mother, father, and grandmother. And her fantasies of destroying them gave her guilt feelings just like Wolfgang's, a guilt that could only be assuaged, it seemed, by her death.

I kept sniffing that soaking wet vulva, wanting to taste its sugariness, but also wanting to devour all that food. My wolf's phallus was as hard as her clitoris. We both, Renate and my lupine consciousness, felt the extremes of erotic and cannibalistic desires, tearing each of us in half, just as the extremes of the light of the full moon and stars, and the black of night, made the polarizing that caused the wolf to come out.

My tongue was hanging, my panting matching her sighs. Finally, a drop of her moistness fell onto the tip of my tongue. It was a sugary drop of syrup. 

The door suddenly opened: Marko! Renate sprayed her orgasm on my nose, just before I jumped into the shadows behind a chair. Then he turned on the light.

Marko and Renate looked at each other with hungry smiles. "Was somebody just here?" he asked in pants, approaching and ogling her breasts and still proudly displayed spread, as was I from behind that chair. "I thought I saw...something...for a second. Never mind." Standing between her raised feet now (and blocking my view...fuck!), he took her left foot and began sucking on the big toe while unzipping his pants. "Was it...the wolf?" He kissed a trail of kisses along the sole of her foot while pulling out his hard cock.

"No," she sighed while widening her eyes and mouth at the sight of his impressive member. "I've just been...lying here...waiting for you." Then she looked over at me as I was slowly emerging from behind the chair.

"Oh," he said while mounting her, aiming for her vagina. He pushed the tip of his cock against the wet orifice, making her squeal. "Unh!" he grunted as he pushed it in an inch or so.

Always watching them, I felt my growing pangs of hunger. 

"Ah!" she squealed as it went in deeper. I could feel their desire, and all their sensations, through the psychic vibes rippling throughout the room, a privilege we in the spirit world enjoy. He pushed in a bit more, getting another scream from her. Once again, the sexual favours she was giving others were really favours she was receiving.

All that delicious flesh before my eyes...and now my stomach was growling.

She was looking back at me. Our eyes met. She had no idea what I was thinking.

He cupped her breasts in his hands as he got half-way in. He pinched her erect nipples. Coming again, the multi-orgasmic woman splashed all over his phallus as it reached all the way inside. He rocked the bed as he dug inside her.

He looked delicious to eat, and she, delicious to fuck. I panted out my temptation. The mix of fear and desire in her eyes was thrilling to watch.

"Ah! Ah! Ah!" she screamed in staccato high notes, grabbing his arms as he continued fucking her. He squeezed her breasts and buried his nose in her flowery-smelling hair.

In my mind, I could hear my two spirit brothers nagging at me, to refrain from killing him. There were other victims waiting outside, worthier ones. They were right.

Marko picked up her legs and raised them so he could jam his cock in her better. He was thrusting more and more aggressively, faster and faster. About to come, he withdrew and sprayed all over her belly.

I decided I'd seen enough, and jumped out the nearby window. As I scrambled along the shingles of the sloping roof outside, my claws scraping and trying to break my fall, I could continue to feel the energy between Marko and Renate through the vibrations connecting everything. I jumped from that lower roof and onto the grass. 

Let her have him, I thought as I raced into the woods. I'm hungry for food-flesh right now, not for sex-flesh. I'll have her again tomorrow—through Wolfgang, when I'm back in human form.

Two Americans and a Canadian found themselves walking through Königswald that night. Taking a stroll in the woods was something none of them would ever have done normally; but this time, they felt an inexplicable urge to do so...an urge inspired by my spirit brothers and me.

"What a beautiful area," one of the Americans said.

"Yes," said the Canadian. "The fresh air is a nice change, too."

"Yeah," said the other American. "I've been in the city too much."

"It's enough to make me sympathize with the environmentalists and get out of the fracking business...well, almost," the first American said.

"Yeah, me, too...not," the Canadian said, laughing.

I was enjoying the air I was inhaling, too, for I could smell all three men from about fifty yards away...and less...

***************

Meanwhile, we spirits could sense that, back in Wolfgang's room in the estate, Marko and Renate, having rested from sex for the past ten minutes, were ready for more love. He was still limp and spent, but his tongue was ready for action...and she wanted it.

"You're insatiable," he said, taking her by the calves and rolling her over so she was on all fours.

"Yeah, I am," she sighed, tingling with expectation for that tongue.

He spread her legs out wide. She pushed her ass out so her pretty, golden anus-lips were exposed. He licked his own lips and reached forward to give her behind a kiss. 

***************

I was now only a few yards away from the three men. Hiding in the bushes, I saw them coming towards me. I decided to let out a howl, to give their walk a little excitement.

"What was that?" the Canadian said, stopping.

"A chipmunk," the second American said. "What do you think?"

"Very funny, Bob," the Canadian said with a sneer. "I meant, why are we hearing howling out here? Doesn't that worry you?"

"It was up close," the first American said. "I'm worried."

"Probably just a stray dog," Bob said. "Let's keep going."

"Maybe we should go back to the hotel," the Canadian said. 'What d'you think, Craig? Haven't you had enough nature?"

"Yes, I have, Mike," Craig said. "Let's go back."

"Oh, you two are such pussies," Bob said. "Total puss—"

Just then, I jumped out of the bushes and onto Bob's chest, knocking him onto the ground on his back. His head hit a sharp rock, cracking his skull. No sooner did the blood begin to flow up there, then I bit into his stomach, bringing out a cascade of red to match the river above. 

"Jesus Christ!" the Canadian screamed.

"Fuck!" screamed the other man.

Then they began running spastically, almost tripping over rocks.

****************

Renate's pussy was now soaking not only from her own excitement, but from Marko's saliva. Her anus was equally moist from his lips and tongue. He was sucking on her left labium, gently tugging on it. Her right index finger was tickling her hard clitoris. She was sighing and squealing.

He moaned heavily as he was sucking, now on the right labium; his moans buzzed against her vaginal opening, giving her thrills that shook her whole body. 

He slid his finger in her vagina, drenching it in her pleasure. His tongue went back up to her anus, where he flickered its tip against her wrinkles. 

"Oh!" she screamed.

****************

Craig and Mike were still screaming as they ran, hoping someone would hear them and help; but they were alone there, and in a thickly wooded area of the forest, they hadn't even the moon or the stars to give them light. They stood in almost total black, and they were lost.

And I, perfectly able to see my way around, was right behind them.

"Oh, shit," Mike said. "Which way is out? I forget."

"We didn't run...the way we came," Craig said. "Fuck!" 

"And I'm too tired...to keep running," Mike panted.

"So am I," Craig said between deep, hoarse breaths. "I wish I'd gotten...into the habit...of exercising."

"Same here. Do you think...that animal...satisfied its hunger...on poor Bob back there? I hate to leave him...but I'm not going back."

"Me, neither. And I'm not sure...what kind of animal...it was."

"Yeah. It looked half human, almost. Weird."

Unlike all their loud talking and catching their breath, I was circling them very quietly. Had they just shut up, they might have heard my ever-so-soft footfalls.

"We'd better get going," Craig said. "If it hasn't started coming after us, it surely soon will."

"Yeah, but which way?" Mike asked, still panting. "We're lost."

"Well, I think we were coming from—"

Jumping Craig, I had already struck his chest with my paws by the time he said that last word, and Mike was already running where Craig had pointed.

****************

Renate was coming all over Marko's panting face. He was licking his lips and unzipping his pants, for he had worked up another erection. Her anal opening was as wet with his saliva as her vagina was with her orgasm, so she was already fairly well-lubed for anal sex. He wiped her orgasm off her vulva and smeared it on her anal ring and in her rectum.

"Oh, you bad boy," she moaned hoarsely, with a grin.

"I don't want...to hurt you," he panted. "But I really want...to fuck..your pretty little arsehole." 

"Go ahead, I've had it...in there before," she sighed. "First, with a man I hate, then with a boy I loved. I'm more than...used to it. In fact, I rather...like it now."

"Oh, good," he grunted, pushing his phallus gently against her welcoming, widening anus lips. Both lovers panted together. 

****************

I so thoroughly eviscerated Craig with my red teeth that his body was practically sawn in half; only his spine connected his top with his bottom half. The rest of him was a lake of blood and little islands of guts. But I was still hungry, and Mike was about to be dessert.

The direction Craig had pointed him in was totally wrong; he was now even more lost than before. But I wasn't, and I could smell him out easily.

I ran straight after him, and within a minute, I was already circling him. I let out a few audible grunts. 

"Oh, fuck me," Mike said, almost in sobs. He got out his phone in a pointless attempt to call for help.

As I continued circling him, I growled from time to time, making his head turn left, right, then left again. 

"Fuck me!" he squealed. "Where are you, you fucker?"

And then I jumped him.

*****************

"Oh, fuck me, fuck me!" Renate squealed. "Oh!"

Marko's cock was deep inside her rectum, rubbing against the anal wall that touched against her vaginal wall, giving her shivers of pleasure. "There you are, you fucker! Ah!"

Her anal ring was squeezing his phallus. He navigated his way in and out, back and forth, with soft groans.

"Oh, yeah," he growled. "Your arsehole...feels even...better than...it looks. Unh!" He reached forward and cupped her breasts in his hands, squeezing them aggressively.
