 Julie loves fall; the crisp, sunny days, the colorful leaves. And Halloween. So when it approached, she volunteered to take her nephews trick-or-treating. They are ages eight and ten, and sometimes they can be little hellions. They don't usually act up with her because she tries to keep them busy doing cool stuff Mom or Grandmother won't let them do. Things usually go without a hitch. But this Halloween would be different.

This year Kev, the eight year old, dresses as the Minion Kevin, of course, and the ten year old, Billy, as Iron Man. Julie dresses as Wonder Woman, hoping to forestall any shenanigans. The kid's costumes were rather bulky and hard to move in so she figured they'd be restricted in what kind of trouble they could get into. She did not expect that they could scheme and plot a way to do it. Guess she still sees them as little kids, and not little grownups.

She'd already taken them to Grandmother's house and did her street. They also walked their own street, and their bags were getting full of candy, with the occasional box of raisins, toothbrush, or other such items Julie knew would be thrown out. She did not envy my sister once they get the candy in them.

Anyway, they saw some friends heading to Main Street and wanted to join them. She saw the group was paraded by a set of parents so thought it would be a safe idea. 

Very few shops are open when the little goblins are about. One or two were and they were giving out candy and had beverages for the adults. 

"Last stop, guys. Time to head home."

"Aw, Aunt Julie, can't we stay out longer?"

"No. It's time, you have enough in your bags now to last until Christmas."

"Okay," the crestfallen voices say.

They approach a shop that was still open but not participating in treats. She should've had the sense to cross the street before they reached the shop but she was distracted by a group of older kids.

One minute they are headed home, and the next, she's getting yelled at by the shop's owner.

"I'm sorry, sir. I don't know what happened."

"Your kids just egged my shop. They got egg all over the windows and door, and some even reached the chairs inside. They need to be punished, and I know just how they should be."

"Sir, I can understand your anger. They are just kids and I have no doubt my sister will punish them once I get them home."

"Someone still needs to take care of this prank."

"Sir, if it will help, I'll come back and help you clean up."

"Thank you, miss. That would be helpful indeed."

"Okay, I'll get them home and be back in about twenty minutes. Will that be alright?"

"You'd better or I'll go to the cops."

"I will."

She corrals the two kids and they head home. She explains the situation to her sister and tells her that she'll take care of the shop if she punishes them. She agrees.

Julie leaves them there, trying to explain where they got the eggs, and headed back to the shop.

She walks into the shop and sees no one there. "Hello? It's Wonder Woman here to clean up."

The owner comes out of the back with cleaning paraphernalia and hands her the mop. 

"Please clean the floor."

Julie mops the eggy mess off the floor and finishes with a soapy solution and rinse. In the meantime, the owner, Ed, was doing the windows and doors.

They finish about the same time. "The chairs still need doing. Here are some towels." 

He hands them to her and she gets to work wiping off the chairs, three in all, starting by the door and working her way inside. Ed stands there watching me clean.

"You are doing a great job, very thorough."

"I don't want to give you cause to complain."

She's on the last chair and almost finished. Julie sits in the chair in order to reach the mess stuck to the inside of some decoration. Ed moves behind her with something in his hands but she's busy cleaning the last bit of egg and doesn't pay attention, figuring he's still cleaning too.

Suddenly a leather strap is put around her shoulders and is pulled really tight, making her sit straight up. "What the...?"

"A good job, yes, but someone still needs to be punished and I'm the one to do it."

"There's no need, it's all cleaned up. No harm done. Now let me go."

"It's the principle of the thing, and no, you're not going anywhere."

He comes around to the side of her and ties her arms to the arms of the chair. For good measure he adds a leather strap around her middle. She can't move at all except for her legs. Kicking would be futile, no leverage, no power.

"But mumf," she tries to speak but a gag is placed in her mouth. She's suddenly very, very afraid. She looks around for help but sees he has already locked the door and pulled the blinds. No one knows she's in there; she never told her sister what shop.

Julie is facing the mirror, staring at her bondage. He's moving behind her but her body and the chair are blocking her view. He turns around and pushes the chair around so she's facing the waiting chairs. She can no longer see what he's about.

He walks to the light switch, turns off the lights, and goes into the back room. She's left alone, tied to the chair, gag in her mouth. She sees shadows walking by the shop. Late trick-or-treaters. After a while, there's no one. The only shadows come from falling leaves. 

She has no idea how long she sat there. She might've dozed off for a while. She slowly becomes aware of a howling wind and she sees more shadows in the street light. There's a larger shadow at the door. She swears she hears them trying to open the door. She tries to shout, but her mouth is dry with the rag in her mouth. Maybe she doesn't want them to find her; it could mean a worse situation than this one.

Still he doesn't come back.

It's late at night and she's tired, so she dozes again. She's suddenly wakened by a loud buzzing sound by her head. Julie opens her eyes and there's only light from a small lantern. She can't see anything else in the dim light.

She feels clippers slide across the top of her head, front to back. The mad barber is shaving her head! She struggles, trying to get away, but she can only move a few inches. He answers her attempt by firmly grasping her head in a vice-like grip. She feels more hair on top being sheared away. As the blade gets closer to her scalp, she feels the vibrational buzzing down to her core. Even in her distress, her body responds to the sensuous feeling of clippers on her head. She feels herself moisten.

When all the hair is off the top of her head, he turns off the clippers, puts them down, takes the lantern and walks out again.

She's left sitting there again, in the dark, with a bald pate. She knows now that he's going to torture her all night. She doesn't know when the next assault will happen, and that's probably his plan, but she finds it's exciting, and her pussy tightens in anticipation.

Her mind wanders and she is lulled into grogginess here in the dark. She feels a skittle across the top of her bald head and down the side of her face. Ugh! A spider! Oh, no, more of them cross her legs! She screams! Julie hates spiders! After several minutes, they're gone... but where did they go? Not in her clothes she hopes. She's so awake now and aware, afraid of where they went. 

What was that? She hears a hiss from a dark corner, and a movement. She sits totally still, but hears nothing more.

Hours later, she thinks, she doesn't really know, she wakes to the buzzing again. He's shaving the side of her head, three, four, five passes, until it's down to skin. The buzzing feels amazing as she becomes more aware of it. He turns her head and does the other side. Clippers sliding up her head multiple times and she's getting into it. Her breathing increases a little as her pussy moistens a little more. 

Just as before, he turns the clippers off and leaves along with the little light there is. It's even scarier now, in the darkness, as the only light is from a faraway street light. She sees shadows, hear noises. It's Halloween, and who knows what may really be out there. 

Julie falls into a deep sleep this time, for who knows how long. She's jolted awake by the buzzing and the next thing she knows, he pushes her head down and holds it there. The clippers are now assaulting her neck. He shoves the clipper up her neck, shearing off the rest of her soft brown hair. His grip is like a vice and his fingers dig into her head and it hurts. This time he's being brutal with the clippers. It's like a million tiny teeth chewing her skull and spitting out tiny shards of hair. He digs the clippers in and shaves slowly up her neck. 

It hurts, but he keeps up the assault. Tears fall from her eyes at the onslaught of cutting blade and pain. He continues until all hair is gone, and she's totally bald, but he doesn't stop there. He continues to move the clippers up her neck. The heat of the blade is searing pain and the buzzing of the clippers is sending thrills to her core. It hurts so good that she grips the end of the armrests hard, as her pussy spasms and wants to be filled and fucked.

Just when she hopes he will continue so that she can cum, he turns off the clippers and leaves.

She's not only left in the dark, she's left needing physical release. It makes sitting in the chair very uncomfortable.

It takes a long time to fall asleep with her body in such alertness, but sleep she does, though not for long.

In her light sleep, Julie hears that hiss again. She stares into the dark corner and see movement. A snake slithers out of the corner and into a shaft of light in front of her. It stops and lifts its head at her, hissing with his tongue tasting the air. She screams but the gag prevents anyone from hearing her fear. The snake slithers on by to god knows where. Now she has to worry about spiders AND snakes. It took a long time to get her heartbeat under control.

Finally, her heart stopped pounding, and she felt a little calmer, and tired, enough to doze again. In her gauzy dream, she wondered what a snake's tongue would feel like licking her pussy.

She's jerked awake by a hand on her shoulder. A creepy, breathy voice whispers into her ear, "I saw your tears, missy. You want to cry? I'll give you something to cry about."

A drawer opens and shuts, and then a blindfold is placed over her eyes. Now that she can't see at all, her senses are heightened, and tingly. 

She hears scissors being picked up and she feels him reach for her crotch. He snips her costume apart down there and she fears he might get her pussy but he misses as he slices it far enough to expose her lower torso. He moves the fabric away from her lower region. Leather straps are put around her legs, holding them wide apart and her pussy is exposed. 

The clippers turn on again and she knows what he's about to do. Her pussy moistens even more. She feels the clippers on her pussy. He shaves her roughly, the clippers grabbing the hair and pulling. He's brutal yet careful not to draw blood. The vicious assault on her privates hurts but she finds that it hurts so good! The blade scrapes her tender area again and again and the buzzing seems so intense. She instinctively pushes into the clippers, wanting to cum, but he stops and puts down the clippers. She groans aloud behind the gag.

"Now let's see what you're made of."

He thrusts a finger into her and checks for wetness. 

"Oh ho, we've got a winner here. You're sopping! You really like it, don't you?"

She can't deny it; her body tells the whole sordid story.

He pulls that finger out and thrusts in two fingers, three. He fucks her with his fingers but doesn't let her cum, he's just getting her wetter for what's next. 

Julie hears him get up and walk to the counter. His footsteps disappear into the black night. She's left alone, wanting, no, now needing, to cum. This man is a sadistic monster. Why, oh why did she agree to help clean the shop? She knows better than to be caught alone with a stranger. It's her own fault. 

In her scared and anxious delirium, she imagines that her pussy answers her argument with, 'You love it, though, don't you, slut. You love what he's doing to your body, to me. You can't deny you love the clippers everywhere, buzzing like a vibrator.' Her pussy puts an exclamation point on it with an unsolicited intense spasm. She falls asleep, dreaming of clippers fucking her pussy. 

She thinks it's still dark when she wakens, and is feeling cold now. How long has she been sitting here?

She hears him approach and feels something on her pussy lips. He opens her lips with one hand, and shoves his huge cock into her. She's no longer wet after so long, and it hurts like hell. She screams behind the gag but it makes no difference to him. He fucks her a few times but pulls out.

"So, bitch, that hurt, huh? Wonder what this will feel like in you. Raise your ass up."

He puts his hands under her butt and rams a big butt plug up her ass. She screams again. She's never been violated there before. It's incredibly painful, but she forgets that when he again shoves his cock in her. He fucks her slow at first, then a little faster, and deeper. He pulls almost all the way out, then rams it back in, hard. 

"Bitch, you feel that? It's like two cocks fucking you and I'll bet you like it hard and deep, don't you. I'll bet you love it when it hurts."

He pulls out and slams back in, over and over. He rams his cock in so hard and deep, it reaches the end of her canal and she screams in pain. Tears flow from her eyes. He continues fucking her so hard and deep. Oh god it hurts! She's crying harder now. He's fucking her slower now, hardly moving, and even though she's in pain, she wants to be fucked, the need is so strong in her. She pushes her pubes at him but he pulls away. 

He continues slowly fucking, and hardly moving, pulling away when she presses. She gives up trying to get him to fuck her. It's then that he pulls out completely, leaving her in such pain, such need. Julie hears him leave the room again. Sitting on the butt plug is very uncomfortable, yet very erotic too, in a strange, sick, way.

She only dozes a little because of the chill in the air and the butt plug. Again, she hears him come into the room and stand in front of her. She feels his cock enter her pussy, a little slicker this time. He moves in and out a few times then stops while he fiddles with something. 

She hears buzzing. Dear god, no, not the clippers again! He puts his hands on both her boobs and she feels the vibrations under her costume. Vibrators, thank god. He squeezes and fondles them as he starts fucking her again. He moves slowly, shallowly, waiting for the vibrations to excite her through the cloth. She feels tendrils of desire snaking down from her boobs to her pussy. Her pussy juices start pouring out of her so he fucks a little faster, a little deeper. 

Julie's body, which has been in shock, is now responding to his cock and the vibrators. She slowly relaxes her muscles, and though she's still in pain, the pleasure is taking over. His hands move to her tits and palm them until they become hard buds and he can roll them between his fingers, pinching, vibrating. This sends hot shots of lust down to her core and she gets wetter, and needier. She thrusts her pussy onto his cock, wanting more of it.

All of a sudden, he fucks her even harder and faster than before. She meets him thrust for thrust, feeling so full of cock and butt plug. His cock goes deep into her pussy, his pubes slamming against hers, pounding her time after time. As much as she wants to fuck, needs to fuck, her pussy is becoming very sore and painful again, but she keeps up thrust for thrust, because she needs this. She needs to cum.

He senses her need for release, and moves one vibrating hand to her clit and rubs and vibrates it to exquisite sensitivity. She can finally feel it start deep inside, growing with every thrust. She suddenly erupts in the most wonderfully intense and painful orgasm that brings her to tears again. He lets her come back to earth before slowly removing his cock. 

He stands up, removes her gag and puts his cock on her lips. "Suck it."

Her mouth opens and takes in his cock. She licks and sucks, tasting her own cum. "Make me cum." 

She licks and sucks even harder, running her tongue underneath and finally he shoots his load down her throat. She swallows his surprisingly tasty cum.

He reaches to untie her arms and finally, her shoulder strap. 

He leans in and kisses her forehead as he removes the blindfold. "I knew you were a wonder, woman! How do you feel?"

She rubs her cheeks to release the tension of being held open for so long. "Amazing! That was the most incredible, unbelievable fuck, honey! You really scared me this time. That was an awesome trick you played on me."

"A trick that was a treat for both of us."

"How did you get the kids to egg the shop?" 

"It didn't take much convincing, just told them I'd take them to a pro football game and let them eat whatever and how much they wanted."

"My sister is going to hate you for that. I love Halloween. I can't wait for next year!"