 Danny had been but a young boy the day the meteor fell from the sky nearly hitting him in the head. He'd felt the 'swish' as it passed by his ear, almost like the sound of a bullet traveling at high speed. And for a moment, he'd actually thought that to be the case until realizing he'd not heard the rapport of a gun being fired. Turning, he saw where the earth had been impacted just behind him. It was hard to miss in the wheat field. As tiny as the rock ended up being when he uncovered it, it had torn up the ground a good foot in nearly every direction.

His parents had died when he was a mere baby, now raised by his grandparents on the small farm they ran and owned. He had taken the lumpy, pockmarked stone to his grandfather to look at, telling him how it had fallen from the sky nearly killing him. His grandfather had laughed, tussling his hair shrugging it off with a, "That's a good one Danny boy," which as far as it ever went.

Danny added the small dollar-sized meteorite to his rock collection, where it sat for the next ten years.

#

It was the day of the fire that changed Danny's life forever. Changing it in ways he could never have begun to even imagine.

His grandfather had died two years earlier. Old, tired and unable to continue running the small farm they once had, Danny's grandfather eventually sold out to a large conglomerate at a reasonably decent price, with one small concession. His grandmother was to remain in their small but modest home on a tiny one acre parcel of land until her death. After which, the remaining property would then be taken over by the property owners who had purchased the land.

His grandmother had died in that fire. Danny had been away at school at the time, summoned home upon hearing the news of her death. There were suspicions about the origination of the fire and how it had started. But nothing was ever proven. All that was salvageable was a few smoke damaged odd and ends, along with his old rock collection.

He'd received a modest amount from an old insurance policy as well as a long-standing trust fund left by his parents. Together, he managed to use that money to buy a small run-down shop that had once been an old bakery. It had living quarters upstairs, more than adequate for his needs and sufficient space downstairs for the business he had always wanted to run. So it was that Danny became a florist. And not the kind of florist that sold long stemmed roses, or made boutonnières for Prom night. Danny sold only potted plants and flowers, things that were alive and meant to stay alive with nurturing tender care.

He made a pretty good profit, and slowly his business grew. In time he had gotten busy enough that he'd had to hire on additional part-time help. Fresh out of high school, he'd hired on a young woman with a love and an affinity for plants nearly as great as his own. And the fact that Stacy was attractive was purely a bonus. Especially as Danny was at the age of 24, still a virgin.

"Danny? What's this?" she asked him one day. 

All that remained of his past life had been his rock collection. He had placed it inside a glass case where it sat in the front window of his shop as a reminder to him of how he'd gotten started. Stacy stood holding the small little pockmarked meteor within her hand. 

"Is this what I think it is?" she asked.

Danny was pleased that someone at least actually recognized it for what it was. He walked over to her about to tell her the story of how he'd found it when he noticed a small tiny bit of green fungus growing along one edge. It was hardly even noticeable, but it had never been there before now.

Gently, he touched the small pinprick growth with his finger. It tingled, or at least he seemed to think that it did. So he touched it again, but this time felt nothing. "That's interesting," he thought. Rather than replacing the stone back inside the case with the others, he instead set it within one of his potted plants wondering if he watered it, cultivated it, that perhaps more of the fungus might indeed continue to grow.

For years Danny had had this tiny little voice inside his head, something he'd always considered as a sixth-sense, telling him to nurture, taking care of the plants he'd grown so fondly of, almost like having children of his own in some ways, and so he did. In the days, weeks and month's ahead, those sensations, that voice became clearer, stronger, almost speaking to him as though it were a separate entity altogether.

For a time, Danny periodically checked his little rock to see if anything more was happening. But the small patch of fungus never really changed or grew. It remained as it was, even when he placed it more directly in sunlight, watered it more, watering it less. Nothing ever changed, and so he left it, forgetting all about it once again.

He and Stacy took turns opening the shop and closing it. Today was her turn to open. But as was usually the case, once awake, Danny couldn't fall back to sleep. He knew Stacy would come in early, she always did. With nothing better to do, Danny got up, dressed and headed downstairs to the shop. He had reached the top of the stairs when he froze. Looking down, he could see Stacy as she stood deadheading some of the live roses they actually carried. He smiled, pleased at the thought that she was just as enthralled with her work as he was. About to call out to her, telling her "good-morning" the words stuck in his throat as he watched her lean over, lifting her tee shirt. Curiously, she then rubbed each and every one of the tiny rose buds against her nipples, as though using them to kiss herself with. Now his respect for her diminished within the span of a heartbeat. If she was in fact doing nothing more than some sort of decadent kinky little activity with his plants, then he would have no more of it. She was done here!

"You want to tell me just what the hell it is that you're doing?" he blurted as he came down the stairs. He'd caught her by surprise, she turning red-faced as she fought and lost the battle for a brief moment in trying to cover up her exposed breasts.

"I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were even up yet!" she stammered by way of explanation.

"I can see that!" Danny spat furiously. "What I want to know is, what the fuck are you doing to my plants?"

In all the time they had worked together, he had never once used any form of profanity around her whatsoever. In doing so, he told her in simple quick terms just how truly upset he really was.

"Danny? Please listen to me for a moment, give me a chance to explain!" she said pleadingly. He did like her, or at least had liked her. So deciding to give her the benefit of the doubt, he walked over to her and stood.

"Go ahead, but it better be good," he said sternly. He waited patiently, Stacy was obviously thinking about what to say, merely confirming his own suspicions that she was going to come up with some far-out hair-brained justification for what he had just witnessed. And as she began, that's exactly what he heard as she explained.

"I've been doing something," she told him. "I can't really explain why, the only thing I can really do is to show you."

Stacy led him over to the other side of the isle where another batch of potted roses stood growing. "You see these?" she asked.

"Yes, of course," Danny replied irritably. 

"Look at them, then come back over here and look at these!" Danny did so. To the novice, the untrained eye, there was hardly any difference. But Danny saw the difference almost immediately. One side of the isle, the roses seemed to have a sharper color, a darker sheen to their leaves.

"So?" he asked. "Yeah, there's a difference...so?" he repeated asking again.

"So...this side I've been letting the roses kiss my nipples, but not on this side," she announced as though it made perfect sense.

"I'm still not following. You mean to tell me that the roses over here are doing better because you've been rubbing your tits on them?" he questioned actually laughing.

He could tell in speaking that he had indeed hurt her feelings, she appeared ready to cry. "Yes Danny, that's exactly what I'm trying to tell you!"

"And why would you even do that?" he asked her. "What made you even think about doing that in the first place?" He could see by his question to her, that she really didn't have an answer for that one.

"All I know is this. One day I was back here working, doing what I usually do, snipping off dead leaves, pruning all that stuff. Anyway, a bee suddenly flew down the front of the blouse I was wearing. I quickly ripped it off, not wanting to hurt the bee, but not wanting to get stung either. And I know...that you know, I hardly if ever wear a bra. Not like I have big boobs...you already know that, especially now," she added.

Danny felt his face flush slightly. "Go on," he said defensively, covering his own embarrassment.

"Anyway, no sooner had I removed it, I had this feeling, hard to explain, hard to even try to explain it. But then this thought popped into my head, more like a request, a suggestion than anything else. I heard the words, or thought I did anyway...'feed me!'"

"Feed me?"

"Yeah...feed me! And that's when I turned."

"Turned?"

"Yeah, turned. I thought for a moment that maybe it was you who I'd heard, so I turned."

"With your blouse off."

"Yeah, but I wasn't really thinking about that for some reason, I just knew I was supposed to turn, so I did."

This time Danny didn't comment, waiting for her to continue, which she did.

"Anyway, as I turned, one of my boobs brushed up against one of the roses. When it did, I felt this tingle course through my nipple, just like someone had kissed it. And I don't mind telling you Danny, and in fact I will. I've only let one boy ever feel me up, or kiss my breasts, just one. But it felt exactly like that, just like someone had kissed it when that happened."

Admittedly, Danny felt a slight tingle travel up his spine when she spoke. "Then what happened?"

"Well nothing else really, not that day anyway. But the next day. I came in to do my usual stuff, and I noticed that that particular rose had suddenly bloomed, it shouldn't have, not that soon anyway. But it had. Even more importantly however, the color on just that one bud was more vivacious, richer, deeper in color than any of the others. Additionally, that single bud out lasted all the others holding both its shape as well as it's color. That's when I decided to experiment."

"By letting the other buds kiss your nipples."

"Exactly. But I wanted to make sure that it was having the affect I thought it would for some reason. So I purposely refrained from doing that to any of these roses on this side, but doing it to each and every one of the roses on this side," she said pointing. "And as you can see Danny, all of these are doing a hell of a lot better than those!"

Once again Danny checked both sides of the isle. There was no mistaking it, the roses she'd been allowing to caress her breasts did in fact appear to be doing better than the others, far healthier looking, much more vivacious, fuller...stronger.

"Tell me, which rose was it?" he asked.

"This one!" she drew his attention towards. "The one with your little meteorite still sitting in it!"

Danny reached for, picking up the long forgotten little stone. He turned it, and then gasped. Though the fungus hadn't grown much, there was now dead-center within the middle of the patch, a teeny-tiny little stem that stood out from it a good one quarter of an inch, much like a feeler off a sprouting potato,

"Damn Stacy, look at this!" he said holding up the stone for her to see. "It's growing! Whatever the hell it is, it's actually growing!" #

"Ok, look Stacy, I'm sorry. You've convinced me. Whatever the hell it is that's going on here, I think...it's got something to do with this meteor!"

"So now what?" she asked equally curious.

"You willing to do something for me?" he asked.

"Sure, name it!"

"Rub this against your boob."

"Ok," she paused briefly. "Sure, why not?" Lifting her tee shirt, she pressed the little stone against her breast, specifically the tiny little white tentacle. The moment she did, her eyes popped open even wider than they had been.

"What?"

"Oh my!" she exclaimed.

"What? What?" Danny repeated. She was blushing.

"I felt it!"

"Felt what?"

"Here, down here! I felt it here!" she said, then stood, slipping her hand down between her legs as though mesmerized.

"Stacy?" She continued touching herself. "Stacy!" Danny yelled loudly, only then breaking her almost hypnotic like trance.

"Fuck!" she exclaimed.

Not only had he never used that word, nor any other around her before now, neither had she. Hearing her say it both shocked as well as alarmed him. "What happened?" he asked worriedly.

"God Danny, I don't know. Suddenly, I felt a little strange, more like being really, really horny!" she was blushing again, profusely this time. "Like I said Danny, I've only let one other boy ever touch me, but only my breasts. I'm actually still a virgin. But that doesn't mean I don't think about it, or have those thoughts or desires, because I do. And it was sort of like that, that feeling, that 'itch' between my legs that I sometimes get, that horny feeling!" she left off without adding anything further. "You're telling me that touching this rock made you horny?"

She grinned at him, wickedly. "Yeah, I guess you could say that it did!"

Before he knew what was even going on, Stacy crossed the few short steps between them, closing on him, and then kissing him. The feel of her still exposed breasts pressing against his chest sending additional shock waves of both surprise as well as delight as they stood there together. Danny set the rock down on the table, embracing her now, his hands slowly running up along side of her, finding her breasts.

"Make love to me Danny, please! Make love to me!"

"Here? Now?" he questioned incredulously.

"Yes! Right here! Right now!"

"But I don't know...I've never...shit Stacy! I'm still a virgin!"

She grinned. "So am I? Remember?"

#

Before either one had a chance to think about what they were doing, or about to do, they stood naked. Stacy, bending over leaning against the table of potted plants. "Fuck me Danny, please...fuck me!" she pleaded wantonly in a voice and tone he had never heard her ever use before. And for himself, the feeling of pure unadulterated lust coursed through his entire being like wildfire, his cock rigid, harder than he ever remembered it ever being before. Without so much as a care as to any possible damage or injury he might cause her, Danny stood, mounting her from behind and thrust!

He penetrated her deeply, completely all at once. She allowed a brief tiny yell of discomfort, now moaning deeply as Danny began to thrust in and out of her without hesitation. His orgasm, as well as hers were upon them both before either of them really knew it. The time of their coupling hardly worth mentioning so fast had it been and occurred from start to finish. But then they were finished. Danny spurting his seed deep inside her, Stacy moaning, groaning and then convulsing spasmodically about him as she came, adding her own sweet nectar to his, that now began to pool, running down the side of her leg.

"Danny?"

"Yeah?" he said stepping away finally, a feeling of embarrassment as well as guilt suddenly seizing him.

"Look!" Stacy exclaimed in surprise. "Look!"

He did, and saw what had once been a tiny little tentacle, had grown out to incredible proportions, reaching for, and wrapping itself around the upper thigh of her leg. There it rested, bathing itself in the tiny little stream of their mutual climax as it ran down her leg.

"Feed me!"

"Danny? Did you hear that? Tell me you heard that!"

"Feed me!" the voice came again.

He was staring at her, at the rock with its long narrow arm. "I did," he said softly. "God help us, I did!"

#

By the end of the week, the thing was no longer a long white little tentacle growing outside of the rock. It had become a good-sized fern looking like plant with a multitude of overlapping leaves, each one with swirls of color, reds, blues, yellows and oranges. Including a color that neither one of them had ever seen in anyway shape or form before. There was no word for it, no color that could match it in the spectrum of the rainbow. And though Danny knew the rock existed somewhere within the bushy like plant, any time he had gone in search of it, the leaves had stung him, not painfully, but just enough to warn him away from searching any further. Otherwise, either he or Stacy could in fact touch the plant without any sensation at all, unless and until it became hungry again. When it did, they would hear the words becoming now all too familiar with them.

"Feed me!"

They would stand, making love next to it, the long white feeler sometimes wrapping itself around Danny's prick, even as he stood thrusting in and out of Stacy's cunt. When they had climaxed, only then did the long white finger disappear somewhere deep inside the recess of the now much fuller, thicker looking plant.

By the end of the month, it looked more like a medium sized bush, the upper portion of which now taking shape, resembling something more humanoid in nature, though without any real distinguishable features. And, it had begun saying more than simply, "feed me!" 

Like a child learning to speak, it's few words and sentences were short and choppy. They had also learned it was purely telepathic when speaking to them. They had tried using a tape recorder, hearing themselves speaking, knowing as they did and had been, that so to had the plant. Especially as they had held out from feeding it, ensuring that it was not only ravenous, but extremely excited. It had been in fact a mistake doing that. One in which they would never do again.

They had stood by listening to its ever-increasing pleas to be fed. Finally, as Stacy stood off to one side of it, it reached out faster than either one of them could have moved, enfolding her, not with arms, but more of a wing-like embrace, pulling her into itself. There it held her, Danny listening to a hiss-like sound that he knew and took as a threatened warning. Transfixed, he saw it as the leafs, more like individual feathers now, independent of one another, worked yet together as they pulled off first her tee shirt, then lifting her upwards most easily, her shorts as well as her panties until she hung suspended nakedly in mid-air. 

As for Stacy, only the brief moment when the bush-like plant seized her, did she appear in the least alarmed. Mere seconds after that, her look became serene, then lusty as it continued to hold her there, the feather-like leaves caressing her body all at once. She had hung there, her own hands now held against the leafy-like hands of the creatures upon her breasts, guiding them, circling her nipples, teasing them, showing it how in a bizarre way, to pleasure herself. She soon did the same when it came to actually masturbating herself, her fingers at first guiding those of the plant, then allowing it to feather her on it's own. The hiss Danny had heard moments ago, now becoming more of a gentle soft humming sound that continued in vibration until Stacy, along with the plant seemed to reach a crescendo of pleasure, succumbing to it. She cried out in total and complete ecstasy, as now did the plant as the humming reached a pitch inside Danny's mind that nearly drove him to his knees. Amazingly, Stacy had appeared unaffected by any of it. Only when finally lowered, the plant retreating away from her, did she regain any sense of awareness, and even then, absolutely no memory of what had just occurred prior to her first standing there before being grabbed.
