 This story is technically in connection closely with my other submission "Ivrei and Mayja" as well as the "Welcomed" series involving Garen, Cirella, and Fyrah. Although this one is technically stand alone, so feel free to just read this one at your leisure.

As you read, though, be wary of a change going anywhere from monsters, pregnancy, forbidden romance, slavery, seduction, and more pregnancy later on. Some pretty kinky whatevers going on here. Oh, and fingering, there's some of that too.

Have fun!

******

Prologue

In legend, the ancient lands surrounding the area of Niturah were ruled, to the strength of an iron gauntlet locked in place about a length of chains, by a vastly powerful race of monstrous creatures of all imaginable types. Denominated fiends for their often grotesque appearances and evil demeanor, a number of powerful magicks were created by their hands, most often weapons of war or objects of destruction. Frequent dabbling in the primeval and the divine, stolen each from the archives of ancient humans, a collection of vile spawn were created, some of these talented enough or inherently powerful enough to establish their own claim of the mortal world, surrounding Niturah and eventually taking it in earnest from the original fiends. The first captors, as well as the following dozens, would be lost to human history as the race, as they would have been existing only as slaves at the time for entertainment by torture or lustful desires, amongst other creations of the divine. 

Given time, however, either by a miraculous accident of the fiends, or a rebellion by the human slaves, another creation of purest divinity was brought into the world, falling quickly into the hands of the only ones who could use it. As the story is told, few have any recollection as to the creation itself, being anything from a new blessed race of humans, to a legendary tool, or adversary to the fiends. The long subdued humanity would be reawakened and face all manner of horrible creations in bloody conflict, but with the advantage of the truly powerful gift of the gods was enough to aid in the destruction of the fiends surrounding and occupying Niturah. 

For centuries, the land would be far too torn and damaged for even a thought to be devoted to the rebuilding of society. For ages past, a number of heroes and champions would rise to strike down the last remnants of what once haunted their existence, eventually rising to the record of true legends themselves, and one being chosen out of all for the purest demonstration of valor, to be written in true history as the first name. Dawn. 

The kingdom of Niturah was raised once more under the house and family name of the first hero, either named for the new age he was credited with bringing into being, or because it was his true name. Although, shortly after, many still harbored wounds from a horrendous battle that took place only a small decade after Dawn's crowning. 

The opposing nation, having raised their own queen only so shortly after, refused to accept the rulership of a distant hero so soon after fighting so desperately for their own heroine in a last struggle against fiend-scarred barbarians. The queen's name was Dusk, the second name to be recorded for how it had brought the end of the days of ceaseless fire. As they readied themselves for war, both renowned figures had caught the scheme and intended to end it, each equally desiring peace, yet not having said a single word to the other. Only days before a mass marching of infantry under the supposed instruction of Dusk's generals, a creature of the night, stubbornly refusing to die, attacked king Dawn, inflicting an unquenchable thirst for battle. When her armies arrived, Dusk's speech that would dissuade her forces was interrupted by a showing of a flag of battle. Dawn had declared war on Dusk, as day should challenge night. 

As the armies clashed, besieging the walls and ruining the land by day and night, the young queen perceived foul play, and ventured through the cover of dark until she came upon the fortified keep that held the poisoned king. Just before entry, however, she had been halted by the long-time friend and ally to Dawn, a guardian and sentinel who's name would be lost in an effort to ensure the most loyal of housecarls. 

Dusk stood proud before the man or woman, and besieged them, "I have sensed foul play, and have come to make peace with your king before too much blood has been shed. (Draws sword) My own blade had been left clean, to show no quarrel with the defenders, or to you." Songs tell of a legendary duel between the two, after which the loyal defender had been spared his life, but most accounts recall no such conflict. Dusk would make her way passed the great iron doors to find the willful and courageous warrior, Dawn, crippled and left to one knee in an effort to avoid his own destruction. The demon that took hold of him was revealed to the queen, leading to many such tales spun about a multi-headed snake, or the torso of a man and legs of air. After a great struggle, Dusk managed to kill the creature holding the king hostage, and soon after the war was ended by the raising of the white flag on Dawn's side, as day surrendering to the coming night. 

In spite of bitter days ahead, celebrations were made as the beautiful queen and charming king, so coincidentally named, joined in matrimony. Soon, what questions remained of loyalties became redundant, and many of the struggles of before faded as the first of history was recorded in the new age. 

*Three-Thousand Years Following* 

Ajvira braced her hands against the cushion of the bed, sweat beading down her bare body and dampening her nose. Her breathing was harsh as she tried to remain upright, her body alight with the constant ramming her lover gave against her back, pressing his thick fullness into her body. 

She moaned with delight and effort as her body accepted his length, then clenched tightly around him to keep the invader from escaping, only to gasp as her body was left empty with each stroke out. His rough hands gripped her soft legs as passionately as they could, clearly trying not to hurt her in this blissful state while he tried desperately to build to his own peak. It was no easy task, she knew, as he had already forced three mind-shattering climaxes from her, and she guessed that he had ejaculated inside her at least that number of times. At the peak of their exhaustion and frantically making love, it appeared that Ajvira would be capable of releasing only one more wave of pure ecstasy. 

Her long locks of brown hair lay disheveled and clung to her dark face with profuse sweating, but she roused what strength she had remaining to brace herself and thrust back against her lover, hopeful that it would be enough. Try as she might, there was no stopping the excited whimpering that escaped her lips, surely able to be heard by the servant-children down the hall. Her body tensed in heat, but it still was not enough to bring herself off the edge. For this, she extended a hand to her most sensitive part, running her soft hand firmly along it and eliciting a sharp gasp from her mouth. 

Her lover groped a hand that was fondling her impressive bust across her mouth, but the worst of the damage was done even before she screamed in delight, at last her body shivering and falling out of pleasure and exhaustion. The man kept smacking his hips against her, evidently keen on reaching his own peak through grunts and rapid breathing. More time passed while she felt his body push against hers and finally, with an only-barely quieted roar escaping him, he halted while he released inside her. He finished his load, with his length inside her slackening and softening before he collapsed on top of her. A smile crept across the tired woman's face, triumphant. 

The two could share in their victory together for only a few short moments before they heard alert, shouting men and women from outside, just alongside the clatter of weapons and armor. A large crowd stormed in, with a similar shout echoing down the line. 

"It is true! Royalty and treason! Adulterers!" The shout of adulterers continued unabated, but the two lovers were not perturbed. Ajvira knew the punishment, even for a beautiful princess such as her. She would be put to death for seeking a lover that was disapproved by the council of elders, as would her lover. To them, she knew, this was an act that placed the word of guilty treason as a far understatement. At this horrendous act, it would have been as simple a punishment as putting her to death on the spot, even if she was royalty. To them, she, the younger sibling, and a woman, no less, could easily be tossed aside. 

Unfortunately for them, her lover was also the last in the line of the family of Dawn. He was her brother, and Argate certainly felt as passionate about their act as she, which would have to mean everything, as incest, too, had been forbidden centuries before. 

A man pushed to the front of the crowd, most parting in the wake of his deadly aura and sheer size. With scars from head to toe, and armored in the heaviest of plating that was scratched and dented in all of the same ways, he brought his axe level with the two who kneeling on the bed. Two men, who had turned angrily to face the figure, glanced to the floor at the authoritative shadow of the man, muttering apologies swiftly. His ragged white hair fell about a gaunt face, ablaze with abject fury, but the man's grey eyes fell when he'd seen the two kneeling on the bed. 

Ajvira hugged her brother tighter, close enough for their matted brown hair to mingle together as they stared defiantly up at the old man. He muttered something that neither could hear, and neither, it seemed, did the soldiers standing nearest him. 

"LEAVE! ALL OF YOU!" He roared, causing both the siblings and the soldiers to jump in surprise. The men scattered from the room, shutting the door behind them and leaving the three alone in the privacy of Argate's room. His face lost the red flush of fury once more, and he looked down solemnly at the two, his axe slipping from his hand and falling to the floor with a clatter. It was difficult to maintain her look of defiance when Ajvira noticed with a start the twinkle of a tear flowing down the old man's cheek. 

"What have you done?" He said quietly, but still loud enough for them to hear. Argate began to speak for a moment, but his face fell as he was clearly unable to face the man. Ajvira spoke in his stead. 

"We are revoking our roles as royalty, Harfiel." She said simply, able only barely to maintain a steady voice and a strong expression. The answer was not wrong, but there was more than that basic truth to tell. 

He continued to look down at them, his face almost reflecting pride mingled with the sadness, "You know that this will mean I cannot claim to be your father." Still only part of the truth, but Harfiel's place in Ajvira's life was closer than any expected father. It was that of both a mentor, and a father. That tie could not be replaced, but it could be written out of history and interceded by the truth. Fortunately, to pretend to be a father held not nearly the same punishment as what the siblings had done. 

Harfiel did not inquire why they should do such a thing, but rather turned toward the door, sweeping up his axe once more. He opened the door a crack and called out, "Cleric! Send a cleric!" Almost immediately, one was sent in the room, perhaps having been predicted to be of use. The startled young man stepped inside, shriveling under the shadow of the general, and was instructed toward Ajvira, who had taken the opportunity to lay back on the bed, spreading her exposed legs out toward him. His nervousness increased slightly at the sight of her beautiful body, but the task he was to perform was simple enough. 

He made his way toward her and closed his eyes, muttering and gesturing archaically while a glow of a warm yellow light formed on his palm. He took another step toward her, and she looked up at Argate excitedly before she felt a powerful magic slipping into her. It caused her body to radiate and flutter even moments before the priest's hands were on her. 

His palm was only inches away from her groin-lips, and she actually began to whimper and squirm at the wonderful sensation. Her breathing came in sharp gasps when she could feel the warmth so close to her. Even after hours of making love with her brother, she still felt herself ignite with pleasure, with arousal. She moaned and writhed with pleasure, finding herself begging the young cleric to press his gentle hand on her, to let her find release. It was all she could do not to force her body against him, to accept his warm palm touching her. She had barely noticed that the light coming from his hand now radiated around her, encircling her and blinding her vision. 

At last, she felt the smooth skin press firmly against her dripping delicates, sending her flying and screaming into a heavy climax. Her body spurted its fluid onto his hand, and he stayed before her, cupping his hands and collecting the essence. After a minute or so, when her body had finished releasing itself onto his hands, he stood and concentrated on the sticky substance. The action of forcing another dramatic peak out of Ajvira left her completely exhausted, gasping on the bed while she tried to regain her bearings. 

When she did, the cleric was siphoning the fluid from his hand, clearly extremely nervous about what he was about to say to the general. Quickly, he blurted it out, evidently hoping this would cool the giant man's reaction. The cleric confirmed what the siblings had already hoped and expected: Ajvira was bearing Argate's daughter, and soon to be the last of the line of royalty. 

No fury came from the man, but rather a few gruff words. 

"Dusk is coming..." 

*Four months following* 

Ajvira held her bloated paunch as it convulsed again, this time more violently. Her breathing became harsh as she endured repeated waves of pressure. She tried to raise her voice to the guards outside, but only a faint gasp escaped her lips. When she could gather enough breath, she issued a cry that at least made its way to the door. 

Two men stumbled into the room, and one expression she had given them stated enough. Her body's laboring pressure built around between her legs, and she could feel her thin undergarments becoming soaked with fluid escaping her body. The faint thought that perhaps this was moving too quickly crept into her mind briefly, but it was interrupted when a new colossal wave of pressure attacked her at the delicates, eliciting a rasping scream from her just as the very same cleric who had announced her stepped into the room. 

She looked blearily at him before she felt another wave of pressure, forcing her arms and legs to fall limp to her sides. The priest stepped quickly toward her and placed a hand on each side of her rotund pregnancy, shouting in a language of the arcane that she could not understand, nor could she even begin to when she felt the pressure build again passed the point it had been before, shattering her entire will that she might have used once to aid her in pushing. A similar yellow light formed inside and on her body while the man concentrated, but Ajvira's attention was caught by something familiar, a voice she knew. 

Her head turned slowly to see a man standing over her, grasping her hand, his bright yellow eyes reflected the same as her own. 

"Argate..." She whispered, grasping the hand tighter still while her body and Elzier's, the cleric's, magic performed all of the effort necessary to expel her daughter from her body. It was impossible to relax with the waves of force traveling through her, but she was able at least to focus on her love standing so close. 

The consistent pressure ebbed away, and she realized that she was relaxing. Newly excited, she lifted her head to see her daughter, or perhaps to hold her. 

Neither sibling even had the chance. A swarm of armed guards filled the room and isolated Elzier, still holding the child, from the other two. Try as he might, he was unable to hold onto Ajvira's daughter, much less bring her to her mother. Argate tried to argue with the guards, and both siblings gasped when the had seen a flash of steel and red before the cleric crumpled to the floor. Dead. Her brother shouted in fury and attempted to make his way passed the guards, but he was seized and dragged away. Shortly after, so was Ajvira, still too exhausted to express her own anger. 

She was separated from her lover as well and tossed inside a filthy prison cell. She knew why, even if it was cruel and unjust. The two of them had been forbidden to speak to or lay eyes upon each-other for their crime. It was only by a hasty decision that Argate was not executed immediately after his crime, but to wait until after Ajvira had given birth to receive the exact same punishment as she did. Unfortunately for their recent ally, though, aiding in disobeying the elders was treason in its own right, which could be solved with those outside royalty or importance with summary execution by the soldiers. 

A few short hours after, a couple of armored men came into her cell and lifted her near-limp body into binding of her arms, legs, and received a thick canvas sack over her head before being carried off on a wooden beam. This, too, she thought was unreasonably cruel, to not allow her to see Argate even before the end, or even be changed into something more decent than her thin undergarments. Well, she thought, at least I will die beautiful. 

Soon, she felt the whip of cool night's air, and could hear the wild jeering of a crowd below. Many shouts of "traitor" and "adulterer" rang distinctly through the crowd, but her focus was on the presence of others. She could hear the loud shuffle of armor just ahead of her, and guessed that this must be Argate. The ones carrying her halted, and the sack was lifted off her head. She could see opposite her that her brother was also being free of vision. He still wore the loose bathrobe from before, but his face became more alive when his eyes came upon her. Being able to see him was enough to null and ache that damaged her soul, so much so that she had not cared when the men holding her cut open her undergarments with knives, leaving her bare as the commoners below cried still louder. The same was done with Argate's bathrobe, but he seemed not to care either. 

The two were turned off and brought before a pair of knotted nooses hanging from a large wooden beam. Strangely enough, the old executioner gazed upon the two in sorrow, not anger. He beckoned to them both, and they stumbled forward confidently. Ajvira's purpose was done. She was ready to face death. 

Both prince and princess were dead by dawn. 

*Three years following* 

A siege arrived at the walls of the great city of Niturah, comprised mostly of vicious and gruesome monsters and trolls. They assailed the walls, with the arrows of the archers merely falling to the ground off their thick hide. The creatures were barbarians, without a doubt, garbed as all of them with only their furred, beastly-black fur, and bearing only long fanged teeth and claws. It was rather without effort that they all passed over the wall, killing or else felling any soldier that crossed their path. 

They had already made their way over the stone bulwark when the first signal flame reached Harfiel at the topmost tower of the castle keep. He watched as fires quickly sprang over across the beautiful city, and could almost hear the cries of the townspeople below. All was going exactly to plan. 

He turned back into the castle and stepped into the king's quarters. None were there to greet him quite yet, but such was to be expected. Through to the opposite side, he found a tall mirror effective enough for him, and seized the crown on the table before it. It was of a thick, pure gold reinforced with enchanted steel, and with a number of imperial rubies notched under each of the three protrusions at the top. It was a perfect match of the original king's crown, but that one was beyond Harfiel's reach.  
