 WARNING: This story involves scenes of graphic sex including anal. If that is not what you are looking for don't read on. All sexual acts depicted in the story are committed by adults over eighteen years old. This is a story of the end of Zach's existence. 

PS: This story began from a real encounter by this author with a really bewitching beautiful woman in an aisle in the grocery store. It's no exaggeration to tell you my heart was thumping and there was tightness in my chest like I had run a race. Had she asked me to leave all of my life behind and go with her my faithfulness would have been put to the ultimate test. Enjoy the fantasy!

*****

Zach's soul stolen by the Irish witch goddess.

She hunted me down to claim my soul with her unworldly beauty. 

I was in the grocery store pushing my cart slowly up and down the aisle. My advanced age was showing its presence in my tired legs. I looked up and was captured by a woman with a smile so bright it actually hurt my eyes. She wore a flirty dress that swished across her legs as she walked. When she turned away I followed the backs of her legs upwards to a full firm ass hiding under that skirt. I was beguiled by her beauty but quickly looked away and wondered why such a young beauty would waste such a bright smile on some old man like me.

I walked a few more aisles when a voice as sweet and promising as the dew of a forest morning spoke behind me and said something about the product on the shelf I was considering. I turned to look at her and was lost by a face that took my breath away. Her eyes were the blue of the calm sea after a winter's storm. Her eyes pulled you in like you dove off a sea cliff and went under deeper and deeper never to surface again.

She smiled sweetly again and with all my strength I broke her hypnotic gaze to see a beautiful face; sweet and soft and filled with youth surrounded by raven black hair. Her long flowing hair was so black it brought to my mind images of the entrance to the abyss, once entered never to be seen again. Her face glowed with the promise of youth and her full red lips called me to taste them and be lost. 

I actually felt her release the enchantment she held on me but only to allow me to gaze upon her firm large breasts contained by her dress bodice. Her breasts mesmerized with the promise of softness and nourishment. Slowly I could see her nipples firm and push out against the bodice of her pink dress. With a sense of loss I raised my eyes back to her face. Smiling deeply again she softly asked me if I liked what I saw. I was so busted!

"You are so astoundingly beautiful! I am lost in your blue eyes and your smiling face! My heart is pounding in my chest. I am captivated by your beauty. I am bewitched by your presence. I'm so sorry, I sound like a dirty old man," I said stupidly.

"My name is...," I tried to say but she held up her finger to my lips and shoo'd me.

"I know who you are Zach. I have searched for you. I want you to leave your cart and walk away with me out to my car," she said and took my arm. I left everything and walked out of the store. She told me to leave my car here as she would drive me home afterwards to put any final things in my life in order. I wondered why I had no problem with what she just said.

She opened the car door and I sat in. She walked around and got in the driver seat and we drove away. She saw me looking over at her and laughingly pulled her skirt way up exposing her strong thighs. I watched her face as she drove and she would turn occasionally and smile broadly at me with teeth so white it hurt my eyes. They were like a false light that the Sirens used to lure sailors to their death. She casually opened a few of the buttons of her bodice and I could see the blue of her bra and the promising swell of a large breast.

We arrived at her condo and she escorted me through her door. I entered and she closed the door slowly behind me. Her main room was lit my candles and incense burned giving the room an ethereal quality. She walked to the center of a pentagram drawn on the floor and turned to face me. "Zach you have lusted for me since you were enchanted in the store. You have waited patiently to undress me so you may do so now," she said seductively.

"Who are you and why have you chosen me," I said now frightened.

"I am Morrigan, the terrifying crow goddess associated with war and death. I am queen of phantoms, demons, shape-shifters and witches and I have waited many years for you. You're now a lonely aged man whose wife is gone and your children have moved away. You are still strong and robust in your advanced age but have lost the desire to go on for much longer."

"You have flowing in you the bloodline of Irish chieftains that have treated my daughters badly throughout time. I have come now at this time in your life to claim your strength and power. Your last hours of your life will be spent in sexual ecstasy that I will empower within you then at the final time I will drain you of all but the final essence of your life. I will then drive you home in great respect and set you to your final resting place. You can beg me to take you home now to decay in a life of despair or willingly offer me your soul. What say you, Zach? What is your desire," she said bewitching me. 

"Morrigan, I willingly give myself to you," I said both defeated and sexually excited. I already felt strength in my loins not experienced for some time.

"Come and undress me Zach. Come discover the body that will give you great joy before your life is gone. Come worship my body, my sweet lips, my firm breasts and finally my hot wet cunt as it swallows your hard thick long cock. Come and give yourself to my desires," Morrigan whispered as she cast her spell.

I started to undress but she told me to wait and do her first. I removed my shoes and socks and walked within her pentagram. She leaned into me and our lips met. Our kiss deepened as her tongue forced its way in. As my mouth opened to accept her warmth I could feel her breathing in my essence which weakened me but feeding it back into me strengthening me. Our deep kissing and breathing went on for some time until I felt my cock begin to fill with strength.

"Undress me Zach and gaze upon the body of a goddess given to you in your final hours," she whispered as she went on to speak a sing-song spell. 

I reached with shaking hands and began to unbutton her bodice. Reaching her waist I pushed the sides apart and massaged her breasts over the soft satin of her sea blue bra. I felt her nipples firm under my palms as Morrigan chanted. I left the promise of her breasts and kneeling down unbuttoned the way down the skirt and pushed those sides apart. The sea blue of her panties seduced me. I leaned in and kissed her vulva and breathed in deeply the aroma of her pussy.

I stood and pushed her dress off her shoulders and arms and it fell to the floor. I reached behind her and unclasped her bra which fell away. Her pure white breasts were large and firm and sat proudly on her chest. Her aureoles were large and dark pink. A long firm rose colored nipple crowned the tip of each breast. She pulled me to her breast and my mouth closed upon one large firm nipple. I sucked like a baby at his mother's tit and received a warming and strengthening milk with a strong taste of hops and honey. I turned to the other and received the same nourishment. I drank deeply knowing in a strange way that this would be my last meal on Earth. My cock grew stronger with each feeding. 

With a feeling of great loss I dropped to my knees again and softly ran my hand across her vulva feeling the moistness of her silken panties. The crease that held the promise of my demise was damp with her essence. With reverence I hooked my fingers into the hem of her panties and slowly lowered them to her feet. Her vulva was naked but crowned by her raven black hair. She held my shoulders as she raised each foot for me to remove her moist panties. I took them to my face and inhaled deeply. I kissed the moistness that lay sweetly on the silk then slid them into my back pocket and Morrigan laughed. 

"Make love to my pussy Zach. Drink my essence and make me cum. Make me bathe your face and chin with my pussy honey. Make me soak your shirt with my juice so my aroma lingers as you draw your last breaths," she moaned.

I knelt close in and ran my tongue across her smooth moist vulva from its base to the dark black forest that resided above her cleft. My unworthy tongue worshiped between her wet pussy lips and caressed her love button softly with my lips and tongue. Her clit came out of its hood and grew to the size of my thumb. I sucked and licked that knot until Morrigan moaned and let down pussy juice onto my lips and chin. I made love to her pussy cleft and clit until she gripped and pulled my hair and mashed my face against her pussy. She moaned and sprayed my face with her goddess essence. Her scent was sweet and mesmerizing as I drank down her juices. My body began to warm and my cock was throbbing.

Morrigan pushed me back onto my haunches and told me to stand. When I did she slowly undressed me. When my shirt was off she used her sweet lips to suck and bite my nipples leaving teeth marks behind. She ran her fingernails across my chest and I winced. I looked down and blood seeped out from those tracks. She ran her moist tongue across those cuts and drank the oozing blood. "The blood of the Irish Chieftains is strong within you Zach. I will enjoy feeding on your power," Morrigan moaned hauntingly. 

She went to her knees to remove my pants and boxers. My cock was its old self, long and thick and rock hard. She kissed my large dickhead then slowly slid her lips over my helmet and her warm wet mouth captured all of its original youthful eight inch cock. She held my cock deep in her mouth as her tongue washed my ball sack. I felt her warm oven on every inch and surface of my cock. She appeared to not need to breathe as her mouth sucked my dick, hard then release, hard then release.

Morrigan slowly slid back up my cock and began to bathe my cockhead with her tongue and lips. She nipped my cock and I looked down again into her deep soul stealing blue eyes. She wanted me to watch her while she slowly destroyed me. She slid off and pushed my cock against my soft stomach and captured my dick knot with her warm wet lips. My body shivered as every nerve in my dick knot came alive. She slid down my cock and started licking and kissing my ball sack. She softly sucked first one nut then the other into her mouth and bathed them with her tongue. She leaned forward and her long pointy tongue licked my taint then went deeper and toyed with my anus. When my body shivered she laughed and sat back on her haunches.

"Zach you are gonna fuck all three holes of my body. You're not to make love to them. You are to fuck them with all your heathen might. Like your raiding Chieftain ancestors you claim your spoils. You fuck the queen of the defeated tribe and breed her with your potent seed. You fuck the daughters in front of their defeated father. You drive that manly cock deep into each hole and maximize your own pleasure. Your thick long hot throbbing cock claims each hole and you dominate the queen and the elders' daughters. You leave your daughter to grow in their defeated bellies and a longing for your manly thick cock."

"Reach for that power of bloodline. Only then will your powerful essence reach its maximum for me to consume. I will drain a third of your life force as you cum strongly in each of my holes; my mouth, my cunt and finally deep into my slutty ass. I will leave you with just enough strength to get you home and a few hours to set the end of your life in order."

"You have just this last chance to leave now before I begin then I will return to you when you are a worn out sad old man crying in his bed pissing into his diaper. Once more Zach what say you? Hours of final ecstasy or years of loneliness and despair?"

My cock was throbbing and rock hard and I could have easily let that head do the decision. But Morrigan was right. All that was ahead of me was a slow lonely descent to the grave.

I put a strong hand on either side of Morrigan's head and grabbed handholds of her raven black hair and pulled her thick ruby lips onto the head of my throbbing cock and when her lips parted I slammed my cock fully into her mouth and slapped the back of her throat with my dickhead. I pulled back fully out of her mouth and slammed my cock back in deep again. I did that over and over each time going in so deep her lips kissed my crotch and her tongue bathed my balls. Her spittle was soaking my cock but not once did she gag.

Morrigan pushed off my cock and looking at me with wild eyes yelled, "You call that face fucking, you pussy! Your sister and mother got it better than that you sorry excuse for a chieftain. Now put your might into this or go home."

I knew she said those things to fire up my lust so I pulled her hair hard and shook her painfully side to side then watched as her blue eyes glowed with lust and she opened her mouth wide and wiggled her now forked tongue. "Give it to me Zach, give me your loads of hot cum. Give me your life force. Fuck my face!" she yelled again.

I pulled her onto my throbbing cock and slammed my dickhead down her throat. I kept it in deep and just thrust with my dickhead. I did that for several minutes getting the maximum pleasure on the crown of my cock and the knot underneath. She seemed not to need to breathe as I kept my dick in deep. I pulled back out of her mouth and she spit her spittle all over my cockhead. She reached behind onto my ass cheeks and drove my cock back into her hot wet mouth.

We together fucked my cock into her mouth until the pleasure started to make my thighs quiver. One of her hands left my ass and I watch her push several fingers into her cunt. She pulled them out and they glowed with her wet juices. She returned them to my ass and ran them up and down my ass crack. She did this several times all the while sliding her tight mouth up and down my cock.

My balls pulled up tight and I knew I was seconds away from blasting my cum all over her tongue and mouth. "Here is comes witch. Here is how we used your daughters for our pleasure. Drink my hot thick man juice bitch, get it all, thick and hot and full," I yelled.

The fingers on my ass found my anus and Morrigan drove two wet fingers into my ass deep and stroked my walnut. My body shuddered as my cum started its journey out of that nut, up my long dick shaft and exploded out my cockhead to the back of her throat. Five, six, seven thick hot ropes of cum shot out onto her tongue as she had used her mouth to capture just my dickhead. Several more ropes of cum shot out as she sucked hard on my cock.

I was totally spent as I felt my strength flow out of me. Morrigan sat back and opened her mouth to show me my white thick cum pooled under her tongue. Her eyes were possessed with power and she laughed wickedly. She pulled me to my knees and spun me so I lay on my back within the pentagram. She moved over me and placed her ruby lips over mine. I knew she was gonna feed me my own cum and I just did not care.

I opened my mouth as she kissed me expecting my salty slimy cum and was shocked when I tasted the sweetest honey slip slowly into my mouth. I swallowed hungrily experiencing a warmth and power infuse my body. I sucked madly on Morrigan's forked tongue getting all I could. She bathed my mouth, tongue and teeth with her honey coated tongue then licked my lips and kissed me softly. I lay there panting as she lay over me her large breasts crushed to my chest. 

She spoke softly to my ear, "Feed from me my chieftain. I give you back some strength to fuck my wet hot lonely pussy. But for now rest," she seductively whispered. I fed on her nipples once more then slept and dreamed of chieftain raids and bounty and gold and fair maidens taken for my pleasure. I awoke from the pleasure on my hard thick cock.

I looked down to see my crotch covered in raven black hair moving up and down on my cock. She sucked from the base to the throbbing tip. Morrigan moved up and straddled my thighs then moved a wet hot pussy up and down on the outside of my cock. "Did my chieftain enjoy the dreams of his ancestors, their use of my daughters for their rutting pleasure? Shall you use their mother one last time for your selfish pleasure Zach? Shall you blast your hot cum deep up my cunt over and over filling my womb with your baby seed? Shall you give me the daughter of a chieftain before you leave this earth?" she moaned as she used my dickhead to massage her thumb sized love knot.

"Your cock is back to its thick hard full eight inches. You have loved your cock all these years and the pleasure you have received from it in the mouths and cunts and asses from girls and women and nieces and daughters and mothers and grandmothers. I gave you your special powers when you were in your comma to connect only with willing partners, always this cock to lovers who's pleasure you both took and gave. Unknowingly you fathered my daughters when the coven called you and seduced you several times. The daughters you gave to your conquests throughout your life hear my call when they become of age. You were an honorable man with your lovers Zach, the best and perhaps last of your lineage. Your sons I shall claim at the right time but you shall give me the strength I'll need until then," she spoke softly.

I was overwhelmed by all she told me as my cockhead was bathed in her pussy juices as she massaged her own clit. My balls were soaked in her cum as she stroked my cock with her pussy lips. Morrigan took in a deep breath and shuddered as pussy juice sprayed out onto my chest. "Yes, yes my lover. You have such a nice cock," she moaned as another blast of her cum sprayed my crotch and abs. She slowly sank her tits to my chest and caressed my cock between her pussy lips and my stomach.

Morrigan laid upon my chest for some time softly chanting in a language distant yet familiar and it warmed my entire body. I felt no cold from the floor as I watched the pentagram glow in the darkened room. Slowly she rose up and as she did my cock found the entrance to her pleasure and slowly filled her cunt. She sat fully up and pushed her hips down and my cockhead was captured by the portal to her womb. 

"You want your cock deep in there don't you Zach. You want your cock in the special warmth of a female's womb as you shoot your potent seed sperm over and over out your thick dickhead. You want your women to feel the soft pain as you drive over and over deep into their cunt's to push their womb open to take your hot thick baby cum," Morrigan moaned as she began to ride my long thick cock up and down within her pussy.

"When you cum in my womb I am gonna use your strength to empower your twin daughters you leave within me. I will drain another third of your essence as you shoot your six and seven and eight ropes of your hot thick cum deep into my womb to conquer my two eggs waiting for your seed. They will be powerful like me and rise to power and prestige and dominance as men and women flock to their control. They will mate with the two sons of your sons and your lineage will live on stronger than before," Morrigan moaned mystically.

I wanted control back again and began thrusting my cock up into her cunt as she was powering down. I could feel my cockhead tapping her womb pushing to open that portal. I pounded away over and over again until I again felt my balls tighten and rise up. She reached down and painfully twisted my nipples and my cock exploded.

"Yes my lover, cum in me, blast your cum into my womb. Claim this cunt as your last conquest. Shoot your baby seed deep into the safe haven of my warm womb. Give me the promise of a swollen belly and huge tits to feed your daughters. Cum for me lover, cum for me my chieftain!" Morrigan yelled as I sprayed her cunt with my cum.
