 I had been with my girlfriend for about two years.

We never had any real problems with each other and got along a lot better than what most couples did, very rarely fighting, and always laughing, hugging and kissing.

Of course this all changed when she dropped a bombshell and revealed to me she had been cheating on me with another guy.

I was pretty hurt by that.

But then she told me who it was, and it hit harder; it was my best friend, Trent.

Breaking up with Gwen, I tried to move on and terminated my friendship with Trent.

Of course, moving on and forgetting your girlfriend is never easy to do.

"Saturday and here I am sitting in the tub..." 

I murmured do myself.

My hand gently stroked my erection up and down while I shut my eyes, gently stroking my shaft up to the head.

It seemed lately that I was always getting really horny, and although I knew that masturbating too much was bad, and could do a lot of harm to you, I was at that point where it was too hard to resist.

My urge to just fuck someone was overwhelming, but what was I to do? I left my slut girlfriend, and catching aids didn't sound quite appealing to my taste, either.

All I could do was beat myself.

I sighed softly; inhaling the scent of powerful, pleasing bubble bath, while I carefully moved my hand up and down, starting from head, to base.

"I need a girl so bad." I whined while shaking my head.

My friend Melissa was only interested in me as a friend. So she wasn't up for the role of girlfriend and turned it down.

I stroked faster. 

A I could think about was how good it was going to feel once I shot my hot semen into the tub.

Images of Gwen and her big ass and big tits popped into my head; when she would ride me and her melons would shake uncontrollably with each time she bounced on me.

I stroked harder.

I thought about how puffy her nipples were, and how perfect they were for sucking, how I loved to pull on them with my mouth.

My dick grew a little at the thought of suckling on her nipples and listening to her moan.

I felt my dick heating up and knew then that I was about to blow jizz all over the tub.

Her face as she sucked up and down on my manhood popped into my head, and how she would use her left hand to gently rub my balls, massaging them and scratching them with her nails.

I stroked myself up and down until I finally felt my red helmet bubbling up and shooting sticky squirts all over the place.

I breathed in relief, and rubbed out a few extra drops.

Drops of cum floated around in the tub, in the water, around me while I finished the rest of my bath.

"Well," I said to myself as I looked around at the floating, milky white drops, "at least I'll be able to focus on other things for a while."

I had been wanting to head into town for a few days.

So once I had gotten out of the tub, I brushed my short, brown hair and put on a denim shirt and jeans, and a pair of plain black sneakers and I was off.

Once I was on Mainstreet, I heard my flip-phone begin to ring. 

I reached my hand into my pocket, and pulled the phone up to my ear, answering.

"Ben?" I said.

"Van! T--things are getting-I-"

"What's going on? You're breaking up."

I heard static on the other end, and then I narrowed my left eye, scrutinized my nose and sighed softly.

But then I could hear him again, despite the static still being there.

"VAN! HELP ME!" He screamed into the phone.

"Where are you?" I sharply asked.

"I'm on Deej Street. Hurry, Van!"

"I'm coming!" 

I quickly hung up and threw the phone into my pocket, and pumping my arms, started running as fast as I could down the town street in a desperate, panicky rush to get where Benny was.

When I arrived, I arrived just in time to see him being chased by a...Zombie? Yes; it was a zombie; there were two and both were female. 

One had dark brown hair and sickly green skin with pale eyes, while the other had pitch-black hair, whitish violet skin, less injuries, and blind-colored eyes.

I froze.

Benny, my tallest friend, and a pretty tough guy who had defended me through high-school until I buffed up enough, was trapped on the ground green skinned zombie girl, who had injuries through out her whole body. But not just that...She had stripped him naked.

Her decomposing, wrinkly, decrepit hand grasped Benny's dick, and started to rub up and down while she growled; her face uncomfortably close to his.

I think Benny was ashamed that he was becoming aroused against his will, because when his monster started to raise up, he looked away; trying to grit his chattering teeth.

"Well," I kept my voice silent, "she's just jerking him off. Not trying to eat him."

But as soon as I said that, SNAP! She pulled his dick right off of his body. 

I covered my mouth and turned away from the blond tough guy, and just tried my best not to yell of shout; to just stay quiet, even though by this point, I felt a few drops of liquid running down my eyes.

I listened to him scream, but realized there was nothing I could do.

I glanced back to look, and the zombie was feasting on where his dick used to be; taking in all she could get and even ripping off his left leg for a second meal.

I did what anyone would do; I ran like the wind.

But the black-haired, more attractive and healthy looking zombie, spotted me and gave chase.

I found myself trapped in an alley, typical movie shit, and I backed against the was when she slowly came towards me.

No ladder to climb up, no other exit, she was blocking the only one, I was screwed.

"So you gonna take me out, too?" I inquired, trying to put on a brave face.

She crept towards me. 

She walked, and walked, and walked slowly towards me, until she was right in front of me, making it impossible to do anything.

Her eyes wandered down towards my crotch.

She touched between my legs, and instantly upon touch, I went hard.

Oh, great; I thought.

She eyed my raging boner, and gently patted it with her hand; feeling it through my pants.

"Let me go." I said, but without sounding as confident as I'd like.

Her human instincts overcame her at that point, and she ripped my pants to shreds using a pair of dagger-like claws she had, and then yanked my boxers down my legs; eying the swollen instrument.

She took me into her hand.

She gently stroked me up and down with her whitish violet hands; her faded blue eyes staying locked completely on my throbbing, bulging red bell. 

I softly reached a hand down, running it through her long, jet-black hair. I was curious what it felt like.

Even dead, her hair was as soft as a baby.

She gazed up at me; faded, blind-colored eyes inspecting my expression for signs of approval and pleasure.

She wanted to know that I was enjoying what she was doing; that I liked it.

Her tongue emerged from her crimson-dipped lips 

I trembled. 

I wasn't sure what she was about to do, but I feared the worse, that this hot little zombie was going to castrate me just like her little friend did to Benny.

She let out another guttural growl, then touched my rock-hard instrument with her wet, soft tongue. 

She reached her long, discolored nails to beneath my sac, and very delicately, with the most careful touch in the world, started to scrape alongside my fleshy bag.

"Damn." I said out loud, closing my eyes.

She dragged her tongue around the tip, licking my organ like it was an ice cream bar; making sure she was licking every single place.

"W--wow..." I expelled, fighting, forcing myself through the pleasure.

She stared at my face, increased her grip on my cock, then licked up towards the head, leaving a trail of blood, then licked back down, leaving another trail of blood behind in her tongue's wake, this time on my shaft.

She licked the edges of my helmet with the tip of her tongue, but then started to drag her whole tongue all over my dick.

"You're just teasing me.." I spoke, half agitated. 

She tilted her head slightly to the left, then averted her eyes from my face, got her whitish violet face close to my organ, then took me into her bloody mouth.

She gazed back up to me, searching for approval, starting to suck on my tool.

I sighed in pleasure; my fingers gently parting strands of Raven black locks; pushing her hair back.

It was strange.

She was coating me in crimson liquid, not natural saliva, but actual blood from human bodies...And yet, rather than being repulsed and nauseous as I should have been, I was enjoying it, enjoying the blowjob she was giving.

She moved her head up and down slowly; her mouth moving up to my head, then down to my shaft; her bloody tongue working my manhood as well.

"What's wrong with me?" I said aloud. "Why am I enjoying...This?"

It was true.

I was enjoying this.

Enjoying it a lot more than I should have.

She brought me out of her bloody mouth with a loud 'pop', licked the head relentlessly, then started kissing it with her soft, yet cold, lips.

She took me back into her mouth, shoving me in quickly, and started to suck again, she moved her hand up and down, pumping me in her discolored hand.

She brought her hand all the way down; trying to devour as much of my cock into her throat as she could, then pulled her head back, and brought it back down again, taking less of my dick into her mouth.

It was wrong. But it felt so good.

I was starting to not even care about right and wrong anymore.

And she was moving, it's not like she was a lifeless corpse.

She stopped pumping me momentarily, then just held me in her hand, firmly, and took all of the head into her mouth, jerking her head back and forth while she groaned softly.

She sucked hungrily on my organ; the friction from her mouth almost seeming as if her goal was to pull it right off, but then, each time the friction grew, she'd become gentler again.

She seemed to know exactly what to do. 

That surprised me, since she was was a zombie after all.

I parted a few strands of hair from her face; brushing her bangs back gently with my fingertips, causing her to groan on my dick.

She was getting rougher; her sucks loud, sloppy and wet.

I bit down on my lip.

My cock felt like it had reached the point of no return, and was about to explode a gooey hot mess all over the inside of her cold mouth.

She worked her hand on my balls; gently rubbing my sac while she deep-throated my meat.

Her nails gently scraped them while she gave a delicate sac massage that sent shivers throughout my body.

It didn't take long before I filled her mouth up with come; releasing torrent after torrent in her generous mouth and causing her to groan loudly in pleasure. 

She removed her mouth from my still stiff cock, and stood up, walked towards me, and pushed her body against mine; cold mixing with heat, then pressed her lips against my own, kissing me tenderly.

I was surprised at how much love and affection she was showing, especially given that she logically shouldn't be able to experience any of these feelings.

Sexual desire and love should be impossible for her to feel.

I grabbed her sides, holding her close besides me, and returned her kiss.

Soon our kiss turned more desperate, and she seemed bent on getting her whole tongue down my throat.

She finally pulled her mouth away, but gave one last gentle kiss before starting to tear off her clothes, growling and grunting while she did so.

She started with her shirt, and pushed off her floral print short sleeve shirt, then her bra; unhooking it and letting it fall down to reveal two beautiful, yet rotting, breasts.

They sagged slightly, but were plump, juicy and firm in appearance.

Her nipples were large and perky on her 39DDs. 

Her eyes locked onto mine, and again, just like before, she searched my face for approval and satisfaction towards her revealing to me her naked body. 

She reached her hands down unzipped the zipper on her denim boy shorts, and slid them down her slender, discolored legs.

She had on a pair of pink, silky panties. 

She removed theses as well, sliding them slowly down her legs before letting them land on the ground.

I was surprised that her pussy was so unscathed compared to most of the rest of her body, yes, it was slightly discolored, but only of you looked hard enough; it still had the appearance of a healthy, pink cherry. 

She turned around so I could get a glimpse of her ass.

She had a few small lacerations on and cuts her, with a small one being on her left ass cheek, and a cut mark located just underneath her crack, narrowly missing her dark hole.

Her ass was shapely.

A small bubble butt that was just as juicy looking as her big tits.

She was wet. 

Drops of her womanly juices dripped down between her whitish violet legs, oozing from her pink cherry.

She got down on her hands and knees, looking at me with a set of pitiful, pleading, nearly colorless eyes.

I approached her, and upon her sticking her ass up, pushed my erection into her pussy from behind.

She groaned

I wasn't expecting her to be so tight when I entered her, but her muscles were just as strong as any normal woman was, and she squeezed me perfectly hard inside of her.

"Sc...r...e..w...m...e." Was all she could manage. That was the only English she had spoken so far.

Apparently she wasn't capable of much speech.

I pushed the rest of my length into her, and she groaned again, soon letting out a rather voluminous hiss.

Extending inside of her pussy a little bit, I had completely entered inside of her.

I sent my first thrust into her, and she responded with a growl, and pushing and working her hips against me.

I sent a harder thrust into her sweet cherry, then pulled out and heard her grunt.

I grabbed her cheeks and gave a tight squeeze, getting a good feel of her gelatinous, decomposing flesh.

I jammed back into her pussy, stabbing into her again, causing her to let a guttural cry out, and then a deep groan.

She bounced her hips; her buns gliding. 

"Such a firm pussy." I murmured out loud. 

She must have heard me though, because she turned her head back to look at me while her rump danced.

I was determined to blow a hot load into her, and to make her burst out into scream; I was desperate for her.

I pulled out, then stabbed into her again, drawing out another guttural groan while she bared her teeth from pleasure, and glided on my cock.

I just couldn't seem to get enough.

Here I was, in the cold, wet pussy of a sexy zombie, something I should have found revolting and been ashamed of, and yet, all I could think about was fucking the crap out of her.

I grew rougher with my thrusts and as I did so, she grew louder with her groaning and growling, so much so, that I was almost positive everyone could hear us screwing in the alley. 

But I didn't care.

By now the smack of our bodies working together was filling my ears, and I focused on that beautiful sound, as well as her groaning and growling.

Clop, clop, clop, clop.

The smacking had grown much louder and was growing much more intense in sound.

She was grinding her teeth furiously while I pounded her pussy relentlessly, but somehow her cold, scent-less breath managed to find it's way out of her mouth, even if somewhat muffled by her grinding whites.

My breathing was growing heavier, and while I wasn't exactly moaning, my exhaling was getting much shallower.

I knew it wouldn't be much longer before I blasted all over the inside of her snatch.

Sweat poured down my body while I fucked her like a wild beast. 

Digging in and out of her cunt, I speared in and out of her with powerful and unforgiving thrusts, ravaging her with nothing short of brute force. 

She bounced each time I thrust into her; shaking her ass against my cock, trying to match my speed.

I finally reached my end, and felt a long storm of hot spurts shooting deep into her pussy.

She gave a loud, drone-like wail, and then tightened herself on me, gushing all over the cement in an explosion of pussy juice.

She got off her hands and knees, leaking all over the cement while she crawled into my arms.

She started to kiss me again, but this time she grabbed my dick and led it straight into pussy, pushing it deep into her snatch, growling against my lips.

I pushed my lips against hers and reached for her decomposing breasts, rubbing her perfectly healthy, big perky nipples. 

She started to ride me. 

She deepened the kiss; gently bouncing up and down on me in short bursts.

I was afraid to pull on anything on her body, but was relieved when I pulled on her nipples and they stayed intact.

She seemed to enjoy having her nipples pulled on, because her kissing grew more aggressive while she hopped up and down on my erection.

I kissed back with as much force as her; wanting her mouth just as much as I wanted her body.

Her tits bounced up and down with her movements; just slapping my hands with pillow soft flesh while we kissed.

I could taste the rusty tinge of blood flowing from her mouth, and entering mine.

I pictured the countless people who's lives must have been lost to this beautiful, busty creature of darkness; her feasting an arm and then a leg, and even someone's innards, and yet...Here I was; kissing her like she was the only girl in the world.

Had I really fallen for her?

In love with a zombie.

Banging a zombie.

Kissing a zombie.

What did that make me? I knew what it made me...And even though it was sickening, I couldn't bring myself to drive her away from me.

I wanted her. I knew that.

"Fuck me hard." I breathed into her bloody, cold mouth.

She made a soft 'mmnh' noise in my mouth, and then leaned slightly forward onto me, wrapped her arms lovingly around me neck, creating a ring around it, and started to hump my manhood more aggressively.

She kissed me even harder, which I gladly returned; the two of us seeking refuge in one another's mouths while we engaged into rough, aggressive sex out in the open, where anyone could see us if they walked by the alley.

She pushed her nipples hard against my hands, grunting upon them touching me, and then they went hard and erect upon touching the flesh of my hands.

I gently pinched her nipples, and she hissed loudly into my mouth, scooting herself further into my cock, trying to devour my mouth with her lips. 

I gently reached my hands to her tush, grabbing the cold, heat devoid cheeks of her ass, and pushed them up slightly while they came back down to push down on my length.

She pushed her tits against me; so that her erect, hard, perky pink buds were pushing into me, tightening her grip around my neck, and flooding my mouth with pools of drool that I was forced to swallow.

I felt her tongue explore the inside of my mouth; licking the roof of my mouth, then finally making it's way towards my tongue, gently flicking it and rubbing it.

Her speed and aggression grew.

She humped me harder; lifting herself up, then letting herself down; bucking her hips like a wild horse.

She removed her mouth from mine and rested her face in the crook of my neck, bouncing her rump up and down and up and down again on my meat; growling and hissing each time she did so.

I kissed the top of her head; just letting my lips gently brush against the discolored flesh while she slammed herself down onto my throbbing stick each time she landed.

"Baaagh..."

She fucked me hard; pounding her hips while drops of sweet nectar dribbled down her legs and coated my cock.

I felt her mouth open, and her lips pulled on the flesh of my neck; sucking hard on it while she bounced faster and harder; really working my cock inside of her cold, wet pussy. 

I took one of her breasts and sucked on it; sucking hard on her nipple while I watched her bouncing right in front of my face.
