 Note: This one is a bit longer than some, and I wanted to let the story come out a little more before getting to the naughtier bits. It's definitely outside my norm for this site, but sometimes I just let the inspiration go. All people involved are over eighteen. 

*

"Seven dollars for a cup of coffee?" asked Colleen. "Did you really need that?"

"The proletariat worries about needs," said Dave, adjusting his overly-thick hipster glasses. "We worry about searching out experiences."

Colleen wanted to roll her eyes, but knew that it would lead to another argument, and they'd already had quite a few over the last two days. 

"It's actually pretty good," said Daphne from the back seat. "Like I'm a better person for drinking it."

Colleen tried to ignore Daphne. The younger blonde seemed to always find some new way to appear dumber. Fortunately for her most guys just seemed interested in her big tits. It was a shame when stereotypes were proven true. It also made Colleen glad that she had dyed her own hair back to its not quite natural red. 

"It probably means that we're smarter," added Daphne, which made Colleen sigh. 

"Maybe you should have some," said a voice directly behind Colleen. This was Kent, Daphne's current boyfriend, and one of Dave's circle of pretentious friends. "You seem kind of out of it."

"I'm fine."

"You're the one driving us, so I just want to be safe."

"I'm sure. Of course, any one of you guys could've offered to drive. Weird how it's always me."

Colleen refocused on the road. She did appreciate being closer to the heater. The weather changes in California were intense. Comfortable turned to frigid. It was Halloween, and the weather could really be whatever in Cali. There were some great things to do in groups while keeping warm, but she would never say that it was an indoor culture. They continued up the highway with Dave's over-sized phone guiding them. He had it in his mind to see a real circus before the year was out. The fact that it was Halloween just seemed to encourage him more. What could be scarier than clowns?

He had some new article he was writing, and was looking for some old expression of human experience through a pre-digital medium. Colleen found it sad that she knew about the weird shit he was into, but when you share a bed with someone some of their personal stink is left on you. It was annoying, and here she was driving them there.

She remembered a trip to circus when she was a little girl. The stink of the animal shit, and those orange colored peanut-shaped candies. Both were unpleasant. Then there were the clowns. She didn't have the clown-phobia that had become such a cliché in the last several years. Clowns were just clowns. Colleen knew some women who used nearly as much make-up and made even bigger fools of themselves. Still, she found the whole thing unsettling.

Their trip took them up to a remote area off the highway that was technically part of an Indian Reservation. This naturally inspired Dave to go off on a tangent with Daphne and Kent providing a chorus of "yeah"'s and "you're right's. Colleen ignored and drove. As they came off the exit ramp they beheld the gold and red glowing spectacle that was their destination. Despite the remoteness of the area, a good-sized crowd of cars was parked in a large dirt lot and on the road leading to it. Off on the opposite side away from the tent was a cluster of vehicles belonging to the circus. There were large trucks, trailers, and some rather ancient-looking motor homes. 

"These people live on the road," said Dave. "They don't feel the same materialistic obligations as everyone else."

Colleen had reached her limit. She just wanted to get inside, and get it over with. Sometimes she was so certain that this whole thing with Dave would never work. There were other guys out there. One of them was bound to be at least less annoying.

They parked, and made their way to the big top tent. A bored-looking teenager with bad acne sold them their tickets. They were cheap considering the other events and concerts that they normally went to. As they got closer to the big tent they saw a strange looking man with a large orange beard taking tickets to let them in. He looked to be out of a bygone century with a crushed velvet cravat and ivory button shirt. His jacket was bright red and flared out at the collar. 

"Welcome, new friends," he said with a richly deep voice. "Here you will see a new world outside the bounds of over-priced coffee and hybrid cars. You can be reminded of the true necessities of life and how one can live as they were meant to."

"Do you have an I-phone charger?" asked Kent. "My battery is low."

"We have no I-phones here," said the man. "Those are for life in town. We live in the beyond."

"You don't play Candy Crush then?"

The man smiled. "Enter. There is candy, and you never know what may get crushed. Perhaps the tent and the clowns under it."

"That's a little creepy," said Daphne. 

"Let's just go in," said Dave. "I need plenty of notes."

"Is the gentleman looking to learn about the kindred? We are a close-knit folk, sir. You'll find people willing to be nice as long as you are nice to them."

"We gave you money, and you are nice or the word gets around that you're not. These 'kindred' may be a close -knit folk, but if the money on the highway goes dry they won't e making it together very long."

"Very clever retort, good sir. Naturally you are right. Forgive my presumption. I could tell that you were an educated man from the moment these foolish eyes of mine beheld you."

That wasn't sitting well with Dave, who could still get sarcasm despite the fact that he pretended to be the spawn of it. However, Colleen stepped in.

"We're sorry to hold you up, mister. Thank you for the warm welcome, really." She offered her best smile, and in her mind pleaded with the man to please take the hint and just send them on their way.

He offered her a flourishing bow, and even took her hand and kissed it. 

"A pleasure, to have a fine lady like you with such a pretty smile," he said. "Please step right in. The show will begin in mere moments."

Thank you, God, she thought. I will never go anywhere with Dave again, I swear.

With no other issues impeding them, Colleen and her sometime friends made their way inside. 

When all were seated, they waited for a time. The man with the big orange bead came into the center of the ring, and introduced himself as the Ringmaster. He quickly welcomed them, and announced that the show would now begin.

The crowd inside was fairy enthused. A circus was a novel thing for most of them. It progressed as many did with animals and performers. Colleen thought that it was all really interesting to watch. She couldn't do any of those crazy things, and certainly didn't like being near animals. The smell was there, but it didn't live up the negative memory I tried to tie to it.

There were some clowns mixed in with the regular performers. Dave explained that clowns could either be acrobats or acrobats could dress as clowns. The ones that they saw were the more modest clowns. The more intense clown troupe would be coming out later. Colleen noticed that he really seemed excited about it.

Daphne and Kent seemed bored. Dave got plenty of notes, and seemed caught up in his own world of dissecting the entire display. Colleen found it difficult to tell what he was thinking when he was in his "zone". 

Then the more intense clowns came into view.

They were a wild mixture of colors and accessories: big red noses, extra-large neon shoes, costumes that ranged from garish to someplace well-beyond the bounds of normal human imagination. Stripes, polka dots, glitter, sparkles, and a storm of colorful fabric. Their costumes seemed to be in a desperate attempt to compete with the attention that the clowns' own skins would seek. Any visible skin appeared to be completely colored with bold white or black make-up for its base, and then a phantasm of colors to accentuate the eyes and lips. Some had designs trailing across them like bizarre tattoos. The designs of some seemed to be made to connect to others. They would perform odd movements to where it looked as though they were merging to form larger multi-limbed beings. It was such a frenetic performance that it was hard to tell what any of the actually routines could be.

"And we have sent in the clowns," cried the Ring master. "Our wonderful troupe features such fabulous performers and Mr. Bubbles, Slappy the Saint, Nosey, Curly, and Colonel Colors. What shall transpire within the ring tonight? For just a brief moment we may venture into their uncanny valley."

"Those things creep me out," said Daphne.

"Why?"

"Just look at them," she said. Daphne seemed to be on the verge of a convulsion of disgust. "How can we even allow people to look like that now?"

"That sounds bad. I mean would you ever let yourself get caught saying that about an actual culture of people? Or an ethnic group?"

The confetti fluttered down into the central ring and onto the crowd surrounding it. Slivers of light caught on the foil pieces at moments as if a cloud of light had bloomed inside the tent. Colleen was in awe. She looked over at her boyfriend to see if he was as taken as she was. Dave didn't seem emotionally impacted whatsoever. The patronizing and analytical mask was on. She hated it. During their fights that mask crawled onto his face and refused to let her reach him. It was sad that amidst a space filled with people wearing make-up Dave was the one with the false face.

Flowers came next, erupting from small canisters placed to be hidden from view. They rained down like leaves ripped up in a high autumn wind. Colleen caught herself staring with her mouth open. She found herself smiling at the dazzling nature of it. 

She greatly enjoyed the rest of the show, and when it drew to a close she was genuinely sad to see it end. Dave had filled several pages of notes, and Kent and Daphne seemed relieved to be leaving. 

"We're not going yet," said Dave. "I need to talk to some of these people. I need their actual words."

As always they gave into Dave and his demands. They waited as the rest of the audience filtered out of the tent, and only the performers were left to begin the clean-up. Dave walked them over to the Ringmaster who stood off to the side after bidding the audience "goodnight". He was brushing confetti off of his red jacket when they approached.

"Oh, well our young visitors stayed after," he said. "Did you enjoy the show? I think it was one of our best."

"It seemed indicative of a rather traditional clown performance," said Dave.

"Well, that's a ringing endorsement." He looked over to Colleen. "Did you like it, young lady?"

"She doesn't care," said Dave.

"I seem to recall asking her, sir."

Colleen could tell that the man's tone didn't make Dave happy, and other people took notice as well. Several of the clowns had emerged and came over to see the conversation.

"I liked it," said Colleen, hoping that it would defuse the situation. "It was very pretty."

"As are you," said the Ringmaster with the big orange beard shining.

"That's a little inappropriate," said Daphne. "I mean this is supposed to be a family friendly place."

"And it is for we are in fact a family here."

"You're just clowns," said Kent. "Well maybe not you, but clowns are clowns."

"Indeed they are."

"I want to ask your people some questions," said Dave. "Are they aware that the mainstream world has forsaken their art, and that most people view clowns as monsters now?"

A thick silence hung over all of them. 

"That's a little rude," the Ringmaster mused. Colleen noticed that he was looking at the faces of the clowns around them, and seemed to be weighing his next words.

Colleen became all too aware of the fact that they were in the middle of a literal swarm of clowns. She could smell the mustiness and strange artificial atmosphere from their costumes. Everyone else was gone. What the Hell were they going to do if this went bad?

Dave seemed oblivious as he fidgeted with his hipster glasses.

"I really want to know about you people—really."

Colleen crushed her face into her palm. Why did she ever drive these people out here?

"It's time for the after-show dinner," said the Ringmaster. "Perhaps you would like to join us. The food can be quite good."

Colleen looked at Dave, who looked at Daphne and Kent. No one had the courage to say "no", and Colleen could tell that part of Dave could not help but be intrigued.

"Of course," he said. "We'd love to."

That was how they ended up seated amongst several fold out tables and chairs. As for the food it was actually more traditional than they would have thought: there was meat loaf and homemade macaroni and cheese. Collen was ashamed to admit that it was one of the best meals she'd ever had. The clowns also popped open a large jug of wine, and she felt plenty of need to drink as much as she could. It was very sweet, but somehow not nearly as cloying as other wines. In short order that wonderful light numbness took over.

Colleen didn't even have to care about Dave and the others. After several minutes she was using her hands to stabilize herself on the table.

"I was just talking to the others," the Ringmaster said to her. "And I believe there is hope for you yet."

Daphne's blonde head hit the table when she passed out. Kent leaned back into his chair only after a moment of being concerned for his girlfriend. Dave was already asleep. They were being drugged.

Colleen struggled to rise up from the table. She didn't make it far before one of the clowns held her firmly. With clumsy hands she tried grabbing his face only to learn that the make-up didn't come off, and the round, red nose wasn't made of foam but flesh.

"Nice to meet your too," said the clown with a big smile, and lightly pinched her nose.

Colleen's strength fled her entirely at that point, and she collapsed in the clown's arms.

She was only aware of fragment of consciousness or maybe it was all a dream. The effects of the drug caused such a deep stupor that it was hard to tell one from the other. She found herself on a large multi-colored inflatable—much like a whoopee cushion. Colleen was on her back in only her bra and cotton panties. She felt hot, and writhed in a strange feeling. Adding to her confusion her panties were sopping wet.

A short female clown with green hair skipped around the cushion holding of the hem of a polka dot dress. Light reflected off of the deep white of her face, and Colleen noticed the black circles drawn around her eyes. The top of her dress was tight, but nearly open to expose the top halves of bright white breasts that looked too big to be mounted on her small body. She hummed some idle tune that she was skipping to.

"What's happening?" Colleen managed to mumble.

Gloved hands began fondling her breasts through her bra. There were several hands doing it. Fingers dug under the lacey material to poke at her nipples. The bra was then ripped off letting her average, but perky breasts spill free.

"Those look very nice," said the short clown girl coming over to look. She had a very high little-girl like voice. "They should be bigger though. I remember that much."

Colleen didn't fight them. Her body wanted to be there.

A large clown in purple with a long floppy nose approached her on the cushion. His big gloved hands moved up her thighs, and dug their fingers into her underwear. Her white cotton panties were ripped off leaving her hot sex to cool in the air. She hadn't shaved it for some time, but didn't really have the time to be embarrassed now.

"You have a very pretty kitty," said the clown said. His nose was becoming engorged and rigid. "I bet she smells nice too."

"Pretty kitty kitty," sang the clown girl as she continued skipping around.

Colleen couldn't make her limbs move. She lied atop the cushion, and could only wait as the clown's face got closer to her unprotected pussy. To her shame she was getting even wetter as the prospect. He touched the tip of his erect nose to her moist outer lips.

"Oh yes," he said. "She's nice and ready. I'm sure my friends will understand if I take a little sample as my Halloween treat."

He braced his hands on her thighs, and slowly began to insert his turgid nose into her. Colleen shook as it happened. Dave and she hadn't had sex in weeks, and part of her welcomes the feeling of being filled up. She didn't have a long time to dwell on it though.

"I don't mind you getting some, Nosey," said another clown coming to her side. "As long as I get my treat too."

When Colleen turned to look she came face to cock with the other clown's engorged member. It was striped and multi-colored, as well as being the biggest that she'd seen in person.

"Open up, sweetie."

Colleen tried to shake her head in protest, but opened her receptive mouth anyway. She took it in—the size of it pushing her tongue down. Memory took over for Colleen. She ran her tongue around the clown's cock, and lightly sucked. To her baffled amazement it tasted like a piece of fruity candy, and she wanted more of it.

"That's it," the clown cooed, and gently stroked her face with his hand. "You're a good girl, and we'll take care of you."

She smiled as best she could with a clown's cock in her mouth. It felt right though. They were not hurting her, and she welcomed the attention for some reason. Colleen began to feel an orgasm approaching from the clown who was fucking her with his nose. While he pushed it in and out, his thumb rubbed at her clit furiously.

"Keep at her, Nosey. She's almost there."

"Almost there, almost there," sang the skipping clown girl, and she went faster and faster in her circles of the cushion.

Colleen sucked harder—to the point where the clown on the receiving end had his breath catch in his throat. Then her orgasm hit, and she shook again--the wave moving through her whole body like the passing of tingling cold blood. Their combined weight and movement forced some of the air from the cushion with a loud fart noise. They sank down into it.

Nosey, the clown on her lower half, withdrew his pleasure-giving nose. It was slick with her juices, and slowly softening.

"I think she's ready for the special treat, Curly," he said, wiping his nose off with his hand and licking it clean.

"And I'm ready to give it to her. Here it is, Sweetie."

His cock throbbed in her mouth. Several jets of his cum erupted into her, but it was more like whipped cream compared with cum she was used to. 

"She likes it," declared the clown girl.

"Don't spill," said Curly. "You're very special."

He finished and kept himself in her mouth for a while. Coleen's mouth was full of his cream now. To her delight it tasted like coconut cream pie. When Curly finally did pull his still throbbing cock from her mouth, Colleen was eager to swallow his precious treat. There may have been a tinge of doubt in her mind, but she couldn't imagine why she would have that.

Curly held her chin with his hand, and looked into her eyes. She smiled brightly, and wanted to lose herself in those shining blue orbs.

"You did so well, Colleen. We'll have to do something about that name though. I think that 'Smiles' might be good.

She didn't understand.

"Time to go night-night," he said, and Colleen fell sleep.

Collen woke up on a cot that must have been brought into the dining area. The others were gone as were the clowns. There was some evidence of the meal they'd had, but the dishes had been cleared away. She remembered most of the meal well enough. Had she drank too much? She had been very tired from the drive and the frustration of hanging out with Dave and the others. No, she thought. The wine....those clowns had drugged them somehow. And then she had that dream. She tried to shake it from her mind. At least it didn't happen. She was fully dressed.
