 Tina pulled the comforter around her shoulders a bit tighter as she settled down on the fake leather couch, remote control in her hand. 

A bowl of freshly -puffed popcorn and a glass of soda sat beside her on a coffee table.

"Another Friday night alone! No doubt he is down at Joe's Bar getting drunk as a skunk again!" she muttered to herself, switching the channels sharply with her thumb.

Her eyes narrowed as she became more irate by the moment.

Her fevered imagination lent visions of her husband, Tom, in the arms of a younger prettier woman, slow dancing. 

His hands reached behind to caress a tight nubile ass as he ground against her with a stiff hard cock.

"Chickenshit bastard!" She cried out, rising from the couch with such sudden movement the bowl full of popcorn went tumbling off of the table. "He's never taken me there but he can go there with his friends!"

Stomping to the bedroom she ripped the all-purpose housedress off her body, big buttons flying across the room along with two furry bunny slippers.

At this moment Tina Thomas was convinced her marriage was on the line. She might lose Tom to another woman. Some women will do anything to keep their man.

She let the hot rollers heat as she dug out the mini skirt from a year ago that Tom liked. 

She didn't allow herself the threatening tears as she counted the days, weeks and oh my god, over a month since last she and Tom had made love. 

Oh they had fiddled a bit here and there but the earth shattering stuff had gone out the door after Tom switched jobs.

Standing in front of the full-length mirror hanging on the closet door, she stood naked, lifting each heavy breast in satisfaction. 

Her pink nipples perked up as she tweaked each one between her fingers. "I have great boobs."

She smiled as she turned and inspected her tight round bottom with equal satisfaction. At least she hadn't lost her figure.

She squeezed into the tight black mini skirt and little knit tube top, adjusting her breasts so that they mounded together, forming a deep crevice where her necklace could nestle. 

Her nipples jutted out proudly as if begging for another tweak.

After rolling her fiery red hair she brushed it out into long curls that danced against her back. She applied a generous portion of makeup and glittering jewelry. 

Perfume wafted behind her as she walked back to the mirror and inspected herself with a highly arched brow.

No longer was she the boring housewife. Looking back at her was a sultry sex goddess with red pouty lips in high stiletto heels!

Those heels clicked sassily on the concrete as she sashayed to the car, swinging a little red bag by one finger and whistling. 

She slid into the driver's seat, pulling the scanty skirt down to at least cover the crease of her thighs. 

She took a deep breath and smiled. God it felt good to be bad!

Within minutes she was swinging into the parking lot of Joe's Bar.

She felt like she was in one of those old westerns where Miss Kitty and Doc would turn to look as she stepped into the bar. 

She stood at the door with her head held high. A few catcalls and whistles put a bright smile on her face as she searched the area of the front room for her husband.

Some guys were playing pool at the three tables in the back. Other than that it was just the usual bunch of drinkers hanging on at the bar and nursing beers.

Not seeing Tom anywhere, she did what any good wife would do. She took a seat at the bar pulling the micro mini as far down as it would allow. 

She winked at the bartender with a thickly mascaraed eye. "I'll have a scotch and water with a twist of lime."

A devilish grin was on her face but her mind was running through all the scenarios Tom might be in at the moment. 

Looking into the big mirror behind the bar she was reassured that sex goddess mode was definitely still on.

"Hey good-looking, how's about you and me dancing? There's a band in the back."

She smiled sweetly to the man sitting to her left as he told the bartender to put the scotch on his tab and stood up, holding out a hand to her. 

She eyed him up and down slowly, over the rim of her glass, and then rose with the scotch in her hand. He was a tall drink of water but she was not short herself at 5'6". "Sure why not?"

Country music blared forth as they opened the door to the back room and stepped in. People were on the dance floor scooting across the wooden boards to a western boogie. 

Her eyes scanned the couples and the tables quickly but she saw no sign of Tom or any of his friends.

Just as she was beginning to wonder if looking for Tom was a bad idea after all, the man pulled a chair out for her to sit down. 

Quickly she downed the scotch, setting the empty glass on the table, as she wiggled into the chair, tugging on the short skirt.

"Before you get the wrong impression you should know I'm here looking for my husband." She blurted out.

He laughed and again held out his hand. "You're safe, ma'am. My name is Joe and I own this hole in the wall. I have to say your husband is a lucky man."

She could not help but laugh too as she took his hand and shook it lightly. "I'm Tina Thomas."

"What's your husband's name? I might know him."

Tina realized that Joe was rather attractive in a rugged way, as he smiled kindly.

"Tom. Tom Thomas?"

"No kidding! Sure I know Tom. He and his friends came in early this evening for a beer."

He leaned back in his chair stretching out his long legs and chuckled. "So you're Tina?"

Tina blushed a bit as she looked at him inquiringly. "Tom has spoken of me?"

"Oh yeah, all the time." He grinned lazily. "Tina who burned his birthday cake and cried until he went and bought one at the grocery store. 

Tina who ran the car into a ditch and managed to get it out all by herself. 

Oh and the best one! When you called up his mother and told her to stay the hell out of your business because he is your baby now and not hers? Is it true you are a wildcat in bed? Tom says you scratch like a bitch."

Tina had a beet red face as she stared at Joe in disbelieve. Shaking her head she laughed. "I didn't think he talked about me, I mean us."

"He loves you a lot." Joe said with a wise nod. "The ones that talk about their wives and kids are not the ones you have to worry about."

Making up her mind Tina leaned forward and asked in a low voice. "Can I ask you something?"

"You can ask me anything." Joe replied sitting up and leaning closer.

"Have you ever seen him with another woman?"

Joe broke out laughing then looked at her seriously. "Not Tom. Nope."

Picking up the little red bag, Tina rose and held out her hand. "Thank you Joe. I will be back with my husband. "

Taking her hand in his, Joe kissed it and smiled. "It has been my pleasure. Don't forget, you owe me a dance!" ********

Tom held his head in his hands and groaned deeply. With a wide blue gaze he looked at the six point buck lying on the hood of his pick up truck, dead shiny eyes staring at him". "Damn, damn, damn!" he cursed.

Well nothing for it, he would have to leave his truck in the ditch until morning. Or maybe if Tina were up for it they would come back and get the meat. Either way he would have a long walk home.

Lighting a cigarette he flipped the butane lighter closed with a thumb and took a long drag. "At least it's you and not me, buddy." He set his straw cowboy hat on his head and climbed out of the truck.

His cowboy boots sucked against the gumbo mud as he pulled himself up the slick ditch bank.

He laid a work-hardened hand on the dead deer's chest before hitching up his belt. Turning to the long woodland road he inhaled deeply and sighed. "Yep, long walk."

Dripping strands of moss hung from the old oaks that canopied the road. The full moon shone on patches of rainwater that puddled on the road. 

It was not too warm and the rain lent a fresh clean scent to the night air. Tom found it was not so unpleasant a walk as he had imagined.

He tuned into the night like he did when he was hunting. Each sound of a twig snapping or croak of a bullfrog echoed amongst the constant song of crickets and grasshoppers.. 

Soon he was seeing an occasional flicker of light reflected from the pupils of small creatures amongst the trees. 

He flipped the butt of his cigarette to the side of the road and kept walking.

Tom came beneath a tall oak tree leaning heavily across the road. He felt an icy shiver begin right above his shirt collar and race down his spine. There was a deathly silence.

His eyes scanned the sides of the road, seeing only trees with hanging moss fluttering in the breeze. 

Beyond was ebony darkness lit in spots with small fingers of moonlight, but he knew swampland was back there. Gators and snakes would be out looking for a meal.

He caught a scent and tried to identify it, turning his head to the side. It was not of animal yet it had a wet feral trace to it. 

The moon slipped behind a bank of pregnant clouds, playing hide and seek. It disappeared and refused to come out.

He shoved a cigarette into his mouth and took a step forward, his eyes trying to pierce the blanket of blackness covering him. 

It seemed to suffocate him with the step of his cowboy boots amplified. His heart began to race as adrenaline cruised through his veins like wildfire.

He pulled the lighter out of his pocket and was about to chide himself for being a big baby. Just about to whistle Dixie and walk faster when he heard it.

He stood straight as a statue, not a muscle moving, and heard it again. Breathing. Soft steady breathing close by him. He could hear the inhale and the exhale.

The scent was strong now. It was intoxicatingly female. He felt an unexplainable surge of blood harden his cock as if Tina had touched him there. 

Reaching down he shifted the crotch to his jeans to accommodate this new development and began to turn around.

Suddenly a weight fell on top of him pinning him to the wet road before he could utter a sound. Blood oozed from his cut lip as his face was smashed into the hardened tar.

A quick sharp stroke slammed down hard on that vulnerable spot just below the nape of his neck. He grunted as air whooshed from his lungs, his eyes tearing with water. The stars seemed to skitter and fall around him.

His unconscious breath was steady as he was dragged into the underbrush. ****

Tina turned up the radio and sang with the windows all the way down, rain scented wind blowing through her hair as she drove toward home.

Well wherever Tom and the boys had gotten off to she wasn't worried. He talked about her! The birthday cake! And she never knew he was proud of her for getting the car out of the ditch that time!

Suddenly she remembered how Tom could be. She remembered the feel of his rock hard cock rubbing hotly against her bare skin. His dimples and his baby blue eyes and how they darkened with lust for her.

The sweetness of his tongue in her mouth twisting and turning and then twisting and turning inside of her lips below even more vigorously.

She began to imagine the treat she would have waiting at home for her husband. 

He would walk into their bedroom and she would be on the bed with her legs spread wide open.

With one hand she would be tweaking her nipples until they almost hurt and with the other she would be getting her pussy sloppy wet for him. 

Her fingers diving in and out until she could not stand it and then stopping just short of coming, her breath gasping as her eyes pleaded with Tommy to take her. Fuck her. Do anything he wanted to her

He would throw off his clothes and ravage her body with his stiff hard cock pounding into her, his mouth biting and sucking at her flesh. 

His hands would be all over her, grabbing her ass to shove deeply until she cried out in tortuous passion. 

She moaned softly and slid a finger underneath her panties to rub deliciously against her swollen clit. Why not start now? Why just have daydreams or even night dreams about it?

Her fingers grasped the wheel; all playful reverie cut short, as she peered into the darkness and slowly drew close to a red pick up truck in the ditch. A deer lay obscenely spread across the hood.

"Is that Tom's truck?" She said aloud as her foot hit the brake. Leaving the door open, she bounced from the car and slid against the muddy bank, reaching down to take off the high heels.

"Oh my God!" Her mouth hung open as she slipped past the deer on the hood and opened the driver's door. She looked inside searching for some sign of Tom.

Turning, her eyes flitted anxiously up and down the deserted road as Tim McGraw's voice sang 'Live Like You Were Dying' from her car's radio.

She managed to climb up the bank and get to the car where it's reassuring light comforted her in a small way. Sliding in, she slammed the door shut and turned the radio off.

Slowly she drove forward, calling out his name and using the headlights to search the sides of the road. On the road underneath a tall eerily branched tree something shimmered in the light. 

She pulled the car carefully off to the side and reached into the glove compartment retrieving a plastic dollar store flashlight.

Getting out of the car, she flicked the light on and tugged the mini skirt down in the back. 

On second thought she pulled off the useless heels she had put back on her feet and tossed them into the back seat, turning to square her shoulders and walk forward bare footed.

The small creatures seemed to tease her, a rustle here a twig snap there. Each time she stopped with a hard swallow and flashed into the murky darkness, her hand shaking slightly.

She reached down and picked up the lighter with Tom's initials engraved on the front. She had bought it for him for Christmas. She whimpered pitifully feeling its weight in her hand.

The light picked up a little patch of red wetness on the black-tarred road. She leaned down dipping a finger in it and holding it under the light.

There was no mistaking the drop of blood. With a sharp intake of breath she flashed the light all over the area until she saw where the thin blades of marshy grass lay flat as if a body had been dragged that way. 

"No Tom. No." she whispered in agony.

Her vivid imagination had her Tommy in the jaws of an alligator but sanity told her this couldn't be, because if it were true, there would be much more blood.

Unmindful of the short skirt that was hiked to her waist she set off in a dead run, the flashlight jiggling a crazy dancing light before her, but the bent grass path was, to her, as plain as day. ******

Deep in the dark dreams holding Tom, Gran-pere's crackly voice spoke warningly into his ear. "I tell ye son, there be all sorts of things not of this world liken to us out in them swamps. Folks disappeared out there for nigh on a hunerd years I reckon."

His subconscious tried to warn him what was on the other side. The waking world where he was being dragged like a sack of potatoes through the swamp at an inhuman speed, but, Tom did not want to wake up.

A sharp poke in Tom's side brought him back to the here and now swiftly. He almost jumped out of his skin trying to back away from the pointed stick as he rubbed his eyes. "What the hell?"

Wet black hair hung over a pale face trailing down long thin arms to sharply boned hips. 

Tom stared in disbelief at the creature squatting before him. Not a stitch of cloth covered this swamp nymph, or whatever she was. 

Her body was shining in the sparse moonlight from a thin sheen of sweat lacquering tight compact muscles. 

Small breasts with hard pointed nipples peeked through the stringy hair. A long finger was buried in a thatch of curly black hair between her thighs.

Before he could think what to make of her, she was straddled on top of him with the point of the stick digging into his throat until he choked with tears stinging his eyes. 

Through the haze of tears and darkness he thought he saw sharp pointed teeth. 

She snarled and pressed the point tighter, rendering him helpless. Her long nails scratched his skin as she unzipped his jeans and raised her bottom to jerk them down. In a daze, Tom raised his hips to accommodate her.

Leaving jeans and underwear tangled around his feet, she grabbed his cock and began to stroke up and down. 

She bent her head and the wet hair tickled his skin as she raked her fanged teeth against his flesh as if she might bite him.

Tom groaned as his body betrayed him, his cock growing hard and turgid.

"Wait a minute now!" Tom protested but she only growled and pushed the tip of the stick into his Adam's apple harder. 

Her eyes bore into his with a need greater than anything Tom had seen before.

Raising her bottom she used her free hand to steady Tom's cock as she prepared to ease down over the thick purple head. Moving back and forth swiftly she slid it over her clit. 

An animalistic growl escaped her lips as her increasing scent overpowered Tom's senses. 

She threw back her head emitting a shrill feline screech of triumph almost ritualistic and Tom knew she was about to impale herself on his jutting cock. The point of the stick eased for a split second on Tom's throat.

In that second, with a wild yell, Tom knocked the stick out of her hand and sat up, his fist lunging at the same moment. The woman never made a sound as her body fell limply to the side with a dull thud.

"If Tina finds out about this bitch." Tom murmured as he stood over the inert body and pulled up his underwear and pants " *****

Feral creatures are born to thrive in the dark regions of the world. They feed, mate and fight to survive on sheer instinct. Smell, taste, sight, touch and that other integral part of their psyche, the sensory antennae of perception that man knew intimately long ago.

It lies hidden deep within the recesses of mind and spirit, even in man today, asleep until need awakens it.

She had smelled his man scent, different but somehow the same as her mate who had found the clearing in the Path, leaving her behind with nothing but the dead weight of his body, which would never move again. Never mate to give her a young one.

Her nostrils flared wide when she leaned down from the thick sturdy limb that supported her. Wet black hair trailed to brush against the leaves behind which she was hidden.

She should have gone to the Stream of Good Water. She felt the danger but somehow it made her hungry. It was a feeling not of words, not as civilized man would think. 

She knew the mud that usually caked her bare skin would make her invisible to the naked eye yet the rain had washed it from her and now her skin glistened cleanly and she was close to civilization.

Her eyes had narrowed with contemplation as she watched Tom striding down the manmade road that was taboo to her.

Full red lips covered needle sharp teeth. The fingers that wrapped around the limb ended with long taloned nails, good for digging deep to spear the juiciest portions of meat. 

She traced a long finger down an inner thigh, delving between her bottom lips and twisting and turning. Bringing the finger to her mouth her tongue lapped the juices greedily. She would break the clan law.

The deer would be hers and this man could mate with her and then he too could be meat. Just as the others had. Sweet red meat for her clan. ****

Tina stopped running, taking in huge gulps of air as she listened with her head cocked to the side. 'Was that a panther or a woman screaming?'

Shaking her head, she gathered her strength and with determination, began to run again. She ignored the itchy sweat trickling down her back and the thin stinging welts crisscrossing her legs as the reeds whipped against her.

Tom heard a crash coming from the swamp as if a deer or large creature was running for its life. 
