 The sudden dissolution of Samantha's marriage had put an end to her well-planned ideas for the future. She was only a few months out of college when she met Todd. He was a lawyer for a prestigious firm, and by all indications he was a sure thing for partner. Todd was focused and determined, driven by a desire for wealth and prosperity. By contrast, Samantha was a bit of a wild child. An outspoken extrovert, she had never been one to shy away from a good party or a sudden weekend getaway to a music festival.

Samantha was also a very sexual being. She'd had many lovers in college, preferring variety and spontaneity. While most of her lovers were men, Samantha had experienced the soft touch of a woman on more than one occasion.

In the beginning of their relationship, Todd seemed quite happy with Samantha's openness towards her sexuality. Her extroverted personality and flirtatious attitude resulted in Todd enjoying the presence of two naked women in his bed on more than one occasion. In fact, when Todd and Samantha were married at a luxurious resort in the Caribbean, one of Samantha's wedding night gifts to her new spouse had been Jennifer, Samantha's maid-of-honor and one of her college lovers.

Over time, however, things began to cool. Once the whispers of a job promotion began to reach Todd's desk, he realized that certain aspects of their lifestyle could be looked at as being detrimental to the image the firm liked to represent. Soon Todd began to stifle Samantha's outward sexuality, telling her that it was for the good of their future. Being in love, and wanting nothing but the best for her husband, Samantha reluctantly agreed.

Over the course of the next ten years Todd continued to climb the ladder at his firm while Samantha played the role of doting, supportive wife. Having graduated from college with a degree in Nursing, Samantha had planned to work in the emergency room of the local trauma center. Todd found the hours too demanding, and asked her to work per-diem instead at a doctor's office. While she continued to work in the field she loved, Samantha found her job to be boring and repetitive. She longed for the action and excitement of the emergency room, but Todd would not budge in his wish.

Then came the day Todd told Samantha that he was filing for divorce. Shocked and stunned, Samantha collapsed to the floor crying. She had sacrificed so much, so many years, for the man she loved only to have him toss her aside. For weeks after the divorce was finalized Samantha went about her daily routine on a roller coaster ride of anger and depression. Then, on her 32nd birthday, Jennifer arrived at her house with a gift. It was a reservation for a week at a beachside resort in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico. All accommodations and airfare had been arranged. Samantha was surprised to discover that her flight left the following morning.

Jennifer spent the day with her, helping her pack and prepare. With the help of a few bottles of wine, Jennifer and Samantha spent the evening reliving and reminiscing over their college days. They danced to old songs and laughed at old stories. When the night drew to a close, Jennifer led Samantha into the bedroom and made slow, sensuous love to her. As she drifted off to sleep wrapped in the arms of her oldest lover, Samantha decided that she would spend this trip reawaking certain desires that had laid dormant for too long.

*****

Samantha stepped out the door of her hotel room and walked down the hallway to the stairwell door. The sun was bright, and a gentle breeze blew in from the ocean. Passing the elevator doors, she continued to the stairwell door. Being on the third floor, Samantha had decided when she arrived that she would only use the stairs. She figured that, with all of the partying she had been doing, it would only seem right to try to level the scales with a little exercise, even if it was only a few steps on the stairs.

The sun stung Samantha's pink skin when she stepped out into the parking lot to her rental car. Opting to leave the top up on the jeep, she turned the key and started the ignition. Reaching into her backpack she pulled the folded piece of paper out and began to examine the directions. She hoped that this trip would be as worthwhile as the mysterious woman told her it would be.

Samantha had met the woman in a crowded nightclub the second night she was in town. She took the seat next to Samantha at the bar and introduced herself as Daya. She was a local who had just recently returned from the United States. Samantha found Daya to be a very intriguing woman. She presented an air of confidence and sexuality.

Samantha and Daya spent the evening drinking and dancing. Before leaving, Daya retrieved a piece of paper and a pen from the bartender. After writing on it for a few minutes she handed it over to Samantha.

"What's this?" Samantha asked.

"It's the directions to a local spot that tourists don't go to. It's simply beautiful. You must go before you leave!"

"But, I'm a tourist. Are the locals going to be ok with me being there?"

Daya let out a laugh. "Gatito, you show anyone who gives you shit this paper. They'll leave you alone."

Before Samantha could say another word, Daya leaned over and kissed her. It was a quick kiss, but something stirred in Samantha. The feeling of Daya's lips on hers was intoxicating, and felt as though she could keep kissing her for days. Daya separated her lips from Samantha, then stood up from her stool to leave.

"Have a good time, Gatito!" 

In a flash, Daya disappeared into the crowd.

*****

It took Samantha most of the day to find the secluded location on the map. There was more than one occasion where she stopped the jeep in the road and thought to herself if this was a good idea. Each time she came up with a number of reasons to turn back, but Samantha willed herself on. Samantha had decided that this trip was going to be the stepping-off point for a new chapter in her life. What chapter it was, she had not yet decided. Samantha left that to fate.

The jeep came to a stop on a gravel driveway before a large plantation home. A young man stood up from his chair on the front porch and walked up to her driver's door.

"Can I help you? Are you lost?" He asked in a thick Latin accent.

"I'm sorry, a friend gave me directions to this place," Samantha replied as she handed him the paper.

He examined the paper for a moment. He appeared to be reading the instructions, and when he scanned the bottom Samantha could see the look in his eyes changed.

"Daya gave you this?" He asked.

"Uh, yes. Daya. That was her name."

"My apologies, senorita," the gentleman said as he opened her door. He offered Samantha his hand as she stepped out of the jeep, and she accepted it. "My name is Julio. I run this establishment. Allow me to get your bags. I will have a room prepared for you immediately."

"Oh, I'm not sure I'm staying yet."

"Oh no, senorita. You can't drive back tonight. It'll get dark before you get out of the mountains. It's not safe on the roads around here after the sun goes down!"

Samantha thought for a moment. "Well, I guess I'll be staying tonight."

"Very good, senorita," Julio said, smiling broadly. "Please have a look around, and enjoy a drink from the bar. When your room is ready I will find you."

"How much is it to stay here?" Samantha asked inquisitively.

"Oh no, senorita. If you are a friend of Daya, then your money is no good here."

Julio gave a quick whistle and a young man appeared at the front door. He jogged over to Julio who spoke to him in Spanish. The young man quickly got into Samantha's jeep and drove it down a narrow side road. It disappeared quickly into the jungle.

Julio led Samantha through the house to the back, then excused himself to oversee the preparation of her room. When Samantha turned to look out through the open doorway she felt her breath catch in her throat.

The doorway opened to a lush tropical paradise. A small set of stairs led to a section of beach that surrounded a small pond on two sides. On the other two sides the water was stopped by large walls of rock. A waterfall cascaded down from the mountain above. There were perhaps two dozen people in and around the water in various states of dress. A few women wore full bathing suits while more of them wore only bottoms. A few women were totally nude. Many of the men were nude as well. Farther to the right a small path led to a long staircase. The stairs wound back and forth along the side of the mountain, leading to the ocean below. 

Samantha watched as the men and women swam in the water. Some of them swam into lit caverns that had been carved into the wall by the flow of water through time. As she watched a young woman walked up beside her.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?"

"Yes," Samantha replied. "It's breathtaking!"

"Julio says that it's even better after the sun goes down. It's almost magical," the young woman said. "I'm Lucy."

"Samantha. You can call me Sam."

"Ok, Sam. Would you like a drink?"

"Definitely!" Sam exclaimed.

Lucy led Sam to the bar and ordered them each a Rum Punch. As they could take their first sip Julio appeared to let her know that her room was a ready. Before she left, Samantha agreed to meet up with Lucy again at the bar later.

As she turned to go inside Samantha heard the loud blast of a horn coming from the beach. Walking over to the ledge she looked down and saw a large boat tied to a dock. Looking around she could see many of the people who had been swimming. They were putting clothes back on and gathering their belongings.

"Julio, where are they going?"

"They are going back. Only invited guests get to stay overnight."

Samantha could see the look of disappointment on many of their faces. 

*****

The kitchen staff brought up a wonderful meal of fresh fish, rice and vegetables. It was only after they left that Samantha realized that she hadn't eaten all day. She ate her food slowly and deliberately, savoring each mouthful. She then stripped naked and stepped into the open shower on her balcony. The sun had gone down and her balcony was dark. The chain to a light hung next to the shower, but Samantha decided not to turn it on. The warm water felt refreshing on her skin, and as she rubbed the soap on her skin she looked through the darkness, down into the pond.

A young couple was swimming together in the light of a dozen tiki torches that had been lit around the perimeter. From her vantage point Sam could see that they were both naked. After a moment the woman turned and made her way out of the water, her male friend following behind. Sam watched as the woman sat herself down on a towel and laid back on her elbows. Without hesitation her friend dropped to the sand and buried his head between her legs. This sudden display surprised Samantha, but she didn't look away. From her dark balcony she was fairly certain that they could not see her.

As the woman let her head hang back in a sign of pleasure, Sam allowed her right hand to fall along her midsection, continuing down until her fingers came to a rest at the small tuft of pubic hair above her clit.

When the man got onto his knees and guided his hard cock into the woman's pussy, Sam thought she could almost hear her moan. It had been so long since Samantha had enjoyed her more wild side, and the sight of the couple fucking caused an awakening deep inside her.

As the man thrust into his lover, Sam moved her fingers down further, now resting on her clit. She opened her legs slightly and began to run her fingers in slow circles, moaning softly at the pleasure she was giving herself. The woman's large breasts bounced up and down in cadence with her lover's thrusts. As the man thrusted deeper and faster, Samantha increased the pressure of her fingers. She placed her hand against the wall to her left, steadying herself as her legs began to wobble.

Suddenly the man threw his head back in triumph and thrust deep into his lover, holding himself there. Even from her perch above them Samantha could see the man's buttocks clench over and over as he filled his lover with his cum. Fuck, Samantha thought with a silent laugh. She had so wanted to cum with them. She lightly tapped her fingers over her clit a few more times, then brought her hand away. She turned off the water and reached for her towel. As she turned to go into her room she caught one last glimpse of the lovers laying together.

Samantha walked out the back door of the house and saw Lucy waiting for her at the bar. The two women hugged and shared a kiss on the cheek, then Samantha sat in the chair next to her. Before she could say a word, the bartender appeared with a large drink. A white liquid and ice filled the glass.

"What's this?" Samantha asked.

"It's a house favorite," the bartender replied. "It's called Sex in the Jungle."

Samantha took the glass in her hand, then took a sip through the straw. The liquid was sweet, tasting of pineapple and rum. Another flavor presented itself on her tongue, but she could not place it.

"Oh, that's delicious," she said. "What's in it?"

"That, my love, is a house secret." He replied, then turned and walked away. 

Over the course of the next two hours and many drinks the two women got to know each other. Samantha learned that Lucy was a college student from Georgia. She, like Samantha, was visiting on vacation. When she asked Lucy how she'd found out about this place, Samantha was surprised to find out that Lucy had been given the same instructions in the same nightclub. When Lucy described who she had received them from, the description fit the mysterious woman who Samantha had met almost to a tee. 

Samantha heard two new voices speaking behind her. She turned in her chair and felt her cheeks become pink when she realized it was the couple she had watched earlier. They walked up to the bar and took the two seats next to Samantha. They introduced themselves to the two women as Julia and Carlos. They were locals who lived near the house. Carlos ordered a new round of drinks for everyone. Samantha reached for her glass and began to take a drink when Carlos leaned forward in his seat and spoke to her.

"So, did you enjoy our little show?"

Samantha let out a cough and nearly spilled her drink as she set it down on the bar. Julia turned and slapped Carlos playfully on the shoulder.

"I'm sorry," she stammered. "I don't know what..."

"It's ok. We knew you were watching. I mean, you are the only other person here beside us."

The effects of the alcohol were beginning to work its magic on Samantha's mind. Shen turned to face Carlos, a look of flirtatious defiance on her face.

"As a matter of fact, I did. You fucked her really good, but I thought you'd last longer."

Carlos threw his head back and let out a loud laugh.

"Yes, that's true! I didn't last as long as we would've liked. But watching you masturbate while I fucked her got me too excited!"

Once again, Samantha felt her cheeks go pink. This time, however, she also felt a wetness begin to form between her legs.

"How did you see that?" she asked.

Julia replied with a dirty smile on her face.

"Honey, you left the light on in your room behind you. You made a pretty little silhouette on your balcony!"

Samantha felt a heat radiate from her soul that warmed her entire body. The wetness between her legs intensified, and small beads of sweat formed on her neck and chest.

"Well, it got warm all of a sudden!" Samantha said, fanning herself.

Carlos got out of his seat and began to remove his shirt.

"Well then, let's cool off. Who wants to go swimming?"

Julia quickly got up from her seat and began to undress. Samantha turned to Lucy, nodding her head slightly and shrugging her shoulders as if to say "Well?" Lucy didn't say a word, but smiled broadly as she jumped out of her seat and began to get undressed as well.

Fuck it, Samantha thought. She got out of her seat and pulled her sundress up over her head. She wore only a pair of panties underneath, and she shrugged them down her legs with a swift motion. 

They each gathered their clothes and placed them on their bar seats. Julia and Lucy were the first to go running for the water. Carlos stood in front of Samantha, naked. She looked up and down his body with a quick glance. 

Carlos was in excellent shape, with well defined muscles on his chest and arms. He had thick black hair that extended down to his shoulders, but the rest of his body was devoid of hair. His penis was a good size, and he was uncircumcised. 

Carlos reached out and took Samantha's hand in his own.

"Come on, let's go have fun." He said to her.

Carlos led Samantha to the water's edge, then released her hand as he jumped in. Samantha followed close behind him.

The water was cool, and it felt amazing on Samantha's warm skin. She could feel her nipples get hard almost instantly as the cold water enveloped her. She swam out into the middle of the pond, and she was surprised to discover that, even there, the water's depth was shallow enough to allow her to stand with her head out of the water.

Looking around, she saw Julia and Lucy playfully dunking each other's head under the water to her right. When Lucy was pushed under the water, she re-emerged directly in front of Julia and gave her a deep, passionate kiss. Lucy and Julia wrapped their arms around each other and made out for a few minutes before they released their grip. Samantha watched as the two women swam together into one of the many grottos. Looking back to her left, she caught a glimpse of Carlos. He was watching her, and he gave her a "come on" nod as he swam into the nearest cavern. 

Samantha swam after Carlos, entering the cavern. It was dimly lit by a single small torch, and the smoke lifted up and out through a small hole in the ceiling. Once her eyes adjusted to the new light conditions, Samantha could see that the grotto was perhaps ten feet wide and deep. The sides of the cavern to her left and right were smooth, while the wall directly in front of her came down to a ledge approximately two feet deep. The ledge rested a few inches above the water line. She swam toward the ledge and propped her elbows onto it, resting. 

Carlos swam up behind Samantha and placed his hands on her hips. He pulled her away from the ledge and brought his hands forward and up, taking her breasts in his hands.

Samantha leaned back against Carlos, laying her head on his shoulders as he caressed and fondled her breasts. His lips found her neck, and he planted small kisses as he pinched lightly on her nipples. Samantha let out a moan and brought her hands down, reaching behind her. She took Carlos' growing cock in her hand and gave it a squeeze. Carlos responded by tightening his grip on her right breast, while his left hand moved down her body. 

"Did you cum watching us?" he asked huskily, as his left hand found its mark between her legs.

"No," she panted as he rubbed her clit. "You came to quick."

Carlos chuckled. "Oh yeah. Well, let's fix that."

He released his grip on her breast and stopped rubbing her clit. Turning her around Carlos placed his hands on Samantha's hips and hoisted her naked body out of the water with ease and rested her down upon the ledge. He spread her legs open wide and began kissing the inside of her thighs. Each kiss was followed by a light bite of her skin. Samantha flinched with pleasure at each bite, and Carlos slowly worked his lips closer to her pussy. 

When he finally brought his lips and tongue to rest on Samantha's clitoris, she thought she was going to explode. Carlos sucked her into his mouth and began flicking her swollen clit with his tongue. Samantha grabbed his head in her hands and pulled him closer as the pleasure intensified.
