 Candy walked slowly to the side of the sorority house. She was exhausted from her classes, and there was no way she would be able to navigate the grand stairway at the front. The rounded stairway that led to the columned entry and huge wrap-around porch was elegant, but it had no handrail.

She reached out for the handrail at the side entrance and considered turning around when the bitchy voice of her sorority president, Marie LaTour, reached her ears.

"Cand-ass, so nice to see you," Marie sneered as she loomed over the side entrance stairs. Her southern Louisiana accent made it almost sound like a genuine greeting.

"Yeah, looking good," one of Marie's ever present minions chimed in.

Candy looked up at the trio of blondes. They were almost interchangeable. Marie stood out only due to the dark eyebrows that gave away her obsession with the bleach bottle. All three bitches-from-hell had embraced the plain vanilla, Texas-girl look. They were lean, blonde and sure of their own superiority. Still dressed in their practice uniforms for the cheerleading team, their presence was salt in her wounds.

She sighed and allowed her good manners, ingrained since birth, win out. "Hey y'all. Good to see you too."

Candy ignored their less than subtle digs at her now damaged eyesight. Six months ago, she had also been a scholarship athlete on the cheerleading team. Five months ago, her highflying days ended when she was dropped during a practice. As a flyer, she knew the risks: broken arms and twisted ankles were common injuries in her sport. What she hadn't anticipated was hitting the bleachers with her head when she was dropped. The impact was so hard it had nearly blinded her.

She'd spent the summer cocooned at her family's estate near Dallas. Following doctor's orders she had rested, and rested, and moved as little as possible. In the end, she had regained her sight in her right eye, but the left was almost completely gone. She was still adapting to the loss of depth perception. She didn't trust herself to drive. Maybe by next summer she would be ready to attempt it.

In the mean time, she was making up her finals from last semester and trying to keep up with her classes this semester, so that she could graduate as planned with her degree in Biology. The injury meant the loss of her scholarship, and while her parents had money, she didn't want to abuse their generosity. So, she smiled at the girls who had failed to catch her and entered the cool open space of the home she would continue to occupy for the next year.

Marie grinned as she relaxed on the front porch of her house. She had everything she'd worked so hard to snatch. Her scholarship was safe and she was President of the sorority. No one in the house knew how close she'd come to losing it all last year.

She vividly recalled the conversation with her coach last spring. The coach had summoned her to a private office.

"Marie, what's going on with your grades?" Coach demanded without any greeting.

"I'm doing my best. The practices eat into my study time, but I'm sure I'm passing everything." Marie wasn't sure. This was the first semester she'd been unable to secure all male professors.

"Unfortunately, we aren't going to have the same funding next semester. I'm being forced to cut at least one scholarship due to the new budget. You're at the bottom of the team for grades. Fix it or you're going to be looking for student loans." Coach looked away, clearly dismissing Marie.

Marie was so mad she couldn't see straight when she left that office. It didn't matter that she'd worked her whole life to get out of the swamp. It didn't matter she would have to drop out without that scholarship.

She'd hated Candace Sinclair from the moment they met as pledges three years ago. Candace, or "Candy", was everything she wasn't - tiny, wealthy, brilliant and confidant. It was enough to make Marie want to vomit.

Marie only planned to injure Candy enough to make sure she wouldn't lose her scholarship. She had already been blowing her Accounting professor. She didn't have a clue how to bring up her other grades; those professors were all women. She was determined to get her business degree and her MBA. She was going to be fucking rich. Not just rich, fucking rich. She was never going back to the swamp.

Now, she was sitting on the porch of the sorority as its President. Her scholarship was secure. She had two semesters to finish and she'd managed to find the classes she needed all taught by men. She grinned an evil, satisfied grin.

***

Candy dropped her bag on her bed and fell down next to it.

"Hey girl, you ok? I heard your greeting from the witches of Eastwick..." Molly looked over from the desk where she was studying to peer at her roommate.

"I'm good. Just need a minute to pretend I'm a corpse. Then I'll be able to study again all night." Candy barely moved her lips to respond.

"You got another headache? I can get you some ibuprofen," Molly offered.

Molly handed her the tablets and a glass of water. Candy swallowed the medicine on autopilot.

"Did you decide on a costume yet?" Molly asked a few minutes later.

"I don't know if I'm going." The annual Halloween party the fraternities threw was a big deal on campus. Candy wasn't sure she was up to it.

"It's only two weeks away and Marie has commanded that everyone in the sorority must attend in costume. I can't believe that bitch got to be President. If you'd been here for the election, it would've been you by a landslide."

"I didn't realize it was mandatory. I'll come up with something." Candy completely ignored the reference to her missed election. She wanted to be the President this year, but it just wasn't meant to be.

***

The sound of her cell phone jolted Candy from her sleep. "Hello?"

"Candace!"

"Maximilian, do you have any idea what time it is?"

"Eleven, and I know you're still studying, geek!" her cousin Max teased.

"Well, I was, but now there's a drool spot on my lab homework where I fell asleep on it."

"Hey, you know you're supposed to be taking care of yourself. You're still healing."

"Yes, mom."

"Speaking of moms, she asked me to check on you. I was thinking of coming out for the big Halloween bash. My campus doesn't do anything like you guys. Thought I could check on you and maybe do a little trick-or-treating if you know what I mean."

"You don't have to check on me. I'm fine," Candy was tired of the family treating her like a two-year-old. Her eyesight was impaired, not her brain.

"Well it's me, or Aunt Louise. I'm only 5 hours away. I can leave Friday afternoon, and we can go to the party on Saturday, back on Sunday. You don't have to see your mom, and I don't have to make an excuse to a girl whose name I don't remember."

"Great, you or my mom. All right, you can come. Are you wearing a dog costume?"

"Funny. Woof," he replied as he hung up.

Two weeks later

"Who the fuck is that?" the blonde on the porch came to life as a Black BMW M3 pulled up to the curb and a gorgeous man unfolded himself to his full six foot something height.

"Roll your skanky tongue up, he's mine." Marie knew money when she saw it and was willing to settle for an MRS instead of an MBA, especially with a man like that.

"Hey sugar," she called out, "you lookin' for me?"

Max suppressed the full body shiver elicited from the voice on the porch. "Well, now. I'm not opposed to looking, but I'm actually here to visit one of your sisters. My cousin, Candace Sinclair."

Another voice to his left called out. "Max, I'm Molly, Candy's roommate. She's on her way down now."

Max turned to the sweet voice. Molly was petite, with a head of curly red hair and freckles and the cutest dimples he'd ever seen framing a great big smile. He walked away from the blondes at the front without a second glance.

"I'm going to pummel little orphan Molly the next chance I get," growled the evil sorority President. "Who does she think she is, interrupting my conversation with my future husband?"

Max dropped Candy and Molly off at the sorority house later that night after catching up over a pizza. He promised to return to take them shopping for costumes the next afternoon.

"You didn't introduce me to your cousin." The voice erupted from the darkened living room as Candy and Molly moved down the hallway. Candy and Molly both jumped and squealed in fright. Marie appeared in the door, scowling at the two girls while inwardly celebrating her success at scaring them.

"Sorry about that, he was starving after a long drive. You know how men are," Candy replied trying to placate the demon, so she could get some sleep.

"Better than you do," Marie replied.

"Ain't that the truth," Molly quipped under her breath.

"Excuse me?" Marie whipped her head around to stare at the smaller girl. Molly wondered for a moment if it might not spin around completely.

"I'll introduce you tomorrow at the party. He's going to go with us," Candy quickly interjected to try to draw the attention away from her sweet roommate.

"Fine," Marie acknowledged before flouncing off down the hall to the President's suite. She'd achieved her objective, no point spending any more time with those two losers.

The two girls watched her go, not moving until she was completely out of sight. "Well, that was scary as hell," Molly said as her legs regained feeling. She started moving toward their shared room.

"Yeah, it's going to be a long year."

***

Max found a spot near the fraternity house to park. He must have had the luck of the gods because the place was packed. The frat house wasn't far from Candy's house, but he insisted she couldn't walk in the shoes she was wearing.

"Come on, you naughty nurse," Max ordered as he opened the car door for Candy and assisted her out.

"Naughty can be nice," she teased back as she adjusted the tight uniform down as far as it would go. It still exposed the top of the white lace garters that were holding up the white stockings. She checked the zipper and pulled it open just a little further, taking advantage of the boost her white corset was giving her underneath it. She had an old-fashioned nurse's cap perched on top of her wavy chestnut locks that grazed the tops of her creamy breasts. Combined with the 4" white Mary Jane fuck-me-pumps, she was a patient's wet dream.

Max gave her a light smack on the ass as he opened the back door for Molly. Molly had decided to embrace the shitty nickname the mean girls teased her with and was wearing a tiny red dress with a white ribbon around her ribcage that was finished in a bow just underneath her tiny tits. She had on black ballerina flats and very little makeup. She wasn't looking to hook up or impress anyone. She just wanted to survive.

"Why thank you kindly Mr. Zorro," Molly purred. She loved flirting with Max because it was safe and he was nice to her.

Max whipped off his black hat and bowed to her with a flourish. He had to use the other hand to adjust the play sword he wore at his side. "It was my pleasure Miss Annie. And, if no one claims you tonight, I would take great pleasure in adopting you."

He had assumed a slightly Latin accent and stared at her through his black mask with his beautiful turquoise eyes. The same eyes her roommate had. She knew he was just teasing her, but she still felt a blush rush fiercely over her skin and her panties get a little damp.

Max extended his elbows to the girls and escorted them into the crazy alcohol-fueled excuse for a masked orgy.

The frat house was packed and the music was loud. There were vampires and werewolves dancing with witches and pussycats. Max made his way to the bar and grabbed three unopened beers.

"Here, be sure to keep your eye on these until you finish." Max warned Candy and Molly. He'd been at parties where drinks had been drugged and he didn't want his cousin and her friend to be potential victims. He'd already seen an "apothecary" area behind the bar with a variety of pharmaceuticals from ecstasy to generic Viagra. They also had two large jars of condoms.

Theodore Applegate was leaning against the wall when he saw Candy dressed as the hottest nurse he'd ever seen. He was glad the white coat of his Doctor costume covered his crotch. They'd gone to high school together back in Dallas, but he'd never been brave enough to say hello. Two beers and his mean girlfriend blowing him off seemed to provide the bravado needed. He stood and moved through the crowd intent on his target.

"Hey Candace." Theodore tapped Candy on her shoulder unsure she would hear him over the noise.

"Teddy! How are you?" Candy turned and recognized the guy she'd had a minor crush on since her sophomore year in high school. She was surprised he was talking to her now. Candy introduced Teddy to Max and Molly.

"You want to dance?" he asked before he lost his nerve. He wanted to get her away from her cousin and roommate or he'd never be able to talk to her.

"Aren't you here with Marie?" Candy didn't want to cause trouble for herself by dancing with Marie's boyfriend.

"Um, she blew me off. She said something about finding a real man, so I think we're done."

"Then let's dance!"

Candy and Teddy moved to the dance floor leaving Max and Molly behind.

"What's wrong, Molly?" Max asked. The girl looked like someone stole her puppy for use in a science lab.

"That's Marie's boyfriend. If she sees Candy with him, god only knows what that evil bitch will do to her next."

"What do you mean 'do to her next'?"

"Well, I was at the practice when Candy was injured. It looked to me like she was dropped on purpose. Marie's an evil bitch. She was about to lose her scholarship and she was going against Candy for president of the sorority."

"Why hasn't my cousin told me this?"

"She doesn't want to believe it. She says it was an accident and since she was gone during the election, it's not a surprise that she lost. Your cousin believes the best about everyone. But, I hear things. No one notices me and I heard Marie gloating over the injury and the election with her bitchy entourage."

"That nasty fucking cunt!" Max swore under his breath, not wanting to offend Molly.

"Speak of the devil..." Molly saw Marie approaching Max. "Can you excuse me? I need to find the restroom."

"Sure, I'll wait here for you."

"No, don't bother. I'm going to look for some of my other friends. You don't have to babysit me. I'll find you later."

"Don't leave without me. I want to make sure you get home ok."

"Sure," Molly replied as she walked away.

Max felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up and turned to see what was causing the creepy feeling. Standing right behind him was Marie dressed as a witch. Her long black dress barely covered her breasts and had a hood that partially covered her dyed locks. There were slits up the length of her dress on both sides and the front and back exposing the high-heeled pointy shoes and her bare fake-tanned muscular legs. Max supposed it could be a sexy outfit on another woman.

"Hi there. I'm Marie La Tour, you must be Max." the witch smiled. He supposed she intended to be sexy, but she appeared more predatory.

"Nice to meet you, Marie." Max replied out of politeness while an evil plan of revenge began to take form in his mind. "How is it possible you aren't here with someone?"

"Well, I was. But, I understood that Zorro's all about saving damsels in distress. Want'a save me?" She pushed out her lower lip in what was supposed to be a sexy pout.

"Saving damsels and delivering vigilante justice," Max replied. "Looks like the first thing I need to do is get you another drink. Stay right here."

"Mmm. Observant too. I'll be here," the witch teased handing Max her empty red cup.

Max stood in the short line for the bar as a plan of vengeance began forming in his mind. Yes, it was absolutely time for some vigilante justice for the witch who took his cousin's eyesight, her scholarship, her opportunity to campaign for the leadership of the sorority. These were things that could not be returned. There was no restoration that could be made. Punishment was the only option. He needed to put a leash on the bitch, so she didn't continue to wreck his cousin's life. From what Molly said, the campaign of terror was ongoing. It was going to stop tonight.

Marie was enjoying flirting with Candy's cousin. The drink he'd brought her was almost empty. She was feeling really good from the ecstasy she'd taken earlier. "Do you want to get out of here? I need to see a lot more of you than we should expose in this crowd." She rubbed her body up against his pressing her hand on his crotch.

"Sure, we can take a drive and see the stars and the Halloween moon while you work your magic on me, my little witch," Max smiled down at Marie appreciating how easy she was making this for him. He was glad he'd popped a Viagra when he picked up her drink. His dick was a least half-hard, something that wouldn't have happened without the chemical assistance.

Marie grabbed Max's hand and dragged him through the crowd of costumed revelers. He spotted Molly and mouthed to her to stay, he'd be returning. She nodded in acknowledgment. He also noticed Candy still dancing with Theodore. He hoped the guy was worth his cousin's time.

***

Max drove out into the hill country a few miles from the campus. He stopped at the first turn out after leaving the city. No point in driving too far. He just wanted to do what he came to do as quickly as possible and get back to Candy and Molly.

He opened the passenger door for Marie and assisted her from his car. Damn, he was going to need it detailed to get rid of the stench of her perfume. "Hey, witchy-poo, time to work your magic."

"What kind of spell would you like to me to cast?" she teased.

Max leaned forward and grabbed the front panels of her dress where the split began. He pulled up and apart, ripping the cheap cloth in two. He took the scrap from her body, leaving her in just her red push-up lace bra and matching panties. She wasn't wearing any stocking, just the witchy heels. He dropped the ruined costume in front of her on the dirt and commanded, "Suck me."

Marie dropped to her knees instantly and began unbuckling Max's pants. He'd taken off the sword belt and hat when the left the party and was now in a basic black outfit with the small Zorro mask. The mask was working well to hide the disgust in his eyes.

Marie dropped to her knees on the wadded up cloth. It was so kind of him to think of her comfort she thought to herself. "I'm going to suck you so good, you're going to want me on your dick every day."

"We'll see about that." As it was he was sure he'd need two showers by the time it was done.

Marie took his half-hard dick from his pants and stroked it in her hand a couple of times. Max's dick was a nice size half-hard; she couldn't wait to see just how big he'd get when he was fully engorged.

She licked him from base to tip several times, working her spit over him with her hand. She slid her lips over the plump head and tongued his slit. She worked her way to the base of his ever-hardening cock. When she got her lips to his pelvis, she purred against the head that was pushing on the back of her throat.

Max grabbed her head, twisting his hands into her chemically dry blond locks and began fucking her face, turning her head as he wanted and pounding into the back of her throat. He'd never treated another girl like this. But this was Marie, his cousin's enemy. He was hate-fucking her as the only way to extract any pleasure from this disgusting piece of shit.

Marie was struggling. Her eyes were watering and her nose was running, but she found that she loved being dominated. Her hand went between her legs under her red lace panties and found her clit. She was rubbing and moaning in time to his thrusts.
