 Catherine Beauchamp sat in her parents' home library intently reading a book, passing time until she had to leave for her Saturday evening social engagement. Looking out the window, she saw a dark early evening sky contrasted with a sharp line of darker clouds in the distance signaling an approaching cold front. Leaves swirled and danced in the street below cajoled by a crisp New England autumn breeze. Catherine regaled in the mahogany paneled room with the rich leather chairs and couches, a cozy roaring fireplace and the view of the city from the penthouse condominium. Nothing could be more comforting as the weather changed for the worse. Her parents were selling the condo, which was disappointing because it was a wonderful piece of real estate. 

Out of the corner of her eye, Catherine saw movement in one of the security monitors. Taking a closer look, she discovered Lilith Basking letting herself in without ringing the door bell. Although Ms. Basking was a very good friend of the family, and had been employed to sell the condo, Catherine was offended by her unannounced entry. To complicate matters, Heather noticed Ms. Basking had a man with her, and a handsome one at that. Not that she should not have a handsome man with her- Ms. Basking was a very attractive woman. 

Catherine watched the two as they roamed the apartment. The unit had two stories and 15 rooms. Ms. Basking had entered through the lower level. If she came upstairs, the library would be one of the last rooms she would enter. Catherine chose to wait and watch.

At first it appeared Ms. Basking was showing the unit to a prospective buyer. Catherine found it odd that the two were dressed more for a night out on the town than a real estate showing, and, that Ms. Basking was showing the place at 7:30 p.m. on a Saturday night. Watching intently, Catherine tracked the two until they came upstairs and entered the living room. It was the show case room of the home. With a view across the harbor through floor to ceiling windows, everyone was always amazed and in awe at first sight. 

Ms. Basking did not turn on the lights, she just opened the curtains to show the view. She took the liberty of pouring cocktails. As she delivered one to the man, Mrs. Basking came closer to him than a business meeting would dictate and proceeded to lean up against him, pressing herself into his younger, fit body. She looked up at him and he pressed his lips against hers in a gentle kiss, then the two parted and giggled. 

Years ago, when Catherine was about 20 years old, and Ms. Basking in her early to mid 30s, her parents threw a holiday party for their socialite friends. Catherine was home from college for the December holiday break. One bedroom was being used to store the guests coats. Between her room and the other bedroom was an adjoining bathroom. Catherine was in the bathroom primping for the night. She heard voices and strange sounds in the adjoining bedroom- and not the sounds of conversation and idle chatter. Curious, she opened the door ever so slightly and peered in. There on the bed, atop all the other coats lay Ms. Basking, her fur coat open, skirt drawn up, legs spread, taking some unknown man in a moment of complete ecstasy. Catherine had never witnessed anyone doing it in person and salacious curiosity kept her silently glued to the scene. Then the door to the bedroom unexpectedly flew open. A woman entered the room, climbed on the bed, pulled up her skirt and planted herself on Ms. Basking's face. Heather watched in amazement as the threesome continued for half an hour or so until they were exhausted and decided they had better join the party and continue the menage later that evening. From that time, Catherine viewed Ms. Basking in a different light. That night, she went to bed with visions of the menage swirling in her head and arousal pulsing within her. 

For years Catherine and Ms. Basking had a friendly relationship. It was more than an acquaintance with her parents' friend, but, because of her parents, it never developed into a full blown friendship. Over the past few years, the two had grown apart and talked less, although she often found herself thinking about Ms. Basking. after witnessing the holiday spectacle, Catherine always wanted to know who the real Ms. Basking was- conservative socialite and professional business woman or salacious sex fiend? She never found the courage to ask. 

Catherine decided to let Ms. Basking know she was home. Quietly she walked down the hall to the living room entry way. She leaned against the door frame, crossed her arms and then her ankles, leaned her head against the frame and stood in the darkness for a few seconds watching as the two flirted and kissed. They were oblivious to her. At just the right moment, she cleared her throat and caught their attention.

"Catherine... I did not know you were home," Ms. Basking stammered, "I'm sorry, I would have rang the bell.... I thought your parents were away and this was a good time to show the place... This is Bob Alderson. He is interested in making an offer and wanted to see the skyline at night..."

"Nice to meet you Catherine. Wonderful place you have here," he said in a sexy British accent.

"A pleasure," Catherine politely replied with a smirk on her face, "I hope you like it. Well Ms. Basking, it looks like you have things 'under control'. I will be in the library. Please let me know when you are leaving," Catherine said as she made an immediate retreat.

A few minutes later, Ms. Basking came to find Catherine. She stood leaning against the wood paneled wall reading a book. "Dear, I am so so truly sorry, I did not know you were here. I hope I did not interrupt or scare you," she said as she walked over to Catherine a sly smile on her face.

"No, it is fine," Catherine assured her.

"Thanks for understanding," Ms. Basking said as she moved closer. Catherine expected Ms. Basking to stop at the point where people generally respected others' personal space. Ms. Basking had a habit of always standing just a bit to close. And, this time she came even closer. A shiver ran up Catherine's spine. Ms. Basking stood next to Catherine, leaned her shoulder against the wall and surveyed her. "My, my you are dressed quite fancy tonight... jewelery, high end dress to impress... hot date?" she asked.

"Cocktail party at Chad Whitford's. Then the girls are going out for the night," Catherine replied.

"You have such good taste and social contacts," Ms. Basking started, "I've missed you dear... you know, I could use a savvy person like you in my office. It would give us a chance to spend more time together... We should talk... I think we would make a great team... Interested?"

"I really enjoy what I do now, but I'll think about it and let you know."

"Well, don't wait to long dear, opportunities are short lived... What are you reading?" Ms. Basking curiously asked.

"Shakespeare's Sonnets... my favorite," Catherine replied.

"They are very good," Ms. Basking said, "You do know they are about a love triangle?.... I once knew Shakespeare well..."

"Really?" Catherine patronizingly replied.

"Yes... and in a way you would not understand," Ms. Basking muttered her voice trailing off, "... tell me, have you ever been in a triangle?"

Catherine was taken aback by the question. "No," she replied.

"Shame," Ms. Basking replied, "it is very erotic... Tell me, what do you think about Bob? Cute isn't he?"

"Very," Catherine replied.

"I think so too," she said beaming as she spoke of him, "I love his straight thick sandy brown hair.. oh, and his eyes, did you notice them? rich brown and deep.... We have been seeing each other for six months or so...." she said gently pushing the issue in Catherine's face, "...he flew me to Europe last week, Paris in fact. It was so romantic...." 

As Catherine listened to Ms. Basking, she lost her concentration and began taking note of Ms. Basking, her voice, her body, her beautiful black hair, her high cheek bones, her almond shaped green eyes and ruby red lips, her pale skin, soft slender shoulders, medium build bust, slender hips, shapely legs, pear shaped hips and ass.... then for the first time she suddenly realized she was finding Ms. Basking attractive in a way she had never before acknowledged...

"By the way, I love that dress, it looks so good on you," Ms. Basking said, regaining Catherine's attention, "... and your hair, I love the way you wear it up with those curls hanging down..." Ms. Basking, who was playing with the twisted dark brown wisps, said in a quiet sultry voice, "You know, for a while I have thought you found yourself 'drawn' to me. Since that little holiday party your parents had several years ago, you have looked at me with an unspoken curiosity.... Is there something you want to ask? Or maybe are afraid to ask? Sweetheart, we've known each other a long time. You know you can ask me anything, and I do mean anything..."

Catherine felt another shiver run up her spine and like a child about to be caught in a lie simply replied, "No,... no, nothing I've wanted to ask." 

Ms. Basking slowly inched closer, "Are you sure my dear? Your eyes tell me otherwise," the older woman stated as she slowly moved closer and softly kissed Catherine, pressing their beautiful red lips together for a prolonged moment. Catherine froze. She had never been kissed by another woman, and, never had the inclination to kiss another woman... except she had the lingering curiosity for Ms. Basking, and Ms. Basking only... Ms. Basking looked at Catherine and waited for a reaction. She received an uncomfortable smile before Catherine looked down and away from her.

"I've never," she softly stated as she looked at the ground, "but..."

"I know," Ms. Basking interrupted before Catherine could confess her curiosity for Ms. Basking, "and I wish you had confronted this sooner..." She placed her free hand on Catherine's midsection and kissed her again, this time with more passion. Mrs. Basking's kiss was assertive- her strong tongue penetrated and then probed Catherine's mouth. Catherine reciprocated and her tongue found and teased Ms. Basking's, darting their tips together and then pulling away, playing the role of a 'coy tease'. Suddenly she suckled Ms. Basking's tongue, suckled it really hard. The older woman immediately became deeply impassioned as Catherine firmly drew it deep into her mouth until it felt like she was going to tear it from Ms. Basking. Ms. Basking pressed her body into Catherine's as their passions rose and the kiss deepened. 

An underlying mystical magnetism which had been subtly drawing Catherine to Ms. Basking over the years emerged with a raging force. Catherine's heart raced and she could not, and did not want to, pull away. Her breath quickened, erect nipples strained for release against her corset and she stirred below. Intuitively, Ms. Basking lowered her hand from Catherine's midsection to the hem line of her mid thigh dress. She grazed her long red fingernails against Catherine's bare legs and playfully stoked her flesh. Then, Ms. Basking cautiously raised the dress, so as to not startle Catherine, found her panty and began massaging her through the lace silk garment.

Ms. Basking broke their kiss. She continued rubbing herself against Catherine and teasing the younger woman. She kissed her below the ear and down to her neck, where she planted gentle kisses and flicks of her sensual tongue. "You smell so good," Ms. Basking whispered admiring the younger woman's choice of perfume. Catherine let the older woman's talented hands take complete liberty with her body. "What about Mr. Alderson? He might catch us," Heather quipped between impassioned gasps.

"Don't worry my Dear, I sent him out to run an errand. He won't be back for a while..." Ms. Basking whispered and went back to kissing and caressing Catherine. The arousal between Catherine's legs grew strong. She leaned back against the wall and closed her eyes focusing on the mounting pleasure. Her hand cradled the back of Ms. Basking's head and she felt the fine strands of the shoulder length jet black hair running through her fingers.

Ms. Basking slipped Catherine's panty down to mid thigh. Catherine did not protest. Ms. Basking ran her fingers through Heather's coarse black hairs as she massaged her, cupping her sex and pushing and pulling at the coarse tufts. When she was convinced Catherine was completely submissive to her whim, she slipped a finger between the furrow and teasingly graced the very edges of Catherine's moist inner lips with her finger tip, circling the tender edges of her opening. Catherine leaned her upper body back against the wall, slightly spread her thighs to give Ms. Basking better access and slowly gyrated her hips in sync with the pleasure. 

Ms. Basking dipped her finger into Catherine's sweetness and then quickly darted it out. Catherine released a sultry "Ooooh," as Ms. Basking entered and exited, repeating the tease, "What are you doing to me?" Catherine asked in a shallow voice as she fought off the advancing climax. 

"Just what you have wanted for a long time," Ms. Basking responded as she planted another soft kiss on Catherine's neck and continued her slow steady assault on the younger woman's sex. 

Ms. Basking cautiously brought her other hand behind Catherine and placed a finger to Catherine's tight aperture. Catherine clenched and jumped in surprise, pushing her body up and bracing herself on the balls of her feet, her heels lifted off the floor. Nobody had ever touched her there. Ms. Basking had expected the reaction. She pressed her finger against Catherine's ass again and teased her sex as if nothing was wrong. "Trust me," she seductively cooed into Catherine's ear. She teased the aperture and eventually Catherine permitted her to penetrate it. Catherine was shocked that she was being rimmed, much less by another woman. It seemed so forbidden and surreal...

Catherine was in rapture. Never before had it felt this good. Her inner thighs burned and she ached for release. As Ms. Basking persistently teased, Catherine's heart raced harder with each wanton stroke. Small waves rushed through Catherine's body. She writhed and tensed to control the mounting pleasure but there was no stopping the oncoming quakes. 

Ms. Basking stroked her faster. Catherine bucked hard in resistance. Ms. Basking pushed her crotch against Catherine's thigh and with unbelievable strength pinned her against the wall, her cocktail dress hiking up, revealing black lace thigh high stockings as she pushed against Catherine. Catherine found herself pleasantly trapped. Ms. Basking darted her finger in and out of Catherine, fluttering it back and forth within her and pressing her thumb against Catherine's clit, stroking the sensitive bud, careful to not bring her release.

The intense arousal burned in her sex and ass. As the pleasure of her first orgasm raced towards her, she pushed down hoping Ms. Basking would impale her virgin ass deeper. "Dirty girl," Ms. Basking teasingly said. 

Catherine tried to twist and turn as best she could, not sure which way to contort her body to prolong the pleasure. Knowing she was losing rhe battle, she placed the palm of her free hand against the wall to brace herself. Ms. Basking felt Catherine's inner walls flexing and fluttering. The finger stroked across Catherine's favorite ridge, then again, and a cascade of waves washed across her body. She seized, seized real hard. Her body stiffened and she pushed back with her head, pressing it against the wall and arching her neck at the height of release. Ms. Basking lips lovingly drizzled soft kisses on Catherine's supple neck. From nowhere, a primal urge welled up from within, Ms. Basking opened her mouth and drove her razor sharp fangs into Catherine's sweet flesh, grabbing hold of the younger woman's neck. Catherine did not feel the bite, she was too entranced in orgasmic rapture. It brought a hard erotic shudder to Catherine and she violently tried to buck her hips as she released, quipping in "ooohs" and "aaaahs", unaware of Ms. Basking's misdeeds. 

Ms. Basking, her lips coated in Catherine's warm red blood, slowly drew on the young woman, feasting on her lusciousness as she continued to tease her. As Ms. basking drew on her, Catherine's climax grew more intense and it seemed their souls were melding into one. Her heart raced harder with the excitement, sending her precious blood to Ms. Basking's wanton lips. Catherine's blood stained Ms. Basking's lips, trickled across her tongue and down her throat and she became intoxicated on the sweet elixir. She held Catherine tighter as she fell into a blood sucking frenzy, frantically grinding and rubbing against Catherine's firm body, straddling her leg as she remained affixed to the younger woman's neck. A steady cadence developed between suckles of blood and thrusts of her hips. Ms. Basking's thighs clamped tight on Catherine's leg and she ravenously thrust her hips forward riding Catherine hard as she took her final draw of blood and the ultimate pleasure shuddered her body.

Catherine gave a deep erotic moan and one last heaving shudder. It caught Ms. Basking's attention and brought her to her senses, reminding her not to take this one's life. Catherine felt Ms. Basking's warm breath flow across her skin. Ms. Basking knew the trance would linger for but a minute more. She released Catherine's neck and licked the wound, instantly healing the flesh.

Ms. Basking was not proud of her parasitic nature. Having been thrust into the eternal world in the 1400's by a vindictive sadistic lover, she knew what she needed to do to survive. She was resigned to her existence but was ever bitter at him. She detested cold blooded murder. Forced to derive nourishment from the blood and sexual release of her victims, her existence was a conflicted one of lechery and sexual debauchery. She did not object to the later. Women of Catherine's age were like vintage wines, to be slowly savored. She kept several of them, randomly feeding as she fancied, each one having a unique and beautiful taste. The rotation kept them all alive. Men were for stamina, their liquids to be consumed in volume. She was horrified if she took a life, which occasionally happened by overzealous frenzied mistake. Regardless of who it was, her finest skill was seduction, seduction of her victim to cede all control and submit to her whim.

"That was incredible," Catherine moaned gasping for air, a smitten smile on her face, her mind in a surreal spell bound daze. Ms. Basking knew Catherine would now do anything she asked. She removed her fingers from Catherine's wetness and suckled them clean as Catherine watched her feast on her juices. Secretly, Catherine hoped Ms. Basking would continue. She could not ask, afraid of the implication. She just wanted Ms. Basking to continue. Ms. Basking knew what Catherine wanted, they all wanted the same thing, all had the same desire after the first time. Ms. Basking decided Catherine had had enough, "leave her hungry wanting for more... she'll be back," she thought to herself. 

"My dear, you are amazing.... but we should stop this little tryst before Bob returns... we do need to spend more time together... I really do miss you... perhaps a night out, just us girls? Maybe to discuss working together. You really should reconsider... like I said, we will make a great team....."