 Jake and Hesta Banner had been married for two years, but having been so occupied with their clothing business, which was now booming, they were taking this chance to have a real honeymoon. They had promised themselves a whole four weeks of driving through Greece, a country they both wanted to see, especially Jake.

Jake had never been to Greece, despite his mother being of Greek descent, and he had grown up hearing about the history and the mythology, as well as learning a workable use of the language.. 

"The scenery alone will be worth it," Hesta had enthused, "but there's the architecture, the Acropolis in Athens, for a start. Then there's all the mythology. Maybe we'll even find the house where your mother was born."

Jake had watched her adoringly, enjoying her enthusiasm, knowing that much of it was to please him. Lucky to have found himself such a gorgeous wife? He certainly was. Blessed with a face of classical beauty, with high cheekbones, wide blue eyes, and hair the tawny colour of a lioness. Even before they started courting, Jake's pulses had been set racing by the shapely body he noticed across the workshop floor. High, firm breasts, and curves that ideally fit with her trim five feet, six inch frame.

To finally have access to all of this wonder had been a gift from the Gods. Especially when he discovered the avidity with which she was prepared to offer her charms to him, and pay homage to his own body. Jake had known a few women, but Hesta's pure sexuality had stunned him. And it hadn't really appeared until he'd taken her virginity. From that time, it just got better and better.

"So many myths," Hesta had gone on," Olympus, the home of the Gods."

"I'll need to give thanks at that Olympus."

"Thanks?"

"For gifting me with you."

She had hugged him then, and reached for the bulge in his pants. But the honeymoon/holiday was set.

Already, they had spent some time, in and around Athens, the Acropolis had been everything they had expected, and the National Archeology Museum had taken nearly a full day with so much to see.

"Those statues, God, some of those guys were hung nearly as well as you, dear," Hesta laughed, as they lay in bed in the up-market hotel that night. Well, Jake was lying, naked, while Hesta, also naked, kneeled alongside him, squeezing his erection between her breasts, occasionally scrubbing it over her pink tipped nipple. She loved doing this to him, seeing his handsome face react to her every move.

For her, seeing Greece was a marvelous experience, but the nights had brought a major bonus. Being totally relaxed, away from the duties of the business, and being with each other all day, their sex lives had been special.. Hesta would have said that it could not be possible. From the moment Jake had taken her virginity, over four years ago, she had found unknown sensuous depths in herself, and they had set about lavishing physical pleasure on each other. Together they had explored the many routes that could be taken to obtain such pleasure.

Now, married for two years, she was particularly pleased with the number of occasions they had managed to have mutual orgasms. A fact that most people declared would be rare.

But here in Greece, everything was heightened. They'd taken in the Temple of Poseidon, and looked out over the Aegean Sea, as Jake told her the mythological stories he had been told by his dear, much lamented , mother. The ancient theatre at Epidaurus had been a wonder, and they'd been fortunate to see a play by Aeschylus performed in the open air. They'd walked in the clean fresh air, up mountain sides just for the view, or to see the ruins of some old temple. It was all so pleasurable and relaxed.

"Sometime, before we leave, we must make love in the open air." 

"That would really be a first," Jake had agreed.

After each of their excursions they had come back to the hotel, ate a hearty meal, drunk a little wine, and retired to make a perfect sexual end to the day.

On the previous night, Jake had insisted that he be the giver, and Hesta just had to lie back, while he tongued and kissed her upper body, mouth, face, eyes, and shoulders. When he moved onto her breasts with his mouth, Hesta knew she was on a pathway to ecstasy. Her breasts had always been sensitive. 

Before Jake, she'd had a few close calls, when her breasts were touched, and on two occasions had given hand relief to cool those guys down, otherwise she might have submitted. Always she had been waiting for the right man. And it turned out to be Jake.

Last night, when he'd moved his mouth down to her labia, and licked at her clitoris, while his fingers, searched her vagina and anus, she had orgasmed so violently that she found herself grabbing his stiff member, and working it so hard and so swiftly that he, already high with his ministrations on her body, had shot his load across her belly. The pair of them had fallen back laughing helplessly.

So the next night she was determined to be the giver, and as she played with his hard penis over her breasts, he had gasped, "Do you think we can do this every night of the holiday?"

She had paused and with a cheeky grin said, "If you're man enough."

For her needs, she was sure he was man enough. Her comment comparing him with the statues had been no false compliment. The two other penises she had handled might have been six inches erect, she guessed, but Jake's, now firmly gripped just where she wanted it for the moment, as he groaned beneath her, was at least two inches longer, and she adored it.

Hesta, with his erection firmly fixed between her breasts, bent her head down to run her tongue over the wide purple head. "Witch!" She gave a half smile, before moving her body to bend lower and lick along the full length of his rod, lifting it to do a return lick along the underside vein.

She was very aware that his hand had been stroking on her inner thigh from the back, and his fingers were beginning to tease along her very moist channel..

Accordingly, she took his penis and held it so that her open mouth hovered just above it. Glancing sideways to see his face, she then lowered her head, so that her open mouth enveloped his whole erection, and she pressed her head down to feel that large purple head strike at the entrance to her throat. Then with her tongue working feverishly around it, she started the purposeful back and forth movement that she knew would eventually drive him to fulfilment. 

Hesta knew that she was good at this, even though she had never performed this act, until just before they were married. Jake had joked, "You know, I wouldn't have married you if you couldn't do that."

To which she had replied, "Listen, fella, your thing is three inches longer because of me."

So she gave his adored member all her oral attention. She was aware that Jake was trying to turn her so he could get to a sixty nine position, but she was determined to out-battle him tonight. Hesta wanted most of the pleasure to be his. Mouthing him had, surprisingly, become quite a pleasing experience for her, but most of the joy came from knowing what it did to Jake.

Her mouth was working faster now, her teeth made gentle contact with his heaving rod, as she listened for his tell-tale moan and grunt and waited for the spurt. Faster and faster, she pumped at him now, every full stroke striking down her throat toward her tonsils. "You cruel witch!" he growled, and there was so much desperation in the sound that she was sure he was on the verge.

She was right. Within seconds, came his moan, as he heaved his hips upwards to press further into her throat, and she held it there as it spurted wave after wave of his white stuff, and she swallowed willingly, as his hand stroked the back of her head. One of the things he loved about her was her refusal to use any of the vulgarism connected with sexual activity. 

As they lay together after the passion had passed, he asked, "Don't you want to get something out of tonight's activity?"

"I just got a bellyful of your white stuff. I think that'll do me for tonight." They lay laughing together until they both fell asleep.

The next morning they were packed, signed out of the hotel, and in the car, heading north by eleven o'clock..

"Its quite a distance to Mount Olympus," Jake said , negotiating a tricky bend. "We won't get there in just one day.".

Hesta touched his hand, "We've got so much time. No knowing what attractions are waiting for us before we get there."

Hesta thought it was wonderful just seeing the country open up around them. Olive trees, cultivated grape vines, row on row, and masses of shrubbery. Beyond that, on both sides, there were distant mountains, and nearer hills. She lay back to enjoy it all.

Jake was enjoying it too, but his mind was playing around the way their sex life was developing. There was no doubting that this break had lifted them to new heights. His comment last night about doing it every night of the holiday, had not been a casual one. They seemed to be on fire every night. And last night, they way she had sucked at him, refusing to have her own satisfaction, only eager to give to him. 

She was a wonder. There were times though, when he was inside her, and they were heaving together, that he felt, in spite of the kind things she had been saying about his size, she had so much moist openness he would have liked to have been able to drive even deeper. Just being greedy, wasn't he?

They had been driving for a while, when she suddenly sat up, and pointed out to the left. "Oh, look, Jake, over there. Those two peaks, so much greener than others we've passed."

Jake glanced, and had to admit, the peaks with the foothills below them did look very attractive. "Can I see houses in the distance?"

Heat haze obscured some of the view, but Hesta too thought there was a splash of distant white that could have been houses. "Could we go and explore?" she asked. "That was going to be part of this holiday, anyway."

Jake agreed, and soon a pale signpost pointing to the left appeared, and sure enough, there was a left turn onto a narrower road. As Jake turned the car onto this diversion, he said, "Did you catch a village name on that sign?"

"It was very old and faint, but it was Priax, I think."

"I'll bet that's not on any map. Hope there's a tavern. Maybe get a room for the night." 

The narrow road was full of pot-holes, but after about three miles they reached the village. Small white cottages bordered the road, and one or two were set back on the hillside. A small white chapel stood further down the road but, thankfully, before that, there was a tavern. 

Three old men sat at a table outside, playing some obscure card game, looking, as Hesta commented, "Like something out of an old painting." 

Inside looked reasonably clean and rather bare, A few tables with wooden chairs around them, and a bar which ran along the rear wall, which also contained two closed doors.

Jake used his Greek language on the owner, a short man in his mid fifties, called Sakis, and in no time they were shown into a fairly small room, far removed from the five star hotels they'd been using. But at least it was tidy and cared for. A double bed, a sideboard and a wardrobe made up the plain furnishing. On the floor was what looked like a brand new rug, rather out of place. A bathroom, with toilet, was just across the corridor.

Downstairs again, they had a sandwich made by the owner's wife, a stern faced plump lady, when Jake asked about an evening meal, she told him she would make them a kleftiko, a popular Greek dish.

They strolled around the village, before taking a path among trees where they could keep cooler. In the evening they changed from shorts into something as Jake put it, "More suitable for dining." So for him it was casual shirt and pants, while Hesta wore a plain, simple summer dress.

The kleftiko was surprisingly delicious in the rather basic setting. Jake told Sakis, to compliment his wife on the meal, and he asked if there were any particular landmarks they might look for on the following day. Hesta watched as there followed a rather long conversation between the two men, in which she noticed a smile crease Jake's face as they spoke.

When Sakis returned to his chores, Hesta asked, "What was all that about?"

The smile had not left Jake's face, "Big surprise. He told me that up among the pines of the first peak there is a ruined temple. People rarely go up there, which isn't surprising since it was dedicated to a very special minor God, Priapus"

Hesta saw little reason for his smile, "What was he God of?"

"Priapus was said to be a fertility God, protecting livestock, fruit, plants, crops, gardens and-wait for it-"

"What?"

"Male genitalia."

"What? You better get up there fast to pay homage."

"I agree. Especially since he was said to have a certain endowment."

"Which was?"

"A huge penis-which was permanently erect."

"Mmm, interesting. Maybe I should pay homage. Make you jealous, would it?"

"I'd already read about him somewhere, but what Sakis said about this temple was interesting. There is an old wives tale, or should I say old man's tale that every twenty five years, at this time of year, when the moon is full, two virgins are sacrificed to Priapus. Rumour has it that two girls, well, young women, one eighteen, one nineteen did disappear fifty years ago."

Hesta gave him an up and under look, "Damn, virgins. I don't qualify. That's your fault."

They were still laughing when a stooped figure came to the table, and asked if he might sit down. The old man sat, and Jake bought him a drink, which went down before he even spoke. Hesta watched Jake trying to keep a straight face as they talked. A final glance at Hesta's cleavage and the old man limped away out of the tavern. Now Jake's smile broke out, and Hesta asked what the old man had said. 

Jake chuckled, "More old wives stuff. Said we shouldn't disbelieve. A May full moon is essential. He's been alive long enough to know how folk hid eligible females when the moon was due." He shook his head, "How about this? Priapus actually takes human form on the day of full moon, as he searches for virgins."

"Has nobody been to the temple when the moon's high?" Hesta asked.

"Too far up at night," Jake told her, and burst out laughing again, "Local young men have offered to rescue young women from being virgins."

Hesta loved seeing him so happy, "Situation normal. It's like that at home." she said, and they laughed together.

"He finished up by warning us not to be near the ruins after dark tomorrow night-the full moon."

"Well, we're not likely to be up there then are we? And actually he finished up by looking down my dress.

" He has good taste. Oh, I just love this kind of ancient folklore," Jake declared. "If I collect enough I may write a book about them."

After a further couple of glasses of wine, they went up to their bedroom, and as they got into the old metal bed the clanking of the springs, and the bumping of the bed head against the wall, advised them that this bed was not devised for lovemaking. Without hesitation, Jake slid over the edge onto the rug, and dragged a giggling Hesta with him.

Their embracing that night was very conventional—missionary position and all of that, and as she felt Jake grunting and spilling his seed deep inside her, she, in the throes of her own passion, was wondering when she should admit to him that she had stopped taking the pill when this holiday started. She knew he wouldn't mind, and she longed to be pregnant so she could surprise him.

They took things easily the next morning, had a simple breakfast, and Jake chatted with Sakis about the location of the temple ruin. "He told me of things to look out for that would guide us, and if we went directly there it would take about two hours. He did warn that the last stretch is pretty steep. His wife has made us sandwiches for lunch."

It was nearly eleven o'clock before they started. They were both in shorts, and baseball caps. Hesta wore a thin blue blouse, while Jake had a checked shirt. Both wore heavy duty trainers. Jake had to admit that Hesta's tight little shorts were a whole lot more attractive than his, and he admired the buttocks inside them as she walked ahead of him up the early trail.

As far as possible they kept under the trees for cover from the scorching sun.

"Sakis said it was exceptionally hot for May."

Hesta wiped her brow, "He wasn't wrong."

At last they reached the spot where the foothills gave way to the steeper rise up the mountain. Jake looked at his watch, "He was wrong about the time it would take to reach the temple. We've been walking for over two hours now, and we must have some way to go."

Hesta looked around her, "Looks like a good spot to eat and take on some water."

Jake agreed, and they were quickly nestled on a little hillock, under the shade of the pines. Eating was good, but the water was better, even though it wasn't as cool as they would have liked.

"Lovely view," Hesta remarked, looking through a gap in the pines which revealed the sweep of the valley below them. Now she gave Jake one of her naughty smiles, "Remember what we said about doing it in the open air?"

He leaned over to kiss her gently, "Nice thought, but don't you think we should save some energy for this next stage?"

Hesta couldn't argue with that, and soon she was leading the way up a much narrower and steeper track."We're looking for a clearing." Jake told her.

"Can you imagine," she panted, "how hot we'd be if we didn't have the shade of the pines? God, this is a tough climb. I hope Priapus appreciates our efforts to reach his temple."

"Did I tell you, he's depicted in some of the porno pics in Pompeii."

"With his reputation for constant erection, I'm not surprised." Hesta laughed.

At last they came to a space where the trees thinned out into a fairly grassy clearing. They each had a good drink of water, and Jake noticed how the perspiration on Hesta's blouse was emphasizing her bosom. "Good job you're wearing a bra," he told her. "I mightn't have been able to resist you."

"Big talker," she laughed. "Where now?"

Jake pointed to the right hand corner of the clearing where the pines looked to be thickest. "Right hand corner he said."

It only took a brief search to find the pathway overlaid with undergrowth. The bad news was it appeared to be even steeper than the route they had just negotiated. 

"Once more unto the breach, my dear."

Hesta laughed, "I hope I can still walk tomorrow."

The climb was difficult, with little outcrops of rock having to be negotiated. Jake had lost track of time. All he knew was he was hot and sweaty, and just a mite tired. He admired the way his plucky wife kept going.

At last they came to another break in the trees. Hesta had wondered what the sound had been as they came up that last stretch, and now she found that, to her joy, it was a mini water fall, from a stream that appeared to come out of the mountain itself.

She had begun unbuttoning her blouse. "Oh, boy, is that tempting?"

"Hang on, dear. The temple can't be far from here. Let's find it and then we've got this to look forward to."

In fact the first crumbling walls, overgrown with ivy and vines, were just a couple of hundred yards further along. There was a gap, which clearly had been the entrance, but the arch had long ago collapsed. 

Moving inside, they passed low walls looking as though they had been rooms of some kind. Then it opened out into what Jake thought would have been the main hall. At one end, to their right, was a straight length of high wall with rings set in it, and to the left was a narrow dais, also with rings low on both visible corners. Jake estimated that it was six feet, by three feet, by something like three feet high.
