 Today, I could feel was special... The weather was perfect. I went to the House that was rented for our game... I always enjoyed pretending to be another person from another time... A person with a Dark Secret... 

I will not go into the details of it because I would then be breaching the Masquerade... A Membership... Very few are actually welcomed into... This Friday was different... Sitting off to the side of the Meeting Room... Just off of the foyer... I was waiting for him...For Richard... As very curious as to how my request to join would be decided... And then it happened...

She walked in... Her boyish style... I was definitely attracted to women... But she was the first with a Boy like charm... I instantly found her alluring. The heat in my panties grew ever more present as she slowly walked towards me... Her gaze as intent on me as mine on her... I leaned backwards as she approached me... Kneeling down before me... She placed her hands on my knees and pulled them apart... I did not fight it... Something just told me to relax and go with it... She slid my floor length Satin dress up slowly as her hands slid up to my hips... Her smile... so Devilish... So Charming... So Devilishly Charming... She lowered her head between my knees and inhaled deeply... I know my excitement and my pheromones were ever present... My body began to tremble and I placed my hand between my thighs and leaned in close to her... 

She gazes into my eyes and then slowly reaches her hand to my neck... Her touch ignites this passion in me... I want to strip down right there and offer my body to her every whim... Her fingers find their way into my hair and she takes hold... I gasp as my nipples become fully erect and definitely noticeable through my Satin dress... She goes to kiss me and stops just short of my lips... My body exploding with Lust for her... To just Take me already... She backs away and Smiles a half cocked smile... Then she bites her lower lip... And Said... "Thanks darlin" She stood Just as the Meeting Room Doors opened and He walked out to tell me I was going to be a low level member to start out... Doing Ghoulish work... I could really care less at the moment... She had my attention... Her walk... Her long thin Boy like body... Her Amazing blue eyes... Her soft black messy styled hair... Everything that I wanted her to do to me... and Everything I wanted to do to her in return... 

Richard had put his hand in front of my eyes to get my attention back to him... I apologized to him and he had a coy Smile... "Heather has that effect on the ladies around here... "He whispers into my ear... I look up and then back down... He said don't worry... This is a place where we don't pass judgment... Now that I had been accepted to this world... I was to be introduced to the ones who would be requesting my services... and being a low level member I would be required to perform any job requested of me... My red curls hang down my flushed fair skin of my chest... The color of my skin next to the dark Green Satin of my dress was enticing... Even I had a foul time resisting the urge to caress my ever so soft skin... As I was led from group to group and introduced to the people who would ultimately hold my life in this society in their hands... I was preoccupied in my mind... I could not get her out of it... She haunted my thoughts and raped my mind... My eyes began searching the Main Lounge we were in... Searching for what... Searching for her... 

I am instructed to take a seat at Richards's table where I was to await my first assignment... Richard had slipped away with Silver... the Society Heiress... She was the one who clearly was held on highest regards here... I heard her say to Richard... "Come, my Paramour... Mi Amore..." I did not understand Paramour, but I knew she had called him her love... So I could only assume that they were lovers of some sort... Sitting there my mind racing... Silver was whispering to me telling me to have a drink... Relax... Relax... How could I relax when I was growing ever more excited and my anticipation grew moment by moment...? Just then, my mind came to a halt... and standing there with 2 glasses of a Dark red wine... My mystery woman... Her Smile and gaze still so seductive... Picturing in her mind what I looked like naked on a bed of Silk... I could only assume that's what she was thinking because it was the thought that ran through my head... As if she was showing me what she wanted... 

She Smiled and Handed me a glass... She Sat beside me and Urged me to drink with her... She didn't have to say a word... It was like I knew... I was still worried about my first assignment and she took my chin softly with 2 fingers pulling my gaze to her eyes... She was my first Assignment... I raised my glass to my lips... the wine smelled different... But the taste... so sweet and delicious... my mouth began to water... I wanted more... My desire for it so full... almost as if it were heroin to a junkie... My senses heightened to my surroundings... I could feel the passion in the entire crowd... Finishing my drink... She sat our glasses onto the table and Stood... She looked to the door and back to me offering her hand to me... I take it as I stand... I feel as if all eyes are on me... They were... She led me away to a long Corridor... 

Still not speaking a word... I could feel her intentions and I was enticed... The house so exquisite, so full of history... But my Mind was not on the Paintings or statues we passed... She steps in front of me leaning against a doorway... Reaching to open the door she looks inside and I enter the room without a second thought... A beautiful room... My eyes flow from one side of the room to the other, taking in the Beauty of the furniture... The bed a very old hand carved Canopy... Draped with Silk and Velvet... It seemed familiar... Almost like a dream... She slips up behind me... Her hands softly running over the soft folds of my dress... Finding the Laces that held it together... She begins to unlace the back as she kisses the nape of my neck... 

Soon I was standing there my dress on the floor around my feet... My intimate apparel and my shoes remained on my body... My breath quickened as she stepped away to admire the view... I step out of the dress and start to walk towards her... She steps back and looks to the bed... I turn and step to it... leaning against one of the Mahogany poles... I reach above my head and pull my hair down... Looking to her I notice this is definitely what she wants... Music comes from nowhere but in my mind... and I begin to move with it... Before long I am dancing with the bedpost... almost as if trying to seduce the aged hard wood... 

Before long she begins to remove her own clothing and sits upon the bed... The silk Bed clothes so inviting... My arousal so present... I slip around the pole and onto the bed... almost catlike... I crawl as if to stalk my prey... Just as I begin to pounce she moves and I land on the bed... She pushes me onto my back and then stands above looking down... "Just as I pictured" The first words I heard her speak... Just then... the image she saw flashed into my mind... and I had realized she put the thought into my head.... Her Dark gift... This was why I was able to understand what she wanted... Without saying anything I reach behind me and unhook my black lace bra... pulling it off and dropping it onto the floor... my breasts firm and luscious... The Sight must have been enough to break her because she dropped and began ravaging my soul... 

Her kisses ignited a passion inside of me making me yearn for more... My heart raced as her mouth moved along my flesh... Her kiss met mine and our Passion ignited... within us... Our bodies moving wildly... her hands fighting to keep control of me... She reaches up and holds my hand behind my head and I know she just wants me to relax... So I do... I lay back and allow her complete control over the situation... One last caress through her hair... and then my hands find a place to rest beneath my head... She removes the last of her clothing except her underwear... Even they were boy like... But I liked the way they hugged her body... 

She takes my hand and stretches it out to the corner of the bed and then the next... placing a silk blindfold over my eyes... my curiosity grows... I feel her attach a silken cord to my wrists and ankles... And then they are all pulled tight at the same moment... my body outstretched on the bed... Tied down so I can not disobey her wishes... Silence filled the room and Anxiety began to take hold as my senses were deprived from alerting me of what was happening... A soft tickle along my stomach... An ostrich feather... caressing my body... teasing it... I let out a soft whimper and the feather quickly changes to the sting of a leather flogger... I gasp and my body wriggles instinctively... My panties drenched with my excitement... Not knowing what to expect... I soon feel her breath above my supple breasts... My nipples ever so responsive and erect... I hear a knock at the door and someone walked in... and took a seat... I want to speak out and ask who is with us... But I keep my tongue... She continues to work my senses... Everything is so intense... 

Soon I feel her warm lips upon my breasts again... Her kisses so sweet... her tongue like a snake slithering about my skin... Searching for a home... Searching for a taste... A Junkie looking for her Drug... Moving her head along my body... down my torso... along my Sides... her lips and tongue torturing my body... She works down further... Tempting... my body pushing towards her kiss... She backs away and the Sweet sting of the leather again... this time quickly met with a kiss along my thigh... Still working down... she caresses my body with her tongue... along my thigh, my knee to my calf.... Down along my ankle, to the tips of every one of my toes, so erotic, such a feeling of pleasure... Then her kiss leaves and another sting of the leather... her tongue on my other foot... Slowly working up this leg... my ankle... my calf... a bite on the side of my knee... And a soft suckle... Her kiss burning... My body began to feel weak... Then she moved from the spot on my knee... it still ached... Her kiss moving along the inside of my thigh... quickly took my mind from it... 

As her mouth moved along higher and higher... I heard Foot steps coming towards the bed... I had forgotten about the person who had joined us in the room... They stopped and as she continued to kiss my thigh... making me burn with desire... I could hear a blade unsheathe... I felt fingers on the top of my panties and I heard the knife slice through them like a hot knife through warm butter... The fingers moved along the waistline to the other side and again the same sound of my underwear being cut... they fall between my legs... my wetness making them stick to my soft pink folds... The footsteps walking away from the bed as the blade finds its home... a squeak in the chair as the person sits back down... That smell, a very rare and expensive cologne... It was Richard... I would know his smell anywhere... He was the reason I wanted in... 

But before I knew it... Her mouth had moved to my panties and pulled them slowly away from my dripping cunt... I felt her sit up and the image found the way once again in my mind... as if she were sharing her admiration of my woman parts... A gaze of my breasts... the lights just softly highlighting the soft flesh... then to my stomach... Sweaty... and covered in goose bumps... then to my Vagina... A gaze I could feel a burning desire inside... My pussy lips swelling with anticipation... My clit erect, peeking out from beneath my hood, drops of excitement slipping down... And then I felt the tiger attack her prey... 

Her kiss so deep and full... Her tongue moving along the folds... finding an opening and thrusting inside... then back out and to my clit... teasing it at first... then her lips encompassing it... A soft suction applied... a flick of her tongue... My body rocks with pleasure... my hips thrust towards her... She bites... and again with the burning... Her perfect drug... My pussy squirts its juice all over her chin... Just as she slips 2 fingers deep inside... I gasp out and whimper my body so full of desire... her fingers find a nice warm place to play and move about... Her lips begin moving up my body again... As her kisses find the way to my breasts... 

I can feel the tension on the cords holding my hands and feet release... I want to move my hands to her body... but I wait... relaxing and enjoying the moment... Her kiss moving from one swollen breast to another... and the bites burning... I feel a warm drop slide down my breast and my side... cooling almost as soon as it ignites my flesh... Soon her kiss finds my neck... and again... another sharp bite right on my neck... her sucking... so feverish... the burn... and soon it is gone... her lips meet mine and I can taste blood.. My blood... I am scared... but I do not panic... Her body begins moving over mine... her fingers still deep massaging my hot cunt... from the depth of my womb to the erect clit... just outside... Her touch... her kiss... the way she moves... as if she is fucking me... She is fucking me... and I am cumming all over her... 

I begin moaning and my hands find the way to her back... my fingers moving along her flesh..., it is so cold... Along her neck, no pulse, to her soft hair, tugging it gently, she bites again... And then backs away... Her fingers still inside me... my hands unable to reach her... I leave the blindfold and wrap my legs about her... The tension returns to the cords and my hands and legs are stretched out once again... Her lips find my left breast... and a deep bite... Then, Out of nowhere... A second mouth on my right breast... A sharp bite as well. Both suckling... my breasts as if they were a newborn suckling for the very life force that will keep it alive... 

The taste of the wine... and my own blood burning in my mouth... I bite my lip and I draw blood... I lick at it with a new desire... Soon my new friend Heather steps away... She has her high... I presume... and Richard takes over... I was already attracted to this man... Heather took a seat by my head... And gives me an assurance that everything will be OK... 

Richard notices that my mind is not on him and he begins to drag his nails across the inner skin of my thigh... As he bites while pulling his head away from my chest to look at me, My Attention was demanded... And I obeyed.... This Animalistic behavior... It was so entirely favored... to be found so desirable... 

I feel an animalistic feeling come out in me... My desire my Drug was for more... always more... My hands... My ankles... still bound... And I wanted out... My primal behavior wanted out... Richard stood and inserted his fingers into my cunt I bucked my pelvis up towards his hand and his fingers slam deep into my begging cunt... Slamming my thighs closed, I hold his hand inside... His thumb pressed against my clit... He begins to press and slip it back and fourth... Side to side... uncontrollably my legs spread and I submit to his touch... How could he know exactly what it would be...? I didn't even know that... How? My body welcomed his touch... Begged for it... And he had my full attention... 

He looked at Heather and then back to me.... His gaze... So intense, I lick my lips begging for a kiss... Just then, Heather leans over my face and begins to kiss me... I want to kiss her back but I am unsure of the consequence... She nips at my lips begging me to kiss her... I break down and kiss her back... My body quivers and quakes with Richard's massive fingers still buried Deep in my cunt and his Thumb badgering my clit about like a Worm on a hook... The pressure of his grip on my clit became ever more intense and then he pulls his hand away... It came... My Pussy Juiced and squirted from the kiss with Heather and the sensations inflicted by Richard... 

Now lying in a puddle of my own sex... Heather lays over me... Richard releases my hands and feet from the bounds that held them and I begin to move under Heather... My arms wrapped around her torso... Then my legs around her waist... I kick back and flip us over so she now lies beneath me... Holding her down I move my lips along her chin... She tries to reach to me to kiss me back... I deny her this... For now... As I go for her neck she draws her chin back and tries again... I move my lips to her breast... small... but beautiful... Her nipples... were like the tip of a pinky... Erect... and just the right size... Her Areolas like a quarter... Just Perfect, Taking them into my mouth I hold them in place with my teeth ever so gently and Flick it with my tongue, She exhales with a gasp trying to pull her nipple from my mouth... I release... Lift back to her face... Inches away from her lips I stop and she tries to kiss me again... still unable to reach... she wants to struggle but lets me do as I wish... 

Rocking her head back into the pillows... She arches her back as I release her hands and slowly stand as my hands move all the way down her body... And as I reach her feet I am completely bent over standing above her and my hair is resting on her stomach... Soft ringlets of a bright brick red hair... Sliding softly along her flesh... Not paying any attention to Richard he had snuck up behind me and stepped between Heathers legs... She spread them and I stepped between them not even noticing Richard still... She still had my devoted attention and pulled me to be between her legs and bending over her my mouth even with her breasts. Her fingers in my hair... I feel her begging for my fingers to explore... They do... I rip her crotch out of her underwear and my fingers instantly begin petting and playfully teasing her heated cunt... Just as I slip two fingers in as deep as I can I lean my head down to attack her nipple once again...? She moans with the pleasures now enveloping her body... 

Richard slips His own Erection bulging and throbbing into my inviting twat... I push forward onto Heather and my eyes meet hers... The elated look of pure stunning beauty... Pleasure... And that shimmer of animalistic behavior begging to be released... Richard after holding his cock inside me to let me... almost as if he wanted my mind off of him... with the distraction of Heather... Just to make me pay closer attention with a few deep and very hard thrusts... Slamming my swollen cunt so very full with his immensely sized penis... 

As he fucked me, I fucked and thrust into Heather... And she pushed back to me... We were all fucking each other... Richard sucking on Heathers toes while fucking me... Heather tugging on my breasts as Richard tugged my hair... My fingers beating Heathers Pussy up inside... A finger in my ass... No... it's a thumb... now two... Oh my... I can feel it... The Magnetism building, our animalistic behavior... I begin to move more and more wildly... Fucking both of them harder and faster... Soon I feel them join... I can feel an urge... an urge to sink my teeth... I bite down into Heather's breast... Her blood filling my mouth and I begin to suckle as had been done before... Coming up from her I lean back to Richard as he leans forward to my neck and his teeth are soon piercing my flesh... I look over to him and our lips meet as we kiss and share our animalistic kiss... Heather gets out from under us and kneels in front of me joining in our kiss of desire... Our passion subsided as we had a feeling of satisfaction overwhelm the three of us... Weakened from our blood loss we all collapse to the bed and I pass out...