 Josie Rawlings spent the next two days lost in a hazy world of alcohol and pills. Rather than face the issue at hand, she preferred to ignore it, pretend that she had not slept with the devil, pretend that he had not impregnated her, and pretend that he had not offered her the dubious title of being Mrs. Lucifer, or however she would be addressed. 

She did not allow anyone but Lupita, her most trusted servant, to see her, and then only to bring her another bottle, an occasional meal, and cigarettes. 

Throughout this time, Josie fretted, wailed, cried, and cooked up half formed ideas on how she might get the devil off her back, but when one is throwing up and passing out so frequently, intelligent thought is a difficult task.

Lupita was sure that her boss was having a nervous breakdown of some sort, and it wasn't the first time, though she had never let them last as long as this one had. While the rest of the staff whispered and giggled, Lupita worried. In Peru, Lupita had been a lot like Josie, surrounded by money and servants. After her parents caught her with drugs, they sent her to work in the United States for three years as punishment. She could understand people like Josie, because in reality, while she was not as cold hearted, she could certainly relate. Though other staff members tried to get information out of the loyal Lupita, none could, and they all hated her for it.

Of course, she did not have the issues that Josie did, and could not have known how serious her employer's problem was.

She had thrown up again by seven that night. It was the fourth time in the past two hours, and as she brushed her teeth, eyes in the mirror bloodshot and staring, she felt all too lucid, far too sober. The reality of that day was coming back to her again, and she was sure that if she drank a little more, took another Paxil, that she would be okay again. 

With a sigh, she left the red tiled bathroom, nearly tripping over the long nightgown of dark blue silk, and fell face down on the Berber carpet, her nose skinned. Josie started to cry, folding her arms under her head to do so. It was through a wet blur that she saw the feet, wearing a pair of spotless white Nikes.

Josie started to call for Lupita, but as she lifted her head, her voice caught in her throat, and she realized she was looking up at the devil, or Bob, as he preferred to be called. "This is pathetic, my love," he said to her with an easy smile. 

"Pathetic?!" Anger replaced the initial shock at seeing him here, and she got to her knees, tears still streaming down her cheeks. "Pathetic is trapping someone into an impossible decision. Don't you have worshippers that you can choose from? Why me? Why would you do something so evil?"

He began to laugh. A full, rich laugh that actually held something warm deep within. "I'm Satan, that's why," he replied, looking amused to the point of utter delight. "And my worshippers bore me. They have it all wrong. I don't want to be worshipped and all that black and red that they wear is tacky. I punish those that can't make it there and I am pretty well accustomed to running things myself. What has been missing is a woman to stand at my side, bear my children, and share in an eternity of power, soul torturing, and understanding, if not love."

Now it was Josie's turn to laugh. "You really think that I could love you? After what you did to me? I don't want children, yet that pregnancy test tells me that I am pregnant. And with what? Is this thing going to hatch and tear its way out?"

"Only if you don't sign the contract," he replied, a hurt look briefly entering his eyes. "I chose you because you are most like me. Of all the women that have entered my kingdom, of all the women that I have had and lusted, you are the only one that has impressed me with shrewd cruelty, a sense of fun, and the beauty of an angel. I don't want to hurt you unless you sign. Do you know what being the Queen of Hell will be like?"

"Gee, do tell," snapped Josie, still on her knees, eye to eye with his shorts, a pair of loose khakis that did not give away much.

"You'll have powers beyond your imagining. A permanent buzz? You got it. A lot of sex? You have that too. You won't die. I can be anyone you want, and you can have anyone you want, so long as I am your husband, and so long as I get the same respect you give me." He paused. "You can remain here, even. Split your time between here and my place."

She looked at him warily, eyes turned upward, now dry. "So if I wanted to lick Heather's ass, I could?"

Before her very eyes, the handsome man molded into the form of her friend, naked and bent over, swaying her heart shaped ass in Josie's face. "She" smiled over her shoulder at Josie, and then Heather was Bob again. Josie blinked.

"Are you serious? Aren't you like... The Prince of Lies?"

He dropped to his knees before her, taking her face in his hands and kissing her lips softly. It was truly a wondrous kiss, filled with so much emotion that Josie hardly recognized it, for emotion was not something she had ever paid a whole lot of attention to in the past. "How often have you heard of Satan making an ass of himself for a woman? For anyone? Don't make me torture your soul in Hell for an eternity by refusing me. We are having a baby, and he will look more like you than he does me. He will rise to great heights in politics and make a difference on this nasty little planet."

Josie had never been religious, but now, knowing that the devil existed, she confirmed a belief in God, and that scared her. Though she was incapable of feeling remorse, she was frightened, and the choice between eternal damnation and eternal life as someone with high status in Hell was one that she did not want to have to make, despite her practical mind insisting she sign the contract.

After all, if God got to her, he would send her to Hell anyway.

"Think about it." He began to kiss her again, his lips warm as they kissed their way down her white throat. "I can make someone like you so happy..." His voice trailed off as he scooped her breasts out the front of her low necked nightgown, kissing each one tenderly, his tongue sliding over each nipple. 

Josie tingled, and in an almost unconscious manner, her arms came to rest on his shoulders, one hand slipping up along the back of his neck. He was pushing her back onto the floor as he teased her, mouth never leaving one nipple or another as they went rigid. Josie felt herself growing wet, and a small gasp escaped her throat when he straddled her, rubbing his hard cock against her in a slow, dry hump.

"I'll always please you. Better than any man or woman can," he murmured against her soft flesh as his hands pulled the nightgown up. He lifted his hips to drag the silk above her waist, his hand pressing briefly to her bare pussy, relishing in the wet arousal he encountered. 

Josie wanted him. She wanted him inside of her, feeling every inch of that almost obscenely large cock. "Fuck me, Bob. Just fuck me and let me sleep on it. Please."

He chuckled, his shorts and shirt vanishing into thin air. "Only if you think on it sober," he warned, sliding his rock hard shaft teasingly between the folds of wet flesh.

She arched against him, nodding wordlessly. 

It was all he needed. He slammed the full length of his cock into her, and Josie screamed with a mixture of pain and delight, hips moving against his as they fell into a hard, steady rhythm, one hand gripping either breast. 

He was like fire. Every thrust, every touch of his flesh was hot, sending a fiery shiver through her that started in the groin and raced to every extremity. Josie found herself hitching her legs up around his waist, unmindful of the rug burn that would surely make her bleed as he thrust so hard and so deep that each movement sent her sliding backward.

The orgasm was a burst of pleasure that burned from the inside out, making her lightheaded even as she screamed and cried out his preferred name, Bob. Her fingernails raked his back, and she thought that she might pass out before it was all over, and he pulsated within her as he too, came.

When it was all over, he kissed her deeply, licking at her lips before he rose to his feet. "Think about it. My queen. My beautiful Queen of Hell."

And he was gone. 

Josie cried weakly into her hands, sprawled out on the carpet, his seed dripping warmly from her abused sex.