 Three weeks ago James Clark's city, Richmond, Virginia, was the site of a massive biological attack. James knew nothing of who did this whether it was an act of terrorism or a targeted attack from another country. In fact James didn't even know if any other parts of the country were hit, what he did know was everyone in the center of town were killed when the attack began. He remembered the first news coverage how they said a man set off a small bomb that leaked out smoke, quite clearly containing the contagion. According to the CDC members sent in anyone who was exposed to the initial pathogen died within hours. 

As horrific as that news was what James saw next was truly horrifying. The reporter was quickly jumped by a man wearing a hospital gown. Just as the poor woman started to be literal tore open the signal was lost. Before he knew it every channel on the television became an announcement stating martial law was in effect. Nearly one week past as he listened to the law, just waiting and praying to be taken out of Richmond safely. Yet the military was not looking to extract the survivors of this disease, they were sealing the city. 

By the time James was out of food and forced to leave his home the Military had sealed any tunnels leading out of the city as well as putting up a large wall forcing everyone inside to stay inside. As James left his apartment building he couldn't believe how empty the streets were, the normal smells of the city were now overpowered by a smell of death. Before long James came face to face with a horrendous view, the streets were scattered with the bodies of citizens. Some were shot, others were ripped open, to James's confusion some of them seemed to be both. A now numb James slowly turned around and headed back to his home hoping to wake from this nightmare he was in.

In the following two weeks James had learned that not only had the population of Richmond been decimated but the dead did not stay dead anymore. Whatever was inside this biological attack it caused the infected to die and come back again. The only thing James could tell they did was eat, anytime he'd leave his house for food he'd find one or more eatting a man, woman or sometimes a child. James learned brain damage seemed to finally put this things down for good so he never left home without some heavy and hard to bash the heads of the dead in. 

On the dawn of the third James left his home once again, heading to the small convenient store just down the street from his house. This store had kept him going solely but out of fear he only allowed himself a few minutes each trip to grab a few things. The loneliness was setting in as the days moved on, weeks without human contact weighed on James harshly. This was all he could think about as he walked down the streets, Am I all that's left?, was the one lingering question. 

James was able to push the thoughts out of him mind as he reached the small convenience store, thoughts of caution and protection took over. He slowly pulled out a nine millimeter handgun that he pilfered off of a dead cop. It still sat like a foreign object in his hand and a slight tremble kept it unstable. He lifted his eyes and they caught on a remains of the broken window, he could see what the last three weeks had done to him physically. James always prided himself on being a well kempt man but now, with his daily fear, his clean shaven white face was hidden behind a rough scruffy beard. His brown hair, now greasy, stuck out wildly. Even his once clear blue eyes seemed deeped and tired. 

He took a slow breath and walked into the store with his arm keeping his gun raised right by his stomach. James's head snapped from left to right before returning straight multiple times every few feet. By the time he was halfway into the building his fear was almost paralyzing to him yet James stopped closed his eyes and took a slow breath. His eyes quickly sprung open as the scent of rotting flesh filled his nose. Just ahead of him a man in a suit lumbered towards him, it's skin sagged off its bones and a large gash on it's head revealed his brain. 

"Fuck!" James exclaimed as he quickly put his gun up and shot at the dead man. The shot went wide and tore through the man's shoulder splattering blood and flesh along the shelving. The man unfazed stuck out its arm reaching for James as he continued to charge forward. James took a few quick steps back but stumbled over loose cans and trash causing him to fall with a hard slam. His gun went flying out of his hand skidding back towards the door, "Shit, shit, shit." James stammered out as he crawled back. James rolled over and scrambled to his feet, halfway to standing up he dove towards the gun and took it into his hands. As the man closed the distance James turned over and started to fire wildly into it's chest. 

The man stumbled back as blood poured slowly out of the four fresh bullet holes in its chest. Yet James went wide eyed as the man still did not falter, it let out a growl that turned into a guttural hiss. The thing took one step forward before a shot run out and struck him in the head sending it flying down to the ground. James quickly looked behind him and saw two men in military gear standing in the doorway, "The head son, it has to be the head." The older men said with a firm voice,

"You alright?" The second younger black man asked as he held out a hand,

James quickly grabbed his hand and jumped to his feet, to the men's surprise James quickly hugged the young man, "The military! Thank god i'm saved!" He exclaimed before pulling back with a wild smile. The men slowly adjusted themselves, the younger one rubbed the back of his neck causing James's smile to fade. "I-I am saved aren't I?"

"From that one? Yes. From this whole shitty situation? Afraid not." The older one replied as he adjusted his hat on his greying hair,

"No, no you guys are the military. You have this under control right?" James said taking a slow step back,

"We aren't part of a main force, we were sealed into the city just like you were. Our unit was just a scouting force, gather information." The young man explained,

"So you're just a fucked as I am? There is no way out of here." James said letting his body fall against the store's counter,

"I wouldn't say that." The younger one replied,

"What is your name son?" The older one asked,

"James...James Clark." He replied,

"I'm Captain Alex Reed, this is my second in command Scott West. Now I can not tell you that everything is going to be fine but what I can do is bring you somewhere safer than here." Alex explained,

"W-what? Really?" James asked wide eyed,

Scott walked over and put a hand on his shoulder, "Really, me and Alex found a small group of survivors trying to make it. We can take you to them." James nodded quickly, "Alright." Scott said calmly as he put his hand on James's back leading towards the door, "Do you need anything from your home?" 

"No please, just take me the hell out of here." James said as he wiped his eyes,

"Well alright, let's saddle up." Alex said as he turned around, walking away from the store. 

James knelt down and picked up his gun slipping it back into his belt before following the two men up the road for about a block. "How far is this place?" James asked,

"Across town." Scott said as he continued to look around, 

"We aren't walking the whole way are we? This town is full of those things." James said fearfully,

"No we aren't." Alex grunted back, "And keep your voice down, with all the gunfire we were bound to draw some attention." James went silent and kept his head down as he followed the two men closely. Only minutes later Alex spoke up again, "Scott get on the gun, James just hop in." He said as he walked around the side getting behind the wheel of a military humvee. 

James looked at the vehicle relieved, not only would this make the journey quicker being in this monster of a car would surely keep them safe. James pulled himself into the passenger seat while Scott got into the back then into the gunner seat. "Don't worries James, we'll be there in no time." Scott called down to him as checked the gun over,

Alex started the humvee and quickly pulled a U-turn, James eyes went slightly wide as they drove away from his street as nearly a dozen of the dead began to wander out onto the streets. Twenty minutes of silence lingered in the cab of the truck, James had dozens of questions to ask these men like, why were they sealed in here? What this disease actually is? Or why there are only two of them if a whole scouting group was sent in. This question seemed to most pressing to him, he needed to know that the military could handle these things with ease. 

"Captain Reed, I had a question." James finally said,

"Good ahead." Alex replied not taking his eyes off the road,

"You said back at the store that your whole scouting group was sealed in the city along with the rest of us." James said looking for clarification,

"That's correct, the total group was thirty well trained men and women. We also came in with a few CDC scientist who wanted to do some early testing on the field." Alex explained,

"Right but why are there only two of you? You and Scott said this group you're taking me to is other survivors, not military." James replied looking at him becoming increasingly worried,

"When the city sealed our group knew that we were stuck in here just like you. We used our temporary headquarters as a hold out, fortified the small wall we had. My commander sent us out to gather some data written down by one of the scientist who was working in the town hall." Alex said as he turned the vehicle down a back road,

"The town hall? Why would a scientist be there?" James as inquisitively,

"Early on triage centers were popping up everywhere. Knowing that one of our scientist and two of our men went to the town hall to document the process of death on some of the citizens. As you can imagine three men in a building of those 'soon to be's' didn't work out. Still we last heard he was making some progress and those notes could help a cure effort. So we go." Alex said firmly,

"But I don't understand if they need this stuff so much why only send two of you?" James asked in confusion,

"Well the others were working on setting up a base down in the city. We don't have too many men in our group and we need a safe place for our scientist to work when we get back. Last I heard they were going to set up in the park." Alex explained,

"Last you heard? When was the last time you talked to them?" James asked visibly concerned,

"Oh at least two weeks now," Alex replied easily, "Our radios lost contact with them due to the distance. Can't worry about them though, we have to focus on our mission."

"What if there is no one left, what if you're doing this for nothing?" James asked as he held his head in his hand,

"Well then we're fucked but on the other hand us doing this could save all our lives. So if you don't mind i'm gonna focus on the good and not the bad." Alex shot back. 

James looked up at him pessimistically before lowering his head again. He remained silent as the three of them drove down the mostly empty streets. Occasionally James would get the horrible sight of a dead man or woman who'd lumber towards the car before disappearing into the distance. Finally, just as he was falling asleep, Alex spoke up, "Alright we're almost there. Now I'd advise you to stay quiet while we explain everything to the others. Some of them aren't the nicest of people, others are wary of people ever since the looters started showing up." 

"Looters?" James asked,

"A group of assholes who at first were just grabbing supplies from stores but recently started attacking others. We found two people from different groups who said they attacked, killed and stole everything they had." Alex explained with a clear bitter tone,

"Jesus Alex you're gonna convince this guy coming with us was a bad idea." Scott shouted down to from the gunner position, "Ease up on all the bad shit." 

"Just trying to make him understand what's happening corporal." Alex replied with a lighthearted chuckle,

James felt the Humvee starting to slow down and it finally came to a halt right in front of an older stone wall. Alex pulled open his door as Scott moved back down into the back seat, "C'mon James, let's get inside." Scott said as he opened his door and got out. 

James got out of the vehicle and looked up at the large building, "What is this place?" He asked as he couldn't quite make it out,

"It's an old catholic mission." Alex replied, "Was abandoned for quite some time but the walls make it safer than most." Alex looked up and saw a heavy set man sitting on a makeshift platform by the north wall. The man was hard to see behind the sandbags but James could make out a lawn chair that he rested in. He could see a simple hunting rifle resting on his lap and the man's head drooped to the side. "Hold up, for a second." Alex said with a frown. James looked at Scott who held up his hand motioning him to stay calm. 

Alex walked up to the gate and whistled loudly waking the man. The man let out a grunt before picking up his rifle, "Who the hell's there, I swear to god i'll spread you!" The man shouted almost comically as he got out of his seat and put his gun up,

"Randy, is there a reason that you're sleeping while on watch?" Alex asked as he held an angry gaze,

"Alex?" Randy asked as he scratched his head, "It's a hot day man, I got tired."

"Uh huh, that your excuse if those looters showed up and got inside?" Alex shot back,

Randy rubbed the back of his head, "Right...sorry 'bout that." 

"Don't be sorry, don't do it again." Alex retorted,

"Okay." He said as he shook his head clearly annoyed as he climbed off the tower. Randy showed back up a few moments later to unlock the gate. As the three men entered past the wall Randy spoke up, "Who the hell's this guy?" 

"We found him while we were out. Randy you and Scott got unload the Humvee, we found some food and water." Alex replied,

"Why the hell are you bringing more mouths to feed?" Randy grunted back,

"Because Randy, people like James here are what's going to keep us alive." Scott retorted,

"What do you mean, he a military fella too?" Randy asked,

"No, he's alive and that's one of the most useful commodities we have now." Scott replied as he lead Randy back out the gate. 

As the pair disappeared around the corner Alex shook his head, "Don't know what to make of that one. Seems like he's always hiding something, guess he picked that up from city hall." 

"Really, he was a politician?" James asked a bit surprised as the man seemed nothing like it,

"Or so he says." Alex replied before turning back towards the actual building, "Regardless, he hasn't done anything for us to really worry." Alex explained as he lead you inside, 

"Reed!" A man shouted out startling you but only causing Alex to sigh, "Why the hell did you bring back someone else? You know you don't call the shots around here." A young thin man yelled, James was surprised as the man got right into Alex's face, "You're here because I let you both inside, don't think that means you get to run this place." 

"Eli you need to calm down." Alex said with a calm yet stern tone,

"Don't you tell me what I need to do Alex! The only reason we are working together here is because we have common interest." He nearly hissed into Alex's face,

"Eli stop, this is a person. He is just trying to survive like you and me." A woman said from just behind him,

"Hailey I know you want to help everyone but we know too much, we are a priority here. If Alex here keeps bringing more and more people in, it's a risk for us." Eli replied a bit calmer, doing his best to explain his point,

"What do you mean priority?" James asked now curious,

"We were hired early on to record the process of infection. We have a recording some of the first patients down here, not to mention we were in the room and have information ourselves." Hailey explained,

"Exactly so i'm sorry if I sound like a prick but we need to be alive so we can help the rest of humanity live." Eli shot over to you,

"Eli Jesus, take it easy." A young asian woman said with a scoff, "Excuse him, he's always being so dramatic." The woman said to James, "You're obviously welcome here." 

Alex let out a little smirk, "You should listen to Alice, Eli. She's thinking right." 

Eli pursed his lips before letting out an angry exhale and pushing past James and Alex. Scott entered the building holding two duffel bags and saw the ending of the argument, "I see James received a warm welcome." Scott said with a disappointed sigh,

"Randy?" Alex asked simply as he turned back to Scott,

"Back on watch." Scott replied as he tossed him one of the bags,

"Better check on him periodically, don't need him sleeping the whole time." Alex grunted back as he put the dufflebag on a large table. "Alice could you find James a cot?" 

"Sure." Alice said with a nod, "Follow me." 

James moved past a few pews that sat around haphazardly. The mostly stone building wasn't in the best state. He could see cracks in the walls and ceiling, along with a some holes in the windows. He noticed that the altar area was converted into storage area with metal shelves obviously take from somewhere else. A few other pews were moved into a circle around a firepit built on the stone floor. "James, you coming?" Alice called snapping him back into moving,

"Right, sorry." James replied as he headed past the storage area and moved into the priest's quarters which were empty besides bed cots. "Kinda crowded, huh?" James noted,

"Yeah but were never all sleeping at once so it's not as bad as it seems." Alice replied, "You can take this cot, it's not being used anymore." She said with a slight drop in pitch,

"Sorry, what happened?" James asked as he set his bag down on the cot,

"One of the biters got them. Nothing we could do." Alice replied with a little sigh, "You should rest up." She said after a moment, "You look tired, don't worry you'll be safe here." She added on as she walked out of the room. James watched her leave and slowly laid down on the cot, resting his head on his pack. Mere moments past before he fell asleep, something he wasn't able to do in the last few days.