 Charisma walked around the room alone as usual. It seemed these decadent, rich parties always turned out the same for a working class girl who made in a year what most of the party goers made in a day and a half. The lavish mansion ballroom was filled with the rich and selfish that only cared about her when she stood on the arm of the man who invited her, aside from that she felt like they could care less if she lived or died. Her date was currently no where to be seen so she was being ignored at the moment, walking through the room from one corner to the next holding a half empty glass of champagne hoping someone would help rescue her from her doldrums. No one ever did and tonight was no different so she did what she always did, eavesdropped on anyone who looked slightly interesting. 

The only reason Charisma even got invited to these parties was her looks and her finely sculpted body. She spent many hours in the gym each week working out to maintain her incredibly sexy physique and her surgically enhanced breasts currently stood out at a double "D" cup and were both being barely contained in her low-cut evening gown. Her short hair was well dyed and maintained as was her make-up and expensive shoes but none of it did any good as far as granting the attention she craved. Attention she normally couldn't get away from when she was at work.

The strip club she worked at was a very highbrow gentleman's club and the only reason any of the rich and powerful in this mansion even knew she existed. She had seen just about every single man in the place at the club at one point or another and considering how friendly they were to her there she assumed she would get the same attention at this party but not to be. None of them gave her a second glance and only once in a great while would one of them even smile at her or more rarely, say hello.

As she walked by one couch she noticed that a woman was sitting all alone and looked like she was in the exact same situation as Charisma. Her eyes wandered left and right and she appeared to be deathly bored. Not a single male partier was anywhere to be seen so Charisma started to walk over to her to alleviate her own boredom and hopefully, make a new friend. As she approached a tall, pale gentleman approached the woman and kneeled by the side of the couch where she was sitting. They spoke a few words as Charisma walked slowly towards them, she didn't hear what they said to one another but she could tell that the woman was glad for the attention and the man was glad that he had her attention on him. Charisma wondered whose wife the woman was and how close she was to cheating on that husband right under his nose and all because he was too busy trying to prove he was the best whatever kind of guy he was to even notice. She couldn't help but smile as she began to write a fantasy about this gorgeous woman being unfaithful to a man that deserved it so badly.

Her daydream came crashing down on her head when she noticed that the pale man kissed the woman's wrist and a thin rivulet of blood ran from his mouth and down her arm to drip onto the floor. Charisma stood in shock as the woman continued talking to him as he sucked on her bite wound apparently unaware that he had drawn blood. How could that be? How could you not see that someone has just bitten a hole in your arm deep enough to spill a quart and a half of blood? But as Charisma stood watching she realized that the blood flow was getting worse. The man's lips were stained in her life fluid, her arm was now covered in her blood as it ran over her skin in torrents and even a small puddle was growing on the floor. Charisma rubbed her eyes and her mouth open as she stood watching this poor creature bleed to death without the slightest clue that she was being murdered

The woman was rubbing her eyes and trying to focus them as she kept loosing her train of thought. The blood loss was clearly getting to her as she began fading in and out of consciousness until her head rolled to one side and her body went completely limp on the couch. Her blood had not only run down her arm but also soaked part of her dress and left a huge stain on the floor where she was sitting, now dead. 

The man simply stood, wiped his mouth clean of his victim's blood and walked off. Charisma followed him to a separate room at the end of a long hallway. He opened the door and turned around seeing her for the first time.

"You just killed someone didn't you?" Charisma confronted him. He just looked at her without changing expressions on his face. A couple of seconds passed and he opened the door to the side room and indicated for her to walk inside which she did without question. Once inside the room she spun on her high heel and looked him dead in the eye after he had closed the door.

"Why did you do that? You could have done anything you wanted with her, she was putty in your hands and you murdered her." Charisma spoke firmly.

"I wanted to kill her. It's been too long since I've fed and I was famished." He spoke to her quietly and approached her slowly. Charisma stood her ground.

"That doesn't make any sense, you didn't have to do that and now you're going to go to jail for murder." She crossed her arms in front of her chest and waited for his response. He just kept walking towards her taking a long time to cross the short distance.

"I don't think so." He said and the smile she saw made her own blood run cold and a chill ran down her spine. Quickly she turned to leave but saw that she was in a room that had only one entrance and exit and he was standing between it and her. She had just walked into a private room with a killer without realizing it and now she had no escape.

The murderer approached Charisma and finally closed the gap completely. Resigned to her fate she stood in place and waited for him to make his move. If she was lucky he would kill her as quickly and painlessly as the first woman, if she was unlucky he had a long night in store for her.

"What are you going to do to me?" she asked with far less confidence than she felt.

"I don't know yet. Let's see where the night takes us shall we?" he held his arm out for her to take and she hooked her elbow into it. Solemnly she looked at the floor as he led her behind a hidden door into a down staircase. Doing her best to maintain her dignity she allowed herself to be led to the room that would be her final resting place. The man was quiet and his arm was very cold, somehow sucking the warmth right out of her skin. His flesh was solid as well like his arm was made of steel rather than muscle and skin.

Once the door was open Charisma looked into the room and her jaw dropped. She was standing inside a huge bedroom that had three beds in it. The light came from several fixtures along the walls and three chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. The walls were covered in gorgeous tapestries and the furniture was ornate and appeared to be authentic antiques that were very well maintained. Two naked women were lounging on two beds that were opposite each other and closest to where she had entered. One of the women had Charcoal black skin and her hair was also black, her eyes were devoid of irises or pupils and were two narrow white ovals shining from her face. Her mouth was pursed in a frown that made Charisma's blood run cold. The other woman was pale, almost white in her skin tone and her hair was white as well. Her eyes were solid black and unlike her companion she wore a wicked grin that told Charisma she was happy to see the newcomer. Charisma was more scared than ever.

"Good evening my wives." The man greeted them.

"A new toy to play with?" the white woman asked. "Goody." She stood and walked directly at Charisma using slow purposeful strides taking time to examine her prey before approaching.

"Good to meet you." Charisma whispered swallowing.

"No it's not." The black woman spoke from her resting place. "Women who meets us usually spend the night wishing they were anywhere else. Even dead."

"That's ok." The white woman was smiling broadly and warmly as she brushed her hand along Charisma's chin. "I'll be gentle. It's Azriel over there that you should be worried about. She's a certified nightmare." Azriel hissed at the remark and stood next to the white woman examining Charisma closely. Charisma hadn't even seen Azriel move, she just appeared next to the white woman.

"Azriel, Ariel enjoy." The man said before leaving.

"I will." Ariel said giving Charisma a soft and gentle kiss on the lips. Ariel's lips felt like they were craved from ice.

"She won't." Azriel pinched one of Charisma's nipples through her dress so hard Charisma cried out in pain. Azriel laughed. 

"I get her first." Ariel told Azriel.

"Take her." Azriel resumed her position on the bed Charisma had seen her lying on when she entered the room. Ariel led her to the opposite bed and sat down on the edge of the bed looking at Charisma with horny lust in her eyes. Charisma's pussy started to get wet despite the fear that was now turning her stomach into a knot. She was here to die she knew that and these two devious women had something in mind for her that Charisma was not going to enjoy she was certain but as Ariel removed the gown she was wearing Charisma grew more and more horny by the second.

"What's your name darling?" Ariel asked her unhooking Charisma's bra. Removed from their support Charisma's large tits hung free on her chest and her nipples grew to the hardness of gravel in less than a second.

"Charisma." She answered quietly.

"Speak up god damn it." Azriel shouted from the other bed.

"Charisma." Charisma answered quickly practically shouting. Azriel's demand caught her by surprise.

"How do you expect me to hear what's going on if you talk under your breath?" Azriel hissed.

"I'm sorry." Charisma responded stepping out of the panties Ariel had just pulled off her waist and down to the floor. 

"Not yet you aren't." Azriel growled. Charisma was as frightened of the black woman as she was horny for Ariel who right now was rubbing her cold hands all over Charisma's naked body. The sensations were mind blowing and Charisma's breath caught in her throat as Ariel kissed her nipples and all around the soft mounds of her tits.

"Don't be afraid of her she likes to scare our playthings when I'm enjoying them. As long as you're with me she can talk all she wants. Its when I'm finished with you that you should worry." Ariel took one nipple into her mouth and began sucking on it, teasing it with her tongue until Charisma was moaning out loud despite herself. Ariel sucked on one tit and massaged the other with one frozen hand before switching sides and sucking the opposite nipple and then moving back again. The feeling of her hands was like being massaged by an ice statue but the cold was invigorating and only helped to heighten her passion. Charisma clutched Ariel's hair with one hand and held her other hand in her own hoping to soak in as much of the coldness as she could.

Ariel's seductive tongue was driving Charisma mad and she longed to feel the killer's mouth between her thighs. Ariel must have read Charisma's mind because she sank to the floor between Charisma's legs and spread them just far enough apart to fit her head between them. Ariel went to work right away on Charisma's clit and pussy lips bringing Charisma right to orgasm almost the same instant she felt the now familiar coldness of Ariel's mouth one her nether regions. Ariel didn't skip a beat as she continued to attack Charisma's pussy brining her victim quickly back to the brink. Both of Ariel's hands massaged Charisma's ass cheeks and Charisma clutched Ariel's head holding her face against Charisma's pussy. In what seemed like no time at all Charisma's body rocked and she screamed as another unbelievable orgasm washed over her. She convulsed and bucked under the assault of Ariel's frozen tongue and when it finally finished she felt spent and could barely stand.

Without warning Azriel took a hold of Charisma's short hair and yanked her head back so that she was looking straight at the ceiling. As she did Charisma felt to piercing fangs puncture her tit just above her nipple, the pain of the attack was driving her wild with lust, she felt like she was about to come for a third time as Azriel kept a tight hold on the scruff of her neck while Ariel dined on her blood. All too soon, Ariel released her tit and Azriel led her across the room to her bed and Charisma was now on all fours. Renewed fear gripped Charisma's stomach as Ariel's words from earlier rang loud and clear in her mind.

"I know you're going to kill me so just get on with it." Charisma whined. She was answered by a vicious slap on her ass that made her recoil in pain and scream from the sting. Her pussy glistened with her juices and despite how much the strike had hurt she wanted it to happen again.

"Why should I do that? That's no fun." Azriel reinforced her point by slapping a large paddle against one palm. "Just stay on all fours and this will be easy."

"For you." Charisma spat. Azriel violently spanked her ass with the paddle in response, the assault was almost more than Charisma could take and she screamed at the top of her lungs every time the paddle struck her ass. Blood from Charisma's bite wound still flowed from her tit and dropped onto the sheets forming a large red stain. After what felt like an eternity Azriel paused to admire her handiwork on Charisma's ass. Charisma could barely see almost blinded by the burning fire that used to be her ass cheeks. She wasn't certain but her pussy felt so wet she felt like she had come.

"That's the point bitch." And Azriel slapped Charisma's ass one last time with the brutal paddle before setting it aside and pouncing on Charisma's left ass cheek. Her fangs bit deep and finally cut the skin after Charisma screamed again in agony. She spent less time than Ariel did sucking out her blood but the sheer torture of the bite almost brought Charisma to the brink of tears. 

Ariel took a moment to position Charisma's ass in front of her face and start sucking on Charisma's clit and tonguing her pussy lips with a fury that matched Azriel's pounding with the paddle. In seconds Charisma felt her body rock and buck with an orgasm that left her with doubt of its occurrence. Once again the session was far too short and Charisma was back in Azriel's ferocious hands.

"Lay on your back my pet. I guarantee you're going to love this." Charisma obeyed silently this time dreading whatever the black woman had in store for her but at the same time all too eager for it to happen. She wasn't sure why but the torture and rape she was going through was exhilarating and driving her crazy with horny desire. No matter how badly she was treated her pussy and nipples begged for more. Her mind was terrified and her heart was lost in depression waiting the inevitable end of her life but her entire blood stained body couldn't care less as long she got more of the treatment and many more orgasms.

Azriel made sure to tie Charisma's hands and ankles to the bed so that she couldn't escape the next torture. Ariel lay down on the bed next to Charisma's prone form licking the blood off of her still bleeding tit. Azriel's naked black skin actually gleamed in the light of the overhead chandelier while she rummaged around a large bag that held various instruments of pain and agony. Ariel caressed Charisma's hair and rubbed her hands across her skin while they waited.

"So beautiful. I think I'm falling in love with you." Ariel smiled at Charisma.

"That's not going to get you off the hook, however." Azriel held up a pair of clips attached to each other by a long shiny chain. Charisma cringed, Ariel whistled.

"You're fucked now." The white vampire whispered into Charisma's ear.

"Oh shit." Charisma hissed as the clamps were firmly attached to her pert nipples. The clamps were so tight that Charisma could see her skin turn bright red almost instantly.

"Ow, ow, ow, ow." Charisma whimpered. "Those fucking hurt."

"You talk too much." Azriel complained and wrapped a gag with a large rubber ball around Charisma's mouth. Ariel fitted the gag and fastened it behind Charisma's head and the two women lay in wait for what Azriel had planned. The black vampire held up a small whip and twirled it in the air.

"Let's really have some fun." Azriel struck Charisma's inner thigh with the small whip causing the human to squirm in response. Ariel giggled and writhed in response to Charisma's muffled cries of pain.

"You're being really good. This is going to suck when it's finally over." Azriel lamented as she climbed onto the bed to straddle Charisma's hips. She struck Charisma on both sides of her body with the tiny whip causing sharp stinging pain in her sides. The strikes became more frequent and more painful Charisma screamed in pain through the gag as loud as she could, the sound muffled heavily by the large rubber ball. Ariel bit hard on Charisma's left arm and began sucking greedily on Charisma's blood once again, it didn't take long before she was writhing and bucking under her tormentors as another orgasm wracked her entire body.

"Don't think you're done yet." Azriel growled putting the small whip away. From the bag she pulled out one of the largest strap-on dildos Charisma had ever seen. Ariel released Charisma's arm and hissed loudly at the huge plastic member crawling away in horror. The blood loss and mindset she was in did nothing to hide Charisma's fear and she bucked and moaned trying to free herself from the restraints. Azriel laughed wickedly mocking her struggles.

"Give it up sweetheart you can't escape. Besides, this will be over before you know it." Azriel straddled Charisma's hips once again and folded her legs as far back as they would go to give the massive dildo easier access to Charisma's soaking cunt. As she pushed the oversized member into Charisma's pussy Azriel bit her calf and sucked some of her blood while entering her. Charisma's pussy strained and stretched to accept the dildo and she screamed in pain as it forced her farther and farther open. She struggled to accept the giant strap on and her body arched and squirmed as it pushed itself into her pussy as far as it could go.

Azriel stopped sucking on Charisma's leg and took hold of her thighs. "Ready or not, here you come." Azriel told her in a nasty voice. Charisma screamed at the top of her lungs as Azriel fucked her furiously with the massive strap-on. Her body was now coated in sweat as well as blood as another fierce orgasm wracked Charisma's body. Ariel bit her other tit and began drinking her blood again while Azriel drover her huge strap on dildo into Charisma's pussy with such force that Charisma thought she was going to burst. The blood loss finally becoming too much for her Charisma's heart fluttered as she felt the beginnings of a heart attack, Azriel must have somehow sensed Charisma's end was near and stopped fucking her.

"I'm actually going to miss you." Azriel moaned before biting Charisma's inner thigh.

"As will I." Ariel kissed Charisma's cheek before biting down on her neck. Both vampires sucked greedily and Charisma felt her strength rapidly fading, her vision went dark quickly and soon she felt herself falling into eternity.

Azriel stood up and looked at the dead woman strapped to her bed with a feeling of sorrow. Ariel removed the gag and kissed Charisma's lips gently.

"Don't tell me." Azriel placed her hands on her hips and cocked her head to one side watching Ariel rub her body against the body of their dead lover.

"Ok I won't." Ariel replied laying her head on the corpse's shoulder.

"I don't believe you. I don't blame you either."

"Good, don't."

Charisma woke up some time later. At first she didn't remember anything at all, not even her name but as she lay in the bed and looked around at her surroundings memories flooded back into her mind at such a pace as to leave her delirious. It took quite a while but eventually the night's events came back to her and she sat up startled that she had woken up at all. She was still in the same bedroom but now it was empty and she was still nude albeit free of bite wounds and dried blood. Near as she could tell the bed she was on was the third bed of the room, the one bed that Azriel and Ariel didn't use when they tortured and murdered her or at least she thought they had.
