 All characters are fictional and over 18.

*****

"I can't believe you talked me into this," Cindy chided her roommate after she'd tripped for what had to have been the eleventh time. Both girls were soaking wet and Cindy had lost her sandals circumnavigating the waterfall. 

"Didn't I tell you there was something behind the falls?" Rachel grinned from behind drenched black tresses. 

"Yeah, a big smelly cave. What a discovery!" Cindy chided. 

She'd never considered just how much force the seemingly serene Butterhill Falls waters had, but after being battered and pushed into the water, Cindy wouldn't soon forget. Rachel, of course, had somehow managed to finesse her way through the falls without suffering any indignities. 

Rachel was already charging up her crank-powered LED flashlight. "How do you know this isn't some ancient Native American burial ground or something? This could be a great discovery!" 

"What tribe buried their dead behind a waterfall, Rachel? How would they even get the bodies through that?" Cindy rung out the bottom of her tanktop. 

"Oh, then who do you think made that?" Rachel nodded down the cavern, shining the light in that direction. 

Cindy gasped at the site of what appeared to be a roughly hewn gargoyle carved into a relief within the wall. 

"You've got to be kidding me." 

Both girls approached the statue. Water had worn away many of its features, but Cindy could make out the shape of some kind of winged, clawed monster. 

"OK, really creeped out now," Cindy protested. 

"What? Really? Come on, Cind, this is fucking incredible! We need to go in!" 

"Uhm, no! Whatever someone did in here, they wanted it to be secret. This could be some pervert's secret kidde porn dungeon!" 

Rachel snickered. "Now who's being ridiculous?" 

Cindy grimaced. "I can't, Rachel. I didn't have the shoes for this before and I definitely don't now. I'm cold, wet, and cranky. 

Rachel pouted. "Can you at least wait here for a few minutes while I go have a look?" 

"Why?" Cindy sighed. "Fine. Go. I'll wait here. Just be careful!" 

Rachel bounded off in one of her trademark fits of hyperactivity while Cindy shook her head. 

Cindy leaned up angle the wall of the cave, listening the torrent outside. She'd always been calmed by the sound of falling water, but it just wasn't doing the trick here, maybe because she knew she'd have to go back out the same way she'd come in. She tried to put herself in Rachel's frame of mind - that this was a totally awesome discovery - but she just couldn't. This place was dark and wrong somehow. 

She'd left her phone back on the shore, so she had no way of gauging how much time was passing. After what had to have been 20 minutes, she called down the hallway for Rachel. No reply. 

A strange, stale breeze wafted up from the depths, oddly spicy and pungent. She backed away, accidentally stumbling into the small, demonic statue. From a distance she hadn't realized just how flimsy it was, but it easily shattered under her weight. 

She'd barely had time to curse before she felt something powerful grab at her from behind, pulling her through the wall as though it wasn't even there. It dragged her over 20 feet before roughly depositing her on the ground. 

Cindy choked on a scream, looking around wildly. Whatever had grabbed her had disappeared from sight. The room she found herself in was dark except for a strange biolumiscence coming from the fleshy floor on which she now stood. The pale green grow did little to illuminate the shadows, however. Whatever had attacked her was probably still in here. 

She did see the "break" in the wall through which she'd been dragged, however and could still hear the waterfall. 

Cindy scrambled to her feet, ignoring the disturbing nature of the floor, and made a break for the corridor. She got no more than five feet before she felt something grab her around the waist and lift her off her feet. She struggled against its grip, pushing against the arm that held her. To her horror, it felt scaly, with numerous small spiky protrusions. 

Cindy screamed as loudly as she could and screamed even louder when she saw Rachel come into view beyond the break in the wall. Her friend was looking around confused, her calling her name. 

"She can't hear you," a deep, bestial voice rumbled from behind her. "Those who built this place saw to that." Cindy screamed again anyway. 

"No, Rachel, don't leave, please, I'M IN HERE!" Cindy protested as her friend stepped out of view. 

The thing holding her smelled musky and pungent; the scent was almost making her dizzy. It again deposited her on the ground and she flipped around to view her antagonist. 

She quickly wished she hadn't. 

The creature - the thing that attacked her couldn't possibly be considered a man - stood nearly seven feet tall and was muscled like an Olympic bodybuilder. Every inch of him was covered in greenish scales and bony spikes at the joints. The creature's brutal claws looked as though they could strip the flesh off a bear. A barbed, reptilian tale swished behind it. Its face was oddly more mamalian and, although it too was scaled, it appeared to be somewhat lupine. Two large horns crowned its head, and it looked at her with burning yellow, slitted eyes. 

Cindy stared wide-eyed, afraid to move. 

"Cindy, is it?" It sniffed the air around her noisily, kneeling down in front of her. 

"I ... didn't mean to ... disturb ... your home, I just want ... to ... go. Please let me go!" 

"My home?" it snorted. It slowly grabbed her ankles, sliding her closer. 

"Please, I have money. I'll help you get whatever you want. Please!" Cindy whimpered. 

The creature's laugh was a cacophony of tormented screams. "Oh, you'll do more than help me, my little beast. You'll serve me. You'll crave me. You will be my bride." 

"I don't understand. Mmmarry? You?" 

It laughed. "No, my dear, you will be mine, mind, body and soul." 

She squirmed in his grip as he raised her bare feet to his mouth and sniffed deeply. His long, forked tongue lashed out, dancing between toes, caressing her arches. Little jolts of electricity felt like they were running down her leg to her groin. She couldn't believe how good it felt. She bit her lip to stifle a moan of pleasure. Her feet were soon glistening with his oily saliva. She made a few half-hearted attempts to kick him, but the struggle only excited him further. He lurched forward and put her toes in his mouth. She could feel his fangs slightly sliding across the tips of her toes as he sucked them. Cindy could no longer help it: she moaned loudly, hips bucking as her pussy moistened. She wiggled and spread her toes to allow him better access between them. She'd always been disgusted by the idea of a foot fetish, but this... she nearly forgot that it was a monster performing the ministrations. 

Without warning it pulled her legs apart and pulled her forward violently. She only caught a glimpse of a snakelike penis, the tip a hideous fang-filled mouth, straighten and hiss before he impaled her on it. 

Cindy screamed. The monstrous member was burning hot and she could feel it slithering, exploring her insides. 

"Now, Cindy," the monster panted, "I make you mine." 

It grinded against her slowly, the slithering motion of the dick more stimulating than any vibrator. 

"Please, please, I'm, I'm a virgin," she protested, panting heavily. 

"Not anymore." He thrust and she felt the tip bite her beneath her pelvic bone and her world went white with pleasure. 

Cindy licked her lips and drooled, eyes wild. She'd never been this aroused, this horny. The creature's massive shaft glided back and forth between her folds, kindling an intense heat within her groin. She hated herself for loving it, hated how her hips were instinctually matching his rhythm. Her moans were wanton, desperate. She wanted him inside her farther, to accommodate more of that massive shaft. 

The creature snarled and roared, startling and exciting her. When she saw the bulge working its way down his shaft, she gasped; when it exploded inside her she choked on her own breath. His spunk was both blazing hot and frigid cold and there was a lot of it. She could feel it leaking out of her even as she felt it creep deep inside her. She came instantly, but the beast wouldn't stop. The burning cold flowed to her fingertips and toes, making them tingle. 

Cindy's tongue lolled out of her mouth, farther and longer than before, longer than even seemed possible. She didn't recognize the perverse cooing sounds coming from her mouth that were both higher and lower pitched than she thought she could have made. The monster buried his shaft in her, but rather than splitting her open, it felt tight, snug, wonderful. What was happening? The beast was almost to climax again, as she could feel another bulge working it's way down his shaft. 

"Be my bride, Cindy." His growled between clenched teeth. 

"No, no, no, nooooooooooo!" She cried in her unfamiliar voice as she felt his cum shoot into her again. Her cry turned to an ear-piercing, inhuman squeal. She clenched her fingers mid-orgasm, her fingernails turning black and growing longer, sharper. The monster looked at her foot, entranced at the sight of her growing, blackening toenails. He sniffed and licked her soles again. 

She looked up at him with a wild look in her eyes. She felt incredible, alive and powerful and hungry... so hungry. The creature fucking her was changing her, violating her mind as well as her body. She raked at his scaly face with her toe claws, but it only seemed to excite him into another orgasm. This one hit even deeper than the last and she let out another unholy scream through teeth that were elongating and sharpening into fangs. When she looked at him again it was with yellow, reptilian eyes. She hissed at him, part seductively, part in rage. Her claws were longer now, more brutal and he was sucking on the one on her big toe. Cindy grinned and moaned bestially. Master was making her powerful, strong. Making her his. She loved it. No, no, no had to resist. 

"Noooooooooo!" 

Cindy groped at her face as more and more of the corrupting fluid poured into her. Her nose and mouth were pushing outward into a vaguely reptilian muzzle. Her flesh was mottling, turning green in splotches, smooth skin warping into jagged scales. The sensations were too much as the monster's power altered her mind, bringing out wicked fetishes and perverse appetites. 

Her skin was nearly covered in jagged green scales now. The creature licked at her heels as brutal spurs erupted from them. Cindy's mutating face pulsed and elongated, she blinked, seeing for the first time through a third eye. Her fangs were inches long now, forming into a brutal crossbite. She arched her back to relieve the pressure in her back as a sharp spike pushed it's way through her coccyx, a thick, whiplike tail following it. Her master shifted for more leverage, working more of his spunk into her. Cindy snarled and hissed hungrily milking his cock with her increasingly articulated pussy. She orgasmed yet again as thin, vertical fangs sprouted from her labia, biting into the tough armor of his dick. Her clit lengthened to a long, prehensile tongue that licked up her master's slime hungrily. 

"Fuck me," she growled throatily, wiggly her toes seductively. She was hungry, so hungry. Master ejaculated one final time. Two thick points pushed through her forehead, curling upward and to the sides and over and behind her head. Her hair tied itself in knots, becoming ropey tentacles. 

He withdrew 24 inches from her slowly, buckets of slime plopping noisily to the floor. 

"Who rules you?" 

Cindy was still in the throes of orgasm. 

"I said, who rules you?" 

Cindy licked her fangs, "You, Master." 

"You are now a vessel for my power. You are my first bride, the Demon of Corruption." She cooed wickedly. Yes, corruption. She could feel Master within her, polluting every cell in her body. 

"Feels good, doesn't it, my pet?" 

"So good, master. Thank you for putting your cock inside me." Cindy found she knew things, strange things. Like her Master was an ancient evil from whom the world was stolen long ago, sealed away by wicked men who wanted to deny the world's women the pleasure of his cock. She snarled just thinking about the terrible injustice of it. 

Cindy looked down at her clawed hands. When she opened her third eye, she found she was able to see the heat signatures of her body and the cave. How was any of this possible? She was a good Christian girl from a moral family. Sure, she'd maybe made a few exceptions since going to college, but a demon? How? 

Her master's snarl instinctively snapped her out of her daydream, her own mouth-cunt returning the sound, sending a mind-numbing rush of pleasure to Cindy's brain. All her thoughts were immediately pushed out of her head, replaced with horniness and hunger. 

"Master," she hissed seductively. 

Master had entered some kind of meditative trance not long after he'd corrupted her, the purpose of it not among the information he'd implanted in her head. She wasn't sure how long he had been that way as she, herself, had been lost in the euphoric aftershocks of her transformation. 

"It is as I feared," Master whispered, almost softly. Corruption listened intently. "Your flesh is not enough." 

Corruption felt panic run through her wicked body and she curled up in fear of his wrath. "Forgive me, Master!" 

This seemed to amuse Master. "No forgiveness is needed, Corruption. I'd nearly forgotten what a formidable opponent he was." 

She didn't understand what he was talking about, but she adopted a less submissive pose. She listened expectantly. 

"You broke the seal on my prison, my bride, but there is more keeping me here than a door. This place is not of your world, nor am I any longer. I cannot leave this ... prison." 

She almost pitied him, this powerful, potent creature, but pity was an emotion for weak girls, not demons. A disturbing thought crossed her mind. Was she trapped her too? 

As though telepathic, Master said, "You, however, are a creature of this world and it is through you that I will once again make myself a part of it." 

Her snatch drooled at the thought. Master needed her. "What is your bidding, Master?" 

"I haven't seen her," Joe said, unconcerned, as he took another bite of pizza. "I thought you guys were going exploring or something." 

Rachel looked down at her own untouched slice, hands on her forehead. "I'm starting to get worried." 

"You're always worried about her. She's a big girl." 

It was a running joke in her circle of friends that Cindy was her little sister, made all the "funnier" by the fact that Rachel was half a year younger. But Cindy had lived a sheltered, religious upbringing with extremely strict parents. She'd begun coming out of her shell at college - convincing her that it was okay to curse had been a victory - but she still was reserved about anything to do with dating or boys and would quickly change the subject whenever sex came up. 

"You know how she does that thing?" Joe continued, mouth half full. "That thing where she gets mad and doesn't talk to anyone for awhile and if you ask her if something's wrong, she says nothing is wrong even though there is?" 

"She hasn't done that in forever," Rachel snapped. It was true, the girl had become a lot more assertive over the last year. Joe appeared unconvinced. 

For a moment the two sat in silence in the pizzeria. Joe finally sighed and said, "Did something happen?" 

"I don't know. We found this place." 

Rachel described the cave behind the waterfall and the strange statue she and Cindy had found. When Rachel had left to explore farther into the cave, the footing had quickly become treacherous, the tunnel curving sharply downward, nearly becoming a climb at points. 

And the smell! It was everywhere. A powerful musk that left her dizzy at times. She had half-suspected to run into a bear, but there had been no tracks, offal or other signs of an animal's passing. Every instinct she had was telling her to turn back, but Rachel had long made a point of channeling her fear into motivation. She was going to find out what was down here. 

And she did. 

"Well?" Joe prodded. 

"It was, some kind of temple." 

In the dim light of her LED, the figures had cast nightmarish shadows. Where the statue by the waterfall had been vague and impressionistic, these were crafted with nearly impossible detail, frozen in frightful poses that reflected bestial rage, or perhaps pain. Each gargoyle was roughly man-sized and each a unique horror of fangs, horns, and tails. 

"Bullshit." 

"Why the fuck would I make that up?" 

"So you're telling me, that behind Butterhill waterfall there's a secret passage to an ancient temple that only you know about and there's some kind of grotesque sculpture garden inside? And only you know about it? I'm calling bullshit." 

"No," Rachel grimaced. "Not just me. Joe, I'm really worried about Cindy. There's something seriously wrong about that place." 

Joe made a clicking sound. "I'll tell her you're looking for her if I see her, OK?" 

The creature watched Rachel leave the pizzeria from the trees, her clit licking her labial fangs. 

You always got everything your way, Rachel, the monster mused, but not this time. Master chose me to be his first. One day soon Rachel would know how good it felt to give herself over to darkness, but not yet. First she had to show Master what a good bride she was, that she was a wicked, evil demoness worthy of his special favor. If she brought Rachel to him now, her friend might steal the spotlight like she always had. 

Corruption turned her head to the sound of giggling. 

Two petite college girls were returning from dinner, chatting about a friend of their's who was not present. Corruption could make out every detail of the conversation, even from this distance. 

"I always feel interrogated when she's talking to me," said the freckled brunette. "She just has to be so intense about everything." 

"She just likes to turn the conversation away from herself," said the Asian girl. "She's just shy ... what is it?" 

"Did you hear that?" 

Corruption had nearly closed the distance on them in the heartbeat, diving behind a nearby dumpster. The exhiliration she felt as her predatory instincts came alive was intoxicating. She'd never felt as powerful as she did now, hunting these girls. Her prey. 

"No, it was probaly just ..." 

Corruption couldn't stand the wait. She sprang into their midst, tackling the Asian girl hard to the ground. Her friend didn't even have time to scream before the demon backhanded her, sending her sprawling to the ground. 

Through the haze of primal urges, Cindy thought for just a moment, what the hell am I doing? These girls could have been her friends. She thought she may have had a class with one of them. She could just walk away, maybe. Then brunette girl groaned as she was beginning to pick herself up off the floor. 

The sound triggered something within her and she felt her pussy begin to stir. No, no, no, no, no! Cindy felt her lips begin to twitch, curling back to reveal her fangs, a predatory growl rumbling in her throat. 

The girl had turned to look at her attacker, eyes going wide and mouth agape. 

Corruption grabbed the back of her head and shoved her prehensile clit into the girl's mouth before she could scream. The demon explored the girl's mouth with her clit, savoring the tactile sensations of tongue and tooth. The girl coughed and gagged on the steady flow of thick cunt cream pouring into her throat as Corruption panted and groaned, aroused by both the physical sensations and the thought of violating this innocent. 
