 Her eyes flutter open to a blur of bright white light that turns to a shadowy haze as she pushes herself up onto her hands and knees. Slumping back to sit on her caves. A slight discomfort to her neck, reaching up to rub it, wanting so badly to relieve the ache, only to find a thick metal collar fastened there. Her eyes clear, giving a better look at her wrists, they too are shackled with wide, heavy bands. Loud rumbling voices, hum outside what she thinks is a dark curtain. A slight breeze moves it, letting in the glistening rays of the sun. Her eyes can't adjust between the darkness and the glimpses of the glow from the other side of the drapes.

The chain jingle with her movement as she crawls on the hard surface beneath her. Even her ankle are tethered with iron. The sound scrapes the wood, stinging her ears. Everything seems to echo in her head, causing more pain. She places her hand over the right side of her face, releasing a small groan. Slowly reaching forward and pushes her fingers through the slit to move it aside. Her hand abruptly stops when it hits a thin metal bar. A CAGE! her thoughts race in disbelief I'm in a cage! As quick as she can, she backs away from the side of the enclosure, hitting her back on the opposite side of her jail causing pain to splinter through her body.

"What's going on?" she asks out loud, her voice cracks from the dryness that has set in, making her cough. She forces herself to think, to think of the last thing she remembers. I was with Michael last night. Jane and Sue were there too! We were drinking at the new club that just opened up and we were there for the grand opening. Her brain hurt, either from too much drink or... "Was I drugged?" She shook her head no, "That can't be right!"

A stiff swooshing sound and the black curtain covering her pen, falls to one side. On instinct, she raises her hand to protect eyes from the glare of the light. Seconds pass as she blinks her sight to adjust. The blurred shapes of men or who she believes are men slowly come into focus. Instant fear, her eyes widen with the realization that these were not men, but monsters gaping at her from the other side of the bars. The one hanging on the edge of the cage was tall with a thick chest barely covered by a strand of cloth that wrapped around his shoulder down across his waist. A loin cloth covered the lower half of him, it flaps in the wind threatening to show his manhood. His large hands curl around the metal at the same time he presses his face in between the bars, smiling. His teeth bleach white sharp fangs. His eyes are as dark as his skin. His hair as red as coals on fire, when it shifted with the breeze it looked as if it blazed with the sun. Two more shorter creatures stood behind him. She opens her mouth to scream, but nothing comes out. She coughs from the strain put on her vocal cords. 

The creatures laugh, thoroughly enjoying the sight of her fear. He reaches down and gives one mighty yank on her chain around her neck. The sheer power in its hand, drags her to them. It pulls upward, dangling her like a fish out of water. Her hands wrap around the poles of her cage, pulling herself up to relieve the pressure from her throat. She cough, trying to suck air into her lungs.

"Here I thought you would be out for hours?" the monster growls, "This is better. You will sell faster if you show off your meat."

"Sell, what are you talking about." Still coughing from the brute force of being dragged across the floor. The creatures explodes into a terrifying laugh, causing her whole body to vibrate in fear. "No!" Shaking her head with her word. The beast opens its talons and lets her fall hard back to the ground. Flipping onto her hands and knees, she frantically tries to escape them. Another tug and she is flipped over, head first onto her back, doing a complete summer-slot. Unable to regain the air she lost from her lungs, she starts to panic, forcing herself to breathe. I have to get away! I have to get away! Is all that runs through her head. Jerking her right shoulder and reaching outwardly with her hand several times before she is back on her belly, commanding her hands and knees to support her again.

"Your not going anywhere, girl!" The creature chuckles. With a flick of his chin upward causing her to lose her balance once more. He drops the iron to the ground as he and the other two monsters leave her be. "She'll bring a great price today!" was the last thing she heard before passing out, flat on the wooden floor.

******

The bazaar is full of life. All manor of Demons, creatures, witches, and mythical monsters roam about buying their goods from merchants. The sounds of lively string music and cheer cover every inch of the valley holding this annual event. A dazzling array of colorful tents and booths, adorn with magnificent flags line both sides a wide pathway. Shopkeepers scream out there wears, trying to entice customers to their booths.

Outside one of these grand, massive tent, stands a servant. A very tall thin creature. He towers over the door of the canvas at least by four more feet. His arms half the length of his legs. Skin thick patches of wooden shingles. Reminding one of a walking tree. "My lord, the action is about to begin" he announces with a low rumbling sound.

"Thank you, Zuel, I'll right there." A strong male voice answers.

Inside, A very handsome man sits in a plush velvet lined chair with elegant wood carved supports. He is still in his human form. His long dark chocolate cherry hair graces his shoulders. His bangs tied back with a rich black leather band. His skin a golden tan. His smoky black eyes are soft, muted, and sultry. Glints of light reflect in them as he watches a meager fire burn in a large steel bowl. A thick line of stubble frames his firm masculine jaw, racing down to his chin. A tuft of coarse hair hangs off. Everything about him is beautiful, a true gift to look upon. His body firm and fit. A worrier's body. His breath slow and steady while deep in thought.

"My lord, please you must change. You cannot enter the market in your human form." Zuel remarks, dashing round to gather his master's robes.

"Yes, yes, I know." he grins, pulling himself up from his seat. Loud cracks and pops with sound of his skin stretching, he transforms into the true demon that he is. Generous spiraled horns arch back from his now squared forehead. His face changing slightly while his neck thickens, racing out to massive shoulders. His bare chest rippled with coarse tendons. His belly solid. The muscles of his arms and legs widen, showing his genuine size. His skin turns to a burnt reddish-orange. Still a beauty to be held. Massive leathery wings whip out, causing the flames from the fire pit to go out.

"Much better, my lord." Zuel smiles, his jagged teeth hang over his wood type leathery lower lip. His long arm reaches towards the canvas door, sliding it to one side to allow his master to leave.

"Lord Asmodeus, it is good to see you!" A wispy female announces. 

"It is good to be seen, Lady Jahi." he says as he looks over the beautiful female demon. Her form not much different from her human form. Petite and curvy with flowing long black hair that tickles the tops of her butt cheek. Her sturdy frame, her ample size breasts covered lightly with a frail slice of fabric that hides nothing. He can feel a twitch within his loin cloth and his dick reacts to the sight of her. "Maybe later we can share stories of the past?"

"I would be delighted to spend time with the famous lord of lust!" she giggles, waving him off as she steps away. Her sultry hip swaying, teasing him as she goes.

"I am more than just the lord of lust. I have other great qualities!" he calls after her. Peering over her shoulder, she gives a seductive glance. A pleasing low growl emanates from his throat.

"My lord, if you please." his servant draws his attention back to the pathway leading to the action.

******

The young woman wakes, she quickly holds her head, hoping the outside pressure will stop the pounding within. Her restraints jingle with her movement, snapping her back into her new reality. "It wasn't a nightmare!" She swiftly jumps up onto her feet and looks around her pen. Glancing down, she notices that she isn't in the pair of jeans and nice tank top she had put on to out in. Now she was wearing a sheer golden silky tube-top that covered her breast. Her tight stomach shown, revealing the belly button ring she had gotten with her friends on a dare. Draped on her hips was a broad golden band with a lengthy slit of fabric the same color as her top, covers her front and another covering her buttock with no sides, showing off her long sexy thighs. Even she is impressed with her legs. Everyday jogging to keep in shape. She shakes her head, "Snap out of it!" 

Again she surveys her surrounds. A door, there's a door, her brain screams. Sneaking over to it, hoping no one is watching her, she reaches through the bars. An old fashioned lock holds her from her escape. If you get the door open, silly, how are you going to get out chained to the cage itself? Her mind ponders the question. A spark and she riffles through her hair looking for a hair pin. Yes her thoughts gleefully shout. Spreading the pin slightly apart, she began digging into the lock's hole. Her right wrist is free in seconds, then her left, along with her ankles. Each time spying about to make sure no one could see what she was doing. Finally the collar pops off with little effort.

Leaning in close to the bars at the back of the cage, she arches her arm through, bending her elbow back so her hand can reach the lock. This one took a little more time. She snapped off one side of the hair pin, lodging it in the lock itself. Flipping to use the other side, she slowly slides it in. In the next moment she hears clink and then a clunk as the lock opens complaining with a loud shriek. Her head darts up and peers out at the things walking by. Not one of them had noticed the sound the lock made. As fast as she could and with as little noise as she could, she forces the door open. Her freedom!

She slides her body out of pen and presses herself up close to the platform under it. Brilliant red curtains line the underbelly of the small stage. Perfect! Without hesitation, she crawls under and out of sight. She lets her eyes adjust to the low light. The stage runs the length of the pathway. The curtain doesn't go all the way to the ground, she can see the feet of the creature as they walk by. This also gave her enough light to see where she needed to go. Hunched over, she scurries along out of sight from the monsters around her.

The platform finally ends and she peeks out from behind the curtain. No one is really paying any attention to the lower half of the stage. Their eyes all watch the other cages filled with other captured creatures and yes, some humans. She does a double take and see a large cloak hanging over the edge of the wooden part of the scaffold. Without thinking, she snatches it, dragging it underneath with her. Carefully she hides herself within its folds. A strange odor hits her nose. Her face twist at the smell, making her feel as if she needed to vomit. A slight peek and she quickly leaves her cover. With a fast step, she moves on the edge of the path, trying not to mingle with the creatures or get noticed, but she was noticed.

******

Lord Asmodeus strolls his way down the path. The on lookers step aside and bow to him as he passes. No waiting for people to get of his way, they do it without even thinking. Women giggle the enjoyment of watching and he smiles in delight, acknowledging them. His attention turns to the stage where he wishes to buy a few slaves for his castle. Noticing a flutter in the curtain below the wood frame. An ivory white arm reaches out, pulling a black cloak underneath. He watches in amazement, when a young human woman scurries out from beneath it.

He is enchanted by her long beautiful ivory legs that peek out of the cloak as she weaves her way on the edge of the path. What does she think she's doing? He thinks to himself.

"Zuel, please render me a few good slaves for the castle. I want to check something out." he smiles, slapping his servant on his chest.

"Yes, my lord." Zuel bows, moving on to the auction. 

Lord Asmodeus follows the woman as she darts in and out behind the booths and carefully looks about each time. She moves with such grace that he forgets himself and laughs in pure pleasure. A ruckus erupts from the far end of the stage. They have finally noticed that she was missing. He turns his head to see what was going on and returns his attention back to the woman. He knows she heard them holler that there prize was missing, but she did not run. She was steady and cool with her movements, still making sure wasn't drawing attention to herself.

"Clever girl." he whispers to himself, briskly catching to her from behind. "I am amazed you have made it this far, my dear." The sound of a man's voice halts her in her tracks.

"I assure you, I don't know what you mean, sir." her voice firm in her retort without even to look at who was behind her. A very large beast steps in front her. All she can see is the burnt reddish-orange of his skin color. Mystified by his sleek muscles of his torso, she began to reach out her hand to touch him. Suddenly realizing, she had to get away from him and the rest of the monsters. She swerves around him, continuing on her path to get away. He lets out a laugh and it freezes her in mid step. Her body trembles with fear. How am I going to get away? She asks herself in her head.

"Come with me and I'll help you get away." he says on the point of mocking her. She finally lifts her eyes and turns her head to look at the man speaking to her. He's not a man, but a demon. She quickly looks away trying to cover her fear behind the rancid smelling cloak.

"Thank you, but I will fine on my own." she responds turning herself away to leave.

"Nope that won't do. Not at all." he retorts, scooping her up and over his shoulder. She dare not scream, that would bring attention to herself and get this creature in trouble. She hangs there like a sack of potatoes, bouncing with his quick rhythm. He did take not to hurt her as he held her firmly with his arm. His shoulder was warm, she had not realized how cold she had been. She pulls her body in closer to his, trying to have more skin to skin contact. This surprises Lord Asmodeus, causing him grin even wider. I truly have a great prize in this one. He thinks to himself.

"I am not a prize for anyone!" she snaps, taking her knee and slamming into his stomach. The impact caught him off guard as he let out a puff of air from his lungs.

"Wait, you knew what I was thinking?" he asks grilling her for an answer.

"What you didn't say that out loud?" she answers with her own question.

"No, I did not. I thought it."

"Well, then you have your answer, don't you?" she snaps. Quickly biting her lip, hoping he would hurt her because of her answer. He didn't say another word or even think another word, he just carried her along to his tent.

Moving the canvas door to one side, he slipped in with still on his shoulder. Within two steps he was next to his chair and placing her gently down in it. With ease he lifted her and the chair as if they were a feather and placed her close to a large steel bowl in the center of the tent. He went straight to work on building roaring fire for her to stay warm by. As he worked, he thought, Who are you? In shock he turns his head towards the young woman, but she didn't seem to have heard his thoughts at all. The fire was set a blaze and he took her hands into his, rubbing them together as he thought, Now, isn't that better?

"Yes, thank you very much." she answers, thinking and not understanding why she wasn't afraid of the beast like she was of the others.

"Well, I'm not a beast." he gives her pleased smile. The shock of his words frightened her. "Please, I like it better when you are not afraid." She seems to settle back down. Removing his hands from hers, "So, it seems if I am touching you, you can read my mind."

"Is that the same for you, only when you touch me?"

"No, I have the gift of reading minds. My name is Lord Asmodeus!" he introduces himself, giving her a magnificent bow. 

"Lord Ass..Asmo...Asmodeu! Do you have something simpler?"

He chuckles, "Yes, please call me Blake, then."

"Blake it is, I am Sarah! I would say it's nice to meet you, but I really don't know what you are." Placing her hands out front of her to warm them by the fire.

"I am a demon." He waits to see her reaction, she gives no sign of any and he continues, "Some call me the lord of lust and others know me as the lord of destruction."

"So, which is it? Lust or destruction?" she asks keeping her eyes glued to the fire.

"Both!" His curiosity grows about the beautiful woman sitting in his chair, only a foot away from him.

"I suppose having to much lust can cause destruction." she responds trying to avoid eye contact with him as he circles around her.

"Strange, you don't seem to surprised that I am a demon?"

"I figured it all out earlier in the day. I knew that those things holding me captive weren't human, so they must be demons or something. Don't get me wrong I am scared as hell, but being scared won't keep me level headed to break free."

"I suppose that maybe true. How did you come to be in the auction?"

"That's still hazy. Thank you for letting warm up. I guess, I'll be on my way. Thanks again." she waves as she begins to leave the tent. Pulling the door aside, she runs headlong into Zuel who is making his way into the tent. His rough skin scrapes her nose causing it to bleed a little.

"Ah, Zuel did you pay them for her?"

"Yes, my lord, I received your message and paid them handsomely. She did cost a small fortune." he chuckles moving around the young woman standing in front the entrance.

"Oh, Zuel this is Sarah, Sarah this is my servant of many decades Zuel. No that we have all met, Sarah please come back by the fire." he grins placing his hand firmly on her shoulder. An instant streak of fear engulfs her, she can only follow the movement of his hand guiding her back to the soft chair.