 Rain fell lightly on the cobbled streets as streetlights flickered in the chilled night air. The creaking of a wooden sign from a nearby pub caught my attention as I flicked my coat collar upward, blocking what cold wind sprung up from the darkness. Muttering to myself about English springs I trotted towards the warm glow emitting from within the establishment. Before going in I caught the name Cock'N'Cider engraved on the wooden sign with a picture of a rooster holding a flagon of drink with one clawed foot.

When I entered I was greeted with sounds of chatter, clinking glasses, a playful fiddle, the slapping of hands on playing cards and mixture of smells of salty sweat, pipe tobacco, and alcohol. Taking an available seat at the bar I ordered a cheap grog that should warm me up this night before my drive home. Tipping the barman I settled into my drink, savoring the warmth that spread through my body as the door opened again. I turned to look as I took another drink and nearly choked on my beverage. 

There she stood in the opening, clothes clinging to her wet body (what a body it was too!) the floor length crimson dress she wore outlined her shape so perfectly. Her bosoms heaved a little as she caught her breath from running in the downpour, the the late night rain dripping and catching light from the fireplace shone like diamonds from her bustled red hair that the wind toyed and teased with while she looked for an open spot in this English tavern. 

When she walked, oh how she walked, her hips swaying from side to side and I could see how the dress cut deep at her waist, accenting it to to draw your eyes downward at the shadow between her thighs where the dress seems to fasten the tightest from the water; creating a perfect "Y" outlining the mound where I knew her snatch would be, 'Holy God she wore no panty,' I thought. I could already feel a stirring within.

The pub went silent as all eyes turned towards her, watching her pick her way carefully around the patrons to settle in near the warm fire. She sat finally at a stool nearest to the burning hearth, looking so out of place in a room full of dockworkers and definitely questionable character. This is a lady used to a more elegant and sophisticated environment, how she arrived in a place like this I didn't know, nor did I care. I was just undressing her with my eyes as the tavern keeper finally realized that he had been staring too. With an audible gulp he made his way towards her and stammered, "Miss...ahh...ahh.... welcome, yes! Welcome to my..ahh....ahh... humble establishment. What may...ah...I get for you?" She turned and ordered as he was bowing and picking up his hat from the floor, holding it in front of his crotch trying to hide a clear to see hard on.

I myself was sporting a chubby as I watched her from behind, her ass so firm on the stool created a perfect up side down heart shape with her lean slimming waist. Her dress opened in the back so far down that I could see the dim shadow of the tip of her ass crack, I could also see the toned muscles under alabaster skin, red hair coiling wet and dripping still clung to her, and the slope of her neck and shoulders erotically suggestive as a strap fell loose from them. Slipping it back into place, she turned towards the fire; The tavern keeper was bowing, scraping, and stuttering, (and adjusting himself) almost tripped as he backed up towards to bar.

When she received her drink the pub had finally broken silence with mutterings and whispers, obviously about her. A rather husky, dirty, and pocked marked man sauntered towards her, leaning over he whispered into her ear. Her eyes widened, face colored and she became visibly uncomfortable; I smiled to myself and thought 'Checkmate' as I got up and made my way over; "I'm sorry ma'am, is this man bothering you?" I asked, she nodded quickly as a look of relief washed over her face when she looked at me.

"Excuse me sir, I was talking to the lady first", growled the pockmarked man. 

"Yes and now I'm talking to her, you are obviously making her uncomfortable and I think she would rather be left alone or at least in better company," I stated confidently. I knew I was better than then the low-lives that scurried to this rat hole. I only come to shady places like this to get away from the stress of my lush life. "If you need a ride anywhere I can drive you, my car is parked just down the street," I offered. She nodded vigorously. I held out my hand and helped her up as the husky fellow started swearing at me. I smiled at the woman, heat stirring in my stomach as she she shyly lowered her eyes and a light blush spread through cheeks.

Turning quickly I launched a punch at the big guy in the jaw, which sent him reeling back and almost into the fireplace. I heard her gasp as a hush fell over the room. "You shouldn't speak like that in front of a lady," I said as I brushed my knuckles across my chest. Damn that hurt, but I wasn't about to show it. I wrapped my coat around her, led her to the door and opened it for her. "M'lady," I bowed. She giggled and we both stepped out into the rainy night and made our way to my car. 

"Thank you for rescuing me from that brute, I wouldn't know what to do if he tried anything. Normally I don't go into places like that but the rain caught me off guard. My name is Scarlet what's yours?"

I could hear an accent as she spoke and swore in my mind, not only is she hot as hell but also had a damn sexy french accent. "I'm Jim, well James Thoreux the third but people call me Jim and you're more than welcome. I don't like to see a lady in distress, but how did you end up in such a shitty part of town? Pardon my french," I grinned and looked at her. 

She laughed and said," I was at a business dinner party when some unfortunate news came up. I just left in a cab devastated and just stopped randomly without looking, walked around a bit and then it started to rain." 

'I wouldn't mind doing business with you' I thought. "Well I'm sorry to hear that, listen mind if we stop at my place for a little bit?I've got to pick up a gift for my son tomorrow and since we might be swinging past post office I could drop them off." She said no problem and I sped towards home.

There I invited her in and offered a drink,"Sure, it has been an eventful night for me and that last drink I had left much to be desired." Leading her to my study,I started a fire within my the room and told her to relax as I went into my kitchen and selected a bottle of wine and some crackers. Looking around she spotted a photograph on a corner table. "Who is this?"

"Oh that's my son James. My wife and I are divorced and he lives with her but he's still my boy" serving her a glass as she nibbled on crackers, I said "I detected a french accent so I took the liberty of opening one of my best bottles. Cabernet Franc from Bordeaux, this baby has been in my family since 1887. My great grandfather got it from Bordeaux with a few wild tales to tag along." I winked at her and she smiled coyly

"Merci becoup monsieur," she replied after a sip of wine. 

I groaned internally, what a sexy woman. I turned away to pour myself a drink and adjust myself as covertly as possible. Clearing my throat I turned back to her and asked,"So what area of France are you from?" 

She set down her glass and smiled at me, "Bordeaux, it's quite beautiful there, but only to be expected from one of the great wine making areas in Southern France." 

I laughed, "Well then you and this wine share much more in common that I thought. I have been to Bordeaux a few times on business trips, but I must say it's beauty is nothing compared to yours." 

She picked up her glass, looked into it and licked the rim; my cock aching to be free of my clothes at that point. "I share so much more in common than you think Monsieur Thereux." She downed her wine and grabbed mine, "though you must tell me some stories that your great-grandfather had, I love wine accompanied with stories Jim" she ran her delicate fingers over my thigh as she looked at me over the rim of the glass.

My throat went dry, I tried to swallow, little success. Running my hand through my damp hair, I inhaled and could smell a sharp spice from her mingling in the air with the burning firewood. My head shut down for a second as her hand brushed gently over the head of my throbbing cock. She giggled and finished my drink. 

"Just some crazy stories about being hunted by vampire, but I think it was just the drink talking. I never actually met him but I heard through my father who heard it through his, who barely knew him as well, that he died when he was quite young and was raving about being hunted by a some blood sucking demon. Insane thoughts from who knows what they had to live with back then. Actually I barely knew my father, he died young too. It's probably a genetic thing, death by wine since my forefathers were found with an open bottle of wine in the same room," I rattled out.

Pouting a little she set down the empty glass, "Well that was unfortunate. I'll be sure you won't die of drinking wine."

She leaned forward and inhaled. I could see the deep cleavage of her breasts and my mouth watered. Just half an inch lower and I'm sure her nipples would pop right out. Distracted by thoughts of her tits she locked her lips to mine and kissed me. My mind swam and I groaned, I couldn't pull away besides who am I to deny a woman of needs, needs that I too shared right now. I cupped her chin and angled my head to deepen the kiss, her mouth opened up and I shot my tongue in, playing with hers. Our tongues played tag for a while as my other hand drifted up her back, oh how smooth her skin felt, she shivered under my touch.

'God, her pussy must feel amazing ' I thought to myself as my hands wandered to her front slipping the straps off and freeing her tits from her silk dress. They bounced with erect nipples pointing at me, begging to be touched. I couldn't hold back, devouring the right breast I massaged her left and my other hand pushed her her skirt up. There I could feel the heat from her cunt. She pulled away and stood up, I stared confused. Slowly walking to the fireplace with her back to me she started to undress.I started to unbutton my shirt when she glanced over her shoulder and looked at me with smoldering grey eyes.

"Don't. Not yet. Leave your clothes on, just watch." She whispered. 

Moving as if there was some invisible music playing, she stripped from her dress in such a slow and teasing manner. Her loose straps falling from her slender shoulders she slowly turned to face me, seductively lowering the top, exposing her rack fully, dark pink nipples erect. The firelight catching her curves just right as the dress lowered more to her hips, her toned stomach flat and I watched as her thumbs hooked on the edge of her clothes and she let the rest fall away like curtains. The perfect blend of light and shadow, hiding her sweet pussy like it was a secret. I was stroking my cock through my pants, my balls already feeling full and aching a little for release. She ran her hands over her smooth skin and turned around, swinging her hips in a hypnotizing manner.

Fuck I wish I could run my cock and balls all over those lean curves. Facing the fireplace again she ran her hands over her shoulders and down her waist, my eyes followed. Then they rested on her ass cheeks, it was like looking at a perfect apricot, rounded enough to hold and take a bite out, the crack shadowed in a teasing way and dimples right above each cheek. Then she bent over and I could see the slit to her secret place that the shadows hid.

I groaned as I grabbed myself through my slacks, "Don't tease me so baby, come here and let me take bite out your sweet peach." 

She walked over and pushed me up against the back of my leather sofa, her faces inches from mine and eyes burning with lust, "My night hasn't been going well, I think for once I want something done my way" she said in a sultry voice.She stepped onto a cushion next to me and lifted leg to the back of the seat, exposing her secret right to my face. "Eat my pussy, I know you've wanted to since I walked into the bar." 

She was so smooth there. I was more than happy to oblige as heat emitted from her moist snatch as I kissed up her thigh. I kissed her lips and buried my nose into the folds getting a good deep smell before I feasted on her sweet fuck hole. She grabbed my hair and looked down on me. Flattening my tongue I started lapping at her lips, pointing it at the end of each stroke to catch her nub that was soon swelling. My dick already swollen and rock hard to match, precum oozing as I tasted this seductress' sweet nectar.

I heard her moan "Yessss... ahh... that's so good," I looked up to see her eyes closed and face in bliss, her hand massaging her beast and twisting a perky nipple. "Put that warm tongue in me." I did and moaned, the french wine had nothing on her own natural juices. At this point she was grinding on my face, her pussy becoming wetter. "Tongue fuck my pink hole," she begged. I was so excited, the way she talked was hot! So I flicked my tongue in and out of her sweet pussy as fast as I could and rubbed my nose against her swollen clit. This was a woman who loved being a lady in public and a slut in the bedroom. She panted, "That's it, fuck my little hole with your tongue."

I couldn't hold it anymore, I grabbed her hips and brought her down to the couch. She squealed in surprised; I didn't bother with buttons I just tore my shirt off, standing up I hastily took my boxers off with my pants, which was barely concealing my hard on. My cock was fully gorged, it throbbed in the air, the head thick and purple with need as my balls rested tight and ready for action.

I grabbed it and smacked her wet pussy with it, making a loud wet slap. "That's for making me wait so long after you teased me all night long with your fuckable body," I growled.

She glared and grabbed the head of my cock, " So what else are you going to do about it? Is that all you are capable of with your dick?"

I let go of myself and thrusted my hips forward, my cock shot through her hand like she was giving me a hand job. "I'm going to use you until you beg for me to stop," I said as I grabbed her hand from my cock and pulled her closer.

Catching her other arm at the wrist I pushed her down to the sofa and planted myself between her knees. She was smiling coyly, which only urged me on to dominate. I pinned her arms above her head, her tits heaving with each breath she took, and pushed my dick against her opening. I waited, I wanted her to feel just what she was getting as I pushed in slowly. I could feel her clench as I let the head slowly stretch her open and I groaned. She was so hot and wet, already her pussy pulsed in anticipation. Her mouth made a perfect "O" as my head slid in. I pulled back out and she groaned in frustration. I slid a little more in her and pulled out quickly when her legs wrapped around me. I was going to control this. 

She shook her head and growled, "Give it to me. Fuck my cunt." I thrusted in one swift motion and held it there. "Aaahhhhh.....yessss...mmmm..." she moaned. 

Fuck she was hot inside. I lifted one of her legs over my shoulder for deeper penetration and pushed, "Mmmmmm God you feel so good," I moaned. 

Her eyes catching the firelight seem to burn into me as she said that magic words. "Fuck me."

I grabbed her by the knees and spread her legs, "Open for me you slut and take all of my cock." Her cunt now exposed and vulnerable to the onslaught of my cock. I thrusted in and out, in and out, making her moan and growl in pleasure. My own sex noises mixing with hers. Her tits bounced and I grabbed them squeezing hard making them turn red.

"Fuck you're so thick. I love how thick you are," she groaned. 

"You're just so tight. You like how I stretch you open don't you?" She could only moan in response. I pulled out and told her to suck me, her attitude changed and she became like a kitten. 

"Mmmmm, yes sir" I felt empowered as she got on her hands and knees and used just her mouth as she sucked me in right down to the base. I groaned feeling her warm mouth tight around me. Her tongue was circling around as she pulled me out with a loud pop. Saliva trailing from my head to her lips, she licked is up and stroked me with her tongue.

She sucked my swollen head and flicked her tongue against it at the same time. "Ugggh.....oh fuck yes suck my balls too baby," she took one in her mouth, then the other. God I felt like letting loose right there, but not yet. I held her hair and fucked her sweet french mouth, "You're just a slut aren't you?" I asked."You wanted to be dirty, that's why you were at the bar isn't it? You're just a whore. Say it. Tell me you're just a dirty whore." I slapped her face with my cock.

She whined, "Yes. I'm just a dirty whore who wants to be fucked and used." 

I popped my cock back in her mouth. "I thought so, suck my cock you filthy slut and I'll decide if I want to use you." 

I had her there on all fours, this time positioning myself behind her. I could see her pussy drip and I wiped my saliva soaked cock around her asshole. "Mmmmm oh yes baby, I'm definitely going to use you." I pressed the head of my cock against her ass and pushed in, grabbing tight on her hips as she squirmed and whined. "Now, now, where do you think you're going? I've just started."

She whimpered, "Please give it to me."

"Oh I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you right now!" I shoved all the way on "now" and she almost screamed. Jesus she was tight. I slowly fucked her ass, her tits swaying at each thrust as she panted like a dog in heat. Speeding up when I got a good rhythm going my balls were slapping off her clit and I spanked her cheeks.

She moaned loud on each thrust, "Oh yessss..... please... don't stop. Fuck me. Fuck me hard." I was about to explode, but I needed her to cum first. 

So I pulled out and she growled in frustration. I slapped her pussy and she yelped. "Be good as I use you, whore. Spread those legs father apart for me." She spread her knees, her pussy lips plump and sensitive like guardians on each side of her slit. I licked her cunt, and stuck my tongue inside, she moaned. I spread her lips more and got her throbbing clit fully exposed, it dark red and pulsing with need. Curling my lips around it I essentially started giving her clit head as I slipped a finger in her soaked pussy. She gasped and tried pulling away, I grabbed and held her hips in place as I flicked my tongue on her clit, adding another two fingers in.

"Mmmmm....please, please use my cunt. Finger fuck my wet pink hole," she begged. 

God she was so ready, wet noises were coming from her pussy as I put four fingers in her, and thought 'what the hell why not' and slipped my hole hand in her fuck hole. Her body vibrated as I fisted her pussy, her asshole winking at me and I decided to play with that too. Pointing my tongue I buried it into her ass while my hand worked her pussy. My cock was ready to explode, I needed release fast. Pulling my hand out, her pussy gaped at me and I shoved me cock in the wide hole. "Take it you slut. I know you want this!" I growled. 

"Yes....ahhhh God yes, give me your cock. Feed my pussy that hard dick." I pumped in and out of her like a piston, needing to blow my load. "Fuck it. Fuck it. Take my pussy!" she yelled.

I groaned as I felt my cock twitch and then sudden release, "FUUUUUCK!" I yelled as I blew my hot load into her fist fucked pussy. I dug my fingers into her ass and grunted as I pumped a few more time to empty myself. 

"Uggghhh.... yessssss. I love feeling that hot cum in me," She moaned. I felt like collapsing, but I had to do just one more thing.

I took the empty wine glass and caught my cum dripping from her pussy and held it to her. "Drink, you nasty slut." She took it and licked the rim then leaned in to kiss my neck and before I knew it, sharp burning pain seared through my veins.
