 I don't know what made me turn around, some small sound behind me, a soft foot fall, a rock rolling, I wasn't sure, but I knew I had to look and knew also I didn't want to.

The clearing was brightly lit with the light of the full moon, casting everything in silvery shades of grays and blacks, bright enough so that I didn't need my light. I always loved walking outside when the moon was full; it was as if I was in a different world.

I turned, slowly, a sense trepiditous fear flowing through me as I saw the large, imposing figure standing there, in the tree lined edge of the clearing. I was half way across and wondered if I could make it into the woods before it was on top of me. 

It raised its head and I could see a large snout as it scent the air, teeth gleaming white as it's large jaws part, long tongue flicking across the upper lip, liking what it was smelling. It was tall, over six feet with broad shoulders and I could see it was covered in a carpet of black, moon-kissed fur as it lowered it's massive head, taking a step into the glade towards me.

I was frozen in place, my heart pounding in my ears. It took another step towards me and I could see it was female with high, full, fur-covered breasts. Something gold glint on one nipple, a heavy ring of some sort pierced it. A thrill of something went through me and I realized it was almost that of desire, but the fear over rode it and I took a step back.

I glanced over my shoulder to see how far the tree line was, which was a mistake because a low growl jerked my head back around the beast was half-way to me, hips swaying on it's crooked legs. There was a loin cloth of some sort swathing her hips, black with silver embroidery. Heavy gold cuffs circled thick wrists and she had the largest hands I had ever seen.

"Hello beautiful," it spoke, it's voice was rough and husky, slightly different sounding, coming from her muzzle. Her golden eyes caught mine and I could not tear my gaze away from it's hypnotic depths. "I wondered what tasty treat I would find by following your scent," she raised her head again, breathing deep, scenting. "Mmmm, such a delicious smell." the she-wolf threw back it's head and let out a primal animal roar, before lowering it's head again. "Run beautiful, run!"

That thrill shivered along my nerves, goose bumps rising as I grew wet, but everything was quickly over-powered by my instinct of self-survival. My body was moving of it's own accord, before the thought to command it to do so, as I spun and started for the woods. 

I do not know what thought ever formed that made me think I had any chance of escaping. I hadn't gone more than three steps when she slammed into my back, rolling us across the grass covered ground, her thick arms wrapped around my waist, hugged me to that broad expanse of chest, pressing me back against her full breasts as we came to a stop, me on the bottom, face pressed into the earth.

I struggled furiously, twisting and turning as she lay on top of me. I was breathing hard, the breath had been knocked out of me as I struggled and her animal scent, that musk of fur and wolf and her, wrapped itself around us, my fear was complete. I knew I was going to die, knew it at the very center of my being, that this she-wolf was going to kill me.

Teeth fastened onto the flesh of my shoulder, gripping tight and I let out a scream, more fear of dying than pain. The she-wolf used a knee to separate my legs, pushing them wide as she settled between them, hips cradled against my ass, pressing close and her body was hot, much hotter than mine. 

The she-wolf reared back, off me and I screamed again as claws easily rend the clothe of my clothes, shredding it to strip them from me. The t-shirt came off easily, the thin material no match for her claws, but with my jeans, she literally ripped them down the back and jerked them down my legs, tossing them aside with the negligent flick of a wrist.

I scrambled to my knees and tried to crawl away, unaware of the tears running down my cheeks, and scared shitless. "Where are you going beautiful?" was her rough chuckle as a large hand wrapped itself around an ankle and pulled me back. I tried to stop myself, digging my fingers into the soft earth, dragging up chunks of ground and grass, but she was too strong. 

Her other hand gripped my other ankle and pulled my legs apart, opening me wide as she lift my legs and waist up off the ground as if I weighed nothing. She spread my legs wider with her long arms and I felt her hot breath brush against my exposed pussy. "Mmmmm, you smell so good, beautiful," she growled deeply. "I want a taste before I start." 

My cries of protest fell on deaf ears as I tried to kick my legs, but the position was awkward and I stiffened at the first tentative touch of her tongue on me. When it stroked along my cunt I shuddered, the pleasure of the touch warring with the extreme fear roaring through my body, telling me to get away, get away! But I could not.

My relief was great when she lowered me back to the ground, but it was short-lived. Fur brushed along my back, as a hand fist itself in my long hair, yanking me back, raising me up off the ground as that muzzle was pressed near my ear. As with the rest of her, her breath was hot and carnal as her tongue licked my cheek. "I'm going to fuck you, beautiful," the she-wolf whispered as her other hand stroked along my back, claws scraping ever so lightly, a promise of what was to come. "I'm going to fuck you and it would be to your benefit if you do not fight me." she chuckled, a wicked, wanton sound that ran the length of my body, making me shiver. "I wouldn't want to hurt you more than I have to," she raked the claws harder down my back, pricking my ass sharply. "More than I'm going to."

Her words were a promise of what was to come and they rang like echoes of bells in my head, warning bells. "Please," I whispered, barely able to speak as the fear crawled through me, not sure if it was a plea or a request.

"I intend to, beautiful. Please myself on your luscious body," her teeth nipped my ear sharply, catching it and pulling almost painfully. "In every way I can think of."

I jerked my head to the side, to get away from those dangerous teeth and cried out as my ear lobe pulled free and knew she had broken the skin. Such a little thing, nothing I hadn't experienced before with other lovers and liked, scared me to no end, because I wanted it. Because it excited me.

Some of the fear of self-preservation was fading, if I was not going to die, well, what didn't kill you, made you stronger, but I had seen those claws and felt how they dealt with my clothes and knew she could kill me by accident, with out a thought. On a whim.

She let go of my hair with a thrust, and that long tongue licked the back of my neck and across my shoulders. "I can taste the fear on your skin, beautiful," she whispered as she pulled back, raking the nails of both hands down my sides, harder than before, leaving red trails until they came to my hips, which she grasp tightly, lifting me to my knees. My face was still pressed to the ground and I shut my eyes, as if closing them would make it all stop.

While still gripping my hips, she used long thumbs to pull my cheeks apart, exposing the valley between them and the area they guard. Her tongue started at my cunt and moved upwards with the slow deliberation of her enjoyment, breath hot against that sensitive skin, hesitating only when she came to my ass hole, pushing against it and I started to push myself upwards with an abrupt cry of surprise.

"Down, girl," the she-wolf growled, raising her head, hands clenching in warning, nails piercing the skin of my hips. I can do nothing but what I was told and laid my face against the rough grass, inhaling deeply of the earthy scent, though the other, darker smell still filled my nostrils, singing along my senses. A sharp nail began pressing against my ass hole and I sucked in a shuddering breath, knowing I had to relax myself or be torn open. Slowly the long, thick finger pressed in, working it's way into me, going deeper than any finger ever had. 

I sucked my breath in sharply, senses reeling from the sensation of the finger going into me. "What are you doing to me?!" I cried out in alarm, my voice vibrating with the pleasure mixed with the dread of being cut with her claw. I have never been both this scared and aroused in my life. My mouth was dry and I was finding it hard to form the words to talk.

I could smell her breath as it washed over me as she continued to penetrate me with that invading finger and I unconsciously pressed myself backwards, tremors of wanton desire were threatening to over-come me, leaving the fear of dying only distant embers in my mind. It took long moments for me to become aware of the sensation of the she-wolf sliding the finger back, out of me, and the relief was about to break over me, at last, I was thinking, only to cry out as she thrust it back in, hard, driving deep.

"Where are you going, beautiful," her voice rasp over me, mocking, as I was trying to pull myself off that thrusting digit. Her free arm curled around my thighs, catching me, as her hand found my cunt, sliding her fingers into it, claws pricking my inner lips as a finger found my clit, hooking it, as she ran her tongue across the small of my back.

She shift the arm around my thighs and the next thing I knew was a second finger sliding into my cunt, seeking the center of my being and there was no more resistance in me. I felt myself clench around her fingers with both openings, accepting what was happening with out any more reluctance.

I had to consciously relax my body again and it was hard because I wanted to hold them in me, savoring the full feeling of her fingers inside my body, poking and probing, the awareness of the situation adding it's own flavor to my body's responses to her touch.

"Yes!" she growled as if sensing the acceptance in me and I screamed as she sank her teeth into the flesh of my ass cheek, the sudden pain and shock only heightening the pleasure of her fingers working in me, plunging deep into my hidden depths. I knew the bite drew blood and didn't care as she fucked me with her fingers. The stab of a claw against my cervix caused ripples of ecstasy to course though my body and I pressed back harder, riding her hands. If I was going to die today, if this was going to be my last fuck, then I wanted to go out screaming in pleasure.

The she-wolf was brutal, shoving into me hard, but I ground back against the fingers and when she went to pull out of my ass, there was a sucking sound that drew a moan of pleasure from my gaping mouth. My severely stretched ass hole remained slightly open and she entered me with that long, thick tongue. One of the fingers on the hand buried in my cunt found my clit, stroking it and she had me crying out and growling like a she-bitch in heat.

I raised myself up on my hands, tears of pleasure flowing down my cheeks as the wet, liquid lust ran down my legs. I couldn't believe how easily she was entering me, but it was everything I had ever dreamed of, sensation after sensation riding my body at her command.

My head dropped and I could see along the length of my body, at my hard, swollen nipples and the wetness coating the fur of her thighs as they were pressed against me, and I spread my legs further for her hand to enter me. I convulsed as a bolt of pure lust and desire tore through me, twisting my body as it danced on her hands and tongue.

I brought my hand to my mouth and bit down on the flesh between thumb and fingers, in a futile effort to still the wanton sounds coming from my throat as she fucked me and I let her. I ground back, harder and harder, my pain and pleasure a prefect blend of emotions and I nearly came when she thrust a second finger into my cunt.

My boundaries, what I wanted, needed from her had no limits and would have meant nothing to her, had she stopped to consider them. I was totally at her mercy and was so lust crazed that I no longer possessed a sense of self-preservation.

The she-wolf let out a deep, rumbling growl as her tongue slid out. "You are mine," was her satisfied tone, said in that mix of human and beastly speech. "Get used to it."

My reply was to bring one of my tits to my mouth and hungrily suck my taut nipple, tugging at it with teeth and tongue. Her finger jabbed my clit and I could not hold back a scream, breast forgotten in the sensation.

This time, she slid two fingers into my ass and I arched upwards as if I could fly. My howls joined the night chorus that surround us, as if nature was listening and enjoying my ravishment. 

On and on she went, with savage determination and enjoyment. Her fucking made me gasp for air as if I were in a marathon, racing towards the ultimate goal of pleasure, stunning my senses.

Between one moment and the next, I was cumming, a continuing loop of pleasure that had no beginning and no end, rolling over me, crashing on my womanly shores. My juices were running down my quivering thighs as she joined her tongue to the fingers in my cunt, while the ones in my ass were rasping that sensitive flesh.

And still the she-wolf showed me no mercy, taking me beyond the heights I had reached, further than ever I had gone earlier. And I felt empowered, in control, for I was her sole focus and the ultimate object of her desire. I threw back my head as I cried my pleasure to the night, before biting down hard on my lower lip. I could feel my asshole was rapidly clenching and unclenching, as if to grasp her fingers and keep them embed in me, while at the same time, being wide open to her touch. It was like I had two cunts and she was using them both to satisfy herself.

Over and over, my orgasms came, riding me hard and in that instant I knew we were one, both of us beasts to our passions. Nerve ending were firing so fast that my cumming took me out of the here and now, beyond time and place to that ethereal plane of elemental existence, where the only feeling was that of being. At last, exhausted, I crumbled to the grass covered ground, fingers digging into the soft earth, and still I was cumming and cumming and cumming.

I did not know if I would ever feel anything again, but the she-wolf only chuckled and rolled me to my stomach. Before I could think to form a question, she sank her teeth deep into my other, unmarked cheek. I no longer had the capacity to make any sounds and my scream was silence fulfilled as I thrashed under her teeth's grip on my ass.

It was all too much for me to take in, to feel any more, and consciousness left my body, the world around me slowly fading to blackness as a I succumbed to it's dark embrace. 

When I awoke, dawn was barely breaking, the first rays of light seeking entrance into the forest glade in which I lay. I moaned softly as I stirred, sitting up slowly, wincing at the muscles that protest the movement. I scrubbed a hand over my face, rubbing off dry saliva from my chin and wondered if the whole thing had been a dream.

A quick look down and I flushed dark red in embarrassment, seeing I was still quite naked and glanced over to where my shredded clothing lay and horror filled me as I began to shake and wrapped my arms around my stomach as I slowly rocked myself back and forth.

"It couldn't have happened," I whispered to myself, a note of rising hysteria ringing in my voice. "She couldn't have been real. Were-wolves don't exist!"

A soft, throaty chuckle sounded next to me and I whipped my head around, starring in horror at a woman lying naked on a spread cloak near me and watched as she stretched sensuously.

I felt that chuckle echo through my body, the deep tone well-remembered as she rose to her knees, stretching her arms above her head as if to greet the sun as it rose.

Her skin was ebony-hued, rippling with muscles as she moved, movements graceful, amber-colored eyes watching me as she ran a tongue across her lower dusky colored lip. The smile was mocking and full of promise as she watched me, bringing her arms down and running her hands across her chest, over full, taut breasts, fingers finding the heavy gold ring and toying with it, before sliding down, across a flat, six-pack stomach and down her thighs with obvious pleasure.

"Oh, it happened alright beautiful," she whispered softly, smiling at me, eyes narrowing with speculation as she ran them over me, liking what she saw.

My eyes were drawn to her hands, unable to look away as she slowly ran them back up and her fingers caressed the healed lines of a row of claw-mark, identical to the ones my hand went involuntarily to on my stomach. What had been deep gashes were now healed ridges and I leaned forward with a loud moan, mind whirling, unable to grasp the implications of the situation before me.

I didn't see her lean forward, onto all fours and crawl over to me, but I jumped, trying to lunge forward as a hot tongue stroked across my back, from hip to shoulder. I was jerked up short as a hand fist itself in my hair and pulled me back, to a sitting position and her lips pressed against my ear, tongue flicking the scabbed ear lobe slowly.

"Yes, it did beautiful, I assure you. You are one of us now." her voice was low and hot against my ear and I shuddered as her words echoed hollowly in my turmoil-laden mind. Foreboding warring with the sudden desire her closeness was stirring in me and I could still smell the musky scent of her skin and the sharp tang of her sex as she was growing wet with a surprising strength that shocked me, making me wetter. "You are Mine." she whispered against my ear, her words were of promises to come and the many pleasures she was going to have with me.

Despite the pain, I jerked my head from her grasp and did mange to lunge forward, away from her with a leap of sudden strength, rolling to my feet and bolting towards the forest edge.

I stopped when I reached it, half-turning to look back, deathly afraid she was coming after me, only to see her standing in the sun light, skin burnished dark by the sun, hands on hips, still garbed by the loin cloth, watching me with a knowing smile. 

"You'll be back." the words were whispered softly, but I heard them in my head, rather than with my ears, causing me to turn and bolt into the concealing foliage. "You'll be back, you are Mine now and forever."

"Never!" I screamed in defiance as I ran, fleet of foot and sure in my step, as if the vegetation got itself out of my way. I zigged and zagged my way out as if I knew a path that opened before me with out stopping, my only thought was to escape and vowing to never return to this cursed place again.

It was not long before the significance of the MARKS became known to me. 

For days after, I was bewildered by the intense vitality of all that I experienced. Food tasted better, colors were richer, and the light of the sun seemed almost blinding. I felt as though I could wrestle the sturdiest ox and outdistance the fastest stallion. I had never felt so exhilarated in all my life.

"You'll be back." echoed constantly in my mind. It is always followed by that husky laughter. I wake up at night, covered in sweat, still feeling those hands on and in my body, cumming with out thought.

My rejuvenation, however, was not to last! My strength began to fade and the euphoria of my new condition was soon replaced by a deep, gnawing hunger. As darkness fell and black clouds shrouded both the moon and stars, it was an all-consuming hunger that would not be quenched by any other means than one. I resisted it, fought it with tooth and nail, refusing to give into the blood-lust that seemed to swamp my mind of late.

I had taken to wandering the streets at night. My vision was perfect when the street lamps were few and far between and a myriad of intoxicating odors and scents assaulted my heightened sense of smell, teasing and taunting me to search them out and inhale their aromas.
