 Sarah knew at the very moment when he placed his hand on her shoulder, her life was over and her mind went blank. She let him guide her back to the soft, plush chair, because she had no more strength to give. She was so close to her freedom. She damned herself for getting cocky and hanging around this demon too long. She tucks her knees up to her chin, wrapping the smelly cloak around herself, hoping for a second, just one second that she could hide. All she wants to do is cry, but she can't cry, not in front someone, anyone. Allowing herself to show weakness. NEVER! She thought, her head vibrating with the word.

"Never, what, Sarah?" Lord Asmodeus inquires with a gentle smile, well as gently as he could look in his demon form. Her head snaps up and he could see her eyes were a little red and becoming puffy. "What's wrong?" She shook her head, placing it back onto her knees. "Zuel, can you bring one of my cloaks? The one she is wearing smells, she doesn't need to have that."

"Yes, my lord." Zuel bows. Moments later, he returns holding an elegant fur lined cloak. Brightly colored with golds, reds and hint of green.

"Sarah, please stand?" Lord Asmodeus asks. She raises her eyes to his. The overwhelming sadness that lies within her soul, even saddens Lord Asmodeus' heart. She hesitates for a few seconds, but ultimately does as she is told. Her head hangs low, dropping the other cloak to the floor at her feet. This is the first time Lord Asmodeus had seen her body. The golden silk garments laced with green jewels accented her frame very nicely. The way her ivory skin almost glowed, her womanly curves. Her breasts not overwhelming her frame. Her tight ass leading down long shapely thighs and caves. He smirks with delight at what he sees in front of him.

The longer he stares at her, the more she becomes nervous. She didn't know what to do with her hands. First placing them over her stomach and then at her sides, back to cover her mid-drift. The whole time not making eye contact with him. She had been here before, she knew what this felt like. She had spent ten years with a man to treated her in the same way.

With a quick flick of his wrists, he places the warmer cloak around her shoulders, fastening it at the collar. The lightly tan and gray fur looks even more beautiful next to her alabaster skin. She instantly gathers it up around her and places herself back onto the chair, in the same position as before. Her mind drawing a blank once again.

"Zuel, I wish to send her on ahead of us. Have one of the succubus slaves care for her. She needs to bathe and suspect that she may even be hungry. Who knows how long those brutes had her caged."

"Through the gate then?" Zuel asks.

"Yes, she'll need the charm. Please get one."

"Yes, my lord." he bows, leaving the two of them.

Sarah gathers the tuft of fur around her neck, pulling it in closer to her nose. A manly musky scent sweeps over her senses. It is pleasant and calming. If only for a brief moment, she felt safe. She knew this scent, it was the same when he carried her to this tent. 

"Here you are, my lord." Zuel announces, handing him a small wooden box with leaflets carved on every panel. 

"Sarah." Lord Asmodeus calls out her name softly, waiting for her response, "Sarah." 

Sheepishly she finally turns her glazed eyes to his. "Yes," she whisper.

"May I have your right ankle?" he motions for her foot. Without even thinking, she pushes it out towards him. Her whole body numb and on automatic response, but she did not look at him anymore. Kneeling on one knee, he places her foot steady on his other. She can feel radiating heat coming from his thigh on her bare foot. A wooden pop and the top of the tiny box is opened. A delicate golden chain with little charm designs dangling from its links. He gently picks up the fragile jewelery in his hand. It seems to come alive, driving points into his thick skin. It tries two more times before it can draw blood. Thirsty, it sucks the small offering into it, giving it a faint greenish glow.

Having a mind of its own, it shoots from his hand to Sarah's ankle. Like a snake, it wraps itself around, driving sharp points into her skin, sucking in her blood, causing her to flinch from the sudden needle penetrating her flesh. The tears she so desperately tried to hold back, began to flow. She shoves her face deeper into the fur, hiding her emotions. 

Lord Asmodeus starts having the overwhelming need to comfort her. He reaches out to pat her head, sending some of his power through his hand. If she feels some lust, she won't feel the sadness, he thought. He never has the chance to touch her, inches way from her a shock of electricity stabs him in his palm. Quiet painful, her jerks back, taking a look at it. A streak of burnt flesh in the shape of a lightning bolt. He cannot believe what he is seeing. He tries one more time to touch her and again another much stronger shock hits him.

"What was that, my lord?" Zuel chocks out in surprise, suddenly standing at the ready to attack, to protect his master. "My lord, I must insist that I put her with the other slaves! She belongs in a cage, not in your tent or your castle!" Lord Asmodeus puts his hand out, telling his servant to stand down as he continues to look over the young woman sitting silently in his chair.

"Sarah, Sarah?" his voice booms into her head.

"Yes!" she answers meekly with confusion written on her face, "What is it? Is something wrong?"

"No, my dear, I wanted you get ready to leave. I am taking you to my castle." he smiles, standing back up. He towers over her by at least five more feet than her meager five foot nine frame, making her feel really small, like a bug he could squash at any moment. "No, I will not harm you. Please follow Zuel. You'll will go on ahead. I have a servant waiting to attend you when you arrive. What ever you wish, please ask and she will get it for you."

"Okay," she says, leaving the comfort of the chair.

"But, my lord!" Zuel protests.

"Do as I command, Zuel!" he roars. Without hesitation Zuel bows, leading Sarah from the tent. His manor calms, "Sarah, please cover your head. Humans aren't allowed to walk around without chains here." She nods and does as he asks, hiding her features under the hood of the cloak.

******

The market still bustles with chatter and cheer. The sun begins to set behind the mountains of the valley. Creatures stumble around drunk and high unnatural goods. Some were even having sex in the middle of the walkway. Sarah didn't pay much mind. She follows close behind Zuel. Which is hard. His stride long. She has run just to keep up. He suddenly stops causing her once again to smack into his rough skin. He shoots her a glare, making her step back and drop her head so she wouldn't look him in the eye.

A marvelous silver archway with what looks like water in its center. The liquid seems to sluggishly move. Tiny ripples of silver and blue, mixing with white. Sarah's eyes widen with amazement.

"What is that?" she asks in no more than a whisper.

"That is the gate. The gate will take us to Lord Asmodeus' castle." Zuel begrudgingly answers.

"Will it hurt?"

"No, but in your case I wish it did." he says as he starts to tap on the solid silver frame.

"Why?"

He does not answer her, he continues to tap his boney finger along the metal frame. Each tap causing a ripple of color to shoot across the water inside. He steps back for a moment, taking her arm in his hand. Instantly he lets go, looking any injuries to his hand. No scorch marks, no electrical discharge. He takes her arm with more force, hurting her.

"Your hurting me!" she screams out in pain, "Please let me go!" Not hearing her pleas, he drags her into the gate.

******

Lord Asmodeus takes a seat in his chair. The warmth of Sarah's body is still there. His skin soaks it in, remembering her curves. He pulls his hand up in front of him and with the other he traces the burn marks left there, by her or by something. He hadn't realized that he was hard. His manhood pulses and twitches in the confines of his loin cloth. With each trace of the scorch marks, his cock grew. 

"My lord?" a sultry female voice calls from outside the tent.

"Enter."

Stepping through the canvas door, Lady Jahi. Her dress even more revealing than before, "I have come to discus past stories with you, my lord." she whispers, gracefully placing her hand on his shoulder. His cock twitches.

"I see. What if I am not in the mood for stories, Lady Jahi?"

"Then please tell what you are in the mood for, my lord?" she grins, noticing the bulge in his pants. No words, he snatches her, flipping her onto his lap, thrusting up with his hips at the same time her crotch lands. He cups her ample breasts in both of his hands, leaning forward, his mouth latches onto her bosom. Her head arches back with instant pleasure, she moans.

With his teeth, he rips off her top, exposing her black skin and her pinkish nipples. A low gratifying growls vibrates through his throat. The sound of his pleasure shoots an orgasm through her sex. She opens her mouth to a silent scream. Her body jerks with the thrust of his hard dick to her wet pussy. With one hand, he shreds her skirt from her hips.

"Give me your cock, my lord!" Lady Jahi demands, gripping onto his shoulders, breaking his flesh.

"As you wish!" he growls, "But you'll have to free it from its confines!"

Like a wild animal, she reaches down, pulling a tugging on his loin cloth. Her efforts were rewarded, when his long thick cock was free. Her hand gently caresses his mushroom tip, spreading the per-cum leaking out from its tip. She begins to stroke him. Even with both her hands, she did not seize the whole thing. Her bottom hand was at least five inches from its base. Her fingers were hard pressed to wrap completely around.

With a firm grip on her waist, he lifts her high above him. The head of his dick flinches, tickling her swollen clit. Tiny moans and squeal leave her lip in anticipation. Using her pussy to line himself up, ramming her downward to the hilt. She screams out in ecstasy, her body quivering from another powerful orgasm. Before she can even finish, he rapidly thrusts himself in and out of her dripping cunt. Violently smashing himself up as he brings her down. Her eyes roll back with the pain and pleasure this causes her. His sheer size tearing her apart her insides. Her frame shudders with tiny climaxes with each point of his dick bottoming out on her womb. His began to quiver under her and he forces another jolt into her, releasing his cum. Filling her completely.

With middle shove, she lands on the ground, her body wrecked with continuing orgasms. He watches for a moment, getting up, he steps over her. Though not fully satisfied. He didn't want this woman. He wanted something, no someone else. His mind, body and soul demands it.

"That was quick, my lord." Lady Jahi mocks, pulling herself slightly together.

"Leave!" he commands with a gnarl to his tone. His power beginning to wax as his voice sends shock-waves of terror through her soul. Stumbling over her own feet to get away as fast as she can, she rips her way out of the tent. He understood that's how she always plays with him, mocking him in some way or another. It was quick, he thought to himself and that's not like him.

"I see things didn't go well with Lady Jahi." Zuel comments suddenly standing behind his master.

"No, I guess they didn't. How is our new guest?" Lard Asmodeus inquires, wrapping his naked body with light luxurious robe, partly tying it in the front.

"I left her in the capable hands of Athena. She will see to the young woman's needs." Zuel answers while starting to pack his master's things.

"Good. A fresh bath and a hot meal would do her wonders." he grins while picturing her steeped in a milky bath with delicate flowers floating around her beautiful body. His frame shivers with the vision.

"Yes, my lord. I must protest to this, sire! I believe there is something deadly wrong with that woman and you might be in some sort of danger because of her!" Zuel firmly states at the same time hoping he did not over step is bounds.

"Dually noted. I intend to keep her as long as she can entertain me and not moment longer." Lord Asmodeus retorts his servants concerns. 

******

Sarah quietly walks behind the succubus, Athena, Zuel left her with. Her head still low, trying not to bring attention to herself from the others passing them by.

"Athena, what have we here?" A female giggles from behind them. 

Athena turns, slightly looking over her shoulder, "The master has new pet. I am to see to her needs, Cordia. Not that you need to know." Athena playfully announces to her friend. Sarah peeks from the corner of her hood, another female demon, not as pretty as Athena, but nice in her own right.

"Why are you looking at me, human?" Cordia scolds, stepping past Athena.

Sarah can feel anger emanating from the demon. Her body shakes in fear of what might be coming. She lowers her eyes, making sure not to make any eye contact. She starts to feel something pulsating from the creature, it pushes her backwards until her back hits the stone wall and she can go no further.

"Cordia, this is the master's new pet. If you break her, he surely won't be kind."

"It makes no difference. He'll be bored with her soon enough and he's not here right now. I want to have a little fun first." Cordia pouts. 

"Don't say I didn't warn you. Zuel gave the commands that our lord wishes of us and she is not to be harmed in any way. Not played with, nothing. At first I did think he was joking, until I saw the look in his eye. So, you need to back off and leave her to me." Athena calmly explains, but knowing Cordia will not listen to her.

"I won't tell if you won't, right slave?" Cordia challenges Sarah. She couldn't do anything, what could she do against a demon. She had no power. She only made up her mind not to be bullied by anyone ever again in her life, but this, this was never thought up in her feeble little mind. She had no chance at fighting or even winning against demons. Sarah closes her eyes, waiting for the impact and the pain that would follow, she knew it all too well in her life time. Just like back then and now there is no one to protect her. She was all alone in this new and strange world.

"I want to go home!" Sarah whimpers, screwing her eyes tighter.

"This is your home!" Cordia whispers into Sarah's ear. The demon's hot breath spread through her ear and down her neck. More fear grips her. It's coming she thought, I'm dead! Her brain screams at her.

Nothing came. She dare not open her eyes, she did not want to see it coming. Cordia backs away, taken back by what she was seeing. Small electrical charges, snap and explode around the frightened young woman as if forming a barrier around her.

"What is that?" Cordia asks turning her eyes to her companion. Who shook her head no in as much surprise as is written on Cordia's face. She turns her attention onto Sarah. Seeing her body still tremble in fear of her. Cordia slowly reaches her hand out to touch the electrical waves now completely surrounding Sarah's frame. Instant pain, the field burns her skin.

"What the hell!" she shouts abruptly pulling her hand away. "Why you little bitch!" Cordia balls her fist ready to strike.

"Cordia don't!" Athena screams, but is too late, her friends fist smashes into the shield. A burst of flames, Cordia's hand, arm and now shoulder are on fire. Her tortured screams of agony echo the castle's corridors. Anger flares and Cordia attacks again and again. The flames continue to spread with each new advance on Sarah.

Sarah opens her eyes to see Cordia's figure engulfed in a consuming flame. Her vision blurs, her head spins. She finally collapse onto the cobblestone floor. The look of utter terror rushes Cordia's face. She turns to her friend for help, but there is none to be given. She falls to the ground in a pile of smoldering ashes. Athena not knowing what to do, did the only thing she could, she ran from the scene.

A while later, Sarah wakes from her fainting spell. Black feathery ashes fly around as she moves to sit up. Her mind blank, not remembering where she was or why she was there. Pulling the cloak around herself, she receives another dose of his musky scent. "Blake!" she mutters, her low voice echoes the empty hallway. Parts of her memory come flooding back. Fuzzy images of the days events flash in her mind. Using the wall for support, she pulls herself up to stand. With a few quick glances, she surveys her surroundings. No one, not a soul was around her, except for a tiny mouse, making its way down the hall towards her. Mice didn't scare her. She never did understand why a cute little creature could scare anyone.

She steps over it, trying to make her legs work. Stiff from laying on a cold floor, she thought. That's expected, to say the least. She pulls the cloak tighter, hoping to keep what warmth she had left around her. Gaining her balance, she presses forward, not having a clue where she was going or what she might run into. She continues to walk, around corners, down a set of stairs to another straight away.

Two very tall, massive double doors stood at the end of the hall. She stops, gazing at the wooden door. Amazed by their size, more so by the details of the carving laid into them. Reaching out, her fingers traces the wood, taking in by the beauty of the art. She hadn't seen anything quite like it before.

"Come in!" A deep male voice sounds from the other side of the doors. "Please come in and sit Sarah!" No hesitation, not even thinking, she pushes her way in. Standing behind the desk nestled by the far wall, a man, a human male stands, smiling a wide pleasing grin at her.

"Who are you?" Sarah ponders aloud.

"It's..." Lord Asmodeus cut off his own words. Oh, she hasn't seen my human form. This could be good and loads of fun, "I'm Johnathon, I work for the lord of this castle and who might you be?"

"You know very well who I am, you called out my name a minute ago."

"Ah, yes, you caught me. The master did say you were of quick wit." Lord Asmodeus posing as Johnathon laughs. He looks to the doors and falls silent for a brief second, "Come in, Zuel."

"Ah, I see you have found her, my... Johnathon." Zuel states, rushing into the room to stand next to the desk. {"My lord, what is it that you think you are doing?"} he asks through his mind to Lord Asmodeus. The lord smiles, turning his attention back to Sarah. He watches her with a curious eye. {"My lord?"}Shifting Zuel a look that makes him stop his babbling to him in his head.

"Sarah, why haven't you cleaned up?" he examines the sight of her, still in the last thing her saw her in.

"I don't know. There was someone, but I fainted and when I woke, I started wondering around until I found this place." she responds, watching out the huge window over looking the back of the ground's of the castle. Lord Asmodeus give Zuel a most grievous look. At that moment Zuel wanted to crawl into a hole and never come out.

"I'm sorry to hear that. Zuel please bring her something to eat."

"Yes, m... I mean Johnathon."

"Is there anything you would like, my dear?" She shakes her head no to his question. 

"Is it true that once Lord Asmodeus get bored of me, he'll eat my soul?" she asks without a hint of emotion.

"Where would you have heard something like that?" Lord Asmodeus returns a question for an answer. Flashing another cold look at Zuel. 

Zuel raises his hands and shakes his head, "I never would convey a statement like that to any of his guests. I assure you!" Lord Asmodeus turns his eyes back to Sarah.

"I can't remember, but is it true." she abruptly shifts her gaze to the man standing behind the desk, the one who she believes is Johnathon, not knowing she is really speaking Lord Asmodeus himself.
