 Thank you for your comments. I understand after the fact about proofreading. I was so excited about the story, I posted it without any real corrections. I couldn't wait to share it. As a writer, I live to share stories. I do hope though that the mistakes that are there didn't take too much from the entertainment of the story itself. So, the first two chapters are a little choppy, forgive my impatient impulse to upload them. This, the third chapter, I hope is much better. I still believe it's a great story, with or without mistakes. Hey, what can I say, after all I am only human and human's, well they make mistakes. No one is perfect! I know I am not! Well, Maybe Lord Asmodeus is! LOL:) 

**************************************************

Sarah surprised herself, when she asks for Johnathon's help. "Sorry, Zuel, you did wish that the gate hurt me as we went through and you did leave a nice bruise on my upper arm. I think I'll trust him for now, even if he's not being truthful of who he is." she reveals in a flat tone, giving no emotion either way. 

Lord Asmodeus chuckles to himself, how could he think he could fool her, after all he did find her to be very inelegant from the start, shaking his head with his thought, "Fine which would you prefer, Johnathon or Blake?" he laughs, coming around the desk to stand beside her.

"I guess Johnathon would suit you better than Blake, my lord." Still no sign of emotion, her mind blank and cold.

"Johnathon it is!" he chuckles, "And Zuel we will have a discussion about your actions with our new guest." He places his hand on the small of her back to lead her out of the room. Her skin is as cold as ice, sending a tingling sensation through his palm. He knew the castle to be drafty, but it was summer and the heat outside, intense. The chill of the inside walls were a great relief to his human servants, so he believes.

They followed the same path she took to his study, down a straight a way, around a corner and back up a flight of stairs. Still as empty as she had left it. A large puff of ash wafts in the air from their foot steps. What could have caused this, Lord Asmodeus mulls over in his head. Where are all the servants for this wing? Why hasn't any of them cleaned this mess up, no matter where it came from, it should have been done? Then his thoughts race, on how he could punish his servants for their lack to detail.

"Please, enlighten me as how you knew who I was?" he urges Sarah to answer, taking his mind off the lack of servants and their utter lack of cleanliness. 

The chill on Sarah's skin grows icier. Her teeth begin to chatter. She desperately clings to the cloak hoping to warm herself once again. Her legs barely holding her weight. Her frames wobbles. 

"Are you alright?" he asks, concern dripping from his lips.

"Y...ya!" Barely getting the word out, between her vibrating teeth. Her eyes went dim, he could see the lights behind them go out. A quick shuffle. He catches before she hits the floor. With ease, he cradles her in his arms, carrying her the rest of the way to her room.

"That's twice today, you have ended up in my arms." he comments, placing her softly onto her new bed. He watches her chest slowly rise and fall with her now calm breath. Her eyes start flutter under her closed eyelids. Dreaming? He hopes. He probes her thoughts. Images of her running from something or someone plague her mind. The thing stays out of Lord Asmodeus' reach to see, as if as it knew he was there watching.

"Well, I'm just going to have to fix that, now aren't I!" he smirks to himself, pulling back his probe of her dream. Another quick glance at her as he spins on his heals. With a new found spring to his step, he heads for the bathroom to run a hot bath for her.

The room is as large as a small apartment. A shower encased with clear glass, can fit at least five people with its five different angles of the shower-heads, jets out from the far corner. Right next to it a bath, sunk into the floor like a mini swimming pool. Opposite them, a pair of sinks shaped into massive bowls with the spouts curving over their edges. 

In a few steps, he stands in front of a cupboard, flinging its doors wide open. It is filled with different scents and bubble baths. He ponders for a bit before taking the one labeled mother's milk. A creamy bath additive. This going to be even better than I had imagined, he smiles at his own thought.

Back in the room, standing over her once more. Her beauty captivating him in every seance. Gently pulling the covers off, he scoops her up, carrying her to the washroom. A massage table stands near the left side of the door behind a silk screen. There, he lays her down and slowly begins to undress her. She does not stir as he takes off what little clothing she has on. Before embracing her, he also disrobes, flinging his clothes off to one side of the room. 

Carefully, stepping down into the tub with her cradled in his arms, gradually lowering her into the warm water with him. Her frame bobs and floats on the water's surface. He can't help it, his cock starts to grow and twitch with the feel of her skin next to his. He wants her so badly, but rather wait for her to ask. Why is that? His brains asks himself. Not knowing the answer, he begins waft the water gently over her, making sure not to get it on her face. He notices the dried blood on her nose from when she ran headlong into Zuel's chest. He chuckles to himself at the reflection in his mind's eye. With a plush cloth, he gently washes it away, until the tiny scrapes are all that are left.

Her flesh finally starts to warm. He feels her body begin to curl up to his. He encourages it more by wrapping her tighter in his embrace. Her eyes blink open, settling on the beautiful face above her. He hadn't noticed that she was awake, he continuously washes water over her shoulders and down her neck for it to run in-between her breasts. His light touch sparks heat within her core. She lets a sultry moan escape her lips. His dick responds, bouncing and tapping on the small of her back. She pushes her hips down until she can feel the mass with her ass. He glances down, seeing her eyes half lid with an expression of pure pleasure upon her features. He leisurely shifts his hip, pushing slightly up, pressing his cock into her cheeks. She in turn presses down, letting another satisfying groan escape her. 

Her hand reaches up and around his neck, pulling his face close into hers. With a lap of her tongue, she traces his lips. Her fingers tangle in his hair as she pulls her face back just a little. Her eyes dart trying to take in every feature on his face as if she was memorizing them. She shifts her body in the water without breaking eye contact, easily straddling him.

Her face has so many different emotions racing across it. He tries to capture each one. The most revealing is the pleasure she feels and also deep sense of loneliness. He cups her face, bringing it to his, smashing his lips tight to hers. His tongue, breaches them, taking a tour of the warmth that lies within. Her tongue mimics his, entering him with a longing force, desperately wanting to taste him. The passion released from their kiss, lights up the room, causing an explosion of color that bounces off the milky water.

She pulls back and smiles, "When we are done you will eat my soul?" and plants another passionate kiss on his lips, sucking him into her.

Pushing himself away, "Wait, what? No, I never said I would eat your soul!"

"Yes, you said it was in your nature." Sadness drips from her eyes as the salty water trickles down his fingers that lightly hold her cheeks. With his thumbs, he smooths them away and pulls her in, placing a gentler, softer embrace to her mouth. 

Her hips move beneath the water, rubbing her crotch along his shaft, causing it to jerks with her encouragements. He moves his hands down to her waist to give himself better leverage and thrusts upward, forcing himself into her warm canal. His size rips through her, causing her to arch her back as he pulls her abruptly down, once, twice. The water splashes in waves over the edges of the bath and out across the floor with the rhythm of his flow. She throws her head back in a voiceless scream as his cock hits all of her sensitive parts. 

A flash of brilliant white light explodes around them.

Lord Asmodeus is no longer in the tub making love to Sarah. He stands, naked, in a pure white room. Cannot say it is a room because there are no walls, no ceiling to be seen. The floor under his bare feet doesn't seem to be there either.

"Hello!" Sarah's voice low with fear calls out, echoing on unseen walls. Lord Asmodeus shifts and turns trying to figure out where her voice is coming from.

"Sarah!" he shouts, taking a step forward, hoping beyond hope that there was sturdy ground in front of him to step on. His foot firmly lands on solid flooring. His pace quickens, "Sarah! Sarah!" The echo of her voice growing faint. "Call out again, Sarah!" He can feel his pulse quicken as a panic for her safety creeps into his mind.

"You'll never reach her!" A sickly voice howls from somewhere behind. A complete rotation of his frame, Lord Asmodeus faces an unknown entity standing behind him. A not so tall, skeleton looking man. Black with white streaks, matted, greasy hair clings to its head. Its eyes sunk deep within its skull. Puffy red flesh cover his cheek bones, accented by its pale skin. Its thin dry lips spread into a menacing grin. He seems relaxed, but confident. It places its thumbs into the pockets of its tattered blue jeans, shrugging its shoulders at the sight of the demon lord before him.

"And whom might you be?" Lord Asmodeus asks, relaxing his stance at the seemly nonthreatening creature before him.

"I am her master!" it smirks, showing his yellow decaying teeth.

"Master of who?" 

"Sarah, you idiot!" its screams, becoming annoyed with the demon lord. "I own her and I will always own her!"

"I will have to disagree with you. I am her master." he smiles, pleased with the frustration growing in the ugly thing in front of him. "Be gone or you might regret what happens to you." Its laughter increases, raking on every last nerve of the young lord. "You have interrupted a very special moment. I will forgive it if you leave now. Never grace the presence of her again and I won't kill you!" Lord Asmodeus begins to walk away to continue his search for Sarah.

"You don't have the power to kill me, you pompous ass!" it yells, completely angry of the lords treatment of him. "How dare you turn your back to me! You think you own it all. I owned her well before you ever met her!" 

Lord Asmodeus realizes at that moment that he, the entity is the man you has tortured Sarah in life and now continues after death. Darrell, the man of her nightmares. Turning his gaze back to the creature, his rage increases. With each step closer to him, he transforms himself into his demon form until finally he has Darrell by the neck, lifting him up off his feet. 

Darrell struggles for a bit, but begins to laugh, "You hurt me, you hurt her!" His shrieks invade Lord Asmodeus' brain, stinging it. Finally leaving it numb and confused. 

Another complete whiteout.....

The scorching light fades. Lord Asmodeus is back in the bath. He shifts his head, searching his surroundings. He forces his eyes to focus. It's not the entity in his grasp, but Sarah struggling for air. Slapping her hands hard onto his extended arm. Realizing that wasn't working, she raises her foot and kicks him in the head.

Dumbfounded, he releases her to fall back into the water. The liquid title-waves over the edges with the sudden displacement. She flails her arms, pumping at the water to get back to the surface, forcing air back into her lungs. Clutching the side of the pool, Sarah holds her neck, coughing. 

"Sarah!" he whispers apologetically, looming over her in his demon form. He cautiously reaches for her. With her free hand, she slaps his away. Frantically, clawing her way out of the tub. Halfway into her escape, she collapses on the tile floor. Her legs oscillating from the turbulence of the waves.

"Damn him!" he growls, shifting his frame to return to his human form. He quickly grabs a bath sheet to cover her trembling body. With his fingers, he carefully brushes her long tangled wet hair from her face. Her body winces with Lord Asmodeus' touch. Tears escape from beneath her closed lids. The seed of fear has been planted within her.