 Constance paced back and forth in the living room. Twilight had fallen, but the moon had yet to rise. Tonight she was going to feed. "Ugh" she groaned looking out into the night. It would be a full moon. It had been days since her last dinner. But, lucky for her, vampires could go months without a victim. One had to be careful these days. It had been hard enough in years past, fearing the masses with their damn torches and pitchforks. Now days, it was simply a matter of not raising media attention and properly disposing of the body.

Finally, the last of the sun's rays dropped below the horizon. Time had come for the hunt. This always made her giddy inside. She imagined it must be like a child on Christmas morning. Oh, what did she want tonight? Would she take someone young and fresh, or would she take out the trash and kill someone who had done evil? No, she thought, she had other desires tonight that had to be taken care of first.

She was feeling very sexual tonight, and had been for days. She walked out to her car and headed into town. The night air was crisp and there was a slight breeze. It was October 31st. Halloween. It was her favorite holiday. Mortals in costumes, the kids and thier candy, ghosts and gouls... Her radio blared as she reached town. The light turned green and she made her left turn onto the busy Mission Street. Ironic how that street had that name, and more strip clubs and bars than Las Vegas. Tires made an eerie screech as the car parked. It was time to change the brake pads. Later though. There were priorities. She watched the people go on about their business. The laughing group of friends headed into a strip club. The drunks moving on to the next bar. Frightened and skittish people were just trying to walk home from work. Bums begging for change. "Mmm" she groaned, stretching, and bones popping. Sounding old, she chuckled to herself. "Sounding like my age."

She chose the fetish club. Just what she was in the mood for, candle wax and a cat o' nine tails. Dominance and submission. Her senses heightened at just the thought. Stepping out of the car, she made one last check of her refection in the car window to verify she looked good. Not just good, but mortal. Not that that was hard. Centuries of practice of slipping in and out of character. Not that it mattered. Unless you were in their face showing yourself they were oblivious to everything. Even then she was sure they would rationalize it. Shaking her head to clear it, she headed across the street and pulled out her ID. The bouncer liked her and looked her over like a piece of meat. He obviously wanted to tear her up in ways only he could. Constance smiled and flirted a little.

"First time here?" he asked.

Dropping her head and eyes, looking him over shyly, "yeah, kinda nervous."

"Don't be sexy. Anyone gives you any shit you come get me, ok?" he said handing back her driver's license.

"Ok" she said taking it back and brushing by very sexily. Bouncer was going to bust one right there. Now that was amusing. She knew that women wanted to be her, and men wanted to be with her. 

The music inside was loud. "Freak a leak" was playing. Constance loved this song. Everyone looked her over. It was ok, she was used to it by now. She was five foot two, long blonde hair, intense blue eyes, full lips, perfect ass, and creamy pale skin. Flawless, beautiful, and deadly. California perfection. Love me. Adore me. Fear me. Her personal mantra. A sexy young man approached first. Early twenties, short black hair with blonde tips spiked in modern fashion. Melting blue eyes but a skinny body. Her target was acquired. His friends huddled and whispered, looking Constance over. Obviously talking about her. Naughty, naughty people. Orgies were not her taste, so they could forget it.

"Hey baby, I'm David, can I get you a drink?" he asked. Giving a hell yeah look, she handed him her hand and let him lead her to the bar. 

Smiling, she replied, "I'm Constance, nice to meet you."

"Constance, huh? Fits you perfectly." She giggled at that. 

"What's your poison?"

"Vodka, straight up."

"Wow, same for me."

The bartender gave them their shots. They clinked their glasses together and downed the drinks. 

"Lemme show you around" David said taking her by the arm.

Leading her down the hallway, she could hear the sounds of ecstasy from every room. He led her into a room where you could see through the glass into the next room. A dominatrix was in there, whipping a big ol' boy. David's hand slid up her arm, up her neck, fingers brushing her cheek. Constance cocked her head, closed her eyes and moaned. This is what she wanted. His lips brushed her ear, tongue licked quickly, moving behind her, hands massaging her back and neck.

"Uuuuugh" she groaned as he grabbed her hair and jerked her head back. His other hand was sliding around her neck, choking lightly. He began to kiss and bite her neck. God this was hot. Moans came from Constance, pleasure and desire racking her body. Got to keep it in check. Too carried away and he'd die now, right here. Before she was ready. The strap from her tank top slid down. Refocusing his attention, he ripped it off her body and shoved her into position against the wall. The cat of nine ripped across her back. Hard. Perfect. He was experienced. Too bad, what a waste. Moans came more and more, louder and louder with each strike. Writhing against the wall, she was going to cum before he even got in her.

"You like that you whore? You dirty slut? You like that? You want more?" he growled at her.

Constance was barely able to reply, "fuck yeah, give it to me baby, I'm going to cummmmmm." The whip struck the wall as David threw it, then grabbed Constance and put her in doggy position. His cock rubbed her clit, and her juices were running down her leg. 

"Tell me how bad you want it, my cock shoved in that tight pussy, stretching it out, pounding hard and fast." Constance could only moan. "Tell me, I want to hear it."

"I want it baby, right now, fuck me" she begged. His huge cock penetrated, thrusting it in all the way.

"Oooohhh, baby, you're so tight, and wet......." David closed his eyes, gripped her ass, and rocked back and forth before he came right then and there. He opened his eyes with animalistic hunger and began to move in and out. Slowly picking up speed, ramming her harder and harder until Constance exploded. Cum was really begining to drip down her legs, and she shook from the residual orgasms. Still on her hands and knees, she opened her eyes, yellow and catlike, and fixed her stare at the floor. Then she regained herself and blinked them blue again. Not yet. Just a little longer.

David was fingering her, covering his finger in her juices. His other hand smacked her ass and he commanded her to turn around. "Lick my finger clean" he said. As she began to lick of her sweet cum he told her to look up at him with those beautiful eyes. She obeyed. "Now, I want you to suck my cock clean, and then I'm going to shoot into that gorgeous mouth of yours." Moans escaped her thought as she did so, tasting her honey on his cock, his salty cum shooting into her mouth. Oh, how she wanted to do it again. 

They got dressed and went back to the bar. He was unable to keep his hands off her for long. Massaging and brushing anywhere and everywhere. Tons of alcohol later, and pretending to be as drunk as he was, they left the bar. She led him to the park nearby, and took over. Kissing him, hands wandering, nails gently scratching down his stomach. He was hard again. Constance opened his pants and played with him. Her lips began moving from his down to his neck. Licking and sucking. Her eyes flashed yellow and her fangs appeared. It felt like a light nibble when they penetrated. Straight into the jugular. Ecstasy and pleasure that a mortal could never know. Equally as good as the sex, but exquisite in its own way. David never felt a thing. He just drifted into sleep to never wake up again. She left his body there, laying against the tree. She even zipped up his pants and watched as her bite marks disappeared. No trace. Like she was never there. Constance began walking back to her car. Smiling at the passerby's, thinking "be careful, there are monsters in the dark."

She barely made it across the park when something grabbed her arm and spun her around. Another vampire. He was tall, well muscled, bald head, and almond skin. His dark eyes burned into hers. "Any one could have seen you. What were you thinking?" He shook her. "Answer me!"

"Who are you and what business is it of yours?" she demanded, yanking her arm away.

"My name is Grant, and yours?" he challenged back.

"Constance. And I enjoy the thrill of the risk of being caught. Now go away." She turned and started to walk away.

At that he scoffed. No one walked away from him. Ever. He grabbed her again. Constance struggled and fought, trying to get out of his grasp, but it was to no avail. The only thing she accomplished was to tear his wife beater. He was older and stronger than she. Where was he dragging her? She didn't like this, but the more she tried to get away, the harder he held onto her. Just outside of town there were woods, and he was headed that way. Terror ripped through her body. She wasn't going to die like this. No one touched her without her permission. Grant finally got sick of trying to hold onto her, so he pulled rope out of his pocket and tied her hands together. Throwing her over his shoulder, she could kick and struggle all she wanted.

Within minutes they were in the woods just outside of town. His hand brushed her cheek, traced the line of her jaw, and slid down to her thought. It landed right between her collar bones. He could feel her warm sexy pulse. The pulse caused by mortal blood in her veins. He was so turned on by this damn cock tease. It was time to execute his plan. He rushed in to kiss her lips, tender at first, but then the fangs came out in his excitement. He kissed her so hard he made the blood run. The cuts healed instantly and he licked up the stray blood. Constance normally loved this kind of treatment, that raw passionate hunger, the animalistic need for blood and sex. She made herself forget that he had kidnapped her. She kissed back, equally as hungry. The rope popped as she broke it. She allowed her fangs to come out and eyes to turn piercing yellow like a cat's.

His hand slid up to her tits and gently massaged them. She promptly removed them, but allowed them to massage her back, nails scratching her skin. He moved away from her mouth, kissing his way down to her neck. The room exploded as his teeth broke her skin, blood flowing like wine into his mouth. Constance closed her eyes and rocked, enjoying this feeling. Oh, god, he was taking too much. She had to stop him. Constance tried gently at first to pull him off, but he was latched on with all his strength. Now she panicked. She struggled and fought, but he had already taken too much. There wasn't enough strength left to resist. 

Grant felt Constance go limp in his arms. Still conscience, but severely weakened. There was no one to help her. He carried her deeper into the woods. She was now going in and out of consciousness. Just the way he had imagined it. Two vampires out in nature, enjoying each other. Granted having her weakened was not part of his fantasy, but he would take it any way he could get it. He ripped her tank top in half taking it off. Those beautiful big tits almost swelling out of that bra. He leaned her against a tree, half laying down. Moans escaped her beautiful thought as her head slid to the side. Grant stripped his own shirt off, then kneeling down, gently removed her bra. One simple snap in the front and they were free. He took her right nipple in his mouth first. He licked and sucked, moaning the whole time. Constance could feel the vibrations, and she couldn't resist. It just felt too good. His hands played with her other breast, teasing, massaging, pinching the nipple, making it hard.

Her mind began to rage, "No, this is wrong, I don't want you to touch me. Your making me feel dirty, and not in a good way. I hate you. You will die for this. My body is my temple, and no one touches me without my permission!"

Unfortunately for him, he was not a mind reader. He switched over to lick her other breast and his hands moved to the other one. Her body quivered despite what her mind said. She was responding to this, and she didn't want to. She wanted to kill him. His lips finally left her breast and slowly made their way down, biting and licking. Her juices soaked her pussy. She was moaning and groaning, unable to stop. Her body and her brain stopped communicating. His tongue made one big lick across her clit. Fire shot right through her core. Her pussy lips began to swell. His tongue began to work, back and forth, round and round. Moans came louder and harder. Her body arched in pleasure. She was going to cum.

"Oh god," her brain screamed, "make it stop! I don't want to!" 

"Nooooooo" she was able to finally get out. Her mouth was finally working. But this just made him go faster and harder with his tongue. "No, don't touch me, don't do this, I'm begging you!" A laugh deep in his thought gave her his answer. "Stop, stop or I'll kill you" she screamed. He didn't even pause, his tongue moved back up her stomach, landing on her nipples again. He teased it for a second, then bit into her breast and drained more blood to keep her weak. When he finished with that he leaned back, only to slap her across the face. There was so much force it felt like he broke her jaw. 

"Don't you ever tell me no you little slut. I'll show you to do what I say when I say, got it bitch?" Constance couldn't respond. Grant hissed and backhanded her, snapping her head in the other direction. One swift movement and his pants were off, his hard cock gleaming in the moonlight. He grabbed her viciously and lifted her up, his cock sliding into her pussy.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, god, no please, I'm begging you..." No use. He was holding her up, cock shoved all the way into her tight pussy. Her back was shoved against the tree, the bark cutting into her back with every stroke. It was cutting her so deep it was making her bleed, but all the dripping blood just turned her on more. The cuts weren't healing. Slamming her back into the bark kept making it worse and worse, grinding into her flesh. Now she was screaming, partly in reluctant pleasure, partly still begging him to leave her alone, she was in pain. His strokes just got faster and harder. His hands closed around her thought, squeezing so tight it would have killed a mortal. Choking and pulling her hair, yanking her head back, her orgasm built and built. 

He pulled out before he came, taking a few seconds to regain control. His hands molested her body, but there was nothing gentle about it. "I want you to submit to me. Give me what I want" He growled in her ear. Tears streaked down her face. That bald, silken pussy was almost too much. Already more than he could have ever imagined. It was now swollen and bruised by his cock. But, now he wanted to fuck that ass. That tight, perfect ass. He managed to untangle her legs from around him and viciously flipped her over.

She screamed and kicked when his soaking cock was shoved into her ass. One hard thrust and it was in. Constance had never, ever, allowed anyone to even touch her ass, much less fuck it. It was, after all, an exit, not an entrance. Not that Grant cared. He was pounding her ass. White hot searing pain shot through her very core. It was beyond excruciating. Grant was so turned on watching that ass get fucked with his cock, never had sex felt so good. He kind of wished his friend Matthew were here to tag team this bitch with him. Give him a second to recoup before coming back to fuck her again. Shit, he was getting sidetracked. With a pissed off growl, he began to fuck her even harder. Pain was now racking her from head to toe. Her shoulder was getting slammed into the tree repeatedly. The horrible bark cutting into her, blood trickling down. God, there was so much force and anger in his strokes. 

She knew tonight he may try to kill her. Now his fucking in her ass began to actually feel good. Constance was confused by this, but it didn't matter. Now she was moaning and screaming in pure pleasure. His hands reached around to her front and grabbed her tits, using them to help his thrusts. Then his nails ran down her stomach, cutting it open and causing her to bleeding more. Finally they both exploded, cum leaking down bot her legs and his. He shot into her ass, filling it up with his hot sticky cum. As his aftershocks died down he just dropped her. Constance's body made a soft thud when it hit the ground. He wasn't quite finished just yet. There was just a touch of cum left in him. He jerked it out and splattered it across her bloody wounded back. The salt in his cum burned.

Constance was crying. She felt so dirty and abused, but strangely excited at the same time. She lay there in fetal position for a long time. He just stared at her with those cold unfeeling eyes. He had his prize. He had gotten what he wanted. He would have paid any price to do this, and had no regrets for what he had just done. Now he was satisfied. He got dressed and left the dirty whore laying on the floor of the woods. Let her cry. She liked it. She'll come back when she's ready. Every woman does. He kicked some dirt at her, turned around, and left her laying there. Alone and terrified, and barely alive.

A crash startled Constance out of her sleep. Looking over, the cat had knocked over a vase, and it had shattered on impact with the floor. She was covered in sweat, so she threw off the blanket and sighed. It had just been a dream. However, she reached down to touch her snatch and it was soaking wet and swollen. Was it just a wet dream? Or had it been real? Constance shook her head. Either way, she needed a cigarette right now. Reaching for the pack, she spied a torn tank top laying on the floor....