 She heard the flick of the blade as it tore through the air. That same deathly flick that terrorised her dreams every night. She flinched but felt nothing. And then she heard it... quiet, so quiet at first but so commanding. Quiet but so loud that it drowned out all the street noise. Quiet but deadly, even more deadly than Wayne's voice - his voice seeming like death to her.

"Have you ever heard a man's eyeball pop?" The words drifted into Taylor's ears with a chilling cold that was deeper than any nightmare ever. This wasn't some insane threat or boast. The words were calm, gentle almost. A lover's caress encased in a block of ice. That voice... that voice was very dangerous.

Taylor felt the grip on her throat slide away slowly. It wasn't until then that she realised she had not been breathing. She stumbled away as the supporting arm let her go, crumpling to the pavement, sucking air into her burning lungs.

"It does pop you know... it's quite a sickly sound. Of course you rarely hear it for the screaming. I do believe it is very painful."

Taylor, still gasping, her head spinning and her eyes not focusing looked up and saw Wayne's knife, fully extended and now a breath away from his eyeball. Nobody was moving, nobody was saying anything. Just the knife at Wayne's eye and just the voice. That cold, deadly voice. Taylor knew she would hear that voice forever... but more than hear it, she would feel it. Feel the pure danger in it. Forever...

"I'll fuckin' kill you," Wayne tried the words, expecting them to come out in a voice as dangerous but Taylor could hear emotion in it - unlike the other voice which was cold and flat - dangerous and deadly. It was hidden but Taylor knew Wayne's voice well enough to hear real fear. She had only heard that once before in his voice but it was there now.

Taylor's eyes finally focused as her breathing steadied and her heart stopped pounding in her head. Fuck her head hurt, the lack of oxygen nearly making her pass out before. Taylor's eyes focused and saw the man standing behind Wayne, though she couldn't believe it. Looking back across to the coffee shop, as if to reassure herself that she was really seeing what she was seeing...

It was Greg standing behind Wayne. It was Greg holding the blade of that knife - Taylor's eyes were drawn to it again and she trembled as she remembered it being inside her again. She felt the panic start to rise again in her brain, her body started to tremble once more as she was plunged back to that night when Wayne had pushed it inside her and started toying with the catch. She knew how light that catch was from when Wayne had cut himself deeply.

It was then she felt His eyes upon her. Sitting in the gutter, Taylor dragged her mind away from that night, that nightmare that still haunted her at times and looked up. The first thing she saw was not Wayne being held at knife point but Greg. His eyes actually. They called to her, and she felt herself almost falling into those green eyes. Odd, she never thought of them as green... never looked that closely and never cared to look. Now, they not only offered a safe haven, salvation almost but an understanding, as if He had looked into her and seen exactly what she had been thinking.

Slowly, Taylor gained control of her body once again. Her breathing slowed and her heart rate dropped from that pounding that echoed in her head. She went to rise but her legs still felt rubbery and she sat back down again, landing in a puddle from the rain earlier. 'Just fucking great she thought... really going to get lots of business this way' and then realised just how much Greg's eyes had drawn her away from the situation. It seemed like half an hour or more had past but it could only have been a couple of minutes.

No one had moved... Wayne still stood very still, though Taylor could see that nervous twitch he got sometimes, the twitch in his eye. It shouldn't be surprising though with that blade almost close enough to scratch his eyeball. In contrast, Greg hadn't moved at all, his hand didn't shake - not even a slight tremble as he held the wicked knife. Taylor wasn't sure whether she should maybe be more afraid of Greg than Wayne, though she still felt that depth in His eyes... the look of compassion and understanding and, and something else. Desire? 

No, she knew when a man had desire in his eyes, she saw it a lot - especially when she would drop to her knees and take some stranger's cock into her mouth. She saw desire then. She also knew power then. Power over that stranger who had just emptied his wallet for her body just like he has going to empty his balls for it too. Taylor loved those moments. She could do anything - even often getting more cash out of the poor bastard when she said she would love to suck and swallow but rules were rules and it costed more for that.

Having felt her sweet mouth around their hard cock, they just about always reached straight for their back pocket again. It always made her laugh (though inside only). I guess these guys never had a wife or girlfriend that would just kneel before them and submit... letting them think they had all the power. Boys never grew up after puberty. They would always be ruled by their cock and could always be ruled by it. It was one of the extra bonuses of what Taylor did - the power rush.

Her mind dropped immediately back to the street when she heard the voice again. It was quiet, confident but devoid of any emotion. It didn't sound like the man she had coffee with and talked about trivial things with but it also did. Taylor tried hard to negotiate the differences in the two people. She had always believed Greg to be just a lonely guy, a romantic fool from some of the things he said. Just another easy mark for her because she knew she would get him upstairs one day and he - like the others - would empty his wallet and his balls for her.

The man before her though was different. Clinical, determined, deadly. She wasn't so sure she wanted to be alone with Him - except that she now felt that dampness between her legs and on her thighs and it wasn't from the rain puddle...