 "Well Wayne, we are going to do this like very civilised men. Just a misunderstanding that has now been cleared up and you can return back to your night. Even go and play somewhere else." There was no inflection in that voice, no question at the end of it. In fact, it wasn't a statement but a command. Nobody had ever told Wayne what to do, certainly not in such a commanding voice. This was about to turn very ugly...

"And you have one fuckin' chance to live mate. Just one. Walk away. You fuckin' walk away now and it'll all be sweet. If not, well... accidents happen..." Taylor could see that temper was increasingly taking Wayne's fear away. She knew he would not let this go. She knew Wayne and knew - or suspected - he could kill. Greg didn't - but then this was a side of Greg she could never have imagined possible.

Greg's reply was barely above a whisper and Taylor had to strain to hear all of it, she could feel that danger in his voice again. Again it was emotionless, no anger, no fear... just a promise. "One... two..."

It hung there for what seemed an eternity, before Wayne seemed to slump a little. Taylor realised she had been holding her breath again. Greg released Wayne, returned to his normal relaxed state. The Greg she knew and understood. Wayne turned and looked at Greg. Though she couldn't see his eyes, she knew that murderous insane look of his would be there. Knew that this was not going to finish tonight.

Greg's eyes remained fixed on Wayne and Taylor could swear she saw them darken, almost change to black or near. It must have been something with the street lighting that did it. Again, time seemed to stretch out and again, Taylor felt her lungs burn from lack of oxygen.

Then Wayne turned and looked back at Taylor. That insane look was there as she expected and so much more. A hungry insane dog staring at her - a rabid and diseased one. Wayne licked his lips in what he thought was a seductive fashion, another of his "ways" to get between Taylor's legs. Taylor shivered, knowing if that ever happened again, she too would go insane. He grinned at her then and walked off into the night. Taylor shuddered and pain shot through her as her muscles relaxed, not realising she had been clenching her entire body and holding it still for so long.

She wanted to cry... wanted to run. She wanted to be held and comforted, maybe even made love to slowly - the ache and dampness between her thighs kept reminding her that her need was very much alive...

Just as suddenly Taylor wanted to be alone. She was scared, scared shitless in fact and knew she was going to burst into tears at any moment. She couldn't look up at Greg because she knew she would break then. Then Taylor got angry. Anger was always her friend and the one thing that never let her down. She felt her whole body tremble a moment as the anger flowed through her and made her strong again.

Taylor found the strength to get up, even the strength to look Greg in the eyes, though the compassion and something (emotion?) she saw there nearly broke her again. Steeling, she stared into his eyes, "Well, I won't need to worry about you bothering me anymore. It's been fun... the coffee, the watching," she laughed but knew it even sounded hollow to her.

"But now you better find someone else to get your sick voyeuristic needs from. If you are lucky, they might even let you watch - of course, for the right price I would have too. Would you have liked that? Would you have liked seeing some stranger get his cock inside me, grunting and sweating as he fucked that pussy of mine you long for? That would have really got you off wouldn't it Greg? Would you have been jerking yourself off at the time... maybe even shooting your load at the same time as the guy you watch. Though I bet you would want to have it splash all over my face. That's your type Greg..."

She waited and even winced, knowing that ringing slap would come, hoping it would. Hoping it would nearly knock her head off and give her a reason to let the tears flow. But it never did. Greg's expression never changed. No anger, no hurt. Fuck, she never even thanked him and he dared to just give her that look of compassion and (emotion?). Taylor's anger grew to boiling point, knowing she had pushed, knowing she deserved anything Greg did to her. Even punishment. The seconds seem to last forever...

"You're a fucking freak," and then she did it... she slapped him. All her anger, fear, everything. She hit him as hard as she could, harder than she had ever hit anyone in her life. She didn't wait for his reaction then. Taylor turned and walked away, the tears already coming. Taylor forced herself to walk, when all she wanted to do was run. She managed to keep the tears to a minimum until she closed the door to her "office" behind her, sliding down the door and hugging her knees to her chest, her body wracked by uncontrollable sobbing.

For some inexplicable reason, Taylor felt more alone now than ever before...