 Thank you! Thank you to all who have marked my story in their favorites! I appreciate your support! Thank you for baring with the many mistakes in the first few chapters. I am hoping that it is getting better with the proofreading and corrections. If not, please let me know and I will get a different person to proofread, than the one I have now. Thank you for all your comments and feedback. 

************************************

Debris hits the wall next to the doors of Lord Asmodeus' study. An explosion of wood, glass and metal. Zuel timidly enters. The room completely dismantled from his master's rage. "My lord," he stutters, praying not to anger him any further, "May, I be of some assistance?" A lump forms in Zuel's throat, he tries to force down. Zuel has seen his masters anger once before and that is all he ever needed see. Then, like now, sparks a great deal of fear within him. The fact, his lord could rip him apart without even a second thought. He remembers how he came to be in the lord's service. The last butler torn apart with one swipe of Lord Asmodeus' claw. He swallows hard.

Lord Asmodeus vaults his head towards the ceiling, letting out a terrifying roar. His demon figure pulsates with the purest form of a demon's fury. A sharp turn of his gaze. His breath heavy. His features twist in utter discontent at his servant standing, trembling before him. On most occasions it would please him to see such a sight, but now, now all he wants to do, is to tare the man apart. Taking every bit of his own strength not to act on his impulses. He knew that it wasn't Zuel he was angry with. Oh, but to feel ripping flesh in his hands right at this moment, would amuse him greatly. 

Again, his voice thunders out, causing Zuel to take step back. "My lord?" he swallows hard, continuing to force the lump in his throat down. I'm dead, he thinks to himself. His body goes limp with defeat. He waits for the end to his very own existence. Nothing, no breaking bones, no taring to his flesh. His head still low, opening one eye, he peeks, to see Lord Asmodeus returning to his human appearance. He finally lets himself breathe a sigh of relief.

"Zuel, I need you to find someone, a human servant to attend Sarah." Anger still taints his voice as he lays out his commands, "No demon is to enter her presence until I say otherwise."

"Right away, my lord." he pauses, knowing if he asks, he surely would be ended. Curiosity gets the better of him, "Master, what has caused you so much distress?" 

"An impudent little man!" he gnarls. "How dare he come into my house and try to take what is mine!" Lord Asmodeus did realize that most of his anger is towards himself for letting such a lowly creature get the better of him. Which fuels the fact of how much he wants nothing more than to cause Darrell such great pain. "I will destroy him for it!"

"Tell me where I might find him and I shall with every bit of my own strength bring him to you, my lord!" Zuel bows, pleading for his master to let him help in his conquest. 

"There is one way, I need you to bring HER to me." he grins wildly, adding a light sparkle of glee to his eye. Zuel understands what he needs to do. She was only called in when the situation has the need for finesse where brute force could not prevail. Her magic, powerful, striking fear into the boldest of hearts. Lord Asmodeus is the one demon who never feared her, giving him immense power over her. Anything he wishes, she did without question. The mere thought of her, sends a shiver through Zuel's frame. She knew everyone's weakness and exploits them to their fullest.

******

Darkness turns to the bright sun of a new day. Sarah rolls over, tucking the covers deeper around herself. Oh, how she wants to stay asleep. Her body finally warm and comfortable. The pillow top mattress cradling her aching body. The feather pillows cushioning her head. The sudden image of Lord Asmodeus' demon shape flashes in her mind's eye. Abruptly, she sits up. The move makes her head spin.

"Oh, God!" she whimpers, holding the side of her face.

"You are awake, my lady," A meek female voice announces, "I have brought you some breakfast." She bows and walks the tray over to the side table next to the bed. She is a fairly tall woman. Her frame nicely built, draped in a white silky robe, accenting her dark tanned skin. Her eyes, gray like a seagull's wings. Her dark hair, short, tapering towards her chin. 

"I'm not," Sarah begins to says, but the rumble of her tummy interrupts her. "Well, I guess I am."

"The lord figured as much as he commanded me to attend to your every need. Anything you wish I shall do without hesitation, my lady."

"For starters, you can stop calling me, my lady. My name is Sarah. What is your name? You're not a demon?" she expresses with a friendly smile, after which she shoves a thick piece of toast dripping with egg yoke past her lips.

"My name is not important and no, I am human. The master thought it be best that I serve you and not a demon. I understand the reasoning. It is scary to be plunged into a world you do not understand. I can tell you from experience that it does get better. Lord Asmodeus is kind to his servant and treats us with the utmost care." she smiles in an attempt to comfort Sarah.

"I have yet to see such a manor from him." she lies. She has seen it, when he ultimately saved her from a fate worse than death if her captors caught her.

"I see. Do you wish to clean yourself after you have finished your meal?" the servant asks as she begins to fiddle around in the closet opposite the bed. Sarah can hear metal scraping across metal. The image of wire hangers being pushed aside, comes to mind.

"Yes, that would be nice, thank you." Sarah shovels the last of the eggs accompanying it with her final bite of bacon.

"Bath or shower?"

"Shower, please, not so nice memories with taking a bath." she chuckles with a hint of unease to her tone.

"Very well, I shall start it for you." The servant places a set of beautiful clothes at the end of Sarah's feet. Their color, a muted pastel green, laced with golden trim.

"I wish you would tell me your name. I can't go around calling you servant all the time.?" Sarah pleads.

"I have no name. I was never given one. If you wish you can name me?" A spark of hope enters the woman's eyes.

"I can do that. Everyone needs a name. It gives them a sense of identity. Knowing who you are, that's important." She ponders for a long moment, "How about....No, that won't do. Here, how about Chris? It's short for Christine?"

"Yes, I like it very much! Chris, how nice it is to say a name that I can call myself!" she giggles. The woman's face lights up like a light bulb at her new found identity.

"I'm glad you like it. Now, Chris, how about that shower?"

"Right away, Sarah!" she says with excitement.

The hot water washes over her, releasing the aches and pains within her muscles. Her frame finally has a chance to relax. The sleek soap travels down, washing away the grim. She looks down at the gold charm around her ankle. It no longer pierces her flesh. She sits in the small pool of water, gathering at the bottom of the shower. She plays with the delicate piece of jewelry, spinning it freely around. She notices it does not have a clasp to remove it from herself. She thinks it's beautiful and hopes for brief second, it never comes off. It vibrates, tickling her slightly as if in agreement to her thought.

******

Lord Asmodeus pleasantly grins. He stands, peering out of the large window in his destroyed study.

"My lord, she has arrived!" Zuel bows and starts to close the doors as he backs out of the room.

"Zuel, please, have someone clean this mess up." he demands with a hint of joy.

"Yes, my lord."

A fluttering, puff of smoky vapor settles in behind Lord Asmodeus, "Ah, master, you seem in better spirits. From what Zuel had stated, but I see that he was not wrong." A tantalizing giggle of a female's voice echoes around the room.

"Yes, much better. She wishes the charm to always remain on her ankle." he grin widens in delight of the notion. 

"Very good, indeed, master." The voice continues to softly giggle, "Now, my lord, you did not call me here to speak of the mater of your new pet. What is it that you ask of me?"

"You would be wrong in that assumption, Hecate! She is the reason I have sent for you." He turns to look upon his servant bowing her head in respect. She appears to float. He gently grips her chin, raising her eyes to meet his. Eyes, black, that pierce the deep darkest night. Yards of flowing golden brown hair, drift with the air around her. Her gown swims with her movements as if she is submerged under water. Of all the evil creatures, she is the most alluring. The queen of the witches, the most powerful of her kind. 

"I need you to place your web over the castle. No one, unless they have been marked by me will be allowed to leave." he tells her as his cock jumps to life within he pants.

"I see, I still have the power to stimulate your wanton needs, my lord!" Hecate remarks with a devilish grin, walking two of her fingers up his chest.

"Yes, but before we play, the net please." He forcefully takes her into his arms, slamming his body into hers. 

A gratifying groan leaves her lips. A wave of her hand over her head, "Done, my lord! Nothing that doesn't have your mark is allowed to leave the walls of this castle!" With the same hands she traces his collar bone, trailing it down his chest, down his hard, flat stomach. Her breath quickens. His power waxes. He demon side appears. His cock stands ready for the enjoyment coming its way.

Snatching a clump of her hair, he forces her to her knees. Her hands promptly releases his dick from its confines. With a pop, his cock smacks her in her lips. Instantly, she goes to work on the mushroom head. Licking and teasing it with her tongue. Shoving the tip of it into the tiny hole at its apex. A low pleasing gnarl vibrates his throat. Impatient, he shoves his dick into her, making her open her mouth wide to take him in. Pushing her deep onto his shaft until he hits the back of her throat. She hums with excitement, sending exhilarating ripples through his cock. He fucks her wanton throat with a violent frenzy. Invading deeper and deeper into her larynx. She gags with each new thrust, tightening her canal around his dick. He shoves it in and holds himself there, choking off her air. 

He yanks her off, dangling her by her hair. Her frame limp with ecstasy. Feverishly, she grabs his shaft in her hands, trying to finish off where her mouth had begun. He briefly watches her excitement causing him to smile. A flick of his wrist, tossing her. A loud thud emanates the room as her body slams against the wooden floor. 

No hesitation, she works her gown up to her waist, spreading her legs wide to show him her swollen wet mound. Her fingers expand her pussy's lips, opening it wide for him. He falls to his knees between her legs. She shutters and moans at his approach. Lifting her hips for him to enter her. 

"What is it that you want, Hecate?" he laughs at the picnic before him.

"I want your hot cock to enter me and split me wide!" she moans, closing her eyes with the anticipation of him entering her.

"And you will take this as payment for your serves for as long as I need them?" Teasing her clit with the tip of his dick.

"Yes, yes, please, my lord, do not make me wait any longer!" she begs, squirming underneath him. He pulls back. She cries out in disappointment. His grin wide and pleased. He takes hold of her waist, pulling her upward to his face, balancing her on her shoulders. His long thick tongue flicks her swollen clit. She groans with delight as he grazes. He bites her hard at the same time, he drives his tongue deep inside her drenching pussy. He begins to hum, vibrating her walls while continuing to thrust his tongue in and out of her at a faster pace. 

"MASTER!" she screams. Her voice husky with pleasure. Her chest heaves with her excited breath. Her hips uncontrollably shakes. He pulls his face away, smears of her juices drip from his chin. Again, she lets out a whimper of disappointment. "Please, please, rip me apart, my lord!" 

Her begging insight a passionate fury within his groin, "Very well, as you wish!" He lowers, lining his cock with her open canal. A savage thrust. One. Two. Three. He bottoms out against her womb. A powerful orgasm spills out of her creamy cunt. She arches her back. Her eye roll back into her head. Her mouth gapes open in a silent scream. Catching her breath, "YES!" she screams, "MORE!" 

He obliges her very wish. Slamming himself over and over again into her wanton pussy. Her warm cove squeezes tightly around his large shaft, trying to suck him deeper into her. His cock shudders at the tightening grip upon it. He grunts. She moans. A final fierce pump, releasing his hot cum deep into her fluttering womb. Careening his head up, letting a rumbling roar of pleasure to spill from his throat. He holds her firmly in places as his cream fills her. He give her a shove to one side. She falls flat onto her side. He grins and leaves her wrecked amongst the debris scattered about floor.

Returning his pants to there rightful place, he turns to gaze out the window once more. Two humans catches his attention as they stroll down a well groomed path of his gardens. One is the servant he sent to aid Sarah and the other, to his surprise is Sarah. They looked as if they were enjoying each others company. He has never seen his servant smile. She is rather attractive, but she pales incomprehension to Sarah's beauty. Sarah is a jewel that out shines all other beings, he thought.

"Oh, I see what you mean, my lord." Hecate comments from the left side of him, watching the young woman giggle and chat with another young woman walking next to her. "That one is very special! No wonder you seemed distracting during my payment."

"Yes and is there a problem with that?" he snarls.

"Of course not, master. For the longest time, I held that type of distraction for you." she giggles walking away from the window. "I have always known that someone would take my place someday, but I didn't think it could be a human."

"Neither did I." he chuckles at his own words.

"You have a crack in your armor, my lord, be careful or I just might exploit it." 

In an instant he has Hecate's neck in his grasp, "And you do well to remember, I know how to kill you! You'll be dead before you even have chance to use what you know against me." The queen of the witches shows no fear to anyone, but shows him how fearful she is of him.

Muffled screams come from outside and far below the window. He releases Hecate to fall to the ground, gasping for air. His eyes widen at the new sight out on the garden path. Six of his demon servants surround Sarah and her attendant. His anger waxes, sparking a new surge through him. 

"They will pay for their impudence!" he shouts roaring out his rage towards what he is watching.

"My lord, she is far from helpless. Watch and see, how special your new pet really is." Hecate announces while gently placing her hand on his arm. Her words calm him and he turns his attention back to the scene unfolding in front of his eyes.

******

Sarah cries out in agony, falling to her knees as she enters her bedroom. Chris rushes to her aid. "Sarah, Sarah, what's wrong?" she screams out in a panic. "I'll get the master, he can help!" Sarah grabs hold of Chris' arm, shaking her head no. "Please, I must get him. If anything happens to you, he, he will kill me. Erase me from the realms, never to be reborn!" Her eyes plead with Sarah to let her go.

"Chris, I am fine. Please, stay, stay by my side. The pain is leaving." she makes herself drive down the pain to comfort Chris. The pain wasn't leaving, it was steadily growing inside of her. She continues to control her misery to protect her new found friend from worry. "Can you help me to my bed?" She forces a smile onto her lips.

Chris meekly nods, wrapping Sarah's arm up and over her own shoulder, gently lifting Sarah to her feet. Sarah's feet wobble from side to side, until she firmly plants them flat on the floor. She places one foot in front of the other. Each step shoots a fiery pain up through her legs. She bites down on her lower lip to stop herself from screaming out. 

"Sarah, are you alright?" Chris sniffles. Sarah nods her answer, afraid to open her mouth. "He's going to kill me!" Flopping her onto the bed. Sarah's weight drags her on top of her, causing Sarah to scream out all she bottled up inside. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

"It's oooo.....kkkk....ay!" Sarah clinches her teeth. Her body arches and twists with an intense stabbing spasms. A dark cloud of smoke leaks from her eyes, nose, mouth and ears. Chris swears she hears it wail in pain as it leaves Sarah's frame, slamming into the far wall. Seconds after, Sarah's body relaxes, falling limp back to the bed.

"Sarah?" Chris whimpers, "Sarah, are you alright? The master, I must get the master!" Sarah takes hold of Chris' hand, holding her where she stands. Unable to speak, she begs with her eyes for Chris not to leave. "Okay, okay, I'll stay." She sits next to Sarah as tears begin to fall freely down her cheeks. Seconds pass, then minutes. Sarah starts to move effortless on her bed.

"I hope never to go through something like that again!" Sarah comments, sitting up in her bed.

"You frightened me so much, my lady. I was sure Lord Asmodeus would kill me if I let you die!" Chris sobs on her friends shoulder.

Sarah brushes her hand down Chris' short length of hair, "No worries, I'm fine, see?" she smiles, "All better!"

"What was that, my lady?"

"Please, Chris, it's Sarah. I have no clue, but it's gone now. I'm alright. See, no more pain." she says, planting her feet firmly on the ground beside her bed and stands. Plopping her butt back onto the bed, "Where can we go to get some fresh air?"

"Oh, the gardens! Master takes really great care in them. They are peaceful and I do enjoy the chances I get to walk around them." Chris states with glee.

"Shall we, then?"

"Oh, yes, lets!" Chris acts more like a friend than her attendant, which make Sarah happy.

******

The lush green of freshly cut grass, tickles Sarah's bare feet. Enjoying the fresh clean warm air of summer. She finds herself lost in wonderful memories of her childhood. She didn't have many and the ones she did have, she cherishes with all her heart. Funny, even those good memories are of when she was alone. Her parents didn't seem to care. Her mother an alcoholic and her dad a dead beat. None of that matters now, in this new memory she is making, she is with a friend. She holds that dear to herself.

"Ah, Chris the outdoors is amazing!" Sarah giggles. Chris joins in matching her laughter. The sun warms their skin. The outfit that Chris laid out for her to wear is surprisingly airy and loose.

"Sarah you're glowing!" Chris compliments. 

"Thank you! I guess I am, though I never thought I was beautiful. This outfit makes me feel it." Sarah gushes, "Chris, how did you come to this place?"

"When I was little, master found me and brought me here." she answers, plunging her nose into a flower to soak in its scent.

"What about your parents? Didn't they protest to the fact of you going to live with a demon?"

"My parent are dead."

"I'm sorry!" Sarah gasps.

"Don't be silly. If it wasn't for Lord Asmodeus, I probably be dead too!"

"Oh?"

"A hell spawn attacked our village and he did what he could to save as many of us as he could. We all came here to live after that. And it's been wonderful!" she sings, dancing around in a circle. Sarah can't help, but to feel her joy. Chris suddenly stops and scurries up next to Sarah. Gripping tightly to her arm.
