 Claire and her friends looked through their hotel window at the old castle sitting at the top of a nearby hill. They were seriously considering a strange dare from the old lady managing the hotel.

"So tell me again what the woman told you," Brooke said, "If we spend the night up there, we won't have to pay our hotel bill? It doesn't make any sense." 

Her friend Madison responded, "It is true. Claire and I were talking about the ridiculous stories they say about the castle and I guess the old lady didn't like what we said. She really believes in that shit."

"Yeah," Claire added, "She told us that she can prove it if we spend the night up there. And she is willing to cut our hotel bill."

"I'm not afraid of a stupid ghost. Count me in!" Rachel said with an assertive tone of voice. To which Madison responded, 

"You are not brave bitch. You are just cheap! Haha"

Brooke, who usually worried too much about anything, looked at her friends with concern and said out loud, "I'm not sure girls. It could be dangerous and... where are we going to sleep?"

"Who says we are going to sleep?" Claire answered quickly, "All we need is a bottle of tequila and a few blankets."

"Ok, let's vote for it," Rachel said raising her hand, "I am in."

After a quick vote, the outcome was obvious. They were going to spend the night in the old castle.

"Sorry Brooke. You are screwed," Rachel said mockingly.

"Ok, I'll go. But I still think it's not a good idea," Brooke responded.

***

They arrived at the front gate just before sunset. The large, gray walls looked a lot more impressive up close. It was evident that the castle had been built centuries ago. The lack of maintenance made it look abandoned and the scars from time indicated that it had been under attack at least once before.

"Ok, we are here. Now what?" Claire asked.

"See if it is locked," Madison said from a few feet behind.

"What? No, you do it!" Claire responded.

"Ok, move your ass. I'll do it," said Rachel as she stepped forward and pushed the heavy door. 

It wasn't locked and the four women walked in. They waited a few seconds until their eyes adjusted to the dark and looked around.

The interior of the large building was completely different from the outside. It was dusty but not abandoned as expected and it still had a lot of old furniture.

"Look at all these antiques!" Claire said.

"Cool! Maybe there are beds in here. We can have a nap if we get tired," Madison exclaimed.

"It is most likely that you will be so drunk that you won't care where you sleep," Rachel responded.

"Who takes care of this place? There must be someone living here and we are trespassing," Brooke said.

"Relax. The old lady told me that nobody lives here. She must clean this place herself," Claire said to Brooke.

"That means she is here. She must be watching us right now, waiting for the right moment to slash us with a hatchet!" Rachel exclaimed, faking fear.

"Don't say that!" Brooke said with her eyes wide open.

"Haha... You and your happy thoughts," Madison said to Rachel.

***

The girls sat in the main room, chatting and drinking for a few hours. It was dark outside and the only light came from their gas lanterns. 

"Ok, time to search for a bathroom," Rachel said as she stood up and started walking out of the main room.

"Don't forget to flush!" Claire said with a smile.

"You shouldn't go alone. It is not safe," Brooke said.

"If I see an evil ghost, I'll tell him you say hi," Rachel said to Brooke just before she moved out of sight.

***

Rachel walked through the long halls opening all doors, her fashionable boots echoing in the wide corridors and high ceilings. But to her surprise, none of the rooms had what she was looking for. 

"Who designed this damn place? So many rooms and no bathrooms? What's up with that?" 

She walked into an ample room, hoping to find at least a latrine but instead, she found a large box on the floor that looked a lot like a coffin. The box was open and there was nothing inside.

 "You have to be kidding me,"  Rachel thought.

When she was about to leave the room, she heard a faint noise.

"Eh? What was that?"

Rachel scanned the dark space moving her lantern from left to right and back. She was able to distinguish a shadow of someone standing behind a column.

 "I think there is someone standing over there,"  Rachel thought,  "That old lady from the hotel is really going out of her way trying to scare us." 

"Hi there!" She said out loud.

A man walked from behind the column and stepped into the light, wearing nothing but a dark cloak. His skin looked pale but veiny, giving him a sinister appearance. He spoke with a calm voice,

"You are invading my property. But don't worry; pretty girls like you are always welcome."

"Dude! You are naked!" Rachel said stepping back, "The old lady put you up to this, didn't she?"

"There are no old ladies here," the man said.

The man got closer to Rachel as the moonlight filtered through the window. He talked with a soothing voice but Rachel was getting uneasy. She considered the possibility that this guy could be a crazy psycho that had nothing to do with the old lady.

"Give me a break. Who are you suppose to be? Count Dracula? You have your coffin and everything," Rachel asked, trying to disguise her nervousness.

"You can call me Lestat. What is your name?" the man answered, stepping even closer.

"Hey! That's close enough buddy. I know how to defend myself," Rachel said defiantly.

"Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you," Lestat said.

Suddenly, the creepy man jumped forward with incredible speed and grabbed Rachel's arms. Her lantern fell noisily to the ground. 

"What? Let go off me!" Rachel demanded.

She began to panic. Lestat was staring at her with wide, reddish eyes. They looked so unreal. Rachel tried to call for help but her voice choked in her throat.

The man in front of her was scary as hell but when she tried to look away she found that she couldn't. Rachel felt a chill running across her back and up into her head.

"No... Help..." she babbled. 

A strange dizziness soon clouded Rachel's mind. She couldn't understand what was happening to her. Her thoughts became disjointed and she was unable to form a coherent idea. She could almost feel the man's will taking over her brain and pushing everything aside. 

"Yes, my dear. Give yourself to me."

Rachel could hear his voice but his lips weren't moving. It was impossible.

The man's eyes were so magnetic, so alluring. They were speaking to her. Telling Rachel to relax, to stop resisting; everything was going to be fine. She just had to comply. To let him guide her through the fogginess that filled her head. 

Rachel's face and body slowly became limp and submissive. Her eyes remained fixed on his, letting an unrelenting power of dominance filter into her helpless mind.

Lestat released her arm, certain that Rachel was now under his control. 

"Now and for all eternity, you belong to me!" Lestat said.

"Yes... " Rachel responded.

"Show me your body," Lestat ordered, testing her obedience.

"Yes..." Rachel grabbed her top and pulled it down, showing her rounded breasts to her Master.

"You will do just me, my dear. Kneel before me!" Lestat ordered.

"I kneel..."

With absolute obedience, Rachel knelt down, never taking her eyes off his. Lestat's cock was already growing from the excitement of having such a beautiful new bride.

"Now, suck me. In a moment, I will suck you in a way you will never forget," Lestat said with a grin on his face.

"Yes..."

Rachel leaned forward with an empty mind and a hungry mouth, ready to please her new Master. She projected the tip of her tongue, delicately touching his fully erect phallus.

Lestat grabbed the back of Rachel's head and pulled her violently. His cock smashed the bottom of her throat and beyond, lodging his entire meat deep inside of her. He kept her like that for a moment before pulling it out, just to shove it forcefully back in. 

Lestat fucked her face for several minutes while she complied without a single flinch. 

Rachel's hands rested on her lap while her head bobbed back and forth and her lips wrapped around the vampire's phallus.

When Lestat had enough fun, rejoicing on his own undefeatable mind controlling powers, he decided it was time to feed.

"Now is my turn, stand up and remove your clothes!" Lestat ordered.

Rachel removed her clothes quickly and stood before the vampire. She felt undeniably aroused for reasons her mesmerized mind could not understand. Lestat looked straight into her eyes, reinforcing her submissiveness as he opened his mouth wide, showing his sharp, long fangs. 

Rachel remained immobile while he stepped forward and bit her neck!

Lestat had waited many years for this and Rachel's blood tasted overwhelmingly delicious. He grunted as the savor of the sweet, warm nectar flowed from her pulsating veins into his ravenous body. 

Rachel gasped from the searing, momentary pain as his fangs pierced through her soft skin but at the same time her pussy jolted hard and her legs trembled from the excitement of feeding him, her Master.

Just a few seconds later the pain was gone, replace by a pleasurable feeling of fulfillment and satisfaction. Her eyes rolled back as overpowering arousal reached every cell of her body. Every heartbeat meant an ounce of blood drained from Rachel's body and with every heartbeat her pussy twitched harder, making it impossible to resist. She wanted him to take her completely.

When Lestat sucked one pint of the sexy woman's blood, he threw his head back, feeling the darkest energy spark within the center of his undead body. His true self was coming alive again and was urging to get out!

The transformation was unavoidable. His true image emerged replacing the human form; a tall, thin, humanoid figure with wolf eyes, bat ears and enormous fangs. He was now ready to take everything that belonged to him!

The bloodthirsty monster grabbed Rachel's submissive body with his clawed hands and turned her around, facing away from him. He had a new toy and he wanted to play with it. Lestat was going to finish what he started moments before, his cock already growing to twice the size.

Lestart forced Rachel to bend forward and shoved his massive, cold phallus deep into her pussy.

"Ahhh..." 

The entranced woman moaned loud as her silky, curvaceous body stretched to take it in completely. Even within her mesmerized state, Rachel felt his fat member penetrate her deeper than she thought possible. 

Lestat fucked her lubricated pussy hard and fast, reaching all the way to her womb every time, shaking her entire body from head to toe. 

Without retrieving his cock, Lestat lifted Rachel like a ragdoll and sank his huge fangs in her veins once more, draining her warm blood even faster than before. Rachel grunted and shuddered within his grip as her skin turned paler every passing second.

***

The inhuman creature fucked Rachel for a long time, smashing his cock deep into her pussy and bringing her closer to an inevitable orgasm. Lestat would ravish her for as long as there was an ounce of blood flowing through her body and there was still plenty of it...

Without removing his phallus, Lestat turned her over again and leaned forward to sink his teeth into her left breast. Rachel's heart was pumping the remnants of her blood with full force, making it easier for him to suck it into his starving body. 

For a second, Rachel imagined that delicious red blood gushing everywhere and suddenly she felt hungry too. 

Lestat pinned Rachel's pale body against the wall and increased the pace. He knew her climax was near and her fate would be sealed forever.

Rachel could almost feel her soul escaping from her burning body and yet she wanted him to keep fucking her. She wrapped her legs around his rugged form pulling him closer.

Her pussy contracted tightly around his cock as his fangs sank deep into her neck for the last time. The pleasure she felt was unbearable and somehow she knew that her impending orgasm was going to be devastating, putting an end to her previous, unrewarding life.

Lestat shoved his cock as deep as he could while his balls shuddered just before the inevitable release.

Rachel writhed and jolted reaching a powerful climax at the same moment that Lestat discharged a huge load of cum into her blood-drained body. Her leg stretched out and trembled rapidly while her arms reached out into nothing, as an orgasmic farewell to her previous existence...

It was done. The last drop of blood had been drained from her trembling body and this mind-blowing orgasm marked the start of a new beginning. 

Rachel stared into nothing as her last traces of human life vanished in the darkness. The receding spasms in her pussy slowly gave way to an unnatural hunger for blood.

Lestat let her feeble, quivering body slide lifelessly to the stone floor.

"Yes my dear. Let my essence spread within your body and you will be my bride forever."

***

Back in the castle's studio, the girls started wondering about Rachel...

"Don't you think Rachel is taking too long? Maybe we should see if she is ok," Brooke said.

"If she doesn't come back in five minutes, we'll organize a search expedition," Madison responded.

At that moment, Rachel walked silently into the room. None of her former friends noticed her until she spoke...

"Are you talking about me?" Rachel asked with a serious tone.

"Holy crap!" Claire exclaimed as she looked at Rachel's nude body.

"Rachel! Why are you naked?!" Madison asked.

The girls stood up and gathered around Rachel trying to figure out what was going on, unaware that a menacing shadow was moving behind them...

"That's the best Halloween costume I've ever seen! Did you use powder on your whole body? You look so pale!" Claire said excitedly.

"Awesome!" Madison said.

"You... you look like death," Brooke added with a nervous voice.

A loud, ghostly growl made the young friends feel a chill in their guts. They all turned around at the same time to look at Lestat moving closer to them from behind. He swiftly grabbed Brooke's dress, eager to get her naked and get a taste of her warm blood.

"Ahhhh!!" Brooke screamed in panic.

"What the fuck?!!" Claire yelled.

"What the hell is that?" Madison asked at the same time.

The vampire ripped Brooke's dress off as the scared woman stepped back and managed to break free. They all started to run as fast as they could but Rachel blocked Madison's attempt to flee and firmly grabbed her arm.

"Why don't you stay here? You are really going to enjoy it," Rachel said calmly.

"Run Madison!" Claire screamed as she ran behind Brooke into the hall.

Trapped between Rachel and the creature, Madison tried to make sense of what was happening, "Rachel! Please tell me that this is a joke... that this is not real."

"This is very real. You will see that in a moment," Rachel responded showing no emotion.

"Welcome to my home, precious thing," Lestat said with a raspy voice.

Madison turned her head to see the dreadful vampire reach out to her. She screamed as he ripped her dress completely off her body.

Lestat grabbed Madison's slim waist with both hands and lifted her from the ground, offering the scared woman's blood to Rachel, his new bride.

"Do you want a test of her? Go ahead my darling... bite her!" He said.

"Rachel, stop this!!" Madison pleaded to her friend.

"Yes... I want her!" Rachel said, looking fixedly at Madison's eyes.

Madison looked down at Rachel's mad eyes, realizing with true terror that this was real, unbelievably real. The woman staring back at her resembled her old friend but she was a different person, a different creature!

"No Rachel! Don't do it!" Madison cried.

Rachel swiftly leaned forward stabbing her new fangs into Madison's crotch. The blood began to flow into Rachel's body and her pussy twitched from absolute pleasure. She visualized Madison on her bed, moaning lustily between her arms, embracing the secret relationship they used to have in the past. Today, they would become lovers again and it would last until the end of time.

Madison was almost in shock. She still wanted to believe that none of this was true but the painful bite was proving her wrong. She suddenly felt Rachel's tongue reaching into her pussy and her nipples swelled involuntarily. The soreness weakened rapidly along with her inner strength. 

"Yes! Eat her!" Lestat exclaimed. His harem was getting bigger.

***

Claire and Brooke ran like hell through a maze of halls until they found a door that promised a way out. There was a large bolt keeping it closed but they managed to open it and move inside. They walked in the shadows down a stairway and ended up in a dark basement that seemed to lead nowhere.

"I think this is a dead end. We should go back and try a different way," Brooke said catching her breath.

"Wait. There could be a maintenance door in here. Let me take a look," Claire responded.

Claire found a torch by the door. The intensifying light showed an ample, wrecked room but no doors. 

"You are right. This is some kind of dungeon," Claire said, "Do you realize that this could be just another prank from Rachel? Maybe she and Mady are laughing at us right now." 

Brooke did not respond. She was frozen in place with her eyes wide open staring at something behind Madison...

"Brooke? What's wrong?"

It was an enormous humanoid with a thick, brown fur covering its massive body. A werewolf! 

"Oh my God! Oh my God! Nooo!" Claire screamed as she turned around.

The large beast smelled the alluring scent of the females even before they entered the room. He lurked in the shadows until there were within reach and charged on Claire with only one thing on his mind. He grabbed Claire and used his sharp claws to tear off her clothes.

Brooke couldn't move from sheer terror.

The werewolf dragged Claire to a clear area among the rubble of the dirty ground while Brooke slowly stepped back and crawled into a fetal position near the stone wall. She couldn't even dare to look at the hairy beast and her struggling friend.

"Please don't kill me!" Claire cried.

The excited creature pushed Claire's legs wide open while he positioned his enlarging cock against her pussy. It was then when Claire realized that the monster wasn't going to eat her... at least not yet.

 "Oh my God! I think he wants to fuck me!"  Claire thought.

Claire felt the enormous rod splitting her pussy lips apart and slide fiercely through her tight cavity all the way to the bottom. Then the werewolf started to pump her so fast that she was barely able to breathe between high pitched squeals.

"Ahh Ahh Ahh..."

The beast pulled her up and forced her to sit on his lap. He easily lifted her slim body in the air and smashed her down onto his cock over and over. He knew that the time he had was limited and he was going to make the best of it. It had been so long since he fucked a woman.

Brooke, trembling like a leaf, was still afraid to look but she could clearly hear the squishy sounds of the werewolf cock penetrating deep into Claire's pussy. In other circumstances, Brooke would have sworn that Claire was having sex with a long time lover by the sound of her moans.

After several minutes of unearthly ravishing, Claire caught herself enjoying the situation. The hideous beast was oddly skillful while fucking her, as if he had done this before hundreds of times and he was deliberately trying to make her feel good. 

"What is wrong with you? You can't enjoy this..." Claire reproached herself.

A scary growl in the distance indicated to the werewolf that he was running out of time. Claire's arousing reverie cleared immediately from her head and she screamed out loud still trying to protect Brooke. 
