 Rosalie's heavy breaths caught in her throat as she ran full pelt through the graveyard. She could feel the cold grass on her bare feet, and the night air rushing past her flushed face. She looked behind her in fear, just for a moment, to see the beast closing in behind her. 

She couldn't make out much in the darkness, but it was a terrifying sight. A huge wolf-like beast looming over 7ft tall, with broad shoulders and long muscular limbs. Its fur was deep black, and she could see glinting eyes and sharp teeth in a face which was contorted in a snarl. Its arms were more like those of a human man, but bristling with fur, and its paws had long extended claws, almost like fingers. It ran with a bounding pace, sometimes upright on two legs; sometimes on four. This couldn't be a normal wolf. What was it? 

She gasped - it was quickly gaining ground on her!

She tried to run faster but her heavy Victorian clothing was slowing her down. She could feel her tight boned corset restricting her breathing, and she had layers of blooming petticoats and skirts dragging on the ground and catching her feet with almost every stride. 

In terror she realised that it was now so close that she could hear its heavy breathing and growls in the silence of the graveyard. Sobbing and panting, Rosalie made a break for a wood that she could see ahead of them. Maybe she could hide? 

But it was no use - as she neared the trees her foot caught once again in her skirts and she fell with a thud to the ground. All too quickly she was laid flat on her stomach, with the cold grass against her fingers. 

Knowing it had caught its prey, she could hear the creature slow its pace and pad close behind her. She didn't dare to move or turn around, preparing herself for the feeling of sharp teeth and claws ripping into her pale flesh. 

Pant. Pant. The creature moved forward over her until she could glimpse a huge paw beside her shoulder. It was right on top of her! She felt the warmth of its breath closer and closer to her face, and a tear ran slowly down her cheek and onto the grass. 

Suddenly, she felt a huge furry arm thrust underneath her waist roughly, and pull upwards. She gasped in terror... but no claws dug in. The creature effortlessly lifted her until she was on her hands and knees. What was it doing? 

The next move was just as sudden; its claws ripped savagely through her skirts until they lay in tatters on the grass, leaving her with only white bloomers covering her bottom half. 

Her cheeks flushed even more, this time in embarrassment. No one apart from her maid servant had seen her with so few clothes on, let alone in such an obscene position! She felt like nothing more than a wild animal herself. 

Her thoughts were interrupted by the feeling of the creature's hot breath, this time against the thin fabric of her bloomers. What was he so interested in? With horror she realised his face was near that place... that place between her legs. 

The creature used its claws to rip through the fabric of her bloomers and tear it apart until - oh dear god, she felt the night air on her bare flesh! 

She kept her eyes tightly closed, but now she could not ignore the heat of the creature's breath between her legs. An eternity seemed to pass. 

'It's looking right at me there, isn't it... its eyes are focussed right there.' 

Even Rosalie herself had never acted on her curiosity to look down there. It was shameful, un-Christian, to think about such a place. Although, when she sometimes wondered about what her duties would be to her future husband, she had felt a strange feeling there; a rising heat, a wetness. She had tried to ignore the thoughts and busy herself with her household obligations. 

But now, she was feeling it again. The sensation of heat from the creature's mouth was tantalising, even through her fear. She felt so exposed, so helpless against its desires. She feared what was coming next, but at the same time, she was so so curious.  

Suddenly, she felt a moist sensation against her most sensitive flesh. The creature's tongue! It parted her outer folds and lapped at her, up and down in long strokes, the rough texture dragging again and again and... ohhhhh... it felt...incredible. 

With every long, languorous lap, the delightful heat rose more and more in her belly. She realised in shock that juice was leaking out of her most private place, and as soon as it leaked, the creature licked it up like it was desperate to drink. He let out a deep growl which vibrated through her. 

Her legs began to quiver, and a moan escaped from her lips. She felt her nipples harden against her tight bodice, and she pushed her hips back against the creature's tongue. How could she be enjoying this obscene act? Was she a wild animal, just like him? 

Him... was he a man, or a beast? She wasn't sure, but undoubtedly, he had her under his control. 

Feelings that she had never felt before were rising, intensifying, until she could hardly bear them. Something was close, some incredible feeling she had to reach, just a little more - but then! Just then, the sensations abruptly stopped. Frustrated, she looked over her shoulder at him, to see him rising up from a crouch to loom over her. His eyes were fixed on her face. Dark, deep eyes which reflected the moonlight. Her gaze moved downwards over his broad torso and she gasped in shock - what was that thing between his legs? 

It was huge, around 9 inches long, and thick with a bulbous bulge at its head. Its deep pink colour stood out against the black fur of his belly. It stood straight out, and curved upwards. As he panted and growled, the thing twitched and throbbed as if it had a mind of its own. She could see a thick clear liquid dripping steadily from the tip onto the grass, glinting in the moonlight. 

She didn't quite understand what she was seeing, but she knew that she wanted that thing inside her, and she knew that he wanted it as well. She pressed her face against the ground and raised her hips. How could she show him what she needed? She bucked her hips backward and swayed them from side to side, feeling her buttocks bouncing, and her lips down below spread and wet. 

She let out a breathy moan, high and desperate.

She would soon get her wish. With a growl, the creature hunched over her, his huge size dwarfing her trembling body. His heavy paws rested on either side of her until she felt enveloped by his strength. 

'Grrrrrr', he growled again, deep and long. She almost felt that she could sense his emotions in the sound. What was he thinking? 

Finally, she felt the hot hardness of his thing against her entrance. For a moment, it pushed in slowly; sending shockwaves through her body. She could feel her entrance stretching with trouble to accommodate its thickness. 

Then, bam! He thrust it all the way in one stroke. She felt like he had split her open. She wasn't sure if she felt pain or pleasure, delight or terror, but his heat was coursing through her belly, and her opening was leaking more and more. 

He began to thrust frantically like the animal he was, his body hulking over her, muscles coursing and tensing beneath thick fur. His growl was low and loud and constant. His thing moved savagely within her, sending waves of unbelievable sensation through her body. She could feel the bulbous head pressing against her deep inside with every movement. 

Her moans and gasps had turned to screams of pleasure, which rang out through the dark night. Her lips hung open, eyes half closed, giving into the onslaught. His rough fur hit against her buttocks again and again, and with every thrust she felt her mind going blank. 

She was an animal. Just a wild animal now, and he was her master. His thing was hitting her deep inside, and she felt the feeling rising again. She bucked her hips back to meet his and grasped her breasts in her hands, sobbing and screaming as she felt pleasure she never could have imagined. 

His thrusts were relentless, and his thing was so huge she didn't know if she could bear it. Something was coming, something was coming, and aaaggggghhhhhh! She felt a crescendo of pleasure, like a wave breaking at the seaside, like a firecracker in the dark, like her body was exploding...

She shuddered and tensed beneath him, and then collapsed, limp on the ground. The grass was cool against her cheek and she let out a long breath, eyes closed.

But he hadn't stopped. Even as she went limp, his pace increased, hot inside her. She felt his thing get even bigger, and his growls were loud and savage. It was twitching and throbbing with such intensity as it moved inside again and again and then his hips suddenly pressed tightly against hers so that he was as deep as he could go, filling her up completely, stretching her wide, and a thick burst of hot liquid erupted inside her. 

She felt the heat pervading everywhere, making her head spin all over again, and she cried out just as he raised his muzzle to the sky and howled. It echoed through the graveyard, through the trees and far away into the night. 

She felt his warm body pressed against her back for a few seconds until he slowly withdrew his thing. She turned her face to him as he gave her one last long look with his dark eyes. Then he turned his back and loped away into the darkness, his paws thudding heavily against the ground, his panting now quiet and steady. 

Shaking, she rolled onto her back and lay still, looking up at the twinkling stars. She felt his hot liquid spilling out between her legs, and it was almost as if she still felt the presence of his thing inside her, with her insides still spasming and her heartbeat finally starting to slow its frantic pace. 

She turned her head lazily to the side to gaze into the woods where he had disappeared moments ago. 

'I will find you. I will be a wild animal once again.'