 Ethan opened his eyes and then closed them. He was face to face with a group of women. They all wore different shades of red, black, and green. There were candles everywhere and he noticed he was in the main eating area of the inn. He also felt a cool breeze and when he looked down, he saw was completely naked.

He opened his mouth to say something, but just at this moment, Cassie entered the room. She was wearing a red and black dress, similar to the other women. They were talking and he tried to hear what they were saying. He gasped when he heard what was going to happen. He made eye contact with Cassie and knew that it was she. She had the same petrified look that she had when they had been in a car accident over two years ago. It was the same look when she was told that her mother had cancer and wouldn't last two months.

"He's not a virgin."

Ethan blinked. Why was she lying? What did she know that he didn't? What was going on? His mind was racing and he could barely keep up with it. He remembered being in the library with Jackson and Cassie. He remembered Cassie falling asleep in the chair and then the power going out. Jackson and he had made their way to the cabins, but then he had lost consciousness. The next thing he knew he was tied up to this wooden chair surrounded by a coven of witches.

"How do you know? We can tell." The woman had been at the desk when they had checked in.

"We had sex a few years ago on a dare. We weren't dating at the time. We wanted to be each other's first. Even Jackson doesn't know. He thinks he was my first. Ethan isn't a virgin. It won't complete the requirements." Cassie was talking very slowly and very calmly. Ethan kept his eyes on her.

"Then having sexual intercourse will not fulfill the ritual then, will it?" The woman was rude and condescending. Cassie was stuck. She was lying, but it was the only thing she could do. The book said that she was to have sex with a young virgin and that would complete the requirements. The book would begin again, history would be repeated, and the witches would keep Cedar Tree Resort.

"Yes."

"We shall leave. It is sweet that you are concerned for your friend's well being but he is indeed a virgin and you will have sexual intercourse with him." Delilah along with the other witches left the room in single file, leaving Cassie alone with Ethan. She quickly pulled up her dress and climbed into his lap.

"Listen. Don't talk. Listen. The book writes itself as history occurs. You're supposed to die after I have sex with you. This resort, or whatever you want to call it, is built on a cemetery. They need a virgin to sacrifice every few years on Halloween otherwise the dead will not be at rest. They know me. They know you. They know Jackson. Jackson and I had sex last night so they knew he wasn't a virgin and neither was I."

"Where is Jackson?"

"Dead. He was seduced by a ghost and drowned in the lake."

"How do you know that?"

"It was in the book." 

"We need to get out of here."

"I know Ethan. I wish we had had sex when we were dating. Damn it." Cassie was crying quietly. Ethan wanted to wrap his arms around her and hold her tight, but couldn't. Cassie realized this and began to untie him.

"What are they going to do if we don't have sex?" Ethan was pleading with Cassie as her small hands fumbled to loosen the rope.

Cassie didn't answer at first. Then finally she blurted out. "I don't know."

"Come on Cassie. Go get the book and find out."

Cassie nodded and slid off Ethan. She didn't want to leave him alone, but they needed to know more. He kept his hands behind his back so if one of the witches returned he would still look tied up.

Cassie flew out of the room and into the main foyer.

"I need the book. Please. He wants to know what happens after we have sex."

Delilah grinned. She looked so sweet and innocent when she had checked them in last night, but now she was a different person altogether.

"Yes dear. It is right here. We were reading it as it has been written. Chapter thirteen is what you need."

Cassie snatched the book and ran back into the main room. Ethan was still sitting in the chair and was relieved when he saw that it was Cassie returning and not one of the creepy witches.

"I got it."' Cassie sat back down on his lap and opened the book to chapter thirteen. She began to read.

"The requirements are simple yet difficult to comply with. In past years, the ritual has only not occurred twice. In one instance, the resort became haunted and the small town around the resort was left vacant. To this day, few people live in and around Regent Falls. In 1958, a situation arose where the head witch made a glaring mistake in picking someone who was not a virgin. The young man was left for dead in the dungeons."

"You got to be fucking kidding me. Give me that book." Ethan grabbed the book and flipped through. He scanned quickly until he got to the last page. Right in front of him on the blank page words were appearing, exactly as what was enfolding.

"Find out what happens if we have sex and you are a virgin."

"What do you mean if I'm a virgin? I am. Don't remind me. The closest I ever got was all those blowjob you gave me. Tell me what happens."

Cassie flipped through the book. Her heart was beating fast. She had read this part already and didn't want him to know. She found the part.

"When the virgin experiences sex for the first time the ritual will be complete. The act must occur as close to All Hallows Eve as possible. The book will be rewritten and history will repeat itself. The virgin will die a quick death, as he will give his life to those that are dead."

Cassie bit her lip hard to hold back tears. It was her fault he was in this situation and she really did hate it. She waited for Ethan to respond.

"Make love to me. It's the only way you can escape."