 Cassie blinked and tried to understand what Ethan had just said. Was he really telling her to take his virginity? She had just read the book. It was clear that he would die.

"No. I can't."

"Cassie listen to me. Just do it and then you can escape. You can go into town and get the police. You can tell people about what happened. You can warn others."

Cassie nodded. This was not how she imagined her first time with Ethan, but based on the circumstances, she didn't have much choice.

She kissed him hard on the lips. It was a passionate kiss, but also very aggressive. She hated what she was about to do, but there was no choice. He was just going to argue with her and there was a coven of witches outside the door.

"I hate that I have to do this." Cassie whimpered and reached under her to slide her panties to the side. Ethan wasn't tied up anymore and was fumbling with the zipper of his pants. He pulled his semi-hard cock out of his pants and began to stroke.

"I love you. More than Jackson ever will. I know you don't love me. I'm the geek, he's the jock. Pretty girls never go for the geeks." Ethan looked at Cassie.

"I'm sorry." Cassie reached down and helped him stroke his cock. He began to get hard and when he was hard enough she slipped him inside her. He was thicker than Jackson, but not as long. She pushed down gently, waiting for his reaction.

"It feels good."

Cassie nodded and lifted herself up and down on his cock. The old wooden chair was creaking and she loved the feeling of him inside her. She hadn't expected to enjoy this. She knew the consequences if she didn't follow through with this. She hated herself for enjoying this but at the same time she realized that Ethan could tell she was enjoying it and this would make his first, and last time, easier for him.

Ethan was looking around at all the candles, breathing hard. His cock was getting soft. He was getting scared. He would do anything for Cassie. She was the most important person in his life and if she had told him to run in front of traffic he would. Of course what she was asking him to do had the same result, death.

"Look at me. It's only us." Cassie held his face in her hands and continued to fuck his cock. He hardened inside her and she continued moving. The chair creaked each time she slid down onto his cock. Her panties were pushed to the side, but the lace was still rubbing against her clit and his balls.

"I'm close. Fuck. I wanted this to last longer. Damn it." Ethan gritted his teeth and grabbed her hips, trying to slow her down.

Her pussy felt good. It felt tight, wet, and so much better than his hand ever would. He closed his eyes and imagined they were in his room at school. This was the dream he had all the time. He wanted to lose his virginity to her, but wanted it in a happier situation.

Cassie saw that his eyes were closed. She glanced behind him and saw the lake. It was perfectly still, like a mirror. Floating on the top was a body. Cassie knew that it was Jackson. He had succumbed to one of the unhappy ghosts.

"Ethan cum. Please."

Ethan grunted and began to cum. He had been holding back for a few minutes and now had relaxed completely, exploding inside her. Cassie knew exactly what was going to happen to him. She had read it in the book.

"What's happening to me?" Ethan was shivering. He felt this wave of coldness sweep over him. Cassie slid off him and fixed her dress. He tried to stand up, but couldn't. At some point, she had retied his hands to the chair. His legs were tied as well.

"Cassie? Tell me. I thought this was a joke."

Cassie shook her head. Tears were rolling down her face and she stepped back more. Just as she opened her mouth to say something the witches rushed back in. They circled Ethan and watched in joy as his life was literally sucked out of him. Cassie could see wisps of fog rise from the floor. It engulfed Ethan as his shivering stopped. He was completely limp in the chair, his head hanging to the side. Cassie knew that his life was taken and given to the ghosts that resided at the resort. They would be content for a few more years.

The head witch, Delilah, stood over Ethan and chanted a few words. She closed her eyes and held the diary that Cassie had been given in her right hand. She opened the book and it was blank. The ritual had worked.

The witches smiled and hugged each other. Delilah walked over to Cassie.

"Thank you dear. You played the part very well. The diary is blank meaning that all is well. The ghosts will remain on their side of the universe and I can continue running this resort without worrying about ghosts bothering the guests. I am sorry that your other friend encountered Victoria. I'm sure you saw him floating in the lake. She can be quite aggressive when she wants. It's for the best. He wouldn't be allowed out alive anyway."

"Fine. I did what you asked. I brought you a virgin. You said if I did you'd give me enough money to pay off my father's debts and give me enough for university."

"Yes we did. There is one problem of course."

"What's that?"

"We didn't really mean that."