 Torches flanked the hollowed-out chamber deep underground. A large stage shaped like a crescent moon ended abruptly, its gradual slope of steps leading to a wide open space with enough cushioned seating for several hundred people. A crystal chandelier twinkled coyly in the torchlight, perched above the proceedings in all its decadent splendor. 

A tall man strode out, his features slim but muscular. A scar marred his left cheek, only slight, a thin white line barely discernible. He had storm cloud gray eyes and a hawk-like nose. His eyes swept the room of naked attendants, all members of the Cult of Raeikos. 

He spread his arms wide. "Welcome, brothers and sisters. We have a special show for you tonight. Fresh blood from the world above. Let us sacrifice to our Demon King Raeikos, and he shall bless us in return, shall he not?"

The thunder of applause and assents readily filled the man's ears. 

Two black-uniformed guards came from behind the curtains near the back of the stage. Between them they dragged a young woman, busty with raven-black hair. She was beautifully curved, her skin pale in the torchlight. She had a somewhat rugged nose which gave her the air of a take-charge woman, but the courage in her heart clearly wavered as she saw the two hundred plus people ogling her on the stage. 

"What's your name, bitch?"

"Arianna." She trembled

She was completely naked, bare to all who saw her. Her exposed pussy had been shaved, specially prepared for this night. Her gaze locked onto the man apparently in charge here, and she opened her mouth to express a plea. Before she could he was already speaking. 

"You can call me Zash. I am the Master of Ceremonies and Rites." The tall man was equally naked, his cock dangling free. It was a long, vein-covered shaft, and it stood firm and erect as Arianna gaped at it. 

Zash strode closer to the girl. Her wrists were shackled behind her back in black-leather bracelets. He traced a finger to outline her labia, then traced a line up and down her clit as his mouth came close to one of her ears. 

"Are you frightened, Arianna? Mmm...I can taste your fear. How delicious." He stood back and roared to the crowd.

"Can you taste and smell this cunt's fear?" The crowd cried out variations of yes, among other affirmations. Zash turned back to Arianna.

"Please Sir, let me go." Arianna's pleading gaze was unable to melt the flinty chill in Zash's eyes. Instead he leaned over again, stroking her clit as his free hand gently cupped and felt up her ass. She shivered at his every touch.

"SSHHH, little cunt. You have nothing to fear from me. Behave yourself now, be a good girl. It's all you can do...just play your part in this ceremony, and who knows, you might even live!" As he said those awful words Arianna thought to herself 'Oh god, I better please these sick, twisted people!' She tried and couldn't remember how she had gotten here. She was a porn actress and had been on her way to a shoot when her tire had blown out. She had stopped and a kind stranger had pulled over to help her. From there things got fuzzy. 

"Where am I?" 

Zash grasped her by the throat and gave her a savage kiss, his tongue invading her mouth. "Does it matter, bitch?" 

The stage was set up with a variety of beds, sex-play furniture, and hanging chains with leather bracelets attached to each. Zash carefully unlocked Arianna's cuffs with the key one of the guards handed him. 

"Thank you Sir." No sooner had Arianna thanked him, though, and Zash was already snapping a pair of dangling bracelets around her wrists, keeping her arms suspended above her. He walked around behind her now, his hands groping her buttocks at first and then suddenly sliding across her breasts, massaging and squeezing them until she moaned.

"Please, not so hard Sir." 

"Let the first phase of the ceremony begin!" he shouted to the crowd, ignoring her plea. He walked back around in front of her and knelt between her legs, spreading her creamy thighs as his mouth pressed between them. He nipped lightly on her clit, then tongued the insides of her cunt as his hands made teasing traces along her sex. Arianna huffed, her body immediately warming. 'No!' she thought. This was beyond degrading. She was too aware of all the people watching her. 

She groaned as Zash's tongue probed deeper, grazing her insides as his hands reached up to tweak her nipples. Arianna squirmed as two guards came to join the action, each of them pressing a mouth to one of her nipples to suck fervently on the little pink buds. 

"S-Stop please!" Arianna begged. Her body was starting to respond, juices beginning to trickle as Zash's tongue was joined by two stiff fingers pumping in and out of her snatch in firm, agonizing strokes. 

"MMmmm...you're getting so wet, bitch. I can SMELL your heavenly arousal." He kept licking, sucking, and nipping at her clitoris as his fingers did their work, plunging cruelly between her legs again and again. The big-breasted brunette writhed in her bonds, her moans echoing in the huge chamber as the guards continued to feast on her tits. 

"MMmm...you taste so fucking GOOD," Zash sighed. "Pity you won't live very long." Arianna tried to make sense of that last part, her heart rate spiking even as lust pooled between her thighs. She bucked into his face, her pussy needy, hot and burning. She felt her loins racing toward orgasm. Her juices streamed faster onto the tall man's tongue. The sound of Zash lapping at her sex was now joined by the squelchy-wet sounds of his fingers penetrating her more swiftly, deeper thrusts, and with each thrust the busty young porn actress began to clench her cunt muscles around those same fingers. 

"Do you like it bitch? Tell me how much you love this pleasure I'm giving you," Zash said. His tongue whirled tightly around Arianna's clitoral nub, then stabbed at it with swift strokes using the tongue's tip as Zash's fingers plunged in a swift blur between her labia, grazing her G-spot as they rammed to her very depths. 

Arianna whimpered. "Yes Sir! Oh god...please, you shouldn't. Don't do this to me in front of all of these peo- uuuhhhh...oh god, please."

"Do you love it, bitch? The pleasure I'm giving you, my fingers buried in your tight, wet PUSSY? Hmm?" As he said the words he plunged his fingers yet deeper, added by a third digit, and it sent her over the edge when he lightly bit her clit between his teeth.

The big-breasted woman squealed as the orgasm coursed through her. Her legs buckled as she squirted violently in the man's face. "OH GOD NO!!" she moaned, her cunt convulsing on the man's fingers, squeezing them desperately as if she were milking a man's cock. The panting girl was finally aware of Zash standing up and withdrawing his fingers as her cunt struggled to recover from the aftershocks of her intense climax. The guards withdrew as well. Zash idly licked the cunt cream from his fingertips and then nodded toward someone unseen. 

He turned once more to the crowd. "Let the main phase of the Pleasure Rites begin!" 

"What? What are you talking about?" Arianna demanded. The big-breasted beauty had time to turn to see something which made her eyes bulge in disbelief. The curtains at the back of the stage swept aside as a nearly 7 foot tall inhuman thing strode forward. It had red, scale-covered skin and although its face looked remarkably human it was adorned with two horns that spiraled straight upward. Its most unsettling trait was the pure gold of its eyes, which had no irises. 

The young porn actress opened her mouth to scream but the demon muffled her cry with the palm of one hand.

The demon lord towered in front of her, his cock lifting until it glistened like a spear in the torchlight. It had to be 11 or 12 inches, and covered in dark, pulsating veins. He opened his mouth to speak, and his voice came in a deep, intimidating rumble. 

"Thank you for the gift, my children!" He addressed the audience, and in turn the naked men and women chanted his name. 

"Raeikos! Raeikos! Raeikos!" After a few minutes of this the demon lord held up his other hand for silence, and then he turned to Arianna.

"What, what are you doing? Oh god, what ARE you?" The black-haired girl could only squirm in her bounds and try to move her legs, but the demon was too fast. He gripped her legs, holding them to either side as he lined up his cock at the entrance to her pussy. Without preamble or gentleness he punch his cock between her dripping-wet cunt lips, slamming his cock home in one brutal stroke. 

Arianna squealed as the cock filled her so suddenly, his manhood driving into her like a jackhammer as he proceeded to fuck her brutally. Arianna's hands clenched as she gritted her teeth and felt her pussy stretch to accommodate the demon's penis. She couldn't believe this was happening to her. This was like the ultimate nightmare, except she knew without a doubt it was real. She clenched her teeth and groaned as the long, rigid shaft pounded her pussy so hard, like a battering ram. With each powerful thrust, Raeikos hit her G-spot and sent quivering sensations along the walls of her cunt which soon blossomed everywhere in her young body.

Before long the attractive brunette was cooing, her jaw slack as she looked down helplessly and watched the demon lord spearing his cock ruthlessly between her legs. Each time the bulbous head of Raeikos' shaft spread her petal-like labia and plunged in deep, she moaned more plaintively, her snatch creaming up with arousal the faster the demon fucked her. 

'This is so wrong. Oh god...oh FUCK,' she thought. Before long she realized that a strange, almost unworldly force of lust, of NEED, thrummed through her entire being, radiating outward from her cunt. The big-breasted girl wiggled her ass and shoved her pussy forward to help impale herself on that demonic cock. Raeikos continued his brisk pace, his hands clutching her beautifully shaped butt cheeks as he pummeled her wet pussy like the depraved monster he definitely was. 

"Ohhhhh... fuck me, please. Fuck this pussy so hard. I want you so deep inside me," Arianna cooed, unable to stop the words pouring out of her mouth. "Fuck me so ROUGH. I need to feel every inch of your cock inside me. Fuck me like a monster until your cock rams past my cervix, fuck!" she squealed, her nipples now hardened little buds as her aching breasts told the same story of arousal as the rest of her overstimulated body. She moaned louder, suddenly turned on by the knowledge of all the people watching her, no longer degraded or afraid. 

A small part of her knew that this was not the real Arianna - that the demon's powers or very presence was somehow manipulating her thoughts and emotions. She felt her pussy dripping on his cock, her juices flowing fast and furiously on that thick member as a long, sinuous tongue extended from his open maw and began licking the tops of her breasts. 

She had no time to be repulsed by the sight of that long, inhuman tongue. Suddenly Raeikos growled, thrusting inside her with such potent fucks that they sent her pussy spasming into oblivion. 

"Fuck, I'm cooommminnnnngg... Oh FUCK, your cock's so hard and deep in my pussy! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my tight pussy to death. Fuck it raw...Oh god yes. Ohhhh... Mmmm... comminnnggggg again UuuuooohhhhH!!" Arianna was babbling as multiple orgasms rocked through her, leaving her mind a sex-fogged wasteland as she felt herself spew sweet-smelling pussy cream onto the demon's magnificent penis. The demon seemed not to care, just continuing its blitzkrieg fuck-frenzy, his shaft driving deeper between her legs than ever before. 

Arianna looked down, aware of the tingling where his tongue twirled around each of her nipples. Her breasts were heated now, almost as if they were on fire. Her loins were almost numbed with the overstimulation of his pumping cock, and she marveled at the bulging muscles of his chest, abs, and biceps as he held her like a helpless doll. 

Then he growled, stiffening as his talons squeezed into the flesh of her ass cheeks, drawing blood. His cock erupted inside her, the cum spewing everywhere in her baby-making love hole. Except the feeling of this jism did not give the warm, heated pleasantness in her pussy that Arianna was used to feeling after a partner came. No, this scalding heat seemed to grow hotter and hotter until her whole body seemed alight, her pussy quivering with lust as she seemed on the verge of losing herself. 

Arianna screamed as she was granted a flash of understanding, realized that the demon's cum was somehow seeping into her veins, traveling throughout her young body, dissolving the bonds between her body and soul to its base essence as the demon absorbed her spirit into itself. The young brunette's eyes snapped open as she cried out, one last orgasm ricocheting through her gorgeous body as she gushed one more time on the demon's cock. Then she hung limply still, an empty, naked shell devoid of its soul.

Raeikos waited until the last delicious vestige of the female-human's essence was swallowed up. The after-taste of her remained on his palate, a rare delicacy he would never forget. The huge demon turned to its followers, and their thunderous acclaim filled the chamber, a crashing wave of sound like no other.

*****

The guards dragged a new girl onto the stage, a slender blonde with mesmerizing gray-blue eyes and impressive tits. Liliana had seen everything unfold as the guards had held her at the side of the stage and forced her to watch the demon's brutal coupling with Arianna. She'd seen the brunette suddenly go limp, not knowing if she was dead or had simply passed out or what. 

The sexy blonde looked fearfully at Arianna's dangling nakedness as the guards thrust her to her knees in front of Raeikos. 

His cock still glistened with Arianna's juices and his own. He pointed to her. "Lick my cock, human. Clean the other female's juices from it."

"Please, please don't fuck me. Oh god, what did you do to her?" Liliana noticed the lifeless look in Arianna's eyes. She didn't realize that the girl's very essence had been taken, although it was not too late - Arianna's soul could still be redeemed and returned to her mortal form. All Liliana knew was that something was horribly wrong. 

With little choice she obeyed, whimpering as her tongue began to lave up and down the gigantic penis. She tasted Arianna's juices and kept licking. When she twirled her tongue around the tip of the demon lord's penis, he groaned appreciatively and gathered her long, golden tresses back behind her neck, holding them in place so that she could suck him properly. Liliana put her lips over the tip of the demon's cock, her tongue working that tip, playfully skimming across his mons as she went down on him, her jaw muscles rippling furiously as the dent in her cheeks told of her zeal. 

"MMMmmm," the demon rumbled. He made a slight gesture toward Zash, who had been standing nearby viewing the progression of the Pleasure Rites. 

"You may penetrate this female's pussy now, if you so desire."

"As you will, Master! Your generosity abounds beyond measure," Zash replied, his words honey-sweet like a true sycophantic and slavish follower. He knelt behind Liliana's hips, pulling her knees back and forcing her to put her ass up in the air for him. He took a few moments to admire her exposed, pink pussy with the outline of those delicate lips. He spit a few generous globs of saliva inside her slit, then more onto his fingers, rubbing the saliva in her channel for lubrication. 

Liliana moaned as she anticipated what was coming. 'But I'd rather that psycho fuck me instead of this crazed demon. UUuhhh...god...the bastard.' Zash's fingers were plunging inside her sex, gently scraping against her cunt walls and creating bursts of sensation. 

Meanwhile Liliana forced her mouth down further on Raeikos' cock. She had still not taken all of that long, red shaft into her mouth. The demon's cock was velvety-smooth despite the scaled texture of the skin, and it smelled sweet like some kind of ripened fruit. 

The smell was intoxicating, and Liliana soon felt her insides melt with heat, arousal coiling through her young body. She too was a porn actress, her kidnapping circumstances different than Arianna's but just as enshrouded to her in foggy memory. 

She only knew her predicament in the here and now and hoped that there was some way she could please these cultists and simply survive. The lithesome blonde cradled Raeikos' cock with her tongue, pumping her mouth up and down as Zash positioned his raging erection behind her pussy, nudging the head between her cunt lips. Liliana moaned as the cock nudged between her labia, slowly filling her until Zash was balls-deep inside her, sheathed in her tight, moistening sex. Zash's hands glided across Liliana's shapely ass cheeks, admiring the look of her pussy stuffed full of his cock.

"UUhhhh. This one has such a sweet, tight young pussy. Thank you Master." Zash groaned as he began pumping his hips forward, his shaft plowing Liliana's insides. Liliana groaned, her cunt creaming up shamelessly on her captor's cock even as she felt Raeikos grasp her head and force her down further on his cock than she had been wanting to go. 

The sexy young blonde gurgled as the demon's cock rushed up to the back of her throat. She relaxed her throat muscles, trying to take him all in without choking. It worked, and she managed to hold her breath until the demon finally withdrew his raging shaft. Stringy tendrils of precum drifted from the blonde's lips as he pulled out with a POP. Liliana opened her mouth with a long, plaintive moan as she felt Zash's cock vanish inside her now sopping-wet cunt. 

She reached between her legs, fingering herself and stroking her pussy toward a frantic finish as Zash brutally fucked her. 

"When you are done spilling your seed in the horny slut, I will have her," Raeikos intoned. 

"No. Please!" Liliana begged. She had seen what had happened to Arianna. Terror threatened to grip her by the throat, but then it was shoved aside by the tidal wave of lust, Raeikos' aura emanating outward. The young blonde pleasured her clit in a blur of agile-moving fingers, feeling the nub engorging with arousal as she felt her gathering wetness coating Zash's shaft. 

Zash cupped Liliana's breasts for leverage, squeezing them as he yanked her back to encase his hungry manhood. 

"You'll love this little cunt, Master. Her spirit will taste so exquisite, I think, if she tastes even half as good as the feel of her velvety love-hole squeezing the length of my shaft," he sighed. Zash threw his pelvis forward again, his entire shaft vanishing into Liliana's cunt as the girl moaned and came hard on his cock. Zash felt her insides convulse around his length, the delirious joy of her pussy squirting its heady-smelling nectar. He drew his cock back, looking down at the layer of Liliana's glistening juices all up and down his manhood. 'So beautiful,' he thought. Then he plunged his cock back inside her warmth, growling as his own release crept up on him and tossed him over the edge.

"AAAAHhhh FUCK, take my seed, little bitch! It'll be one of the last things you do." As Zash emptied his cum inside her some in the audience applauded, but it was only a smattering of applause, and for good reason. 

In fact, many of the men and women in the audience had been affected by the copulation on stage, the lust radiating outward until it pervaded the rest of the chamber. Many were now engaged in their own couplings, sometimes with strangers sitting in front or behind them. A big-breasted young Latina was riding a nameless young man in the front row, her pussy bounding up and down his long shaft as she crooned and fondled her own tits, still managing to watch the ceremony on stage at the same time. 
