 "Damned elevator!"

The young man muttered to himself, for he was the only one in the hallway. A glance at his watch showed eleven, he had been waiting over fifteen minutes. Chicago is called the Windy City, and for the last few days it had lived up to its name with a vengeance. A storm off of Lake Michigan had brought rain, sleet and snow, with a chill which cut through to the bone.

He pushed the Down button again several times.

He did not want to walk down fourteen flights of stairs, but he might have to or risk being late for work. Not that he would mind being late for work. Born and raised on a farm, he'd had a flare for computers. Good grades in college had lead to this job here. The first month had gone well, then last week he had been transferred to the midnight shift. He didn't like it. A life time of waking at dawn, he found himself tired and out of sorts at the change.

His only consolation had been Her.

She was there his second night, riding the elevator down. He had tried not to stare. He didn't quite succeed. Tall with shoulder length hair of golden blonde, her pale skin the color of fine china, light blue eyes like arctic pools and red lips begging for a kiss, she had that truly erotic beauty which made you catch your breath in disbelief. Standing to one side, his bold glances had not bothered her. Instead she seemed to except them as her due, like some pagan goddess fit for worship. She wore a long fur coat. Through the open front, he could see her body. It was sheathed in a white evening gown that clung to every sensuous curve.

Before he could think to speak the elevator stopped, opened onto the lobby and then she was gone.

A twenty slipped to the old doorman had yielded some information. She was a new tenant, of less than a month. His night at work passed quickly, for all the young man could think about was Her.

She was there again that next night. This time he tried to speak. Nervously, "Hello" was all he said. She nodded back, nothing more. There was a hint of a smile on her lips, amusement perhaps at his hesitation. Before he had the chance to say more they were at the lobby and she was gone again.

The storm came that night.

Standing in his office looking out, he had cursed himself. He never had trouble talking to women before. Walking home in the snow, he resolved the next night would be different. It had been, for she had not been there. Nor the next, nor the next. Three days he lived with the feeling he had missed his chance at heaven. The young man pushed once more at the elevator button, then turned towards the stairs. Just as he reached them, there was a ping and the elevator door opened. He got his arm into it before it closed again. He noticed it was occupied as he entered.

"Damned thing takes forever," he said. "I wouldn't want to miss it when it does show up."

He realized who was there. Her!

The door closed and the elevator started down. He could not believe his luck. Quick he thought, say something. Don't let her get away this time. Standing in one corner, she looked straight ahead. She wore the same long fur coat, this time pulled tightly closed around her.

"Terrible weather the last few days," he said.

She glanced his way and considered him for the first time.

"Terrible weather," he said again.

The three days of storm had been hard, keeping her trapped in her apartment. The hunger she felt was a gnawing thing which disrupted her normal calm. She bid it to be still for the elevator ride would be short and then she would feel the freedom of the night. She recognized him from a few days before. Another tenant, she thought. She could sense his attraction. He wore a brown turtleneck sweater, which fit his strong body well. He had a heavy coat over one arm. Most women would find him handsome, with his black hair and brown eyes. There was humor in those eyes and a youthful confidence about him. Had she not a personal rule against neighbors, she might have been tempted. She had no qualms with teasing him though. Smiling slightly, she leaned back and let her long coat open to show him what was underneath.

"Yes," she said, wetting her lips with a bright pink tongue. "Terrible weather we have been having."

In tall high heels, her long perfect legs were encased in silk stockings that clung like a second skin. Lace garters pulled tight across her creamy thighs held those stockings up. Tiny transparent panties barely covered what lay between those thighs. The corset she wore above that, laced up the front, pulling her waist tight and thrusting her breasts forward. Just a hint of nipple showed. Except for the string of perfect pearls around her neck, she was clothed all in red.

He let out a small gasp.

"What a girl really needs on a cold night like this," she said softly. "Is someone who knows how to keep her warm."

Suddenly there was a lurch and the elevator stopped.

"What the hell," he exclaimed.

The overhead light flickered and went out, leaving them in darkness. That lasted only a moment before a weak red emergency light kicked in.

"I think perhaps, that the elevator has broken down," she said, pulling her coat closed. 

For several minutes they stood there in silence, each hoping the elevator would somehow fix itself. Above the door the floor lights flickered back and forth. First six, then seven and back to six. Finally the young man went to the panel and began pushing buttons. Soon all the floors were lit. Still nothing happened.

"Try the telephone," she said.

He opened the small door below the panel. Pulling out the receiver he laughed and held it up for her to see. Five inches or so down the cord was cut. Some vandal had been there before them. Shaking his head, he put it back and closed the door.

"Might as well get comfortable." He made himself a seat in one corner with his coat. "Looks like we're stuck here."

"What of the doorman?" she asked.

"He's gone by now," he looked at his watch. "And the morning doorman doesn't get in until five."

The prospect of spending the night inside this elevator did not appeal to her. It reminded her too much of the stuffy apartment upstairs. First the storm she thought, now this. How bad is her luck going to get?

The young man had thoughts of luck too, but of a different kind. If he had to get stuck in an elevator, who better than a beautiful woman wearing lingerie. Remembering her brief exposure, he smiled. Though her coat was closed, from where he sat he could see quite a bit of stocking clad leg.

"Some outfit you're wearing," he said. "Where were you going?"

The gnawing need deep in her gut was growing. Standing in one corner back against the elevator wall, she tried her best to ignore it. Not now she thought, not now.

"Out," she said vaguely gesturing. "Nowhere special."

The young man muttered something about being warm and pulled off his turtleneck. She felt a flush too which had nothing to do with the temperature. He carefully folded up the sweater and opened the front of his shirt, exposing his neck and chest. Her need was rapidly breaking down her reservations. Why argue with Fate, they were together here and now. His bare flesh beckoned, she wanted him. If it would still her hunger for a time, why fight it?

He sat there watching her, wondering. She seemed preoccupied with something. A professional he thought, one of Chicago's many ladies of the night. He noticed now that she had spoken, her voice held the hint of an accent. European? Perhaps eastern European. One of the recent immigrants seeking the American Dream. He'd heard many of those young women chose escort work. If so his stay in this elevator might not be so bad. She seemed to make up her mind about something and turned towards him.

"If we are to be stuck here," she smiled, looking into his eyes. "Then we will need something to occupy our time."

She let her coat part again. Under the weak red glow, she seemed more fantasy than real. With a long fingered hand, she traced the laces on her corset's front. Down, down, down she went until coming to the top of her panties. He sat there watching, as she cupped her mound with one hand. A soft moan escaped her throat as she gently rubbed, pressing the sheer fabric into her slit with one finger. She stroked herself slowly through the material.

She raised her hand to the edge of her panties, then slid her fingers under the top. Her eyes half way closed, and she arched her back. Her breath caught, then a sly smile came. He watched as the vague shape of her finger stroked up and down

"I'm so wet," she sighed. She pulled her hand free. On her finger, he saw the glint of moisture. She brought the finger to her lips and slowly sucked it into her mouth. After a moment she slid the other hand back down and into her panties.

"Why don't you come here and help me," she said.

He crawled over on his knees, taking off his shirt as he did. When he was close, she hooked one leg over his shoulder. The silk stocking had a slick sensuous feel on his bare flesh. He put his hand on top of hers, rubbing with her.

Her panties were tied with tiny bows on each side. He pulled on one string, untying it and letting them fall to the floor. Her mound was covered with a short blonde down, which seemed to glow a coppery gold in the dim red glow. He gently blew on the exposed lips, causing her to shiver with delight. With his tongue he lightly licked, teasing her clit from its fold of flesh.

As he did, he probed her depths with one long finger, feeling the wet and sensitive walls, massaging here and there, trying to bring her to a fevered pitch. He feasted on her, drinking her honeyed juices down. Her moans were music to his ears. Each time that he felt her near a peak, he slowed down not letting her climax. He wanted her mad with desire.

She shuddered, pleased he was so skilled. Winding one hand into his soft black hair, she pulled his mouth closer intent on her own delight. For long minutes, she enjoyed his actions but his oral caresses were not all she wanted. Taking her leg from his shoulder, she pulled him up.

As he stood, he paused and pulled the top of her corset down. Her breasts were firm and warm under his hands, the nipples like two small cherries. Taking one between his lips, he licked it with his tongue, bringing it to a throbbing hardness. He did the same with the other.

She moaned and let her coat slide off her shoulders. It fell on the floor around her ankles. As he played with her breasts, she undid his belt. Soon his pants joined her coat on the floor.

Feeling her warm hands touching his flesh made him moan. He pressed closer savoring the pleasure. Leaving her breast, he locked his mouth to hers. Their tongues darted back and forth.

Holding onto his shaft with one hand, she put the other on his back, then lifted one leg and swung it around his waist. This allowed her to point the pulsing tip of his cock directly at her moist slit. He moaned as the tip made contact. It felt as if the hungry lips were going to actually suck his shaft into her.

Now it was her turn to tease. She rubbed the tip of his shaft between her lips, moistening it with her juices. Holding her hand firmly around his cock, she prevented him from going deeper than the head. Soon he was as excited as her. That had been her intention. Removing her restraining hand, she let him thrust. He easily penetrated several inches on the first thrust. Pulling back, he thrust again going deeper. He feed her short strokes until he was gliding in and out of her freely.

Soon he could feel himself sink into her to the hairy root. He would pause then and grind his hips, causing his shaft to rotate inside the sensitive walls of her cunt and the top side of his cock to grate across the stiff little protrusion of her clit.

That made her ecstatic and she would either tickle the soft underside of his balls or stab her roving tongue into his ear. His strokes were deep, the head touching bottom each time. She lifted the other leg and locked both around his waist. In this position she was able to plunge herself up and down with all the force of her body.

The young man was sure that he had never have sex this good again. It wasn't just that her cunt was moist, tight and incredibly hot, and it wasn't that she milked him with talented muscles, though both were true. It was something else.

It was the way she let herself completely go. She teased, caressed, tantalized and urged every response she could from his body and from hers. Once she felt she had done all she could do, she would start all over. There was something primal about the way she fucked. She acted as if this would be his last time with a woman and meant it to be the best he had ever had.

She could feel his peak approaching and she matched him stroke for stroke, move for move. Part of that burning hunger she had felt was calmed. Unfortunately for her young lover, that was not enough.

Down from the roof of her mouth descended two long fangs. They glistened in the pale red light sharp, as if they had already drawn blood.

Her senses were now supernaturally sharp. She could sense the blood pulsing through the veins at his neck, and she longed to taste the saltiness of it on her lips. He had his face in her breasts, licking back and forth on her nipples. She stroked the back of his innocent head, for he had not seen her change.

Suddenly the overhead light flickered on and the elevator started moving down. She covered her eyes at the brightness. His strokes did not slow. His cock swelled and pulsed inside of her, he was that close to his climax.

She cursed the light, for she would have to strike now!

*  *  *

"I wonder what could be keeping that elevator?" The old man said to his wife. He pushed the button on the lobby wall again. "Nothing works in this damned building."

With a ping the elevator opened. Standing in the door was a young woman, her long fur coat pulled tight. She did not exit.

"You do not want to use this elevator. It malfunctioned and I was stuck." She said to them. "If you are wise, you will use the stairs."

The old couple looked at each other. Something about the woman invited no argument. Standing where she was in the door, they could not enter.

"Well, I guess we could take the stairs." The old woman said. "It is only three floors."

The old couple walled away. Stepping out into the lobby, she watched them go.

"That was close," the young man stepped out behind her.

He finished tucking his shirt into his pants. Even with the elevator stopping at each floor on the way down, there had not been enough time for him to dress before the elevator door had opened at the first floor. Luckily she had persuaded the old couple to take the stairs. Together they walked outside.

The winter storm had ended, leaving the midnight sky clear and lit by thousands of stars. The crisp cold air was refreshing. He looked at his watch. If he hurried, he could make it to work in time. He had to know something first.

"Will I see you again?" he asked.

She smiled. He did not know how near death he had been. Now free of the elevator, she could seek other prey. He was safe. Still though, the desire for him was there.

"Yes, we will meet again," she said as she walked away. "And be sure, on that night we will not be interrupted."