 "Ah, Zuel, you've waited for me!" Lord Asmodeus grins, walking up to the closed door his servant is standing in front of.

"Yes, my lord," he pauses. "Though I may not approve of that woman. I cannot stand another mortal stealing another mortal's soul." He clinches his fists at his sides.

Lord Asmodeus places his hand on his servant's shoulder, "What I would like to know, most of all, is who gave him the power to rip her soul out piece by piece? Shall we?" He motions towards the door. Zuel promptly opens it, letting his master walk in before him.

The chamber is cold and dark. No windows to let natural light in. Torches line the walls, flickering to the point of burning out. The occupants' shadows dance and play on the surfaces of the enclosure. Only the one door in or out. The walls are slimy with wet goo, dripping down to the filth on the floor.

A short, hunched-over man with six arms, places his tools of his trade out on a long thin metal table. To his left side, Darrell. With straps of leather, he is tied down to another larger metal table.

"Doc?" Lord Asmodeus announces his presence. "What type of torture can we inflict on him?"

The hunched man turns his gaze to his master. Six eyes swirl around with joy. His thin lip-less mouth smirks with the thought of the possibilities that await their victim. "Loads, my lord! With his solid form and this new drug I came up with. Oh, ha-ha, he'll feel everything!"

"Good!" Lord Asmodeus gives a mischievous grin towards Darrell.

"Where's my soul? You stole it from me! She belongs to me!" Darrell howls.

Doc takes a step closer to the table. With a quick jerk of Darrell's shirt sleeve, he reveals the man's skin underneath. He slowly penetrates the flesh with his needle, forcing the fluid into his vein.

"Give it a second?" Doc says, trying to contain his excitement, "Will you try, my lord?" 

Lord Asmodeus walks over and flicks the man's nose with his finger. Tears instantly roll down Darrell's cheeks as he screams out in pure agony. Just a small tap on the nose shoots tremendous pain through him. The new drug causes its victim's pain to be amplified. 

"Joy, Joy, Joy!" Doc skips around in a little dance. His six arms flailing about over his head. His feet doing a jig as his hips move from side to side.

"Wonderful! Now down to business! Darrell, who was it that gave you the power to rip her soul out?" Lord Asmodeus inquires. 

No answer. 

Lord Asmodeus turns and nods to Doc. He immediately smiles as he shoves a scalpel deep into the man's leg. No blood flowed. You can't make a ghost bleed, even if he's solid. Wails of torturous pain leave Darrell's throat.

"I will not ask again!"

"The demon. The demon did!" Darrell finally answers through grinding of his teeth.

"What demon?" Lord Asmodeus gives another a quick go ahead with his chin.

"No, no, no The demon Murmur!" Darrell screams in the anticipation of the next gab. Though he answers his master's question, Doc still stabs him, giggling at his own naughty behavior. Lord Asmodeus smiles, holding back a light chuckle at the sight of his servant.

"Why would a demon lord of music give you such power?" Zuel steps forward, gazing at the creature rot with pain.

"She signs, she signs!" Darrell insanely laughs.

"Signs?" Lord Asmodeus is perplexed.

"I found her. She is mine! Mine, all mine!"

"Where did you find her?"

"Oh, that's, that's the best part! She was alone. Living on the streets. Her family disowned her. All by herself, she was! I found her. Ho-ho, she thought I was kind and loving! But I had her fooled! I did! I did."

Lord Asmodeus snatches the blade away from Doc's hand and turns it onto Darrell. He slashes and cuts as many times as he can. Howls and screams vibrate though the small room and out into the hall. Everyone in the castle can hear the torture. Lord Asmodeus takes great care not to inflict damage to the black patches, he knows those parts are pieces of her soul. To damage them, is to kill her! He hacks away, watching the creature before him struggle against the pain until Darrell passes out.

"Wake him! Torture him even if he gives you information. If that drug wears off. GIVE HIM MORE!" Lord Asmodeus seethes with anger. "And do not damage those patches! Remove them carefully and place them in a jar! You harm them and I swear, Doc, you will not see another day!"

"Yes, my lord! Understood, my lord!" Doc's gaiety overflows with how much leaves he has with this new victim.

"What did I just say?"

"Don't harm the patches!"

"Good, then continue. I must get back," Lord Asmodeus turns to leave the room.

"My lord, I wish to stay and hear what this pathetic creatures has to say?" Zuel bows.

"Very well. Report everything back to me. Help in his torture if you must, but get what we need out of him."

"Yes, master!"

******

Signs? I have never heard her or her soul sign? Lord Asmodeus ponders his thoughts. How can she sign? Her soul is torn. Her body broken. Lord Asmodeus aimlessly walks through his castle. He has seen the torture that thing has put her through while he was living, but to continue after his death! What does she possess that makes him insane in his obsession of her? Answers will come and then he'll have to deal with Lord Murmur. After all, he is torturing his charge. Fresh memories of Darrell's cries bounce through his mind causing him to smile with satisfaction. He can't inflict the type of pain on him as he did Sarah, but this is good enough, for now.

He finds himself hesitating outside of Sarah's room. He broke her body, letting that thing have its way with her. He should be reveling in the destruction that Darrell has caused. He, after all, is a demon of destruction. But this, this saddens him.

"My lord?" a meek female voice calls out from the other side of the opening. The sudden sound snaps him out of his thoughts. He looks at the servant attending Sarah and steps over the threshold, walking past her. His eyes fix on Sarah, who is still unconscious.

"How's she doing?" he finally asks, sitting next to Sarah on the edge of the bed.

"Every now and again her breath is labored and she sweats from I think a small fever. If I have to make a guess, my lord, not good!"

"I see," he frowns.

"My lord, I believe also that she is having some sort of nightmare. Maybe, even several," Chris comments, placing a bowl of fresh cool water on the bedside table. Lord Asmodeus frowns even more at her words. "I do not mean to cause my lord distress!"

"You are not the one causing anything, girl!" he snaps.

"Yes, my lord," she squeaks as she slinks away.

Sarah's features cringe with unseen pain. He body curls up into a fetal position. Low whimpers escape her lips. Lord Asmodeus pushes his influence forward to probe her mind.

******

A handsome lanky young man stands in front of Sarah. He smiles at her, "Come on, S, you have to go. It's time you get out and meet the world. The club and a few drinks will do you wonders!"

"I don't know, Michael! I think I should stay home tonight!" Sarah replays with unease written on her face.

"Come on, Sarah! We've been planning this for a week and you said you would go!" A stocky freckled faced woman cries, stomping her foot hard to the carpeted floor.

"I know, Jane! I just, I just don't think I should go." Sarah whimpers.

"Enough, Sarah. Let's go!" another woman laughs, taking Sarah by the arm to another room.

"Alright, alright, Sue. I can walk on my own!" Sarah winces from the pain around her wrist. "I'll go! I'll go!"

"Then get dressed, we'll be waiting!" Sue giggles, releasing Sarah.

Moments later, Sarah appears wearing a pair of blue jeans and a thick wool sweater. Her hair pulled back in a ponytail, causing a bush of her curly, light strawberry blond hair behind her head.

"My God, Sarah, how are you supposed to get a new man dressed like that?" Jane asks, placing her hand over her eyes, shaking her head with her disappointment.

"I think I look good!" Sarah retorts, looking herself up and down.

"Ya, you look good if we were going to a movie, but this is a club. Sexy, you need to dress sexy!" Michael pipes in. "Ugh, no make up. Come on, Sarah, at least put some makeup on!"

Jane and Sue lead Sarah back to her room to change. Sue riffles through Sarah's closet while Jane pushes Sarah to sit on the edge of her bed. Jane goes to work, releasing Sarah's hair to fall onto her shoulders. A few scrunches and her curls relax, bouncing past her breasts. Turning her attention to the bag next to Sarah on the bed, she digs out her make up. Jane gently fixes her face. Not too much, Sarah has great features. With the light paint, her beautiful eyes pop.

"Here, wear this!" Sue states, throwing a nice sexy tank top at Sarah. "It's sexy enough, but it's still conservative for the likes of you!" The two women burst out laughing.

"That's not funny!" Sarah whimpers, stripping her sweater for the tank.

"You guys about done?" Michael's voice pounds through the closed door.

"Hold your horses, ass munch!" Jane grumbles.

"Wow, Sarah, you should really dress like this more often! You look marvelous!" Sue giggles.

"Stop!" Sarah demands, turning her face away in embarrassment.

"Time to go!" Jane squeals with joy, tugging on the two women.

******

Lord Asmodeus watches from the sidelines while Sarah and her friends dance to the pounding music blasting through the speakers that surround the dance floor. Off in a dark corner, he notices someone watching. Darrel! His mind screams. There's nothing he can do. After all it's her memory. He cannot change what has already happened. He turns his attention back to Sarah.

At that moment he can see that she is having the time of her life. No cares or worries. Her figure gracefully moving to the song, following to the beat with her hips. Sexy, yes, oh how sexy that woman is to him. Flashes of them on the roof top invade his brain, it gives him a pleasant smile. Shoving them back to focus on what Sarah remembers. Even when one's brain is focused on what is in front of them, it still catches the outer edges of what's happening around them.

Not realizing it, Sarah had picked up on the fact that her friend Michael was talking to a very large man by the bar. Moments later they both approached her. A sudden spark of fear races across Sarah's face. She steps back from the man. He quickly stops her by placing his arm around her waist, pulling her in close to him.

"Um, what do you think you are doing?" Sarah inquires, trying desperately to release his hold on her. "I don't like this, Michael!"

"But he really likes you and I thought he would be good for you!" Michael shrugs his shoulders as he speaks. "Besides, you need to let loose! He can help!"

"No, I don't think..." She is cut off in the middle of her sentence.

"Come on, baby, you know you want me!" The man grins. His teeth didn't look right to her. She thought or she imagined that they looked like fangs.

"No, No, thank you!" her voice trembles. She shoots her friend a silent plea for help.

"Come on, Sarah. Have a drink. You'll feel so much better!"

"Where's Sue and Jane?" she asks, trying to change the subject.

"Over there having fun with those guys!" Michael laughs, passing Sarah a drink.

She hesitates, but gives in, taking the drink from him. She watches the men as she downs some of the liquid. It is cool and refreshing going down her dry throat. Within seconds her brain becomes fuzzy. Her legs too weak to hold herself up. The sound from the music pounds deep in her soul. Her body throbs to the beat. She holds her head to help it to stop spinning. Her body goes limp in the large man's arms. Her limbs dangle at her sides at the same time her head falls backwards.

"I want full payment in my bank account by morning!" Michael commands, leaving Sarah with the brute.

When Sarah awakes again, she is locked in the cage at the action. Images of herself chained and locked away from the world. Lord Asmodeus can hear her thoughts, Why did this happen? Michael, how, why did you do this? What's going on? Each new thought echoes into a new unanswered question, to disbelief, anger, betrayal and in the end just an overwhelming sense of loneliness. Lord Asmodeus pulls himself out of her memories with some understanding to Sarah's situation.

Anger boils within his core, "They call us demons, monsters! The true monsters are mortal!" he grits his teeth.

"My lord?" Chris' meek voice interrupts his thoughts.

"Yes," his tone softens. He knows there is nothing this young woman has done and he refuses to take it out on her.

"What's wrong?" she asks.

"Nothing you need to worry over!" he smiles, abruptly getting up from his seat. "I will return in a little while. Please, continue to watch over her?"

She bows with her acknowledgment.

******

The door to the dungeon flies open, vibrating against the wall. Causes it to bounce back at Lord Asmodeus. Without looking, he catches in one hand and steadies it. His face twists with anger. Both Zuel and Doc quickly turn towards him. Each taking a step back from his target, Darrell!

"Who is this Michael and why did he sell Sarah to the slave merchant?" he howls.

Darrell cringes on the table. Pieces of his face are missing from the ongoing torture they subject him to. His memories race to the forefront of his mind, "Ah, Michael. It took me weeks to convince him to sell his friend. But then again, no one has ever really been her friend." Darrell's eyes sparkle with the thought. "I made sure of that. Ten years, I've put into that girl to make her a seething, withering lonely mess." His chest puffs out with his pride, but it's short lived. Lord Asmodeus' claw slams into the center of Darrell's chest with no real reaction from him.

"Doc. More of that drug if you please," he grins, twisting his hand in Darrell's chest cavity. With a hop and a skip, Doc does as he is asked. The pain grows with the liquid running through his body. He can no longer hold back his screams of terror. "What was his price?"

"Two million dollars!"

"What was our price, Zuel?" he asks, pulling his talon out. As it is slowly removed, it makes a sucking pop sound.

"Five million delons, my lord!"

"You were right to say, it costs me a small fortune at the auction, Zuel!" he chuckles, flinging gore from his hand.

"My lord, my lord!" Doc gleefully calls, "All the black patches have been removed. Curious though, as they entered the jar they changed into this blue watery type thing. What is it, my lord?"

"Parts of her soul." Lord Asmodeus explains as he examines the glass jar, "Why have they not joined, fused back together?"

"That perplexes me as well, my lord!" Doc pauses, "Maybe they need a hand in becoming one again?"

"What?"

"Oh, oh, I have it, my lord! Use some of your soul to help them along!" Doc grins, rubbing his hands together.

"I see." Lord Asmodeus ponders the notion. "What harm do you think, if any, can come from this?"

"None, my lord, I would say it may enhance her!" he does his little jig once again. Suddenly, stopping, "My lord, I am not finished with him?"

"I never said to stop after you removed the patches, did I?"

"No, my lord!" Doc's eyes widen with new found excitement as new terrible ideas race through his brain.

"Keep up the good work, Doc. Oh, and Zuel, send an invitation to Lord Murmur. Have him come for dinner and a show." Lord Asmodeus smirks, leaving the room, tucking the jar up under his arm.

******

Lord Asmodeus saunters along the halls, staring at the beautiful blue liquid in the container. Each time he brings it in close to his face, it reacts. Seductively pressing against the glass. Her soul knows him. She can feel him as he can feel her. He can see that the fragments were trying to fuse together, but something important is missing. They smash into each other. As if taking a running start before hitting would force them to stay together. It's quite comical to watch. Lord Asmodeus is only slightly disappointed that the little show would not continue.

"I'd rather have her back!" he chuckles at the jar. All the pieces seem to giggle back at him.

The demons Zuel had sent to fix the broken doors of Sarah's bedroom step aside to let their master through. One last bang as the pin for the hinge falls into place. He barely takes notice of them. His attention is drawn to the woman resting on the bed. He expresses his tenderness towards her with a gentle smile.

"My lord, is that, that, her soul?" Chris gestures to the glass container in his hands.

"Yes, I will need all of you to leave for a bit. I have work to do," he smirks, walking past her.

"Yes, my lord," she bows, leaving him to fix her friends, closing the doors behind her.

Alone in the room, he releases the shards of her soul out into the large space, "Now, I've done this with other demons, but never with a human soul. Please forgive me if this causes you any pain!" he apologizes, raising his hands towards the floating mass. His frame begins to glow in a soft greenish color. He watches the blue liquid float and twirl around him. They soak in his essence. Their color changes to a soft aqua as they begin to fuse together, forming the shape of a woman. There are still bits and pieces missing, but he believes those are left within her physical body.

"Thank you!" she states, hovering in front of him.

"What are you?" his asks as his mouth gapes at the sight of this beautiful creature before him.

"I am a legacy!" she giggles. Her soul burst into tiny fragments that careen into Sarah's physical form. The force causes her body to explode with mighty convulsions.

"Legacy?" he grimaces.

Moments later, she calms. Her eyes snap open with a faint aqua glow to them, then it gently disappears back to her original eye color.

"Johnathon?" she whispers. Her mouth dry, she coughs. Pouring her a glass of water, he hands it to her. She drinks it down, fast, forgetting to take a breath of air as she gulps it.

"Slow down! You'll choke!" he scorns her and takes the half empty glass away. Sending water descending her chin. A quick swipe with her wrist and she wipes it off.

"Thanks!" she smirks, flinging the covers off of her and jumping from the bed.

"Careful!" he shouts out in a panic, reaching for her to settle back down onto the bed.

"What?" she argues.

"Your injuries!"

She lifts her shirt exposing the bandages underneath. Unfastening the strips of cloth, calmly she unravels them from her waist. One last turn, shows her healed skin. All the damage done to her fixed. She raises her eyes to meet his, beaming brightly at him.

"Well?' he breathes, "I guess there's no need to worry, ha?"

"I guess not!" she laughs, pushing past him. His fingers trail through hair as she leaves. She stops outside of the bathroom, turns, giving him a sultry glance before continuing on her path.