 "Zyn, please don't do that." I said as my heart sank.

"Then why am I here?"she whispered. Her voice full of fear. 

I could not tell her the truth. I could not tell her that she resembled my love Annalise so closely it almost brought me to tears just being in the same room as her. 

"Zyn, all you need to know is your safe and you are warm. You don't have to worry about food or a place to sleep." I truthfully said.

"Why?" Zyn asked. 

"Because I said so!" I picked her up off of my lap and tossed her on the bed with little effort. The towel fell from her body and revealed her luscious breasts. I could not think of that right now.

The master bedroom had no windows for her to escape from. I stormed out of the room and locked it from the outside. My frustration getting the better of me. 

I flitted into the kitchen and started making one of Annalise's favorite breakfasts. Cooking, even though I couldn't eat, has always calmed me, I was cooking Oatmeal with cinnamon and toast with marmalade, with apple juice. Not a hard feat to master, the meal was finished in minutes. 

I put the food on a wooden bed tray and walked back to the room. 

I knocked on the door and I heard her cry out in pain.

I busted the door down, it was in splinters, and the food tray crashed to the floor and the plates broke. 

I saw her in the bathroom. She was bloody. I almost couldn't comprehend what had just happened. She was still clutching onto the straight razors that I kept for appearances. 

I rushed over to her. The blood was pouring from the deep vertical cuts on her wrists. I was so close to letting the bloodlust take over. If I were a century younger I would have killed her on the spot. With all the courage I could muster I picked her up and took her to the sink to rinse the blood off. She was fading fast and in my soul I knew she wouldn't last long enough for me to take her to a hospital. I did what came to my mind first. I bit into my own wrist and let the thick blood ooze from the punctures. I put my wrist up to her mouth, and with all the strength she had she tried to wriggle away. I pushed my wrist up to her lips. 

She latched on like a babe to a nipple. She drank like it was her last drink. My head became light, and I willed her to let my arm go. She wouldn't turn. She would just heal. The slits healed as fast as they were made. She cried. I held her and whispered near tears myself "Why, Anna? Why?" Over and over again. 

"My name isn't Anna, and what are you?"

She slurred. The tears being replaced with a lustful grin. The high of vampire blood to a human is much like being drunk, with a few exceptions. The first exception is that instead of putting a damper on the sex drive it kicks it into overdrive. I could already smell her sex dampening. 

My mind was at war with its self. I wanted to fuck her so bad, the sweet and tangy smell emanating from her nether region was intoxicating, but I knew if I had her, I would kill her. I am too strong for mortals. 

"What are you?" She repeated. 

"I am your savior. I am the one who wants to pull you from the gutter, I am the one who wants to help you get your life together." I said all of this in truth. 

She craned her neck to get a better view of me. And with a suddenness that shocked me, she planted a wet kiss on my lips. Her lips were so soft and tasty. I could feel the remnants of her tears on my cheeks. 

I was rock hard again. I chastised myself. This is not the time nor the place for this. 

"Zyn, please don't." I said

"Why not? I can feel that you want me." She said as she grabbed my crotch.

What kind of demon was this? Annalise never did anything like this. 

I shook myself mentally. This is not Annalise. This is a human that merely looked like her. It all became suddenly, violently clear. I would have to win Zyn's heart, and her love. 

"Would you like to go to the kitchen, for something to eat?" I asked hoping to diffuse the situation. 

"No let's stay here" she said with the sultry tone wonton women have. 

It was almost too much to bear. I leaned down and kissed her cheek tenderly. 

"Food first, Zyn." I said with a pleading tone.

She gracefully arose in all her naked glory and said "Lead the way." 

The shattered plates and wasted food on the floor forgotten. I dusted this thought off, the maid would get it. 

My cock hurt with need. The sway of her hips as she moved enticed everything male inside of me. "What a shapely ass she has" I thought. I smirked. What a male thought. I willed my body to cooperate and I willed my cock to soften, I could feel an ache begin. I needed blood and release.

We arrived in the kitchen, and I asked, "Would you like oatmeal and toast?" 

"I would like much more than food." She grinned. 

"Zyn, drop it."I was becoming so angry.

"Not until you fuck me." She said with a lusty giggle. 

I couldn't take it anymore I had had enough. She just wasn't going to listen to me. I needed to make her see that I was not some mortal to be fucked with.