 "Ah, good to see you, old friend!" Lord Asmodeus greets Lord Murmur, generously smacking both of the other demon's shoulders. "Come, come. Let's sit in the drawing room and have a drink! The sun is bright and the room warm, just how you like it!"

"Good to see you, too, Asmodeus!" Lord Murmur returns with as much enthusiasm. 

"Tell me. How's life in your domain?"

They pass through the double doors into a comfortable lounge. Plush leather coaches and chairs encircle the center of the vast room. Tables for playing games line one side. Four tall thin window rule one whole wall, bordered by massive maple bookshelves filled with ancient books from all over the world. A fragment of Lord Asmodeus' true library lies within in the confines of the castle. Lord Asmodeus motions to his guest to take a seat.

"You know how it is. Everyday one or more servants need to be punished. Though it is entertaining, I'm in need of relief. Boredom is setting in and quite frankly I am not cut out for that." Lord Murmur laughs, plopping himself down on a coach, flinging his legs up, lounging in the environment. 

"Nothing new worth your time in the music business, then?" Lord Asmodeus asks, pouring himself a glass of fire wine. He holds up his glass in a gesture.

"Yes, please! - Nothing, the music business is flat. Too many good artists out there not willing to sell their soul to me. Times are a changing, soon. Mark my words, Asmodeus, I will have plenty of meat to sink my teeth into."

"Is that why you've thrown yourself in with the likes of ghosts? Out of boredom?" Lord Asmodeus smiles, handing over a glass of wine to Lord Murmur. He pauses before taking his first sip, waiting for the demon of music to answer his question.

"Oh, I heard you had something that belongs to me. I was wondering when you were going to get around to returning it." Lord Murmur remarks, sipping deeply on his drink.

"Yes, I'll gladly return your property to you! Zuel?" Lord Asmodeus waves his hand. Zuel bows. In a few short minutes, he returns with a half dead Darrell in his hands.

"Not him. I have no use for the likes of him. The girl. She belongs to me." Lord Murmur scoffs. Placing his empty wineglass on the end table.

"Oh, and how is it that you own this girl?"

"Through him. It's the deal we made," he chuckles. "Not a fair one if you ask me. All he wants is to continue to torment that poor thing."

"What was the price he paid for the girl? I mean who did he buy her from?" Lord Asmodeus curiously turns to Darrell.

"I didn't buy her! I found her. She belongs to me!" he snarls, trying to shake off Zuel's grip.

"Lord Murmur. If he didn't buy her, what proves his ownership?"

Lord Murmur frowns at what his host is asking. He knows without solid proof that a person is bought or sold, no ownership is established. In the world of demons, it is a must. One cannot own a soul without proof.

Lord Asmodeus turns to his end table, picking up a sheet of paper from it, "This should prove, that I own the girl and not your charge," he says, handing the document over. Lord Murmur shoves his hand out, refusing to take it. He knows he has no leg to stand on. He never received any proof that this mortal owns the other. It is his mistake that he'll have to swallow.

"I own her, Lord Murmur!" Darrell shouts his discontent at what is happening before him.

"The only property I will return, is him!" Lord Asmodeus grins. "Another glass of wine, my lord?"

Lord Murmur shifts himself, placing his elbows on his knees and frowns at his own misfortunes. He snatches the glass from its perch, shaking it for Lord Asmodeus to take to fill. Lord Asmodeus knows he's won. With a quick nod of his head, informing Zuel he can remove the disgusting creature from their sight.

A low knock on the door as it opens. Sarah fresh and vibrant stands in its archway. Asking with her eyes if she may enter.

"Come, come, Sarah. Meet Lord Murmur. Now that your owner has been settled, come introduce yourself!" Lord Asmodeus announces gleefully, clapping his hands a couple of times together. Pride dripping from his very being!

She gracefully glides across to them. Her hair pinned up with huge loops of curls. Two spirals lie on either side of her temples. Long lush loose coils dangle down from the large bun, tickling the back of her neck. Her features, lightly painted, accenting her eyes. A pale pink lip-gloss shades her mouth. Her white gown, gently fastened on her shoulders, leaving an opening until her elbows. Another delicate button, leaving another opening to her wrists to be fastened one last time. A wide green trimmed belt snugs her waist, pointing down in an upside down v. Two slits run from hip to floor, showing her sexy legs. A Goddess coming to meet her subjects. Every eye in the room is on her. Their jaws slack at the beauty before them.

"I could shoot myself right now, for not following the rules! That could have been mine!" Lord Murmur whispers. Lord Asmodeus laughs at the revelation. 

Sarah stops in front of the two lords. She smiles to each of them. Turning her attention to Zuel. She nods to him. Her gaze shifts to the man in Zuel's charge. The demon servant releases him. Using all the strength he has, Darrell charges her. The two lord start to leave their seats. With a single hand gesture, Sarah stops them. They sit back and watch.

In one fluid motion, her right hand is up and under his chin lifting him off his feet and slamming him down to the ground. The sheer force of his attack and her movements gives her greater momentum in her defense. At the same time she pulls her body down onto one knee. Balancing herself with her free hand on the floor boards. Splinters scatter and explode out, threatening to impale the onlookers. With a wave of her left hand, it all freezes in place, stopping time. Darrell's limbs are stunned into submission. His trachea crushes from the impact. Shallow wisps of oxygen barely make it past and into his lungs.

"I have no need for you. You never truly owned me. Out of my misguided attempt to feel loved, I followed you. When I leave this room, every cell in your body will explode into oblivion. You will no longer exist. Never to be reborn. You will NEVER harm another living soul again!" she smirks into his ear. 

Releasing her hold, she casually lifts her eyes to the others in the room. Each one frozen in a pose to protect themselves from incoming debris. Dancing around on tip toes like a ballerina. She jumps and spins, knocking the scraps of wood out of the way, stopping them from harming anyone. Thoroughly pleased with herself she covers her lips, letting out a childish giggle. Suddenly, she stops and turns her whole frame. In three quick steps, she is in front of Zuel. His arms raised to his face in a protective posture. She snickers as mischievous ideas run through her head. Without a second thought, she snatches up a permanent marker from one of the desks and bounces her way back. She frowns. She cannot reach his face. With extreme enthusiasm, she pulls a chair close to his frame trying desperately to hold in her laughter. Working around his arms, she draws two bubble eyes on his forehead and a bubble tongue hanging down by his lower lip.

"You never looked better, old man!" she snickers, placing the chair back from where she took it. Calmly, she makes her way to the doors, turning, placing her weight on them for support. She waves her hand.

The three men jerk, still attempting to protect themselves, only to find the debris gone and what is left falls straight down to the floor. Confused, they each look to one another. Lord Asmodeus and Lord Murmur's eyes fix on the artistic drawing on Zuel's face.

"What is it, my lords?" he asks with intense concern in his voice.

"Nothing. I do have to say, you've never looked better, old man!" Lord Asmodeus barrels out in laughter. Lord Murmur doing the same.

"Thank you, I think, my lord." he remarks, "Now can we get back to the fact that something happened here?"

"Yes, yes!" Lord Asmodeus chuckles, trying to contain himself. Lord Murmur not having any success with it either. "Sarah?" All eyes turn once again on her. "Please enlighten us as to what just happened."

"Nothing. I just put a rabid dog down!" she smiles.

All their eyes shift. Darrel is still buried in the floor. His body shakes and shudders every now and again, letting them know he is still alive.

"Oh, and Darrel, you still have something of mine that you stole! I'm taking it back." she demands, raising her hand in front her and squeezing her fist closed, pulling it back towards her face. His body starts to quake. Tiny black shards erupt from every point of his frame, briefly hoovering over him. Seconds later as if they found their rightful place, they shoot across the room towards Sarah. A magnificent blue-green force-field surrounds her. In slow motion each fragment passes through it, changing their color to the vibrant aqua of the shield before entering her. "I also want you to know. Any of your seed born from your loins will also disappear with you. Your lineage is destroyed!" she laughs, fling the doors wide. She exits. Her revenge complete.

Tiny popping sounds rise up from the floor. Darrell screams out in agony and terror. One by one his cells explode into nothing. Lord Murmur gapes in awe, watching the destruction of his charge. Lord Asmodeus lowers his eyes, clearly amused and takes a sip of his wine. Zuel stands stunned and turns to glare at the spot where Sarah once stood. The two lords turn their attention with his energy waxing in anger. Instantly, their concern disappears because of Sarah's art design all over his face. Laughter spills out, harder than before.

Zuel's feature grimaces towards their actions.

******

Sarah bounces on her bed, pleased with her actions of the day. The power racing through her veins. She's never felt so, so good in her life. Able to stand up for myself, not taking anyone's shit! A devilish smirk spreads on her lips at her thought. Fluffing her pillow, she plows her head into it. Her excitement threatens a blissful well deserved rest. Her eyes flicker and flutter. They bounce once, twice and she is out, floating into dreamland. 

******

Sarah lies in a vibrant green field on the side of a slopping hill. Puffy white clouds travel across the vast blue sky, blocking the sun's rays every now and again. A light breeze washes over her, wafting her hair across calm features. She rolls onto her side, smiling to herself. The warm rays penetrate her skin. Her fingers twist in the soft grass.

With, a rumble of thunder, the atmosphere quickly changes. Dark black clouds roll in, blocking out the light completely. A metallic smell fills the air. Roars of battle, screams of death echo the valley floor. She abruptly sits up and turns her eyes. A war, a battle to the death rages behind her. She stands. Placing one foot in front of the other, she heads towards the mayhem. Men and demons fall to the ground. Dead! She takes notice, but feels nothing. An extreme shift in her dream and seconds later, she is in the center of it. 

Massive black wing, twice her size, spread out behind her. They are hers. A golden rod with a large open circle, tiny charms hanging in its center is in her right hand. She lifts it, slamming its end into the solid dirt. A bluish-green energy wave pulsates outward. All fall from both sides of the war. Men and demons alike. She lowers her head as tears trickle down from her closed eyes. Her heart breaks.

Climbing up the slope, injured, cover in blood and gore is Lord Asmodeus. He features cracked in shock of what he sees. Sarah, standing in the middle of the carnage, cries. Anger erupts from his throat as he races towards her. His talon fastens around her neck. She does not look at him, keeping her eyes screwed shut. 

"YOU BETRAYED ME!" he growls, "WHY?"

She does not answer. The tears fall faster. She sniffs in the snot running from her nose. She drops her staff. His grip lessens, letting her fall to her knees. Her blue-green eyes finally meet his. Complete sadness. He does not care; he squeezes his fingers around her neck. Her mouth starts to move, but no sound leaves her lips. She tries to tell him something. Her voice won't work. She appears to be pleading with him, trying to explain herself.

******

Her eyes snap open. Tears are still falling down her temples. She feels warmth beside her. Turning her head to see Lord Asmodeus who is watching her cry. She begins to open her mouth. No words were allowed to flow as his hands abruptly wraps around her throat and squeezes.

"YOU BETRAYED ME!" he growls.

"NO!" she screams, shooting up in her bed. Finally awake from the terror she just witnessed. "What did I do?"

She flings her covers off, breathing heavily. Shifting and shuffling to the edge of her bed. Swings her legs down, firmly placing her feet on the floor. Her back feels heavy. Pressure radiates from her shoulder blades. Reaching back to rub the ache away. In shock she sits up straight. Unable to fully sit up, she falls forward, tumbling to all fours onto the floor. Large velvet black wings cover her. She stumbles to her feet. Unbalanced, she tips to one side. Catching herself, only to flounder to the other side. Not quite getting it right. She hunches over, spreading her arms out to either side. A wobble. He forces her right forward, planting it for balance. Finally standing still. A sigh of relief escapes her lips.

Cautiously, she pulls her torso up. Lowering her arms to her sides she holds onto her balance. A look of concern rips across her face. How do I make it to the doors? Her brain spins with the thought. With a quick jerk of her body she turns towards the doors. She wobbles, wrenching her arms outward she stabilizes herself. She gently slides one foot in front of the other, slowly closing the gap between her and her escape. Her wings shift, throwing her off kilter for a brief moment.

Triumph, she makes it to the doors she grips the door knobs, pulling them open. With a new found confidence she walks out into the hall. Every now and again she wobbles with her steps.

******

Two feet from the set of stairs she stops, wondering how she can get down without falling over. She leans on the wall next to her, catching her breath. It has been exhausting just to make it this far and she has further to go to make it to Johnathon's room.

"I have had enough of you and your games!" A familiar voice bellows from behind her. She peeks over her shoulder to see Zuel standing there. His arms crossed over his stomach. His face is twisted with anger. The marks on his face, faint from his attempt to wash it away. 

"I really don't have time for you right now, Zuel." she chuckles at the recollection of her art work.

"I will make you make time for me!" he snarls. He raises his hand, sharply slams it down to his side. His action calls fourth ten different demons still in their human shapes. They sneer at her. Their fury evident on their faces. They are out for blood, her blood. She closes her eyes to open them to a different color. That aqua glow of her being shifting into another creature all its own.

Her posture straightens. Her wings spread behind her. Just like in her dream, they are twice the size of her. Power races through her veins, "Bring it," she demands. The golden staff appears in her hand. As she did in her dream she slams the sharp end into the floor, cracking it. But no wave of energy. The demons do not fall. She's not worried. It causes her to smile wide at the challenge before her. "I needed to stretch out my wings!"

"GET HER!" Zuel screams in frustration. 

The demons hesitate with the sight of her massive wings. Each giving one another a look, unsure of what to do. One by one, they shift into their demon forms. Ugly monstrosities, drooling and seething at the mouth. Their clawed feet clink and tap on the polished floor as they approach their victim.

"This is taking too long!" she sneers, charging forward using her staff for balance. Her two legs boosts into the air, belting one of them in the chest. He shuffles his feet to keep upright. In the end he falls hard to the ground, tumbling down the flight of stairs next to him. She spins in a circle, extending her wings open. The motion creates a saw like sound, cutting down six of the monsters where they stand. Their bodies fall into piles of ashes laid out on the floorboards. One causes his form to be displaced between time and space. Flashing in one area, then another until he's right in front of his prey. She gives him a mischievous grin and thrusts her hand up under his chin before he can even think of shifting again. The power in her grip holds his steady. Electric blue bolts discharge from her shoulder down her arm and out her hand into the creature. Her victim crumbles into another heap of ash. She turns herself to face the last two. Terror written on their faces, they up and run away, not wanting anything to do with this anymore. 

"Zuel. You must stop this crazy notion that I am out to hurt your master. I'm not here for that." Her voices softens, "Believe me. Doing this is a betrayal to him and yourself. I'm begging you not to go any further. I do not want to hurt you or kill you!" Her pleas fall on deaf ears as Zuel charges forward. In one smooth movement, he is laid out onto his back. "Please, Zuel!"

"You'll have to kill me first before I will ever stop!" Zuel snarls, glaring up at her.

She closes her eyes and lets the tears fall. In one quick adjustment she transfers the staff above her head with the dagger end pointing towards his heart. "Zuel!" she sobs, "Please, concede!"

"Never!" he howls at the top of his lungs. She slams the rod down. She turns, leaving the baton vibrating, sticking out of the floor in between Zuel's arm pit and chest. As she begins to walk away, Zuel jumps to his feet to attack. Lord Asmodeus catches his arm in mid swing.

"My lord!" he chokes in fear.

"She let you live even after you would not concede!" he states in a disapproving tone. Lord Asmodeus changes his hand into his talon. Pulling back he aches it forward. He does not connect. Sarah stops him from harming Zuel.

"Johnathon. If you do this, you will regret it," she calmly expresses, gently smiling at him.

"Demons do not regret!" His anger now turns towards her.

"I know that, my lord, but also you consider him a loyal friend and servant. Killing him would not help you in the near future when he will be most needed." She places her hand on his cheek. A shiver of dread crosses her face. Quickly she releases him and steps away. The nightmare still fresh in her mind. Her wings fold in behind her disappearing from sight.

"You should be grateful, Zuel. She has spared your life twice in one night." Lord Asmodeus smirks, placing his servant back down on his own two feet. She nods to both of them and walks back to her room.

"Please forgive me, sire! I was only protecting you!" Zuel bows, whimpering. He knows his punishment has yet to come.

"Bring Hecate here at once. I'll think of your punishment later!" he commands, leaving Zuel to stand alone in the hallway.

Lord Asmodeus' face shifts from anger to worry, "Wings, she has black wings?" he questions himself out loud, "What is a Legacy? Who is she?" He cannot help the growing concern in his mind as he walks back to the drawing room where Lord Murmur still sits. Hecate's words begin to run through his mind over and over again. Protection that can destroy worlds? Questions, questions with no immediate answers to them. Out of frustration, he punches the wall leaving an imprint of his fist.