 The night carries many strange stories, some terrifying and horrible, for the night is the realm of the unseen. If you listen to those unseen voices of the dark, you can hear tales that will blast your mind and soul. One of the voices flying the night winds tells of the entity known as Chulauga. Come now, and read what the night wind speaks.

Kathy Brenner and Carl Holmes first learned about the treasure from the dying lips of Dr. Jason Grimms, an expert on Central American, pre-Columbian history. For many years, Dr. Grimm had devoted his life to the study of a certain Native American culture, which sprang up in Central America and suddenly vanished, almost without a trace. It was only with extreme difficulty, over a period of many years, that Dr. Grimm was able to gather enough information to allow him to piece together an incredible legend. Almost 1500 years ago, there lived a people called the Ulimina, a people of unknown origin, having customs, language, and racial features far different than any of the other people inhabiting the land. The Ulimina had only one god, a deity they named Chulauga. It was believed that the Ulimina’s high priest of could summons their god to appear, for a short while, in the mortal world. Almost overnight, the Ulimina rose to dominate the region, subjugating and enslaving all other tribes. Then, there came a fateful day, when the enslaved tribes rebelled, rising up in bloody wrath. Within a few days the Ulimina people were destroyed. So intense was destruction, carried out by the rebelling tribes, that most of the artifacts of the Ulimina were erased from the face of the earth. However, certain clues of the Ulimina’s culture survived the destruction: fragments of strange pottery, craved figures, and seldom spoken legends, handed down through the ages by the natives.

After a quest that lasted most of his adult lifetime, Dr. Grimms had found the ruins of the Ulimina’s greatest temple. The temple lay concealed under a densely overgrown mound, in the jungle, far from civilization. Jason Grimms believed that the ruined temple, was the very place from which the high priest of the Ulimina, had called forth Chulauga. Deep within in a central chamber of the ruins, Dr. Grimms found a great trove of golden artifacts, which he felt, would assure his place among the leading archeologists of modern times. It had been Dr. Grimm’s intention to go to the government, of the small Central American country and inform them of his findings, but he met Kathy Brenner and Carl Holmes first. In his excitement over his find, Jason Grimms had hinted about his discovery to the pair, and those hints were to prove fatal. The couple managed to kidnap the doctor, and through torture they learned the location of the hidden temple of Chulauga. 

The team of Carl Holmes and his lover Kathy Brenner had successfully mastered smuggling, gunrunning, drug trafficking, artifact theft, and a host of other crimes. Carl Holmes was a handsome, thirty-five year old man with dark hair and black eyes. He stood a little over six feet six inches tall, and his 230-pound frame was solid muscle. To look at Kathy Brenner, one would never imagine her as a criminal. The pretty, thirty-one year old, brown hair, blue eyed woman stood five feet seven inches tall and weighed 125 pounds. Her attractive figure, full red lips, and innocent eyes gave no indication of the corrupt soul that resided within her. She was one of those women that exude sex appeal, and it was that attribute, which had allowed her to easily lure Jason Grimms to his doom. Together, the duo had put together a daring, well-trained, well-armed gang that had made them rich.

It did not take Brenner and Holmes, accompanied by six of their gang, long to venture into the jungle and retrace the steps of Dr. Grimms. They posed as archeologists when they entered a village not far from the temple. Their intention had been to use the village as a staging area, from which to plunder the ruins. However, when Carl told the village chief about their destination, the old man adamantly refused them any aid.

“That place is forbidden,” the headman of the village said. “It is a place of evil. Do not go there! Seldom do we speak of that evil. Many, many years ago, an evil people lived in that place. Those people called upon forces of darkness, which are best left forgotten. Their foul god came forth and had union with their women, the offspring of those unholy couplings, were a race of demon people. Aided by their unclean god the demon race conquered all the land, enslaving those people they did not kill. In their pride, the demon spawn allowed their god to sleep, and as the god slept, my ancestors rose up and destroyed the evil ones. The temple was sealed, and it must not be unsealed. You must not take the woman anywhere near that area. A man might enter and leave without awakening terrible god, but a woman would surely rouse him from his sleep.”

The people of the village became so agitated, when Carl insisted on going forward, that it was only by a show of force that the gang made it out of the village. They moved quickly away from the village, keeping watch for any sign of pursuit. 

“That was close,” one of the gang member’s said to Carl, “I thought we were going to have to kill some of those villagers to get away.”

“Well, I guess they must have found out about the gold,” Carl replied. “They probably were counting on having it all to themselves.”

“Instead,” Kathy added, “we’re going to walk away with everything and they can remain as they always have been—poor. Consider it, our contribution to maintain the natural order of things around here.”

So, they continued on until they reached a mound, covered by jungle overgrowth, which matched Dr. Grimm’s description of the location of the temple. Quickly, they found the entrance–everything was exactly as Dr. Grimms had described it. The floor, of the passageway, was covered with the dirt of ages. Roots of countless plants had forced their way between the cracks, of the stone blocks that lined the way leading into the hidden structure. A heavy, musty, damp odor filled the air and hinted at unseen molds and fungi. The stone passageway lead down, deeper and deeper into the earth, ending in a room so immense that the flashlights of the gang could not illuminate the far side. 

As they walked out into the center of the room, their lights revealed a jade statue set upon a three-foot square block of stone. The being represented by the statue was a thing out of a nightmare, an entity that had a manlike head, but in the place of arms had a mass of tentacle-like protrusions, and instead of legs, its torso seemed to blend down into a great pseudopod. From the being’s lower torso three, long, penis-like appendages curved wickedly upward from its body.

“Nice looking guy,” Kathy laughed as she looked at the statue, “must be Chulauga. He must have been quite a date on a Saturday night!”

“Hey,” called out one of the men, “look over here!” The man’s flashlight reflected the glint of gold piled against the far wall. 

“I think we found what we came for,” Carl’s voice was filled with triumph, as he and the rest of the group moved to stand before wondrous pile of golden artifacts. “Boys and girl, be prepared to become, very, very rich.”

So enthralled was the group, by the pile of gold, that they did not notice a dense mist was rising from the statue behind them. They did not see a blackness, deeper than the darkness of the ancient temple, begin to take shape beside the statue. The blackness took on the general form the statue, but stood towering over it, like a putrid giant, in the center of the room. Tentacles reached forth from out of that black form, striking with a savage fury. Carl and most of the men were grabbed by the tentacles and pulled back toward the diabolical shape. Kathy screamed, as the remaining men fired their weapons into the dark, squirming mass. With terrible suddenness the men encased by the tentacles were pulled limb from limb, sending a curtain of blood to coat the temple’s stone walls. Kathy stood petrified in horror as she saw the bloody remaining remains of her lover. Seeing that their guns had no impact upon the thing before them, the rest of the gang tried to flee from the room, but in an instant the tentacles again slashed out, tearing the men to pieces. 

The walls of the room echoed with Kathy’s screams. Her eyes dilated wide as she saw two fiery eyes open in the demon’s head, eyes that focused in on her trembling form. Kathy wanted to flee, but her legs gave way beneath her. The thing slid across the floor toward the terrified woman. Its tentacles reached out and grasped her tightly around her arms and legs, lifting her up from the floor. Other tentacles flew out and ripped the woman’s clothing from her body. Two of the tentacles attached themselves gently over her nipples, while three long, rigid cocks obscenely rose from the demon’s lower torso. The tentacles wrapped firmly around the woman’s legs forcing her legs wide apart.

“No! No!” cried the Kathy. “Don’t!”

One of the monster’s cocks plunged deep into the struggling girl’s cunt. Another, even longer cock, quickly rose from the creature and plugged her pleading mouth. 

“Long has it been since I have been called forth,” a voice boomed inside the ravished woman’s head. “I have waited ages, and my lust is mighty. I must empty my cocks, of the burden of years of long fast.”

Kathy had never had her cunt so filled. The giant cock relentlessly worked its way, in and out, of the struggling woman’s pussy. Her tits tingled, as the ends of the tentacles sucked upon her nipples. She tried to bite the cock-like tentacle in her mouth, but the thing was like leather and ejected a slimy fluid into her mouth. She tried to spit the slime out, but the thing continued pumping more of the foul fluid into her mouth, until she was forced to swallow. Shortly after swallowing the creature’s slime, Kathy began to feel a warm, growing lust begin to fill every fiber of her being. She felt, as if a thousand tiny fingers had sprung out along the giant cock in her cunt, to titillate the inner walls of her pussy. No man had ever fucked her so thoroughly. Kathy’s pussy began to move in time to motion of the cock filling it. Her mouth now began to avidly suck the cock that filled it, and she drank deep of the vile nectar that sprang from its tip.

“Ahh,” The voice came again into her mind. “I shall fill you, as you never have been filled before, and you shall be my slut upon the earth, bringing forth my people anew. How sweet is your cunt, and how well your small mouth receives me! Now I shall fill you completely.”

The demon’s third cock swayed back and forth, winding its way up woman’s body to burrow between the cheeks of her buttocks. Almost gently, it probed Kathy’s asshole, going in bit by bit, until it began undulating, with the same wild rhythm, as the cocks in her mouth and pussy. Gone from Kathy’s mind was any thought of her mutilated lover. With an unreasoning lust that shook her whole body, an orgasm overwhelmed Kathy and sent her to a level of sexual excitement, which she had never previously had dreamed existed. 

“Soon, I will fill you with my seed, as no other woman in ages has been filled!” the voice boomed. “I will shoot forth a flood of cum that has been hundreds of years in the making. Awww! It is close!”

Faster and faster, the cocks in her mouth, cunt, and ass moved stimulating the demon toward the release of its reservoir of cum. Kathy was experiencing orgasm, after orgasm, she was being fucked in every hole, while her nipples were being sucked as they had never been sucked in her life. Then, the world seemed to fly apart as the being shot out his seed, and it was great in quantity and vigor. The slime that she had received from the cock in her mouth was nothing compared to the gusher that suddenly came pouring down her throat, almost drowning her with its intensity. Her bowels were flooded, as the creature’s cock in her ass, let fly a steady stream of ejaculate. The cock in her cunt sent gusher, after gusher of cum deep her womb. Kathy’s abdomen became swollen, filled by the sheer magnitude of the flow of semen that shot out of the demon. Never in the hundreds of years had any woman received so much cum at one time; Kathy was fucked as few other women have ever been fucked.

Days later, Kathy made it out of the jungles of Central America. Her clothes were in rags, which were barely tied together, and a haunted look filled her eyes. She told her contacts that she had no memory of what had happened to her in the jungle and she was smuggled out of the country before the authorities began to ask questions.

Sometime later, after she had returned to the United States, Kathy moved into a small cabin far from the haunts of civilization. There from time to time, she would bring girls to stay with her, and in the night she would bring out a strange jade statue. Then, those present would know the joys of Chulauga, as he filled them and sent his seed deep into their fertile wombs. Thus, the race of Chulauga’s demon spawn shall be brought forth again upon the earth, even as Chulauga ravages the daughters of men.