 All four chapters of 'Churned' are available in ebook format (ePub & PDF). Please check the author's Bio for links. If you like (or love) these stories, please consider making a donation so I can write more fucked up stories. Bitcoin & Dogecoin addresses are contained in the 'Churned' eBook. 

Chapter 1: Churned In The Tub 

Chapter 2: Churned For A Creampie 

Chapter 3: Churned In The Dorm 

Chapter 4: Churned On The Beach 

***** 

Judy upended the bottle of warm coconut oil, pouring it over her exceptionally large breasts, slipping one hand under the small baby-blue triangle of her bikini top, making sure that every inch of tit-flesh was nice and slick. It felt wonderful. She'd waffled between using oil or sunscreen today, but the strange oily feeling of the coconut oil gave her tingles in all the right places, and it made her skin glow in the hot sun. She rubbed it in, generously. 

More's the pity that she was alone, without a soul to see her. This was a "private" beach that her sister, Jenny, had told her about. It belonged to a mutual friend of theirs, Dianne, whose husband had spent an extravagant amount of money keeping it private. Their house overlooked the cove where Jenny was oiling her breasts. 

There were only two ways to get to the cove. Go through the house, or through a well-hidden door in the privacy fence. Dianne and her hubby weren't home, so it had taken Judy thirty minutes to find the fucking door in the fence, and another ten to find the email she'd been sent with the keypad code. But now that she was here, those little stresses were forgotten. 

This beach was the perfect place to feed. Scenic, secluded, and sexy. 

Judy laid back and relaxed on the (unusually comfortable) air mattress, sighing as her pussy tingled, reacting to the coconut oil into both of her huge boobs. The air mattress was inlaid on this weird floating dock thing Dianne's hubby had made/constructed/bought, whatever. Twenty-by-twenty feet, wooden deck, it rose and fell on the tide, apparently. Now it bobbed gently in the knee-deep water, the cove shielding it from any big waves coming off the ocean. 

When Dianne and hubby weren't off sipping, slurping, and fucking in every exotic locale imaginable, they did a lot of feeding on the beach and dock. They also threw wild parties. Parties that Judy had, sadly, missed due to her own prudishness. 

I won't be missing those parties anymore! She thought, and poured more oil onto her body, covering her sexy tummy, thick thighs, and sumptuous legs. 

A few weeks ago, life had been different. She'd left so much behind when she started raising her son, Ryan. She wanted to avoid the lifestyle that had led to so much fun in her youth. But now that Ryan was a grown man, things had changed. Her older sister, Jenny, had re-awakened lusts dormant within Judy. Lusts that she'd thought were long dead. Her breasts tingled and stirred in the baby-blue bikini top. 

The girls were always hungry. 

And Ryan is coming home from college tonight. 

Judy needed a lot of milk to feed her strapping eighteen year-old son. He was a hungry boy, in more ways than one. 

Her phone dinged. 

>> I'm here, sexy. Keypad #? 

>> 39719, I'm on the dock thingy. Hurry up so you can oil my ass. ;) 

Judy's pussy tingled. Her Tinder hookup was here! Finally! 

A few minutes later she saw a handsome young man jogging across the sand. Tyrone. UNF, what a sexy name. Tousled blond hair, very tan, ripped (Oh my god, those abs!), nice calves, and his cock...He'd sent her two pictures of himself, one from the waist up, the other from the waist down. He had a luscious, thick, manly dick. And he was tan all over. 

Hubba hubba. 

Judy had sent him several risqué pictures of herself, too. They were two very attractive people. Oh, and the cherry on top? Tyrone had just turned eighteen. Like, six days ago. And he was a huge ass man. The picture Judy had sent him of her butt was followed by his waist down picture with the caption: 

>> I want to be balls-deep inside that booty. 

She'd squealed in delight because she wanted the same thing! What a coincidence! 

Barely legal meat is the best meat, she thought, licking her lips (all three pairs) and standing up, adjusting the baby-blue bikini for maximum effect. Tyrone's cock was clearly visible in his black trunks, his ripped body glistening in the sun. She could smell him. 

He reached the dock, wading through the knee-deep water where it bobbed, vaulting up onto the deck that held a woman who looked like she'd stepped straight out of an incestuous hentai pornographic movie. 

Judy was tall and curvy. Really curvy. Her curves on another woman might have been called 'fat' or 'obese', but on her, they were voluptuous. Her breasts (fully dialed down) were FF cups, and they strained against the material of the baby-blue bikini. (It didn't help that she'd taken a razor to the straps, cutting into them so top and bottoms would burst apart when/if she needed them to.) 

She was 'blessed' with an enormous heart-shaped ass. Men had, literally, died between her massive ass-cheeks, and thanked her as they expired. Her face was exceptionally feminine, with pouty red lips and bright green eyes, framed by medium-short blond hair that brushed her shoulders. 

In past ages, men would have worshipped her as a goddess, and paid their entire fortunes to for an evening between her thick thighs, banking on the off-chance that their seed would be strong enough to take root in her hungry womb. 

"Hhhiiii Tyrrroonnneee," Judy purred. "You look even better in person." She walked toward him, hips swaying, tits jiggling. Tyrone's mouth hung open, eye-fucking every part of her that he could see. She brought a finger up under his chin, tilting his head up so she could look him in the eyes. "You wanna take care of my ass for me?" 

He brought a hand up and gripped her wrist, bringing Judy's hand up to his mouth, sucking on a finger. Uuugghhhh, thought Judy. SPLOOSH! He popped the finger out of his mouth. "Just your ass?" He inquired, in a smooth, sultry voice. Hot damn! Judy's thoughts continued: Major SPLOOSH! 

"You can take care of everything, Big Boy," she cupped his bulge, squeezing. "But my ass needs your attention first. I need it nice and slick." She turned around and bent over, thrusting her heart-shaped, man-crushing, gravity-defying ass against his erection. He grabbed both ass-cheeks with both hands and squeezed, watching his strong tan hands sink into the pale flesh. He gave one a hearty smack. Judy squealed, "I've been a bad girl, Tyrone. But before you punish me, let's get my ass nice and slick, okay?" She straightened up, walked over to the air mattress, and laid down. 

"Grab the coconut oil already!" 

Her girls pressed into the soft covering on the mattress, they were shaking in anticipation, excited at the presence of a delicious man. I know you're hungry, but I'm going to have my fun first! 

Judy heard the sound of swim trunks hitting the deck, then she saw them sail over her head and plop right next to the edge of the dock. She shivered in arousal and restrained the impulse to look over her shoulder. A stream of warm oil hit her ass. "Tyyyrroonnnee, yyyesssss. Get that big ass wet!" He smacked one of her cheeks again. 

Tyrone's cock felt like an iron bar. The massive ass of this luscious, perfect MILF destroyed anything his most perverted fantasies could ever cook up. She giggled as he gave it another smack, oil splashing everywhere. He squirted it in the crack and watched it soak the baby-blue bikini bottom. He could see the outline of her cunt-lips through the material. 

Tyrone turned the bottle of coconut oil on himself, pouring it over chest, abs, and cock, keeping one hand on Judy's lovely butt. He dropped the bottle and jerked his cock a few times, it was harder than he'd ever seen it, the head was dark, purple, and angry. 

Judy got up on her elbows and looked back at him, biting her lower lip when she caught site of his manhood. 

"Before you stick that big thing in my ass, I want your tongue back there," she giggled again. "I made it nice and clean this morning when you told me you were an ass man." Judy laid down again on her stomach, this time reaching back with both hands to spread her ass cheeks. He pulled the bottoms aside so he could get a good look. Buried between the two cheeks was a cute, puckered asshole. 

It winked at Tyrone. 

He wasted no time. Tyrone inverted the bottle of coconut oil and shoved the business end between those two jiggling ass cheeks, lining up the nozzle with the puckered little star, and pushing. 

"Woo, whoa, whoa! Wha- What are you doing back there?" 

Tyrone laughed. "What can I say? I like coconut, and I've always wanted to try...this!" He squeezed the bottle shooting warm streams of creamy coconut oil deep inside Judy's fat booty. 

"WOW, that feels weird. But good, so good! Ugh, ooh, ah, ah, ah!" 

Tyrone shoved the bottle deeper, squeezing harder. It was a big bottle. 

"Oh, you bad boy, don't waste it all on my butt! I only brought the one bottle!" 

"I'm not wasting it, honey, trust me." Tyrone grinned as the bottle ran dry and tossed it aside. It donked along the wooden deck and rolled over the side into the ocean. Oops, didn't mean to be a litterbug, Tyrone thought. Oh well. 

Judy's ass felt oddly full. She'd taken big dicks back there before, so she knew what being full felt like. But this was a different kind of full. All that oil sloshing around in her butt felt...good. Really good. 

Tyrone stood back and admired Judy's puckered asshole. It kept winking at him, oil leaking from it at every wink, trickling down to (what looked like) shaved pussy-lips. "Keep holding those cheeks open, baby." 

"Yes, sir!" Judy replied, cheekily. 

The hung eighteen year old knelt down behind her, kissing each cheek and nibbling at the skin with his teeth before he sank his face between both. They were really big. Bigger than he thought. In order for his mouth and tongue to even reach that puckered star, his face needed to be squished between each cheek. He actually had to use his face like a plow to push them apart. 

God, this woman is so fucking hot. His face was squished between her huge buttcheeks and he was about to drink coconut oil out of her tight ass. Fuck yeah. 

Tyrone pressed his lips and tongue against Judy's asshole, which elicited a shriek of pleasure from her. A surge of coconut oil exploded out of it, coating his face and squirting into his mouth. He choked as the oil filled his mouth to the brim and tried to enter his throat. His first reaction at choking was to try and pull away from Judy's sexy sphincter. 

But that wasn't in the cards. As soon as he tried to pull back, her ass sprang into action. She squeezed both cheeks, hard, holding his head in place. 

What the fuck? 

He placed both of his hands on her ass and tried to extricate himself. His head didn't budge an inch. More oil flooded his mouth, he spit some out, and swallowed more, still choking on the excess that he couldn't handle. His ears were covered by her butt, so the moans and squeals coming from Judy were muffled, but the noise still traveled through her flesh. With each surge of oil that threatened to flood his lungs and drown him, she moaned, loudly, and kept up - what seemed like - a constant stream of dirty talk. It was a pity he couldn't hear what she was saying... 

"Drink that hot oil, nasty boy, yeah! You dumped the whole bottle in me, you're going to swallow all of it, ALL OF IT! Yes, yes, yes! 

"Mmmmph! Mmmmph! Mmmmmmm!" He replied. 

Tyrone's breathing was labored. He was trying to gulp down air through his nose and it was not going well. His tongue was firmly stuck in Judy's asshole. It was sucking on his tongue, and had drawn his face in further than he thought possible. It squirted another mouthful of oil into his mouth. 

Judy savored the feeling of sucking on Tyrone's tongue with her asshole He wiggled and squirmed, trying desperately to get some space to breathe, to take a break. She relaxed her ass and Tyrone dislodged himself with a SHLUCK!, falling back on the mattress, coughing, face and chest covered in coconut oil. He felt the dock shift and dip as Judy moved. He coughed again and tried to scoop the coconut oil away from his eyes before he opened them. A towel hit him in the chest. He used it to clear most of the goop away from his face. 

When he opened his eyes, Judy was laying on her side a few feet away from him, her huge tits still unfortunately held fast by that tiny baby-blue bikini... 

"Did you enjoy yourself?" She asked, saucily. 

"F-fuck, yes. Wow! That was...intense." 

Judy extended a hand and wrapped it around the base of his cock, giving it a nice squeeze. Despite being a big woman, she had small hands. Both of them could have easily wrapped around his shaft and left a few inches to the open air. 

"My ass is hungry for something bigger than your tongue...What do you think? You want to fuck me in the ass, Tyrone?" 

Thirty seconds later Judy was on her hands and knees, Tyrone kneeling behind her. He grabbed the teensy baby-blue bikini bottom and pulled it down so it caught around her knees. He stared. The most perfect heart-shaped ass in existence was dripping with coconut oil. It dribbled from Judy's tight asshole down to smooth pussy lips. She brought a hand back to rub some in, dipping a few fingers into what looked like a very tight cunt. 

He wrapped a hand around his manhood and placed another on her ass, pressing the head of his cock against the sodden cunt-lips. 

"Ooohhhh, what are you doing there, you're not allowed to fuck my pussy yet, baby." 

"Why not?" Tyrone growled. "What if I want to fuck your pussy first?" 

"But I thought you were going to fuck my ass- OH!" Judy felt the head of Tyrone's beautiful penis slip in between her pussy lips and press against the opening to her vagina. "Oh Tyrone, maybe you should fuck my pussy fir-" He pushed. The head of his cock popped inside her cunt. "Yyyeeesssss," she hissed. Judy looked over her shoulder at Tyrone. 

The look on his face was fierce, masculine, concentrated. He grunted as her insides gripped the head of his penis and tried to pull him in further. He moved his hands from her ass to hips and got up off his knees, bending his legs so he was crouched behind her. 

She knew that look, that position. She knew what he was trying to do. This young man on fire with lust for her body and was going to fuck the shit out of her. 

Oh no, she thought, mentally giggling to herself. Anything but tha- 

Tyrone bellowed a wordless cry and thrust every inch of his fat cock into her tight twat. 

"FUCKING SHIT, YES, YES, YES! FUCK ME!" Judy shrieked. This big-dicked adonis was balls-deep in her honey-pot and it felt fucking amazing! He was fucking her like Ryan fucked her. Just like Ryan, just like her son! She thrust back as hard as she dared (She didn't want to break the poor boy, not yet!) and screamed her head off as Tyrone fucked her like a savage. 

Tyrone's toned calves and thighs burned with exertion. Each thrust into her tight cunt was punctuated with a loud grunt, each withdrawal, an angry hiss. Every second that he wasn't balls-deep in this top-heavy fat-ass whore was a second wasted! He wanted to stretch her cunt open and pump his cum inside her! All of it! Every load! Overflowing out of her pussy because there was too much cum, not enough space, fill her to bursting, then do the same to her ass! 

Judy's girls jiggled and swung with each of Tyrone's thrusts. Her nipples pushed at the fabric, wanting to be free, and it was a struggle to keep them in. Not yet, girls, just wait a little longer. You'll get yours soon enough. As hungry as her pussy, asshole, and mouth were, her titties were hungrier. She couldn't remember a moment when she looked at a yummy man and didn't imagine wrapping one of her big boobs around his body, Slurping him up, churning him into-  

Tyrone screamed "I'M GONNA CUM!" 

"Put it in my ass, baby!" Judy pleaded. "I want to feel your cum in my tight asshole, pretty please, Tyrone? OH!" He withdrew his slick cock from her pussy and Judy sighed at the loss. He spread her ass them apart, angling his cock so he could penetrate her to the fullest. Judy braced herself. Tyrone's powerful hips thrust forward again, sinking his cock into her big butt with a SSHHLLUCCCKKK! that made both of them scream in pain and pleasure. 

As Tyrone forced his fat dick into Judy's tight ass, a splash of coconut oil burst from the tight hole, bathing the head of his cock and dribbling down to splash on the air mattress. 

Tyrone's thrust was powerful enough that the rest of his shaft quickly followed the head. In less than a second, he had thrust the length of his big dick into Judy's exceptionally tight butt-hole. It was hotter, tighter, better than her pussy. It squeezed him so hard that it hurt and he gritted his teeth at the pressure. All that extra oil that he hadn't swallowed was still bottled up inside it. 

Judy fell forward onto her elbows, biting her lower lip, eyes shut tight, trying not to scream bloody murder. 

"So big, so big, so big. Easy, baby, easy, easy." She whispered pleas for mercy to Tyrone. Give her some time to adjust, don't tear her ass apart, please, Tyrone, please. Pretty please? 

With a grunt, he withdrew from her asshole with another SHHLLUCCKKK, keeping the first few inches buried inside Judy. Her sphincter muscles attempted to push him out, involuntarily. He gripped her hips tighter, fingernails digging into the flesh, determined to NOT! be ejected by her ass, not when it felt so good. He was so close, so close! 

He feels like Ryan, just like Ryan, oh god! My baby boy feels so good fucking Mommy's ass! 

Tyrone thrust hard, again, using every single muscle in his hips to drive against the resistance, his cock seeking the core of her hot, slick tightness. He yelled in triumph as his stomach smacked against her massive ass, balls-deep in Judy's ass once again. 

"YES!" He screamed. "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING IN YOUR ASS!" 

"YES BABY, CUM IN MOMMY! CUM IN MOMMY'S ASS!" 

Her ass had never felt so full! Tyrone's dick, in addition to the coconut oil, felt wonderful. But when Tyrone came in her...It was heavenly. With each SPURT of cum, he thrust, short and hard. And there was so much! He pumped cum into her ass for a full minute, filling her until she felt like would burst. 

Once he'd spent his load, his cock softened and he fell back onto the mattress, spent, breathing hard, sweaty. Judy shivered as his cock left her butt, more cum and coconut oil dribbled out of her. She rolled over on her side. 

"Wow, just...Wow, Tyrone. That was hot!" 

"Uuunnngghhh," replied Tyrone, thoroughly agreeing with Judy's assessment. 

They lay still for a moment, staring up into the cloudless blue sky, the dock gently rocking on the waves in the cove. 

Judy recovered first, staggering to her feet and stretching, kicking her bikini bottom off the mattress. She wiggled her butt, experimentally. It sloshed, filled to the brim with coconut oil and Tyrone's cum. She bent down and grabbed one of his ankles, pulling him to the center of the mattress and standing over him. "You made a big sticky mess in my butt, Tyrone." She wiggled it, it sloshed. 
