 Chapter one

I checked the address again on the last text that she sent to me. "1231 Kaysin Street. B there @ 11:30. Don't B late. Ask 4 CherylS @ the desk." I checked my watch. It was 11:25. The building was non-descript. It was just a large white box with a covered driveway in the front.

A small painted sign hung from the awning that said "Circus" with a smiling clown face and the address printed below. There was no one else visible from the street in front of the building. 

"What the fuck" I thought, "No guts, no glory." 

I pulled my 735 into the driveway and up to the front of the building. Black glass doors with chrome fixturing were the only break in the building façade. 

I stopped my car in front of the doors. As soon as the engine died, the entrance door opened and a small man dressed in a white tux ran out and around to my car door. I could barely see the top of his bald head as he opened my door and ushered me out. 

He handed me a receipt and held his hand out for the keys. I hesitated for a second. The sight was just too bizarre for words. He suddenly snatched the keys from my hand, jumped into the front seat and without a word the engine roared to life and with tires screeching he was gone around the corner. 

Still undecided as to if I had just been carjacked by a midget or parked by the world's smallest valet, I walked up to the front door. I reached for the chrome handle but it opened inward before I could make contact. Inside there was a single purple light shining down onto a gleaming chrome desk. 

Behind the desk was an incredibly beautiful woman wearing a black vinyl body suit. Her blonde hair was pulled into a pony tail so tight that I could almost hear her skin around her eyes screaming to ease the pain. 

Her lipgloss was a shining black that caught highlights from the purple light above. She wore no other makeup. A single silver cross hung around her neck and lay between her vinyl covered breasts as if to ward off any evil. 

She brought an iPad up from under the desk and said "code in, sir" while turning the screen for me to see. There was a keypad on the screen, and I stared at it for a moment while trying to figure out what code she was talking about. Then I remembered the test message and typed "CherylS". 

The screen went blank, and for a moment I thought that I had done something wrong. Suddenly there was a break in what I had initially thought was a solid black wall behind the blonde woman. 

The break became an opening spilling out blinding yellow light. Out of the opening came another woman. This one dressed in a grey three piece suit. With her sensible shoes and horn rimmed glasses she looked for the entire world like she had just left her job as Vice President of something or other at the local bank before coming to Circus.

Cradled in her left arm was a portfolio which she opened as she stepped behind the desk. "Sir my name is Landry, and I will be your escort until your host arrives" she said. "Are you in possession of a phone, camera or any other recording device on your person?" she asked while looking up at me and adjusting her glasses. 

I told her that I had my iPhone. She held out a perfectly manicured hand and asked that I please give it to her for the length of my stay. I removed it from my jacket pocket and was about to ask her for the reason when she snatched it away from me quicker than I would have thought possible and dropped it into a silver pouch. 

On the front of the pouch was a photograph of my face that must have been taken as I stood in front of the desk. The pouch disappeared under her coat and then she pointed for me to walk around the desk and follow her through the opening.

The hallway that we walked through was also painted black, and there were more black windows on either side of the hall just below eye level. Every few yards there was chrome light fixture in the ceiling from which shone the annoying yellow light. At the end of the hall was another door. 

This one was easy to discern as it had a huge chrome lockbox below the ornate knob. From her pocket, my guide produced an enormous silver key that she slid silently into the lockbox slot. After a few seconds the door opened. I was slightly relieved that there appeared to be no unpleasant surprises behind the door. 

The room that we entered was large and had many doors. There was an opening just to our right and my guide walked up and pressed a button just to the right. A very tall man appeared. He was also dressed in a white tuxedo. He had to stoop to look through the opening. My escort opened her portfolio and said "zero three three eight alpha sierra tango." 

Somehow the code worked as the tall man left for a moment and then came back with three items; a plain white towel, a plastic cup and a small rectangle of black plastic on a silver chain. I was observing the items but at the same time thinking about the code she had given him. Something about it rang familiar to me.

Landry handed me all three items and turned the portfolio for me to observe. 

"Please sign here sir that you have received your towel, cup and key" she said as she handed me a silver pen. 

I signed where it seemed appropriate. She checked the signature, nodded her head and turned toward the far wall. 

"Please hold your key in front of you and press down on the middle with your thumb" she directed. 

I did as asked and one of the doors on the far wall opened. She stepped in front of me and recited in a clipped voice "You understand that once you enter, you cannot return to this area. Once inside your room you are to remove all items of clothing and place them in the locker inside of your room. You will then wait in the room until the monitor in your room activates. You will receive further instructions from the monitor." 

"While you are in the room you are encouraged to read the materials provided to you in the room. There is a shower and a sink in your room. There are also drinks and ice." She looked down at the plastic cup in my hand. 

"You are encouraged to shower so that you are as clean as possible. Soap and shampoo are in the shower stall. When you depart your room, please leave the cup and the towel. Place your key chain around your neck and under no circumstances are you to remove it until directed otherwise."

With that she turned her back to me and began to stride briskly back to the yellow lit hall. She hesitated a moment and looked back over her shoulder at me. The bank VP was gone. In her place was a grinning imp who barked a short laugh and said "enjoy your visit, sir." 

Then she was gone and I was wondering what the fuck I had gotten myself into this time.

Chapter two

I stood for just a moment while deciding what I should do next. Since there was no way that I was going to follow that vapid bitch up the yellow hall that left me with only one choice. I entered the open door and took a moment to check out what was before me. To the left there was a black and chrome lounge chair. 

On a black marble table beside the chair were several folders that I assumed contained the reading material that my guide had referenced. Also on the table was a glass pitcher with what looked like chilled water, a bottle of my favorite vodka and a bowl of ice cubes. 

In the back of the room was another door with a chrome handle. Beside the door was a small monitor. On the blue screen was the single word "Pending". To my right was a full length locker with a metal door that was open. Beside the locker was a shower stall. 

I decided that a shower would feel pretty good and maybe clear my head a little. I removed my jacket, shirt and pants and hung them carefully in the locker. My boxers and socks went into a small flat drawer, along with my wallet and the receipt for the car. There was a shelf for my shoes near the bottom. 

Upon entering the shower stall I noticed that there was a sink at the back of the shower that contained soap, shampoo, deodorant, comb and tooth brush with tooth paste. Every surface was immaculately cleaned and gleaming. Every item was placed in perfect order. Beside the sink was a low toilet that I had not noticed before because it too was black.

After making use of all of the available facilities, I wrapped the damp towel around my waist and lay on the lounge chair. I had no idea how long I was going to be here so I took the time to first pour two fingers of vodka into my cup with three ice cubes and then look at the folders that were beside the chair. 

The first folder contained several eight by ten glossy photographs of very exotically dressed men and women who shared one common attribute, all were wearing some type of mask. 

The first photo had a post-it note attached with the words "Please select three photographs and place them in your locker. Please leave the remaining photographs in the folder on the table" were written by hand in blue ink. The second folder contained a printed note from Cheryl.

"Darling, when you read this note it will be too late for you to turn back. I want you to know that the past month has been the most exciting, passionate, emotional and painful of my adult life. I have been thinking for some time of a way to show you exactly what I feel for you, and to give back to you just a little of what you have given me. I am sure that by now you have lots of questions. But knowing you the way that I do I am also just as sure that your curiosity is piqued and that you are flush with excitement as to what is going to happen next. I am so happy that you are here. The thought of you lying there naked, with a glass of vodka in your hand fills me with excitement for what tonight will bring. Please know that whatever happens, I will be there with you. All my love, CherylS."

I read the note a second time and then walked across the room and placed in into my locker along with my wallet. Ever since I had driven to this building, my mind had been in a state of sensory overload. 

While I had not known what to expect for this evening, this was certainly not what I would have imagined. I sat back in the chair again and took a long pull from my drink. I selected the first three photographs that were in the other folder without a glance as to who they were. I then placed these photographs in my locker as instructed and went back to the black chair. I sat down and closed my eyes and went back over the events that had led to my being here tonight.

Chapter three

I met Cheryl on a dating site that was designed for people with a slightly more erotic inclination than the standard sites advertised on television. A friend had told me about it one night while we were sitting in his club seats at the sports arena watching the local pro basketball club play the team from New York. 

He was telling me about the latest woman he was dating. I was expecting to hear tales of his conquest, but this time he sounded different. 

"I think that this might be the one" he said. He noticed my rolled eyes and continued "I am serious. I have been seeing Sylvia for over two months now and there is just something about her. We click on levels that I did not think would be possible since Tracy divorced me. I swear it's like she knew me in a previous life or something." 

Then he wrote down the name of the website and told me that I should check it out. "You can't stay single forever. You work yourself to much." 

"I know that you do that to keep from remembering what happened to Lee, but at some point you are going to have to let go of the past. It's time you started dating. I am just saving you some time and coin by having you skip all the standard public mush sites. Check it out. You can thank me later by inviting Syl and I to the beach house this spring. Who knows what will be happening by then?"

I stuck the note in my wallet and actually lasted two days before taking it out while sitting down in front of my Mac. I typed in the site address and clicked "enter." 

If I expected some sort of magic to happen, I was surely disappointed. A page came up with old school graphics that said "I Desire You" and a box below that said "Enter". I clicked the box and up came a typical profile sheet. 20 minutes later I had entered all of the required information, along with a recent photograph and I clicked "next." 

The screen went blank and stayed that way for long enough that I began to think about pushing some buttons when my cell phone suddenly rang beside me. I looked at the screen which indicated that the call came from "blocked." I was going to ignore it and try to reset my computer when something told me that maybe this is a call I should take. 

When I answered I heard a deep female voice say hello and she introduced herself as Ms. Anderson from I Desire You. She thanked me for completing my profile, and said that she had one or two additional items to enter to complete the application. She first wanted to confirm that I was indeed Alex Siler Trumain, that I was 42 years old and that I was born in Eureka, California. 

After confirming this to her satisfaction she asked if I was left handed or right handed. I thought it was an odd question but answered that I was left handed. She then asked if I was circumcised, and to describe the size and length of my penis. 

Now she had my attention. Without hesitation I told her that I was circumcised and that "my cock is absolutely what Goldilocks would love. Not too big and not too small. It's just right." 

I thought I heard a slight giggle from the other end of the line, but she continued in her same sultry voice. "Mr. Trumain, I am going to text you several sexual scenarios and several photographs. Please respond to each text with a simple Y for yes and N for no if the scenario or photograph interests you. You will hear back from us within the next 24 hours." 

"The last text will list our service pricing. Please respond again with a Y or N indicating that you agree to the charges for our services. Thank you for your interest in I Desire You. Have a pleasant evening." With that, she disconnected before I could say a word. 

I was still staring at the phone when the first text message came through. The sender was listed as Unknown. 

The message read "There is blood on your cock and an Asian woman kneels in front of you to suck it off." I almost replied "N", but for some reason changed my mind and typed "Y" and hit send. The next text came immediately and contained a picture of an extremely overweight woman, naked and eating a banana. I replied "N." 

The next text read "You are tied to a wooden post naked. Charlotte Bloodworth is standing in front of you eating an apple with one hand while touching her breasts with the other." I smiled and typed "Y" and was about to tap send when my whole body went cold. How the fuck did they know about Charlotte Bloodworth? Charlotte was the senior homecoming queen back in Eureka where I attended high school. She also gave me my first blow job. 

I looked at my watch. It had been maybe 30 minutes since I had sent in my completed profile sheet. That was a powerful database and research tool they were using. I made a mental note to do a little research of my own concerning I Desire You when I got to my office in the morning. I tapped "Y" and continued. This was turning into an interesting evening. 

Chapter 4

Three days went by after I completed the 40 text questionnaire. I was at lunch with one of my junior employees when I checked for emails and noticed that I had one from I Desire You. 

The email said "we have matches for you!" and contained three attachments. 

I opened the first one and it contained a profile and photographs of a voluptuous blonde in a red dress and black high heels who looked to be about my age. Her screen name was "Sultry Temptress." 

I read through the profile and was impressed. The IDY people had certainly done their homework. She was sexy, had a masters degree in education, loved wine and conversation and craved adventure and affection. On paper she looked like a match but something about the way she was posing in her pictures just turned me off. She looked too contrived. 

The second woman was a small woman with short black hair, big blue eyes and a chest that made me wonder how she was able to stand up straight. Her screen name was "Phitness Bitch" and she had a masters degree in chemistry and loved anything performed outdoors. And she emphasized anything! She was a weekend singer in a girl band and looked like she probably spent more time in a gym than she did in the chem lab. She specified that anyone she was with should have a hard body and be able to bicycle at least 50 kilometers. I liked the challenge and decided I would contact Ms. Phitness. 

The third profile was of Cheryl, A.K.A "Rustic Rose." She had light brown hair and green eyes that reminded me of the color of the jade ring my mother used to wear. In her profile picture she wore a simple cream colored dress and was standing with her feet together and her hands clasped in front of her. She had a huge smile on her face that seemed to radiate out at me from the display screen. She was three years younger than me, was recently divorced, had no children and was working on a master's degree in marketing. 

She listed her hobbies as "daydreaming, fantasy fulfillment and making all of my dreams come true." It was her description of the person that she wished to meet that really captured my attention. She wrote "I hope to find a man who has the same innate quality of passion and dreaming that I do. My desires are too much to hold inside of me. I wish to share them with a man who will appreciate, cherish and make them his own."

Chapter 5

That night I had a very disturbing dream. In the dream I was sitting on a park bench without a stitch of clothing. Charlotte Bloodworth, the version I remember from high school, was beside me sitting beside me, slumped over at the waist and giving me head. She was hearing her blue homecoming dress. A large snake slithered by in front of us. The snake turned to me while passing and hissed "nicessssssss". 

Charlotte turned her face up to look at me. I could see that her eye makeup was smudged and had traced down her cheeks as if she had been crying. "Is it satisfactory sir?" she asked. I just stared at her bloodshot eyes and she turned away and began sucking my engorged cock again. I turned to my left and saw Cheryl coming towards us, although at that time I only knew her as Rustic Rose. She was skipping. Her light brown hair was in soft curls and bobbed up and down with her movements. 

She had a striped lollipop in her right hand that she licked as she skipped. She was wearing a red dress, very prim and schoolgirlish except that is was so short that I could glimpse a pair of white cotton panties below. On her feet were sequined shoes that reminded me of Dorothy's in the Wizard of Oz. I remember thinking to myself that you are not supposed to see colors in dreams, however the dress and shoes were most definitely ruby red in color. 

Cheryl skipped up to us and leaned her head to the left and licked her lollipop as she watched Cindy Bloodworth suck on my cock like her life depended on it. "Alex?" she said in a sing-song voice. "Why are you not wearing any clothing?" she asked. "You know that we are visiting my father tonight, and it simply will not do for him to see you naked as a jaybird."

Charlotte turned again to look at me. Now her red lipstick was smeared all over her cheeks and covered my cock like blood. She was crying as she again asked "Sir, is it satisfactory?" and went back to sucking on my cock with even more urgency. I had a vague uneasy feeling that my orgasm was approaching. Instead of savoring the feeling, I was dreading it. 

"Daddy will be most displeased!" sang Cheryl and she turned and skipped away. I saw that she was now without panties and her round ass flashed at me as her dress flipped up with each skip. When she was about ten feet away she suddenly stopped and spread her legs far apart and leaned forward to touch the ground. The lollipop was in her mouth as she looked back at me with an upside down smile from under her perfect ass. 
