 This is an entry in the Literotica Halloween Contest. It is about a pair of vampires who are sexual predators, as well as sucking the blood from their victims. About Three fourths of the way through the story and again near the end, there are Ass-to-Mouth scenes involving a woman named Jeanette. If you fear this description will gross you out, you're probably right, so you might want to skip that part when you get to it. Otherwise, enjoy, and vote or not vote as you prefer. 

*

Buffy Benson yawned and stretched and, when she was through waking up, went to the window and looked out. It was not completely dark yet, but the sun had set some time ago and, by the time she finished her evening ablutions, it would be dark enough for her to safely go to her night classes. The life still seemed rather new for Buffy, and she still missed the sun, but she also knew the direct rays would be fatal to her. 

"New" is a relative matter, since it had been over a year since Buffy had gone from being a fresh-faced 19 year old sophomore at State University to becoming a vampire. While attending a class at night, she met a pale but pleasant young man named Conrad, and the attraction between them had been mutual. One night after class, while parked in a local lovers' lane, their making out in the back seat had been hot and heavy, and she was sure it was a prelude to some great sex, until he suddenly bit her throat. Wanting to avoid having a hickey, she tried to push him away, but his strength was too much for her, and he pressed his mouth to her throat until she passed out. When Buffy came to, they were still in the back seat of his car, but everything else in her world had changed. 

"You're a vampire now," Conrad had told her, "and you're my mate. Together, we will fly through the night and prey upon the unsuspecting young women and men of this campus and the neighboring city." 

She knew he was a student of drama, so Buffy thought he was playing a part and expressed her total disbelief in what he said, until Conrad showed her a number of proofs. "Take your compact out of your purse," he told her, "and see if you can see your image." 

She tried, and was unable to do so, even with the sedan's interior lights on, but she still didn't believe him. Next, he suggested she breathe against the glass of the compact and see if it fogged up from her breath. Buffy did that too, and her breath did not produce condensation against the cool glass, but the idea that she had become a vampire was still too preposterous for her to accept. 

"Okay," he said. "Let's see what you think of this." 

He moved over to the opposite end of the car seat, spread his arms and began waving them up and down. Seconds later, there was a bat flapping its wings where a young man had just been sitting. Buffy screamed at the sight, and tried to guard her hair from him, because she had always heard bats like to make nests in girls' hair. She thought that was just a superstition, but was not sure enough to take a chance on it happening to her. 

When he reverted to his human form, Conrad laughed at her. "Don't worry about me getting in your hair," he admonished her. "Worry about crosses and silver and, especially, direct sunlight, but morning is a long way off. We still have time to get it on in the back seat here." 

However, Buffy was no longer interested. She still believed Conrad had given her a hickey even though she tried to push him away, and their time together had gotten even weirder after that. Maybe he even slipped her some kind of drug to make her pass out and see things that weren't there, or not see real things that were. Whatever the case, she had no interest in him after that, certainly not for sex but not even as a friend anymore. 

"No!" she answered. "I don't want to anymore. Now take me home." 

Still a gentleman, Conrad had driven her home, but he cautioned Buffy as he walked her to the door of her dorm building. "I meant it when I said you have become a vampire, just as I mean it when I tell you I'm one too. Whatever you do in the morning, don't go outside, and keep the curtains or blinds on your windows closed. I'll call you tomorrow." 

He tried to get a goodnight kiss, but Buffy pushed him away and, this time, he didn't persist, but warned her again as she closed the door in his face. Buffy was still pissed off, and turned the collar of her jacket up so the hickey she was certain he had given her would not be visible. She met nobody she wanted to talk to in the hallway, and was glad when she closed the door to her private room. Most of the girls in the dorm shared their rooms with other students, but Buffy preferred to pay a little more for the additional privacy. 

When she woke up in the morning, she was still pissed off about what the jerk had done, or tried to do, and the load of bullshit he had told her. The effects of the drug she believed he had given her had kept her from seeing her image in the mirror the previous night, but she expected things to be back to normal after she got out of bed and went into her bathroom to get ready for her morning classes. Like most people, the first thing she usually did every day was urinate but, to her surprise, she had no need to do so that day, not even when she tried to force it. After giving up on that idea, she stepped up to the sink and mirror to begin her customary washing up. 

To her shock, Buffy had been unable to see her face in the mirror then either, and the previous night's events returned to her. Even with that evidence, she refused to believe what Conrad had told her, but she decided to play it safe and keep her window shades and curtains in place. She tried other experiments, lighting a match and trying to blow it out, but not even making the flame waver and wrapping a thin plastic sheet around her head and observing how it did not shape itself to her face when she tried to breathe in. At that point, Buffy became much less skeptical about the possibility. 

She was even closer to believing it after she received a call from Conrad on her cellphone. "You rat!" she exclaimed when she recognized his voice. "What did you do to me last night?"

"Like I said last night, I turned you into a vampire. I'm a bat, not a rat," he said while giggling at his play on words. "I thought you liked me, or I wouldn't have done it." 

"Well, what am I supposed to do now?"

"The main thing to remember now is to stay away from the sunlight. I can't go over there now, but I can meet you at the Student Union after sunset, and we can talk about it." 

"You mean I can't go to any of my classes or out to eat or anywhere else."

"You can go to classes at night like I've been doing, if you want to. You won't have to worry about eating today either, but we can talk about all that this evening."

Not knowing what else to do, Buffy reluctantly agreed. She returned to the bathroom and showered and shampooed her long, blonde hair and, when she tried to comb it, realized she didn't really need to watch herself in the mirror. Being blessed with a fine, creamy complexion, she had no real need to use more than a minimum of makeup, so she also omitted that part of her usual morning preparations. 

All she had to do after that was to sit and wait for sunset so she could go and meet the asshole who said he had gotten her into her predicament, although she still had some doubts there was anything wrong. It could still be the effects of some kind of hallucinatory drug, and she had heard there were plenty of them on the campus. Even so, she was reluctant to take any chances by going out into the sunshine. At least she had plenty of time to get caught up on her homework, but she wondered if there was any point in studying for classes she might have to drop. While she waited, Buffy thought about flapping her arms the way Conrad had, just to see what happened, but she couldn't bring herself to doing something that looked so silly, even though there was nobody around to see her. 

By late afternoon, Buffy puzzled over some other oddities. Although she hadn't eaten anything that day, she didn't feel at all hungry. There was no feeling of emptiness such as there usually would be when she had a long wait before dinner or cut down on food consumption while dieting. She also had no need to go to the bathroom. Buffy thought about what Conrad had said about her not having to worry about eating and decided that was something else she would have to ask him about when they got together after the sun went down. 

After looking at the clock and risking a peek out the window, Buffy decided it was dark enough for her to go out safely. The Student Union was a ten minute walk and, when she got there, finding Conrad was easy enough. He was sitting at a table by himself on the verandah in front of the building, and he stood up and smiled at her when she approached. Thinking about what he had done the previous night, Buffy scowled at him, but accepted the invitation to join him. 

"What's going on, Conrad," she demanded. "What kind of crap are you up to?" 

"I'm not pulling anything. Like I told you, you're a vampire now, as I am, and neither of us can change that." 

"I don't really believe you, you know." 

"Didn't I prove it to you last night? Didn't you prove it to yourself today? Could you see yourself in a mirror? Are you breathing? I'll bet you didn't eat or drink anything today, and yet you're not hungry. Why do you think that is?" 

"Okay, you're right about all those things. No, I haven't eaten today, and I'm not hungry. I haven't been to the bathroom all day either. Why is that?" 

"We don't eat in the usual way. I'm sure you know how vampires eat, and you should do that tonight, or you'll feel weak tomorrow. It's not hard to find some person out at night, and we have to just take a little blood from him or her. If we take too much, we'll turn them into vampires too, and I don't want to do that any more than I can help. I thought we could be soul mates; that's why I turned you, and I'm sorry now I did." 

"You mean you just grab someone and suck out a little of their blood?" 

That's about right, although you have to be careful about not being seen. There are people who have objections to beings like you and me and think we're some kind of evil monsters. I'm just trying to survive, like everybody else is."

The whole conversation seemed really weird to Buffy and, although she still didn't completely believe everything Conrad said, she had to admit the whole idea was starting to make a certain amount of sense. She decided to make him prove it, and not by turning into a bat like she imagined he did the previous night in his car. 

"Well, suppose we go and get something to eat? But how do we keep the people whose blood we suck from complaining? I can't help thinking, if there are bats running or flying around sucking blood from people, somebody would raise hell about it. I've never heard anything about it, except in a horror movie." 

"We have certain powers, and one of them is to put people into a kind of trance so they are acquiescent and have no memory of our biting their throats and sucking out a little of their blood. That's one of the things I can show you how to do, and there are others. It's really not as easy as you might think. Your teeth have to be placed just right if you're going to get more than a couple of drops from someone." 

"Okay, then, let's go and dine." 

"And after dinner, we can go to my place for some hot sex." 

Buffy really hadn't thought about that until Conrad mentioned it. "We'll see," was the most committal response she would give on that proposition. 

"Oh, you'll want to, and so will I. It's a big turn-on, drinking fresh blood. I do it sometimes with the women I feed on, if they're pretty enough." 

Buffy still had some misgivings, but she followed Conrad away from their table at the Student Union and out to a wooded area of the campus where students went to jog or commune with nature or fuck on the grass. She had often been cautioned to avoid the area after dark, because sometimes there were muggers or rapists who would prey on unwary persons walking there. She mentioned this possibility to Conrad. 

"He laughed. I hope we do run into someone like that. He'd be the one at risk, not us." 

They walked farther along a pathway until, abruptly, Conrad got his wish. A tall man wearing a handkerchief over his nose and mouth stepped out of the dark shadows beside the way, and he was pointing a gun at them. 

"Your money or your life," he snarled. 

Conrad stared at the man. "That's an old cliché. You should get some better dialogue. Now, put that silly gun away." 

"Yes, I should," the man replied, and he put his gun into his pocket. 

After stepping up to the now harmless man, Conrad told him something else to do. "Crouch down lower and bend your head to the left. No, your other left," he added, and the mugger bent his head in the correct direction. 

"Okay, come here," he instructed Buffy, taking her hand and pulling his young novice vampire toward himself. He guided her fingers to a spot on the man's throat. "That's the jugular vein," he told her. "That's where you're going to be dining tonight." 

As she looked, Buffy suddenly realized she could see perfectly, even though it was extremely dark under the trees. "It doesn't look very appetizing. Just how do I get him to start bleeding for me?" 

"I'll show you." The more experienced vampire removed her fingers and opened his mouth to press his teeth against where she had touched. "I just put a little puncture in his skin," he told Buffy. "Now, you put your fangs right where mine were and bite. It has to be in the exact place so you can sink your teeth into the vein that's right at the surface and suck out the blood." 

With some misgivings, Buffy did as she was told. When her mouth was near the man's throat, she thought she felt some kind of change inside and, when she bit down, she felt the tips of her canines easily puncture the mugger's skin and tasted a sudden gush of his blood. It was delicious! Somehow, it seemed the perfect food for her, even though it was rather salty and had a heavy flavor of garlic. With a great deal of enthusiasm, Buffy continued to suck blood from her first victim until Conrad pulled her away from him. 

"That's enough. You probably got about a pint out of him. That's enough for a good meal, but not enough to turn him into a vampire. I'd hate to have to take responsibility for keeping this guy out of trouble and probably exposing us." 

Feeling extremely satisfied, possibly more than she ever had after any other meal, Buffy looked closely at where she had bitten. There were two tiny holes, looking like pinpricks, with trickles of blood coming from them. She wiped the red fluid from his skin and licked it off her finger. It was delicious too, and she saw how she could rapidly become accustomed to this method of feeding. If, that was, it was really true, and not just her imagination. 

"What about you? Did you suck anyone's blood?" 

"Yes, a woman who was taking a shortcut home from the library. I didn't hurt her. She might be a bit weak for a couple of days, but nothing serious. Even the tiny holes I made in her skin will have healed by now. Take a look at this guy's neck." 

Buffy did, and was surprised to see the pinpricks disappearing before her eyes. No more than a few minutes after her teeth had been in his throat, the healing was complete. 

"We have some kind of enzyme in our saliva that promotes healing," Conrad told her. "It's a good thing, because I don't want anybody knowing about us." 

He emphasized that last word and put his arm over Buffy's shoulders in a very possessive way. "Now, let's go back to my apartment. I'm really horny over you, especially after you got so pushed out of shape last night." 

That reminded Buffy of the conclusion to the previous night's making out in his car. "Not so fast. I'm still pissed off at you for what you did to me. I didn't ask to be made into a vampire, although it doesn't feel too bad so far. I don't know that I want to go anywhere with you." 

"Look, like I said, I'm sorry about that. If I'd have known how you felt, I would never have turned you, but I really like you, and I thought you liked me too. Anyhow, what's done is done, and we might as well make the most of it." 

"Maybe that's how you think, but I don't want to get it on with somebody I'm pissed off at. Besides, how would I know you wouldn't bite me again?" 

"That's one thing you'll never have to worry about again. Vampires don't have any blood in their veins, so I wouldn't have any reason to bite you. Your blood was really delicious, by the way, some of the best I've ever tasted. How did you like this guy's blood, by the way?" he asked, pointing at the mugger who was still standing near them, a vacant look on his face. 

"If you must know, his blood was very tasty. Is it always like that?" 

"Some is better than others, but it's all good. Look, you don't have to come with me, but I'm sure you know you have a lot to learn if you're going to survive. I'll tell you what. I really am concerned with your welfare, so come to my place and you won't have to do anything you don't want to." 

Buffy thought about that. She still wasn't sure she wasn't having some weird dream or wasn't hallucinating from some drug Conrad might have slipped her, but she thought it was probably a good idea to follow him. If he was telling the truth, she had to trust him to survive. 

"Okay, but promise you won't try to pull anything." 

"I promise. Are you ready to go now?"

"How do we get there? Did you bring your car?" 

"Don't need a car. I can fly almost anywhere I want to go, and so can you. I'll show you." 

"Fly? Me?" 

"Yes. Just hold your arms out at your sides like this and start flapping them." 

As Buffy watched and imitated him, Conrad reached his arms out and started waving them up and down. She felt silly until, without any warning, the ground disappeared from under her. The newly transformed bat looked down and saw the dirt and grass she had been standing on, but she didn't see her feet. She started flapping her arms, which had become wings, and rose rapidly, almost bumping into a tree branch overhead. Buffy continued turning her body and flapping her wings until she started getting the hang of flying while her more experienced companion, who had also turned into a bat, flew in place nearby and watched her efforts. He landed on the ground; she followed him, and they both reverted to their human forms. 

"Flying isn't as easy as you might think, but you'll be alright with a little more practice. Now, just follow me." Once again, he started waving his arms up and down. 

Buffy imitated him again and, seconds later, she was following him as he flew high into the air headed south. They were above the trees, and she had no difficulty following him, until they flew to a tall building and he landed on the sill of an open window in the highest floor and jumped inside. Unsure of her ability to land as Conrad had, Buffy hovered outside, until he stuck his head, in human form again, out the window to talk her in. 

"Stretch your legs out until your feet land on the window sill, and then jump inside. Don't worry if you don't make it the first try, because you'll still be a bat, and you can come back and try again." 

Buffy was glad to hear that, and she did as he instructed her. On her first try, she stuck her feet too far out in front of herself, and fell backward when she tried to jump through the open window. Flapping her wings furiously, she rose above the window and returned to try again. This time, she landed properly on the sill, and a quick push with her feet propelled her through the window and she landed on the carpeted floor. She was in what was apparently Conrad's bedroom and, seconds later, she was a 19 year old woman again, sprawled out on the floor and exhilarated by her first experience of flying with her new wings. After seeing she had landed safely, Conrad pulled his head back in and stood looking at her and smiling. 
