 (This is a tongue-in-cheek Erotic Horror story. It contains representations of seduction, lesbian sex and light bondage. As always, your literary comments and your votes are appreciated.

A Happy Halloween to All!)

*

There are times in life when you take stock of yourself and ask: 'Where did it all go wrong?' The particular circumstance that I found myself in on that fateful evening was that I was sitting in a credit counseling service staring at a set of papers while trying not to check out the credit counselors gorgeous boobs. 

Ivanna Basarab was not at all what I would have pictured a credit councilor, or an accountant to look like. She appeared to be neither young nor old. She was quite tall. She had pale skin that was starkly offset by her jet black hair. Yes, Ivanna was exquisitely beautiful. And although it appeared that Ivanna was trying to keep her ample assets tucked away inside that frilly blouse and indecently short, slit skirt, it is entirely clear to me now that the opposite was true.

Unfortunately for me, such moments of clarity are usually reserved for the times in life after you have slid down to the point of no return on whatever slippery slope that you happen to be on.

Ivanna looked over the tops of her glasses and pointed a long manicured finger at the end of the first page while directing helpfully, "Initial here dear."

Startled, I looked up from her cleavage and stammered, "Yes, but I haven't finished reading the document... I normally wouldn't sign anything like this without my wife present."

Ivanna's beautiful blood red lips curled into a knowing smile and as she sympathized, "Yes, I realize that this process is difficult and the fine print doesn't make it any easier. But just as soon as you initial the first page, we can move on to the next page of the agreement.

If it will make it easier for you, I'll just explain each page more fully for you as it relates to the brief verbal explanation that I have already provided. Then you initial, or sign where I direct you to. Oh where are my manners? Drink your tea dear."

I hesitated before I took a comforting sip from the cup of herbal tea that Ivanna had made for me only a few moments before, while she had briefly explained the process that I was going to be subjected to. Then she had proffered the contract for me to sign.

"Well you see; it's just that... Jolene has been away for the last week, uh, on er, business. She did promise to be here tonight though; maybe I should just wait until my wife arrives."

Ivanna's beguiling green eyes sparkled as she slid a pen closer to my hand, "There, there now. I know all about it. Your case is hardly unique. You've gotten in over your head and now you need to have a helping hand."

Ivanna caressed my hand with an elegant blood red finger nail, "I am ready to be that helping hand Phillip. You just have to learn to trust me. Almost all of the happy members of my 'family' were hesitant at first, but once the document is signed they always feel so much better!

Now, the first page simply says that I agree to assume all of your existing worldly debts. Since only you seem to have a problem with resisting the unrestrained use of the credit cards that are in your name, I don't think that we need to wait for Jolene. Initial right here then turn the page. Now drink your tea darling." 

I wearily took a deep sigh then took another sip. I reflected that normally I don't even like herbal tea. I heard the impatient tapping of Ivanna's fingers on the desk top. Still I hesitated for another moment. I took another sip of the steaming hot herbal tea; I looked again at the jumble of words and had just a little more difficulty than before in focusing my eyes on the page.

A sharp fingernail pointed up under my chin and lifted my gaze to find Ivanna lounging comfortably across the back edge of the desk. Her impossibly long smooth thighs crossed towards me along the side edge of the desk. The cheek of her entrancing face rested comfortably on one lily white palm while the upper half of the unread document was now almost entirely obscured by Ivanna's plump breasts that strained insistently at the shear fabric of her blouse. 

Ivanna pouted, "Phillip, I'm going to have to make a small confession... I believe that our new relationship will be greatly aided by my making a clean breast of it, wouldn't you agree?"

I stared dumbly at the sumptuous cleavage before me, "Clean breasts...?"

Ivanna pressed the pen into my hand, "You see Phillip, Jolene has been staying with me for the past week. We have become quite close... and I am hosting a party tonight; you know, Halloween? You are my last appointment for this evening and I KNOW that you wouldn't want for me to be late to my own party, so you should initial here to say that I have fully explained this page to you."

I resignedly nodded my head and smiled in response to her warm welcoming smile.

Ivanna's beautiful green eyes flashed, "In fact Phillip, you should come to my party too; I would love for both you and Jolene to be my special guests of honor!"

I breathed in deep and detected the source of the intoxicating scent that had been slowly filling the room. It was Ivanna's perfume. I hesitated as her massive breasts jiggled invitingly before me. I swallowed while my head began to swim, I unsteadily initialed the page.

Ivanna purred while sliding the cup of tea to me, "Very good Philip! Now drink the rest of your tea while I continue.

The next page is simply a declaration that you have spent a lifetime overcompensating for your perceived inadequacies. Your mother was overbearing and as a natural result, your father began to feel emasculated. Naturally and through no fault of your own, he became needlessly oppressive towards you. This was most likely to make up for his own feelings of inadequacy at being so thoroughly dominated by his wife."

I looked up, not entirely certain that I had heard correctly.

Ivanna's shook her head sympathetically and pouted, "Your class-mates in school all picked on you because of your short stature and your insecurities. As a result, you undertook a program of body-building and joined your high school and your college wrestling teams... initial here, here and here. Drink your tea darling." 

I sheepishly initialed where commanded, while wondering why such details of my childhood should be a part of a debt consolidation agreement. Then I took a comforting sip from the cup and froze halfway.

Ivanna's accusing eyes shocked me out of my train of thought as she chided, "Philip, you must learn to drink your tea in the proper fashion; you will drink with the little pinky finger extended!"

I meekly extended my pinky finger and resumed wondering what the circumstances of my childhood..."

A single button popped open on Ivanna's blouse and afforded me an even more breathtaking view of her gorgeous breasts. Then Ivanna began to smile as she caressed my back and shoulder with the point of her shoe as her luscious legs curved ever closer.

I looked dizzily all around from her shins up to the place between her thighs where the ending of the skirt's slit denied me a look at...

"Phillip darling, you have finished your tea. You must let me pour another cup for you!"

Ivanna snatched the empty cup, rolled deftly off of the desk top and turned around to refill the teacup. She wiggled her rounded bottom as she continued to talk to the mirrored wall behind the desk while pouring the cup of tea, "Now the next page details you're your unhealthy obsession with the female body. These immature fascinations absolutely scream..."

Ivanna's breasts jiggled again as she turned back around and placed the cup before me, "...Ah, shall we say 'repressed homosexual urges?' But that of course would be simple Freudian terminology for what would be much more serious and deeply rooted psychological and spiritual problems.

I must admit that I found Freud to be boring little fellow with the most dreadfully simplistic view of human nature. I shudder to think that his theories are still taught in your schools to this day!

Now where was I..., oh yes, your envy of women along with your need to recast your lovely wife in the role of your idealized mother would be your quite understandable response to the confusion over your continual childhood humiliations and the feelings of inadequacy that you must have felt after losing your job. After all, you did spend the next four years, impotently sitting on your wife's couch, while she went out to work each day!

And so there you were: playing video games, amusing yourself with video pornography and maxing out your credit cards with online shopping. Of course you will admit that any real man would have simply gone out and gotten himself another job." 

Ivanna's tone turned icily judgmental, "Oh yes and then of course, there were the occasional beatings that you would subject you lovely wife to... Is something the matter Phillip?"

My mind reeled trying to understand how this woman could possibly...

Ivanna leaned from the waist and landed both hands on either side of my hands, affording me yet another dizzying look down her half unbuttoned blouse to where her nearly unrestrained breasts swung hypnotically before me. She looked at me dead in the eyes, smiling a dazzlingly beautiful smile and commanded, "Phillip, drink your tea! You will need to keep well hydrated. You can thank me later."

Ivanna's neatly manicured finger tip pointed, "Now initial here, here, here, here and turn to the last page. See this isn't so painful is it my little one?"

I drank down half of the cup while initialing where commanded and tried to understand why I felt so angry.

Ivanna sauntered seductively to sit herself on the edge of the desk before me. She propped one of her pointed high heeled shoes on the edge of my chair between my thighs, all but trapping my balls under her foot. 

I looked up dumbly as she finished unbuttoning her blouse and slipped it off, discarding it carelessly to the floor. "Now this last page simply states that you consent to enter into a personal services contract with me for the term of forty-eight months."

Ivanna unzipped the side of her skirt and tossed it away while confiding, "I was pushing for a life time contract, but your dear wife is such a kind hearted and clever lady. She made me an offer that I must confess I found too tempting to pass up! 

Drink up dear. Drink your tea."

Stunned, I quickly finished the rest of my tea, unable to tear my eyes away from Ivanna's long smooth thigh. She turned and I stole a momentary glance down to her neatly trimmed black haired bush that did nothing to hide her puffy pink lips and slightly engorged clit which was peaking up at me from under its hood, only inches from my dick that was now straining to free itself from the pressure of the pointed shoe and burst out of my pants. I watched as Ivanna twisted her trim naked torso, retrieving the document.

She took the empty cup from my listless hand and placed it aside. Then she put the document over her glorious pubic mound while swinging her other leg upwards, bracing the other high heel on the back of my chair, right over my shoulder.

"You should sign here, right next to my signature, Phillip."

I leaned unsteadily forward, slipping down between her cool porcelain thighs and scrawled my signature over the plush, uneven surface. 

Ivanna put the document along with her reading glasses aside and purred appreciatively, "Yes, there we are!" Then she commanded, "Now Philip, stand up!"

I struggled to obey the command while maintaining my balance and began to fumble for my belt to release my rock hard cock. Finally, with my trousers slipping down around my ankles, Ivanna slipped one tender arm around my torso. I looked across to her sweet face, but I listlessly noted that her appearance had changed.

Ivanna bared her shockingly long fangs and hissed menacingly. Before I knew what was happening, Ivanna grabbed me roughly by the hair on the back of my head and snapped my head back, exposing my throat. Then she quickly pulled me into her strong embrace. I felt Ivanna sink her needle sharp fangs into my neck while her green eyes glowed victoriously.

It must have been a few moments later, but I managed to open one eye when I heard Jolene chide gently, "Ivanna, you didn't have to seduce him, I already know what kind of a man he is!" Jolene skipped lightly into Ivanna's arms. "Besides, it doesn't matter anymore, I belong to you now."

Ivanna gloated, "Oh you must forgive me my darling, it was just a little 'dominance thing!'"

Then some man came and tied a cape around Ivanna's shoulders, "Thank you Otis, I took special care not to get blood on my clothes this time..."

Otis smiled and bowed, "You are kindness itself Madam."

I pried my other eye open and saw that Jolene appeared to be wearing a cape as well.

Jolene ignored me completely and giggled, "Ivanna, you were making me so wet while I was watching you through the two way mirror; I feel positively juicy!"

Ivanna smiled seductively and reached her hand beneath Jolene's cape, "Well let's just find out how juicy you are!"

Jolene cooed and shivered before Ivanna brought her hand back and licked her finger before offering Jolene a lick.

"You'll give me my second gift tonight after the party, wont' you Ivanna, you promised!

"Are you certain Jolene? It may not sound like a big step, but it is. The strengthening of your powers is no small matter." Then Ivanna explained what was involved in turning a human into a vampire.

Jolene just smiled and pushed Ivanna till she sat back on the edge of the desk. Then Jolene sank to her knees and buried her face in Ivanna's pussy.

Otis gallantly averted his eyes, "Ehem, Madam, may I ask if you will be taking Madam Jolene on her first hunt this evening?"

Ivanna closed her eyes and began breathing deeply while she ran her fingers through Jolene's hair, "Oh yes, that's it. Yes. Yes... just like that Jolene... Oh yes...! Yes...!"

Otis bowed slightly, "Very well then Madam. Madam Jolene, if I may ask you to be very careful. Blood stains are extremely difficult to take out..."

I must have groaned aloud as I tried to call out to Jolene, because Otis and both women stopped ignoring me at that same moment. 

Ivanna wiped the blood from her lips with a tissue, "Jolene darling, I believe that Phillip would like to know exactly what has been going on during this past week while you were staying with me."

Jolene turned and hissed as she bared her own diminutive fangs at me. Then, quick as a flash, she was on me. She wrenched my head the other way and sank her fangs into the other side of my neck.

The last thing that I remember before I passed out was Ivanna commanding. "Otis, take our new blood thrall back to the castle. I want him in full uniform and in a crow's cage until my arrival at the party. He may enjoy the view, if he manages to regain consciousness again tonight." 

If only I had stayed on my couch and never agreed to come to this wretched place!

The attractive young detective smiled reassuringly, "All right now, what was that about a second gift?"

I searched my memory, "The first time that the vampire lets you drink her blood, you become a vampire, but it's only temporary. The second time strengthens the vampire's hold on you and makes you hers forever. The third time makes you an immortal vampire! 

Detective, you have to believe me. She's out there right now we have to stop her! Don't you see? The lesbian vampires are taking over the world; they're seducing our women and making slaves of all men!"

"Phillip, please just continue with your story." 

It took a few minutes for me to calm down, "I woke up some time later. It seemed that I was suspended high above a room where there was a party going on. There were people who were dressed in leather outfits and masks who were sitting at a table, eating and drinking.

There were other people who were watching two people who were wrestling naked, only whenever one person would score a point or make a take-down, the person at an advantage was given the right by the referee to have the person at a disadvantage perform a sexual act, you know, like a few seconds of sucking their dick or having their pussy fingered..."

The detective looked up with a confused look on her face, "So men were wrestling with women and having sex?"

"No it was men wrestling with men, only the men had breasts... or maybe it was two women who had dicks... I can't be sure, the heavy wooden candelabra below me kept getting in the way. Anyway, one or the other would finally be declared the winner by the referee. Then the loser had to submit to wearing a dog collar and was given as a prize to the winner. The losers had let themselves be led crawling around the room by the winners. Then they would be given by the winners to anybody else who might want to fuck them in their ass or their pussy or have their dick or their pussy sucked..."

The detective looked at me like I was insane, "All right let's just keep talking about what was done to you."

"Yes of course, ummm, well Ivanna and Jolene arrived and they gave their capes to that guy Otis. Ivanna seemed to ask about me because Otis pointed up at me. Then Ivanna said something to him and left with Jolene.

The next thing that I knew I was down on the ground level and some guy who was wearing a leather mask started to make me drink something. I couldn't move and he kept pouring this liquid down my throat.

Soon my head seemed to clear..."

The detective interrupted, "Are you able to remember the face of the man named Otis yet? You've only been able to provide our artist with a description of the woman Ivanna so far."

"No it was so quick and I really wasn't concentrating on him..."

"...So are you saying that you may have been drugged while you were suspended above this orgy, or were you being drugged now by the man in the mask?"

I shifted in the wooden chair and pulled the rough blanket around my naked body, "I don't know; it might have been from the loss of blood..."

The detective prompted, "And this would be from when the woman Ivanna bit you on the neck?"

I looked around at the three or four detectives that were perched on the other desks all looking at me with amused smiles on their faces. "No it was from both Ivanna and my wife Jolene biting me. They're both vampires! Ivanna seduced my wife then turned her into a vampire and then they lured me to an office and bit me and then I was taken to a place where other vampires..."

"No, no, no, calm down... er..., Phillip, you're safe now. Just take a second, look around. Do you see any vampires here?"

"No..."

"Do you know where you are?"

"Yes, I'm in the police precinct."

"Well, see that's good. We're the police. We can protect you from the ah... lesbian vampires."

There was a chorus of stifled chortles from the other detective while the young woman detective continued, "and since it's almost dawn you can get some sleep soon. You know, they can't get to you during the day.

So why don't you just finish giving me your statement." 

I calmed down somewhat and tried to continue, "All right so I was put on a meat hook that slid along a track on the ceiling and the guy in the mask brought me to a bedroom."

The detective interrupted gently, "All right Phillip, I'm going to have to ask you about the meat hook, how did they put you on the meat hook?" 

I tried not to listen as some of the detectives started to giggle, "I guess it must have been through the metal ring in my harness. I was wearing some kind of a body harness and my arms and ankles were tied together behind my back."

"Oh good, see now that's important. Please continue... Phillip why are you looking at me like that?
