 The girl woke with the distinct feeling that something was wrong. Not seriously wrong, but awkward somehow. Through the haze of sleep she realized that she was splayed out on her back. She never slept on her back. Her pose of choice during slumber was curled on her side, her arm tightly wrapped around a pillow. And yet, she had woken on her back, and all of her limbs were stretched out, forming an 'X'.

She tried to open her eyes, and felt resistance. The last tendrils of sleep dissipated quickly as alarm coursed through her system. She realized that something very smooth and cool was wrapped around her head, covering her eyes.

Struggling to sit up, she felt the same material bound around her wrists and ankles, allowing her very little mobility. She tried not to panic, jerking her limbs to loosen the bonds, but to no avail. The material was strong enough to hold, and bit slightly into her skin.

Again, she felt absolutely helpless, and naked. There was a thin blanket covering her body, but she knew that she wore nothing underneath. 

"Ahhhh," She heard the half-sigh to her left. "You're awake." The voice was soft, but there was only one voice she knew that sounded like dark melted chocolate. It was him. The one who had bitten her. The sound of his voice sent a shiver of fear and, surprisingly, anticipation, across her skin.

"Wha… what are you doing…?" Her voice was hoarse and the words felt like glass scraping the inside of her throat.

The vampire sat in a large leather chair at the side of the bed that the girl lay upon. He wore only a black silk robe, and despite his casual pose, his eyes were glinting red with a predatory energy. He stood slowly, silently, approaching the bed. 

"I'm proving a point." He crooned. His gaze slid over her hungrily, and then flicked over to the figure sitting on the other side of the bed.

Fort sat glaring at the vampire, his eyes radiant with anger. He had been arranged in a chair, his hands were bound tightly behind him, and duct tape had been smoothed over his mouth. The vampire chuckled softly, watching Fortinbras carefully as he reached down to pull the silk cover off of the girl's naked form.

The girl was trembling, having heard the vampire's calculated chuckle. 

"Honey, you never did tell me your name..." The vampire admonished quietly. The sheet started to slide slowly off of her form and she jerked against the restraints, but it was more of an automatic reaction than any real attempt to free herself. 

"L-Lia." She whispered. Air rushed against her bared skin, and her nipples puckered against the cold and the magnified feeling of being naked and unable to cover herself. She moaned softly, powerless as sensations crawled across her flesh.

Though the master was slowly uncovering Lia, he was watching Fort, enjoying his reaction. Fort was seething, straining against his restraints. The rough rope scraped his wrists as he twisted and yanked. In all his years of service to the master, he had never had to witness any of the vampire's cruelties.

The master soon turned his attention to the girl, pulling the sheet away and revealing all of her. 

Her skin was smooth and pale, and he couldn't resist touching her. He trailed his finger up the inside of one calf, and the texture of her skin was like rose petals. He gracefully climbed atop the bed, kneeling next to her.

Lia felt the shift of weight near her hip and knew that the vampire had crawled up onto the bed. A sensation of vulnerability crawled up and down her skin, heightening her sense. She could feel every brush of air, every scouring glance over her skin, and she was very aware of the master's presence next to her. She felt the mattress shift again, this time indicating that he had placed himself between her legs. 

She flushed, realizing that with her legs spread he would have a front row seat to view the most private part of her. The vampire simply sat and looked upon her for a moment, watching her flush and knowing what had crossed through her mind. He grinned, his unusually sharp canines glinting in the candle light, and with a wicked glance toward the bound Fortinbras, he lowered himself, teasing her with feather light kisses to the inside of her thigh. Her skin jumped under his touch, and the girl let out a soft, helpless cry. The small sound fueled his enthusiasm, and he led the journey of his lips up to the heated flesh between her legs. 

She shifted, trying to keep his mouth away from the already moist entrance. She was again torn between sheer, primal instincts. One told her to give in and enjoy these tortuous pleasures, the other screaming at her to flee, that it was wrong and that this man, this thing, had kidnapped her.

The master grabbed her legs, holding her captive as his mouth explored. His tongue was teasing, feather light. The girl lost all rational thought when he began an expert assault on her clitoris, moving his tongue in a way that made her feel like she was boiling inside. The master moaned against her pussy as he could smell the scent of her arousal and the blood rushing to the sensitive part of her anatomy.

Fort sat captive, his muscles straining to escape his bonds. His hands were clenched into white-knuckled fists. His eyes were narrowed and almost glowing white with his anger. At first he hadn't been sure what was making him react in such a way, until he realized that he that it was a simple matter of territory. He had held her, had kissed her, had made love to her. His sense of loyalty and defensiveness flared, knowing of the vampire's past 'toys' and what inevitably became of them. And though he refused to admit it to himself, there was a small ping of jealousy. He had once been the master's favorite toy, and he had reveled in it before being cast aside so many years ago. 

He could not look away as the girl responded to the master's caress. His sudden rage drained slowly away with the realization that he was helpless, and that he was going to have to watch them together. In the fading light of his anger, he felt the ache of lust pulling at his gut, and felt the hard length of his cock straining against his pants.

All three of them could feel the rising tension as the girl approached orgasm. Just as she approached the crest, low moans escaping out of her lips, the vampire abruptly stopped, his crystal eyes glancing up at the girl. Her lips were damp and parted, her breath quick and heavy. Her breasts rose and fell as her lungs sucked in air. Her skin was dewy with sweat.

"Tell me that you belong to me." The vampire crooned, his voice soft and smooth as ever. The girl's lips trembled, but she choked on the words, unable to give him that kind of power. The master moved upwards, pausing for a moment to tease her nipple with a little kiss. When she moaned, he continued, running the wet tip of his tongue across the stiff protrusion. She wanted to writhe, but the best she could do was a small jerk against her restraints.

"Say it," He insisted with a whisper, his hot breath against the sensitive flesh of her breast. She made a low sound in the back of her throat, but did not say the words. His hand slid down to tease her clit with his finger tips, keeping her at the edge of orgasm but not allowing her the release. His tongue and lips heightened the sensations by teasing her nipple, sending uncontrollable shivers through her body.

After another moment of that torture, his lifted his head to look upon her face once again. She was all but panting, and moisture had escaped from under the strip of silk tied around her head, tears of desperation.

Fort watched helplessly, feeling ever closer to tears himself. He tried to ignore the aching pangs that shuddered through him, focusing on his failing rage. He moaned against the tape holding his lips closed, and his eyes fluttered closed for a moment, his brow creased in the agony of a man fighting against himself.

"Say it," There was a dangerous edge to the master's tone, and he took a harder nip at her breast, though not hard enough to break skin.

"I—" she rasped, " I belong… to you." Her breath left her in a rush. Fort let his chin fall to his chest, and his straining muscles gave in, his whole body going limp save the throbbing stiffness in his pants.

The vampire thrust into her, and Lia came immediately and violently, waves of pleasure shuddering through her body, every muscle tensing with the sensation of it. He continued to fuck her with quick, deep thrusts, little aftershocks of her orgasm making her gasp and tense around him. Soon the vampires breathing became quick and shallow, and he came soundlessly with one final deep thrust.

Fort listened, knowing what was happening at every moment, unable to keep watching. Even when everything grew silent and still, he kept his eyes closed, trying to will the erection away. He felt the vampire's presence surprisingly near to him, and his head snapped up, his eyes glowing white hot with anger and resentfulness.

The master was once again clad in his silk robe, and as he leaned down to put himself eye to eye with Fort, his lips were curved into a carefully wan smile. Fort pulled his head back as far as he could, but the vampire leaned forward, regaining his hair width proximity to him.

"Smell her on me…" The vampire whispered, closed his eyes and inhaling deeply through his nose. "Hear and see… She is mine." He hissed the last word, his bitter possessiveness shining through his casual façade. His eyes snapped open and Fort glared uselessly as the vampire leaned forward to brush a kiss on Fort's cheek, a soft graze that lead his mouth to Fort's ear. "Don't ever touch her again."

"Now," The vampire straightened, his tone one of business as he walked over to one of the heavy curtains that spanned the far wall. Their use became apparent as he flung open one curtain; they covered sliding doors that lead to an expansive patio, and assumedly blocked the sun during the day. Silvery light spilled into the room, and Fort's eyes widened in fear.

Shit.

The change came swiftly and painfully, breaking the ropes that held him captive as his body swelled, muscles lengthening and growing, hair sprouting out all over his body. A threatening growl grew in his throat as his jaw and nose elongated, and he clawed away the duct tape like it was a stray piece of paper. He fell to all fours, the growl escaping and growing to a howl of pain that he released in a long unnatural sound.

Lia froze at the sound, every synapse in her body screaming out the danger so near to her. The howl died away into a snuffling yelp, and then all sound ceased. She wanted to whimper, but swallowed the sound back.

The animal that had once been Fort sniffed the air, picking up the pungent smell of fear just upon the bed. His long pink tongue lolled out, and he started toward the bed before hearing the sharp command of his master. He swung his head toward the sound, then trotted across the room, picking up the scent of blood outside. His trot turned into a dash and he streaked out the door, following the scent of his next meal.

The vampire slid the door shut as Fort exited, striding quickly across the room to free the girl, untying the silk strips first, making sure he had a good grip on one wrist before removing the blindfold with the other. She blinked and squinted, glancing up at him and then quickly averting her eyes, casting them down at the floor.

He led her across the room, setting her just in front of the door. He stood behind her, placing his hands on her shoulders. When she tried to twist her head back to question him, he simply nudged her back to face forward. She searched the overgrown plants of the patio until she finally saw what he was silently directing her to watch.

Her face paled, watching the giant black dog tear at a red-streaked mass of white. She didn't know what kind of poor dead animal the dog was feasting upon, and felt her stomach squeeze into a little knot at the thought that this might be the creature that had howled just next to her. She could have been its next meal.

"That is what you fucked last night." The vampire whispered just by her ear and she jumped. "Granted, he was not in his wolf form. Nonetheless, he is a killer, an animal. Do not touch him again." The master stroked her skin as he said it, the touch of his fingers as subtly possessive as his words. He led a soft trail across her cheek, "Sleep…" He breathed into her ear, and she went limp in his arms.