 Lia stopped suddenly just as Fort slipped into unconsciousness. Looking down upon his slack face, Lia gasped, and released her grip on him. He slumped to the ground, a few drops of blood escaping the wound on his neck before healing an instant later. The girl simply gaped at his lifeless form for a moment, horror dawning upon her as she realized she may have killed him.

She carefully straightened his limp form on the floor, and pressed a hand on his chest, over his heart. Relief, intense and warm, filled her body as she felt a faint but steady thumping. His chest rose slightly with a shallow breath underneath her touch, and she let her own breath out in a rush.

Looking toward the ajar door, Lia wondered how she was going to move him out of the bathroom. She could see the corner of one of the beds, and it seemed grotesque to leave him lying on the bathroom floor. Bracing herself, she scooped him into her arms, planning to drag him as best as she could. As she straightened, however, she found that he seemed to weigh very little, and she was able to maneuver him to the bed with very little effort.

Arranging him on the bed and sliding in next to him, she let her eyes wander over his face. He was even more pale than usual, and his lips were completely void of color. She could feel his blood rushing through her veins as images rushed through her head. It slowly dawned upon her that the images were what Fort was dreaming. She closed her eyes, allowing the images to overtake her, and was soon fast asleep next to Fort, both dreaming of the same memory.

"Now follows, that you know, young Fortinbras, holding a weak supposal of our worth…"

He was sitting at the bar, downing the last of too many shots of whiskey and sucking smoke out of a cigarette, trying to hide the fact that it was making his eyes water and his lung ache.

"Fuck theatre," he mumbled, his words slurring together. "Fuck Shakespeare, and especially fuck licentious girlfriends who hump Hamlet behind your back." He wasn't talking to anyone particular, which was probably a good thing considering the incomprehensible mutterings that were escaping his lips.

Sliding gracelessly off of the stool on which he was drunkenly perched, he stumbled, causing the man next to him to spill his entire beer down Fort's clean white shirt. He simply stood there, glazed eyes looking upon the giant wet spot now soaking through his once crisp shirt. The man, still clutching his empty beer glass, looked appalled, and yelled something that Fort couldn't hear over the dull roar of bar noise.

Fort indicated that he couldn't hear, and the man jerked his head pointedly toward the bathroom. He numbly followed the man, his mind hazed by the alcohol. All of his senses were dulled, and he did not hear as the lock clicked shut after he had entered, even as the sound echoing through the empty bathroom. He stumbled over to a sink, working at the buttons on his shirt.

His fuzzy mind had already forgotten about the man, but Fort's eyes caught his reflection in the mirror, revealing the grey-eyed stranger hovering just behind him.

The young drunk man spun clumsily around the face the stranger. The man simply stepped forward, reaching toward his half-open shirt. Fort took a quick step back, but was stopped short by the edge of the sink against the small of his back. The man stopped his forward momentum, looking at Fort. Their proximity was closer than Fort usually found comfortable with a man, and yet, he felt drawn to close the short distance, despite his current position of retreat.

The man seemed to sense this acquiescence, and leaned forward, his eyes flicking from Fort's eyes to his lips. The young man was frozen, his heart pounding in his chest. Their lips met, and Fort swallowed a moan. The texture of a man lips against his was an alien sensation, and strangely exciting. Fort tentatively shifted the angle of his mouth, deepening the kiss. His hands were still propped against the sink to support his drunken body, but soon his fingers were itching to explore.

He brought a tentative hand up to the man's chest, lighting brushing the soft material of his shirt. The man moved closer and murmured his approval against Fort's mouth. Through the fog of alcohol Fort felt the sharp stab of arousal. An erection was already stirring in his slacks, a miracle considering the sheer volume of whiskey he had imbibed.

Fort blushed and broke the contact between their lips, lowering his eyes. The man lightly pressed his fingers under Fort's jaw, tilting his face back up.

"What's your name?" Fort blurted. The man smiled a slow careful smile.

"Ambrose. And yours?" His voice was smooth and dark, like a forbidden taste of some dark ripe fruit. Fort was struck with the necessity to lie, to hide his real name from this man that he was strangely attracted to.

"Fortinbras." It escaped his lips before he had a moment to think. The name brought a dark cloud over him, as an image of her face flashed in his head, and it seemed to sober him a bit. He looked in the man's eyes once again, and kissed him, his mouth seeking to wipe the pain of rejection away. Ambrose was pleasantly surprised, and made quick work of Fort's shirt, pulling it off before the young man was even aware he had been unbuttoning the buttons. Fort's skin was sticky from beer, but the man let his hands explore, running his fingers over the hard planes of muscle.

Fort moaned against him, Ambrose's fingers sending little shivers of pleasure through his body. He still felt moderately intoxicated, but he seemed hyperaware of everything, and the twitch of arousal had become a full blown erection. The hands on his damp chest trailed downwards, and he gasped and broke off the kiss as the man stroked his hand down the bulge in his pants.

Ambrose retained eye contact with Fort as he lowered himself, slowly unzipping the fly of the young man's pants. Fort watched as Ambrose freed his aching length from its bondage. Fort gasped as the man took it into his mouth, his eyes closing as he arched against the amazingly erotic and foreign sensation of a man's mouth on his cock.

The man continued to slowly run his tongue along Fort's length, sucking teasingly at the head. Fort's lungs were heaving, straining for air as he felt completely breathless, the tension in his body building as he felt orgasm approach.

A loud banging on the door surprised both of them, and the man stood, glancing at Fort.

"Come with me," He murmured. Fort nodded, replacing his sticky shirt with more speed than should have been possible considering his condition. A slight blush rose to his cheeks as he returned his erection to inside his pants and zipped up the fly.  

Fort avoided meeting the glaring eyes of the man who had been pounding on the door. Instead, he kept his gaze trained upon the back of Ambrose's neck, the rest of the bar patrons passing as a blur with their speedy exit. The only sound once they escaped outside was the crunch underneath their feet as the made their way along the gravel of the parking lot, soon approaching a sleek black muscle car.

"Yours?" Fortinbras asked, and Ambrose smiled, unlocking and opening the driver side door. Fort waited for Ambrose to unlock his door, and entered the vehicle, sinking into the slick leather seat. Before Ambrose could start the car, Fort slid closer to him and assaulted his mouth, the wickedness of it spurring him on.

Ambrose smiled against Fort's mouth, reaching to tangle his fingers in the hair at the back of his head. Fort hadn't cut his hair for quite some time, and it had grown long and wild. Ambrose let his fingertips explore the thick, silky mass of black for a moment before curling his fingers into a fist around a handful of it. He yanked Fort's head back, exposing the lean, strong line of his neck. Fort moaned, his eyelids falling closed, enjoying this new mixed sensation of pain and submission. Ambrose leaned in to press kisses along Fort's throat, murmuring against his skin.

"You are so responsive." He almost purred, clearly enjoying Fort's readiness to express his pleasure. Loosening his grip on Fort's hair, Ambrose straightened, turning the key in the ignition. The car let out a rumble as it roared to life, and Fort settled back in his seat. He felt drunk, hot, aroused and yet, content. He ran a fingertip along the swollen, wet line of his bottom lip and hid a smile.

Fort settled back into the seat, closing his eyes. After a while, he realized that Ambrose must have opened a window, because he could feel a cool breeze on his face. He wandered in and out of consciousness, dark and sinful thoughts dancing through his head and making him ache even more.

Ambrose glanced over at the beautifully mysterious young man slumped in the passenger seat. Little half-moaning, half-sighing sounds were escaping Fort's lips though Ambrose didn't think he was aware of it. He seemed so vulnerable, and Ambrose could tell that he had never been with a man before. A sinister smile curved his lips as he thought about introducing the young man to a whole new sort of sin. The thought was making him curse the length of the drive back to his house as his groin started to tighten and swell.

As soon as they arrived, they were both jumping out of the car, almost dashing to the front door with their anticipation. Just inside the door Ambrose seized Fort's shoulders and shoved him up against the wall, assailing him with little nipping kisses. He ripped at Fort's shirt, yanking it off with a clatter of buttons on the hard wood floor of entry way.

Fort moaned and pulled at Ambrose's shirt as well, fumbling with the buttons. Ambrose backed away out of Fort's reach, a teasing smile curving lips despite something more sinister lurking behind his eyes.

"Follow me," he murmured, sliding into the shadows. Fort ambled after him like a puppy, willing to follow his every whim. As he entered the dark dining room, Ambrose slid a chair out from under the long table, placing it in front of Fort.

"Sit." Ambrose insisted, and Fort complied without question. Ambrose raised an eyebrow, his eyes flashing a bit colder, stepping behind Fort and running a hand through his hair, considering. Fort's eyes fluttered closed as the sensation of Ambrose's fingers massaging his scalp. Ambrose lowered himself to a crouch, reaching through the slats of the back of the chair to grab Fort's wrists, pulling them back, forcing Fort to reposition himself, straightening his back.

Ambrose held Fort's wrist with one hand and reached in his back pocket to pull out a long strip of silk. He wrapped it tightly around Fort's wrists, tying the ends more forcefully than was necessary. 

The man stepped slowly back around the chair to face Fort, enjoying the sight of the shirtless young man bound to the chair. He kneeled down between Fort's legs, slowly stroking his hands up and down the young man's thighs.

"What do you want me to do to you?" Ambrose murmured, moving his hands from Fort's thighs to run his nails up and down Fort's chest. He watched Fort's stomach muscles jump under his light touch.

"I…" Fort murmured. "I want you to… do what you were doing earlier…"

"Tell me." Ambrose whispered.

"I want you to… suck my… cock." Fort let out a rush of breath. Ambrose reached down, pulling down the zipper of Fort's pants, tortuously slow.

"Tell me again." Ambrose nuzzled the prominence in Fort's slacks. The young man shuddered, his lips parting with a moan.

"Please." Fort breathed, unable to form any other word. The tension had built to an almost unbearable level, and all his blood was rushing to the swelling in between his legs. Most of the liquor had worn off by now, and he felt like his whole body was taut, throbbing with desire. With the fade of the drunkenness came an even more heightened awareness of physical sensation. It was deliciously agonizing.

Ambrose's lips curved at the one whispered word. He could hear the desperation in it, and it was like music to his ears.

He finished the job of removing Fort's pants and glanced approvingly towards the healthy erection that stood at full attention. Wrapping his lips around the tender flesh, he started softly, as before, licking and teasing. Fort's muscles tensed and he moaned, fingers flexing and releasing at the small of his back where they were held captive. Soon Ambrose picked up speed, fucking Fort with his mouth.

"I'm… I'm gonna…" Fort didn't finish his gasping words as he came, the wicked sense of pleasure at shooting his sperm into another man's mouth heightening the orgasm.

As soon as Ambrose felt Fort's waves of pleasure slowing, he tilted his head, sinking his teeth into Fort's inner thigh. He almost growled with bliss as he swallowed down a gush of blood with the milky liquid still pooling in his mouth. Ecstasy crested through Fort again, and he cried out.

Ambrose stopped short, eyes wide with surprise. The young Fortinbras was panting, his lungs desperate for air. The wound on his thigh healed quickly, and Ambrose lifted his hand, wiping a drip of blood off of his chin and licking it off of his fingertips. A slow, dangerous smile curved his lips.

"Oh you're not just some silly mortal boy, are you?" He crooned as Fort started to regain his sense. "I'm just going to have to keep you." The young man's eyes widened in fear, realization dawning on him that someone had figured out his dirty secret, someone who wasn't altogether human himself.