 Mary shook her head as she flipped though the scuffed paperback. 

"Guys, this book is full of spelling mistakes. And the 'potions' chapter is just recipes for soup and chili."

Sean poured flour onto the livingroom carpet in as straight a line as he could, completing the last part of the pentagram.

"C'mon, Mary," he said. "What do you expect for fifty cents?" He stood and dusted his hands on his pants. "How does this look, you two?"

Mary stared at the design while Kaitlin got up from the couch to see it better. "Excellent, Sean. The lines are mostly straight. The circle is perfect. Though I still don't think flour is an approved substance."

"Neither are floating scented candles, but it's all we have," said Sean. He placed one at each point of the star.

Kaitlin grinned. "Should be perfect to summon a boyfriend for Mary."

Mary read the spell again. "It just says candles. Doesn't say what type. And it's a 'love enticement,' not a summoning. A summoning is when they appear out of thin air. Anyway, it doesn't matter. You don't believe in this garbage any more than I do."

"Oh sure we do," grinned Kaitlin. "We do the spell, the doorbell rings and instead of kids looking for candy it's a shirtless hunk with a rose in his teeth, ready to sweep you off your feet. Though really, showing off those boobs of yours a little is all the enticement you need, Mar." She glanced down at her own B-cup breasts.

Mary pursed her lips. "That's just the kind of guy I don't want, Kat. You know that." 

Big boobs, blonde hair and a bright, innocent face had attracted the wrong type of guys to Mary from an early age. That and her religious parents re-enforcing the idea that guys only wanted one thing taught her to be wary of men.

Every man except Sean, that was. He had been her best friend since kindergarten, sharing secrets and adventures, and once even playing doctor. Mary wanted it to be more—Sean was so cute, so considerate—just perfect. But she knew she was too reserved, too boring for confident, athletic Sean. Clumsy attempts to express her feelings fell flat. One evening as they studied together, she found the nerve to kiss him, but he shied away. She assumed she just wasn't his type.

Kaitlin was his type: bold, funny, exotic. Her mother was Japanese. Her father came from Spain. That combination gave her an ethereal 'can't quite place it' beauty. Though lean, her boobs were larger than expected and her ass was round and exquisite. With her outgoing personality, guys at the college drooled over her, as did some women. To Mary's surprise, Kaitlin dated both. 

Mary had no idea what two women did together, but she had a recurring image of running her hand down Kaitlin's smooth naked body. She found it strangely appealing.

Kaitlin had dated Sean when they met during Frosh Week, but it didn't last. Mary never heard the details why, but she was glad the three of them had stayed close friends. Though each were in separate programs—Mary in Humanities, Sean in Criminal Justice and Kaitlin majoring in Arts, they always hung out together on and off campus.

Tonight though was only supposed to be Mary and Sean. She invited him to help while she was stuck at home handing out treats to the neighborhood kids. 

If she could work up the courage, she thought, drop her guard to tell him how she felt. That night Her parents were at a company party at a hotel downtown. They were staying overnight at the hotel so they didn't have to worry about drinking. 

She glanced at Kaitlin. Typically, Kat had invited herself along. Oh well, thought Mary. Kat knew how to keep things fun and filling in awkward silences. Mary had never confided her feelings for Sean to her, but she was sure Kat would know when it was time to leave.

Sean noticed Mary frowning at the thick lines of flour he had drawn on the carpet.

"Don't worry, Mary. It'll vacuum right up," he said.

"I hope so, Sean. My folks will kill me if we make a mess."

"I'll make sure the carpet is clean, Mar. Stay here night if I have to."

Mary shuddered at the image of Sean staying the night and making love in her bed. She felt herself getting moist and turned her head away.

Sean saw Mary's eyes widen before she blushed and turned. What did that mean? More mixed signals from her. Once when they were studying together, it seemed like Mary was going to kiss him. His mind went into overload. He froze. He turned away. When he had composed himself, Mary acted as if nothing had happened. Sean remained unsure that anything had. Longed to tell her how he felt, and terrified of ruining their friendship if she didn't feel the same.

Of course, how could she? Sean knew he was unworthy. She was so smart, so perfect. She never swore. She went to church. Her parents were rich, at least to him. They had been friends forever, but he always felt ashamed of his unemployable father and their rundown bungalow. He could only afford to attend college because of a sports scholarship. How could be ever measure up?

Still, he hoped it would happen. Sean always imagined they would be each other's first. Then that dream was crushed when Mary slept with Billy Morris after the Senior Prom. Since then, Sean started dating and sleeping around, but it was just empty sex. There was never a connection.

When Mary invited him over for Halloween, Sean was determined it would not be like every other time they managed to be alone together, so he asked Kaitlin to come along.

She had protested. "I think Mary wants to be alone with you."

"Yeah but it never works out. I get too nervous and maybe she is too. I mean, we have fun but then it gets to be like we're two cats circling each other, waiting for the other to make a move. You can help break the ice, maybe talk to her if I say something stupid?"

Kaitlin laughed. "Guys always say something stupid. Okay, I'll come. I have some ideas how to get things going."

The ringing of a timer came from Mary's kitchen, quickly followed by the bing-bong of the doorbell.

"Oh!" said Mary, "That's the last batch of cookies. Kat, would you get the door this time?" She ran into check the oven.

Kaitlin exchanged a glance with Sean. "Is she more nervous than usual tonight, Sean? And who the hell still bakes their own treats for Halloween?"

Sean shrugged. "She's never liked Halloween. In second grade, she hyperventilated the first time she saw a devil costume. I had to sit and hold her for an hour. Her parents fault." He eyed the wooden crucifix on the wall beside the livingroom doorway. "But she's come a long way. I mean, she's letting us draw a pentagram on her floor and playing along with this spell thing of yours."

"Yeah, maybe," said Kat, "I think baking ghost cookies is just a little twee." She smirked and headed for the front door.

"Trick or treat!" Three small kids held out pillowcases when Kaitlin opened the door. Their mother hovered out on the sidewalk.

Kaitlin dropped double handfuls of treats into each kid's sack and complemented them on their costumes. There was a Pikachu, a Wonder Woman and a skeleton. Thankfully, none was the sexy versions. 

Kaitlin was closing the door just as Mary arrived carrying her baking tray of cookies. Her frilly pink apron looked like it came straight from the 1950s.

"Darn, I missed them," said Mary. "They were probably the last kids too. It's getting late."

Kaitlin eyed Mary's homemaker getup and shook her head. "Good. Then we get to eat the cookies. They look great, Mar. I don't know why you bother, though."

"It's fun," said Mary. "The kids take the time to dress up and trudge around in the cold. It's a dying tradition, you know. They deserve something special along with all the regular junk."

When they returned to the livingroom, Sean had lit the candles. The air smelled of vanilla and mulberry.

Kaitlin said, "Looks like we're ready. Let's do it!"

Sean opened the book. "Okay, Mary. It says you kneel in the middle while we do the chant. Don't smudge the flour."

Mary shuddered. "I don't know about this, guys. It's Halloween. The spirit world is closest to us now."

Kaitlin said, "Mary, loosen up. We're just having fun."

"Bobbing for apples is fun," said Mary. "Baking cookies and dressing up is fun. Performing a black magic ritual on All Hallows Eve? What if we... what if something happens?"

Sean gave a half-smile. "Like what? We open a portal and get sucked into Hell?"

Mary nodded emphatically. "Yeah. Exactly like that." She fingered the silver crucifix at her throat. 

Sean walked over and hugged her, enjoying her luscious body against him and the smell of her hair.

"If we wind up in Hell, Mar, I'll be Virgil to your Dante, okay? We'll go right to the center, down Satan's legs to Purgatory and then on to Paradise."

In their first year of college, Mary convinced Sean to take a Religion and Mythology class. Together they wrote a paper on Dante's Inferno—the bowl-shaped world of descending concentric rings, each with a unique torture for a specific sin: howling winds for the lustful, boiling pitch for corrupt politicians. 

It was a theme park of torture for the damned. At the bottom in the center of a frozen lake stood a gigantic Lucifer. Like everyone, Mary and Sean found it hilarious that part of hell was already frozen over.

Mary clung to Sean, thinking paradise would be him holding the way he was at that moment, but in love, not just in friendship. She shook herself and pulled away.

Mary forced a smile. "Okay, you guys. Let's get this over with. Then we eat the cookies and all the leftover candy, okay?"

Sean grinned and led Mary to the center of the pentagram.

Kaitlin held the book of spells. "Okay, Mar. Kneel and face the East towards the Morning Star. That's uh, towards the dining room. Put your hands on your knees and bow your head. Good. Now Sean and I do the chant."

Mary took a deep breath and reached again for her crucifix, reminding herself it was all just a game.

Sean walked over to Kaitlin. They put their arms around each other's waist and Kaitlin pointed to where she was in the book. 

Sean never understood why she broke up with him back in first year. They had barely even started kissing before she called it off with no reason. He was glad they stayed friends. He knew he could never be good enough for Mary, but with Kaitlin... maybe there still was hope.

Together, Kaitlin and Sean recited the incantation labeled "love enticement":

Attenrobendum eos, ad ligandum eos, potiter eos, coram me.

O Domine de tenebris hanc sacratissimam noctem dona nobis servi infernum; discordiae usque ad partum, et chao in mortale mundi accipe sacrificium ingrediens elit magnis quinque

There was silence. Mary looked up. "Is that it?"

Kaitlin read further down the page. "Oh, and now you have to say 'So mote it be', Mary."

"What does that mean?"

"What does any of it mean? Just say it."

Mary sighed and said the words.

When the last syllable left her mouth, every light in the house went out and a thump rattled the room. Mary gasped. Kaitlin tightened her arm around Sean.

Through the livingroom window, the streetlights still glowing as October wind rocked the trees and swirled leaves through the night air.

Sean laughed nervously. "That's great timing, huh? Must have blown a fuse." The flickering of the pentagram candles barely reached the edges of the room.

A low gravelly voice rumbled, "Naw. Weren't no fuse. I needed the energy."

Sean, Kaitlin and Mary turned towards the voice. Beside the china cabinet, a figure was hunched on the floor. It had dark red, nearly black skin. Ox horns curved from its forehead. Short tusks jutting from the lower jaw and powerful goat legs covered in coarse hair that led to black cloven hooves.

"Holy fucking shit!" yelled Sean, holding he hands up defensively.

Mary's eyes went wide. A thin keening wail issued from her as she scrambled backwards out of the pentagram, smearing the lines of flour and upsetting a candle. It sputtered and drowned in the spilled wax.

Kaitlin and Sean went to Mary. The three huddled together on the floor, staring at the figure.

"It's Satan," wailed Mary. "Lucifer has come for us!"

"Yeah, you wish," said the figure. "You idiots ain't worth His attention. That limp-dick summoning only rated a demon Class C demon like me." He belched and looked around the room and scratched an armpit.

"We didn't summon anyone," said Sean. "We were doing a love charm."

"Oh, fuck off," said the demon. "None of you dumbasses knows Latin? Maybe edacate yerself 'fore reading shit outta strange books."

The demon stood and stretched, ducking when his horns scraped the ceiling. His chest was massive, bulging with muscle. Mary gasped when his obscene dong came into view, long and thick enough to shame a stallion. Behind it, balls like tangerines protruded from a dark scrotum coated in wiry hairs.

"So this is the world," he rumbled. "Kinda posh lookin'. Thought you mortals was all livin' in mud huts or sumpin."

The demon hugged himself. "Brr. The world's cold!" He pointed a claw at the coffee table and gave it a meaningful look. The top burst into flame.

"Fuck!" yelled Kaitlin. She grabbed a blanket from the back of the couch and smothered the fire. 

"Do it in there," she said, pointing to the fireplace already laid with logs.

The demon swished a hand towards the fireplace and it erupted into a cheery blaze. He walked over on his backwards goat legs to warm himself. The three friends saw a tiny goat tail swishing back and forth over his loose asshole. A sharp animal smell overpowered the scent of the candles.

Sean looked to Kaitlin and Mary. Mary clung to him, trembling. Kaitlin looked skeptical.

"That's your friend Dave, isn't it," she said. "It kind of sounds like him. Did you put him up to this? To scare us?"

Sean was incredulous. "What? Do you see that guy? Does that look like a costume? Dave's at the campus Halloween party. And he isn't seven feet tall and hung like a mule."

"DO something," whispered Mary. She trembled and clung tighter.

Sean cleared his throat. "Uh, Mr. Demon? There's been a mistake. We were just playing around. We found a book and didn't know it was real."

The demon turned from warming his hands to warm his ass. The smell was barnyard sharp. "I know whatcha was doin'. Stupid fuckin' kids. Well, I'm here now. Ain't never been in the world before. I aim to look around. Cause a commotion."

The demon's face spread into an evil grin.

"Always wanted ta fuck mortals, too. The udder demons say you scream better than the souls we fuck in hell."

To Sean's horror, he saw the demon's dong becoming erect. He grabbed the book from and scanned the index.

"There has to be an undo spell, right? Some kind of delete?"

Kaitlin said, "I think that's called banishment."

"Whatever. Help find one, guys."

Kaitlin and Mary helped Sean scour the index. There was nothing.

The demon laughed in a wet chuckle.

"Haw! You ain't getting me gone so easy. I feel your fear. Your shame. The regret. I'mma gonna stay here a long time. Fuck each one of you. 'Specially the virgin there. That's gonna be sweet." He pointed a claw at Mary.

Mary flicked her eyes to Sean. "I'm not a virgin. I told you!"

The demon laughed. "Yeah, ya lied, little miss saintly, saving yourself fer him." He pointed at Sean. "Ain't no secrets in Heaven or Hell, ya know? It was you in the pentagram asking for love, but you was thinking only 'bout him. Doesn't matter. Yer ass is mine now."

The demon stepped toward Mary, his dick getting larger and more terrifying.

Sean found an entry in the book's index and flipped to the page. 

"Protective circle! Mary, Kat... erase the star. Fix the circle and get inside!"

The girls got on their hands and knees to wipe away the flour of the pentagram star. They poured fresh flour to close the circle Mary had smudged and kneeled inside, looking wide-eyed at the demon.

He demon laughed and with a fetid breath he blew away some flour. The girls scrambled to pour more from the bag to close it again.

"Ha ha," laughed the demon. "Shoulda used chalk. Or blood. Now let's get started."

The doorbell bing-bonged. The demon looked around. "Wassat?"

"It's Halloween," said Sean. "Must be some late trick-or-treaters."

"Haw! Fresh meat!" exclaimed the demon. He headed to the door.

Sean ran after him. "Wait! They're just kids! Leave them alone and you can do what you want with me."

The demon paused. "Huh. You fer real? But I can't do nuttin' to innocents anyways. How you get rid uh 'em?"

"We give them treats and they go away." Sean pointed to the plastic bowl of chips and candy bars. A few of Mary's ghost cookies remained on a plate beside them.

"And if we don't?"

"Well, the custom is they play a trick on us. Egg the house. Throw toilet paper into the trees. But they'll probably just cry and tell their parents."

"Oh? Extortion, huh? That's some Ninth Circle shit right there. Works for me!" The demon reached for the door.

"WAIT!" said Sean. "You can't let them see you with your dick hanging out! Wait a sec." Sean tugged himself from the demon's grasp and looked around. Mary's apron was draped over the back of the hall chair.

"Here," he said, holding it out. The demon tied it around his waist.

"Okay now, mortal?"

"Okay," said Sean. The thin pink fabric barely hid the outline of his huge dong.

The demon yanked open the door. Screams from the toddlers outside were followed by "Cool! Best costume yet, dude!" from the teenager escorting the kids.

The demon eyed the children. There was a princess, an angel and some kind of dog costume, though maybe it was an otter. Or a turd emoji.

Seeing the pint-sized angel, the demon shied back, and then upon closer inspection steadied his shoulders and thrust the bowl of treats at the children.

"Deceitful harlequins! Take your ransom and flee in shame. Know that our lord Lucifer will repay thy sins with eternal torment in the fires of Gehenna!" He emptied the bowl into the kid's bags and slammed the door.

"That was very eloquent," said Sean.

The demon gave a curt nod. "Yeah, the boys back home been coaching me. Say I don't talk demonic enough. Fuck 'em. I can say words when I needs ta."

He pulled Sean back to the livingroom where the girls still huddled in the protective circle, desperately scouring the book for anything that might help. 

The demon wore a satisfied grin. "I'm gonna win points for corrupting innocents with bribes." With one hand he began rubbing a nipple. The other reached beneath the apron to stroke his dick. "Yeah, big points. Oh yeah."

Sean pulled from the demon's grasp and stepped into the circle.

Kaitlin watched the bizarre display of the demon pleasuring himself. "Uh, what kind of demon did you say you are?" she asked.

"Hades Client Service Associate Class C. Been mostly on whip duty in Bolgia One. But sometime I fills in at the Seventh Circle when the centaurs go down to Bolgia Two to take a shit."

Mary said, "Circles? Bolgia? You mean Dante's description of Hell is real?"

The demon snorted. "It is for you."

Sean and Mary exchanged a glance. Sean turned to the demon and mustering a commanding voice said, "Then get back to Hell, demon. This has been willed where what is willed must be."

The demon snorted with disgust. "Think you're Virgil, do ya? That shit only works in Hell. And only when you have a tourist visa."

Sean sighed. "It was worth a try."

"Okey doaky," said the demon. "Enough chit-chat. Let's get to the raping."

He waved an arm across the three friends. Their clothing became brittle and rotted as if hundreds of years old. When they moved, the clothing and underwear crumbled to a fine dust, leaving them naked.

Sean gasped and put a hand over his dick. Mary and Kaitlin hunched over, covering their breasts and crotches.
