 The story contained herein is fiction. It is intended purely as entertainment for the reader.

You may not reproduce my work without my explicit consent. 

*

Consciousness took the stage my eyes fluttering open, a bright light piercing my retinas, blinding my newly opened light receptors, forcing them inert once more. Sitting up quickly, my brain threatening to burst through my skull with a painful hammering; I bring my hands to my head, cradling my face in an attempt to maintain my skulls integrity.

Quickly I realize I am naked. No clothing, no blankets, nothing to keep warm within sight, and damn it is cold in here. It has to be 50-60 degrees at most.

What the fuck, I thought. Removing my hands from my face I peered out to my surroundings. There I sat, in a room with padded walls, and floor. The only furnishing granted to this room was a toilet/sink combo, something that you might find in a jail cell. The only thing different was that it seemed to be lined with a thick rubber like substance. In short the room appeared to be for holding someone crazy, on suicide watch.

"What is this?" I mumble, confused. Have I been committed to a mental hospital, I wondered. I haven't done anything wrong or crazy? "What the fuck is going on?" I question the room. Quickly moving to my feet, my head began to throb again. Slowing my ascent I push myself fully from the floor. On my feet I turn and scan the room, finding the outlines of the door now that the intense spotlight in the ceiling is out of my face.

With a purpose, I go to the door; I pound my fist. "HEY, LET ME OUT OF HERE GOD DAMNIT! MOTHERFUCKER, OPEN THE DOOR!" I scream in rage, the padding restricting the desired displacement, and limiting the desired effect. The pain in my head helping me reach exhaustion fairly quick, I give up and sit down in the corner. "Shit" 

Minutes or maybe hours pass, when suddenly a distorted voice enters the room the ceiling, a speaker most likely, "Hello John. I hope you have been comfortable. I'm sure you have been wondering why you're here? You're here because I would like to play a game." 

"I'm not playing shit asshole! Let me the fuck out of this room. I haven't done anything!"

"If you want to leave, you have to win the game. Playing or not, isn't a choice you get to make. You see, shortly there will be a girl entering your room. You two will stay together in your room for up to 24 hours. If at the end of those 24 hours, you have not ejaculated, in or outside the girl, you can go free." The voice let out a deep, but brief, and entirely evil laugh. "However if you do cum, in this girl, on her body, or anywhere else in the room before time expires, you will die." 

Is this a joke I quiz myself. "Is this some kind of joke? Who the fuck are you? If I don't cum I can go? You promise?"

"Yes John, I promise. Although there is one bonus element I'll share with you. You've been injected with a new liquid prototype, similar to a drug you might know, Viagra. It's slow to take effect, but when it does you won't be able to keep your cock from becoming rigid. In fact it'll be the hardest you've ever been. The problem is, that when you cum, the side effects of the drug causes an almost immediate and massive heart attack. "The enigmatic voice laughed again "24 hours, without cumming you go free, or you're dead. Good luck John." The voice departed.

"Hey wait, can you at least turn up the heat? I'm freezing." I yell, apparently to no one as I wrap my arms around my cooling body.

Given a thread of hope, I cling to it. My mind racing, no problem I can do this. I'll just stay away from this girl; I won't let her touch me. If she tries to get close to me or fuck me, or anything sexual to my cock I'll punch her in the face. No bitch is worth dying for, I only have to resist for 24 hours, then I can get out of here and find another girl to fuck until my heart's, or more realistically cock's content. My resolve firm, I wait.

I sat there in my corner, thinking of fat hairy women, developing a mental focus that will keep my semen in my balls and me alive. Without notice the door flies open, I turn my head to see a girl's body shoved forward into the room, she falls on her side her ass pointing in my direction just feet from me. The door closing as quickly as it opened. A digital clock appears above the doorframe, the time reading 24:00, 23:59. It has started.

A rush of panic, hope and concern all enter my mind at once. Can I resist for so long? The time has started, I can do this! Looking to the girl on the floor, she has a slender body, her hips rising into the air above the rest of her. Her legs are together, I can make out her pussy between her legs. It's looks as if it's peeking out between her ass cheeks, examining my frame, plotting to kill me; however guilt is building in my stomach, I hope she isn't hurt.

The girl doesn't move, as I sit there looking at her ass, at that pussy, that slick, hairless pussy. That pussy does look like it would feel good glued around my cock. I wonder what it would feel like to have my cock in there sliding around inside those slick lips I think, as I feel my cock stiffen in anticipation. 

Shaking my head, I pull myself out of it. I can't think like this I tell myself. I can't fuck this girl; I'll die if I do. I shouldn't even think about it, I have to resist every temptation. FAT HAIRY WOMEN, FAT HAIRY WOMEN, I chant internally, envisioning large women, coated in hair, sweat and grease dripping down from their chins and armpits with a toothless and very un-seductive smile

Turning my head to look away from that alluring pleasure hole between this girls legs, I try my best to ignore it, and her; trying to keep my cock from growing anymore. 

Breaking the rooms silence the girl groans, "Oooo, mmmghh." 

Looking back at her, her arms wrap around her body as she groans in what I would assume is pain. She slowly sits up, gathering her wits. I consider her thoughts, and what she might know of my situation, as well as the large globes on her chest as gravity pulls on them, forcing them to jiggle on her ascent.

"Are you ok?" I ask her

Turning her head she looks at me. "I want to go home." She sobs. Pulling her knees to her chest, she puts her head down, resting it on her knee caps; her crying filling the room with noise; her long brown hair falling around her slight frame, acting almost as a translucent cloak to protect her.

I can't help but feel bad for her; she's trapped just like I am. She's scared, like I am. She is so small, so beautiful; I can't blame her for being terrified. I start to feel bad for her; feelings of guilt fill my mind on how I should be protecting this girl.

"What's your name?" I ask her "I'm John."

Lifting her chin slightly, peering from between long strands of hair, I see red swollen eyes. "Beth, I'm Beth." She tells me

"It's good to meet you Beth. Don't worry; we'll get out of here. "I say, trying to give her some comfort

Beth gives me a little smile, "Thank you John, I hope so. I really miss my family."

"I'll be sure to get you back to them, I promise Beth." I say, wanting to help this beautiful girl in a time of need. My subconscious rationalizing that I'm just a caring guy, and that it's not my dick trying to seduce this woman.

Beth smiles back at me in acknowledgement. Rubbing her shoulders and down the length of her arms, I watch her body shiver "It sure is cold in here. I wish there was something to cover up with." She says as her body continues to shake

"I know what you mean. It sure is fucking cold." I rub my own shoulders in agreement

"John, maybe we could sit together and share our body heat, you know like they do in the military. We might freeze to death otherwise." She says

I have to be honest, this thought made sense, as well as excited by the idea of having her sensual body pressed to mine; my cock jumping to an increased capacity. I then remember that this would be one step closer to losing my life. Surely with her body pressed to me, my resistance would wear. "I don't know Beth, we're both naked, and... I don't know..." My fleshy pole continuing to climb, almost to full attention.

"John, we could die if we don't. It's cold in here. Do you want to freeze to death because you didn't want to let me cuddle with you just because we're both naked?" she asked logically

Her reason being sound, I knew I didn't have much of an option. I would have to endure increased temptation in the face of another kind of threat on my life. "OK Beth, you win, come on over here and let's do this" My cock applauding my choice.

Beth remaining silent for a moment gives a slight smile "Ok John, It'll be fine. There are no other options and I am freezing." Beth leaning forward crawling over to me, her large breasts hanging below her as she moved towards me, her nipples clearly very hard almost brushing the floor. My cock twitches with the excitement of forbidden desires.

Reaching me she takes a moment to examine me. "I don't want to be weird about it, but I'm really cold and I feel like if I could sit between your legs with my back to you, it would help work out the most. That way three sides of me could be warm. Would that be ok John?"

A mixture of sexual desire and my males need to protect this defenseless woman I agreed, forsaking a portion of my survival instinct. Bending my knees, I pull my legs apart, my cock falling with a faint thud. Beth looking at it giggled. Crawling between my legs, she turned backing herself into my chest. "Lift your penis up and have it rest against my back. It's ok I understand."

Taking a hold of my cock I lift it, as she presses her back against me my cock lodged firmly pointing straight up between our bodies, my scrotum resting between the top of her ass crack. Our bodies firmly together Beth says "That's so much better, thank you John" with maybe an imagined backwards grind against my concrete rod.

Excitement and fear consumed my mind.

Over the next hours two things happened. One, Beth regularly wiggled in between my legs, moving her smooth body, and creating a lot of nice and deadly friction on my body; two my cock began aching, really aching, for more stimulation and from being trapped in this position for so long. It clearly wanted to glide in and out of this females body, not be stuck up between me and her back.

Tense, and pulsating my cock strained against my will to get more sensations, a combination of mild pleasure, and pain from being so hard while stuck in this position. Beth pushed her ass back against me, her pert cheeks massaging the base of my rod.

"Are you ok John? Your penis feels really hard against my back. Do you want to try something else?" she suggested

"To be honest Beth, my dick is starting to hurt being hard like this and forced into the same position for so long." I said, knowing I had to move it, it was very uncomfortable, and hmm, can you get a blood clot like this?

Taking a moment to consider Beth offered flatly, "Why don't you lay it flat on the floor between my butt cheeks. That way it can lie flat, and my butt should keep it warm."

Oh my god, I thought. Having my cock horizontal being squeezed by her ass checks, with that tight little slit pressing down into its length. I really wanted this, god damnit I think to myself. Why couldn't this happen to me in some other situation that didn't involve my death? "I... I don't know Beth. I don't know if that would be a good idea to have... have myself in that part of your body."

"Oh John, We're already naked together, it wouldn't be any different. We have to do this to survive, and we don't want your poor penis to get hurt being in the same position for so many hours. You don't want it to get so hard and break off from being stuck like that do you?" Beth countered

Break off? I thought, was that possible? I thought that was a silly idea. My mind drifted back to the blood clot concern, as well as the painful ache. I did really need to get it in a different position, something that would still allow us to stay pressed together to stay warm and alive. Fuck.. I don't have much of a choice do I? "I guess you're right Beth. If you lift your butt up a little bit, I'll lay it down."

Beth putting her hands on the floor at our sides lifted her rear end off the floor, letting my cock land comfortably flat onto the floor below her ass. "Alright Beth, let me guide you down, go slow so you don't land on it the wrong way." I warned her.

Convincing myself this was for my cock, and to avoid a third kind of death, I placed my hands on her ass cheeks. Slowly she lowered herself with my hands guiding her into the right position. Once she was centimeters from being flat on the floor, Beth said, "Here, I think this will help more." Letting my hands support her weight, she used her hands to pull her ass cheeks apart as I let her hit the floor.

My cock in sticking straight out ahead of me now, instead of straight up, trapped between the floor, and two very tight and firm ass checks, clenching both sides of it. 

"Kind of like a penis burrito." Beth giggled, looking back at me.

"Yeah, I guess so." I said, my cock filled with a dreadful pleasure.

Trying to stave off the enjoyment of this position, it wasn't any help when Beth began to softly clench her butt cheeks together, to release them, and repeat. It felt so good; I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations. Beth continued her ministrations on my cock with her ass for several short minutes.

My subconscious letting out a moan, Beth's ass kept pulsating around me. The feeling then transitioned. She kept the pulsations around my cock, and started to rock her ass back and forth along the length of my shaft. Forgetting my dilemma, I sat there letting this very sexy girl rock her ass back and forth on my cock, squeezing it tightly between her firm little cheeks. 

I could feel her pussy grinding down onto my cock, its fluid dripping out to coat me like a drooling mouth, hungry for its dinner. It didn't help much for lubrication in the current motions, but I felt it; it was wet, and it was hot and more importantly, it sent the pleasure in my cock to the next stage, one step closer to my demise.

Beth sliding her ass back and forth along the cold floor, gliding up and down my length, it coated in the juice flowing from her hot hole. Placing her small hands over mine, she brought my hands up to cup her larger tits, the nipples pressed into my palms as she finished a backstroke; pressing her body tightly backwards into mine. I felt so good, I didn't want to stop.

I began to massager this girl's breast, squeezing and squishing her titty flesh. I pinched her nipples with my index finger and thumb while the rest of my hands held the rest of the soft meat tight in my embrace, lust pushing me to want more.

These motions continued for several minutes, Beth sliding her ass crack along my cock, me fondling her D sized tits, as I pushed her long brown hair to one side, I brought my head down and began placing little kisses along her neck, and sucking. Beth moaned and with increased effort continued her motions to stimulate my cock. My god I felt like I could cum from this.

Cum! I thought "Beth, we need to stop this." I said as I pulled my hands from her seductive tits and placed them firmly on her waist restraining her thrusts. 

"Wh... why John? Doesn't it feel good?" Beth purred, while trying to slide her hips. "You've made me really wet."

I knew she was wet, it was practically flowing freely out of her and pooling on my cock between our bodies. "I, I just can't Beth, this isn't right. Please stop."

Taking a moment Beth began to quietly sob "John, please.. They said that if I can't have an orgasm from your cock in me I'll die from a drug they injected me with."

Fuck, fuck.. what the fuck do I do? She must want to fuck to save her own life. "I can't Beth, If I cum; I'll die. I was injected with a drug that will kill me if I cum."

"You don't have to cum, I just have to have an orgasm, and please we can do this." Her hips starting their motion along my cock again, my hands no longer resisting her; I can do this. I have no choice; I have to do this to save her life, to save our lives!

Loosening my grip, her hips begin to grind along my length once more, my hands adding to her momentum. Damn her slit feels good I thought. I can hold out, I have to. 

Beth turns around on my lap, straddling my waist with her legs wrapped around me. "I need you in me John; I won't be able to orgasm otherwise." She lifted her body, my cock springing upwards, pointing directly into her steaming, slick, and deadly opening. My cock clearly more interested in pussy than life stood hard and proud as Beth's body came down onto it, enveloping it, gulping it down. She let out a moan, a satisfied utterance of satisfaction; satisfaction of a trap successfully sprung?

I didn't care at that point, my mind torn between the ecstasy surrounding my cock, the fleshy folds fluidly gripping me, falling onto my lap only to tightly pull up with my cock squeezed by her muscles; trying to milk the cum from my body with each thrust and the thought of sweet, and deadly release. 

Beth's legs tightly clung around me, her ankles locked behind my back; her arms around my shoulders pulling me into her body. Her tits, and those nipples, god damn those hard nipples are sensuously piercing into my chest, her spongy tits with those sharp nipples ground into me with her plunging down onto my cock; taking me into her body with desperation.

"Yes John, Yes, ohh god your cock feels good so deep inside me. I love your cock inside me, so deep in my pussy, JOHN oh JOHN yes, your cock belongs in my pussy. I wish you could cum inside my body. Oh god John I wish you could fill my womb with your cum." Beth chanted into my ear as she maintained her bouncing, her movements shortening. She kept more and more of my cock locked deep inside her hot prison, her movements shortening to the bottom inch of my cock.

I felt it; I knew I couldn't last much longer, her pussy felt so good, so tight, fuck her pussy feels so good. My cock tensed inside her, enlarging, causing her to moan with pleasure. "Oh God yes John, your cock is so big." 

"Be.. Beth.. I am going to cum soon; we have to stop." 

Beth intensified her downward squats, her pussy gripping me, her fluids coating me, her muscles clenching with each movement; encouraging my cock, provoking it to release inside it, to feed her womb with my seed. Beth's energy seemed unreal, as if an addiction was compelling her body for its fix. "MMmm MmM, I'm almost.. almost there John, please just another minute, another minute and I'll cum all over your cock." She muttered, clearly with difficulty; her sole focus centering on hard flesh filling the hole between her slender legs. "Please save my life John!"

Concentrating, I tried to hold off my ejaculation. As much as I wanted to let her have it, to fill up her tight canal, to even impregnate her should it come to that. Like a starving man who wanted nothing more than food, I cared for nothing but to fill this girl's body with cum. No, no! I can't cum; I need to hold off until she cums. Their will be other pussy, their will be many other chances to let loose inside a needy pussy. "Ok Beth, please hurry, I can't hold out much longer." My cock threatening to let loose deep inside it's burning prison, threatening to, demanding to.

Her pussy spasming around me, Beth sprang up and pulled herself back down with the help of gravity. Her pussy going wild around my cock, sucking, milking, begging for my cum, screaming that it belonged deep inside her body. My cock tensing, I can't hold it; I can't hold it any longer. I felt my cum rising, I knew it was about to come, another several thrusts and I would be filling this girl with my male essence, I would be dead. "Beth please, please stop." My male organ refusing to listen, it didn't care, fill this girls body at all costs was its dogma.
