 "You sure you want me to do this?"

Gabby Becket stood apprehensively in front of the full-length mirror mounted on her bedroom door. Her husband Dan laid a red cloak out on the bed and ran his palms across the surface so it was nice and smooth.

"Of course I'm sure," Dan said. "Yours will be the best Halloween costume ever."

Dan grinned. Gabby grinned as well. The truth was, this was her idea. She just couldn't believe Dan was so willing to go along with it.

"Well, as long as you're okay with it," Gabby said.

"Trust me, I am," Dan said. He watched as Gabby lifted her turtleneck sweater up over her head and tossed it aside. She wore a lacy white 38DD bra underneath around her round, natural breasts. Dan admired her sexy flat belly and full cleavage as she began to unzip her pants.

"Have you decided what shoes you want to wear?" Dan asked.

"Flats," Gabby said, sliding down her jeans and placing them onto the bed next to her sweater. "I'll be doing a lot of walking. I don't think my feet will hold out in those heels."

"Flats it is," Dan said, removing a pair of dark red flat shoes from the closet and setting them out at the base of the bed. He turned to see Gabby facing her reflection in the mirror, examining her appearance in only her panties and bra.

"Ugh, I've gained weight since last year," Gabby moaned. Dan stood up and walked towards his wife.

"Baby, you look FINE," Dan said, wrapping his strong arms around her. "I promise those extra curves will make you look even more stunning. He planted a kiss on Gabby's cheek and lightly slapped her butt.

Gabby batted her eyelashes.

"Okay, if you think so."

"I know so," Dan said.

Gabby giggled. She could always count on Dan to give her the pep talk she needed. Gabby unclasped her bra and set that aside as well. She turned towards Dan and gave him a view that never tired him. Her large breasts were so round and beautiful, with dark brown perky nipples on each one.

"Still think I look sexy?" Gabby asked, teasingly.

"More than ever," Dan said with a smile.

"What about pubic hair? Think I should give it a shave before I go?"

Gabby slipped her panties down, revealing a small tuft of pubic hair peeking out between her thighs.

"No, it looks great!" Dan said. "A lot of guys love to see a little patch on the puss."

"Really?" Gabby asked, kicking her panties onto the bed.

"I sure think so," Dan said. Gabby turned to Dan, wearing nothing but a smile.

"Well, ready," Gabby said.

Dan took a moment to enjoy his wife's naked body before handing her the red cloak. The plan was simple. It started with a prank Gabby had pulled a year earlier. Dan was handing out candy to trick-or-treaters while Gabby took a bath. Upon exiting, Gabby got the idea to put on one of Dan's trench coats and a Halloween mask. She slipped out the back door and sneaked around the house, without a stitch of clothing on under the coat.

When the coast was clear, Gabby rang the front doorbell. When Dan answered, Gabby threw open the coat and shouted "Trick or Treat!" Dan enjoyed the trick so much, he turned the porch light off early so he and Gabby could retire to the upstairs bedroom so he could enjoy his treat.

This was the inspiration for Dan and Gabby's plan this year. She would go door-to-door, around the neighborhood, wearing a cloak and mask and nothing else, and expose her naked body to every man who answered his door. Dan made the suggestion and Gabby was shocked that Dan would want her to do this. As it turned out, Dan loved his wife's body so much he felt compelled to share it with the rest of the world- all with the anonymity that a Halloween costume would provide.

Gabby fastened the cloak around her figure and slipped her feet into the red shoes. Dan handed her a plastic devil mask, and she placed it over face.

"Can you tell it's me?" Gabby asked, her voice muffled by the plastic mask.

"I'd never guess Mrs. Gabby Becket would ever wear something like that!" Dan said.

"Well, Gabby Becket has a few secrets then," Gabby said, turning to the left and right, modeling the silky cloak. In spite of being covered, Gabby's curvy figure showed through the red costume rather nicely.

"All right, rehearsal time," Dan said. "Show me what you're going to do."

Gabby did a sultry walk towards Dan.

"I'm going to do this," Gabby said. "Trick or Treat!"

Upon shouting the three words, Gabby quickly opened the cloak and revealed her naked body to Dan. She let him stare for just a second and then just as quickly, she closed the robe again.

"Beautiful," Dan said. Gabby giggled.

"This is going to be so much fun!" Gabby shouted.

Dan loved having such an open-minded and adventurous wife. Eager to begin their devious game, Dan wrapped his left arm around Gabby's waist.

"Care to dance?" Dan asked.

"I would love to!" Gabby said.

Dan took Gabby's left hand with his right and the two of them swayed across the bedroom in unison. He could feel her hip bump him gently in his groin as they moved, exacerbating his excitement. Dan twirled her in a circle and dipped her. Gabby lifted her mask so Dan could see her face.

"It's almost dark now," Gabby said. "Let's get started."

Dan and Gabby quickly descended the stairway. Their children were both at friends' houses for the evening, so they knew they would have the house to themselves once they returned.

Dan got behind the wheel of his light blue Taurus while Gabby walked to the driver's side window.

"I'll stay in the car and keep at a distance," Dan said. "You can get in the car if there's any trouble."

"I'll be fine," Gabby said. "All right, give me a kiss."

Dan pressed his lips against Gabby's and kissed her for several seconds. As Gabby pulled away, she put the mask back over her face.

"Have fun," Dan said.

He backed the car to the end of the driveway. Dusk had set in over the quiet suburban neighborhood, and trick-or-treaters could be seen trekking up and down the street.

Gabby scampered down the driveway and Dan closed the garage door behind her. Their night of mischief had begun.

She decided to begin with their next door neighbors, the Willisons. From the street it looked as though the husband, Mike Willison, was the one handing out the candy.

Perfect.

Step by step, Gabby crept up the Willisons' driveway. She could feel her heart pounding as she made her way up the concrete driveway and towards the front door. Nervously, she shot a glance behind her. Dan had his car parked a few houses down; just far enough away that he wouldn't arouse suspicion. She could see Dan shoot a smile at her.

Empowered with a sense of confidence, Gabby made her way up the narrow walkway connecting the Willisons' driveway to their front porch. Gabby stepped onto the concrete stoop, ducking underneath several rubber bats dangling from the roof outcropping. She stared at the front door, which had a paper skeleton with googly eyes grinning at her. Gabby could feel her body trembling with excitement. She took a breath, and rang the doorbell.

She waited.

She could see the light was on inside. Gabby's pulse picked up again and she was almost contemplating leaving. Then she heard movement inside. Someone was walking towards the door. Gabby froze.

The front door opened, and Gabby's neighbor of nineteen years, Mike Willison stood before him, holding a plastic mixing bowl full of chocolate candy bars. Gabby made her move.

"Trick or Treat!" Gabby shouted, opening her cloak. Mike Willison's eyes went wide at the sight of the naked female body before him. His jaw dropped, and he found himself at a loss of what to say. Gabby giggled, and shut her cloak. "Happy Halloween!" Gabby shouted, and ran off down the driveway back to the street.

What a rush! Gabby felt a surge of adrenaline coursing through her body, making her feel more alive than ever before. She could see Mike Willison peeking out his front door, watching her run down the street.

"What was that honey?" she heard Mike's wife, Barbara ask.

"Nothing dear," Mike said, still staring out into the darkness in Gabby's general direction. Gabby circled around and quickly entered her husband's car.

"Well?" Dan asked. Gabby stared back at him.

"That was incredible!" Gabby exclaimed. "I just- I just had to take a breath. I'm too excited right now!"

"Did he recognize you?" Dan asked. Gabby shook her head.

"No. He'd never suspect me," Gabby said. Gabby let her breathing slow before turning to Dan again.

"Okay, ready for the next house," Gabby said. She paused, as though she were waiting for Dan's permission.

"Go on," Dan said.

Gabby hopped out of the car and hurried up the driveway of the house on the other side of the Willisons. A younger couple lived there, Gabby thought they might have been named the Burkes. Gabby crept up the steps and rang the doorbell once again.

The husband, Wayne Burke, opened the door. Gabby threw open the cloak.

"Trick or Treat!" Gabby shouted.

"Daaamn!" Wayne Burke exclaimed. Gabby teasingly swayed her hips back and forth for a second before shutting the cloak.

"Happy Halloween!" Gabby shouted as she ran away. She didn't hesitate before running up the driveway of the next home, the Castillos. It looked as though the wife was handing out the candy at the Castillo residence, so Gabby elected to pass them by. She was more interested in titillating her audience, not offending them. The following house appeared to have a man doing the handout duties, so Gabby eagerly waited for the children to leave before making her appearance.

"Trick or Treat!" Gabby shouted as the door opened. She threw the cloak open in one swift motion, leaving the man at this house dumfounded at how to respond.

"Uhh, chocolate or peanut butter?" the man said, dazed.

"Chocolate!" Gabby exclaimed. The man handed her a chocolate candy bar and Gabby grabbed it and ran off into the night.

"Happy Halloween!" she shouted as she ran off with her newly acquired treat. Gabby took a short break to eat her prize and continued down the street. Dan slowly followed her along the street, trying to seem inconspicuous. Although Gabby did not realize it, he was as aroused as she was by her flashing shenanigans. He loved seeing Gabby's nude body, and he loved the idea that other men were seeing it as well. In all truthfulness, he would not have minded if they did more than simply look.

Dan often imagined having another man put his hands on Gabby. Squeezing her large breasts. Feeling her firm thighs. Spanking her round bottom. Kissing her soft lips. Dan never quite understood men who would go into a rage when finding out their wives had strayed on them. Dan personally would have loved to come home from work one day to find Gabby in bed with another man's penis in her mouth.

Dan felt if that ever happened, he would simply nod and smile, and close the door to give the two some privacy. This is secretly what Dan hoped would happen tonight. Sooner or later one of these randy gentlemen would invite Gabby inside for a drink. Dan wondered if Gabby would accept. He doubted it. It seemed Gabby garnered enough excitement from just letting them look. Still, it was exciting simply knowing the men around his neighborhood were seeing Gabby naked, so Dan decided to simply enjoy the experience.

Gabby continued going from house to house, flashing the occupants in each one. She collected the occasional piece of candy, but mostly she was met with wide-eyed stares and open mouths.

Within an hour and a half, Gabby had made her rounds to almost every home in the neighborhood. She sauntered towards Dan's car, carrying a bag full of her collected sweets, which had been given to her by one of her admiring gawkers.

"How'd you make out?" Dan asked. Gabby lifted her mask and rummaged through her bag.

"Well, I got five suckers, three chocolate bars, a bag of chips, two packs of gum, a roll of condoms, a religious pamphlet, and eleven phone numbers," Gabby said.

"You gonna call any of them?" Dan asked, winking.

"Of course not!" Gabby said. Then she stopped. "Still, it's nice that I got them."

Dan bit his lip. Gabby was flattered to have gotten the numbers, so Dan was happy about that.

"So where now?" Dan asked.

"Looks like I got every house," Gabby said.

"Not that one," Dan said. He motioned towards the end of the street.

"The Balko house?" Gabby asked. "You think he'd answer?"

"His porch light's on," Dan said.

Lukas Balko was a reclusive old man who lived in an old but well-kept house at the end of the street. He'd lived in the neighborhood longer than anyone, but people rarely caught glimpses of him. Gabby looked at the old-fashioned three-story residence. It was surrounded by a wrought iron fence, though the front gate was open.

"Looks kind of creepy," Gabby said. Dan shrugged.

"Well, maybe you'd rather head back, it is getting late," Dan said. Gabby cocked her head.

"Well, maybe I have time for one more house," Gabby said. "I bet old man Balko would appreciate a little eye-candy, don't you?"

"I'm sure he would," Dan said.

"All right, I'll do it," Gabby said, putting her mask back in place. She stepped through the iron gateway and crept up the long gravel driveway towards the old house. There were no Halloween decorations up that she could see, but the house seemed appropriately Halloween-ish anyway. Since the gate was open and the front light was on, Gabby took it as an invitation to proceed.

Creeping towards the old wooden porch, she clutched her trick-or-treat bag tightly. A gust of wind rustled her cloak, sending a wave of goosebumps up her body. Shivering nervously, Gabby pulled the silky material close to her body, and stepped onto the porch. The boards creaked as she set her weight upon them. Gabby could not see a doorbell, but the door instead had a fancy brass knocker. Gabby grabbed the cold brass and rapped three times.

She did not hear a sound. She waited for a second and knocked again.

Nothing.

Gabby looked back at her husband; still waiting in the car. Perhaps it was time to call it a night. She knew he was likely very aroused and looking forward to getting between her legs. Gabby was about to turn around when the front door opened.

Gabby turned. The door opened only an inch, but it opened. Gabby peered through the open crack. The interior of the house looked well furnished, but she couldn't see who opened the door. Gabby pushed onto the door.

No one was there.

Gabby was perplexed how the door could have opened with no one there. The door seemed securely shut when she knocked. Curious, Gabby took a step inside the house.

"Hello?" Gabby asked.

She looked around the room. There was an elegant rug sprawled across the floor, running through the foyer past a cozy den with a roaring fireplace. Gabby peeked into the den and the nearby dining room, but saw no one.

"Anybody here?" Gabby asked. "Trick or treat!"

Gabby opened her cloak non-nonchalantly, but it didn't appear anyone was present to enjoy the view. Gabby lifted her mask and looked down the hallway.

Seeing no one, Gabby shut her robe and turned to the doorway. Perhaps the door was simply loose. As she turned to the doorway, she heard a voice.

"Almost there," a frail voice from up the stairway said.

An old man, at least ninety, was descending the long elegant staircase. He clutched a walking crutch in his hand and steadily made his way down the stairs until he was face-to-face with Gabby.

"Well hello, young lady," the man said. He looked at her with his dark eyes and narrow brows. He let out a smile, pleased to have such a lovely woman as a visitor. Gabby grinned.

"Trick or Treat!" Gabby shouted. She threw open her cloak and flashed her naked body to the old man.

"Well, well," the man said. "Very nice." Gabby giggled.

"Are all the young ladies today wearing such lovely costumes?" the man asked.

"Nope, this was my idea," Gabby said. She realized at this moment she had not lowered her mask. This man had now seen both her face and body. "Well, Happy Halloween!"

Gabby turned to leave.

"Now, wait just a moment," the man said. "Don't you want a treat?"

Gabby paused. The old man reached into a bowl of candy resting by the stairway.

"No thank you. I've had enough. Just looking to have some fun," Gabby said.

"I know just what you mean," he said with a grin. "Say, I was going to take a dip in the hot tub. Since you're dressed for the occasion, would you care to join me?"

Gabby blushed.

"No thank you," Gabby said.

"You sure?" the man asked. "It's all warmed up."

"Thanks, but I need to get back to my husband," Gabby said, closing her robe. The old man raised an eyebrow.

"Husband, eh?" he asked. Gabby nodded.

"He was okay with this. He's just waiting for me."

"Well, you'd better go on then," the man said. "Happy Halloween."

"Happy Halloween," Gabby said.

"By the way-" the man began. Gabby stopped. "Nice melons."

He grinned. Gabby smiled.

She turned and walked out the front door, shutting it behind her. That was perhaps the nicest invitation she got all night. Gabby stepped off the porch and made her way back to Dan's car.

"Well, someone had a good time," Dan said, seeing the smile on Gabby's face.

"He said I had nice melons," Gabby said.

"I'd have to agree with him," Dan said.

"He also invited me to sit in his hot tub with him," Gabby said. Dan chuckled.

"Well, why didn't you?" Dan asked. This took Gabby of guard.

"It's late, I thought you might be worried," Gabby said.

"I'll be fine," Dan said. "You should go back. Sit in the tub with him."

"Really?" Gabby asked.

"Really," Dan said. "I'll be fine. Take as long as you want." Gabby shot a glance back at the house, and then at her husband.

"Well...okay," Gabby said, sheepishly. She set her Halloween bag in the car and made her way back to the old house. Dan watched; pleased at how this was progressing. He knew that old man Balko would not be able to keep his hands off Gabby once she was stark naked in his hot tub with him. He just hoped Gabby would not refute his advances.

He wanted to tell Gabby, to let her know that absolutely nothing was off-limits as far as he was concerned. He even considered insisting that Gabby take the condoms with her when she went back to the house, but Dan realized he didn't even mind if they had unprotected sex. Dan would have been perfectly happy to have Gabby become pregnant as a result of her tryst with old man Balko, and he would raise the child as he would his own.

Gabby arrived at the doorstep and rapped the knocker again. She didn't have to wait long before the door opened.

"Hello?" Gabby was surprised to see a much younger man standing before her. He had the same dark eyes and narrow brows as the older man, and he was dressed in swim trunks with a towel draped over his bare shoulder.

"Oh, hello," Gabby said. "I was just here and- I don't know, your grandfather, I assume? He invited me to sit in the hot tub." The young man opened the door. Gabby stepped inside and the man closed the door behind her.

"Hi, I'm Luke," the young man said, offering his hand. Gabby took his hand and shook it.

"I'm Marcy," Gabby said.

"Nice to meet you, Marcy," Luke said. Gabby looked around, but the old man was nowhere in sight.

"That man- is he your grandfather?" Gabby asked.

"Something like that," Luke said. "Come. I'll show you the hot tub."

Luke led Gabby through the kitchen and into an alcove near the back of the house. Inside the alcove, underneath a ceiling of tiled glass, was a rumbling hot tub.

"Looks nice," Gabby said.

"So do you," Luke said. Gabby blushed.

"Thank you," Gabby said.

Luke removed the towel from his shoulders and hung it across the handrail leading into the tub. His arms were strong and muscular and his body sharply toned.
