 This is a continuation of the Dangerous Longings storyline and it stands by itself or with the others if you choose to go back and read them to see how this got started.

Standing on the balcony looking down over the lands below I realized that I now had two little fledgling vampires' to take care of and to train in the ways of our kind. The strangest thing to me was that I had no one to teach me and through all these years no one had shown me a easier way to take care of myself and how to keep myself hidden from humans that may one day hunt me down. In a sense I had felt alone and that had been why I had taken the two beauties who were now inside feeding off each other and moaning in their animalistic passions. They were biting in areas no man would see until it was too late I noticed, that meant they already sensed one of the basic elements of how to survive. They would not be allowed out on their own for some time still as I would need to train them to hunt together and with me with caution before allowing such a thing to occur. 

As I said though I had changed them over simply because I was tired of sharing my life with only myself and the few servants that lived here in the mansion with me. The servants all knew that when the sun went down they were to stay in their wing and not to enter mine. That had been a contract stipulation and should it be broken, depending on what they would have witnessed, they would either be terminated on the spot or killed. I preferred to only terminate them though as to not rouse suspicion from the others. Still though years had gone by since I shared my bed with one woman for more than a night and I longed to do so again. I had never felt quite comfortable with full humans and I was hoping that by inducting one woman or as the case be two that void would be forever filled. Now I would have a woman or women to fulfill all the nights of lust I had held myself in check and secondly I would now be able to do what it was in my nature to do freely. Feed. Feed whenever I wished upon their naked flesh. 

Now in the interest of fairness I would have to train them first in the ways of their subservience to me. I was their lord and master now and as such they must learn the sting of my whip and the feel of my hand on their flesh. I had yet to punish either of them in these first few nights allowing them the freedom to feed off one another and myself to grow stronger. The time was at hand though that they learn the true nature of the vampire within them. 

I had learned that each woman had been somewhat of a pain craving slut before and now that would be magnified tenfold. For vampiric flesh rejuvenates at a rate of forty million cells per second. Which means that if a wound opens it closes just as fast. So if one were to be stabbed or sliced with a knife the flesh would have healed by the time the knife had been pulled from the wound. Or at least this is how it had always been with myself. I figured it would be a slower rate with two fledglings and I was prepared to test my theories very soon. Within minutes even. 

Sitting down on the balcony I pulled a long black leather folder from the pouch hidden inside my cloak. I sat it on the table and started to write down the details of the last few days as they were still fresh in my mind. That is how this story has come to reveal itself. But that is an entirely different matter altogether. As I put the pen to paper words flowed freely as the wind. So many thoughts and ideas to convey that it took me more than two hours to get through just the first night and the changing that had occurred in the two beauties. 

They had lounged inside during the day napping on and off behind huge black curtained windows in their bedroom. Each time one would awaken the other would follow shortly behind and then their bodies would entwine and they would feast upon each others bodies until drowsiness set in once more. They would ride one another's fingers or tongue to orgasm and then reciprocate before biting down on an inner thigh and drawing that sweet nectar of blood from the strong vein that pulsed there. Only once had I been forced to step in and warn them to be careful, that had been when Cindy had captured Sandy's clit in her mouth and used her new eyeteeth to pierce the bud of pleasure and drink from the trickle that poured freely from there. I couldn't allow that just yet. For their loud cries would alert the staff that something other than mortal beings hid in the comforts of the bedroom upstairs. And while the staff knew that they had new mistress' they also had been warned that the ladies were a bit eccentric and wouldn't venture downstairs often during the day. 

I closed the leather binder now and stood up stretching soon I thought, soon I must be out there again in the night draining some mortal of his/her blood. I needed to feed again on something or some one other than these two sexual vampire wenches I had created. Even as that thought ran through my mind I could hear the pants and squeals of pleasure as Sandy licked her lover to orgasm. Snapping me out of my revelries I slipped inside closing drawing the balcony doors closed behind me. It was time to introduce the twosome to the dungeon.

"Cindy, Sandy," I barked out in my deepest base voice, "it is time I taught you to the new limits of your bodies." I crooked a finger and beckoned them to me and as they kneeled I withdrew two collars of the finest leather from the night stand. Sandy's was red while Cindy's was blue. I wanted them to know full and well that even as vampires' they would always belong to me and in their altered minds the only thing that would properly represent that were collars as they would have worn in the D/s lifestyle.


Once the collars were in place I hooked a double leash to them. This would provide easier motivation and keep them in there normal partnership. It would show no favorite as each would be bound to the same leash just different eyelets. I led them proudly down the stairs and into the study. Once there I pulled a book, "The Vampire Lestat," from it's place on the shelf and reached into the void it had caused and pushed a button. I stepped back as the bookshelf slid away from the wall and to the side showing a stairwell lit with black lights. I led the two nervous girls down the steps into the wide open dungeon basement. Their look of astonishment at all the devices was more than enough to please me at this time and I knew that they both felt more at home here than anywhere else in the house thus far. 

"Sir," Sandy started, "why is it you are just now bringing us here?" 

"Yes, master," Cindy chimed in, "you know that this was what we expected our first night with you and what we whisper about during the day hoping our dark lord has waiting for us."

"Ah, but you see my pets," I replied with a wry grin, "I have wanted you to both feed upon each other and grow stronger so that when the time came to train your vampire flesh you would be capable of healing yourselves and to see just what limit of pain you both have now." 

The girls knelt at my feet prepared for anything I could or would do to them. As I sought through their thoughts I could envision just what they wanted and was pleased that it was in line with what I had planned for them. Their minds carried pictures of whips, and chains and spankings. Also blood seeping from deep lashes from the whip and little piercings and clamps that they both knew they could now endure where before they had only been amused with the possibilities. 

"You will both receive those and much more tonight," I told them.

I undid the leash from each supple young body and then ordered them against the cold cement wall. As the girls took their places each put one hand on the wall and the other on her partners ass. As for body posture I couldn't have asked for better submissiveness. Each girl leaned into the wall one long arm above her head palm flat against the cement while her hips were jutted out behind her in the soft sensuous curve any man or male beast desires. Both women were alert to the steps behind them and as I neared them with whip in hand now the hands that had been on their ass’ now met their other on the wall above their bodies. 

"WWWhiiissshhh, Snap," went the whip as it cut through the air and snapped across both taunt bodies. I watched the welts raise and as quickly as I could I snapped the whip back to my side only to lash out again. Before the whip had time to bite into them again their welts had gone down to only red markings. I would indeed have to use all the vampiric powers my body held to break their skin now and to make them bleed before they could heal up. I gave each of the beauties ten lashes before pausing again to see how their flesh responded.

Amazingly enough each of the welts barring two had no traces whatsoever. I looked on as the girls continued to pump their hips back in my direction hoping for more stinging pleasure. Their little lithe bodies could now withstand an unsurmountable amount of pain, and each girl wanted to find out just how deeply their powers ran. I looked up at them and could see their heads close together and their tongue wrapping around each other as they shared a wet embrace. I reckoned at this point that it would be time to step up and see just what pain they were willing to endure.

"Turn around my little vampress sluts!",Mason commanded. 

As the girls turned to face him they had the lusty look in their eyes that only true sexual beings understand. That cross between love, lust, hunger and a need for so much more than everyday vanilla people are aware of. The girls needed a touch of a strict disciplanarian and led by their master in the ways of the night. Mason could tell he wouldn't be able to seclude these two ravishing, ravenously hungry beauties much longer. He would have to take them out and let them secure a victim and perhaps return home with that victim to play with for a time. Between the two Mason had no doubt that their victim be it man or woman would be fucked to their fill and also drained slowly of their life essence. 

The girls stood their on the balls of their feet and waited patiently for the next command from their dark lord. Mason's thoughts ran through his mind as he figured the best way to proceed with these two wanton creatures. The normal route of punishment in their lifestyle would surely not even phase them at this point only arouse them until he allowed them to finally take his long shaft into each of their holes and fucked them until they were sated. Although he could think of nothing he or his prick would prefer now he knew that his hunger for blood was growing stronger each time he had lashed them and a trickle had flown down their sleek backs. Then he thought about the device made simply for when he had decided he would once again try and change over a submissive into a vampire and he within a blink of an eye had gone to the wall and retrieved it along with nipple clamps and stood right next to the girls.

"Ladies,"Mason said with a thin little smile, "These clamps are to adorn your nipples until I tell you to remove them if ever. On second thought Cindy go to the wall and take down the piercing gun and the needles in the top drawer and four of the eight gauge hoops as well."

Cindy raced across the room and as she did I, Mason, dark vampire master and lord of these two leaned in to Sandy and nipped at her lips sucking one into my mouth before piercing her lip with one of my fanglike teeth and drew small droplets of blood into my mouth. "You taste delicious my pet," I said as I ran a finger between her legs to tease her other set of lips open. 

Just at that moment Cindy returned and she sat the items I had instructed her to get down next to me on the little table and then she leaned in for a kiss of her own. I dropped the paddle I had gotten from the wall and slipped my other hand between her legs now stroking inside her sex as well. I was going to show them just how much pleasure could be given from the darker side of pain. 

"Cindy to your knees you little slut," I commanded as I picked up the piercing gun. Threading a needle into the gun I sat down in one of the chairs nearby and pinched and pulled her nipples as I prepared her for the piercing that would drive her wild. I watched as her eyes danced over my swollen member barely hidden beneath the leather pants I was wearing. She looked up hopefully into my eyes and with her thoughts begged me to allow her the pleasure of freeing my enormous member and letting her suck on it as I pierced her. 

I nodded as I held her left breast in my hand and rolled her nipple until it could grow no harder. Then with very little effort at all I lined up the needle just to the side of the nipple and pulled the trigger, at once the needle ripped through her nipple and she sunk a finger between her cute little sex lips and fucked herself hard as she swallowed my now exposed prick to the base. I grabbed one of the hoops and threaded it through her nipple as I pulled out the needle. I had done it this way simply so the opening wouldn't close up around the hole as soon as it had been made. Her vampiric flesh sealed itself around the ring as soon as it was in place and now as a vampire her time to heal had been reduced from weeks to seconds, no worries of infection or anything of that nature. Quickly I did the same to her other breast and she was bobbing her head with such speed and working her mouth with a great intensity around my cock now. As much as I wanted to fill her mouth with cum I pushed her away and let Sandy slip into her place. 

Sandy's piercings went just as well and her oral efforts to my cock were no less magnificent than her counterpart had done but now was the time for a greater lesson in pain. I instructed both girls back to the wall and then raised the paddle that had spikes on both sides high above my head. I aimed directly for Sandy's ass first and then concentrated with all the power I possessed and spanked her several times before she could even wince from the first blow. As I finally pulled away traces of blood and a thin trickle raced down her ass. Cindy took one cheek in her hand as I knelt down and we both lapped at a soft ass cheek sucking away the delicious blood. 

Cindy was randy and ready for her turn watching as Sandy pushed her newly pierced nipples up against the wall and rubbed them viciously against the cement loving the rough friction caused by her motions. Cindy presented her ass to me and wiggled her hips as she tugged on her nipples and rested her head against the wall. I did the same with her as I had Sandy and watched as Sandy reached to her friend's nipples and tugged their rings hard as I pounded her ass with the paddle. 

Each girl I am sure had numerous orgasms through all of this but that would be minuscule compared to what I had in store for them tonight. I told them to go and dress appropriately and slutty for the night as I was taking them out on their first hunting expedition. "Make sure as the sun sets you are both prepared to go out, do not keep me waiting or you will feed on nothing but each other for a fortnight."

I went up to my bedroom and closed the door, my prick still throbbing in its need. I still hadn't fucked either girl yet and surely I would do so tonight. It was my right and my wish to do so tonight, as they were feeding on their first victim I would be plunging my rod deep inside their resilient tight little holes. That is when they would find the greatest lust they had experienced yet. The first drop of blood from an innocent mortal, for all mortals where innocent no matter how devious and shady their lives path were. That first dribble of blood as you cup it on the tip of your tongue ignites passion and hunger from every pore in your body. The vampire inside makes you crave more blood and carnal pleasure than you have ever sought out before. I was sure these two would be wicked pleasure filled submissive vampress' before the sun had risen tomorrow morning.

Hours later as I stood just inside my bedroom watching the sun set on the horizon over the mountain tops behind my home I realized that my veins were pulsing and the need to satisfy my own hunger was just as great as it would be for the terrific two as I came to refer to them. I slowly left the confines of the bedroom and walked down the hallway to the adjoining bedrooms just off my wing. Inside the girls were finishing up their preparations for the evenings adventure. Their pale skin now had a foundation on it and blush lightly applied to the cheeks. They still gave off what this era referred to as a gothic look but that was all the better where we were going to hunt this evening. Normally I would frequent the bdsm clubs but tonight I figured we would have more luck at one of the nearby colleges raves. I wasn't as well known on that circuit and with these two beauties by my side we would make for a dazzling threesome to males and females alike.

"Into my car now ladies," I instructed them. I watched as each one sauntered down the hallway in their amazingly high heels and micro skirts. Each one wore a leather skirt matching her collar and they had obviously decided to do without panties as I could plainly see with each step. Their tight little ass’ led the way down the staircase and each cheek threatened to peek out from the leather confines with another step. For tops they had chosen to go with the opposite of their partner's skirt and to top it off each blouse was sheer and silk. Breasts unfettered by bras and their nipples with hoops through them pushed tight and erect against the material. I was sure that whatever male or female they would choose would easily fall victim to their female seductive forms.

The girls decided to recline in the back of tonight's vehicle of choice, the black hummer. They slid into the back and at once were rubbing each other in a more than lewd manner to anyone that would see. I let the windows roll down just a bit before pulling out of the driveway and down the long winding lane to the front gate of the house. Already moans were being elicited from each of them and now it was harder to concentrate on the road as I tried to focus on where our destination was. Nearly five minutes into the drive Cindy was slipping over the middle console with her ass exposed to her lover and vampress partner. I could only imagine what this hungry little vixen had on her mind and was correct as I felt her hands sliding down my chest and opening the crotch to the leather pants I had on.

"Master," she whispered as she sucked on my earlobe playfully, "I want nay, I have to have this," she grabbed and squeezed my cock hard for emphasis, "this magnificent rock hard cock inside me tonight." 

Her tongue slid along my neck as she nipped down and pierced the skin there. Her pink tongue slid along my neck where her teeth had punctured my skin. She sucked in earnest as I felt her stroking my hardness up and down and then I heard her squeal as Sandy must how found just the right spot to tease Cindy's lovely little body. I was driving well past the speed limit now trying to get to the rave before I had to stop and ravage these two sensuous beings. I had decided rightly about taking them and converting them to my kind. 

As we pulled into the parking lot of the club I could already see plenty of tasty morsels of human flesh lumbering about. It wouldn't take long for the girls to get overly excited and claim the victim they would be taking home tonight. I just wandered if it would be man or woman. The girls straightened themselves up and then excited the hummer as I locked the doors and slid behind them, one hand on each of their hot ass’. I could easily read their mind by the pictures they emitted and they were awash with ideas of twisted bodies and dripping blood. I couldn't help but shudder as I thought about my own needs and desires. I would be feeding with them tonight so perhaps I would choose opposite whatever sex they chose. That or I also entertained the idea of bringing home just one final female to populate the home. 
