 In only a few short days my dark queen to be, Tina, had taken a shining to surprising me. She had learned things like they were old hand. Rather than wait and let her progress slowly with the other two I had accelerated her growth by pushing her limits. When she failed only once to please me I had taken her to the dungeon and whipped her repeatedly until her hips undulated with need. 

It had appeared to me that she failed on purpose, failed me, Mason, king of the vampires, with too much glee. Tina had apparently thought and craved a rougher physical contact than had been given so far and she was determined to get it. What she failed to understand is that I read her mind as she let go of the control which blocked her thoughts almost completely from me as I introduced her to the pain. She had indeed failed on purpose noting in her thoughts that the task I had set before her was mere play than a true test. 

I had to get to the bottom of this but it would take time. Sandy and Cindy were progressing nicely as well, working on their own little tasks. The first I had set out for them was to take them into the dungeon and only feed them with a stray homeless person over the last few days. I wanted them to be rabid when I finally let them out. Famished and prepared to go on a wild hunt through the night and to rely on their darker senses. 

That would come soon, for now I was allowing them the comfort of their bedroom while I took Tina to my office and showed her around. I introduced her to all the staff as my new private secretary. Some eyebrows raised but no one would dare speak out against the owner of this company. Long ago the personnel had learned that to speak out above their station would result in the door being shown to them in a hurry. 

As the door to the office closed behind us I grabbed Tina and slammed her up against the cold black metal doors as the bolts slid to engage in their lock. Suck precautions were necessary when I felt the hunger and need to feed quickly upon someone deep inside my office. The room was soundproof as well so the thud as Tina hit the door wasn't even heard outside the barrier of the door. 

Tina's mouth opened and her fangs slowly dropped from her gums, her emerald eyes tinged with the deep crimson hue that was fueled by her lust. In the next instant Tina's skirt was pulled up to her waist and my throbbing prick was sliding into her. My mouth slid over her tender exposed neck and I tore through her flesh piercing her with the fangs protruding from my mouth. Her high pitch squeals filled the room as I savored the salty sweet blood from her veins. 

"Mason, oh fuck, Mason," she moaned as I rammed deep inside her. 

I slammed my mouth down over her neck and sucked the blood that was flowing freely. She no longer needed to use her mouth for speaking and as my hand traveled up her chest she took it in her own two hands. Grabbing the wrist she turned my arm over and sunk her fangs into the flesh. 

"Mmm, you taste delicious Mason, my dark lord," she said with her telepathic voice. 

I was too involved in the sensations of feeding and fucking to answer her or even respond. I had to have her and in every way I had imagined since awakening this morning. I pulled her away from the wall and in a flash had torn my arm free of her probing fangs and removed my own from her neck. As I pressed her against the desk I slid deep back into that warm pussy she loved to tease me with. Rarely had more than a few hours gone by that I hadn't been inside her once more. Our bodies and lusts fed off one another with ferocious depths. 

I grabbed her hair and snapped her neck back as my hips slammed into against her ass. "I am you lord and master, my vampress queen," I yelled as I fucked her harder, "you will always obey my commands and even as my wife continue to be my loving slut, won't you?"

It was more of a rhetorical question but her mouth opened as she gripped the edge of my desk and pushed her hips back to meet me. "Yes, my lover, my maker, I will be your humble servant and equal at the, oh fuck, you feel so good, same time."

I had chosen wisely I could see, even as I continued to fuck her she was showing signs of her grand metamorphosis. Because a purely mortal woman by now would have begged for a moment of reprieve from the assault of my cock and rough treatment of her body. Tina however did not, she needed no moment of rest and she continued to thrust against me and match the pace of our lewd joining.

Finally I came inside her scalding her womb with the hot seed from my loins. She writhed across the desk contorting her body so she could look into my eyes as I filled her with the last of my cum. Even as I finished she rolled over and put her feet to my chest and gave me a playful push with her feet. As I was forced to step back she dropped to her knees and stroked the last dribbles of cum from me before nipping playfully at my cock and then cleaning it with her talented mouth.

"Mason, father of vampiric flesh," Tina slowly spoke as she released my cock from her mouth, "I know you have been wondering why I make the leaps and bounds in the training you have put me through and why there was no convulsions or spasms as you drained me that first night. Well I am about to tell you my dark lover...