 Mason arose early the next evening and let himself out onto the terrace as he allowed his mind to go back over the previous nights goings on. He was close to knowing the truth and figured he had it all worked out in his mind but there were still a few details that he was missing. Why or how the way things were turning out he was unsure though and that is what he was finding himself perplexed with at the moment. 

Standing on his terrace overlooking the great fields and open land behind the mansion Mason turned his gaze to the mountains and watched as the moon crested just over their peaks. His mind's eye flashed back to when he was young merely a fledgling vampire struggling to understand his gift. That eternal gift that had been either some genetic anomaly or perhaps it had been a predestined plan by the creator. Either way he had been able to do things at an early age that most men and women wouldn't be able to even entertain ideas of for a little over a century. His mental capacity was greater than that of anyone ever and his physical attributes were equally as blessed. Mason thought back to all the years he had walked this earth and now finally over a century and a half later he had found his mate, or at least that is how Tina was shaping up. 

Tonight would be her final test along with the other two vampress', Sandy and Cindy. Mason had planned for a small ceremony and had accosted a priest to perform the rites and ritualistic vows just prior to dawn. He knew that if the night went as expected he would be sharing his large bedroom from now until the ends of time with Tina, Sandy, and Cindy. 

The test was to be a hunt, he had marked and taken blood from one mortal and left them out in the hills to survive for the last few days. Even now as he stood there looking out Mason could fix his gaze directly at where the pathetic human was cowering in the woods at the base of the mountains. The humans mind was melded with Mason's own and even had it not been like this his scent, the human scent of fear, radiated from the man and would have made him easy for the vampiric lord. The women when they roused from their slumber would be given their task, each was to go out into the night on the gated property and to hunt down this man. Only one must succeed for all three to gain entrance into the final stage of the transformation Mason was putting them through. Once completed he would wed Tina, and give the two little ones another bloodletting of his own and allow them a taste of a higher level of being than they had already achieved. 

Mason also planned to allow each girl to change one mortal to share their stately bedrooms with should they prove worthy tonight, that way besides having each other their would be four morsels to play with at all times between themselves and for their lord. He also had to determine what it was that Tina shielded from him so well with her mental block. He knew that it was something truly significant because in only a weeks time she had already surpassed both Sandy and Cindy and could do things that only Mason himself had been capable of. Tonight all would be revealed though.

"My dark god," Tina whispered into Mason's ear as she reached around him to grab hold of his hard vampiric flesh, "I know what you are thinking for you forgot to shield yourself."

"Wench," he teased her playfully turning around and kissing her, letting his fangs pierce her pretty lips just enough to give him that taste of her sweet blood. He then ran his hands down her neck and to her full bosom where he teased each nipple with his sharp nails causing her the pain and pleasure that she so loved. 

"No time for teasing yet my pet," he growled, "since you have read my thoughts you also know that you have a hunt to complete with the others as well as revealing yourself completely to me."

"Tonight it will all come out my love," Tina replied, "I promise you it will be a night much more grand than you have already planned and when we return to this bed tonight it will be more than husband and wife, more than lord and lady of the vampires, it will be much deeper and fulfilling than any night you have ever spent with a woman, mortal or otherwise."

With that she reached beneath Mason's trousers and stroked his rigid cock a few times before turning and going to collect the two vampress' down the hall. She swayed her hips as she walked out knowing that his eyes were fixed on her womanly hips and the crack of her ass. She also knew that his mind was wrapped around the words she had just spoken to him and he was trying to figure her secret out before she would unveil it to him. She just chuckled to herself as she pulled on the cloak he had given her and went into the girls room. 

As she slipped through the door she found them as she had every night earlier this week wrapped in a warm embrace kissing, licking and fingering each other as they allowed the other to pierce the skin and drink from the blood flowing through their veins. 


"Sandy, Cindy," she said giving them a moment to separate from each other, "it's time, we are to go out into the night and hunt down the mortal that our lord Mason has let free somewhere on the grounds. For your part if one of you should beat me to him, I know that your master doesn't want the mortal killed only retrieved and unscathed more so than he already is. You have three minutes to dress however you see fit and meet me in the hallway. Oh and one more thing ladies, I would strike this little bargain with you, should one of you find this mortal before I do, bring him to me and allow me the privilege of returning him to the master in exchange for a favor that I will allow you to determine later."

With that Tina walked out of the room and stood in the hall, she knew that this hunt was going to be over quickly and also that there was no contest who would capture this human first. Her talents exceeded that of both the girls and at times reveled Mason's, she didn't want to just go out and return with the man too quickly though for that would take some of the fun out of things but she would track him down within minutes and tease him just long enough to allow the other two to get close to finding him before she would swoop down and claim her prize.

Mason sent out a mind whisper to each and told them happy hunting and then he went to awaken the priest and told him to prepare for the ceremony, for he knew just what Tina had been thinking as well and that meant he wanted to be ready the moment the ladies returned to the inner sanctity of the mansion. Then the real nights test would begin, the final step in each of their evolutions.