 Mason sat on the terrace in his chair listening to the creatures of the night as he focused on the three minds under his power. He could easily read each girl's thoughts and knew just where they were by the manner of details rushing into their heads. He was well aware that Tina had already located the man and was just toying with him from above and behind as the pathetic little man ran through the woods and attempted his futile escape. 

Sandy and Cindy on the other hand were growing nearer and as always they were close together spread out just enough that they weren't right on top of one another but could easily see the other one through the night with their enhanced gift of night vision. They were both still incredibly aroused and their thoughts each drifted back to only less than an hour before when they had been embracing one another with their tongues sliding deep inside each others moist caverns of pleasure. Nothing was taboo any longer between them, they had feasted on blood together torn apart a mortal and shared themselves with their master and new lady of the house. Their carnal as well as blood lust were fulfilled whenever they wished now and they would never have anything to fear as long as they remained together and with the master. 

"There he is," whispered Sandy to Cindy as they each spied the man running through the woods about a mile below them.

"Back off you two I have him," came the minds voice of Tina as she came into view right behind the man, her feet barely touching the ground and she seemed to fly along behind him as the girls watched from the side of the mountain. 

"Yes, mistress we can clearly see you do have him," came the reply from Cindy. 

Both girls knew that Tina was stronger than them and also that she had already secured her place with the master higher than they could ever ascend. They weren't willing to face the wrath of either Mason nor his dark bride to be. They would be happy to share their eternity with each other and their master and mistress and remain in good standings.

Tina knew it was time and she carefully masked her thoughts from Mason and the girls as she came up from the ground and floated just above the terrain closing the gap between herself and the human. Within seconds her hands had slipped beneath his arms and scooped him up as she turned and vanished from the girls sight in a cloaked of trees. Or so they thought, she had simply created a little mind smog and given herself the advantage that she was about to return to Mason on his terrace with the human in her arms without entering through the front door. Mason hadn't yet discovered that Tina could glide and fly almost as effortlessly as he could so this would hopefully make him quite happy and pleased with her.

A few moments later she lifted the mind smog and beckoned the girls to return to the house with her as she floated up in front of Mason with the limp mortal, passed out from fear and exhaustion at her lord's feet. "I have come to claim my prize now that I have passed the test my dark lover and master," she cooed. 

Mason didn't reveal his temporary shock as he rose to his feet and stood before the girl. She had done everything he had set out to have her achieve and more. Now he was going to find out why she was so advanced and what secret she was hiding from him. Grabbing her by the hair he pulled her through the house and down into the dungeon area. Quickly he fastened her to the wall and pulled out the razor strap that he was using as a whip tonight, it had been fashioned for just this occasion and it had an added little twist to it. Where most are just leather this one had a tiny rose at the handle as well as little metal thorns that would pierce her flesh with each contact to her skin. If she loved pain so much he was determined to give it to her as her reward and to extract the information he wanted from her.

Mason heard her chuckle as he let go three quick flicks of his wrist and watched as her back and ass had a slow trickle of blood run down them. "Now my little vampress slut, I want to know what secret it is you're hiding from me."

Before she would answer Tina shook her head no, wanting to wait until the other two were here so she could reveal all, she could feel them close and knew they were in the house and would shortly find their way down to the dungeon these two loved pain just as much and sensing the whereabouts of their master and future mistress they would be there any second. 

Walking through the door Sandy and Cindy stood and then knelt down as Mason turned to face them. They needn't speak a word for their thoughts had proceeded them and Mason knew they would be just as happy to watch and listen for now as be active participants. Mason then let out a few more rough cracks of the whip and as Tina gave a small moan and wiggled her backside back at him she began to speak, slowly turning her head to face him.

"Master, lord, lover, Mason, I will now tell you everything you wish to know, I only wanted the other two to be present sir, so that they know exactly what they are in for in the centuries to come."

"Get on with it slut," Mason yelled as he flicked his wrist again and watched the whip tear through Tina's flesh on her ass and then just as quickly heal right up. She was shivering in pleasure and pain as she opened her mouth to speak again. 

"My dark lover, the giver of eternal life to us all, here is the knowledge that you seek," she paused giving him a moment to seek entrance into her mind and catch one small picture before slamming the wall back in place. 

"Oh my god," Mason mumbled as he took a step back from Tina, "No there's no way that could be, you have to had been through my own thoughts when my guard was down and seen this image and projected it now to me." 

"What, what is it master," Sandy and Cindy cried out in unison. 

"I, Tina, or should I say Mandy am Mason's daughter, born to him and his mother over a century ago. Yes, you two, his mother was also my mother. Father, lover, I too received the vampiric gift you did in lesser fashion and strength though than you have. I don't think our mother had the gift to pass on I believe through years of research that it was your DNA that passed it along to me."

Mason let the whip crack this young girl across the ass again and she with a flick of her wrists had managed to disengage the restraints from the wall with her incredible strength and knelt down in front of him. 

"This knowledge changes nothing my lord," she continued, "the only change is you may now call me Mandy and know that you have found your long lost daughter at last and she has come to join you as your lover, and nearest to an equal you shall find ever roaming this earth."

Mason stood there looking down at Tina/Mandy, his mind reeling, how had he not seen this, not made the connection before, he was always so careful with details that he couldn't believe his lack of attention now. "Mandy, could it be true, could you be that little girl I left so many years ago?"

Mandy didn't wait for an answer she reached up and unzipped Mason's pants, "Father now you can have the best of all worlds, eternal life with your daughter, who will also be your lover and partner throughout eternity. We do not share the taboos mortals do you should know that as well as anyone, I may be your daughter but I am also a woman, and a vampiress that has lusts and needs that only you may fulfill."

As she talked Mandy noticed the other two girls moving towards them and then as they prepared to disrobe Mason put up a hand to halt them. 

"We must go upstairs to the balcony before anything further happens tonight, we have two things to accomplish before I will allow a night of depraved carnal lusts are fulfilled. Or at least one thing before we do the second while enjoying each other."

Stay tuned for the last Chapter. Please remember to vote and send feedback.