 Mason lead the vampress' up to his room and through the door. The man still lay out on the balcony passed out from what Mason figured was exhaustion and fright of the last few nights out alone on the property and running for his life. In the center of the room stood a young priest, whom Mason had captured as he left the rectory a few nights ago. The promise to the man had been that should he perform the ceremony he would be given a glimpse into the eternity which he so surely believed in. 

What Mason hadn't told him was exactly how, but he would soon find out. Mason turned to the priest and nodded his affirmation to start the ceremony. After going through all the ritualistic verses and finally arriving at the I do's Mason told the priest that they were going to deviate a bit from the original scripture and traditional vows. 

"Mandy, with this ring, I thee wed, I vow to love, honor and cherish you until life on this planet ceases to stop providing us a source of sustainment. I vow to share each vial and drop of life with you that we take from mortals and to protect you should we ever become discovered. I love you my wife, my dark partner and my daughter."

Mandy then turned to Mason and began her own quickly thought up vows, "I Mandy, daughter of the lord of vampires, vow to love, honor and obey your every command and wish until that time which this planet provides no more life source for us to drain. I vow to share each drop of life with you as we drain it from a mortal being and also to protect our secret and each other at any and all cost. I love you my husband, my dark provider and partner and father."

The priests eyes by now were wide open and Mason knew there would soon be two choices on how to deal with him but first he wanted the union to be blessed and the marriage certificate signed. Then they would attend to the priest and other human.

"I now pronounce you husband and wife," the priest said stricken with sinful thoughts as he watched Mason kiss his daughter and wife and then slide his mouth down over her neck and pierce the soft flesh there taking a few hard sucks of her blood before breaking the deep kiss. Mandy reciprocated kissing her husband and father and tasting her own blood on his lips before latching her fangs into the vein that pumped his vampiric blood through his body and draining him as he had done to her.

Cindy and Sandy were giggling and watching in awe as the two turned their focus back to the priest. "Sir," Mason said slowly, "you now find yourself faced with two choices, you may either join us if one of the two lovely ladies behind me would like or we may drain you of your mortal life source and in that I do mean your blood and soul, either way I first give you the choice."

The priest waited a moment and then spoke up softly, obviously terrified of the situation he found himself now in, "I cannot join you for you are spawn of some sort of demon or Lucifer himself."

"As I expected," Mason responded, "ladies, he is yours to play with, drain him slowly or fast makes no difference to me. Keep him around for a while if you like, just make sure to put him down in one of the cages or rooms so that he doesn't carry his knowledge out into the world."

"But master," Cindy replied, "I believed we were all to share this night," she said with a wicked smile.

"Indeed our pets, we shall all share both morsels tonight," Mandy said turning to face the girls as their mistress for the first time, no longer was she even considered remotely on the same level of vampress, but had ascended with her revelation and marriage in the same night to their master's equal.

Turning to embrace each other again Mason and Mandy quickly shed their cloaks and their naked flesh pressed against one another as they let their minds meld with all the possibilities that their future may hold. Finally Mandy opened her mind to let Mason see all that she had experienced in her years roaming the earth and she was pleased when he reached down and cupped her ass and pulled her to him. 

"I do love you my little Mandy," he whispered.

"As I do you, Mason, daddy," she giggled feeling a bit naughty and childlike for once in over a hundred years of time.

Cindy and Sandy eager to join in the fun went to the priest and disrobed in front of him as they let their talon like nails slice through his clothing. As soon aa they had tossed aside his tattered coverings they pulled him down to the floor amidst his struggles. He may have protested but his hard cock was betraying him as Cindy wrapped her hand around it and began to lick his balls. She knew that he had probably never been with a woman and this excited her to no end as she stroked him. But she knew she had to pierce his flesh and taste his holy blood before she tore him apart from the hunger. 

Sandy had managed to slide over the priest and was holding his head in her hands as she straddled his face and pushed her pussy down to his lips, He refused at first to lick her until she reached down and twisted each of his nipples making him scream, as his mouth flew open she lowered herself letting her pussy rest on the bottom open lip of his mouth. Finally she felt his tongue slide over her sex lips and begin to push inside, he was only mortal after all and most men when given the choice to die a virgin or get some pussy, well they would always choose what she was offering.

Mandy and Mason had glided over to where the man lay and quickly Mandy began to stroke his cock as Mason stood over her holding her head with his hand and directing her mouth to his own cock. Mandy finally managed to get the man hard and as she rode him she could feel the blood coursing through his veins, soon enough it would be traveling down her throat but first she intended to have something else warm in her stomach. 

Mason stood there looking at Mandy with adoration as she sucked his cock and rode the mortal who was starting to come too. Finally as she bobbed and rode them both she managed to coax her father to cum inside her mouth, as Mason came he held onto her head and then reached down tugging on her nipples as she came with him. As the man opened his eyes beneath her he started to scream, "Please let me go please."

He seemed oblivious to the fact that he was getting a final fuck but that wasn't the care of Mason nor Mandy, they were hungry now and it was time to be fed. Mason dropped down on one side of the man as Mandy hopped of his rigid cock and dropped her head between his legs. The man unsure of what was happening gave another cry, a final cry as Mandy and Mason both let their fangs break into the man's flesh and directly into two of his strongest veins. 

As Mason drank from the man's neck his daughter and wife drank from the vein in the man's thigh. The blood coursing through the veins pumping with speed as his adrenalin shot through his system only fueled their hunger. As the last drops came dribble out of the man, Mason and Mandy embraced again and Mason severed the man's head with one quick snap of his neck, tossing it aside for the moment. 

Both quickly turned their attention back to the girls who were draining the priest as he filled Sandy's pussy with his cum. Cindy was lying beneath them as the priest fucked Sandy doggiestyle and she lapped at Sandy's clit and the priests large balls prepared to drain him of his blood as soon as Mason gave the ok. 

Mason slid behind the man as Mandy leaned over to kiss the priest, "Prepare yourselves ladies," Mason mind whispered before slitting the man's jugular and watching the blood spurt out. All four of them attacked various points of the dying man's body as his blood flowed freely covering them all. 

Once he had expired, and had nothing more to give the girls turned their focus on their master and new mistress. Cindy dove between Mandy's legs and began to lap at her wet pussy as Mason slid behind Mandy. His cock positioned at her back entrance he gave a hard shove and slapped her ass as he bit down on her neck and began the transference again. His cock pulsing inside her tight ass and having her pussy licked was sending Mandy on a orgasmic roller coaster, then she felt Sandy's lips close around her nipple and her teeth nipping at the erect bud as she moaned and came stronger than before. 

The entire night was filled with sex and small bloodletting before the foursome broke off into their normal pairs now. As Mandy and Mason lay in their bed shrouded from the light that would soon be coming through their window Mandy's legs once again spread open as Mason slid over and into her. 

"Daddy, or my husband," she teased, "give me a vampiric baby of pure blood tonight." 

Mason just smiled as he filled his daughter's womb with his cock and eventually his seed, perhaps the time for being alone was finally over. Soon enough he thought he would have a son or daughter that would be pure vampire. Never again would his nights be lonely or would he wonder what had become of his daughter. 

Thanks for reading please remember to vote and send feedback. MV