 [ Any names, events, references or characters belong to their original owner, I suppose to the creators of the video game Dante's Inferno and Dante, considering he's the one that wrote the poem. This is a story branched off of the video game Dante's Inferno, and I don't claim ANY of the characters from it, it belongs to the amazing creators of that game!

Though I try to stick to the game closely, I'm a little off sometimes, and yes, I have changed certain situations so that it fits. I hope you enjoy this, and feedback is always appreciated. Thank you! ]

Dante's Inferno: Lust, Chapter One

The citadel of lust towered over Dante's solid body, the place entirely enveloped now in the swirling cyclone that he'd just broke through with a friendly electrical surge. The second circle of Hell, Lust, awaited him. He was ready to save his Beatrice and return home with her, even if it meant prying her body from the hands of Lucifer himself. He gazed around this room, taking a step forward. 

In the center, there was a stone head of a snake, with a very obvious lever on the left side. With little belief that he'd be leaving this room without fighting some sort of hellish beast, he stalked towards the lever cautiously, prepared to grasp the handle of his scythe and rip through anything in his path.

However, when he approached the lever, it was not a hellish beast that had appeared. A woman had spawned from the shadows, a woman! He glared at her over his shoulder, narrowing his eyes. The woman was shapely and had large, round breasts with barely any clothing on, hard nipples clearly visible through her thin wrap, with long dark hair beneath a headdress. A small, innocent smirk came across her face.

"The Queen of the Nile awaits you, Dante," She said, her voice so soft and enchanting.

Dante turned to face this woman, suddenly unable to speak. He was surely faithful to Beatrice, he knew he was, but the woman.. the woman was so.. irresistible. His eyes were plastered to her chest, and he examined her stomach, and then, lower.

The servant to the queen's smile grew. "Dante," She repeated his name, followed by a few echoes of her voice saying his name as she crept closer and closer to him. He lifted his chin, swallowing hard.

"No," Dante refused, attempting to turn his head away. "I must save Beatrice..!"

The woman laughed and laid a hand on his chest, looking up at him. "Dante.. Forget about her for just a moment.." She beckoned, her other hand running down towards his groin, where she then plunged it within his heavily armored pants. Dante looked as if he would have tried to tense up and slash her away, but he didn't. He had given in to this seductress.

With a kiss on the lips, she began lightly running her fingers along Dante's member, and she played with him like a fragile toy, chuckling in his ear when she felt it begin to lift and broaden. He backed up, leaning against the wall unsteadily as she pulled open his pants. She had lowered herself to her knees and was now caressing his dick, one had wrapped around its base. She curled her fingers around it and pumped it for a moment, trying to get the most out of what her hands could do, then finally, she was ready to take it into her mouth.

She ran her tongue along his cock, starting from his pulsing ball sack to his warm head, and all along his thick shaft several times, all of which felt amazing. "Mmm," She cooed as she licked his head furiously. She opened her mouth wide and took an inch, then two inches, and continued until his cock touched the back of her throat. She sucked gently, her tongue still working even within her mouth. Dante grunted with pleasure as her head began to bob along his hard dick, and he placed and hand on the back of her head to assist her.

Soon Dante began to force the rest of his dick down her throat roughly, feeling as if he had been fucking a pussy instead of a mouth because how deep it was. The seductress moaned every once and a while, muffled by the enormous cock being stuffed into her mouth. Taking the cock restlessly, she played with his balls, rubbing them between her fingers carefully as she sucked Dante's manhood into her throat.

She sucked and moaned, until she herself was dripping wet, and then Dante pulled her face back from his dick, a trail of spit hanging from her lips to the head of his cock. She looked up at him, then opened her mouth wide, knowing exactly what she was going to receive now. She took his member in her right hand and pumped it steadily towards her gaping mouth.

Dante then exploded, cum filling her mouth to the brim and dripping out from the corners of her lips, running down her chin and to her chest, and she gulped the whole load down, licking up any cum that had remained on his cock. She cleaned his member to perfection, then rose to her feet, licking her lips with a broad smile.

Then, turning towards the shadows, she glanced at Dante, who stood exasperated and completely taken aback from the blowjob he'd just experienced, and she repeated to him with the same, gentle voice,

"The Queen of the Nile awaits you..."