 Dark Companion

1st Night

The moon shows its soft light on the world as I walk the streets. I listen to your voice as you call out to your friends who are leaving your party to return to their homes. The light of the full moon catches your face and I see its beauty from down below. I slip into the shadows as your guests pass. You watch them go before turn to return to your room closing the door to the balcony that you were just using. You turn up the lamps in the room and pull the drapes closed, but I can still see the shadow of you. In the flash of a thought I stand outside your window looking through the crack of the drapes. 

I watch as you change from your party dress to your night gown. I can hear your heartbeat and breathing slow as you slip into restful sleep. I reach out with a gentle mental touch probing your mind to make sure your sleep is deep enough for my purposes. Satisfied I decide to enjoy myself. Your hand has the sudden urge to rub your womanhood as the hem of your gown rides up your legs exposing your pussy. Your fingers expertly begin to tease it until you are good and wet. The sheets are drawn back exposing your body pulled by some invisible hand. The straps of your gown slowly slip off your shoulders and your gown rides down to your waist bunching there. The night's cold air touches your nipples making them hard and firm causing you to shiver. Soon warm hands cover them bringing new warms and comfort. You sigh with relief and ecstasy as they seem to rub them and massage them. A mouth kisses the lobe of your ear before trailing kisses down the side of your neck. The mouth stops where your neck meets the shoulder and you feel the grazing of sharp teeth there. In one quick and savage motion they bury themselves into your flesh finding the vein but there is no pain. The blood itself does not seem to flow that much but you are not paying attention to that. You focus is on each and every nerve in your body as they seem to come alive all at once. You feel hot and feverish as the pleasure in your pussy and the rubbing of your breasts increases. You arch your back overwhelmed by the pleasure you feel as your pussy gushes forth with all its juices squirting them onto the bed. Something supports you holding you there. Without opening your eyes your other hand reaches for the candle next to your bed while the other hand doesn't stop its rubbing. Taking the side without the wick u force it into yourself the juices of your pussy making it easy and the smooth object slides in. 

You lick your lips at the pure deliciousness of the moment as you have never felt more alive. Your body burns with the need to be penetrated to release this heat that is burning you up with lust. Using both hands you fuck your pussy desperately seeking release as you fuck yourself suspended above the bed in mid air. You climax again and again until you are too tired to do it anymore. Your body is slack from exhaustion as you settle back on the bed the conscious part of your mind still asleep. The following morning you awaken to still find the candle inside you before you pull it out of your worn pussy. The bed is still wet from last night's dream, and that is all that it must be, for when your fingers rub your neck your neck the bite marks that should be there are gone. Except for that everything seems to have happened. You go about your day believing that is all that has happened but inside a coffin not far away a dark figure smiles as the crosses his mind, 'I believe I will like to play again with my new companion.'

2nd Night

Months have passed since that strange but delightful night and you have run on some hard times. Bill collectors threaten to hassle you until your uncle a well respected man pays them off and invites you to the country. He has small cottage there where you can get away from town awhile while he deals with this group of swindlers. A maid cleans the house every week and it is quiet and peaceful. Spring has come and the whole world is green and colorful sprouting new life. 

One night the rain starts to pour and it is pitch black outside. A knock is heard at your door and you open it to reveal a strange and handsome man. He is wet from the rain and you invite him in. Stoking the fire and piling on more logs you increase its warm for him. He offers his thanks and tells you his name. His voice is so hypnotic that you don't notice that he is stripping off his wet clothes right in front of you. You mention this fact blushing as you view his naked body as he warms himself in front of the fire. The man seems unconcerned and only smiles. You listen as he talks of his travels this past week and what has led him here. The rain apparently had halted his progress from making it to the next village along the rode. He had been forced to turn off and come to your cottage. 

While he explains all this you could care less as you marvel at his charm and politeness. While most men speak at you treating you as an inferior he speaks to you. When he removes his pants you try to turn away but find you can't. His member is hard and inviting and you can't at take your eyes away from it. Taking you hand he guides you to the floor beside him. Reaching underneath he parts your simple dress until your pussy is exposed. Crawling on top of you he positions his head between your legs while he starts to feast on your wonderful pussy licking with his tongue and sucking. His cock is within easy reach and you use you hands to guide it into your mouth. 

As you started to suck you feel the speed of his tongues' strokes increase as he grows excited. Hot and horny your tongue rolls over the head of his member eliciting moans from him. Not to be outdone he buries him self in pussy deepening and lengthening his licks. The strength of them makes your pussy quiver as it sends chills of pleasure up your spine. Your tongue and your fingers stroke his manhood as it lies lodged in between your lips. In response two of his fingers slip inside as he continues to lick. Curling them inside of you he strokes slow at first but eventually speed up to a frantic pace. You feel your climax coming and suck and lick even harder and your lover matches your urgency as you feel his cock start to spasm inside of your mouth. 

You both cum at the same time as each tries not to give in first. You lick each other clean and lie back. He is the first to get up. Lifting you up to your knees you he tells you to turn around and face him. He picks you up as if you weigh nothing guiding your arms to grip his neck. Guiding himself in he slams into you in one quick motion the power of it taking your breath away. Moving his hips he fucks you deep and hard bearing your full weight as he slides in and out of your wet pussy. A sweet scent hangs in the air. The smell of him is a strong aphrodisiac to you making your body kick into overdrive. Adrenaline shoots through your system and your heart pumps with excitement as you focus all your attention on the cock sliding in and out of you rocking you to your core. You cum once before you feel him press your back to the nearest wall. Pinned between him and it you are trapped as he fucks you fiercely your body's juices providing the necessary lubrication. He whispers in your ear on how much he loves to fuck your pussy and that your are all his. You can only gasp and moan in response as he makes you come again and again. He seems determined not to let up on your sensitive pussy and you wonder if he is going to fuck you to death. Sensing your weakness he slows his strokes slowly fucking you until you both cum one last time. Sweat covers your body as he removes his still rock hard cock from you to let you rest as he lays you down on the floor. You fall into a deep sleep with a smile on your face because you have never felt so good in all over life. You wonder how long this stranger will stay or even if this is just like your other dream. 

Your lover who is quite real absently strokes your sleeping form his fingers gliding over your soft skin. He adores your beauty and is still excited by the scent of you and how beautiful you look while sleeping. He wants to wake you up to have another chance to couple with in front the smoldering fire but you need your rest. In all the excitement he had gotten a little carried away but he was glad that you had both enjoyed it. Kissing your cheek he got up to retrieve his clothes. The sun would be up soon and he would have to hurry if he wanted to make it home as it was many miles away before the first rays. Last night had been well worth the risk as he headed out the door to make the speedy journey.

3rd Night

You wait until visitor from the night before returns, and smile when you hear a knock at the door. He smiles stepping across the threshold pressing his lips to yours. A tongue slips into you mouth as your lips part welcoming him. Your body becomes excited under his attentions especially when hands slips to grip your ass deepening the kiss. 

His eyes are hypnotic when your lips part and you look up at him. He draws you to the bed pulling you down on top of him. You bend down giving a kiss yet again while shedding your robe to reveal your nakedness. Rolling onto your back you beckon him with your legs spread wide. He presses his face to your pussy lapping it with his tongue while to fingers slip inside curling while the brush the top of your inner walls. The contact is constant and pleasurable. It does not take long before you thrash about your hips moving against his fingers while your fingers grip his hair. You cum in a gush of juices bathing his face as you sigh in relief relaxing. Your body is covered in sweat as he enters you barely giving you a short breather. Your pussy in now incredibly sensitive as he moves in and out of you plunging into your very depths. His bare chest presses against yours and you can't help but want to kiss it. When another orgasm hits you your mouth let's another gasp as it overwhelms your mind and senses. 

He is behaving differently tonight and is no longer so gentle and patient. Yet again he seems to want to take another part of you without waiting. Directing you to your hands and knees before him he directs his member to your rear entering your ass. Your juices still wet on his cock provide much needed lubrication as he pounds into your ass starting slowly then fucking you with full abandon. You fingers grip the sheets as you hang on for the ride cumming again and again while he whispers dirty things into your ear. As you cum one last time your body is exhausted and your vision blurry as he plows into you. A sharp pain stabs into your throat as you climax adding to the sensation your body in heaven. As you slip into darkness you hear him say, "Now you will be mine forever."