 First of all I'd like to thank everyone for reading my stories . You're all greatly appreciated.

It's been a few years since my last submission. So to all my readers and fans,

It's time for my comeback, so let's get busy.

*

August sat behind his desk, peering out the window into the darkness of the night. Thinking, pondering and planning another dark deed. Looking out from the 39th floor, he watched the lights of the city. He sat deep in thought when the door burst open and Robyn walked in. 

Here are the documents you so desired." She remarks as she tosses a folder onto his desk. He turns from the window and looks to her, grinning." 

You have done well Robyn, please stick around, you are going to enjoy this night."

August started looking thru the file that she had dropped onto his desk. Robyn meanwhile went to the bar to fix a drink of blood and wine. She sat before the entertainment center to watch TV.

"If you need anything Sir just holler." August continued to read the papers with great interest.

"No family, no lover, does not even have, an animal, she will do just fine." August spoke aloud."No one will miss her when she is gone." August Looked to Robyn and gave a fanged smile . . . Vv^^vV, Then he went back to reading.

A few hours went by, August looked up from reading "The time has come Robyn bring me a Type O Negative and Tequila." Robyn fixed his drink then brought it to August. Taking a drink, he smiled at her. August watched as Robyn walked back to her seat on the office couch. Turning off the TV, she went invisible to the eye.

August pushed the intercom button. "Cynthia would you please come in here, I need to speak to you." 

"Yes Mr. Never." She replied. Then the door opened as Cynthia walked in. Taking a seat she composed herself and smiled, "You buzzed me Sir?" 

"Yes I did." August replied as he turned on his Vamp charm." How long have you been my Secretary Cynthia?" 

Puzzled, she replied "A few years now Sir, why if I may ask?" 

"I have been thinking lately, how would you like to work here forever?" Cynthia's eyes grew bright. 

"Are you serious Sir?" 

"Yes I am offering you a guaranteed job forever." August looked deep into her eyes

Cynthia began to feel an attraction for August like never before. Her heart was pounding faster and faster as her pussy began to grow wetter and wetter by the second. She desired to be near him more than ever. 

"I would enjoy that very much sir." She replied in a very soft voice. August just smiled, 

"As you wish." He replied turning up his vampire charm. 

Cynthia rose from her seat and walked very slowly over to August. 

"Thank you Sir." Cynthia said as she kissed his cheek then moved to lick his ear. All August could do was, wait. Cynthia then moved behind August and began to massage his shoulders; she bent and whispered into his ear "I have plans of my own Sir." August relaxed enjoying the massage and the effect he was having on her.

Cynthia meanwhile was the horniest she had been in her entire life. Her mortal body was burning with an uncontrollable desire to Fuck and Suck like never before. She rubbed August's neck with her hands. Moaning out to him, "Do you like that Sir?" As she worked her, hands along his neck and shoulders. Then she stopped. Backed up and started undressing as August turned to watch. Robyn also watched as Cynthia undressed.

Cynthia removed her heels kicking them aside, then she unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it aside. Her fingers run the length of her torso, unbuttoning her skirt. She let it fall to the floor.Then stepped out of it and kicked it aside.

She unclamped and rolled her stockings down one by one in the most erotic of ways.Looking to August, she licked her lips as she stood up.

Reaching behind her back, she undid her bra and took it off.Then grabbed her thong and pulled it down and off then rose to stand once again.

August was looking at her with a sly smile. Her mid back red hair, her large nice firm shaped breast's with pierced nipples. Her long sleek legs and nice tight ass, she was indeed sexy to him.Then she dropped to the floor, spreading her legs widely. August got the first glimpse of her shaved pierced pussy and his jaw dropped open as a sigh escaped his lips.

The desire was so overwhelming in her head the fire so uncontrollable, between her legs. Cynthia rubbed her pussy with one hand as she pinched and pulled her nipples with the other. Making them grow erect and swollen. She brought her fingers to her mouth and sucked on them, then replaced them as they were rubbing her pussy like crazy. She slipped two fingers deep into her pussy, while August looked on. 

"You desire this pussy?" She asked, "You want to fuck this tight fire, Pussy?" As she run her fingers in and out of her extremely wet snatch. Mmmmmmm pulling on her nipples. She brought her tit to her mouth and sucked on it tugging hard on the pierced nipple. Robyn meanwhile had started masturbating unseen to Cynthia.August looked to her from the corner of his eye. She had removed all her clothes and was laying on the couch self fisting her cunt. August just grinned at the sight of her, and then gazed upon Cynthia. 

Cynthia was now feverishly pounding her fingers in and out of her cunt. Every now and then, she'd rub her Clit. "Mmmmmmmmm Yea you want to fuck this cunt, make me your little Bitch. Mmmmmmm make me your fuck machine." Cynthia moaned out. She rubbed her clit more, and then slipped her two fingers back in and pounded away.

Robyn was pulling her nipples as her hand was buried deep into her cunt. She was bucking like crazy fucking her own fist. She clawed at her nipples and grabbed them pulling them hard, As they grew swollen and erect. 

August concentrated on Cynthia increasing his powers over her mind. Cynthia was lost in an uncontrollable desire. She continued to masturbate, as so did Robyn.

Then Cynthia started bucking up and down getting closer to orgasm. "Mmmmmm Ahhhhhh yesssssssss Mmmmmm." She cried out. She was thrashing about like a crazed woman when her orgasm hit. It rocked her entire body 100 times more than a normal human can ever experience. She cried out as she convulsed, "Mmmmmmmm yessssssss I Immmmmmmm Cu CuCummmmmmmmming." as she continued to masturbate. Her eyes rolled into her head as it hit her bucked hard and screamed aloud. 

"HOooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllly Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhit!" she screamed as she bucked. As she came, then like a wave her orgasm gushed out of her splashing her thighs and the carpeted floor. Robyn was not too far behind as she bucked silently in almost orgasmic unison. She removed her fist from her drentched cunt and began licking it clean.

Cynthia had one hell of a pleasurable orgasm, actually too much. Her mortal body collapsed as she passed out in a puddle of her own orgasm fluid.

August looked at Robyn as she walked to him soaked in her cum dripping down her thighs.

She grabbed his cock thru his pants and rubbed it. 

August looked at her with a smile.

"When she wakes up, we will continue my love," he whispered as he shoved a finger into Robyn's cunt. Pulling it out he licked it clean, then grabbed his drink and sipped. They awaited Cynthia to arise once again.

To be continued...