 August looked at Robyn who was more beautiful and deadlier than ever. Her breast's and hardened pierced nipples, so perfect just begging to be sucked. Her neatly trimmed pussy, capped off with a streak of red hair. His cock swelled to it full hardness 12 inches and nearly 2 inches in circumference. August spoke as he took off his shirt tossing it to the floor. 

"Come to me my pet let us be one, let us join in the bonds that tie us." August said.

Robyn became visible as she stood before August in all her nakedness. She reached out and undone August's pants letting them fall to his feet, his underwear soon followed. August stepped out of them kicking them to the side. His cock throbbed before Robyn as she dropped to her knees. Looking up to August she spoke.

"It has been awhile since I have had the pleasure of you my master; let me give you the pleasure's only I can give you." She said.

She reached out with her hands and began stroking his cock with one and his balls with the other. August moaned felling her touch, as he watched her work his manhood.

"That's it stroke my cock you horny slut!" He said.

"Let's have a taste of this nice rigid cock!" She said.

Robyn began to lick up and down the side of his cock, every now and then raking her fangs along it. August let out gasps of pleasure in response to this.

"I do so love the way you suck my cock!" He said.

Then Robyn engulfed almost all of his cock to the base and began to deep throat him. August moaned out loudly as he grabbed two handful's of Robyn's waist length long red hair. 

"That's it you cock sucker, suck my hard cock!" August moaned.

The feeling of her expertise cock sucking was immeasurable, as Robyn Sucked his cock up and down her throat. August began moving his hips literally throat fucking Robyn as he pounded his cock down her throat.

"I'm going to skull fuck you till you gag on my cock you whore!" August said.

Robyn could only murmur due to the onslaught brought on by August stuffing his massive cock down her throat.

Cynthia meanwhile was finally coming around from her powerful orgasm. She rubbed her eyes and tried to focus on the room. Hearing moans of pleasure she finally seen August and Robyn. Cynthia still mesmerized and under August's control, rose to her feet and gracefully went to where August and Robyn were. She got down and slowly made her way along Robyn's legs. Robyn shifted positions allowing Cynthia full access to her pussy. Cynthia licked her way up Robyn outer pussy lips sliding her tongue along the way. She then began licking and sucking Robyn's pussy.

Robyn moaned out in pleasure and she was being throat fucked by August. She continued to Suck on his cock, as her pussy was being licked she began to grind into Cynthia's mouth and tongue. She grasps both her pierced nipples and pulled them hard. She moaned out in pleasure against the pounding her throat was taking.

"Mmmmmmmm yeeeeeeees!" Robyn managed to hiss.

Cynthia continued her onslaught of Robyn Pussy licking and sucking away. Every now and then she would suck in Robyn's clit and flick her tongue over it feverishly. 

"If your enjoying having your pussy ate out wait till you get some of this." Cynthia said.

As she was licking away on her pussy Cynthia shoved a two fingers into Robyn's warm wet pussy, Robyn moaned as she began to get finger fuck by Cynthia as she sucked on her clit.

"Oh fuck you nasty bitch finger my pussy, taste my pussy!" Robyn moaned.

After sometime Cynthia pulled her finger out, stuck her tongue into Robyn's open pussy and the damp fingers into Robyn's tight asshole. Robyn moaned hard into August's cock as Cynthia began to finger her tight asshole.

"MMMmmmmmmmmmmmmm Mmmmmmmmmmmm". Robyn moaned

August continued to pound into Robyn's willing throat for all he was worth, he felt his balls tighten as his orgasm approached.

"I'm about to cum deep into your throat you slutty cock sucker!" August moaned.

Robyn started to get close to orgasm as well, and ground down on Cynthia's face.

"Mmmmmm yes suck my clit you fucking blood doll bitch!" Robyn cried out. 

Cynthia licked and sucked hard and long on Robyn's clit as Robyn Started to buck as the waves of orgasmic pleasure swept over her. She began to moan and cry loudly on August's cock causing him to reach orgasm as well.

"Mmmmmm yes ohhhhhhhhhh fuck my throat Master, eat my pussy bitch!" Robyn moaned out aloud.

August grabbed Robyn and buried his cock into the back of her throat and moaned loudly in orgasm.

"I'm cumming Mmmmmmmm Ahhhhhhhhhhh Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Yessssssssssssssss!" August cried out in pleasure.

As wave after wave of cum shot down Robyn's throat and she never missed a drop swallowing it all. At this very same time her orgasm rocked her and she bore down on Cynthia's face.

"Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you pussy eating, mortal slut, bitch, suck my pussy dry!" Robyn cried out as her own orgasm rocked her body.

Cynthia just sucked it all in swallowing the orgasmic fluids that leaped out of Robyn's pussy and into her throat.

When Robyn's orgasm subsided and August pulled his cock out of her throat, Cynthia rose up to French kiss Robyn sharing her juice's with her in one passionate kiss.

August meanwhile grinned watching the women exchange a passionate kiss.

To be continued...