 He heard her voice it whispered into his sleeping body, echoed down his spine, and stirred his flesh. The soft tones vibrated to life against warm skin, he turned expecting to see her and found only the darkened room. Its emptiness mocked him. Daniel’s hands tightened into fists it had been so real the voice.

Something tugged at him, getting his body out of the bed and he stalked to a nearby window scowling out at the sky. A faint light a gathered, hundreds of stars like diamond shards dotting the heavens. The moon was only bare sliver of gray in the midst of the scattered gems. He shook his head again the voice seemed to ripple inside him, it was her tones and the soft sounds he knew to be hers. It called to him and he, even while shaking his head at this nonsense, pulled a pair of dark colored jeans over his lean body, and slid a pair of scruffy tennis shoes over bare feet. 

He stepped out of the cabin’s threshold and into the sifted dirt of the path, the oaken door swinging shut behind him. He was enveloped immediately in shadows, the inky darkness of his hair, blending in with the canopy of trees just to his left; he stood still for just a moment in a listening pose. His body turned a small circuit in place, before he frowned and headed off into the trees, leaving the light of the cabin behind. He didn’t question why he was going, only felt the urgency of the voice, as it seemed to grow ever more frantic. His feet moved faster, the dark path as quiet as a tomb. His hazel eyes, glowed with a faint hint of yellow, almost like a cat; his feet too were agile like the feline. Stepping over small branches, and slipping between bushes with hardly a ripple his head always turned to the sound.

The path, plowed between a dense thicket of brush, and then out into a road, the asphalt gleaming under the light of the silver stars, and he walked silently along this easier stretch with the gait of one well used to such travel. Vaulting over a low fence, he stopped in the middle of a courtyard; the gabled end of a house could be seen just beneath a copse of maple trees. He turned toward the structure, breaking stride only once, to shift almost sharply to the left, towards a small building a wide rock wall surrounding it. He stepped carefully between the columns to either side of a wrought iron gate. The hinges squeaked in protest when he pulled it open to enter the area the voice had brought him too.

“Greetings, my chosen.” He jerked upward, his head rising to Her face. It was She the winged one of his dreams. He knelt before Her, his hands outstretched in supplication, his eyes drank in the sight of Her, greedy and wanting.

“My goddess,” words other than this failed him. He was in some portion of his mind sure it was an illusion, his mind conjuring Her up from the faint mist surrounding the upright stones. The obelisks stood as sentinels grouped around Her, in an ever-widening circle. A wicked smile curved Her lips, as She laid a hand upon his head, her fingers burrowing into the soft curls of his hair. With a sharp tug She fisted her hand around the sleek strands, and pulled him up.

“My own.” She cooed at him, it was the only word, he could think of to use, and She devoured him with her eyes. The gaze hot and heavy sliding over him, her free hand went up to smooth over his bare chest. Goose bumps cascaded down his body, Her palm was like ice, a frozen gathering of fingers. 

The hand in his hair, came down like a comb, and parted the strands of his shadowy mane, in long twisting bits of silk. He shook all over, his knees buried themselves in the crackling leaves that gathered about the ground, and he settled back upon his heels savoring Her touch. He tipped his head upward then a quick gaze focusing upon the dark wings that beat a quiet pattern of sound around them. Like his heartbeat, they thumped in time to his increased breathing. The wrap of sound echoed against their flesh, and turned the small area into a cocoon of Her presence, the dampness of the air, the faint smell of jasmine, the tint of blood, all these things he gathered close, searing into his memory all the moments that were increasingly precious to him.

He didn’t care what any others thought, they had told him, She was draining more and more of his life force, surviving by feeding off him. He shook his head and gave no more than a passing mind to it, he could have told them She never took anything he didn’t freely wish to give.

The cold hand upon his chest, was freezing to his skin, and leeching his own body’s warmth away. He made a soft sound of protest, and She narrowed her eyes at him, voice a sibilant whisper in his ear. “Are you uncomfortable, my chosen?” He went stock still, worried She would be unhappy, and shook his head quickly in denial, embracing the icy touch by closing his eyes and concentrating instead on the hand buried in his hair. 

“No, Goddess.” These two words were etched with his desire to please, voice steady and spoken rapidly. She laughed, and moved the cold fingers and palm to his chin pulling it upward and holding it in place, the second hand slid from the raven curls to snake a sharp nail down his jaw line. 

Her eyes glowed with a hint of the frost that still flowed from Her hands, and Her voice questioned again. “Do you dislike My touch, chosen?”

His heart dropped to a low throb, feeling a sharp need to debase himself at Her feet, for the error. Her hand at his chin prevented this and he barely held back the motion to move. His throat contracted, dry heaves as he gathered air to speak, putting all the pent-up feelings into the answer. “No, Goddess I crave Your touch, nothing else, makes me happier.”

She smiled at this, the dark line of Her mouth, quirked at his words, and She curled the hand at his chin over, and traced the nail along his lips. “You carry My mark dark one, I chose you.” “You are mine”, and these next words were hissed into his ear. “I shall touch, taste, and satisfy My desires with every inch of you.” “No motion, no words, no amount of struggle, will stop Me.” And with that She dropped the hand from his chin, in a move so fast, it registered only as an ashen blur, and then intense pain, as Her nails ripped four long furrows in his flesh.

His cry of shock echoed around the stones and he swayed, barely staying upright even his knees unsteady now. The scrawling lines burned into his chest, and leaked with the onslaught of thin watery blood. The agonized wheeze he exhaled as the lines began to throb and bleed harder, soothed Her. Her gaze went from boring into his eyes to the spill of life sustaining fluid. She brought Her hand up and like a child with a sticky treat, licked it off Her fingers with such intense concentration not a single stain remained.

His body went taut, watching Her, the hardening flesh of his nipples standing out against the streams of scarlet liquid. A chuckle left Her lips, like a dissonant wail from a possessed lute its tone tightened even more things. His lower belly and abdomen clenched in response to that sound of darkness. His eyes dared a look to the wings that rippled with each movement She made, he was fascinated by them the slightest touch from those sleek, and satiny feathers made him rock hard. Just thinking of the caress, drove him mad. To be able to gaze upon them was a torment, he could scarcely stand, wanting even more to touch and stroke and lavish them with attention, each time he was allowed to view them.

She stepped away from him and folded those extraordinary appendages back along her sides. Fluttering them a bit, preening. She knew how much the wings enchanted him. She kept them at times hidden, wanting each moment he gazed upon them to be something he would never forget. He delighted Her in every respect, coming to Her with only the desire to please, to give of himself. It was what drew Her here. His wants and needs, they gave Her so much pleasure to fuel, and then breathe life into, take and give in counterpoint to each other. She needed him it was true, but She gave of Herself in return. Nurturing his needs and accepting them, with no holding back.

His vision blurred, and wavered. He blinked rapidly trying to clear it, and when he glanced back up again She was gone, the hackles rising quickly upon his neck, gave the only clue. She bent low over his forehead, curtaining the world away with the long strands of her hair. A damp odor assaulted his nostrils, the smell of earth, decay, and animal muskiness hit him like a blow, and reeling forward he was captured in Her arms, the swift motion keeping him close. A voice painted with tones of need he was used to slithered around his ear and was dropped against the rapidly pounding nerves of his vulnerable flesh. 

“Chosen, I must feed.” Her tongue snaked around the outer lobe and drug a moist path from his squared off jaw to the tautly held tendon of his throat. He quivered caught up in the dance. His breath blew outward in a long sigh that matched Her desires.

“Please, Goddess all that I am is Yours.” He cried out, jerking with surprise, when the attack came. The blurring of pleasure and pain as Her teeth pierced the tender almost delicate skin of his neck. His entire body squirmed and tensed up for a solid heart pounding moment. Her waxen face turned upward and he slowly relaxed, the tendons and taut muscles going motionless as the flow of crimson liquid was slowly suckled from the wound. Deep throaty moans, vibrated up through his chest and neck before finally leaving his mouth in a tone that contained only ecstasy, and the blissful feeling of the joining.

She was drinking greedily at the now steady stream, the whole of his life laid open before her, it tinged his blood with all the deepest secrets he kept. Nothing was hidden from Her, every feeling of pain, each one of pleasure vibrated through the veins that pumped increasingly harder. His heartbeat grew weaker, as the moments dragged on; She was so intent this night. He could feel Her quiver with each swallow of Her throat. She seemed to see into him by this exchange. Then all of a sudden this river of knowledge widened and began to run both ways. The whole of her existence imprinted itself upon him, his weak heartbeat almost failed, as the dark shadows in Her soul reached out to engulf him as well. Without a thought, he buried his own lips to her encircling arm, his human teeth ripping skin and tunneling inside flesh. His tongue began lapping at the gory mark like a cat with cream; dipping it swiftly into the bloody hollowed out wound at Her wrist.

How She, shook his Goddess, Her face was still plowed into his neck, but Her wings rippled against him like a silken breeze, fanning the fire building in his loins to a fever pitch. He could feel a single heavy thump and then the beating of Her heart, and with this, the connection was finally severed. Her lips came back from his neck, coral tinted tongue licking at the corners of Her mouth, a small grimace floated across her face. She grasped one shoulder pulling him back. This time he was the one loath to let go, lips still holding tight around the pearlescent skin of her arm. She yanked the skin from his lips, and nestled her mouth onto his, savoring the last bit of the joining caught upon his tongue. Sucking this small bit of flesh into Herself. She drained every last bit of the hot blood back.

A short peel of thunder shook the still air around them, and the atmosphere turned quickly, into a heavy shroud of damp mist Her wings, slicked back along the rigid flesh of her shoulders, and glistened with the trickling patter of the raindrops. Her face was tilted to the sky, and Her hands, tucked his body back into Her chest. 

“Do you feel that, chosen?” He nodded, Her eyes were full of delight, and He’d never seen her look so peaceful. “Have you heard of the aughisky?” Her tone was soft, full of wonder, and he tipped his head back to gaze up at the honey colored eyes. Her voice continued. “It’s a Celtic legend, the aughisky is a water-horse. They used to come out of the water, normally around November and gallop along the sands or over the fields, and if people could get them away from the fields, saddle and bridle them, they would make the finest mounts. But they had to be ridden inland, for if they got so much as a glimpse of salt water they would gallop headlong away. Carrying their riders with them, bear them deep into the sea and devour them.” At these last two words, Her eyes darkened, and She traced a nail over the tender, still leaking wound at his neck. Pulling Herself upright, She reached out a pale hand, and raised him from the ground.

“Come My own, I shall walk back to your home, this night.” He brushed his hands down the length of a wet, scarred chest, and nodded. Falling into pace beside Her, She didn’t walk, but glided over the reverse of the path he’d taken. The soft wings, were folded up against the line of her spine, and only a few flutters as She bent around a low hedge caused them to ripple about Her. He bit his lip, watching. There was an intense, unspoken desire to see Her in flight, those wings used for what the creator intended. Her body no longer earthbound, but free to ride the winds, gliding among the stars.

His mind was fueled by these images; they multiplied and split gaining montemum. No words were spoken, but She turned to him and smiled, Her eyes glistened and then traveled over his body in a slow appraisal. Before he could blink, She had taken to the skies, over the low fence that separated the field from the road. Her skin, and feathers gleamed in the soft light of the stars, the pale body reflecting back the delicate aura and bathing her in an eerie radiance. A sharp gasp broke from his mouth and he stood stock still, imprisoned, in awe of Her. His eyes widened watching Her drift lightly back to the ground. Reaching over the fence, She picked him up, as easily as he would a cat, and set him down beside Her in one fluid graceful motion. 

The rest of the walk back was done, before he could even process what he’d seen. Coming out of the daze, when reaching the cabin’s door, he turned to Her. She smiled, a slow melt in your mouth kind of smile. That curve of Her lips, instantly awoke the arousal, he’d fought down. She spoke no words, and moved no closer, and for one heart stopping instant, he was sure She was never coming back. Then just as quick a motion as the strike against his chest, She enfolded him in Her wingspan, cradling him close. Soft brushes of her lips came down his forehead, tender and teasing all at once.

The wings cupped around his back, goose bumps breaking out and funneling down his body everywhere the gossamer ends touched. He closed his eyes, and focused on that satin-like caress. Excitement sluiced through his bloodstream in pounding streaks of need. She watched him tremble, the flare of his desires reading like a torch to Her sensitive eyes. He tried to back up, to reach for the door, but his body wouldn’t obey, it was held to her honeyed gaze with a dozen ties. 

The wings captured his tremors absorbed them, and fanned them back, becoming a silken cage around his form. Her claws came up, and they dug into his shoulder blades, as She squeezed him tighter in the enclosing embrace. He couldn’t escape, he knew this for a certainty, had She opened the cage, he wouldn’t have left, needing this touch as much She. His skin was on fire, blazing hot with those streaks of excitement still, his muscles contracting violently in places that he knew brought Her pleasure.

She could smell it on him, the need. It flavored his scent with animal muskiness and brought Her heightened scenes awake. He radiated the heat; it billowed off his skin in waves. Bending over him, She licked the sweat, and slick warmth from him in small tastes like one would ice cream. A hollow here and there, a slide over bone, a wicking around muscular tendons, he tasted wonderful to Her. This elicited barely heard cries, they leaked from his lips unnoticed as he twisted and turned to every roll of Her tongue. Each sound drove the resulting touch longer and harder. She moved over his body with the precision of an artist, recording the favored spots, and moving always downward, over the lean chest. The small cries became harsh lengthened out, gained volume and drove his lungs to sharp pushes and pulls for air. A soft laugh, drifted out and She straightened and looked directly into his hooded eyes.

“You seem in pain, chosen should I go?” Those wonderful hazel depths opened wider and looked back with a shake of his head. 

“You would take my soul with You, Goddess.” His voice dropped, roughened with emotion, starlight reflected off eyes full of sudden tears. All at once, She seemed to collapse to him, Her lips kissed away the trickle of liquid from his eyes, violent trembling shaking Her whole body. Her hands searched and found small pleasure spots with ease, stroking and raking them, with frenzied passion. The jeans, She ripped to shreds, growls crawling out of Her throat over and over. She knocked him to the moss-carpeted flower garden, his breath jerked out from the impact.

His shoulders, and hips took the brunt of the fall, but he folded his body up quickly to catch Her as well. Pinning his hands, down with Her knees, She exhaled another laugh, and Her eyes shone like newly minted coins. A long serpentine tongue, wormed its way in between the shredded material of his jeans, to chase the jumping muscles of his thighs. His lower body convulsed and then lay still, breathing shallow and rapid. His cock strained and throbbed against the restriction of zipper and heavy fabric. His fingers, and heels dug into the damp earth, and whimpers drifted out. She taunted him, moving Her hands as if to release the swollen flesh, instead splaying them out along the tight ridge of his abdomen, and then moving to lick vigoursly along the opposite thigh. She could never get enough of him, each touch, each taste, each sound he made, thickened Her desires, and drove Her closer to the abyss.

Breaking the embrace with a harsh growl, She unwound her body, and slid her knees out, and rolled to one side, watching him. His eyes followed Her, confusion for a moment looked out of them, and he took several long deep breaths. He swallowed a short rasping cry, when She dropped her head low over his groin, and slid the line of her cheek across it. He couldn’t stop it, the shuddering sound of need that ripped out of his throat, nor could he stop the immediate throbbing hardness that contorted his body in a dozen spots. 

It was then the sky broke free; lightning sundered the midnight blue turning it to lavender and gray. The clouds opened up and fat, heavy raindrops beat into their skin. This halted Her motion, causing Her to turn, and watch the liquid splash across the bare flesh of his body. It rebounded with each landing, fountaining back upward for a brief spray, which ran tiny rivulets down his chest. 

She crawled between his legs, Her mouth turned to chase the rain upon his skin. She fluted the snake-like tongue out, and around each drop, the rush of water, and his scent coated Her flesh, and soaked into Her lips, and trickled down Her throat. Her body clenched tighter, She needed to enjoy all of his human skin, inside and out. It was pounding in Her the taste. She gave a savage growl and tore Her lips free, strangling the intensity into something She could control. She pulled him up out of the damp earth, soil still clinging to his back. 

A soft purr rippled over Her lips, and She pressed them tight to his ear. “I could take what I want from you chosen, do you realize this?”

“Yes, Goddess.” The voice was short, but the tone carried a hint of delight, as if he knew just how much She wanted him. She reached under the ripped fabric of his jeans, and grasped the hard shaft of his cock. Her cold hands brought a solid cry of pain from his lips. He twitched and trembled and locked his knees in place, bracing himself for the worst. Again the whisper came, low and wickedly pleased.   “You want Me to take don’t you chosen?” Her nail raked the sensitive cock head, and he jerked, unsteady. A quiet stillness slid over his features, though it was a façade an illusion, his body strained for Her touch and recoiled from it all at the same time. A battle was being fought his flesh the battleground. The mind told him, to flee, and never look back. But the heart that pumped the blood She had taken from him earlier commanded him to stay. It was a primal fear, fighting an overwhelming need and in the end, he couldn’t tear himself away.
