 I'm coming from the Non-English Speaking Country and English is not my mother tongue. so you may find the words of this story are weird, or wrong, or anything. Please let me know.

*

I started to look back, and opened my memories. I thought it would instantly broke me and traumatized me all of my life. But it didn't. It was even one of my favorite memory I think.

I belonged to the Lord Lucifer, bringer of the light in hell. And I was also had been taken to be Lady Lillith's 'bridesmaid'. I would offer my service to them forever. Until they both took me to their kingdom at hell.

I'd seen the form of Lillith before. She was a very gorgeous woman and she's around two heads taller than me. Her skin was paler than the moon and contrasted greatly with her devilish wet and red lips. No men alive nor those male strippers at the gay club wouldn't turn their head when her heavenly figure appeared.

Nor would I turn my head at the first time I Met her.

I found her gothical painting hung over the wall of an abandoned old house (or shall I say that this was a castle). No one had ever lived in this creepy place for such a long time. Above a fireplace at the middle room, I saw her figure for the first time. And she caught me adoring her.

A sudden unspeakable freeze then filled the place. Everything I used to see in front of me collapsed into the thin air as the darkness folded.

I soon realize that all I wore had gone and I was totally naked. I tried to fold my breasts with my arms, but that didn't use at all. The weary from my chest then moved to my knees and forced me to kneel and to feel the killing freeze. I'm dying, I must be dead now, as my eye closed.

A warmness, softness, and comfortness spread around my body. The heat turned my already bluish skin into its true color. A sweet smell of roses and jasmines mixed up in the air, lightened my head. I thought I just laid on a nice bed.

But it wasn't bed at all.

It was wings! Black wings to be more specific.

I tried to identify where this wings came from and if I'm lucky enough, who owned these. Among the deep darkness, I still see her as the only one that shone and bright.

I'm sure she's not just a woman made of earth just like us. God had made her from something more priceless and created this bewitching beaut. Her skin maybe made from marble or snow or even the spark of moonlit as it contrasted with her red lips, full and wet. I imagined her if she drank blood everyday when the night above her head and every human had lost their steadiness then they rest their head. Two eyes of her which I so damn sure made of sparkling stars. So deep, and dark.

She smiled at me and my heart started to pound, ready to crush my bone then my chest. She pulled my body closer to her and let me listen to her soft heartbeats. So soft...almost like it didn't beat at all. The softness that made me felt safe and wanted. In which moment I've ever felt like this? Never! I've never felt like this. And I didn't want this to over. 

Her full and firm breasts met mine. I was a normal woman, and l had a boy friend. But when she held me and embraced me, I forgot what was normal. I completely drunken by lust and desperation to seek more than this.

I wanted it. And she understood me. 

Her eyes met mine and looked deeply inside me as she wanted to suck out my eyeballs. She kissed me then in my mouth. It wasn't warm, and wasn't even hot. But burning as hell. Then I should change my description. She wasn't kissed my mouth, but sucked it.  

Her rushing breath and her eyes encouraged me then to reply her kiss and took my tongue out. I'd never done this before, but I did it like a pro now. We kept on doing this French kiss while her hand pressing and squeezing my breasts. Sometimes, I had to stop kissing to avoid biting her lips. But she didn't let me do it again, and she liked it better if I bit her lips.

"Lay down child." she whispered. 

Her wings now were behind her and didn't cover the ground anymore, and with this fiery lust, I forgot that this place was like an ice box. 

She softly touched, kissed, and licked my legs, like tasting fried chicken. Or maybe ice cream. She opened My legs and made me exposing my thick haired virgin pussy. I knew what she's going to do so I took a deep breath. Ready for the sensation.

"Ah..." I moaned. She already put her mouth inside my pussy. She grasped my pubic hair. Her red tongue licked my labia minor and around my entrance.

"Please...don't tease me." my pussy was wet and even flooded. This made her so happy and licked and sucked my clit harder. She just like a dehydrated traveler in the middle of dessert. She already found her water now, and sucked it greedily. So now, all she could think about was just how to make this fluid come out more often.

Knowing I was ready to cum, she moved her lips into my nipples and sucked them. It wasn't as sensational as pussy licking, maybe she did it to hold my orgasm and made play with her longer. She knew I was so desperate, so she moved her head and sucked hard my clit. I tightened my legs around her head and my hands were looking for something I could grasp. Finally then, I pinched my nipples and squeezed my tits.

"Ugh...ah...ah!!!" my first orgasm had made me trembled badly and wanted to break down.

"Was it so good?" she asked me with the most sensual voice I'd ever heard. She realized I still felt confuse to everything that just happened to me. So she let me lay down for a while, while she caressed my head and brushed my hair with her fingers. I looked high to the empty sky as it was ready to fall down on me. 

'' You should go child." she whispered. A deep sadness pressed my throat down to my gut. I knew after she left me today, we would never see each other anymore. 

"child, never feel any sadness,'' she could read my mind like reading a book. "our Lord would take you to a place you have never seen before. We'll promise serenity in all your live as long as you promise, that your soul belong to our Lord." 

Yes, I knew how dangerous this oath, and my life would be a cash payment for this. But, how could you ever resist this husky mesmerizing voice. With lips that said every words so wet and full and glowing redly. 

As her appearance disappeared into the thin air, the atmosphere changed and became warmer. The darkness gone and the view of fireplace lighted with burning yellowish fire had woke me up. Nothing changed. Even my clothes warped me warmly as it used to be.  

Was it a dream? I didn't know. But the painting of Lady Lillith hung above the fireplace had made me realize. How I'm going to miss that Black winged Lady of hell. I smiled and left the house with great ecstasy and satisfaction. Waiting for what she would give me next time. 

To be continued...