 Alicia had to take her time picking out the perfect wedding gift. It's not everyday that your little sister gets married. The thought upset her on some level. More than likely because she herself had yet to get married. 

Magic Gifts For Magic People... was the sign that had been outside the shop. It had been enough to get Alicia's attention. Inside, the place looked very expensive as all the items looked old but well maintained. Many even had what looked like real and expensive jewels. 

A mirror had caught Alicia's attention. She looked at her reflection and was pleased with what she saw. Her dark skin looked flawless as did her long, flowing hair. It was strange that she didn't notice how good her figure looked this morning.

"I'm sorry... but this item isn't currently for sale." The old store clerk had said as he tossed a large blanket of some sort over the mirror. 

This had surprised Alicia as it had been very sudden, and she hadn't even noticed the store clerk before hand.

Alicia responded, "I'm sorry... I wasn't looking at it to purchase."

"I see." The store clerk had replied quickly. He wore a full piece suit that looked very expensive. He continued, "What is it that you are shopping for today?"

The young woman did a quick look around the room as she didn't normally like to deal with salespeople. At least, not in places like this. She always felt they were judging her for not having as much money. 

"I was looking for a wedding gift for my sister. To be honest, I'm not really sure why I decided to come in here."

Quickly, the store clerk moved around Alica and said, "That's why I spend so much time and money to make sure the place looks so nice from the outside."

Alicia had smiled at the statement, but didn't know what else to say.

The clerk continued and said, "Would it be okay if I made a suggestion?"

She simply nodded her response, and the store clerk motioned for her to follow. They both found themselves at a table that had the most beautiful solid gold comb that Alicia had ever seen. In fact, she couldn't actually think of a time when she had seen any at all.

"This is beautiful... I'm not sure what exactly... I mean... is it supposed to be used, or is it for looks."

At that moment, the store clerk pulled out some glasses that also looked extremely old and antique. He put them on and smiled as he looked into her eyes.

"What exactly do you think it is?"

For a brief moment, Alicia was confused. She didn't know if he was being sarcastic, or if he really wanted to know. After the long pause she decided he must just want to know.

"A... comb?" Her answer was slow as now she wasn't sure if she had the answer right.

"Very good." That was the old man's response as he looked down at the comb and smiled. He then looked back up to her with an even bigger smile on his face as he said, "I think it would be the perfect gift for you to give to your sister, or maybe even yourself."

"I could never afford something like this." Alicia looked back to the comb and for a brief moment there were some sort of symbols written on it. She leaned in to look harder, but there was nothing there.

The old clerk continued, "Listen... I really want you to have this. How about... one hundred dollars."

Alicia looked back at the comb and actually considered it. There wasn't really anything that she could buy that would be more beautiful than this, but for that kind of money this didn't really have a purpose beyond a cheap plastic item that could do the same exact thing.

"Thank you... really, but I don't think this is in my price range."

She then turned to leave but the Clerk stepped in front of her and countered, "Okay... I will give it to you for fifty dollars."

Part of Alicia was starting to wonder if maybe the thing was stolen the way this guy was trying to sale it to her. She took another look at the item and something about it was very compelling.

"Okay. I'll take it."

A smile spread across the old man's face as he went and put the comb into a wooden box with a single red ribbon around it. He then handed it to her as she handed her card to him. After a moment, he was back with the receipt.

"Thank you so much for shopping with me today. Please come back and see me sometime."

Alicia simply nodded as she took her card and receipt, and then left. The rest of the day was nothing special. Eventually she made it back to her small apartment where the gift was left on her dresser in the bedroom. There was nothing much on TV so Alicia decided it was time to go to bed.

Her dreams where strange to say the least. They were full of sexual activities, many of which, she had never even thought to try before. When she awoke her body was covered with sweat, and her body wasn't the only thing that was wet.

"What has gotten into me." Alicia had said out loud. She stood and saw herself in the mirror, which supplied her with a shock. Even though Alicia had gone to bed with her nightgown on she now wore nothing. That wasn't even the most interesting part as her breasts now looked to be size C instead of B. They were full and tight almost to the point of being fake. Any extra body fat was gone as she now looked to be the perfect form of a woman.

"Wha... I..." She wasn't sure how to react to it, but for some reason she liked it.

For whatever reason her next move was to look at the box that had the gift in it, and to her amazement it still had the ribbon on it.

"Why does that surprise me?" Alicia had asked herself.

More than that her sexual desire was turned way up. Quickly she jumped into the shower, but that only seemed to serve one purpose. For the next forty-five minutes Alicia had to bring herself to orgasm over and over again. She had lost count how many time she had gotten off. All the while sexual thoughts and scenarios ran through her head. Finally she made herself stop and got out of the water.

Selecting her clothes for the Sunday ahead wasn't much better. Alicia had to force herself to pick out a longer dress, panties, and respectable four inch heels instead of her higher ones. None of her current bras would fit so she would have to go out to shop for those.

After leaving her apartment Alicia had found herself at an adult book store shopping for things that she shouldn't be. Sex toys and porn movies. For some reason, it's all she could think about. 

Behind the glass counter of the store was a man probably around thirty-five. He had dark hair and a full beard. Alicia couldn't keep her eyes off of him. She wasn't much younger than he was, and for some reason her wetness was building.

Finally he walked up to her and asked, "Is there something I can help you with?"

"Yes." Alicia had said while at the same time trying to stop herself. "I am looking for a good gangbang movie." As soon as the words had left her mouth she had wished to take them back.

"Really?" The man had asked with a smile on his face. 

All she did was nod and then continued, "I also like movies where the girl deep throats the guy's hard cock. Do you like movies like that?"

Alicia was horrified as she had said those words. It was like somebody else was talking through her. She didn't even know what that last thing was she had mentioned. Okay... she knew little, but she wouldn't have admitted that.

"I may have something you would like in the back."

Alicia knew what he was getting at. He wasn't talking about a movie, but something inside her wanted to go back there with him. She couldn't hold herself back, and for some reason she didn't want to. All she could manage to do was nod and he pointed her to where she needed to go. In mere moments, Alicia found herself in a dark small room located in the back of the store. The man didn't even bother to kiss her, or anything of the like. Instead he pulled down his pants a revealed a hard, thin; seven inch cock. Alicia took the moment to simply look at the cock, at least, that's what she thought she was going to do. Her hand reached out and started to pump the dick. Slowly she sank down to her knees in front of him.

"Do you like?"

She looked up into his eyes and nodded. Her darker skin in contrast to his white excited her. Without any more thought she engulfed the dick into her mouth and started to thrive on sucking it. Slowly it disappeared into her mouth as her head bobbed back and forth. Eventually, her hand pulled away to rub her clit over soaked panties. With a little more than half his length in her mouth she felt she wanted more. He must have too because he grabbed her head with both hands and forced her face the rest of the way down. As the balls slapped Alicia's chin she came harder than she ever had before. He didn't let up through her climax but held her onto his cock. Alicia didn't care that she couldn't breath like that; the only thing that mattered was sucking.

"Oh... OH!! HERE IT COMES!" He yelled out as his cum spilled from his dick and coated the inside of her throat. 

Alicia didn't think it was possible, but she was actually cumming again as she felt it throb. Every drop seemed to make her orgasm even better. It was then that she started to feel light headed, but that faded quickly as the man started to get tired. He pulled his softening cock out, and Alicia was not happy about it.

Apparently, he could tell as he said, "I'm sorry baby, but you're going to have to give me some time. Man... I feel more worn out than normal."

For the first time, Alicia started to fill somewhat normal as she stood up. In fact, something about her was refreshed after this experience. Maybe she should have random sexual encounters more often.

"You know... you could probably find the porn you're looking for on the internet. There are several websites."

It was good advice and Alicia didn't know why she hadn't thought about that before. She picked up a few sex toys, and shoes that were definitely stripper heels. Along with a nice school girl outfit she was on her way.

At home she had a lot of fun as she watched all sorts of porn and shoved a large solid black dildo into her pussy over and over. Eventually, it had been four in the morning, and she had no idea how she had been up that long.

The next morning, Alicia felt terrible. More than likely from the lack of sleep. She had to call out of work because of it, and spend a few extra hours sleeping. That would be the last time she could do something like that.

She had gotten off a few more times during the day, and as night approached she wanted to go out. There was no reason behind it but she did. Alicia went through her items and pulled out the clear stripper heels that had the word tips written on each shoe. She paired those with the red and black school girl skirt, and white top. The skirt barely covered her ass as she walked around in the heels. It wasn't lost on her that she wasn't wearing anything under the skirt.

"I can't go out like this." Alicia had said out load as she had a fight within herself about what to do. She lost... or won, depending on how you look at it.

Outside on the street she walked up and down. She didn't even bring her purse, and she had no idea what she was doing.

"You look good baby." A voice had said from a dark corner. Alicia walked straight for the voice even though she screamed in her head not to.

"You think so?" Alicia asked as she was pulled up close to a black man whose features she could barely make out in the low light.

His hands roamed all over her body as he discovered that she wasn't wearing anything under the skirt. 

He asked, "You workin tonight?

"No baby... just horny."

"That right." She could almost hear the smile in his voice and he continued, "I think me and the boys could take care of that pussy for ya."

"I would love that." For whatever reason, that did sound very good to Alicia.

"Yeah... they get a little rough though."

"That's okay." Alicia responded with excitement in her voice.

The man pulled her into the alleyway and then into a building. Alicia found herself on a bed that was on the floor, and there was very little talking. There wasn't that much light coming in either. She felt a large thick cock touch her lips and she opened to accept it. In a quick thrust it was deep into her throat, and she almost came right then. Another cock presented itself to her upturned ass and she simply pointed it into the air. 

For the briefest of moments, Alicia thought about the fact that she was about to have unprotected sex, but that moment was over as the cock rammed into her. After that she didn't care anymore. Alicia came the moment the cock bottomed out into her and she wanted more. 

The cock in her mouth went all the way down her throat and Alicia gagged around it, but the owner didn't relent. He came and forcefully held her head in place. She came around the cock fucking her, and felt as it started to pump it's hot seed into her. 

"DAMN! This fucking chick can fuck!" The voice had said behind her. Alicia smiled at that, but both men went limp and pulled out. "Fuck... I need to sit down."

Alicia had heard the voice say. Something wasn't right here, but that thought left too as both cocks where replaced with more. The new guy pulled Alicia on top of him so that she could ride and that's exactly what she did. A new cock also ended up in her mouth, and Alicia couldn't be happier.

She started to cum almost as soon as the fucking started, and it was lasting throughout the sexual experience. It was then, that a new dick presented itself at her asshole, and Alicia pushed back until it was inside her ass. In that instance, Alicia... came... again? This was different as she was already having an orgasm. This was like having a new type of orgasm, and her whole body was starting to shake. 

"Oh... Fuck... ME!" She yelled out, and all the men started to fuck her even harder. They weren't able to speak they were trying so hard. The speed at which they were moving didn't seem natural to Alicia. What surprised her more is that the more she was turned on the faster they tried to pump her.

"I'M CUMMING!" The man underneath her said and he pumped his load into Alicia. She felt his cock throb as it got bigger, but something else happened as it didn't shrink back to its normal size.

"WHAT THE..." The man underneath almost yelled, but stopped speaking just as fast. Instead he started to bang her harder with his new larger cock. The same thing happened with the other two men, and they didn't stop either. All three of them seemed like fucking robots and continued to fuck Alicia.

She also couldn't stop even though she was now in her right mind. All of this was very wrong. Suddenly, the man in her ass grabbed at his chest and fell over. One of his buddies ran over to see if he was okay.

"Marcus? Man...?" After he checked his friend he looked back to the other and said, "He's not breathing. We need to get him to a hospital or something."

The other two men didn't stop fucking Alicia. It was like they couldn't hear their friend.

"We have to do something!" He ran over to his friend that was shoving his cock in Alicia's face. She looked up into his eyes and attempted to plead with him using her eyes, but that didn't work. 

That was when the man that was underneath her stopped moving. Alicia felt his cock go limp and slip out of her. His body instantly went cold. The friend leaned down and tried to get her off him but couldn't. He moved behind and was trying to see what he could do, but his cock was still out of his pants and it started to get hard. 

"What the fuck?" Slowly he started to move it toward Alicia's empty pussy.

"NO! NO!" It was too late. As soon as his cock touched her pussy he pushed it in, and then he stopped saying anything. All he could do was fuck until he was gone.

Alicia woke up some time later to the horror of the men in the room all dead. She jumped and slide over to the wall. She had somehow killed them and had to get out of there.

Finally she was back in her apartment. The sun would be up soon, and she had no idea what to do. She couldn't sleep that night as every time she closed her eyes she saw cocks fucking her. That was the only thing she could think about now. There had to be something she could do.

In the morning, she did the only thing she could think of. Alicia went to a paranormal investigator.

The office was not well lit, and she took a seat and waited. She wore six inch pumps and a mini dress. That was the only thing that she could make herself wear. Finally, an older bald black man walked in. He took notice of her and held out his hand.

"Hi there. My name is Avery. What can..." The man looked down at the woman as she seemed to shy away from his outstretched hand.

Slowly Alicia looked up to the man and said, "I'm Alicia... what sort of paranormal stuff do you deal with?"

"All sorts." The man said as he sat down. "What do you seem to be dealing with?"

Alicia looked off for a moment and Avery waited.

"I... well... recently..." She took just a moment to calm herself and just went with it. "I have sex with people and they die!"

Avery took the moment to process the information. "I see. When did this start?"

"It just started."

The bald black man looked through his desk, and then stood and went over to the bookshelf. He grabbed a book and handed it to Alicia.

"What is this?" She asked.

As Avery sat down he continued, "That book... my dear... is about a demon called a Succubus. That is the kind of thing you are describing."

Alicia opened the book to a random page and saw a woman with small claws coming out from every part of her body and a large one from her vagina. She then quickly closed the book.

"Are you saying that's what I am?"

"I'm not sure what you think you are."

She put the book down and looked away. "Listen... I just had sex with a group of guys, and they all died during it. More than just die... they just stopped."

Avery nodded and then stood up. He went over to his shelve and took some dust. He then threw it on Alicia as she flinched.

"What are you doing?!" Alicia asked with anger in her voice.

"If you would have been some kind of demon you would have reacted to that."

Alicia looked up to him and replied, "I'm not a demon. I don't know what's happening I just know it's not normal. This place wasn't easy to find... am I just wasting my time."

"Yours or mine."

She stood up to leave but Avery motioned for her to stop.

"I'm sorry. Sit back down I'll try something else."

Alicia sat back down.

Avery grabbed a golden amulet and walked back over to Alicia. Instantly, the amulet jerked out of Avery's hands and hit the far wall.

"What the hell was that?!" Alicia asked terrified.

"That..." Avery turned to look back at Alicia. "It detects dark magic. Normally it will move around something that has some kind of dark engery. I've never seen it do that."

"What does that mean?"

Avery shook his head as he replied, "I don't know."

Quickly he ran over to his desk a pulled out some sort of telescope looking device.

"What does that do?"

He got right in front of Alicia and said, "This will tell me if you have dark power inside of you, or are being affected by something else."

Avery looked through the device and then back up to her with a smile.

"What?"

The bald black man put the telescope back on the desk and replied, "It's some kind of spell."

"A spell?" Alicia asked sceptically.

"Yeah. Something has cursed you...? Maybe?"

"Something we can undo?"

"Avery nodded and said, "Yeah maybe."

He went over to his book shelf and started to look over a few books.

"How did you learn about this stuff?" Alicia had asked.

"You could say that it is a family thing. Passed down through the ages. We actually started out as Vampire hunters."
