 Aspen stood over the corpse as she licked her fingers, still tasting the sweet crimson as it glistened in the pale moonlight, appearing a deeper shade of red against her pale white flesh. 

"Did you enjoy my gift?" 

Aspen turned immediately, the stranger's voice still ringing through her mind, making her heart race with anticipation. In the dark, she could only see the outline of black on black. The man that stood before her seemed less human than she did. 

His lips parted, as once again he asked. "Did you enjoy my gift?" 

She cleared her throat, her mind now reverting back to normal as the animal inside her returned to her dark side. She stared down at the lifeless body at her feet, slowly coming to terms with what she had done. She tried not to let the stranger before her see the fear in her eyes. "Who... who are you?" 

He simply smiled and walked towards her, his feet barely touching the ground, as he seemed to glide across the cool grass. "You know who I am..." He whispered as he approached her. "And you know why I am here.... the hunger that burns inside you, burns inside me as well... do not fear it..." 

She leaned closer to him, mesmerized by his un-natural beauty, her head feeling light with the growing dizziness that surrounded her as he stood before her. She stepped closer, her body aching with anxiousness as she reached for him, longing for his touch. In the light of the setting moon, she could see the outline of his face. 

His lips parted again, revealing his long, sleek fangs, as he curled his tongue over them, leaning closer and inhaling her scent. He pulled her closer abruptly, his hands moving over the small of her back; lower still as he nuzzled her neck softly. "Wake up, Aspen..."

She looked up at him a little confused. Why was he telling her to wake up?

"I said, wake up!!"

Aspen opened her eyes and blinked a few times at the blinding sunlight that shone in her face. "...What...?" She slowly sat up and looked around her room puzzled, her eyes slowly moving towards the moving figure. 

"I told you to get up!" Her mom sighed in irritation of the laziness of her teenage daughter. "Honestly, sometimes I wonder about you.... you were never this lazy as a child..." She shook her head and sighed again. "If your father was still alive..."

"Yeah well he's not, so deal with it!" Aspen cut her mother off, her tone as cold as the winter wonderland outside her window. Her tongue had always been sharp towards her mother. She had always hated her with a burning passion. It was her mother's fault that her father had taken his life at the end of a double barrel shot gun, and after that day, her hatred for her amplified. She wished nothing more then her mother to die a slow horrible death, one where not even her grandmother could recognize her rotting corpse. She had thought of her death many a time before, each one more gruesome then the last. Aspen's mind began to wander into the world of torture that she had created just for her mother, as a smile crept upon her full, soft lips.

Her mother glared at her hatefully as the back of her hand hit her daughter's face. "Don't talk to me that way! And get out of bed before I drag you out! That blasted cat of yours messed on my bed again." She opened the last heavy drapes in her room. "And clean this mess up! You are not an animal!!" She exclaimed and then jumped at the hissing sound coming from being her.

Aspen rubbed her swollen cheek as she looked towards the door. Her cat hissed again and swatted at her mother as she quickly moved past the doorway. Aspen chuckled as her cat nailed the wretched bitch with its claws before trotting over to her bed. "Are you causing trouble again, Sir Damien?" She smiled and picked up the ratty old cat, his one blue eye looking into hers as the white one stared off into space. He must've been most vile cat that anyone had ever seen, though Aspen didn't care. He had saved her from the neighbor's bulldog, and she wasn't able to leave his side after that. 

She remembered that day well. She had been taking care of her mother's garden that day, while her neighbor trained Max, and was paying no attention to what was happening. The neighbor swears to this day that Max had got rowdy on his own after being trained to fight and went for the first warm blooded creature that he saw, which, unluckily for Aspen, it had been her that day. Driven by the beat of the music playing blaring through her headphones, she did not see or hear the savage beast until it was upon her, trying to sink its fangs into her pale skin. She grasped at its neck, trying to keep it from tearing into her flesh as her mother stood emotionless staring at them. Another reason she hated her so. Out of nowhere, a very homely and savage cat had come to her rescue, sinking its claws and fangs into the bulldog's thick skin until it whimpered and backed down. Aspen scrambled to her feet and watched the relatively large, feral cat take on the muscular pup. He hissed, his fur standing tall as he stood between her and the dog. She had never seen such an act... she was in complete aw as the cat lunged at the dog, to quick for it to move away as the cat ripped at its coat again, tearing at its flesh until the dog's master came and got it. Her neighbor had gone to hit the cat, but Aspen got in the way just as her father came home to witness the act. Aspen paid no attention to the argument that her father and her neighbor were having, she merely picked up her savior and brought him into the house, cleaning the blood from his thick fur coat as he purred in enjoyment that his new master brought him. She also remembered the look on her mother's face as she walked by with him, protesting to no end that he had to leave. The moment that her father walked in the house and heard the protesting, he pulled her mother aside and said something that Aspen couldn't make out, not that she had been paying attention. Her father walked into her bedroom where she sat, cleaning her new pet. He smiled and sat down on the bed, watching her. He had told her that day that her mother didn't want her to keep the cat, which she thought it was too dangerous for her to keep him, though he didn't agree with her mother since the cat had risked his life to save her. From that day on, her mother resented her father. She had always been able to wrap him around her finger and now that Aspen was blooming into a young woman, she now had the power to wrap him around her finger, though she would never do that to him.

"ASPEN! I SAID NOW!!" Her mother yelled from the hallway, the tone in her voice showed that meant business. 

Aspen sighed as she slowly got up. "I'll be back, Sir Damien... just wait here and I'll bring you back some tuna." She smiled and head butted him before throwing on her silk robe that her dad had brought her back from Japan before heading out the door. She paused when she heard voices coming from down the hall way.

"Honestly, Tom. I don't know what to do with her anymore... She never listens, it's as if she wants me dead..."Her mother sighed heavily, not noticing that Aspen was listening in on her conversation. 

"I know, Beverly. But don't worry, things will get better... she's still dealing with Alex's death right now. She was the one who found him after all." The tall, stocky man stood beside her, resting his arm casually around her waist.

Whore!! Aspen's mind screamed as the anger filled her whole body, radiating in deep red hew for those who could see her aura. She was furious. How could she move on this soon?!? How could she even look at another man at this point? It has only been less then a month and the whore has already moved ... Aspen's attention revert to the conversation that Tom and her mother were having, no longer able to hear them. They must have moved to the living room she noted as she tried not to make noise walking down the hall way.

"Aspen? Have you cleaned up that mess yet??" Her mother heard her walking down the hallway, obviously spying on her and her lover. "Aspen, goddamn it I can hear you walking around! ANSWER ME!!" Her voice was stern and loud; loud enough for the neighbors to hear through the paper thin walls if they had been listening close enough.

Aspen stopped quickly. Damn, she heard me. "Yes, mother, I'm heading towards your room, that's why you hear me in the hallway!" Her voice was hard and cold. She didn't care if her mother had her new boy toy over or not, this was the way she talked to her. Her mother didn't deserve the respect that her friends did. 

With her harsh words, her mother had headed up the stairs. "How dare you speak to me in such a tone, young lady? One more time, one more word out of that mouth of yours that I don't like, and that hell child you call a cat will be put down!!" Her eyes were just as cold and emotionless as they were the dog had attacked her daughter.

"Fine, fine..." Aspen sighed. Anything to keep Sir Damien, she thought to herself as she headed into her mother's love nest. The smell of sex filled the air that surrounded her, making her nauseous. She had heard them, many a time in the early wake of the morning. Him grunting loudly and her moaning like the whore she was, the thought alone making her sick and queasy. And now, as Aspen stood in front of the room she could see the residue of cum sticking to the messy sheets, obviously left there from the night before. She quickly averted her eyes as they came upon the used condom wrapper that was hidden carelessly beneath one of the tossed pillows. I can't believe I have to clean up after her. She made a face and quickly looked around for Sir Damien's mess. 

"Are you blind or just stupid??" Her mother stood in the doorway as she glared at her lingering daughter. "The mess is near the pillow. CLEAN IT UP!" She tapped her foot impatiently as she waited for Aspen to hurry up and leave already. She was in the mood again and she was not about to be denied her session with Tom.

Aspen quickly took the piece of paper toweling and clean up the mess before throwing the used cloth into the garbage can. "There, I'm done now." She quickly headed for the door. 'Can you move please? I'd like to get by" She tried moving passed Tom, who now stood in the doorway. He made it impossible for her to move passed him without brushing against him.

Tom grinned slyly as he looked over Aspen's 5'9" frame. Built like a woman with all the right curves, pity she didn't put out like her mother did. He pressed against her, feeling her perky large breasts graze against his bare chest. He shivered slightly and stopped her from moving, holding her against his body. "You know, we could always have some fun after I finish with your mom." He smiled

His smile sickened her. She wanted to hit him, to push him away but she couldn't move. Held against her will, it seemed like eons had passed before she actually let her pass after she had not given him an answer. She would never do what he asked, the thought alone disgusted her. The moment that he had moved, she made her escape, hurrying back to her room before locking the door. Sir Damien looked up lazily from the bed, letting out a small yawn before going back to sleep. She shivered and tried to calm down. Had Tom actually made a pass at her? Was he actually serious? She shivered again and tried to get the thoughts out of her head as she sat down on her bed, looking around the room. What a mess, she thought to herself as she noticed the pile of laundry building up in the corner of her room. I suppose I should actually do something about all that. She sighed and got up again, slowly throwing the clothes into the hamper as she attempted to clean up her bedroom. In the distance, she could hear muffled moans coming from outside her room. The whore is at it again, she thought to herself as she turned on her stereo, trying to drown them out. Sir Damien meowed and scratched at the window, wanting to leave as well. "Good idea...." Aspen smiled a little and quickly got dressed, opening her giant bay window. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

He stood over her, watching her as she slept, her soft pale features shinning in the moonlight. He smiled to himself, as he lightly traced the outline of her face with his rough fingers. She stirred slightly, but did not wake up; she was obviously still in a deep sleep. His smile widened as he gently sat down on the bed, making sure that he didn't wake her as he slowly pulled the covers down, looking over her beautiful body. She was wearing a semi see-through white cotton tank top, the top two buttons were undone and he could see the top of her breast. He admired her beauty, his fingers lightly tracing the curves of her breasts, pulling back on the tank top. She stirred again as his fingers traced the outline of her nipple, it grew hard under his touch. He's smile turned into a grin, as he pressed down lightly on her nipple, pushing it back and forth under the soft fabric. She stirred again, rolling completely onto her back, exposing her ample cleavage. He leaned closer, inhaling her scent as he slowly unbuttoned her tank top, then jumped when he heard hissing coming from the darkness. Tom turned around to see one pale blue eye staring angrily at him. He quickly got up and went to kick the beast when Aspen's movements averted his attention; she was waking up. He quickly left her room, not wanting to be caught in the act that could've been if the stupid cat hadn't interrupted. 

"Where have you been?" Beverly sat up, a little groggy as the booze wore off. 

"I was just... checking to make sure that all the doors were locked. We went to bed early remember..." He smiled a little and slipped into the bed next to her. 

"Mm... yes I know that we went to bed earlier... trust me..." She grinned slyly and nipped at his neck, moving her lips lower.

He shivered as his body started to respond to her hot breath, flashes of Aspen filled his mind again as he rolled over on top of Beverly. She had obviously gotten her looks from her father and not her mother, her features were more defined, and her body alone could make any man respond just with a smile. No, Aspen definitely didn't get her looks from her mother; she was built like a goddess in comparison. He moved his hands down her body; picturing the young teenage beneath him as his lips moved over her skin, tasting the milky flesh beneath him. 

Beverly moaned and arched against him, her body responding to his touch immediately as she grew wetter then she had been from their earlier session. She moaned again as he reached her between her legs, rubbing her clit back and forth with his thumb before inserting a finger into her. 

He could tell by the way her body was reacting that it wouldn't take her long to get off. He wondered if Aspen would be this easy to please as he inserting another finger into her mother's drenched pussy. He could feel her clenching her muscles around his fingers as he wiggled them around, picturing her teenage daughter quivering underneath his touch, her virgin pussy begging him to enter her. The thought alone made his cock ache, the precum dripping down as he flipped her mother onto her stomach and slammed into her. He felt her mother clench her muscles beneath him as her body jerked forward, adding to the nice fantasy that was now developing in his head. He held her hips as he slipped in and out of her slowly at first, closing his eyes to see Aspen moving beneath him, moaning like the whore he wanted her to be, like the whore he knew she secretly was. He felt Beverly bucking hard against him, arching her back high as she went to look up at him. He shoved her head had into the mattress, holding her down as he reached down and pinched her clit, twisting it between his fingers. He pushed in deeper and deeper, her wetness making his 3 inch thick cock seem like a finger as it glided in and out of her, his hips thrusting hard as he pushed her down into the bed. He closed his eyes again, running through the scenario in his mind. She moaned louder for him, begging him to do her as hard as he could, she wanted to feel his hard fat cock pound into her tight virgin pussy as she bucked against him. He groaned louder, grunting wildly as he slipped his cock out of her pussy and pushed it into her tight ass, wanting to get the feeling of his virgin fantasy beneath him. He pushed in hard and slow, feeling her ass cheeks squeezing tightly as he forced himself all the way in, pushing his 8" cock into her tight hole. She shook beneath him, her muffled cries of pain going ignored as he pushed in deeper and deeper still, ripping her apart as the blood trickled down over his balls. He groaned and slipped his fingers into her dripping pussy, thrusting against his trusts as he pushed a third and then a fourth finger into her as he pictured Aspen thrashing against him. He pinched her clit, pulling on it, feeling the blood slide over his fingers. "Oh god..." He grunted and drove his fingers into her, moaning uncontrollably as his hips jerked forward, hearing her moan in his ears, her soft, deep voice sending shivers up and down his spine as he removed his fingers and gripped her ass cheeks, pumping harder, her tightness driving him to the brink as he came deep inside of her, his cum splashing against the inside of her ass. He pulled out of her and sat back, breathing heavily, the mixture of blood and shit sliding down his throbbing cock as the come still oozed out of his cock. He had never had such a realistic fantasy before.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aspen's eyes shot open as the door closed and she immediately sat up, looking around the room into the darkness. Sir Damien jumped on the bed, startling her a little. She exhaled, lying back down slowly, her eyes slowly closing again as she ran her hands through Sir Damien's tattered fur, drifting off into sleep again. 

She felt the hunger building in her as she stalked her pray through the trees, watching him from above as he ran faster into the darkness. She moved faster then him from above, gliding over the branches, hearing his heart beat all around her as she leapt down onto him. He screamed, panicking as she tore his chest cavity open, the blood splashing up against her face and down her chest, covering her in the hot, sticky liquid. She smiled down at him, licking the blood from her lips as she moved on him, tearing the belt off his pants as she tied his hands behind his head, holding him down. He squirmed against her, trying to get free as she removed his pants. 

"That's a good girl... you are so obedient... though I do not know why you would want to play with such a filthy creature..." 

In the darkness, she could see his outline, standing in the shadows. She slowly got up, turning to face him completely, the blood sliding down her chest as he approached slowly. She stood patiently, wanting to do nothing more then to feel his arms around her. She watched him as he approached her, his feet barely touching the ground as he stood before her, his deep sapphire eyes staring into hers intensely, making her whole body blush. He smiled softly, gently caressing her cheek with his long fingers. She stared up at him, her eyes not being able to leave his.

"You haven't finished him..." His smile faded as he looked down at her prey, squirming to get free. He rested his foot over his chest, pressing him to the ground. "Finish him my child... you need to finish him..." He urged her towards the bleeding man.

Aspen slowly knelt on to the ground, looking up at the dark stranger as she slowly licked up her prey's neck, flicking her tongue against the blood, before biting hungrily. The blood warming her throat on its way down as she kept her eyes locked to his, feeling her victim trembling under her, his body jerking in spasms.

"No... please... stop..." 

The voice rang in Aspen's ear, pulling her back to reality as she pulled away slightly, looking down at the man who was dying. His eyes stained with fear and blood as he pleaded with her, begging for his life. She stumbled to her feet, coming to terms with what had just happened. She panicked, shaking her head in horror as she stumbled backwards, tripping over a root from a nearby tree. From behind her, she could hear the whispers forming, seemingly laughing at her; the child who couldn't kill. Within a moment her dark prince had taken her place, mounting the man as he kept his eyes locked with hers, tearing at her prey's throat again. She couldn't move; she was paralyzed with what she was witnessing. Within a minute the man's cries subsided as he ripped his head from his throat, licking the piece of the spine that was still dangling from the man's neck. She shook her head, trying to move back, to get away from him as he stood up, the blood dripping from his lips and his hands. 
