 The constant tiny splash of dripping water was Emily's only contact with reality.

'You can't feel drips in nightmares, can you?' she thought to herself as her head swirled with a mixture of fear, confusion and a throbbing pain.

Where ever it was that Emily found herself, it was darker than pitch and the stone floor she was sat upon was cold and dank. She tried to stand, but the moment Emily got to her feet she became so disorientated that she was immediately forced back down onto that cold, dank floor.

'Was it night? How did I get here? Where am I?' Question upon question filled her mind, but there were no answers forthcoming.

Meanwhile he stood and watched Emily in the darkness, he needed no light as the glow she emitted from her pulsing blood was all the fluorescence he required. He watched as Emily floundered about crawling in the darkness, unsure of where anything was, especially herself. He bided his time, observing her to see what she would try to do. It was a game he played often; tormenting his victims the same way a cat might torment a mouse.

This one was certainly pretty enough and a virgin too, he could smell that. She was certainly worthy of his attention. His lips parted in a humourless smile as he watched Emily attempting to work her way around the room. If there had been light, he knew she would have been reeling back in terror at the sight of his jagged fangs. Yes, this one would do him just fine. 

Emily moved slowly, cautiously, feeling her way along the wall, praying to touch something that felt like a door. The hair on her tin arms was standing on end and her skin prickled with the sensation that she was being watched, but who or what could possibly see through this impenetrable darkness? 

Emily's breathing became a series of short rapid pants as the feeling of being watched ate away at her mind and she began to whimper fearfully. Her hand touched a wall, it felt rough and solid and Emily began to follow it, trying to concentrate on where it was leading her, while all the time the sense that someone else was here crippled her mind with terror. But then she stopped, transfixed with the fear that whatever was in the room with her, meant her harm.

He glided effortlessly across the stone floor the only sound was that of the dust settling behind him. He watched with growing excitement as Emily's fear was rapidly turning to panic. The more terrified she became, the faster her blood pumped and the more it excited him. He stood behind Emily, well within arm's reach of her frightened face, but completely out of range of her eyesight. He reached out with his thin powerful fingers and softly stroked her hair. It felt lush and silky in his fingers but brought him little comfort. What he wanted lay within her.

Emily twisted around suddenly, her move one of pure reflex. Her panicked mind was racing 

'What was that? Something touched me, something touched my hair.' 

She slithered along the floor, her back against the wall, her eyes desperately trying to pierce the black veil that surrounded her.

A sob escaped Emily's lips at exactly the same time as she felt a vice like grip that pin her arms to her side and lift her effortlessly to her feet. Her sob became a scream but even that faded to nothingness she felt a sharp pain that rocketed from her neck right through her body. Emily's head swirled with vague thoughts and strange dreams as her mind passed into the same blackness that surrounded her.

He moved with a smooth quickness that belied his size. He grasped Emily quickly and lifted her up, fixing her firmly in his grip. His fangs pierced her soft skin with ease, gliding deep into her flesh as he tasted her for the first time. He drank deeply, savouring the rich warmth that flowed from her veins satiating his temporary need and ensuring that there would be no further struggles.

Emily woke to find that the darkness had faded to a gloom and her surroundings, though draped in shadows, were now visible. She was lying on a stone slab, her arms resting by her side and her legs stretched out straight. She was naked, that much was obvious by the cold, rough stone that irritated her skin. Emily tried to sit up but was unable to, she attempted to lift her head, but it too failed to respond. Panic once again began to settle in.

'Could this be paralysis, what has happened to me?' she thought, but such thoughts passed quickly and a strange calmness overcame her.

'No it couldn't be so, can I not feel the rough stone below me?' 

Then he stepped from the shadows and looked at her with a mixture of contempt and desire, he wanted Emily to be conscious when he took her for his own. He wanted her to feel what it was like to be taken, body and soul, to become the flesh of another, to feel the ultimate intimacy. He looked down into her eyes and saw her fear as his hand slid slowly over her naked body. She was powerless to resist and incapable of understanding why, and he took a perverse pleasure in showing her that power. 

Emily felt the touch of his hand as it moved slowly over her naked flesh. She wanted to leap from the slab and run screaming from this place, but all she could do stare as his cold hands brushed her intimately. Emily felt him part her legs and glide his fingers up along the inside of her thigh as he leaned into her and placed his mouth against her throat. 

Emily lay there transfixed as she felt his finger entered her body at the same time his fangs pierced her throat. Emily felt her very soul slowly being drained from her body as her sex belied the assault and became excited. She was confused, terrified and aroused all at the same time.

He drank from Emily slowly, tasting her sweet nectar with the knowledge and pleasure of a connoisseur, savouring every precious delicious drop. He worked his finger into her sex, teasing her clit and probing her body, exciting her, causing her to course with the lust that he craved. Then he drank deeply of that lust, growing hard with his own excitement.

He lifted his head, her blood dripping freely down his chin, and roared out loudly. He shrugged off his clothes and leapt up onto the slab, lifted Emily's legs high and entered her with a single thrust. Emily's mind cowered as heard his lustful roar and she felt her legs being lift back over her body. She desperately wanted to beg him no, but nothing came out as she felt his hard cock penetrate her sex and take her in a single thrust. 

Emily wanted to cry out, first in outrage and sorrow for what had been lost, then in lust for what her body demanded. He knew exactly what she was feeling as he used her body to satisfy his needs. Emily felt her sex stretch as his thick shaft was thrust hard and fast into her body. A strange feeling of lustful ecstasy was taking over her body. In her heart she knew this wasn't normal and it had to be something that he had done to her, but she didn't care, she didn't want him to stop. She was being fucked for the first time and possibly the last and she could only wonder why she had waited all this time.

He drove his hard cock into to Emily's compliant body, looking down to see her breasts shake with the force of each thrust. He leaned down and commenced to bite her breasts, sinking his fangs deep into her creamy flesh, drinking from her once more as he continued to thrust his huge cock inside her. He was approaching the climax he craved, and the closer it drew, the more powerful his blood-lust became.

Emily felt him inside her, strong and powerful. Every nerve in her body was alive and every touch was like fire. She wanted to scream as she felt his jagged teeth sink into her firm breasts, not out of pain, but in exultation. Emily knew her end was near but all she cared about was reaching the orgasm that was building deep inside her. Each deep thrust into her once virgin sex, brought her closer. Then he withdrew his mouth from her breasts and she felt the warmth of her blood flowing freely, she knew the end was near. 

The moment arrived as he buried his penis inside her, roared out loud and came, flooding Emily's sex with his cold dead seed. Her mind screamed out what her mouth was unable to and Emily orgasmed as she felt him explode inside her, filling her. The last thing that shot through Emily's mind was the excruciating pain that pleasured her beyond anything she had ever experienced in her short life. 

He continued to drive his hardness deep inside her, pumping out his animal lust as drank from her flesh, devouring her until at last she ceased to breath. Then he raised himself from her bloodied corpse and walked purposefully from the stone altar. His face and body stained red with Emily's blood, his strength renewed once again. He stopped and looked back into her dead eyes seeing the final imprint of pleasure that only he was capable of.