 The old dirty pick up rambled on down the highway with some Jim Croce coming from the radio. Ben sat staring straight ahead, singing along. Darla was in the passenger seat also staring straight ahead. Neither had spoken since their fight earlier.

Ben remembered when Darla had crossed his path. He was in Brewer's Den shooting some pool against some city guy who thought he was the cock of the walk. Ben had taken out his custom pool cue, Lucille, to teach him a thing or two. Bastard had cheated, playing dirty, putting the ball behind the eight ball. Ben and Lucille had taught the prick a thing or two. Especially with the last blow to the groin.

When he had looked up from the crumpled man, there was a curvy blonde with the most amazing green eyes looking at him with amusement. She had smiled with red painted lips when he winked. 

She had followed when he was "escourted" from the Den. 

It had all been history from there.

They had gone on picnics, eating cold fried chicken she made and pasta salads. Some movies at the theatre. A concert if someone good was in town. A lot of long drives in his pick up. He listened while she talked. They always talked a lot, females, must be something in their hard wiring made their mouth go non stop. Darla talked more than the rest.

He figured that must be why Darla was the best cocksucker he had ever known. All those muscles working must make them strong to do what she did. 

And she was a head demon. She would get down on her knees on their picnics and say, "Time for dessert." She'd wink and lick her lips while stroking him in a tight, fast thrust. Her fingers would tense at the tip on the upstroke, squeezing the head. Her thumb would swipe the tip and flick the small slit at the top. 

Her other hand would craddle his balls, massaging them with her fingertips. She would alternate with scratching his inner thighs with her nails, hard enough to leave red streaks on their surface.

During this she would look him in the eye with a look of daring on her face. 

Finally, when he was getting bored of just being stroking she would lightly flick her tongue out in place of her thumb. Her tongue would lather all over the head like an ice cream cone and then she would pull back so that her breath would be sensitive on it. 

She would lick her lips again and apply her red lip gloss in a swipe. She'd take her lips and close them together and kiss the tip of his cock. Then she'd gradually open her lips and suck in his dick slowly, devouring and licking every inch. Sliding her moist lips down his shaft until she reached the base, keeping the seal airtight around his cock. The gliding sensation would make him weak. 

She would take her tongue and rub it along the bottom and when she reached the tip she'd give it a swirl and lick just under the rim of his head quickly before going back down. 

Then when she sensed his knees get weak from standing she'd push them from behind slowly while still gliding her ruby lips up and down on his cock, lowering him to the ground until he was flat on his back. It was almost like she was attached to his dick by her mouth. 

When he was all laid out she'd back off, take off her top and unhook her bra, loosing her huge tits in the open air. She'd sit astride him and play with her nipples smiling at him as they got hard under her fingers. He'd reach up and push her tits together and stroke the hard nubs, rubbing roughly with his callused thumbs. 

She would laugh and bend over raking her tits across his chest and down to his dick. By now it was half hard. "What a pity. I guess I should fix that." 

She'd take his shaft and place it between her milky tits. Keeping them together by folding her hands over them, the massive dd's would roll up and down the spit soaked cock. He'd be hard in no time, throbbing. 

When his head would poke out she'd swirl it around her tongue again to keep the gliding wet and hot. He loved tit fucking beyond all else. Buried between huge tits with a hot tongue on his cock was like a dream come true every time she did it. All he had to do was lay there and watch the show. When he started to leak precum onto her tits she'd look up and grin.

This was her favorite part. She'd lick the head more and keep her tits near the bottom, bobbing everything up and down until he could feel the tingle in his toes reach all the way up to his balls. Then he'd grab her hair and slam his cock into her mouth faster and faster into those ruby lips until he was ready to cum. He'd pull it out and stroke himself near her face and tits. 

"You want to see it?" "Oh please.." she'd whimper. She'd start grinding his legs and lean over his cock as it erupted all over her. Spurt after spurt of hot milky strands would unload from his cock pulling up from his balls onto her awaiting rack and face. 

"Front seat to my favorite show," she'd say. She'd rub her nipples again with the cum. Licking her fingers to get the taste of him in her mouth. "Now that was dessert."

He'd sure miss those picnics. Not that they'd been having many of them as of late. All they ever did was sit around and watch tv or argue. And the head demon had given way to a nag. No matter how they started it was like a magic wand passed over them with time and created a stale, talkative bitch. 

The last arguement had been their worst. He was watching the game and she kept asking him to go to a movie with her. He backhanded her to shut her up and she started screaming. By now he couldn't hear the commentators. She raged at him until he turned off the game. He stood up and grabbed her wrist as she went to slap him. 

"You don't want to do that. Now, I'm sorry I hit you but how else was I supposed to hear the game? I will take you to a movie this week. I promise." He looked into her eyes and she slowly nodded. Then she looked at the floor. 

"Don't hit me again," she said quietly. 

"Okay, but you've got to give a man a little space ok?" She nodded again. But he saw her eyes and saw something he did not like: determination. He knew it would go as it always went, she'd leave him and spread their private business all over town. Maybe even bothering Rick at the police station. 

"How about we go on a picnic?" he said, hoping to bury the hachet quickly. Suddenly the determination gave way to a grin and she said, "We haven't done that in forever!" She turned and headed to the kitchen getting ready to make up a basket. He watched her bottom sway and swing around the kitchen looking for things. 

"I'll go load up the truck" he said and walked out into the driveway.

And now here they were. He could smell the chicken in the basket beside him. 

"I know you think me hitting you was bad, but honestly sometimes you just don't understand. You never shut up Darla, ever. And when you scream it drives hot nails into my ears. It's not like I can't hear you. Jesus woman, sometimes I just don't feel like listening. A little slap is nothing. It just gets your attention and stops that pretty mouth of yours for a second. I'm sorry, but that's the only way sometimes." 

He looked at her staring out the window. They hit a bump and she shifted in her seat, still not looking at him. Finally, they reached his favorite spot.

It was an old logging route away from the main road so you couldn't hear traffic, and no one would come by to disturb them.

He moved around to her side of the truck and helped her out. He carried her across the muddy ground and set her down on a large rock. 

"You must be cold. Hold on." He retrieved a blanket from the back of the truck. He carefully wrapped her in it tucking it around her face to keep her warm. 

"This has always been a special spot for me. I built that rock wall all by myself over the years. I thought I should add to it today, because today is special too." He laughed. "Listen to me, going on after telling you to shut up. But seriously, I am truly sorry for what happened today." He grabbed the stuff from the bed of the pick up and started to use the shovel to dig while she watched. 

She kept watching him even as he moved her. Her eyes peered up at him right until that last shovelful of dirt covered her face. "Yup, mighty shame what happened in the kitchen today. You shouldn't have tried calling your friends to come get you from 'the crazy hick'. That just drove me insane you see, and all I could do to make you stop talking was to squeeze your pretty neck. I hung up the phone before you could tell your city friends where you were, even the town's name so no one will come here. Did you think I was stupid, Darla? I might be a hick, but I knew you were gonna leave and I can't have that. I watched you in the kitchen. Too bad your tongue turned all black, I might've been able to have one more blow job before you went. Damn girl, you had one hell of a skill and all you had to do to ruin it is talk too much. Ahh well. Better to have been sucked well then not to have been sucked at all." He chuckled. "I really will miss those lips darlin." 

He carefully placed the new rocks over her, looked up at the rest, Sandy, Margaret,... and turned away heading towards the truck humming "You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille." Maybe he'd hit Brewer's if they let him in...