 Kelli looked up at the clock. 7 o'clock. Ugh. The opening band, Darkness Descends was probably getting on stage now. For the thousandth time this summer, she cursed herself for taking classes. It's not like she was in a hurry to get out of college. Because of these two classes, and the projects due in each by the end of the week, her roommate, Beth, had to take someone else to see The Cutters.

She glanced back at her computer screen. Maybe she should have gone anyway. She wasn't sure just how much more she could concentrate on ancient European art without throwing up. Not that the subject didn't interest her, but two huge research projects in six weeks was too much. And her Eastern European history class was just as bad. People hadn't been kidding when they warned her summer school meant as much work as a regular semester class. Hell, it felt like more since the time was shorter.

The doorbell rang. Kelli had no idea who it could be, as no one ever visited without calling first. She got up quickly, though, glad to have an excuse to stop working on her paper. She went to the front window of the apartment, which gave a good view of the front door, and saw four kids dressed in costumes, holding trick-or-treat bags. She thought it strange for a second, then realized it was probably a birthday party activity or something. She remembered participating in similar games as a kid.

Kelli opened the door and was greeted with a hearty, "Trick-or-treat!" by a princess, a fairy, a devil, and a baseball player. She put on an act of fake disapproval and said, "But it's not Halloween yet."

The little princess, probably the oldest at seven or eight, jumped up and down excitedly. "Daddy said we could play Halloween!"

Kelli laughed. "Ok-ok. I wasn't expecting trick-or-treaters tonight, so can you kids wait here while I see if I have any candy?" The four nodded vigorously.

As she rounded the corner to the kitchen and found some candy--four regular-sized Nestle Crunch bars--she yelled out, "Is your daddy with you?"

"He's here," came the voice of the princess.

Kelli smiled. Maybe it was Daddy's weekend to take the kids and he needed something for them to do. Kelli figured he lived in the apartment complex and had a good vibe of the area. For the most part, the people living in the complex would find the situation amusing and get the kids a little something, like she was doing. She could picture a few neighbors who might be a bit insulted, but even they were too nice to not at least give the kids a kind apology if they didn't have anything handy.

"All right, who wants candy?" Kelli said as she left the kitchen and headed to the front door. No answer. The kids were gone. Maybe Daddy hadn't approved this game after all and had come to take the kids home. Then she heard giggling behind her. Though she couldn't see the front door from the kitchen, she could see the rest of the apartment, save for the two bedrooms and the bathroom. She surely would have noticed the kids run in and hide.

"Kids, this isn't funny," Kelli called out, her mind suddenly focused on the lost time on her papers. "You shouldn't run into other people's houses without being invited."

That met with more giggling, and a voice that probably belonged to one of the little boys, but sounded more like a croaking frog, repeated, "Trick-trick. Trick-trick. Trick-trick," over and over.

As she looked around and failed to find anyone, she felt her face flush with anger. She managed to keep her voice calm and sweet. "Kids, I have big candy bars for you, but if you don't come out, I'll have to put them away."

No answer, so she decided to check the bedrooms. She had reached hers when the front door slammed shut. She jumped and spun to look. A huge man, maybe seven feet tall and very muscular stood by the door. She should have been scared, but she was too mad.

"Are these kids yours?" she asked, doing her best to keep her voice under control.

He didn't answer, but instead took a few steps into the apartment. Now fear began to overtake her. Not only was he so big, but he was covered from head to toe in tattoos. Evil, scary tattoos, the likes she wouldn't have even have seen if she'd chosen to go to the heavy metal concert tonight with Beth. She knew they covered him from head to toe because he wore only a leather thong that hardly even covered his private parts. Kelli was by no means a shrinking violet nor a virgin, but this guy was showing more than she wanted to see.

She took one more shot at gaining control of the situation. "Sir, I don't know who the hell you are, or what you're doing in my house, but you need to take your kids and leave."

He stopped and smiled. The little princess was suddenly standing next to her. Where had she come from? It was like she materialized out of thin air.

"He likes your moxie," the girl said. "He'd like to test you out."

"What?" Kelli yelled, practically screaming. "What the hell's going on here?"

The huge man nodded and her clothes, a pink cotton tank-top, jeans shorts, and white cotton panties, fell off her. Not as if some unseen entity took them off of her, but instead they fell straight off as if she'd temporarily lost corporeal form. She screamed and an unseen force knocked her five feet back onto the couch where she was held in place by something she couldn't see.

"He wants to see if you'll make a good breeder," the princess said.

Kelli looked over to the little girl, ready to beg her to stop the giant, but she wasn't a little girl at all. She actually looked to be an old woman trying to pass as a little girl. Her skin was pulled tight against her skull, makeup applied heavily in spots to hide veins and imperfections. Her hair, which had appeared blonde, now was clearly light grey. Kelli also noticed she wore gloves to hide her hands, which likely looked nothing like seven-year-old hands. Kelli didn't know if this was how the princess looked the entire time and she'd not looked close enough, or if she'd been under some sort of spell or something to not notice.

"Relax and enjoy," the old-lady princess said. "If you stiffen up and fight it, it'll hurt."

Tears started rolling down Kelli's cheeks. What'll hurt? I don't want to hurt. Please go away, all of you."

They, of course, didn't listen.

The giant took a step forward, and she fully expected him to remove his leather jock strap and rape her, but instead he just stood there.

Unseen hands grasped her ankles and spread her legs wide. Something nuzzled her clitoris, and though whatever it was rubbed her just the right way, she refused to let herself become aroused. She'd had sex with three guys, two on multiple occasions, since coming to college, as well as two other guys back in high school, but she wasn't into the whole getting fucked by a ghost thin, if that's what was happening.

The giant smiled at her and shrugged, then the pain hit. It felt like her vagina was being ripped apart by a barbed wire covered baseball bat. "He tried to warm you up," the freaky old princess said. Through her pain, Kelli tried to remember if that voice had changed. She was sure it had been the voice of a young girl when she and the other three had been at her door.

Kelli screamed again. She refused to look down, as she could imagine blood streaming from her vaginal opening. The pain didn't diminish. If anything, it kept moving up, becoming more intense. Then it stopped, though a dull ache remained. Now she did venture a look down, and though her pussy had a red tinge to it, as if she'd just had vigorous sex, there was no blood or any other signs of damage.

"He says you'll do," the princess said. "You didn't rip like some of the other potential breeders. He does advise you to let your womanly juices flow. The pain will be much less, if there is any."

Kelli glanced up at the tattooed giant, who nodded, then dissipated into nothing. She looked at the princess, but she was gone, too. If the other three kids, if that's what they really were, had ever really existed, they were likely gone, as well. She found herself unstuck from the couch, but she didn't have the energy to move. Before she passed out, she noticed the clock read 7:30.

#

Kelli woke with a start. She sat at her computer, her ancient art paper up on the screen. She looked up at the clock and found it to be 6:45. What? That had all been a dream. Right? Yeah, there was no other explanation. She looked at the screen and found the last two paragraphs she'd typed were missing. Shit. She'd dreamed working on the paper, too. She remembered exactly what she'd done to the paper in the dream and quickly typed it. Maybe she should nap during homework more often. These paragraphs were pretty good.

She stood up and stretched. If she was falling asleep at her chair, she definitely needed a break. She walked out of the room and screamed. The fairy and the devil (was it a dream?) stood in the middle of the living room.

"Don't scream," the fairy said. "We're not going to hurt you."

What the fuck was going on? Kelli wanted to say that they better explain, but her tongue felt three sizes too big, and no words came out. She instead stared hard at both trick-or-treaters to see if they were actually old people, too. If so, their costumes were much better than the princess; they both looked to be five or six years old, though their speech patterns proved they were much older than that.

The devil stepped towards Kelli, raised his hand, and put his palm out toward her. The fairy then did the same. A force of energy, like a slap across her face, struck Kelli. That loosened her tongue. "Ow! What was that for?"

"You are now protected to a degree. You wear His mark," both said in one voice.

The devil stepped back and disappeared. The fairy looked her in the eyes. "You also wear the mark of the evil one, so be vigilant. We will be back to protect you when the need arises. Stay safe, Daughter of Undark." The fairy then disappeared. 

Kelli just stood in place, waiting to wake up from this dream she knew wasn't. So many questions swirled in her mind that she couldn't consciously focus on one. Not that she'd be able to figure anything out anyway. And though she didn't focus on it, the fairy calling her the Daughter of Undark floated close to the surface. She'd never heard that before, so why be addressed as it?

After a long time of standing there--the sun had gone down by the time she moved--she wandered into her room and continued on her school work, numb to everything else. She worked until morning, not wanting to face anything but academia. She didn't even hear if or when Beth returned from the concert.

#

Kelli jerked awake, finding herself in her computer chair staring at her screensaver--pictures of beautiful nature scenes. She'd been having a strange dream where she, complete with magic powers, and the fairy and devil fought the tattooed giant and the princess. Though it seemed important that she should, she couldn't remember any other details of the dream.

"Well good afternoon, sleepyhead. I thought you were going to sleep through the entire day." Beth stood in the doorway wearing a black t-shirt from the concert. It had "The Cutters" in jagged-style printing underneath a picture of a bloody butcher knife. She'd obviously bought a large or extra-large since it ran halfway down her thighs. 

"Cool t-shirt," Kelli said. "So I take it the concert was good?"

"Awesome," Beth said. "And this t-shirt is so comfortable I don't need to wear anything else." She lifted the shirt up a bit, showing Kelly her smooth-shaved vagina.

"Beth!" Kelli said, blushing. "What's gotten into you?" Though they were best friends and often paraded around the house in such things as tiny tank-tops and panties, and both had seen the other naked many times, they'd never done so in such a sexual manner as Beth obviously meant that last move.

"Chill out, girl," Beth said. "Here, feel how soft this shirt is." She whipped it off, revealing her naked body, and tossed it to Kelli. Kelli had always admired Beth's physique, honed by hours at the gym each week. Though Kelli's body was well-toned, too, Beth could be a cover model on any magazine out there. While working out and keeping trim kept Kelli's breasts down to a very perky A-cup, it only enhanced Beth's--full and sturdy C-cups. She'd never though about Beth's breasts in more than an off-hand, envious way, but right now she wanted to run her tongue all over them and give them the attention they deserved.

Beth walked over to Kelli and kissed her full on the lips. Seconds into the kiss, Beth's tongue invaded Kelli's mouth. Kelli moaned and did her best to give as much as she got. She gave a disgruntled moan when Beth broke the kiss.

"You're overdressed, baby," Beth said. She backed up and lay sensually on the bed. Kelli couldn't believe herself as she stared at her best friend's pussy and wondered how wet it was and how it tasted. She forced herself to turn back to the computer and save whatever she'd written. In her daze, she had no idea what it had been and she figured she'd sort out the good from the bad later. In one motion, she clicked the computer off and removed her tank top, revealing her own breasts. She turned back towards Beth, ready for wild sex, and screamed. 

The tattooed giant and the old princess stood next to the bed, while Beth--no, Beth's skin, her husk--lay on the ground. There was no blood. It looked as if Beth was merely a discarded outfit.

"What did you do to her?" Kelli yelled. 

"We're sorry, Kelli," a voice, that of the fairy, said. "We failed to keep track of one of them, and he broke our protection. We can not come and help you until you start the war."

Kelli felt her chest tighten, and she feared she'd hyperventilate. "What? I don't understand."

"Understand, Daughter of Undark?" the old princess said. "There's nothing to understand. You shall receive the seed of the Son of the Undying, and the offspring will rule the world. You should feel honored, though childbirth will undoubtedly kill you." 

"They can't hear me, so listen closely," the fairy's voice said. "Finish disrobing, and then take him. It will be more pain than you've ever had to bear, but fight it. You may not know it, but you are the Daughter of Undark, and your family thrives on pain. He is practically invulnerable, but when he pushes himself into you to the hilt, he will be defenseless and can be destroyed. Let your powers take over and slay him."

"Powers? What powers? I don't have any powers?"

"You are correct, Daughter of Undark," the princess said. "There is now nothing in anyone's powers that can stop the merging of the Undark and Undying clans."

"Just trust in the powers," the fairy's voice said. "When it is time, they will be there at your disposal. You will not fail. Our prophesies have predicted this meeting since before recorded history. Now take the advantage so you can claim your birthright. Trust in yourself, Daughter of Undark, and you will not fail."

Kelli didn't know why she was considering this, but she unzipped her shorts and pulled them and her panties down. She stepped out of them, doing her best not to show her self-consciousness or nervousness. The old princess smiled and yanked a strap on the giant's loincloth. Kelli gasped. His cock was at least three feet long and as thick as a barrel of a baseball bat. She had to take that to the hilt? It would rip her vital organs to shreds and stick up through her throat.

She suppressed a whimper as she walked over to her bed and lay on her back, presenting herself for him to mount. She had no idea why she should believe the fairy. She'd never felt any magic powers coursing through her veins, so why would they start now? One thing remained in her favor. She was the Daughter of Undark, and though she didn't know what that meant, every time she heard it, she knew she was far from a normal person. A normal girl wouldn't survive this rape, but she'd not only survive, she'd take him out. It had to work.

The tattooed giant smiled and positioned himself between her legs. "Yes, you know your place," the princess said. She sat on the bed next to them and stared at crotches. "Enjoy yourself, girl. Make sure your juices flow, or this will hurt. More so, anyway."

The giant started to shove his massive tool into her. At first it seemed impossible, but his wicked smile never left his face. The princess reached down and spread Kelli's pussy lips. Her hand looked leathery, almost mummified, and she didn't know which was worse--the touch of the giant dick or those ugly, old fingers.

The giant's cock pushed into her and she grunted. This wasn't natural, and she felt like her insides were going to explode. He pushed hard and she screamed, but the pain quickly gave way to euphoria. Not of a sexual nature, but of a power coursing through her body. Undark, and she was close to controlling it.

The giant pushed further into her, and though it hurt, she'd never felt so good. The fairy said her family, whoever they were, thrived on pain, and now she saw how that was possible. The power inside her built up, and she couldn't wait to release it. She put her feet up to his ass and pushed him further into her. The giant's smile grew, but the princess realized something was wrong.

"Stop, you fool!" she yelled. "She's found her powers!"

The giant wouldn't--couldn't--listen. He groaned, the first sound Kelli had ever heard from him, and pushed in all the way. Something inside her ruptured and an aura seeped out of her skin. It didn't have any color she could describe. It wasn't exactly light, but as the name suggested, it was undark. The princess screamed and lunged for her, but the fairy and devil appeared out of nowhere and intercepted her.

The giant bent over, practically in shock. Kelli guessed it was a mix of her powers and never having been this deep into a woman without destroying her. She forced the aura to concentrate around her hands and reached up for the giant's head. She put her palms over his ears and squeezed. He howled as his skull fractured. Instead of the gore of brains, blood, and skull bits that Kelli expected, the giant disintegrated into nothing.

Finally free, Kelli turned her attention to the fairy and devil's fight with the princess. To the eye, it looked like nothing was happening. The tree sat on the bed staring at each other. The air, though, was so thick with power that Kelli had trouble moving towards them. She subconsciously told her allies to back off, and then she sent a full dose of undark at the princess. Her ancient face blanched white and she toppled over, disappearing as the tattooed giant had.

"It's not over," the fairy said. "One remains."

Kelli thought back to the original trick-or-treat and remembered there had been four. She hadn't seen the little baseball player since before she walked into the kitchen to retrieve candy. She mentioned this, and the fairy confirmed it.

"He's more timid, apt to using his magic out of view. He won't attack us, but he'll hide until he can call his allies back to this world."

"They're not dead?" Kelli asked.

"Far from it," the fairy said. "In fact, if we wait too long, their anger will bring them back stronger than ever."

The devil had been silently stalking around the room. He stopped at the foot of the bed. "He's here, but it'll take all three of us to send him back. Sister, we'll grab him, and Daughter of Undark, you'll cleanse the room, sending him back."

Kelli started to protest, but the fairy cut her off. "You'll know what to do and when to do it." Her voice left no chance for argument.

"Ready?" the devil said, and the fairy nodded. They jumped up onto the bed, but instead of bouncing, they sank into the mattress as if it were water. A psychic scream pierced her mind, though she couldn't tell who it came from. She didn't know what to do, but she knew by now to trust that she'd be able to do it.
