 Dusk set in spraying hues of pink, orange and violet across the darkening velvet sky. The heady aroma of jasmine, growing wild in nearby fields, wafted across the summer air filling it with a sweet fragrance. As the sun lay down into its nightly grave, the day's moist warmth passed away and the night creatures awoke. In sleek fashion, they exited their abodes in search of sustenance.

David awoke into known darkness. His closed eyes embraced the last remnants of sleep. The fact that he awoke each evening confronted by the same abyss mattered none. But each night, the blackness weighed upon him like a traveling cloak of times past. It carried with it a taste, a savory flavor of memories, years passed and journeys known.

Outside the night whispered, reaching inside him to a familiar place and caressing an intimate part. The touch lit a spark within him, which became a scolding desire that could never warm his cold pallor. It was unadulterated desire. It was an unending lust for the warmth of blood and the violent throes shared between lover's bodies.

For 20 years he had experienced the world like any other man. He would awaken to smiling grogginess as the morning sun warmed him and whatever woman he had fancied the night before. That list of women had never been short and he had always known himself to be handsome in the strictest sense. Life had never been this good for his father. Instead, he had worked till his death in the fields of their farm. David had no intentions of following his example or changing his ways. He had used his inheritance and made a small fortune wooing women and the life style pleased him.

Yet, time affects all things and 126 years can change even the most stalwart. The most drastic events happen in the unexpected moments of life, which would go unseen otherwise. His life changed in such a way, one night amidst carnal passions. It was a night that even to this day gave him cause to shiver.

He'd been to town and retrieved himself a prize catch. His clothes had lain upon the cold stones of the floor and the heat of a young minx's body kindled beneath him. There was no better way to spend a cold winter night.

She'd wrapped her soft thighs around his body, digging her heels into his lower back forcing him deeper inside her. Her ample wetness allowed him to slide in easily and he reveled in the feeling of her vaginal muscles vibrating against his cock. He'd pinched her pink nipples harshly, squeezing them until they turned a deep purple. Her response had been a breathy groan. He could remember thinking that the young tart was not the picture of innocence he had guessed her to be. Yes, he remembered that night well...

*

He lifted up looking down into her youthful complexion. Eyes closed, she arched up in an effort to pull him down and in the process dug her nails deep into the soft flesh of his shoulders. He grunted with pain and pleasure. If this was how much she wanted him, then he would show her the full depth of what he had to offer. He smiled with self-assuredness.

Bracing himself with his arms, he thrust forward, plowing into her cunt, until he felt his balls slap against her ass. Along the sides of his cock he could feel the walls of her vagina stretch, but his thrust was to fast and his size to much. He knew he had ripped the skin at the bottom of her opening when she hissed between her teeth. Inside he could feel an animal raking at his insides, struggling to be let loose. That beast wanted to devour and ravage this hussy. Teasingly, he held back his desire, pulling his cock out from her slowly.

With his next thrust, her eyes shot open, he mouth working as if to moan in pleasure or scream in pain. Either one would have been fine with him. Instead her breathing quickened and her eyes bulged. Her body strained upwards, but she was pinned to the bed by his hips. Her body struggled to adjust as he watched her. The struggle quickened the anxious pacing of that inner animal. As he felt the tension beginning to leave her body, he released the beast.

He finished pulling out till his head lay cradled in her opening. The head of his penis filled her small opening, pushing against it, stretching it. He marveled for a moment at how large he appeared in her tight pussy, and then he forcefully pushed into her, hammering his engorged head against the back of her vagina. 

No sooner had his cock hit the underside of her cervix; he pulled completely out, thrusting forward again with force. He continued to pound into her quivering body, each thrust coming quicker than the last. He listened as she fought to catch her breathe. He felt her body strum with tension beneath him. Then he felt it, the warm flush of liquid coming from deep within her. Her walls clamped down on him, rippling backwards, milking him for the precious gift of his seed. He refused her bodies request, feeling her body riding wave after wave of pleasure as he continued thrusting.

She screamed, the pleasure forcing itself out as agonizing moans of pleasure and pain. Suddenly the window high in the rafters blew open, allowing a chilling breeze into the room which swept over the inferno of their forms. That moment in time froze. She stopped breathing, her heart paused and he could feel the life slip from her muscles, her body going limp beneath him. 

He looked down into her face watching her eyelids flutter open. He felt a great weight suddenly fall upon his heart, a sense of foreboding dread. She opened her eyes. Yet, instead of them coming to rest upon him with the leisurely glint of a satiated lover, they looked past him locking onto something high above. She screamed. It was a sound filled with confusion and unholy terror. David turned to look and darkness fell upon him.

David found himself walking through a field of waist high golden grass. He stepped gingerly, the sea parted before him and he reached out allowing his hands to play lightly over the tops of the amber waves. Tilting his head backwards, he watched white clouds flit quickly across the ocean blue sky.

He watched them slowly begin to change color. At first it was just a slight tinge of grey in their centers, but the smudge quickly spread becoming angry bruises of black and dark blue across the whiteness. David closed his eyes, feeling for that moment like he sat in the center of the universe. The breeze whispered into his ears the secrets of eternity.

The air vibrated with thunder, a roaring grumble of clouds which bellowed discourse. He felt the first warm drops of water strike his face, running down into his open mouth. He raised his arms to the sky reveling in the warm droplets and cooling breeze. The air folded around his form touching every nerve. 

He fell to his knees, the pleasure of the moment engulfing his mind as the tempest grew around him. The flesh along his arms, back and thighs shivered. The wind murmuring through the grass rose to a wail. The temperature dropped. The rain became cool, thick and sticky, tasting like copper where it slid across his tongue. The wind knocked him to the ground, sounding like the shrill scream of a terrified woman. He opened his eyes and the world began to materialize through a thick fog.

Between slit eyelids, he could make out through a red haze the familiar surroundings of his bedroom. He took inventory of his body as his mind fought to assimilate what was occurring. Everything seemed to be present, but his body felt sluggish and unresponsive.

A cold draft wafted over him from the open window. As it struck he could feel a stiffness as something sticky dried on his skin. It pulled at his flesh. That was when the mesmerizing lilt of the melodic female voice came to him.

"You may look upon me creature," she said in hypnotic fashion.

David laid still, breath frozen as he sought the source of the voice. It eluded him, its source seeming to be from inside his own head. Was he losing his mind? Was he imagining this whole scenario?

An ache formed in his neck where it was pushed against the massive oak head board. One heartbeat, then another came before he couldn't stand the strain. He lifted his head in an attempt to straighten out the kink. The breath caught in his throat as his vision leveled and was filled with a woman of unimaginable beauty. 

*

Her skin was porcelain and pure as snow. It starkly contrasted against the folds of the midnight blue gown. The crushed velvet clung to every curve of her body. Her milky white breast spilled over the bodice straining outward, begging to be touched, kissed, and licked. The liquid brown pools of her eyes mocked him. Their darkness made them appear like mirrors where they were framed by the chestnut ringlets of her hair. The only mar to her beauty was a red smear that spread across her face. His mind reeled taking in each detail in the length of a breath.

She moved fluidly, like contained water, as she bent over at the bottom of the bed. He heard the ripping of cloth coming from somewhere near his feet. She straightened and smiled at him with that beautiful mouth and those eye teeth that seemed slightly too long. Her mouth was sensuous and feral. Watching it caused his penis to harden despite the fear the gripped his heart. He had no control and this he feared the most.

She raised a piece of clean white linen to her mouth and gingerly daubed at the smear. Two realizations struck him simultaneously. Firstly he wondered where the young vixen was. Then came the recognition that this queen of horror was wiping blood away from her mouth. The real question was whose?

Nervously he turned his head towards the empty side of the bed. There she lay, her empty eyes staring at the ceiling. Her beauty no longer existed. The mouth gaped with an eternal cream that never escaped her lips and would never be heard. The soft flesh of her throat, which had shivered at the touch of his lips just moments before, now lay shredded. It was as if she had been torn open by a beast far worse than that predator that lay within him.

Bile began to rise from his stomach and he felt the need to scream, but his eyes continued downward, burning the scene into his mind. He saw that her marvelous pink tipped breast were now nothing more than a wet, raw, mass of meat. Her blood was spilling out over her body and soaked the bed. He realized it covered him.

It was more than he could take. His eyes shut and inside he prayed that they would never open again. He yanked his head away from the scene turning to the edge of the bed, where he began vomiting. His stomach heaved till there was nothing left, but coughing and bile. As he gained a sense of decorum over himself, he realized there was soft feminine laughter filling the room. She was laughing at him and at the horror of this moment. She did this! She must have!

He turned back towards her, opening his eyes. They stung with tears as he tried to focus. His mouth opened several times before the words finally came out.

"Wha... what ar-re you? What do you w-wa-want from me?"

She cocked her head to the side and stared at him in amusement. Her eyes glinted with pleasure. Her tongue flicked out, softly licking at her full lips.

"Oh my, you are a direct animal." She said with a widening grin. "What makes you think that you have anything that I need?"

David was numb and in his numbness he found a last ounce of valor. He screamed, "I am a man!" He strained upwards, intending to flee the room. He'd flee this she-bitch and fetch the authorities. Yet, he went no where. His body was held tightly to the blood soaked bed sheets, despite a lack of restraints. His body was not his own.

He looked up but she was no longer there. He caught a blur of motion from the corner of his eye and suddenly he felt her wait as she sat on top of him. He did not get the chance to utter a sound. She slapped him across the face with the back of her knuckles, wrenching his head back towards the corpse. He could hear the sound of bones of his neck cracking in complaint. It felt as though he had been kicked by an ox.

Then as suddenly as the wait was upon him it was gone. He opened his eyes, dazed from the blow and a now sharp pain in his jaw. There she lay before him, propped up on an elbow with her head leaning against her cheek. The corpse was gone.

"You are no more than I say and for now all you need know is that you are mine" she said with a deep growl.

She reached towards him. He jumped when the fingers brushed against the length of his neck. Again he could feel his body over riding the fear that gripped his mind. He felt himself blush as blood rushed to his face. It came from the sudden realization that his cock was hard and he had no ability to stop it.

She continued caressing his neck as she spoke. "You can not grasp this situation. I am beyond what you can understand."

He shivered involuntarily. He could feel his heart racing and the head of his penis throbbed. "What do you want from me?" he asked.

The fingers caressing his throat, slid around his neck, then tightened like iron claws. She rose from the bed, standing erect, bringing him with her. She raised him to above eye level; his feet were inches from the ground. She stared up into his face and was no longer smiling.

"I have chosen you," she began. "I am the illumination of that which is eternal. I am your universe, the omega and alpha of your existence. I am immortality itself."

David knew crazy. He had often walked past those poor souls, sitting ragged and dirty in the streets. He had watched as they begged for a penny; speaking to the unseen or to no one in particular. This witch was far beyond those poor wretches.

"I have chosen you David."

He recoiled at his name. How could she know it? Who was she and why, God, why was she doing this to him?

"What did I do to you? Why are you tormenting me?" he stammered.

"I have watched you David. You are cruel, by the weak standards of human capacity. My ways, however, are crueler beyond the most bizarre horrific imaginings of your feeble mind. I have chosen you for this flavor. I will allot you a life of infinite cruelness. You will have the eons of time to discover the uncontrollable taste of chaos, lust and desire that is unending and unquenchable."

She released her grip on his neck and he fell to the hard stone of the floor. Instead of landing on the hard floor, he found himself in the wet pile of what had once been the beautiful creature who'd shared his bed. She lay in a heap beside the bed. Immediately his stomach betrayed him by trying to heave, but there was nothing left to release.

He had no time to think as she yanked off the velvet cords which held back the heavy bedroom drapes. She grabbed his wrists, pulling them above his head and deftly tied his hands at the wrist so that they were held, palms together. She began dragging him towards the end of the bed. He kicked and fought, but there was no escaping her inhuman strength and no place for his feet to find purchase in the gore that covered the floor.

Upon reaching the end of the bed she threw the loose end of the cord over the beds canopy. Without effort, she pulled on the cord lifting him off his feet. It felt like his shoulders were going to rip out of their sockets. His toes were barely touching the stones beneath him. There he hung, helpless, a captive. Not as if he had ever been anything but for this monster.

She stepped in front, taking him in as a whole, like a craftsman admiring their work. She then stepped forward her eyes traveling from his head downwards. When she came to his groin area, she paused for a moment and that deceptive grin returned to her face. Her eyes then traveled upwards, finally fixating intensely on his.

He began to open his mouth, but she firmly pressed her finger against his lips. She was in control. There was nothing he could do but admit it, but he refused to submit. David fought with every ounce of willpower, trying to glance away. His head slowly began to turn to the side. Even though, he still could not bring himself to break eye contact with her. Those eyes seemed to rummage through his soul. They stopped him. He knew he could not save himself. That she could roll him with those yes, washing over him like the last ocean wave over a drowning mans head.

A whimper escaped from his lips around the pressure of her finger. A sob shook his body, which now seemed so weak and fleeting to him. He wondered for a moment if she would destroy the beauty of his face, then the last of his pride fled. The fear overwhelmed his senses and he cried as he urinated on himself through his semi-erect cock. Her eyes flashed. She threw her head back and laughed with the glee of a child. As she did this, she held out her arms and began to dance around the room, spinning in circles. With her eye contact broken, David had control of his body or what little control was real. In shame he lowered his head and wept. Hung taught,, his body quaked as he sobbed and she danced.

He cried for some time before he realized that the room was silent. He looked up from his tears, feeling them dry on his cheeks. He peered around the room, but it all seemed unreal. He saw no blood. He saw no woman, no tormentor. Yet he was still tied to the canopy of the bed.

He wondered though, had it all been a dream? He couldn't see any sign of the surreal nightmare that had caused him to tremble so. Could he have gotten drunk and allowed some angry wench to leave him in this burdened position. He had fallen asleep and left many women in just such a spot. It was also a far more believable scenario than what must have been a dream. Maybe she slept behind him even now.

"Is anyone here?" he called out in hopes of waking anyone sleeping in the bed behind him.

"Did you really think I would depart without fulfilling my lust for you suffering and metamorphosis?" asked that cold female voice beside his ear.

David's head dropped and he pled, "No. Please No! Pleeeease!"

"That, my meager meal, is not an option."

She sniffed his neck where she pressed her cheek against him. Placing her fingers on his temple, she traced down the side of his face with her nails, leaving welts from the pressure. She trailed her nails from his face, down his jaw line, over his chin, then across his neck. She forcibly pushed her arm behind his head, reaching up and grabbing a hand full of hair.

David's pulse thumped in his ears as his mind slipped into panic. Heat washed off of his body in sheets as his blood pressure rose. He began to pray.

"God forgive me. Please release me from this nightmare and bring me peace."

"I know no forgiveness," she whispered. "But I shall grant you release. I will release you from your mortality by baptizing you in the fire of the most exquisite pain you shall ever feel. Fear it, for there is no peace or escape."

She yanked his head back and to the right. With her other hand she grabbed the top of his neck, cutting off the flow of blood to his brain. Her grip was like steel and when she jerked his head back there was a wet pop from his vertebrae. She bared his neck from jaw to shoulder.

He shut his eyes, wincing as he awaited death. His breathing rasped quickly from his lips. His temples throbbed and it felt as though his head were about to explode. The warmth of her breath and the coolness of her lips bore against his throat.

Then there was pain, more excruciating than anything he could have believed. When her teeth entered his flesh he expected them to tear him open like an animal, like they had the girl. It was far different. Instead, he felt her sinking those sharp points in, a fraction of an inch each heartbeat.

His skin burned and his mind reeled from the pain. His legs shook, then just gave out. With the tight ropes holding him and no slack for him to drop, he bore the weight of his body with his shoulders. Her lips touched his neck as she sank her teeth the last of the way in. Where her lips touched a suction formed and the last push of her teeth punctured his jugular, releasing the pressure that had built there. The warmth of his bodies life, sprayed out of the holes with force, mixing with the soft silky touch of her tongue.
