 In the deep woods beyond the corner house, a lone owl cried out in the night. On soundless wings it emerged from the shadows, swooping with terrible precision on a bounding, too-slow rabbit. In an instant, the owl altered its flight and rose again, its talons sunk deep into the flesh of the still-jerking rabbit. The talons closed, crushing the victim; twice the great wings flapped, then the bird resumed an unseen perch to relish the warm brains of its prey.

Looking blindly into the dark of the woods, Becky shivered. She drank in the cold night air on the back porch of the house, the eerie party music throbbing behind her. Her skin tightened from the cold as she stared up intently at the sky, wobbling on her feet, staring at the moon ghostly and pale in the cloud-darkened sky. What kind of wine was that? She shivered again and became aware of her nipples hardening in the cold beneath the gauzy top of her costume. What the hell was I thinking, dressing as some princess from the Arabian Nights on a night like this? But the hardening of her nipples was pleasurable, and she found her hand straying to cup a breast and squeeze it. She shivered again, but this time it was from the pleasure that rippled through her body. Maybe some day Ethan will learn to explore my body. The wind gathered in the tops of distant trees, then came rushing breathlessly towards her, whipping the wraithlike cloth of her pants against her thighs. Too much wine tonight, gotta snap out of this. . . where did Emily go? Gotta tell her I need to go, gotta leave Ethan here.

In the distance a lone creature wailed in the night, a low mournful sound. Time seemed to be suspended by the sound, and details of her surroundings assailed her in incoherent waves of impressions, overlapping vignettes of slowed motion. She slipped a hand inside the elastic of her filmy costume pants, aroused now by the wind that slid across her body as though she were naked for all to see. I don't need a boy for this. Her eyes closed as her fingers swirled against her flesh, then she opened them again slowly, disturbed by something that evaded recognition. Black clouds now shrouded the moon and drifted through the chill air into her thoughts: the night had turned suddenly threatening. The cry came again, closer, too close. Her mind struggled to frame ideas. Dead leaves swirled towards her from the shadowy woods, suddenly accelerating from a slow, twisting vortex to whip without warning against her face. Her hand, frozen against her body, touched the only warmth in that night. The chill she now felt spreading came from her core, from her soul. Numbness stole over her body. The cold air was suddenly dry and strangely thick in her throat. Her eyes grew wide and slid slowly sideways, straining to see behind her frozen head. She was no longer alone.

"Becky! Becky?" Ethan's voice came from afar. "Where the hell is she?" With sudden prescience she saw his image; he was leaning back against the bathroom vanity, holding some indistinct head of red hair that bobbed up and down at his crotch. When he threw his head back and his belly spasmed, she could feel the blood pounding in his ears, drowning out her unuttered cries for help. Right here, she thought. Ethan. But he was gazing down in her green eyes, framed by the riotous red hair, watching her smile and wipe off her lips.

The image dissolved as the porch door suddenly began to recede before her eyes. The door she had stepped out minutes before was racing backwards into the night as hundreds of feet of porch decking filled the gap between her feet and the door. The music came to her again, the lyrics, distant, silly, ironic. She slowly experimented with withdrawing her hand from her pants, feeling the reassuring warmth of her body as her hand slipped free. Then strange, cold hands settled imperiously on her hips.  She could not move, but she felt the rippling goose bumps race across her body from where the hands gripped her; she felt the wind chill on the wet fingers of the hand she had just slipped free. Beneath the black moonlight, she felt not heard a slow overwhelming voice like the faintest whisper of the wind in her ear, a voice whose whispered rise and fall seem to beckon her like a lover in the night. She could not move, but her body changed. The heat that the wind had aroused returned, but now she fought the unwanted power that was assuming its own within her. She did not move, but she felt warm blood rush into her cheeks, blood rushing below, swelling tender flesh. Her breasts responded to the wind's caress, growing heavy and firm with hard, pointed nipples. The cold hands slid up over her bare midriff, leisurely cupping her breasts, kneading them through the fabric of her costume, pulling away the gauze that had been her top as though it had been woven of mere cobwebs. Her nipples tightened still further. So now I die. The thought came unbidden but inevitable. 

And then her mind was drained of thoughts. No words came to her mouth. Cold lips were now at her throat, sliding imperiously over the bare flesh of her neck; lips as dead as the hands on her breasts. Ethan! She moved her head sluggishly as though through thick mud, and her eyes seeking the form behind her. Her body was heavy and slow. It could not act on her muddled thoughts. Adrenaline churned in her intestines but she could not escape. There was the fierce, lurid gleam of red eyes and—as the moon escaped the clouds—the chiseled features of a deathless, indifferent face. 

Those eyes held hers, mocking her, flashing hunger. The hand closed like ice on a swollen breast, slowly crushing it in a cruel grip. There was pain, awful pain, but her body took no note and answered the crushing grip with a pearl of moisture seeping out from between her thighs. The dark head moved slowly toward her breast, which now bulged away from the relentless clasp. She watched its slow movements helplessly. The teeth closed on her tender breast, bearing down slowly but with inexorable force on the flesh until pain seared through her white-hot as the flesh gave way and felt the teeth plunge into her soft, warm tissue. Darkness washed over her eyes and she felt a lizard-raspy, cold-lapping tongue, the curious warmth of her blood running in a rivulet through the iron fingers, down her breast, down her belly. Why . . .? But it didn't matter; it was death. Dizziness overtook her and she felt her blood rushing away from her into his unhurried mouth, as though some dark magnetism sucked her blood cells into that everlasting night. Her last thoughts mingled with the black clouds filling her eyes. Her legs melted and her body gave way, dangling limply in the moonlight, suspended from the breast that could not escape and which fed the beast. Then somehow her hair was clenched by the other deathless fingers. A knife rose and fell in the air and a deep, glistening rivulet of blood stained his chest. 

"Drink, my sweet," came a disembodied voice, the slow and mesmerizing whisper in her head that shook off the darkening clouds in her mind. Her throat was suddenly dry and parched, and she found her face pressing against the wound. Then her mouth was at his skin, feeling its icy hardness. She discovered her arms about him and was astonished by the sensation of her still warm lips against the cold hard skin of his abdomen. She tasted the bitter metallic salt of his blood and licked it with her tongue, cat-lapping the ribbon of red into her mouth. Her thirst, newly discovered, was insatiable. Her fingernails sank slowly into his back as she licked wildly at his chest, moving up now with sudden strength to fasten her mouth upon his wound and drink deep the mingled blood of long-forgotten centuries.

 * * *