 Jenna lay in the darkness, too horny to sleep. Forty minutes ago, she had begged Oliver to fuck her, but he had refused. "Come back tonight," he'd invited. 

She had persisted, insisting that she wanted it now. "Just a quickie," she'd begged.

"Won't be that quick," he had warned her. "And it's high summer. Nights are short and the days are long." 

Jenna had been willing to take the risk. Truth be told, she wanted to experience exactly what he was warning her against. She had eventually worn him down and he'd agreed. 

Eagerly, she'd stripped out of her clothes. Oliver ripped his own clothes to shreds, then bent down to the granite floor, slipped his fingers into the small hole, and hoisted a stone slab up and out, revealing the hidden crypt underneath. Jenna climbed down into the hole and lay on her back. Oliver jumped down after her and replaced the stone slab above them, leaving them in the pitch black hole. From above, it was back to being a smooth granite floor. Underneath was a snug dark space the size and shape of a coffin. 

For six hundred years, the vampire currently calling himself Oliver had hidden from the daylight in this tiny hole. Today, Jenna would join him. With sunrise imminent, Oliver wasted no time getting inside the freaky chick. She needed no foreplay. She was wet and ready for him. His cock slid quickly and easily into her waiting cunt.

In the darkness, he fucked her hard and fast. He didn't have time for anything else. And as it turned out, he barely had time for even that. Shuddering and groaning, Oliver poured himself into her. And then the sun rose.

A vampire dies at dawn. His heart stops. He ceases to move or think or live. Jenna was trapped in this pitch black hole with Oliver's corpse. His large body was draped over her, too heavy for her to shift. And his rigid cock was still lodged deep in her pussy. 

Jenna was panting with frustration. She had been seconds away from her own climax when Oliver had died on her. But she didn't really mind. The longer her orgasm was delayed, the more powerful it would be when it finally happened. And this promised to be a very long delay. The summer sun would keep Oliver dead to the world for maybe fifteen hours. That would be a quite a long time to have a man's dick buried in her body. 

He was a big man, in every sense of the word. His bulk was too heavy for her to shift, and there was no possibility, in this cramped space, for her to wriggle free. And that long, thick cock was a peg holding her firmly and inescapably in place. But far from being alarmed or frightened, this was precisely what she'd counted on when she'd begged Oliver to fuck her. 

Hours of penetration, absolute darkness, vampire sex, and the thrilling possibility that she could very well die like this, victim of a bloodsucker, were all working on her, pushing all her erotic buttons.

There was no way to measure time in the crypt. Her watch was up above with her clothes. Ditto her phone. She had no other option but to wait here in Oliver's grave. Yet, even without a way to measure them, the hours passed. Oliver's cock stayed hard and rigid within her, but as his body temperature gradually dissipated, it became a cold, fleshy spike in her sex. 

There was no chance off throwing him off. Oliver's back was right up against the stone slab covering up this hole. But by rocking her hips, Jenna was able to achieve some limited control over the depth of his penetration. She moved him in and out of her, fucking herself on the vampire's dick. 

As the hours ticked by, Jenna started to feel some real fear. What if the magic that enabled a vampire to rise, night after night, was somehow disrupted by the presence of a living human? If Oliver didn't rise, she would be trapped down here. Even if she could somehow free herself from the heavy, penetrating weight of his body, there was still at least a ton of solid granite over her head. 

What if she ran out of air? Oliver had assured her that there were air vents, just in case he needed to stay down here for lengthy periods. But a vampire didn't really need air. Maybe the vents wouldn't be adequate. And this stone coffin was chilly. What if she died of hypothermia? It had been exciting to think about risking her life, but she didn't really want to die.

Or maybe this hadn't been her idea after all. Vampires could control minds, couldn't they? What if Oliver had forced her to beg for this just so he could have a quick and easy snack when he woke up? He was very, very old. He'd killed thousands of humans over the many centuries. What was one more?

But the panic wore out after a while. Jenna fell into a nervous doze. She decided that if she had to die, at least she'd die fucking 

But up above, in the Western sky, the sun began to set. The bottom edge of that fiery disk dipped below the horizon. And deep in Jenna's pussy, the cock twitched

She woke immediately, hopeful and excited. Her cunt waters started flowing in anticipation. The monster's cold, dead heart gave another sluggish beat and Jenna felt him pulse inside her again. 

When sunset reached the halfway point, the vampire took a breath. Its heart was beating slowly but steadily now. And the body above her was starting to warm up. 

Jenna's witch friend had told her that young vampires can warm their cold flesh only by stealing blood from living humans. But older vampires create their own body heat. The vampire covering Jenna was older than London and he was growing heated. 

When the sun disappeared behind the Western mountains, Oliver's eyes snapped open. He was delighted to find himself already in mid-fuck with his most recent human female. "Let's finish this," he growled. 

In the darkness, Jenna could see nothing. But she heard the monster growl and she felt his fingers tighten their grip on her. And she sighed in joy as he started thrusting into her. 

"Oh, yes!" she cried, the sound deafening in the small space. "Fuck me!"

For fifteen long hours, Jenna had been going back and forth to the edge of ecstasy without tumbling. Oliver rushed her back to that edge and shoved her over. She was aware of nothing but his stabbing cock and the waves of pleasure surging through her body. 

"Oh God," she whimpered as the sensations faded. "Jesus Christ, that was good!" 

The vampire hissed as the Holy Names were uttered within his inner sanctuary, where he was most vulnerable. The curse laid upon him all those centuries ago was undone. The young man of 1221 B.C. suddenly felt his age. The millennia caught up with him in a rush. 

Alone in the crypt, covered with the grave dust of a man long dead, Jenna started to scream.