 Iliana stared out at the waves as they build and grew before breaking on the shore. The multitude of colors hidden within their depths always fascinated her. She could see shades of blue, greens and purples blended perfectly into the ocean's majestic beauty. Stepping closer she marveled at how it seemed to be calling out to her, beckoning to her soul. Bending down she picked up several colorful seashells and held them close to her heart. She longed to give into the gentle lulled tugging at her. Her deepest wish was to explore the ocean, to swim along the reefs and dive into the deep sea caverns. Closing her fingers tightly around the shells she wished with all her heart. Smiling to her self, she tossed the shells back into the sea, man did she feel silly. Just as she was about to turn around she heard singing coming from the ocean, soft melodic voices, singing in strange tongues, yet somehow familiar, she found herself humming along to the voices.

"Wake up, Iliana," she heard her mother's voice, as she pulled the covers and tried to snuggle deeper into her bed. Her mother's voice sounded far away, barely a whisper as it faded into the recesses of her dreaming mind. She knew she was dreaming; she had been dreaming the same dream for over a month. Ignoring her mother she clung to her dream forcing her mind to keep contact with her fading subconscious. "Iliana!" The sound of her mother's yelling jolted her with a start. Sitting up in bed, she looked around the room half expecting to find her mother standing over her before yelling back that she was already awake. Looking down at her alarm clock she groaned, the clock read 8:30 a.m., she had stayed awake until 5 a.m. making sure her suitcases were packed before her trip tomorrow. Falling back on the bed she muttered a few curses before dragging herself to the bathroom.

Most of the day had been spent helping her mother run errands, that by the time her best friend Amy texted her inviting her out to a local club, she jumped at the idea. She was thrilled to be able to spend one last night with her friends. Going home she felt bad that she wouldn't be spending her last night with her family but then again she was only leaving for a month maybe two at the most. After taking a long shower she quickly applied mousse to her black hair letting her long soft curls air dry as she expertly applied her eye make up. Going by the aqua green of her short halter dress she decided on blending teal and purple shades on her eyelids with a fine line of black eyeliner just over the rim of her upper lashes, for her lips she chose a coral lip gloss that nearly matched her natural lip color to emphasize the effect of her eyes. Slipping on a pair of strappy brown sandals that wrapped around her tan and shapely calves, she grabbed her purse and headed out to meet her friends. 

***************************************

Nate watched the women on the dance floor. One in particular caught his eye, she was wearing a form fitting aqua colored dress that clung to her full breasts and voluptuous ass, every time she moved the skirt rode up her shapely legs exposing more of her tan thighs. She was with three other women dancing and jumping to the reggaeton beats. He smiled to himself every time she turned down one of the young guys that tried to rub up against her. Who could blame them? With an ass like hers even he was eager to grind and blow his load on it. She had been watching him all night, goading him with her young sensuality. Every time her hands roamed over her full breasts her eyes locked with his and she smiled. At first he thought she was just teasing him but then she allowed one of the guys that had been drooling over her to wrap his arms around her small waist. It infuriated him to see the usurper grind his bulge against her bouncing buttocks but something about the way she sensually moved her body while their eyes locked made his cock twitched, her hips undulated smoothly, almost serpentine as she grinded into her partner. So that was it, he thought as he grinned at her. It gave him a perverse sense of pleasure knowing the little bitch was putting on a show for him. As the song came to an end she excused herself from her friends and headed his way. Drinking the last of his whiskey he put the glass down and decided to walk up to her; it was the chance he had been waiting for. 

As he hurried to meet her, someone pushed him from behind causing him to crash into her. Quickly he reached out to grab her arms to steady her. "Are you alright," he asked her. 

Iliana watched the man standing before her with a critical eye, although she had to admit he was handsome. He was older than the guys who frequented the club, somewhere around his mid thirties, with a tall husky build. He had dark blonde hair which he kept loose and shaggy framing his eyes, his face was a bit scruffy but it did nothing to detract from his sexy grin and hypnotic eyes. She couldn't decide if they were bluish-green or greenish-blue, she just knew they reminded her of the sea. She continued to stare at him, until his lips began to move. Her lips parted into a silent o, before she managed to compose herself. "I'm okay," she said as she looked at his hands still holding her arms.

Letting go of her, he nervously slid a hand across his tousled hair. "I noticed you watching me tonight and I wanted to buy you a drink."

"I guess I can join you but first I have something I need to take care of," she said as she walked off to the ladies room. 

He waited by the entrance to the ladies room, his hands crossed over his chest as he boyishly grinned at her. "Ready for that drink now," he asked her as she stopped before him.

"Um, sure but only one drink alright, I have to get back to my friends."

"Then one drink it is," he said as he wrapped his hand around her waist and guided her to his table. Leading her inside he turned around to signal the bartender to send his usual champagne and strawberry service. Smiling back at her, he pulled the silk tassel that held the curtain up, letting it fall into place shielding them from the rest of the club.

Iliana watched him as he sat across from her, something about the way he looked at her made her body tingle with both nervousness and excitement. "Wow, you must be loaded," she blurted out. It wasn't the smartest thing to say but then again how could she think with all her nerve endings skyrocketing in his presence.

Nate chuckled at her words, "Not really, I just happened to be a good friend of the owner." Taking her hand in his, he softly brushed his fingers over her palm, "Now I believe it is my turn to ask you a few questions," he said.

"Go ahead," she smiled back at him as she entwined her fingers with his. 

"Well first thing first, my name is Nate, what's yours?"

"Iliana," she said.

"I like that. It's a bit exotic just like you."

They continued taking turns asking each other questions that by the time the waitress came around with the wine and strawberries, he had already told her he worked in marketing and she had informed him that she had just earned her Bachelors in Marine Biology and was leaving for a short trip to the reefs in the Bahamas to study before working on her Master's degree. 

Taking the tray from the waitress he placed it on the table. Pulling out his wallet he gave her instructions for them not to be interrupted before giving her a twenty dollar bill. He waited for the waitress to leave before picking up the silk tassel and moving closer to Iliana. "Care to play a game, baby?"

Iliana smiled her most seductive smile as she nodded her head. Standing up she quickly turned around and waited for him to blindfold her. She thought the moment the blindfold was secured he would try to ravage her but instead he moved away. She could hear him popping the cork and pouring the champagne into the flute glasses, then silence again. She was about to reach up to remove the blindfold when she felt his warm breath lightly behind her right ear. He continued to let her feel his warm breath along her neck and shoulder. The intimacy of his closeness had her aching for his touch but still he desisted. Instead he brought up a strawberry to her mouth, softly tracing it back and forth over her lips, letting her feel the cold firmness against her soft pliant lips. Her body began to respond to his soft but swift ministrations; already the sweet contrast of his warm breath and the cold fruit had her nipples hardening under her dress. Moaning softly she parted her lips to take a bite out of the strawberry but again he had other ideas. Pulling the strawberry away he quickly dipped it into one of the champagne flutes before offering it to her once more. Iliana sank her teeth into the succulent fruit and moaned even more at the crisp sweet taste that burst into her mouth. He continued to tease her as he fed her, sometimes even pressing his hardening erection between her ass cheeks. Each time he did so, she pushed back into him achingly. 

Nate smiled as he watched her close her lips around the strawberry, he loved the feel of her tongue as it stroked over his fingertips, and it felt soft and silky smooth. Picking up a flute he brought it to her lips, letting her drink deeply before placing it back on the table. His cock was so hard it was starting to strain against the front of his pants. Pressing up against her he pushed her long hair back over her left shoulder, while his other hand began to loosen the knot holding her dress up at the back of her neck. He needed to taste her, to enjoy what she so deliberately flaunted to him and the other men. Sliding his hands around her he cupped her full breasts, his fingers tightening as he began to squeeze and knead them firmly, making sure to rub his palms over her pebbled nipples before pinching and rolling them between his thumb and forefinger. 

Iliana cried out as his hands began to squeeze her breasts expertly, letting her head fall back to rest on his shoulder, she gave herself to his touch and caresses. He began to trace kisses and bites along her jaw line, neck and shoulders, making her squirm with delight. Every movement of her hips made the fabric rub against her sensitive clit. She could feel her wetness begin to spread and moisten her panty. Taking her hands he placed them on the table as he continued to fondle and caress her. Ileana gasped as he lifted her skirt and pushed her panty aside. She thought he was about to take her just then but again he had other plans. 

He could smell her arousal and it was driving him mad, he wanted to drive deep within her over and over again but he knew he had to keep her crazed with want. Pushing his finger into her opening he began to work her pussy with his index finger, as his thumb brushed and flicked her already engorged clit. He prodded and penetrated her, opening her up for a second finger. Feeling her walls begin to ease he slid his middle finger inside of her. Iliana cried out even more, her walls began to contract and pulse around him. He knew she was closed to reaching her climax, the sloshing and wet sounds coming from her pussy assured him he was correct. Pulling out his fingers he marveled at how slick and wet they were with her juices, before quickly lifting her up on the table and ripping her panty off. Laying her back against the cool table, he parted and spread her legs wider apart. Picking up a strawberry he quickly dipped it into her open slit and circled her clit. Moving his hand slowly up and down, teasing her, forcing her to raise her hips if she wanted to feel more. Every time he coated a strawberry he would eat it and start with another. He had repeated the process five times and each and every time Iliana begged even more. Her whimpers were becoming louder as she succumbed to his domination. Lifting her legs he placed them over his shoulder and slammed his cock deep within her pussy, making her cry out from the force. He was so close to cumming; he didn't know how long he would last. Drilling her pussy he moved in and out, fucking all of himself within her swollen and tight cunt. 

Her body began to writhe on the table as she begged and moaned for him to fuck her. She needed to cum, to feel his hard cock or any other cock deep within her. Calling out his name she reached up for him blindly but he pushed her hands away. She could still feel him, slamming into her; she was so close, just a little longer, she thought, when she felt him explode inside of her, her walls instinctively milking his seed deep into her waiting womb. He laid over her kissing and sucking her breasts fueling her frustration; upset that he left her like that she pulled the blindfold off and climbed off the table. She needed to go home and get herself off! Straightening out her dress, she tied the knot at the back and stormed out of his alcove. 

Nate watched her walk out of the club with her friends and smiled as he noticed her purse still on the chair.

***************************************

Iliana waved goodbye to her friends as they droved off. The night had been almost perfect if not for that jerk, she thought. Taking off her sandals she placed them on the front porch and went to walk along the beach instead.

Nate parked a few yards from her home, he was about to ring the doorbell when he noticed her sandals on the floor. Looking around he spotted her on the beach, her hair was blowing in the wind as she stared out into the waves. He quickly placed her purse by her sandals and walked softly to the beach. Sneaking up behind her he wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her to him. He groaned as his shaft snuggly wedged between her buttocks. "Did you think you could escape me, baby?"

"Why are you here? Haven't you played enough for one night," she asked him.

"We're not done till I say we're done and since you moved you lost. Now I get to do what I want," he growled at her.

His words both scared her and made her pussy ache. She felt her traitorous body begin to respond to his will. What the hell was wrong with her, she wasn't a submissive, she thought. She tried to think rationally but her thoughts were starting to follow her body. Her mind and her body screamed for her to sate her lust. Looking at him, she reached up to undo her dress once again, this time she let it pool at her feet as she stood there naked. Her panty having been lost at the club during their game.

Nate smirked as he watched her stand before him completely naked; grabbing a fistful of her hair he tugged her head back. "This is how you should always be." He crushed her lips hard, with a kiss meant to punish. Gone were the caresses and softness from before. All he wanted was to use her body for his pleasure. Breaking the kiss, he began to trail his tongue down over her cheek and jaw, further still along her neck and chest. Tugging even harder on her hair he forced her to arch her back so that her breasts jutted out. "Mmm... do you have any idea how many times tonight I've wanted to bury my face and cock in these orbs," he asked her. He waited for her whimpered reply before taking one of her nipples into his mouth and suckling on it. 

Iliana cried out the moment his lips closed around her swollen nipples, the hard suction was making her knees buckle. If not for his hand in her hair, she would have collapsed already. He continued to lick, bite and suckle on her nipples voraciously, giving them both the attentions of a starved man. Reaching up she held his face to her chest as he greedily tried to stuff as much of her areola into his hungry mouth. He continued to alternate between sucking and biting, one sent bolts of pain coursing through her while the other nursed and soothed. 

Pushing her back he quickly spun her around and led her to a huge rock on the sand, where he ordered her to bend over and spread her legs apart. Standing behind her he began to slap her ass cheeks roughly, over and over again his hand landed on her flesh. The redder her skin became the faster each slap connected with her skin, once he was satisfied her buttocks were sore he started to knead them hard, letting his fingers sink into her flesh. He could hear her cries of pain but it only spurred him on. Spreading her cheeks apart he dropped to his knees to trail bite marks over her buttocks and pussy lips before driving his tongue deep into her opening, making her cry out with pleasure. For awhile he continued to tongue fuck her creamy opening, slowly sliding his tongue up and down, letting it circle and flick her clit, teasingly drawing it between his lips and sucking firmly. He could hear her moans as he continued to eat her sweet wet cunt. Even with his cum and her flowing juices she still tasted of strawberries! 

Iliana closed her eyes as she felt the first blow of his hand on her ass cheek. She tried to keep silent and just bare it but as more and more connected with her behind, she lost control. Her eyes began to sting with tears she refused to shed, he had told her it was his turn to do what he wanted and he surely was doing that! One moment she was swearing and crying out how much she was going to get even the next he would change his tactics and again she would be moaning and begging him for more. He was driving her crazy! Just when she thought he was going to devour her pussy he spun her around and ordered her on her knees. Staring at his long thick cock standing proudly between his legs, she eagerly complied. Looking up at him she slowly began to lick up and down the underside, letting her tongue run flatly over his rippled shaft. Feeling her soft ministrations Nate closed his eyes and gave himself to the pleasure her mouth was giving him. Her tongue moved over him covering every inch of him with her spit. Pursing her lips together she pressed them to the sweet spot right where the bottom of his head joined the underside. She began to nibble and suck teasingly, letting her teeth scrape lightly as she moved lower, her fingers closing around his girth, stroking him firmly while she flicked her tongue over his sac. She wanted to please him, to drive him just as mad as he had done to her. She began to part her lips wide to draw his sac into her mouth. Closing her eyes, she began to teabag him as her hand stroke him firmly, which pleased him. Feeling his cock begin to twitch, she looked up at his closed eyes and quickly allowed her forked tongue to lash around him, drawing him into her hungry mouth. 

Nate opened his eyes as he felt her silk tongue wrap around him almost snakelike, but seeing her mouth stuff with his cock pushed all thoughts from his mind but one. Roughly he grabbed a hold of her head and forced his sac into her mouth, holding her head in place until she began to gag and cough for air. He repeated his motions a few more times before he pushed his shaft into her mouth. It didn't matter to Iliana that he was roughly fucking her mouth. She loved sucking cock; it made her so hot to drive him wild with her mouth. Her teeth lightly scraped his rod as he piston his hips against her face, forcing her to take him deeper. She knew what he wanted, so she began to relax her throat muscles, taking him completely down her throat. In and out, back and forth he continued to thrust into her mouth, pushing his cock deeper within her throat as his sac slapped hard against her chin. Iliana felt like her head was about to snap off when he stopped and pulled out of her mouth. Pulling her back up he turned her around to bend over the rock again.

"I want to blow my load so badly on your face and mouth but first I have another hole to fill up," he said as he spread her ass cheeks apart and enter her from behind. "Damn all your holes are tight," he said as he started to thrust within her forcing half his cock pass her anal ring. This was his promised land, looking down he grinned, if only those guys could see how good my cock looks embedded deep within her big round ass. Grunting loudly he pushed the rest of his cock into her ass. The sight was strong enough to intoxicate his senses, he didn't care that she was squirming under him. Her ass was made to be fucked by him, all he wanted was to stretch and fill her bowels with his seed. "Your ass is mine, bitch. All mine," he yelled as he moved his hips back and forth. He was determined to mark her as his whore! His hands reached around her to fondle her breasts and rub her clit. He wanted her to cum at his command to prove what a dirty slut she was. His right index finger stroked lightly under her clit, eliciting a low guttural moan from her. That was the key to her obedience he thought as he continued to stroke lazily back and forth. "I want you to cum, do you hear me you little cunt?"
