 I pause before going into the cemetery. I am on my own my coven has refused to back me in this. I know it's wrong but I love Damien Cross with all of my heart. His death has left an emptiness inside me that is slowly killing me. Tonight is all hallows eve. I should be dancing naked under the moon with the rest of my coven and celebrating the crones. Instead, I am about to raise my husband from the dead for one more night of loving. It has been a year since he died and I crave his cock so much that I'm willing to do black magic just to feel that beautiful dick of his abusing my greedy cunt.

I take a deep breath and continue inside. I stop before his grave dropping to my knees. It has been a while since I have been here. A few months to be exact I had been coming every day, but it got to be too painful. Each time I came here a little more of me died. My coven had tried to help by including me more, but it hadn't really helped nothing could except having Damien back in my arms. They had finally left me alone turning a blind eye to the fact that I spent all my time in the high priestess's massive library. They thought that spending all my time there was better than the alternative of me spending all my time at Damien's grave. 

They had been wrong and should have stopped me; because it was there that I found the forbidden section of the High Priestess library. Although we only practice white magic, every coven has the means to fight black magic if white magic didn't help. We all knew that it existed but none of us knew exactly where it was located. It hadn't seemed to matter; all of us had been content with white magic. None of us wanted to risk our souls with anything in those books. I guess that's why High Priestess Harmony didn't spell the books to be hidden from view. I am glad that she didn't because I found the spell needed to bring my love back from the grave. I had been so excited that I had approached my coven for help. They had been shocked and refused to aid me. Harmony had even finally spelled the black magic books so I couldn't find them again, but it was too late I spent a lot of time memorizing those spells. They are ingrained in my mind and tonight I'm using the most dangerous one of all. Glancing down I read the inscription once again.

 Damien Landon Cross

1982-2016

Beloved husband of Shayla Smith Cross 

Ripped from my arms too soon,

But never from my heart, may God hold you in his sweet embrace until we meet again.