 The Codex Il Malvagio sat on a fine wood stand amid a circle of black silk and sumptuous pillows. The thick book was worn leather and aged yellow pages. Nona was careful not to bump it as blood red petals fell from her hand. She finished her round, and lit a heady incense of deep sandalwood, carnal musks, and heady spices. Fragrant smoke curled up from the little pot on the book stand. The Witching Hour was nearly upon them. 

Matthew watched Nona from the other side of the circle. Her lithe silhouette showed through her sheer, silken robe. Nona's breasts swayed softly as she turned towards him and held out her hands. 

"Come here." Nona purred. 

Her eyes glimmered with the promise of something sensuous and mysterious. Matthew smiled wickedly and took her hands. 

"Gladly" 

It had been a while since they delved into something dark, something forbidden. S&M and bondage were passé, swinging and threesomes were boring. Nothing seemed to move them lately. The Codex was a glimmer in their jaded decadence—they'd gone to a lot of trouble to steal it. 

Nona pulled Matthew over the petal circle and into the center with her. He kissed her, greedy to feel her lips on his. His hands bunched and curled against diaphanous silk, impatient to get at her soft flesh. 

"Matthew", Nona mumble between his kisses, "The ritual... Did you bring it?" 

He nipped at her soft lips before he pulled away. From his robe he took a small, amber vial. 

"A treat for my sweet." Matthew said. Nona tried to grab it from him but he pulled it away. She tensed, anxious to begin the rite. 

"Stop it", she hissed softly. "I'm not in the mood for your tricks, Matthew!" 

"I know what you're in the mood for..." 

Matthew kissed Nona hard as her hand sought the vial. He held onto it while she tried to pry it out of his fingers. His cock twitched impatiently as she pressed against him. 

"You're such a tease." Nona muttered against his lips. 

The vial slipped free and she plucked it out of Matthew's hand. Nona uncapped it and a spicy, pungent scent drifted out. Her eyes drifted closed as she savored the aromatic oil. It sparked a warmth deep inside her. 

"Did you make it right?" 

"Just the way the Codex said." 

Nona set the oil on the stand. The clock on the wall softly chimed midnight. She turned the thin parchment pages until she came to one that said Tantra di Cattiveria, The Dark Tantra, penned in dark, rusty Italian. 

Matthew sauntered behind and put his arms around her. She could feel him already hard against the small of her back. 

"I want to bend my little witch over this book stand." he growled softly. 

Matthew's hand wove into her dark blonde hair and pulled her head aside. Nona could feel his warm breath on her skin. He nipped at her neck, her ear... 

"Patience, Matthew." Nona chuckled and pushed him away. 

The clock chimed again—it was time. 

"Paint my Star upon thy brow", Nona said as she started to read the ritual. "Submit unto Me and bring thy lust as an offering."

Matthew couldn't resist the sultry lure of her voice. His hands glided over the silk of her robe and he felt her nipples harden. He grasped a breast in each hand and gently squeezed. Nona pushed back and he growled softly. 

"Whosoever invokes My Name shall be showered with pleasures untold." she gasped, as she grew grew wet with each word. "For mine is the kingdom of excess and mine is the infernal passion. Know my commandment: Revel in flesh and sate thy beast, for my will is wrought in you and poured on the earth!" 

Matthew couldn't wait any longer. He grabbed the vial, turned Nona and anointed her. The viscous red liquid smelled of sweet funereal flowers underscored with flinty brimstone. It sent a stab of lust through them and Matthew traced a seven pointed star on Nona's forehead. Pleasure lanced through her and she gasped. The crimson star on her brow gave off a faint glow. "Ia heket Lilitu", Matthew husked as his hand found his way into Nona's robe.

"My will is Lilith's!" Nona moaned

She felt Matthew caress her swollen lips, and cried out when he stroked a finger hard inside her. 

"Ia ekeph Lilitu."

"My body is Lilith's!" 

Matthew smiled wickedly as he pulled Nona down on the silk. Her body was flushed and the sweet tang of her musk made him want to devour her. He laid her out like a profane sacrifice across the pillows and tore away her robes. Matthew's hot mouth suckled her pert breast and trailed down to the cusp of her belly...

"Matthew", she growled, "I need you inside me! I need to come!" 

Nona was delirious with a strange hunger as she desperately pulled aside his robes. She couldn't bear the pressure of her arousal. It was going to crush her if she couldn't have Matthew's cock now. Her nails raked across his back, demanding that he submit to her desire. 

"Yes!" Mathew hissed as he thrust into Nona. 

Nona screamed and the star burned bright crimson on her forehead. Her body flexed to take as much of him as possible. Nona's lengthening legs wrapped around his to pull him even closer. 

"Faster!" Nona snarled, "Harder!"

Matthew felt her nails dig into him again. They were sharper now, more claw-like, as they scored his flesh. He cried out in pleasure and pain and thrust deeper still. 

"Nona", he moaned as looked down on her, "what are you—"

Nona's eyes went steely black, her hair darkened to bloody red and little nubs of black horn pushed through her flesh. 

"Nona!"

Matthew tried to pull away but Nona rolled her hips and tightened her legs around him. Dark laughter bubbled up from her and he could see the glint of fangs in the candlelight. 

"Oh god" Matthew moaned, "what... what the hell?!"

"Isn't this what you wanted?" the Nona-thing chuckled. "Indescribable pleasures, lusts fulfilled?"

Matthew struggled to pull out of her, but she gripped his cock so hard that it was painful to move unless she allowed it. 

"There's no use struggling", she grinned. "It's been a time since I've had a tasty mortal morsel." 

The demoness grabbed Matthew by the hair and jerked his head down. He screamed and nearly came when she sank her fangs into his neck. She kissed and nipped at his lips and Matthew tasted the copper tang of his own blood. 

"Call my name!"

Claws tore down his shoulders. 

"Call it!" 

"Lilith!" 

The demoness arched against Matthew. With unnatural strength, she rolled him onto his back. Lilith laced her pale hands in with his and pinned him to the black silk. 

"Sweet mortal..." Lilith purred as she rocked her hips. "Pleasure me!"

Matthew stared up at her, his terror and arousal one. Lilith's murky, black eyes entranced him. There was nothing left of Nona in them at all; Lilith's will consumed her. 

"Give it to me!" Lilith sang.

Matthew cried out as she grasped his raw shoulders. The torture of the demoness' claws made Matthew ache to come. He grabbed Lilith's slender hips and thrust hard and blind inside her. She howled and his shoulders cracked where she gripped him. 

Pain and pleasure, terror and lust, blended into terrible ecstasy. Matthew wanted to die, just as much as he wanted it to never end. 

"Lilith!" Matthew shrieked in awful pleasure, "Lilith!" 

Lilith savored the terrible sound of her name before she silenced Matthew with a hard kiss. She tasted the sweetness of his life's essence as she gorged herself on him. 

Matthew started to wither as her hips worked faster and faster. She tore her lips away and he babbled incoherent praises and blasphemy. He was completely lost now, driven by the need for blessed release. 

Lilith growled in feral pleasure as she ground her hips against Matthew. Her body tensed and shook and she let out an unholy shriek when she came. Matthew's cock burst inside Lilith as she clenched around him. She crushed his pelvis with a final thrust and claimed the last of his spirit through his release. 

Crimson wings unfurled around Lilith, as she sat astride him. She relished her infernal afterglow while he twitched beneath her. 

"Simply delicious..." Lilith smiled deviously as she caressed Matthew's once handsome, wasted face. 

She watched the light in his eyes go out as she licked his blood off her claws and pulled herself off him. Lilith rose, rejuvenated, and kicked Matthew aside. She took the Il Malvagio off its stand and looked back at the gibbering, dead-eyed husk. 

"...but not very filling." 

Lilith still hungered as she sauntered over to the balcony doors of the penthouse and opened them. The night air was full of the luscious scent of decadence and flesh and corruption. 

"This is my world now." Lilith murmured. "No book shall ever hold sway over me again." 

The strongest tang of lust drew Lilith's attention and she dove into the night in search of her next feast.