 Kendra Daniels looked around for what must have been the hundredth time. She felt uneasy and she had told her friends that this was a bad idea, but they hadn't listened. The closer they got to the old abandoned house the more uneasy she felt. She shivered as she felt eyes watching her, and she knew they didn't belong to Chad. She couldn't do it, there was no wat she was going inside that house. She turned to leave but she felt Chad as his arms grabbed her.

"And just where do you think you are going?"

"I can't do this Chad. I can't go in that house. There is something really wrong here, I can feel it. Can't you feel it Chad?"

"Come on Kendra, it's just a house. Your father and his so called paranormal friends have just scared you with stupid stories. You are just letting your imagination work overtime, and the fact that it's Halloween doesn't help. Josh and the others will be here soon. Now let's go check it out."

"I don't know Chad I have heard stories about this place and not just from my dad. They say it's a gateway to hell. Not even my dad or his team can do anything about. It's All Hallows Eve the night of the dead can walk the earth, and I'm sure the gateway will open."

"You know what you scare too easy Kendra. Like I said it's only a house maybe one that needs to be torn down, but still only a house. It's only one night. We're going to drink and have a good time and leave first thing in the morning. We will prove to everyone that the stories are only made up urban legends to scare people."

"Dammit Chad we should be going to the Halloween Party on campus instead of being here. It just doesn't feel right. People have went into that house and never came out, good people including a couple of my father's best investigators. What if that happens to us Chad? I don't want to die in that house."

"Kendra you're being silly. None of that shit is true. It's made up bullshit to keep people away. I don't believe in ghosts or any of that shit. Your father is only trying to keep you from following in his footsteps. His career choice is what made your mother leave and never look back."

"My mother didn't walk out on us, this fucking house took her. My father wouldn't lie about that. Yes the paranormal frightens me, but I'm getting my degree in Psychology with a minor in Parapsychology. I will be a Paranormal Investigator like my parents. I'm learning a lot that will help my dad in the future. I can't let him lose me to this place too."

"The paranormal doesn't exist Kendra. Your father is chasing a dream. This house didn't take your mother. 

The whole town knows your mom left the business and begged your dad to get out of as well. She just left and your aunt and grandparents have told you all this. Why can't you just believe them? You aren't sensitive to spirts either. They don't exist, I wish that Professor and your dad would quit filling your head with lies."

"You are wrong Chad, and after tonight maybe you will believe too. You are smart Chad and my dad could really use someone like you on his team."

"I'm not going to work for your dad Kendra. I'm getting a real career in Psychology. We have eight months until graduation and then I'll be able to open my own practice. I hope you come to your senses and come work with me. Can we drop all this crazy talk? I just want to party and have fun. I don't want to deal with all this right now."

Kendra started to say something but was drowned out by the loud music filling the air. There friends had arrived.

"Don't worry Kendra I won't let anything happen to you. You are my girl and I promise to stick close to you. Tomorrow we will laugh about this." Chad grabbed a Kendra's hands and pulled her close. His mouth touched hers in a tender kiss coaxing his tongue inside, but before she could lose herself in the feelings that Chad always evoked in her there friend Josh, bumped into them knocking them apart. 

"Come on you guys, get a room or knock it off and help carry this stuff inside. Fucking can come later that is if Kendra isn't too scared to stay."

"That isn't funny Josh this place is bad news, but against my better judgment I'm going in but there is something I have to do first."

"You guys go ahead and start setting up I'm going to stay with Kendra."

"Whatever man girlfriend or not I told you not to bring her. She is going to bring the party down with all her crazy talk."

"Just go Josh. Give us a few minutes. She is cool and you know that."

Nodding his head he left them alone. Josh and the others began carrying bags into the house. Kendra took out her cell and dialed his number he answered on the third ring.

"Hello."

"Hi daddy, I just wanted to call and let you know that I love you."

"What's wrong Kendra? I can hear it in your voice, something isn't right."

"I'm at the old Marshall place with some friends. We're going to spend the night and if we don't make it out I just wanted you to know how much I love you. Maybe I'll find mom maybe I won't. I just wanted to hear your voice one last time daddy."

"Kendra no, don't go inside that house. It killed your mother. Kendra its evil you and your friends need to get away from there immediately. You kids have no idea what that house is like it will trap you and never let you leave."

"I'm sorry daddy. I know it's a bad idea but I will be okay. I'll call you tomorrow. I love you."

"Kendra please don't go in there, especially tonight. The gateway will open and be stronger than ever."

"I'm sorry dad I got to go my friends are waiting. Bye dad."

"Kendra wait!"

It was too late she had hung up before he could choke out the words "I love you." Grabbing Chads hand she walked slowly to the house, stopping at the open door. Her feet felt frozen where she stood. She had felt braver about going into the house but again she wasn't sure. She couldn't get her feet to move it felt as though something wanted her to stay out. Kendra couldn't help but wonder if it was her mother warning her to stay out. She took a deep breath but still her feet wouldn't move.

"Chad I can't go in there. Something is trying to keep me out."

"Nothing but your own fear keeping you Kendra. It will be okay I promise. Just trust me."

Looking into Chads eyes Kendra knew she could trust him with her life. She also knew that he would give his life to save hers. Gripping his hand tight she felt whatever had been holding her back break away and she stepped into the house with Chad. She immediately knew it had been a mistake the house felt sinister. Kendra suddenly felt as if her and her friends would never be allowed to leave. They had to get out while they still could before it was too late. Chills crept through her as the door slammed shut and when she tried to open it, it refused to open. It was official they were trapped. No matter how hard she tried the door wouldn't open. Her friends all tried but still the door wouldn't budge. Kendra fell to her knees her small frame wrecked with sobs as she glared at each of her friends before speaking.

"I told all of you that this was a bad idea but none of you would listen to me. Look at us now stuck in here with whatever evil dwells in here. We will never be able to leave here."

"Clam down Kendra there is a reasonable explanation for this. It's an old house and the door is probably just stuck because it doesn't get used. We will get it open tomorrow when we are ready to leave, but right I say we do what we came here to do and that's party."

"You're wrong Josh tomorrow will be too late, we will all be dead. It will be a miracle if we do survive the night. I just don't trust this place."

Kendra's friend Ashley, walked over to the door and tried again, this time the door opened. "See Josh is right it's just an old house and the door was only stuck. Come on Kendra lets go have some fun."

"Maybe you're right Ash. Let's party I'm not gonna let my fear control the rest of the night. I don't want to ruin tonight for everyone." She glanced at the open doorway and she suddenly wasn't as scared as before, when the door shut again she had faith that it would open back up in the morning. She followed the others further into the house. She set her fears aside and grabbed her a glass and poured her a drink. Fireball Whiskey was just the liquid courage she needed. Kendra had downed four glasses before she realized she had more than just a buzz. She finished off the little left in her glass and set it down and let Chad know she was going to search for a bathroom. Luckily it didn't take long to find one and she stumbled in, more drunk than she realized she fumbled with her zipper trying to get her jeans down. As she sat the room began to spin and she knew she probably shouldn't have drank so much. She had never been one to handle alcohol very well. She looked around the bathroom and noticed what looked like a new roll of toilet paper. It struck her as strange, but she decided not to let it freak her out. She went to reach for it when it felt as if something grabbed her wrist. Kendra tried to scream but was froze her mouth open but no sounds would come 

"Kendra, Kendra what a pretty pussy you have."

What the hell was going on she couldn't move and now a voice coming from the toilet. She knew she was going insane. She suddenly felt the strangest feeling, a warm, tingling sensation working its way through her body. She was more aroused then she ever had been in her life. She needed to be fucked. Her folds were being splayed apart by whatever demonic force lay within the toilet. Kendra clutched the sides of the toilet as whatever it was made its way inside her. She could hear the sounds as it licked and sucked and pulled her juices from her. She pushed down and twisted her body needing to feel it deeper, she didn't care what it was she just hoped it never stopped. Her pussy had never endured such pleasure. Kendra moved her body up and down as it grew longer and harder inside her. She began screaming obscenities as it plunged deeper into her fucking her with violent thrust but she couldn't stop her own body from thrashing down taking it as far as she could. Her body started convulsing as her orgasm came fast and hard and she rode it until her body had nothing left. It was then her body began to burn. 

What had been pleasure suddenly turned into the most intense pain she had ever felt before. She felt a warm, sticky substance and when she looked at her thighs all she could see was red. Blood. She put her hand between her thighs and when she pulled it back it was soaked in blood. A scream tore from her throat as another pain ripped through her body this one worse than the last. She felt as if something was ripping her insides apart. The pain became so intense that she could no longer focus. One last scream and then darkness claimed her.

Kendra opened her eyes and looked around, she was still in the bathroom but she was laying on the floor. She reached between her thighs but felt nothing. She was confused but then realized it had to be the liquor. She was almost certain she had felt the most intense orgasm of her life. The pain, blood and even the orgasm must have been a drunken haze. She didn't feel drunk anymore but she did feel different. The house no longer scared her. She actually felt free. She looked in the mirror and scowled at her appearance. She took the band from her hair and shook it out. A wave of her hand her shirt changed to a low cut tank that had her breast practically spilling out of. Something she knew Chad would hate but she didn't care. If it wasn't Chads cock she fucked it damn sure would be someone's. She was in the mood to fuck and fuck she would. She smiled as she left to join the others. Kendra was ready to party and the others wouldn't know what hit them.

"Kendra where have you been? I think you may have been right we have been hearing some weird shit. I'm thinking maybe we should leave."

"Oh Josh I was wrong there isn't a thing wrong with this house, and we aren't going anywhere. I'm ready to party Josh are you?"

Kendra reached for a bottle of vodka turning the bottle up almost emptying it. She straddled Josh and began stroking his cock through his jeans. She could feel it harden and she started licking her lips.

"Come on Josh don't ruin the party. I can tell Little Joshey wants to come out and play with me. I'm gonna suck your cock and drink your cum and then you are gonna fuck my pussy. Ummm and after you fill me with your load you're gonna eat it out of me. Doesn't that sound like fun?"

"What about Chad."

"Chad, Chad, Chad. I am so sick of hearing about Chad. Fuck Chad. Chad can't even fuck. I need a real man Josh. Are you a real man Josh?"

Josh nodded as he locked eyes with her. Unable to move or say a word as Kendra removed his clothes. She was on her knees taking his cock into her mouth.

He knew it was wrong but her mouth felt to fucking good to stop her. Her head bobbed up and down taking him down her throat. Her lips gripped his cock tighter and her mouth worked harder sucking him with such force he knew it wouldn't be long before he was filling her mouth. He opened his eyes and noticed Doug and Jake standing naked bedside Kendra, and as her mouth stroked his cock her hands were stroking theirs. Finally Josh growled as he spurted in her mouth. She held his cock and continued to suck until she had drained him. Kendra then stood up licking him from her lips as her eyes locked with Ashley and Trish who were huddled in the corner. Her body began to move to the music they had playing as she danced her way to the girls. With a wicked smile she slipped a finger inside her wet cunt, pulling Ashley close she traced her lips with the same finger prying them apart she slide her finger inside Ashley's mouth. Their eyes locked and Ashley no longer had control of her body. Her lips met Kendra's in a kiss that was raw and intense. Kendra looked up and at Trish and their eyes locked as Kendra pushed Ashley back and let her lips find Trish. Ashley came in behind Kendra wrapping her arms around her and letting her tongue trail down her back and over her ass. Ashely got down on her knees and Kendra spread her legs as Ashley's tongue found and began sucking on her swollen folds. Trish's mouth was busy sucking on Kendra's swollen peaks as Ashley's tongue probed the depths of her wet pussy. 

Chad had left the others in search of Kendra who he thought had been gone too long. Maybe she had gone to check out the house, but he wished she would have took him. He swore he heard his name being called from behind the door in front of him. It sounded like Kendra, but when he opened it he knew he had been wrong. It was a woman more beautiful than he had ever seen before laying naked on the bed. She motioned for him to join her and he couldn't resist. He could feel himself being drawn to her. He knew he was supposed to be doing something but he couldn't for the life of him remember what it was. All he knew was that he wanted to fuck the lovely creature that was before him. He stripped his clothes off and climbed on the bed. His body started to tremble as she raked her long nails down his cock. It was something in her eyes that was drawing him in almost as if is body was not his own. She overpowered him flipping him onto his back, straddling him urging his cock inside her. She rode his cock hard and fast taking him to the hilt. Chad could feel his cock being sucked in deeper and deeper as if she had no ending. Chills rushed through his body as she thrashed up and down on him. The laughter coming from her was evil and demonic as her facial features turned from that of a beautiful woman to that of a demon. Horns started protruding from her head. Chads eyes widened as her nipples flowered opened and tongue like tentacles flew out, wrapping tightly around his wrist. The creatures' mouth opened and her long tongue snaked out forcing its way inside Chads mouth. Chad could feel his insides burning and being pulled apart as her tongue slid down his throat and into his stomach. Fear gripped him as he could feel his life being drained from his body. He could taste the blood as it pooled in his mouth and trickled down his chin. The room echoed with laughter as Chad's body lay lifeless. The creature leaped from the bed, glancing in the mirror she shook her hair and once again was a beautiful woman. She left the room following the sounds of music and with an appetite that was still raging. She hoped the others were as young and tasty. 

The scent of blood filled the air as she entered the room. Her hunger intensified as she searched for someone to feed on. She stepped over Jake's body and made her way to the boy crouched in the corner crying. She knelt down pulling his face to meet hers, and their eyes locked, and Doug was no longer afraid. Their lips met and the kiss fueled his desire to fuck, he needed to fuck her. He pushed her onto the floor as his cock rammed into her cunt with violent thrusts. Doug looked into her eyes and seen the hollow, black pits and her long tongue flew out. He was able to get a scream out before her tongue invaded his mouth with blunt force. He could the burning as his insides were being eaten.

Ashley heard the screams and knew she needed to help him but Kendra had her trapped between her legs.

"Forget about him bitch, he is already dead, and I'm not finished with you yet." Kendra pushed Ashley's face deeper into her cunt. "That's right lick my pussy Ashley. I know you have always secretly wanted to taste me, and you're so good at it. Suck my clit, so I can cum in that pretty mouth of yours."

Ashley sucked her clit as told. She had never eaten pussy before but there was something about Kendra that made her not be able to help herself. Her pussy was slick and wet, and she loved how it tasted. It wasn't Doug's screams that stopped Ashley this time but someone beating on the front door, and then the crash that tore through the house. The lights flashing through the house and the voices, and Kendra's name being screamed.

"In here Dale. What in the name of God happened in here?" Franks light shined through the room, there was so much blood. He seen Jake's body and then the demon creature who had Doug pinned to the floor. He could feel nausea twisting in his stomach. It was when he seen his daughter and Ashley that the real nausea began. "What in the fuck is going on here?"

Ashley could feel the arms as they pulled her from Kendra and tossed her into another set of arms.

"What is it Frank?"

"I don't fucking know. Just take Ashley and get her out of here now. I'll get Kendra."

Dale stood frozen as the demon creature rose growling and hissing.

"What the fuck!"

"Get out of her now Dale. Go goddammit!"

Dale ran from the house with Ashley as Frank turned to face the demon. Her tongue lashed out slapping Frank's face. He turned his head knowing better than to look into her eyes.

He reached and pulled his gun from its holster, firing one shot the demon shrieked back. Kendra was smiling up at her dad as he bent to pick her up.

"You want to eat my pussy and fuck me too daddy?"

Frank scooped her up and Kendra starting kicking and hissing but he didn't stop. He ran for the door stepping across the threshold she jumped from his arms. She bent over screaming in pain that echoed through the air. Coughing and retching until the slug like creature fell from her mouth, growling and hissing as it slithered its way back inside the house. Frank grabbed his daughter and they ran from the house not stopping until they see Dale and Ashley. Dale pointed back towards the house.

"Frank, what is that?"

They all looked back as a black cloud hovered above the house. Thunder louder than any they had ever heard tore from the cloud. Lightning bolts striking the house. The ground began to shake and started opening up where the house stood, sucking it under. They could hear the sirens and see the flashing lights in the distance as they stood and watched the house disappear into the ground. Kendra and Ashley looked at one another neither remembering what had happened inside.