 Terra marvelled at the fact that one of the most powerful demons on earth that could easily if she wanted kill each sovereign in the different regions, had succumbed to Simon and was snuggling next to the new demon lord.

Cara spoke calmly while looking in the rear view mirror directly at Simon "The clean-up team has just reached Wolverhampton. They have already begun what is your wish in regards to Batherox and Azrial's bodies?" 

Simon thought about this before replying "Send Tristan's body to the mansion as it will be placed in the hall of fallen lords underneath his statue and dispose of Batherox's body however you see fit." Cara nodded realising that Simon had access to Tristan[s memories. 

Cara instructed Terra to dial the number and place the phone on speaker phone. Terra complied placing the phone on the car dashboard in the phone holder while it was on speaker mode, Cara spoke to the leader of the clean-up team instructing them what Simon instructed Cara. 

30 minutes later 

Cara pulled into a petrol station to fill the petrol tank up to the brim so they could continue on their journey to Leeds, Simon opted to do this as he and Cara left the car to fill it Terra and Madison could talk Simon was slightly worried at this but not enough to cause him to head back to the car. 

As Simon and Cara went to pay for the petrol Simon got some insight as to what he was going into. So while him and Cara was in the queue waiting to be served Simon went about asking and getting answers to some of his questions. 

"All the demons that joined us what were the amount that was Tristan's before I took over from him?" Simon asked Cara in a whisper so no one else in the queue could hear the private conversation. 

"All of them were Tristan's though a few wrath demons say sense in their stubborn ways and joined you." Cara replied as honestly as she could to his question. 

"Was Madison telling the truth back in Wolverhampton when she said she was faithful to Tristan?" was Simon's next question, the pair still speaking in a whisper. 

"There was some truth in what she told you, she was faithful to Azrial when he was just starting out being a demon lord but she was the peace keeper throughout his reign as she liaised with other lords to keep him safe." Cara answered 

"Good to know I have a peace keeper on side, what is the higher learning school that you and Tristan presented to the security back at the college?" 

"it is one of the many companies Azrial started to advance demon knowledge further, it has creditability among humans but none know what it actually is." 

With that answer the queue had been served meaning that it was Cara and Simons turn to be served, they advanced on the counter telling the attendant the pump number they were at after they picked up 4 bottles of water for the long journey. 

Cara paid for the supplies and the petrol they left the petrol station as Simon approached the car he got in the back passing two bottles of water to Terra and Cara in the front compartment. 

He passed one of the two remaining bottles to Madison as she placed the bottle of water down the side of the back seat where they was a cup holder. Simon looked down the side of the back seat his side also noticing that there was a cup holder placing the bottle of water in the holder on his side. 

He began to ask his three companions the questions he had since he found out his was half demon, Simon started with "Tell me what you can about my mum Ella?" he asked keeping a calm voice. 

Cara was the first to reply with the answer 

"Ella was a succubus that fought against everyone back at the sovereign court when Azrial became a demon lord she annihilated more demons then Azrial or Lady Ivy did though she didn't leave herself anytime to absorb their power, instead she moved quickly from one target to another. That day she gained the title Slayer of Demons. 

When we returned from the sovereign court she resumed her duty which was researcher and scientist, at the request of Azrial of course. It was her role to determine how to create new ways to manipulate a demon form to grow new appendages or new body parts altogether, similar to the tentacles you have she was researching how to do it though that particular research she never shared with anyone. 

She sometimes would go into the public to gather resources for her experiments that's where she met your human father, from then on she kept all her research secret no one saw any results from her then she told Azrial that she wanted to give up everything for this human. He gave her a conditional offer if she gave him 3 important pieces of research that he could apply then she was free to go. 

The three pieces that she gave him were being able to grow a tentacle as there was only enough liquid left to grow 1, the second being able to possess someone and maintain their demon form though that process Azrial used and the final piece was how to fly into people or demons literally as a mean of killing them. She was let go after that." 

This knowledge put some of the memories in the vial and that Tristan had into perspective especially the memory of Tristan changing bodies from one that he had for centuries and suddenly becoming younger.

Simon was intrigued in trying this out but he realised that he won't be able to prove to the other demons that he is now the lord if he changes his body. Simon knew he had a safety net and a way to have fun or even interrogate people, he wanted his companions to have the same safety net.

Without warning he inserted tentacles into their heads as he shared this knowledge knowing that the safety net would be sufficient in case they needed to disappear or update their appearances couple of hundred years. As he withdrew his tentacles he decided to have some fun. 

He let 10 tentacles emerge from his body before he told Cara to "Pull over as soon as it is possible and when it's safe to do so." Cara looked in the rear view mirror before she caught Simon's eye which was filled with desire.

Cara did as she was instructed pulling into a motorway service station, though it didn't bother them that the whole area was well lit as the windows were tinted as well as the car being soundproof. 

Once Cara pulled the car into a free parking space she secured the car before turning back alongside Terra who looked back at Simon waiting for an explanation as to why he ordered to stop. 

"Terra, Cara come into the back with me and Madison so we can have some fun." Simon just merely said to his companions in the front. 

Both Cara and Terra knew what might happen as they saw his tentacles so did Madison, when Cara and Terra exited the car only to re-emerge a few seconds later in the back alongside Simon and Madison. 

They all waited for Simon to tell them what he was going to do, he spoke no words though all his companions noticed that Simon was moving some of his tentacles towards Terra and Cara they saw this and quickly stripped themselves taking care not to rip their clothes. while no tentacles moved towards Madison though she took off her clothes too being careful not to rip any items of her clothing. 

While Simon mentally instructed his tentacles to go into Terra and Cara's anus and pussy while steadying them by wrapping a tentacle around each ankle and sending the last 2 tentacles to go into Terra and Cara's mouth this occupied all 10 tentacles.

While he tentacle fucked Terra and Cara, this left his arms and face free to fuck Madison. Simon took Madison's right hand in his while both Cara and Terra moaned as the tentacles went as far as his cock could while the tentacles in their pussies found their G-spots which brought a lust filled moan from both Terra and Cara. 

Both Simon and Madison revelled in the lust that Simon was causing Terra and Cara which was sating their hunger enough for them not to go out hunting, Simon gentle pulled Madison onto his lap facing him while he freed his cock from his trousers. 

This brought a purr from Madison when she saw his 7 inch cock which she took straight away in her pussy eager to get his cock in her both as the new demon lord taking over from Azrial and as her boyfriend. 

Madison did all the work in this fuck, she was specifically gyrating her hips and lifting up off his lap enough for just the tip of his cock to remain in her before dropping all the way down taking his entire cock in her pussy.

This combo of actions was making Simon's cock to become erect as it slowly reached the full 20 inches in size, this brought a grunt from Madison before she gasped out "How big is your cock?" while she was pulling out obviously aware that Simon was almost read to cum. 

Simon replied "20 inches in length and slim." Even Simon was grunting at this point, he heard the popping sound as his fully erect cock became free from Madison's pussy he could feel that he was ready to cum. 

Simon withdrew his tentacles from Terra and Cara who both let out a disappointed moan, though they noticed that the tentacles that were in their mouths were just hovering there as they both left their mouths open waiting for the cum. 

Madison also took her place in front of Simon's cock with her mouth open, while he stroked his cock feeling the orgasm approaching. At this point all the tentacles that were out had re arranged themselves so 5 tentacles were pointing at Terra and the rest were pointing at Cara.

The first thing to cum was Simon's cock as he plastered Madison's face with his seed as he redirected his cock so each stream would go into her mouth. After the first jet of cum Simon's tentacles started to cum which all at the same time. 

His tentacles covered Terra and Cara's face while the resulting streams started to cover their chests, by this point Simon was delivering his second stream to Madison who swallowed as quick as she could as more streams were coming from his cock. 

Madison realised that this would happen for a long length of time so she grabbed Simon's cock and stuffed her mouth over it so any stream of cum would go straight down her throat into her stomach, Simon noticed that Terra and Cara did the same thing with two of his tentacles. 

As the cum went straight down their throats, Simon had a burning desire to plunge the remaining tentacles into their pussies and arses going as deep as he could. 

Before Simon knew it the tentacles did what he was thinking about doing as they penetrated Terra, Cara and Madison's arses & pussies they went as deep as they could without causing injuries, while the ones in the pussies went straight to their wombs. The ones in their mouths went down into the stomach and the arse tentacles went as far as they could without entering any organ in their bodies. 

Simon quickly realised that he could control the potency of his cum so he made it so his cum had no sperm that could get them pregnant. Simon's orgasms went on for 6 minutes constantly filling his companions with his sperm, which they seemed to be absorbing really quickly as none of them showed any signs of being covered both inside and outside with cum. 

Simon was spent so he lowered his conscious companions onto the seats before withdrawing his tentacles from them and forcing them back into his back, they all went with a loud pop.

The final thing that Simon withdrew was his cock from Madison's mouth they all let out a disappointed moan but quickly regained their composer as all his companions said "Wow" at being fucked like that with that high level of intensity and cum it was the best fuck that these 3 demons could have had in all the years they have been alive. 

As Simon stuffed his now flaccid cock back into his trousers the three demons started to get changed well Cara and Terra did while Madison was sitting there completely naked next to Simon. After 5 minutes Cara and Terra was dressed, Simon told them to "go back into the front and continue the journey to the late Tristan's mansion."

Both Cara and Terra replied with a yes my lord, while Cara and Terra went about getting back into the front compartment Simon turned to Madison and asked her. 

"How come your not getting dressed like Cara and Terra?" Madison looked at him with loving & trusting eyes before she replied to Simon. 

"Cause I know that you aren't finished yet as your lust demon side still have one trait to present itself, that involves your libido." This reply stumped Simon as well as stunning him which after a minute or two Madison giggled, she curled up next to Simon similar to the journey so far. 

Cara's phone beeped which brought an instruction to Terra from Cara which was "Terra could you pass my phone to Simon in the back." Terra nodded and handed the phone to Simon, Simon took the phone before he swiped the IPhone and read the message. which simply read. 

"Clean-up has been successful no one will be able to tell there was a war there at all. We did have one complication during the clean-up in that we had a snooper, the human has been taken to the mansion in the holding room awaiting the lords arrival." 

Simon sent a text back requesting a headshot of the snooper as to determine what fate Simon felt was appropriate, a few minutes later Simon received a headshot of the person that was caught only to be horrified that it was his wanker of a dad. 

Simon asked Cara "Where the holding room in the mansion, there is a matter that has arisen which need my immediate attention when we get there." 

All his companions heard the pure anger in his voice Madison and Terra looked at him both of them had an concerned look on their faces even Cara who looked at Simon in the rear view mirror was concerned. Madison eased the phone out of Simon's hand to look at whatever it was that made Simon this angry, she looked at the phone reading the messages she then scrolled to the picture before Madison asked "Who is he?" 

Simon proceeded to tell Madison the story of his youth where his dad would be that drunk or high that he would hold Simon down stark naked and then rape him numerous times, just to keep him quite from asking for help with his physiotherapy. 

That he enjoyed it that much he would continually rape him for 2 years until Simon was 9 as that was when his dad got arrested. That incident affected him that badly that he changed his name at the age of 18 to take his mum's last name so that he would in no be associated with his father. 

Madison was also angry at this but not as angry as Terra was although even that anger couldn't even come close to the anger that Simon felt everyday against the person he was supposed to call dad. 

Cara told Simon where the holding room was in the mansion was down the left corridor as they enter the mansion, the final left door at the end of the corridor before it turns left and all those rooms in that corridor are all holding rooms. 

"I will send a few demons down there to deal with him" Cara said to Simon fearing that Simon might do something he would later regret. After a few seconds she got Simons reply which was just. 

"No I will deal with him get what he knows from snooping if it is little I will decide his fate and Terra you will accompany me to see to him." His voice full of anger, Cara nodded while Madison looked stunned. 

"How come you want me to accompany you?" Terra asked Simon, her voice full with curiosity while she was feeding off the anger that Simon was giving off as to Terra it was far more delicious. 

"Once I get what he knows depending on how he treats us will determine what he fate is, that fate will be your call Terra." Was all Simon replied to Terra's question. 

"We will be arriving at the mansion in 10 minutes, lady Ivy cover yourself up. Lord Simon we await your orders when we get back as we all know with the exception of Simon that other demons will try to kill him so we need to be on this. My lord what is your last name?" Cara told everyone. 

Terra and Madison nodded at this as they know what they are walking into tonight and tomorrow the three demons only two priorities was keeping Simon alive and getting the other demons to swear allegiance to Simon. 

As Cara pulled right up to the door she proceeded to safely shut the car off, by this point Madison was fully dressed they sat while they awaited their orders from Simon. Before Simon gave them their orders he leaned forward and whispered his last name in Cara's ear. He then proceeded to give them the orders they were waiting for. 

Simon first addressed Terra "Terra after our dealing with out prisoner is over you are to check the grounds make sure no one is snooping around last thing we need is to have more snoopers. Then once you have done that join us in our tasks." 

Simon then addressed Cara "Cara once you have made sure our luggage gets to the right rooms you and Madison will let all the demons know about the change in leadership as many are expecting Tristan even after the speech back in Wolverhampton." 

Simon finally turned and addressed Madison "Madison you will go round with Cara doing the task that you and Cara has been set, all of you make sure that any talk about mutiny is silenced by any means. I will join you once I have got my bearings of this place." 

These orders got a "Yes my lord" from all his companions as they walked together into the mansion before splitting off to accomplish the tasks they were given.

With Simon and Terra 

Simon and Terra went down the corridor following the instructions that Cara gave Simon. While Simon walked alongside Terra he could feel many eyes on them as they walked, "Do you have that feeling that we are being watched?" Simon asked Terra as they walked down the corridor which seemed longer than he expected. 

"Yes my lord I expect it is the other demons who live here, that serve you they are obviously seeing what the new lord is like."

Was Terra's response to Simon's question, this didn't ease Simon's nerves though it did ease his mind that any eyes on them are other demons. Terra was the first to reach the door as she opened it all the doors were open apart from 1 that was closed. That door had the prisoner behind it literally as he tried to ambush the pair as they entered the room. 

Terra was the closet to the door and although there was a bed and a bookcase filled with books, obviously to allow the prisoner to pass the time. 

Unknown to Terra at the fact that the prisoner had a bed leg which he'd managed to dislodge in the three hours it took him to break off the bed, Simon noticed that the bed had three legs attached and where the fourth would be was prompt up with a stack of books. 

As the prisoner swung the wooden leg at Terra, Simon stepped forwards and grabbed the leg stopping it in mid swing which was lucky for Terra as it was seriously close to her head. Simon pushed the leg back at the prisoner which knocked him back at the wall, though the impact was that intense that it knocked the prisoner into the wall lodging him that deep in the wall that he could not move. 

Seeing that the prisoner wasn't going anywhere Simon took off his jacket and trousers as they were the only items of clothing that he doesn't have replacements of. 

Terra knew what was coming with this and she stripped to as she knew that someone like this would be sentenced to death, Simon followed suit while the prisoner looked in horror unable to move. Simon then walked up to the prisoner embedded in the wall before asking

"What did you see back in Wolverhampton?" 

The prisoner grunted before saying "Fuck you Simon you snivelling excuse as a human and defending that pathetic excuse of a woman. You two deserve to be raped."

His voice full of anger at being inconvenienced like this, Simon however reached out with his senses to see if anyone wrath demon was using their powers on him. After a few seconds he noticed that the only wrath demon in the whole corridor was Terra and that she was not using any power on the prisoner. 
