 "Hello? Monica?"

Hearing no response, Julie hung up and picked up the phone again, this time no dial tone answered her.

"So, misbehaving, are we?"

Julie jumped at the sound of that voice, and turned around to see Minara staring at her angrily. Minara seemed somehow more substantial than she did when they first met, as if she had become more powerful.

"I was just..." Julie stopped as she realized just how stupid that was going to sound as an excuse. Minara responded only by taking Julie's head in her hands and giving her a long, sensual kiss, her tongue once again slipping deep down Julie's throat. Despite herself, Julie felt her body responding once again.

Minara reached down with her other hand and began to gently stroke Julie's nether region, causing more juices to trickle down to lubricate the way. Julie sighed and began to relax and lean up against the wall, the phone handset now forgotten and dangling by its cord near the floor.

So lost was Julie in the sensations that the demon was unleashing on her that she didn't realize until too late that Minara had placed a hand over Julie's throat. Her eyes bugged out as the blood flow was cut off to her brain. Darkness came as she passed out and her body went limp in Minara's arms.

---------

Monica paced back and forth in the office of Father "Padre" Vega. For his part, Padre sat relaxed in his chair behind his desk, patiently awaiting the arrival of the others.

"You might as well sit down, Monica; it will be at least 20 minutes before the rest get here."

"My friends might not have 20 minutes! I can't believe we're sitting here twiddling our thumbs, when we should be--"

"What? When we should be rushing blindly into a house controlled by a Succubus, so that we may fall to her spell as well? Your motives are admirable, but they will get you in trouble this time. Just sit and wait.

Twenty minutes of frustrated pacing later, three more people came in. Two of them, Sarah and Eric, she knew. The third, a tall slender man with his hair tied in a ponytail, was a mystery to her.

"Monica, this is Brother Hadrian, of the Order of Gabriel. He is an expert in Succubae, Incubi, and various other demons of that nature. He will help us help your friends."

Monica looked at Gabriel again, noting the black tunic and coat.

"You a priest?"

"No, I am just a soldier in the employ of the Church, just as you are. But a specialist, as Father Vega has mentioned. I was in town visiting some friends when I was called to help you. Let's get down to business.

Hadrian and Monica spoke for a few minutes, Monica describing the layout of the house and its occupants, Hadrian filling her in on what she needed to know about dealing with Succubae. After about 10 minutes, they had a plan in place.

"You three will form a perimeter around the house. If the Succubus tries to escape, do what you can to kill her, but do not let her come in contact with you. She will taint you with just her touch." Hadrian reached into an inner pocket of his jacket and produced several vials of a green liquid. "Drink this; it will suppress those instincts which the Succubus preys on. Let's go."

They all piled into Hadrian's car and Monica's pickup and headed to John's house.

---------

"OOHHHHHHHHH!"

Julie had awakened to find herself on her hands and knees, both her ass and her pussy stuffed with the thrusting cocks of John and Charles. Between the two of them, they had a good grip on her so she wouldn't be able to get away even if she did have any control over her body. Some force was preventing her from moving any of her limbs, while her body was invaded by her lover and his room mate. Beneath her, Charles took a nipple in his mouth and began biting and sucking on it roughly. She looked up to see the red assed bitch looking down at her.

"I see you've come to. I hope you're not too uncomfortable; they've been going at it for a while now. I've gained complete control of them; they think nothing that I do not tell them to think. They act only as I wish them to. And now I wish them to fuck you like the whore you are."

Julie began to cry again as she felt the two cocks thrusting in and out of her, alternating between the two of them like the pistons of an automobile engine. Her asshole, not at all accustomed to the rigors of anal sex, burned as John's shaft plowed in and out of it repeatedly. Minara got on her knees and leaned forward to kiss John deeply.

"Keep up the good work, Big Boy." With that, John began thrusting even harder. Also, Minara's scent was beginning to have its effect on Julie again, her vagina pumping out lubricating fluids, the burning pain in her ass transforming into a burning pleasure.

Julie moaned happily, even as her tears continued to pour down her cheeks onto the carpet. Minara bent down to give Julie another kiss, slipping her toungesnake deep down Julie's throat as Julie began to fuck backwards against the two intruding cocks. Suddenly, and without warning, Minara's tongue bunched up inside Julie's throat, blocking off all airflow.

Julie tried to break the kiss, but Minara had Julie's head firmly in her hands. The asphyxiation began to have it's affect on her body as her arousal began to rise increasingly upward towards orgasm. She struggled to break free, struggled to scream, but John and Charles had her immobilized, their spears stabbing deep into her between them, like an animal in some kind of trap. Her vision began to waver as she struggled to scream, all sounds blocked off by the plug formed in her throat by Minara's tongue. Suddenly, her orgasm hit her like a semi truck through a china shop. Every muscle in her body tensed up, her asshole and cunt clenching down on the two cocks with vice grips, her entire body shuddering as her eyes rolled back into her head and she experienced what would become the most intense orgasm of her life.

Feeling her orgasm between them, both John and Charles thrust all the way in, firing their semen into her vagina and asshole. As they were doing this, her body suddenly went limp between them as all trace of life had left it. Minara unknotted her tongue and pulled it out of the dead girl's throat, leaving a small egg deep inside first. 

John and Charles, both completely exhausted, collapsed, sandwiching Julia's corpse between them even as their staves were still lodged inside her.

---------

Editor's note: Thanks for all your support, I think I'll be wrapping this one up in the next chapter. Please send me feedback so I'll know how I can improve on my work. Well, my hobby in any case.