 Authors Note: I know this a late submission for demonic partnership but enjoy all the same. The place Roxon oil was taken from the Marvel universe it may or may not exist. This chapter is shorter then all the others as I am going to write it that each chapter is a day for Simon at the Sovereign court maybe 2 or more days in later chapters. All parts written in bold are the sovereigns parts. 

Leave a vote on this submission and a comment as I would like to hear your views on this chapter.

*****

One year on

Simon and Slamaria had just finished moving in together as the last box was being chucked out. In that year since they initially told their own armies that they are planning on moving in together everything ran smoothly as both Slamaria and Tristan had a fleet of moving vans with demons that can legally drive them. This allowed both Simon and Slamaria to move the items with ease especially considering all the items that had to be moved in the under mansion which wasn't a great deal just Simon's mums life work. One of the trickiest to move was the Eternal flame as the Eternals couldn't move without it and without them the flame would die in a way it was a symbiotic relationship. 

Thanks to Simon, Jess and a few scientists that Slamaria had they came up with an effective method of transporting the eternal flame as Ella had done the majority of the work. As she had created using ordinary cement slabs a new kind of slab that can absorb the eternals flame sending straight towards the source. Simon got a few demons to line the back of the biggest van to fit the flame in. the easiest part was done now for the hardest part or so Simon thought. As it turned out Cara had a plan for moving the torch safely into the van for transport to Batherox's mansion. Then there was Jess where on reflection the events leading up to her becoming the lead scientist on the mutant spawn project and how she was running the project being in charge of 20 demons whom were scientists too. 

Jess's transition to becoming the head of all the scientists 

From Jess's point of view she saw Simon again 6 hours after she came through the portal but Caty was nice as they talked about how they ended up there they both found out that they were both sort out by demons. Caty told Jess that she was taken by a demon that revealed that it was watching her for a while and took her after her and Simon parted ways for the evening after college. Jess told Caty that she was taken by a mysterious demon that used her power of influence to lead Jess to wishing her body away. When Simon came back it seemed that he was on his own as his companion who Jess heard him call Slamaria. 

When Jess asked where Simon's companion was he had told her that she went back to her mansion to get things ready before they go through the new mansion to make sure that there was no traps left behind and that the mansion was completely empty before they both move in. Apparently she got a lift from Simon's mansion to her own. After some explanations Jess & Caty were up to speed with everything that was going on and Jess agreed on going with Simon to the holding room where the person she would be replacing was being held. 

When Jess and Simon walked through the mansion towards the holding cell where Nefra was being held, after a 5 minute walk they reached the holding cell when Simon said to Jess. "Let me go in first as Nefra might attack and I can take any hit." As they walked in Nefra was just sat on the bed waiting for his judgement to come. When Simon grabbed him in order to drain his memories on the mutant spawn so Jess could carry on, Nefra put up no resistance. Simon left Nefra with little life once he drained the memory suspending the memories in a sphere which he then placed on the chest of Jess. 

As the sphere went into Jess's chest she began to squirm while Nefra laid there unconscious slumped on the floor where Simon had let him fall. As he rushed to catch Jess so she didn't fall to the floor her eyes were closed as she was trying to deal with her memory expanding with the new knowledge. As her eyes opened there was a yellow glow coming from them, this reminded Simon of a moment in doctor who. 

The moment where Rose steps out of the TARDIS in parting of the ways when she absorbs the heart of the TARDIS and when she steps out when her eyes are glowing regeneration yellow. 

Simon went and got one of the wrath demons to finish Nefra off where he was only too pleased to be the one to take care of Nefra after all the trouble he caused over the years. Simon and Jess leave the sleeping Nefra to the other demon as Simon & Jess went to his office. Once they were inside Cara came up to Simon only to tell him that the message has been sent out to Terra original demon lady as it turns out to be the demon that lives and controls Scotland and Ireland, Cara left them to it for a while as they discussed business. "How are you finding the additional memories?" Simon asked Jess. 

"A big difference but very eye opening so I will be in charge of the mutant spawn project?" 

"Yes Jess you will be working as part of a joint team once we move in but it will be more controlled then previously as there will be a mutant spawn tamer and I want you to make the mutant spawn appear more human than anything then at least that way they can lead a normal life of sorts." 

"So you want me to make them like the mutants in x-men human but with certain mutations?" 

"Yes Jess but that is not all as you and the team will be working on other projects too not just the mutant spawn which we will discuss that once we move so can you make your way back to the mansion where Caty is from here?" 

"Yes Simon I can make it back there." With that Jess got up and left heading back to the mansion. 

With Terra at Simons house 

Terra awoke on Simon's settee as she sat up rubbing her eyes she noticed that Simon was sat on a chair with a look of relief on his face. Slamaria came into the room with three cups of what smelt like a mixture of tea and coffee, for the first time in years Terra had her memories back including on who her former demon lady was before Batherox used the de-evolver on her. "Are you ok Terra?" 

"Yeah Simon I am ok just weird having my memories back I spent 22 years without them and now I have all of them back it feels like seeing a photo of your younger self and not recognising the person in the photos at all." 

"I can set you up with a meeting with your former demon lady if you want to go back to her but you are more than welcome to stay at the mansion until the date comes of you meeting up with your former lady." Simon said immediately as he looked at the faces of Slamaria and Terra they were both crying from hearing Simon say that. 

"You really mean that?" 

"Yes Terra I do mean that to me nothing is more better then knowing that the demons that I have acquired are happy and if that means that you are no longer with us then it doesn't matter so long as you are happy." 

"Thank you Simon and I would rather head back to Lady McTaggart she must be concerned as I haven't gone back from my mission 22 years ago." With that said Simon rang Cara to set up a date for Terra to go back to her former Lady. Almost 15 minutes later Simon got a phone call off Cara saying that Lady McTaggart will meet them in Wolverhampton in the next hour as this was a rather special case. Simon told his companions the news so they drove back into Wolverhampton as soon as they could so Terra could finally be with her former lady. 

The three headed back to Wolverhampton only to get a message from Cara saying that Lady McTaggart will meet them in Costa Coffee so Simon, Slamaria and Terra headed to Costa Coffee after Simon had parked up. As they approached the Coffee shop Terra immediately saw her former lady. As they approached the table she was at the former lady stood up to introduce herself as Lady McTaggart started talking. 

"Hi there Terra so nice to see you after 22 years, Lady Slamaria too what a treat and who is this with you?" She asked gesturing to Simon. 

"This is lord Warner taking over from Azrial." Slamaria informed Lady McTaggart. 

"Pleasure to meet you thanks for looking after Terra and if you would like to leave us now we have business to conduct." Lady McTaggart rudely said thinking that Simon was someone to be pushed around. Simon and Slamaria left they went to have a look around Wolverhampton town centre although they ended up in Yates a cocktail bar near Costa Coffee, they both got some drinks as they started talking all the eyes were on the couple as they both looked like models and Simon knew that he wasn't model material and he did not know about Slamaria. 

5 minutes later 

Simon got a telepathic message from Terra which to Simon sounded like she was crying. Simon got up and headed down to Costa Coffee where they met Lady McTaggart although Simon was sprinting at this point Slamaria was just behind Simon, as he slowed while he was approaching the entrance to Costa Slamaria had caught up. "What's the matter Simon?" Slamaria asked just as they were at the entrance of Costa's. 

"Terra sent me a message through the mark and she sounds like she was crying and it's still my duty to make sure she is ok." Simon told Slamaria as the two went into Costa's only to see that Terra was silently crying at the table when Simon and Slamaria walked up to the table, Terra looked up with tears streaming down her face before she got up and wrapped her arms around Simon hugging her still crying. Simon who wasn't a hugging person but he made exceptions in some cases, everyone in the coffee shop was looking to see what was going on. 

As Simon stopped the hug him, Terra and Slamaria sat down at the table before Simon asked Terra. "What happened Terra?" 

"Lady McTaggart didn't want me she said that because I failed in my mission 22 years ago to find the weakness that Batherox had but that him and Azrial tried to make everyone see the truth while I was in his care. She said I was too much of a liability for her to have me back and now I don't have anywhere to stay." Terra said while she was crying but before Simon could say anything Slamaria spoke up. 

"Simon will give you a place to stay and when we move in your more than welcome to stay with us we will always need someone like you Terra, right Simon?" 

"Right Slamaria she is more than welcome to stay with us." Simon said as both Simon and Slamaria saw Terra perk up a lot before she wiped her tears away and said to the two demons whom were with her. 

"Thank you and I would like that if I could stay with you Simon and can we go?" 

"Sure." Simon said to answer Terra's question as the three got up and left the coffee shop heading back to Simons car so they could head back to the mansion while Slamaria called someone at her mansion to com and pick her up from Simons mansion. This was so they both could contact the Sovereign to put an appeal in for the two to be married in front of the sovereign and all who gather to pay their respect to the Sovereign. 

Back with Simon 

Simon was on a plane with Slamaria, Grigor, Erin, Marik, Cara, Terra and Altiiar as well as the pilot and co-pilot. Erin's human form is a slim, big busted, dark haired stunner but Simon could sense that she is a demon that has ascended above her sphere of power which was power of the shadows but now she controlled the power of Electricity. Marik is a demon of absorbing (any demon attacks him with anything he would be able to absorb that hit and send it back x3) this means that his human form is more muscular while his hair colour is blue his face however made the ladies swoon as he had a face that every female loves. 

Altiiar on the other hand was a demon that also had ascended beyond his sphere of power being able to use anyone's nightmare against them. (This would force them to kill themselves while he drains the body of the life essence.) His human form would be muscular, 5 foot 5, hair colour would be dyed Red while his face was the sort of face that blends into the background wherever he goes. 

Both Simon and Slamaria had chosen these demons with care as they would have to hold their own if any demon tries to kill them being that Simon was a new lord they seemed to be easy targets also after the marriage some demons might take a risky gambit and attack any of them. While all the other demons told Simon what to expect from the courts after Slamaria told him that the marriage has been approved and the Sovereign will conduct the service before all the other demons get there as weddings have to be done before the other demons get there. 

This explained why they were getting there early as they touched down on American soil they were right near the Roxon oil company in New York as that was where the court was being held. Simon thought that the Roxon oil company was only in Marvel comic books but he was mistaken slightly. As they approached side entrance an elevator appeared as the small group got into the elevator they noticed that it carried on going down as the elevator slowly ground to a halt the other demons shed their clothes. This left them open to change to their demon forms only Simon remained in his human form as he was taking care not to rip his clothes he then joined the others in their demon forms. 

As they entered the chambers which looked like a big convention hall with separate tunnels heading of in different direction, Slamaria and Simon went ahead to the sovereign's room where they were would have the ceremony however as they got nearer to the room they noticed that the room didn't have a door as it was a vast chamber. "So Slamaria you made it and this must be the new lord taking over from Tristan also your future partner." 

"Yes sovereign it is." Slamaria replied as Simon noticed the Sovereign was shrouded in a dark cloud which towered above them both and continued upwards for 40 feet and outwards in proportion to make up for the height. The Sovereigns voice was booming as though it could reach you in your deepest darkest memories that were all Simon could see. 

"Let's get started new lord this is different from human marriages as I have been informed you are half human correct?" 

"Yes sovereign." Simon said to this mysterious demon. 

"What is your full name?" 

"Simon Warner." 

"Now demon marriages are for life if one of you dies so will the other. You will both be marked with the marriage mark that will stretch from your shoulder to your wrist what I understand that you humans call a sleeve. Neither of you will be able to kill each other, you will be able to send telepathic messages to each other where that connection will stay forever Do you both accept these laws that have been passed down from the first demon settlement back when dinosaurs roamed and humans were still evolving?" 

Simon and Slamaria looked at each other before replying in unison. "Yes." 

"Then both step forward placing one arm completely in the seal that is glowing in front of you." 

Both Slamaria and Simon placed on arm into the seal and they somehow placed the opposite arms in as Simon placed his right arm into the seal, Slamaria placed her left arm into the seal. After a few minutes there was a pattern etched into the skin of both Simon and Slamaria which for some unknown reason they were both aroused to the point of having an orgasm. "The ceremony is nearly complete you two are now married all you two need to do now is swallows each other's juices." 

"Where?" Slamaria asked. 

"In this room as the ceremony requires a sacrifice of juices I need to go and make the preparations are complete so you two can do it here." The sovereign said to the two nearly newlyweds as he left taking his shroud with him. Simon and Slamaria found themselves alone in the room as they didn't even say a word the two ended up in the 69 position while Slamaria sucked hungrily at Simons cock, Simon was licking Slamaria's vaginal lips both of them trying to make the other orgasm. 

After 2 minutes of licking and sucking they were both ready to orgasm which they did where they both noticed that the dragon mark which to Simon resembled the Crimson dragon mark in Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's that is found when all the signers are united. Leaving Yusei with the full mark to defeat Roman and the dark signers glow a deep red as at that point they were now married however they did not stop there sucking and licking as they switched to fuck missionary style. They did this for a further 4 minutes until they heard someone approach the chambers. 

The couple stopped fucking only to see it was there little group back from placing the luggage in their chambers which was directly by Simon and Slamaria's chamber. "Is the marriage done?" Cara asked the couple. 

"Yes Cara it is done and successful now let's all get out of here and look around the court." Simon said as he could hear Slamaria giggle mentally which to Simon felt weird but it could become something in the background. As the small group left the entire building was now filling up with demons as they all walked about, Simon could see that the Sovereign was overseeing the whole hall and no doubt all the tunnels. For the first time Simon could see that the entire substructure was bigger on the inside. 

After a further 30 minutes the area was bustling with demons as the sovereign announced. "Ladies and Gentle demons I am proud to announce the new appearance of Lady Slamaria and Lord Simon who just got married and I would like to see so many demons from UK, Ireland, Scotland, Canada, Germany, France, New Zealand, Russia and America here at my 1045th court." 

Slamaria told Simon mentally "*Sigh* I forgot to mention this be ready as some demons might attack us due to this announcement." This made Simon be ready as they walked around the area looking around. 

3 hours later 

The sovereign announced that the alliances would be commencing and if the lords and ladies would take their seats in the a joining room through the left tunnel as Simon was pulled by Slamaria there he soon realised that this was the opportunity to get some new demons when he got a message from Cara. "Only accept demons you think can be a good asset to yours and Slamaria's army." 

Simon took this as a heads up of what was to come as Simon and Slamaria took their seats in what Simon could only describe as a throne which happened to be next to each other as the sovereign had their seats placed next to each other. Simon also saw that Terra and Altiiar took positions either side of Simon with Cara behind him as Simon looked to his left he saw Grigor and Erin in the same positions in front of Slamaria leaving Marik behind Slamaria. Simon thought that Cara and Marik took positions behind the respected lord/ lady to advise them when it dawned on him they were there to take a hit if anyone tried to assassinate them. Realising this he noticed that the positions the demons took at the front was to protect them from any demons that tried anything the direct way. 

The demons started to approach the demon lords and ladies soon Simon had his first one come up as the demoness spoke Simon reached his senses out to try and determine the sphere of power as the demoness started speaking. "My lord I am Chantavia I am a strategist looking for a lord or lady to serve." After Chantavia finished speaking Simon sensed that she was a wrath demon on the verge of going higher than her sphere but Simon could also sense that she was unable to control her power. 

"I am not the lord for you Chantavia some other lord or lady will find use of you but I will not." Simon said to this demoness, given that she would not budge from the spot Terra braced herself so did Altiiar. Then Chantavia spoke up as she was trying to control her anger. 
