 In this chapter and the next chapter I will be referencing a certain manmade disaster that happened that took place in Chernobyl in 1986. Don't hate me for mentioning it in chapter 11 as my demons feed of radiation. This event is a real catastrophic event that shook the world. (If you don't know google it to find out.) However my story is pure fiction and some of the parts are based on real life except for Slamaria's back story with it and a huge part of chapter 12. I did waffle with the last Marvel reference and yes the description is a reference to Admiral Ackbar in star wars Return of the Jedi. Finally the next part will not be Demonic Partnership Ch.12 but instead it will be Demon hostage. Leave a comment and rating at the end and comment if you think I should do a Marvel story and I will be doing another Doctor who story at some point.  

*****

While all the demons and humans slept some of the demons were planning to try and kill Simon and in doing so killing Slamaria in the process gaining the majority of power in Britain. The demons that were planning the stuff were some Russian demons that were still sore that Slamaria stopped their plans before they could properly start it. They planned in getting their small group along with their allegiances to wipe the new lord out while they were seen at the clash so that no one knew that it was these demons whom chose to attempt to kill the new lord. 

8am 

Simon woke up to see that Slamaria was also waking up while still in her demon form as Simon moved to the kitchen area that was in the room at a guess demons could eat or drink something before they go to that day's events. He needed to regain some more strength so he could maintain his demon form for longer without collapsing from exhaustion when Slamaria turned over she saw that Simon was in the kitchen area joined onto the room they were in. he made himself a cup of tea though it was specifically chosen as they had tea bags that he was accustomed to in the UK in the sense that he didn't have to leave the tea bag in the cup while he drank. 

Slamaria got up joining him in the kitchen area, if anyone walked in now it would look odd as Simon was in his human form while Slamaria was in her demon form. Simon asked Slamaria, "Would you like tea or coffee?" 

"I will have Tea would you like any cereal?" 

"No thanks Slamaria I am comfortable with just a cup of tea." 

With that both Simon and Slamaria moved towards the bed with their drinks as Slamaria woke up a bit she had to ask Simon something. Slamaria waited for Simon to get to the bed before she asked him. "Simon I have something to ask you?" 

"Sure Slamaria." 

"Why did you change back to your human form and not stay in your demon form?" 

"I cannot stay in my demon form for long as I was on the verge of collapsing from exhaustion if I stayed in my demon form." 

"So you had to change back to save energy?" 

"Yes Slamaria as I am only half demon so for me it takes more energy to stay in my demon form." 

After that there was some silence as both Simon and Slamaria drank some more of their team but given that they had many hours before today's events so Simon asked Slamaria. "Tell me some of your encounters with some of the demons you have met in your years coming here." This prompted Slamaria to talk about some of her encounters both in and out of the sovereign court including the story with the army of Russian demons. 

Slamaria's story in 1986 

Slamaria had for the past 50 years been hounded by a demon in Russia that had been hounding her for all those years. He had tried to pressure her into marriage with him in one insistence she destroyed his pet at that time but that was another part of another story. (This will come out later on in this series.) Slamaria had been invited by Malcolm to see his mysterious plan unfold in a small town in the Ukraine called Chernobyl, she knew from talking to another demon that Malcolm had plans for that town. 

Slamaria agreed to go but she made sure that the portal was ready in case it turned out to be a trap. It had been 7 days since she left the UK for Ukraine where Malcolm's car would pick her up and take her to Chernobyl where she would meet Malcolm and finally see his mysterious plan. She had arrived in Chernobyl on the 24th April two days before reactor 4 exploded leaving Chernobyl uninhabitable and unliveable for over 100 years. However it took Slamaria a day to get from the airport that her private plane was allowed to land at due to politics all the way to the town of Chernobyl so that gave her a day before Malcolm's plan was revealed. 

It was midnight when Slamaria got to Chernobyl she wasn't as tired as she would normally be as she went to sleep while on her private plan. Unfortunately Malcolm had requested that Slamaria went on alone to Chernobyl so to keep up the pleasantries between them as Slamaria didn't want to make another enemy, she kept to the request. Malcolm was there to greet her as she got out of the car that Malcolm had sent. "Lady Slamaria glad you could make it." 

"What is this all about Malcolm?" 

"So you can see my master plan take hold." 

"What plan would that be?" Slamaria asked trying to keep her curiosity at bay. 

"Seen as you are here I will tell you as we walk to where it will unfold." Both Malcolm and Slamaria started walking towards the Nuclear plant in Chernobyl more specifically reactor 4. 

"As we both know demons can use the energy that are produced by humans to power ourselves and I plan on using the radiation energy to become the most powerful demon in all the earth so much that I can kill the sovereigns and make you my bride." 

"That is a slight small percentage you are aiming for." Slamaria now felt uncomfortable but she had been around enough to know that if she could destabilise the source of radiation then it would be too much for any demon to control which would destroy those plans. All she had to do was play to his ego to get into the reactor to make it melt down causing an explosion of energy. 

"Malcolm that is a brilliant plan can I see where you are going to be where you will be absorbing the energy?" 

"Sure thing Slamaria it is just here." Malcolm couldn't believe this that Slamaria was about to succumb under his power or so he thought. Once Slamaria was as close as she could get to reactor 4 she was in a room overlooking the actual reactor. When Malcolm suggested retiring she had gone with him but Slamaria remembered the route back to the reactor. 

Once Malcolm had gone to sleep, Slamaria slipped out of the room heading back to the reactor though it was morning Slamaria had to stay in her human form as it was the safest way however one of Malcolm's crazy demonesses was following her. As Slamaria approached the building she sensed the presence of another demoness so Slamaria changed into her demon form to combat this demoness. Although once the demon version of Slamaria had entered the reactor room only to notice that they were testing the reactor at low power, Slamaria thought she could sabotage it she heard a metal clang behind her. When Slamaria turned around only to peer into the darkness only to see the crazy demoness leapt out of the shadows. 

The demon was completely in the shadow not only was it because there was no light going into the reactor room and partly down to that this demoness was losing her mind. Due to the mild radiation poisoning as this demoness experienced raw radiation where her physiology couldn't adapt quickly enough until it caused her brain to boil inside her body so much that her power was slipping in perfect unison with her mental capabilities. 

As the deforming demon leapt at Slamaria she shifted herself to grab the figure which was in mid-flight as Slamaria hurled the demon away she didn't realise that she had hurled this demoness towards reactor 4. There was enough force that she ploughed through the containment unit into where the radiation was being stored in rods. She knocked one of the rods out of the slot it was occupying as her body adapted to the rods chemistry this left her open for the radiation in the reactor and in her to react with each other. 

As both the radiation reacted with each other the demoness began glowing as the last of her mind slipped away and so did her power. As her power began to surge through the reactor Slamaria ran towards the intricate computer system set in place to measure the radiation level as it rose high enough to begin the chain reaction that would lead to the famous Chernobyl meltdown in 1986. Slamaria opened the portal back to her private plan she uttered as she stepped through the portal. "Sorry everyone that will get caught in this one day I swear Malcolm will be here at the mercy of someone who can control the radiation temporarily." 

As Slamaria walked up the steps to her private plan she wiped a tear from her eye at the memory of everyone who lose or pass on the radiation just because a demon wouldn't take no for an answer. They were leaving Russian airspace just as the Slamaria looked out the window of her private plan just to see the explosion exactly where Chernobyl was and one of the greatest manmade disasters of the 20th century could've been avoided by a demon taking the hint. The plane rocked as the shock wave hit it though the pilots could stabilise the plane against the shockwave. 

The only survivor to walk away from the explosion with little physical changes and that was Malcolm who was now hell bent on making Slamaria his bride at any opportunity. 

Back at the Sovereign courts 

Slamaria finished saying her story to Simon (except that last sentence that was just for the readers) who was quite shocked mostly at the fact that possibly the most greatest disaster of the 20th century was down to a single demon trying to increase his influence. The other thing that shocked Simon is that plan would've worked if it wasn't for Slamaria the human race would have possibly been slaves to demons, in actual fact the human race owe Slamaria and countless other demons that helped save the peace between demons and humans. 

Simon decided to go and see how Cara, Terra, Altiiar and Jamie along with Slamaria who followed Simon in her demon form whereas Simon didn't have enough energy yet to transform so he was walking alongside a full demon as they past every other demon on their way to where their joint army was staying. Slamaria & Simon were the modern day taboo couple as in the entire history of demons not once has a demon fallen for a half demon. 

Once they got to the beginning of the corridor that they were given for their joint army they split up to go to see the demons that they brought to the courts once they separated they both sensed another demons in their halls and by the law of the sovereign courts they must be destroyed or converted and Slamaria let Simon know of this via their marriage mark. Slamaria also let Simon know that since they are both lust demons they could have sex with other people but they can only cum when they fuck each other. Simon understood these and though he didn't have enough energy to transform fully he could get his demon blades out thanks to the little energy needed to bring them out. 

With Simon 

Once Simon approached the door where Cara was staying although all his demons room had adjoining door so they could enter if they wanted or had to enter any of the rooms. When Simon entered the room he noticed that all the rooms looked the same with the features provided even the bed was in the same place. Simon then focussed on the scene that was unfolding before his eyes, three demons one that was shapeless Simon thought it was a shape-shifting demon, a male wrath demon and a female purple demon that looked like a succubus but with some added differences. The three intruding demons had his 3 demons pinned down while Cara was gagged and unconscious while bound to the wall suspended from the ground. She had a mysterious orb hovering in front of her which was glowing stronger with each passing second. The shape-shifting demon had Jamie pinned while in disguised as Terra and as for Altiiar and Terra the Male and female demon was trying to forcefully penetrate them. But Simon could sense others in the room. Where was Jamie though as the only ones present in the room was Altiiar, Cara and Terra. 

This scene made Simon angry as he wished he had the energy to transform two more demons approach Simon from the bathroom as he turned to confront them. He heard one of the new demons say. "Look at what we have here a human walking in on demons." The other demon responded. 

"We should teach him a lesson he will never forget." Both the new demons chuckled and Simon realised that he was out matched and at a huge disadvantage as he couldn't transform. The odds was stacked against Simon but he knew deep down that he could do it as the first demon advanced Simon's demon senses triggered. Revealing that the demon heading for him was a pride and wrath demon which would explain the armoured body mixed in with green and red. Simon ducked just as the demon was heading towards him meaning that Simon could slide under the demon he got both his demon blades out only to strike the demon that was heading for him in the back as the demon passed over Simon given that he was still in the human form. 

Where Simon struck at the demon it was at the base of her spine piecing the armour enough for the blade to hit the bare skin underneath. As soon as Simon withdrew his blade the other demon lost all feeling and use of her legs as she fell to the floor. While the other demon was stunned by what he was seeing Simon do, Simon grabbed the floating orb which his natural power kicked in which was adaptability which allowed him to adapt his whole being to compensate the new intrusion in his body. 

Since the demon was now paralysed from the waist down Simon saw his chance to grab the orb that was controlling Cara which he did do but once he touched the orb he knew that it was a control orb where it places the subject under a trance also giving off an illusion. The illusion in this case was that she was bound to the wall and gagged as Simon drained the sphere he could feel the energy in that sphere flow through him giving Simon a moment of pure energy allowing him to transform briefly. He had to choose his moment carefully as he has one shot at transforming Simon turned to Cara still holding the powerless orb only to see her restraints disappear as Cara regained consciousness as soon as Simon drained the power from the orb. 

Simon caught her which stopped her from falling when her body suddenly got kicked back into reality. Just as the second demon was rushing towards Simon with her sword shaped elbows when Simon turned as he chose to transform at that precise moment when he was turning which reminded him of a moment in Avengers Assemble. 

The moment where the Avengers start fighting the Chitauris and before they all were given their specific orders by Captain America. When Bruce Banner rides in on a moped just as Tony Stark brings a space whale which the Chitauri uses as a transport vehicle into battle. Just as the moment when Bruce tells Captain America that his secret in controlling the Hulk is that he is always angry, when he turns around while he is transforming from Bruce Banner to the Incredible Hulk just before altered he punches the whale leading up to the moment when Ironman makes the whale explode by firing missiles at the exposed skin. 

When Simon was facing the demon rushing towards him he had fully transformed as he didn't know how long that energy would last but he would be able to make it count as he threw the orb what no one knew. Simon changed the power of the orb that was controlling Cara he changed it to trap any demon inside so he could gain the energy from that demon to make it so he can maintain the transformation for the day like he did the previous day. Simon didn't throw the orb at the demon heading towards him as Simon sidestepped leaving the demon heading straight past him. This moment allowed Simon to throw the newly altered orb at the shape-shifting demon holding Altiiar down as the orb made contact Simon thrusted one of his demon blades through the skull of the demon that tried to rush him just moments before. 

When Simon pulled his blade out of the skull of that demon letting the body fall to the floor just in time to see the orb make contact with the shape-shifter demon so Simon, Cara and Altiiar could see the entire demon disappear into the orb in a swirl as the entire body of the demon it was touching disappeared into the orb. After this it fell to the floor steaming as it was a one shot wonder throw which worked releasing Altiiar where he immediately locked on the demon on Terra making him writhe as his darkest fears came to life in his mind. He fell off Terra enough for Terra to push him off her as she forced his power out of his body absorbing it in her own body. She sensed before Simon arrived that he was a wrath demon so her own sphere of wrath as she grew in power. 

Cara walked over to the demon that Simon paralysed earlier as the female demon tried to crawl towards the door Cara pounced onto the demon trying to escape the force that Cara landed on the demon shattered the spine and skull killing the demon instantly. "Is everyone ok?" Simon asked everyone after the threats had been exterminated. 

"Could be better although if you didn't come my lord we would have been in a worse place." Altiiar said to Simon which brought to his next question. 

"Where is Jamie?" Simon asked to see blank looks from his three companions before Simon asked speaking to Slamaria through the mark. 

"Have you seen Jamie Slamaria as he/she would prefer isn't here?"

"No Simon I haven't seen Jamie though I am just about to go into my demon's rooms so I will let you know if Jamie is in my halls."

With Slamaria 

As she approached her halls she had a telepathic message off Simon as she approached the room given to Grigor as one of the strongest she had demon wise so whatever danger awaited her she needed him. Unfortunately for Slamaria so did every demon hear at the sovereign courts as she walked into the room there were sounds coming from the room given to Marik only three demons were in the room awaiting Slamaria. Slamaria could sense that the demon waiting for her was the demon mercenary known as Dragoon as his calling card is a card with a snake on it along with his 2 lackey's. His lackey's weren't known by names only numbers as Dragoon ploughed through assisting demons so he only bred them for the soul purpose of using them as scapegoats. 

"So you finally got round to me Dragoon I wondered how long it would take." Slamaria said not letting her guard down. 

"Indeed Lady Slamaria though I got a hefty payment to come after you and your new partner. We were all quite shocked one of the living legends also one of the old ones falling for a half breed, I knew he wouldn't be able to resist a hermaphrodite such as number 33 the 4th member to the Spider-vergers known as the Superior member. Having it in your army as a sleeper agent helped me greatly." Dragoon started saying before Slamaria opened the telepathic link with Simon letting him know that he was played and that Jamie was a sleeper demon to get us while we had our guard down. Slamaria cut the link only to hear Dragoon say. 

"I sent others to take care of your pathetic half breed of a husband last I heard they had his 3 demons tied and tried to humiliate them but nothing since." Dragoon finished saying. 

"That could be because my pathetic excuse of a husband as you put it have eliminated them, you clearly didn't do your research on him as I saw first-hand what he can do." Slamaria said her voice filled with excitement of doing what she hasn't done in a long time made a demon mercenary nervous. 
