  Author's note: this will be the new one after Demonic Partnership that contains the same characters as my Demonic Partnership but from now on because of how the story has developed it will now be known as Demonic War. This is a work of fiction with the villains though the bits within the nightmare later on in this chapter is based on what I go through as a male sexual abuse victim. Enjoy.

*****

The next day at 7:00am 

Slamaria awoke to being in bed alone as Simon was nowhere to be found. Slamaria walked through the mansion in her demon form, due to Slamaria going to bed in her demon form. She couldn't feel Simon at all even through the mark which means he was either unconscious or he was supressing his side of the link keeping himself hidden. Slamaria was walking down a empty corridor as there was a gym down one of the corridors that no demon uses, however the humans that live with the demons used the gym though the humans wouldn't been using the gym at this time in the morning. 

When Slamaria got to the entrance of the gym she could see random dark clouds appearing around the punching bag mounted from the ceiling. Slamaria didn't know it but it was Simon as his shadow sphere was mutated to such an extent that he could now teleport exactly like Nightcrawler in X-men. Slamaria could see the punching bag which could be calibrated to whatever the person desired as a way of showing the humans that lived with them once they received the injection, which would give them a demons power in such a extent that they would become homo-sapiens+ the next evolution of humanity. 

Slamaria checked the setting on the punching bag which was by the doorway, she found that it was set up for a demon bigger than any she had faced besides the sovereigns of course. "Simon?" Slamaria said loud enough to be heard over the sound of the bag being punched. Upon saying this Slamaria saw that the person teleporting had stopped as he was standing in front of the punching bag. 

"Didn't you get any sleep?" Slamaria asked Simon. 

"I slept for a month and I couldn't last night as I am trying to master my new abilities as well as the old ones." Simon replied to Slamaria's question. 

"Would that be due to the radiation you absorbed a month ago?" 

"Yes it is Slamaria." 

"Have you managed to learn how to use your abilities my love?" 

"Some of them Slamaria, I learnt to Teleport, transform, absorb, change their minds to my will, stop time, accelerate time to a precise spot but those are the only ones I have mastered though I can still use my old abilities." 

"You can also manage to hide the fact that your half demon really well. I could hardly sense you at all even through the mark." Simon didn't realise that he was doing it he then removed the block that he placed there un-consciously. They were both leaving the gym when the reborn Madison Ivy was walking into the gym though the rebirth knocked the mind altering out of her about only having sex with Simon.

As they past Madison said. "Lord Simon." Simon nodded in acknowledgement as he got to his and Slamaria's study. He marvelled at the fact that in the year since he became a demon lord his plan to allow both humans and demons to live and work in harmony, this was the plan and he hoped that the rest of the world could do this. Simon had been keeping up with the news and since his mutation of spheres he could identify the demons even while they are in their human forms. 

Simon got to the study where him and Slamaria handled business when he noticed that the communicator in his ear was buzzing signalling a call. "Hello." 

"Simon glad I caught you we have made a breakthrough with the mutant spawn though we are thinking about renaming them Meta-humans based off the DC tv series & comic books the flash." It was Jess that much Simon could figure out from the voice though he realised how much he missed that voice among all of the voices of everyone at the mansion after being held hostage for a month. 

"What's the breakthrough?" Simon asked. 

"Better if you see it as it is remarkable." 

"I am on my way." The conversation ended as he sent a message to Slamaria via the mark. 

"My love there has been a breakthrough with the experiments Jess, Rebecca and all the other scientists have been doing meet me in the labs." 

"Sure thing." 

With that Simon headed to the lab where he was shocked to see the lab in so much commotion due to the breakthrough. Simon couldn't remember a time where all the scientists human, demon and half breeds were all excited. Simon was just about to walk into the lab when Slamaria was approaching from behind. Slamaria was also in her demon form as in private she didn't use her human disguise. 

As Simon and Slamaria walked into the lab together they noticed that the equation that was on the board at the far back of the massive room had changed. The equation was a simple on of trying to isolate a specific gene in humans when Simon left nearly 2 months ago, "Simon." Jess shouted her voice dripping with excitement. As she ran over to Simon and Slamaria they were both greeted by a bubbly, happy Jess followed by the other scientists and Rebecca. 

"What's your big discover?" Simon asked the group.

"We have done it! We've figured out how to safely combine the power of a demon with human DNA, while keeping the human as much as a human being so he or she could walk the streets and no one would know." Jess replied with excitement in her voice. 

"That's a big jump are you sure it will work?" Slamaria asked Jess. 

"Yes we are completely sure we ran simulations, doubled checked the equation. We even tried it on Caty with the power from a speed demon that we acquired thanks to the co-operation of the ripper who extracted it from one of Malcolm's demons that was sent to us. With remarkable results." Jess stated showing Simon and Slamaria to the screen where the footage was of the last session only a few hours ago. Complete with scans on the right hand side of the screen that showed Caty's life signs. 

As the footage was played both Simon and Slamaria noticed that while Caty was using her new abilities her life signs were holding steady. Jess was right they did achieve what was deemed unachievable, the footage was a few minutes after those minutes were up Jess waited for it to sink in before she revealed another breakthrough that was made by accident. 

"We have also configured the same equation and formulae to cure cancer." Jess said to Simon and Slamaria. 

"WHAT!" both Simon and Slamaria said in unison completely amazed at these discoveries. 

"We have found a way to cure any types of cancer, all be it by a mistake but nevertheless we can cure cancer." Jess replied in response to their question. 

"How do you know it will work in practice other then the theoretical work." Slamaria asked Jess. As Jess and the other scientists in the room looked at Slamaria quite shocked that she wasn't just a demon that was for show, she could hold her own with a scientific discussion which she was doing with Jess. 

"Send the prototype of the drug according to the equation to the United Nations so they can test the usefulness of the drug under the two conventions." Simon said when they all noticed that the siren was being sound. This meant that all the demon lords/ladies were being summoned for an emergency session, according to all the demons this meant that they is a huge threat of war. 

"We need to get the portal active ASAP so we can be where the Sovereign is to attend the emergency session." Slamaria said her voice filled with terror and urgency. 

"Come on then Slamaria let's go and face this together." Simon replied to Slamaria. 

As Simon grabbed Slamaria's hand he teleported and within a matter of seconds they were in the dispatch room where all portals are sent both coming into the mansion and going. It is heavily guarded by wrath demons but there are a few ascended demons who have mastered the use of matter manipulation which means they can make you do whatever they want or just explode you from the inside. However they chose to kill you once they lock onto your unique body signature you are at their mercy. Similar to the Teller in the Time Heist, Doctor Who series 8 except instead of your mind turning to soup as they did in Doctor Who you could end up with no bones or your very existence is snuffed out. 

As the portal was opened without the use of the scroll as during the night while Simon wasn't sleeping he created a working model of the prototype he lashed together while in Malcom's domain. Though Simon had addressed the total destruction issue that happened at Malcolm's mansion upon them leaving, which Simon and Slamaria was informed of by one of the people in the tactics room as real time footage showed the entire mansion in flames. This was down to the cooling not being right after use as the scroll they used to open portals tore a hole, briefly, in the time-space continuum. The cooling Simon had created a few hours before addressed that and this was the second testing of the machine as the first on was to pick up the mail from his house in Wolverhampton fully clothed of course. Where he picked it up mostly just bank letters, a few bills and a weird letter written in a language that Simon could only think was the forgotten language of demons. Simon had teleported back to the mansion seeing if his teleporting power had grown to a degree which let him teleport over long distances. He could though he wanted to test it coming from where the Sovereign was. This idea would have to wait as they needed to get to the court where the Sovereign resigns. As the portal opened both Simon and Slamaria stepped through, this portal took them to the court as they were greeted by the black mass that was the sovereigns shroud. 

At the Sovereign Court 

All around the court portals were being opened and one or two demon lords/ladies were stepping through them none of them talked to each other as everyone besides Simon was on edge as this must've been dire to be summoned. The Sovereign was on his platform as he was during the court though the platform was stationary. The Sovereign started talking after a few minutes as all the relevant demons were present to begin the emergency session. "I have called you all here as the threat we have been expecting is coming quicker than myself and other sovereigns in this region are having these sessions to come up with a plan of combating this." 

"Who are the ones who want to start the war?" Someone shouted out from all the demon lords and ladies who are present. 

"The ones who are creating this threat are the demons lead by the sovereign in the Middle East. You may have heard in the news that everything that is happening in the Middle East by these 'terrorists' and the 'IS' are demon related." 

Everyone beside Simon and Slamaria were talking amongst themselves when the sovereign spoke again everyone who was talking went quite.  "We need to discuss what we are going to do. Any suggestions?" 

"Lie low." Someone shouted from the group. 

"Battle alongside the other demons." Another shouted. 

"Eradicate humanity." The demon in front of Simon shouted. This infuriated Simon through the mark Slamaria felt this she could also sense what Simon was going to do as his wings tore through the t-shirt he was wearing as he was going to get everyone's attention. Slamaria got ready for something to kick off. 

Simon took to the air. As everyone saw this they all heard an explosion before Simon could say anything as the entire demon army swooped in before everyone could recover from the blast. Three sovereigns came in which dawned on Simon before he was knocked out. There was an element of mind control as two of the Sovereigns were being controlled probably by the one that had the biggest power signature. 

As Simon and the sovereign were bound using demon ore that had been made into chains. No demon could break loose as they were now bound by the chains. Simon was knocked out as both he and the Sovereign were the biggest threats. The last thing that he remembers before the darkness descended was that all the other demons were trying to resist the current wave of demons attempting to overpower everyone in the courts. 

4 hours later 

Simon was coming round only to see that he was in a cell on his own he guessed that he was still at the sovereign courts. Simon noticed that the sovereign was suspended from the wall by the chains from the wall. Whereas Simon was left on the floor unbounded. "Uggghhh what happened?" Simon said out loud. 

"We were ambushed and locked up. We don't know if we are the only ones left or if there are others."

"Why aren't I in a similar situation as you being chained up?"

"No one can sense your sphere of power even though you had your wings out. You seem to still be coming across as human so they think that you are not a big threat." 

"So I can get you out of the chains then?" 

"You cannot as demon ore is strong and unbreakable." 

"Nothing's indestructible" was all that Simon said as he was using his time sphere to send a concentrated blast towards the part of the chain that was connected to the wall. Simon was going to send a bubble towards a specific part of the chain. Simon was concentrating that much that he didn't notice that two demon guards one seemed to be a demon of a wrath sphere and the other was a shape shifting demon that seemed unique to that particular sphere as the physical appearance of the demon hadn't changed at all unlike the one that he absorbed the year before. However the arms of the demon were transforming as it had transcended the boundaries of that sphere so that the body remains the same whereas the arms can transform to become powerful weapons. 

Simon didn't notice them as he was concentrating on the time bubble to throw at the chain to free the Sovereign. As the two demons rushed towards Simon to prevent him from creating the time bubble, Simon threw the bubble he was creating just in time to disappear into the shadows avoiding the demons. However he wasn't up for abandoning the sovereign so he hid in the shadows so he could pounce on them once he determined if they were one of the enemy team ready for the impending war or if they were friendlies being controlled. This only took a few seconds, Simon sensed they were willing to die as they were on the enemy team and they were extremely powerful. 

"COWARD!!" the shapeshifting demon shouted. 

"Who's hiding behind someone who would send you into the slaughter house?" Simon replied. 

"You have something to prove? Ai half breed why don't you face use like a demon!" The wrath demon boomed within the cell. 

"That's your mistake I am not fighting you like a demon, I may be half demon but I am 100% human at heart." Simon remarked. 

"Humans are weak especially you, we all know about what happened to you when you were a child given that our sovereign is the one person who can bring you down both physically and mentally. We may lose this base but this is only a distraction the real end game will come in the war..." The wrath demon shouted when Simon decided he heard enough. 

Simon decided to show the true extent to his tentacles well the new extent that was altered by the radiation. Simon released all 30 of his tentacles as he concentrated on making the tentacles that he saw in the videogame walkthroughs the Darkness and the Darkness 2. Simon found it easy enough to make those specific tentacles as he walked out of the shadows, Simon was exerting an aura of sheer hatred that was fuelling his current state. The wrath demon really hit a nerve within Simon. As one of his tentacles sliced the arms off the shapeshifting demon extinguishing her ability to make weapons while blood was still pouring out of the holes where the arms were the same tentacle tore the head clean off leaving the body to fall to the ground lifeless as the head bounced off the floor a few yards away. The other demon tried to make a run for the exit but Simon got to him first as Simon managed to do the impossible bring terror to the wrath demon. 

Simon using the clean tentacle as the other was drenched in blood from the first demon he killed in that cell hunted the wrath demon down. As the tentacle dragged the demon towards Simon while simultaneously stripping him of his sphere but leaving enough so he remained in his demon form. While the now powerless demon was at the mercy of Simon and his hatred, the Sovereign broke free of his bonds. Before the Sovereign could do anything Simon reacted. 

"Don't you dare mention that to me and tell me who the Sovereign is." Simon demanded as his anger got the best of him this time. Simon manages to keep a strong hold on his anger however every now and then his anger gets too much to contain. 

The wrath demon just laughed as the tentacle snapped his neck leaving a lifeless corpse in the tentacle. As the two tentacles split back into the 30 tentacles that Simon has and retreated back into his back leaving a t-shirt ripped to smithereens. "I liked this t-shirt." Simon deadpanned as he was raining his anger in once again. The sovereign was shocked that Simon had so much anger in him so much that he could be capable of those gruesome acts but not even reaching the sovereign's standards. 

"Lucky you're on our side" the sovereign added as the time bubble worked enough for the sovereign to regain his strength and break the bonds holding him in place. 

While Simon was composing himself the sovereign decided to break the silence in the cell. "I have never seen such controlled rage at such a high level that you mould your demon power into such destruction." 

"That's what they get for making me so angry." 

"What did they say to make so angry?"  the sovereign enquired. 

"They mentioned my childhood more specifically what he did to me." Simon replied once he had composed himself. Simon then told the Sovereign what had happened to him during his childhood right up to the moment he got Terra to kill him or did she? New evidence shows that Terra didn't kill him even though there was blood all over the cell and Simon was there to see him in the holding cell at Tristan's mansion. 

"What's your plan Simon I know you have one otherwise you wouldn't have acted." The Sovereign asked while studying Simons expression to see if it was a calculated risk or a boneheaded move. 

"I do have a plan from sharing my senses with Slamaria through the mark, I can sense that everyone is alright no lives have been lost. When they broke in I sensed a strong degree of another mind that was in control. There are a few of them loyal to the cause and I know a couple who can extract anything from anyone back at the mansion. So I purpose that we contain those demons and eliminate the mind control." 

"Great plan Simon except you are missing one variable. I am not your Sovereign." At that moment the sovereigns form shifted to reveal the grotesque form of a nightmare demon. A demon so terrifying that it can willingly shift its entire being to take the form of an ally. This is to lull them into a sense of false security while the life essence is drained gradually until it is past the point of no return. 

"You're not the Sovereign I remember." Simon spluttered trying to contain the fear in his voice. 

The demon laughs before saying,"I AM THE SOVEREIGN OF THIS REGION, I HAVE BEEN AT THIS FOR MANY YEARS WAITING FOR THE MOMENT TO STRIKE. I AM THE ONE WHO GOT THE OTHER DEMONS TO STRIKE TO BRAINWASH THE DEMON LORDS AND ERRADICATE THE HUMAN RACE. THEY ARE WEAK, PATHETIC AND BEGGING TO BE CONTROLLED."  
