 When Simon and Slamaria walked through the portal back to the mansion leaving the Sovereign court empty, both Slamaria and Simon noticed that Harmony found her way to the mansion in the UK. While Simon and Slamaria was walking through the mansion they both noticed that all the demons were looking at Simon with weary eyes. "They can sense that you are now a sovereign of this region, just like the nightmare demon. What happened to his power sphere anyway?" Simon heard Slamaria voice through the mark.  

"The power sphere didn't have anywhere to go once the mind of the nightmare demon was destroyed so the only other place the power could go was inside me. Though nearly all the power was used to burst out of the stone remains of the nightmare demon, the only parts of the nightmare sphere that remains within myself is enough to peer into the dreams of those who are asleep." Simon replied back to Slamaria through the mark. 

When they both walked into the room where Cara, Terra and Marik were the residents in the room turned to see Simon and Slamaria. "What is going to happen now with the demon population?" Cara asked Simon and Slamaria. 

"We are going to war and send the signal out indicating war to every member of our army." Simon replied to Cara's question, as they all left the room to get everything sorted with the signals and preparing the rest of the army ready to go. So the scientists, mechanics and meta-humans can prepare all the weapons and get everyone accounted for to take on the opposing army. This left Simon and Slamaria alone in the study at the heart of the mansion. 

"You have an important call to make with the other Sovereigns, I will leave you my love and check on everyone." Slamaria said to Simon, as Simon hacked his way into the other sovereigns systems. As the call rang out on their systems Simon decided to try to use the JARVIS programme, a programme designed to allow the voiceless interface called JARVIS to create two side by side video links in thin air. Along with encrypting the call to such a degree using ancient methods to send who ever tries to hack into the call, spiralling into the truth about the world, where they will then spontaneously combust into fire where they make the transition from the human world to the demon world. While they spike Katy and Jacque will be there moments later to recruit the newly formed demon where Harmony will do her job and make the transition smoother. 

"Sovereign Warner this is most unexpected but not unorthodox given what us two saw you do with the nightmare demon, saving everyone there to aid humanity." One of the sovereigns said, with a thick Australian accent, this demon controlled Australia, Africa, Iceland, Greenland and Italy. The sovereign was the 2000 year old demon who commanded the spheres of transformation and dark matter, who was known simply as Ezio 'The Reaper' Simplorean. Translated from the ancient demon language. This demon was one of the first demons to come into existence.

However the first demon was the second Sovereign who controls the continent of Asia, she controlled the spheres of Teleportation, Wrath, Terror and Ice, a deadly combination. This demon was called Yuki 'The Silencer' Romanloff, also translated from the ancient demon language. She was the first demon to come into existence; all the current demons could trace their genetics back to her. 

"I know it's unscheduled but we need to get a battle plan ready for the war that is coming." Simon replied to Ezio's statement. 

"What do you suggest?" Yuki spoke in a light Japanese accent however that light voice brought wisdom and authority with it this question was aimed at the two sovereigns; both of them knew that the question was aimed squarely at Simon. Ezio knew this and kept quite as he too was intrigued, due to their data on Simon he was a loyal, calculated half breed who could make any plan work. 

"We first need to identify ourselves with the world leaders so we don't have to worry about humanity so we can get the alliance made for during and after the forth coming war..." Simon started however Yuki pierced Simon's train of thought. 

"Leave that to us we can sort that out right Ezio?" 

"That's right Yuki it's the least we can do to repay the young sovereign for saving us, while we have voted to stand together in this war along with all the demons have within our regions." Ezio proudly interjected.

"The next step is we need to flush the opposing sovereign who controlled the nightmare demon out into the open, along with the army he/she possesses. We will need to annihilate some smaller demons who control bigger portions of their army, this simultaneous assault will force them to come teleport to somewhere else. Thanks to the ancient machine in the sovereign court we can control where they go, I can programme the machine to allow them to portal to the golden gate bridge in America where we will face the army, in this war." Simon revealed his plan to the other sovereigns. 

"That is ballsy cobba..." Ezio started saying. 

"But it'll work." Yuki finished. 

"Send word via this link when the world leaders have been convinced." Simon started his voice calm as he was suppressing the emotions. 

"We both have issued the dream demons to start work with the world leaders; they have all successfully intercepted the dreams of the leaders. By the morning they will be on our side meaning that humanity will be our allies." Yuki informed Simon. 

"This means we have the night to prepare until we counterattack, none of us like being manipulated especially by the lowest of demons, a nightmare demon is just cowardly and the only one around in this world was killed by your hand." Ezio said allow his anger to come to the surface when he was speaking about the nightmare demon who took control of the two sovereigns using a form of its nightmare sphere this locks the target into a never ending nightmare where the mind is locked away from the body. 

"This act has only sealed the opposing army's fate." Yuki added her voice calm as Simons voice. 

"I need to clear something up, knowledge I gained from the nightmare demon before I exploded it to escape. Do you know about the nightmare demon was working for the opposing Sovereign?" Simon asked as he was mentally preparing himself for the answer. 

"Yes we gathered that as the tactics used to trap us was cowardly, the play of a demon who wants the a massacre." Ezio said making his views on their enemy sovereign. 

"Did you two know what the sphere of the opposing sovereign controlled?" Simon asked the two although there blank stares spoke volumes. So Simon told them everything he had learnt from the nightmare demon regarding the Sovereign of the opposing army, keeping out the personal revelation that he gained about his birth family. All three of them ended the call and Simon took a deep breath and left the room to go check on everything. 

"Simon what is the plan?" Slamaria asked not metres from the room that they use for their joint office. Though she was joined by Cara, Terra, Marik, Jack, Erin and Madison all eager to know the plan. 

"Get some rest even those demons who don't sleep knock them out if you have too, I was everyone rested for the early start." Simon told everyone present as they went to head to bed, Slamaria spoke to everyone through the communicator in her ear. For the first time in demon history the entire army even the demons who are awake in the night were a asleep. As everything went from being busy to be deathly still. Even Simon and Slamaria went to sleep as it was midnight by the time everything died down. 

2am 

Slamaria awoke as her mark to Simon was glowing bright red and the sensation was warm to Slamaria, enough to gentle wake her up. Slamaria looked around the room even in the dark she could see that Simon wasn't in bed. Slamaria thought he was in a different part of the mansion. That's when a gentle breeze of wind blew through the room, that's when Slamaria saw the curtains move in the wind revealing where Simon had gone. Slamaria walked out, fully in her demon form, onto the balcony that they had adjoined to their room. Sure enough sat on the bench at the end of the balcony was Simon in his human form lit up by the moonlight. 

"Lovely still night for a bit of stargazing." Slamaria spoke softly when she reached the bench, sitting next to Simon, looking up at the morning sky as she spoke. 

"Slamaria I didn't want to wake you." Simon replied his voice no more than the faintest whisper was filled with sadness, guilt and apology. 

"My love no need to apologise, anyway I would've noticed anyway as we are joined by the mark." As Slamaria raised her arm revealing that the mark was glowing intensely. 

"What is the matter Simon, the emotions I can feel through the mark its unlike you." 

"Just concerned about a few things; the calm before the storm being one of them." 

"We are all concerned about it Simon this is the biggest war any of us have faced with the greatest toll if either side falters." 

"I suppose it is in a way though I cannot help but wonder what the toll will be at the end." 

"None of us can tell my love." There was a pause that lasted a few minutes as they were looking at the moon as it was a full moon and a starry night in the UK. 

"The other thing that is on my mind is the knowledge that I gained from the nightmare demon about my family." 

"I'm a monster!" Simon continued as his calm exterior faded away as he broke down and began to cry. Slamaria pulled him into a deep hug pulling him into her as they sat side by side. 

"You're not a monster Simon you're a kind person who has brought so much good into this world." 

"I am a monster I learnt that my father the one who ... you know, was a demon himself who forced my mother into giving up her powers making herself human so he could get his cronies to kill her. She was just a pawn in his twisted plan." 

"He's the monster not only for sexually abusing you but for tricking Ella into doing that." Slamaria allowed her anger to show itself.

"If he was a demon then who did Terra kill when you took over shortly after the battle with Batherox?" Slamaria enquired confusion now showing.

"I don't know and I hate not knowing but that's not the only thing Slamaria." Simon took a deep breath in before he told Slamaria the last piece. 

"My father if I can call him that is the Sovereign we are about to battle and that's not the last of the bad news. He's a rape demon." 

"I thought those were just something to scare people, I thought rape demons existed. Does that take some of your guilt away?" 

"How do you mean Slamaria?" 

"Well I know as well as everyone else that you're carrying a massive amount of guilt around with you as you blame yourself for being sexually abused." 

"Not really I still should've done something to fight him off me." Simon sobbed into Slamaria's armoured arm. 

"You were a child all the times it happened Simon. You couldn't have prevented it. I know that guilt will stay with you all your life along with the anger, sadness, anxiety, confusion and avoidance. But look at everything you accomplished since then. You've risen to the height of Sovereign in a short space of time; you've saved everyone countless times over not to mention taking precautions and calculated risks to benefit everyone." Slamaria finished as she was now feeling Simons pain and the weirdest thing was that it wasn't through the mark. 

"I suppose so Slamaria but..." Simon started attempting to talk Slamaria down. 

"No buts Simon you are a good person who have people willing to help you like the story you read on the internet titled 'The Time for Hope'. Where Clara tells Tom about everything he's accomplished and you can tell that the writer has been through the same as you by the negativity he has about himself. Heck I would go as far to say that the writer is speaking from the heart in that." 

"You are right there Slamaria and anyway it's time we get some sleep after all we have the first day of the war in a few hours." As both Simon and Slamaria stood up heading back into the room, half way up to the room Slamaria said one final thing to Simon before they got some sleep. 

"We are in this together Simon, I know rape victims close themselves off and that they don't confide in anyone despite having people around to help them survive. But whether you like it or not you have not only me but the entire army and two other sovereigns there to help along with their armies. When the day comes where you have to face the person who raped you, you won't be alone." The duo made their way to the bed, making sure that the doors to the balcony was closed and locked. 

In the morning of the beginning of the war

Simon was stood not only with his and Slamaria's army with Slamaria stood on Simons left side, there was two screens using the JARVIS programme having the two Sovereigns as they were doing the same with their own armies. However Simon had to use the JARVIS programme to speak to all the demons in the other countries that he obtained from killing the nightmare demon, luckily the other demon lords and ladies were there to see Simon take over as the sovereign so no one needed to be filled in. 

"Everyone this is the beginning of the war the final battle for our existence along with the fate of earth is at risk. The two sovereigns including myself have come up with a plan to combat the opposing army. I will be splitting you all into groups to take destroy one of the ones on this list, I will assign the groups to a demon on the list however you will not only be alone as the other sovereigns are assigning the same amount of demons to take the place down. Now the meta-humans will stay here along with the eternals and protect the mansion. Four of you will take a special mission and even the Sovereigns will be taking on a demon on the list as of now we all are soldiers." Simon bellowed leading the army along with the sovereigns into war. Simon handed out all the demons there assignments they all prepared to launch their assaults but they were waiting for Simon to finish his speech. 

"None of the bases must be standing an hour before this meeting started I got word that the world leaders are on our side, from now on humanity knows that demons exist even as we speak the word is being spread so do what you must to win so long as no innocent beings get caught in the crossfire. This is war but as soon as we start killing humans we are no different than the opposing side. One final thing before everyone is dismissed to show our hand in this war. If you get injured battle just as hard and if you get killed walk it off." Simon finished before everyone knew he had finished, leaving the air silent allowing the last words he uttered just hang there as he left the room, signalling that they are all sent to their missions.

Everyone took their cue leaving the room to head towards their assigned destinations. None of them saw where Simon went but he was heading to the demon with the highest presence along with the second in command to the opposing sovereign. Against Ezio and Yuki's pleas Simon was taking it on ALONE. 

Slamaria ran with Rebecca, Jack and Marik on a special mission to recover Cierra, Rebecca's and Jack the ripper's child. "Hey where's Simons secret project gone?" Slamaria enquired out loud as she noticed that the door was open the door that only Simon has access to. Simon was working on a project that only he knew about that door was closed when Slamaria tried using the mark to see what was happening. When Slamaria and her team passed through the portal in the mansion while, Simon had before the call with the sovereigns sent the blueprints to the mechanically minded demons to make the alterations with the portal room. The alteration was that as long as the portal was open anyone who passed through would head to the destination that they needed to head to. This keyed into their mind looking for specific locations of where Simon told them to go. 

With Simon 

Simon used his project to blast his way through the gates of the mansion where the second in command resigned. His project was a duel runner one that he created to look like Yusei Fudo's from Yu-Gi-Oh 5Ds but instead of using holograms like in the anime. Simons duel runner used the power of the shadow realm to create objects that he thinks. This was done my using the mystic art of demon 'magic' this focussed on the riders mind to allow the raw energy of the shadow realm to its advantage. One of the many things Simon learnt off the nightmare demon in the battle, even when shadow demons passed through the shadow realm they are shielded from the raw power but the runner was being used as a catalyst to channel the power between the realms. The object Simon decided on was a battering ram using the momentum from the speed he was going which couldn't be measured by human technology, to knock the steel gates off their hinges making his presence known to the enemy which was a part of his plan. 

As the demons ran towards the front door as it was impossible not to hear it, Simon used the power of the shadow realm to hide his duel runner in a force field which made it impossible to see the runner. Simon then used his shadow power to get himself inside but not on the same level as the demons rushed too, his plan was to allow them to kill themselves. He knew that there were over 9 million demons alone in this place and the biggest threat was the wrath demons. So Simon headed to where the wrath demons were, which he found by looking for their shadows, as Simon mastered how to use the shadows to sense what sphere the demon was. This allowed to have the element of surprise with them as he exited the shadow realm he released all his tentacles so he could execute his plan. 

This part of this plan was simple enough; his plan was to strip the demons of their spheres making them human. However Simon was going to use his own shadow sphere to replace the partial sphere they would have left inside them. As all demons become human when half of their sphere is gone so Simon was going to make them appear human but he was going to use the shadow realm to complete the sphere, this would send the demons mad enough to attack their own allies. That was phase 1 of his plan phase 2 was to teleport them up a few hundred stories as the arenas where the wrath demons were underneath the entrance by 200 storeys. However Simon was going to teleport them without shielding so the raw power of the shadows would affect them. Where after being exposed and driven insane they would appear on the ground level of this place where all the demons were gathered reading for what they thought as an attack from outside. 

20 minutes later 

Simons plan had worked although the ordeal had left Simon nearly exhausted as he used up to much of his life essence to do this. He would have to gain his energy back the only way a lust demon can, by having sex. 

He staggered up all the flights of stairs; he wasn't worried about bumping into any demons as they were all busy fighting the demons Simon had used as his puppets. When he got to floor 199 he noticed that the demon he was there to kill was experimenting on humans. This only made Simon more angry as he noticed men, woman and children tied up like livestock some had different parts of their body transformed, others were physically glowing as their life essence was being used to run a machine, the machine in question was a dream land they were being used as batteries to keep the machine functioning. Simon had to take a detour into the room as all the humans looked at Simon, all of them were looking at Simon with pity in their eyes as he must've looked like the newest victim. But all the humans man and women were looking down at Simon's cock and balls, that is when Simon realised that his clothes never survived a long trip in the shadow realm so his was completely naked. 
