 He comes to me in my dreams, the handsome man with the seductive voice. He started visiting me at the age of twelve; the month after my first period and he comes to me in times of stress or under a waning moon. But now, at eighteen, he haunts my nights more than ever.

When he comes to me, it always begins the same; I'm alone in complete darkness until I call upon a merciful light of goodness. A spotlight from the heavens envelops me and I'm safe from the pair of glowing red eyes menacing me from the darkness. He's tried luring me from the light with bright candy apples and scaring me from it with snarls and gnashing teeth, but I've remained safe within it. But lately, he's been coming to me in the world between awake and fully asleep and steps into the light; tall, handsome and beguiling and scarier than any monster you can imagine. Tonight he appeared with tousled black hair and deep brown eyes sparkling with shards of golden light. Shirtless, bronzed in silk pajama bottoms, his smile was as charming as a prince.

"Hello, Penelope," he said, with his honey dipped voice.

"Who are you?"

"If I wanted that to be known, I'd have told you."

"What do you want from me?" I cried. "My soul? Because I'll never give it to you. It's mine until I die and then I give it back to God."

He is a creature of so few words, each one heavy and ominous. He stepped closer to me smelling like clove cigarette smoke. I now stand before him naked in the light.

I whispered, "It'll never be yours. Never."

He put his arm around my waist, hugging me close to his warm skin, bringing me fully into this realm. He smells of sandalwood and when his lips descend upon mine, I let go of the awake world and give in to his pleasurable kiss. 

I've kissed him many times before in this room that emerges from the shadows; small and dark green, lit from a raging fire from a massive fireplace and a canopy bed covered with a green velvet spread. He turned me around, cradling up to my butt as he kissed my neck. My eyes closed from pleasure and opened where, in a great gold framed mirror, I see myself naked. In this world, I always look flawless with my dream body of a smaller waist and longer legs. My skin is luminescent and my curly hair shines an apple washed gold. Striking was the contrast between us, his fit bronzed body against my milky white mortal skin. We looked sexy and resplendent. We looked immortal.

His hand pawed at my breasts and nibbled at my neck before he spun me around to face him. I looked into his other worldly eyes, captivated by their dark depths which seemed to hold a universe. He began to back me up and I helplessly stumbled to the bed on which I fell. I scooted away from him as he crawled onto the bed and caught my ankle. He pulled me towards him across the velvet until he was kneeling between my knees. He split them open as he flattened over me and his mouth descended upon my stomach, licking it, nuzzling it, until his teeth teasingly gnawed at my flesh.

He moved down my body, until his head was between my thighs and I closed my eyes, sinking back into the plush bed as his silky tongue began to thrust into my aroused pussy. My hips quivered from tremors of pure pleasure sparking through my loins. But as he licked me, his tongue became rougher and I could feel coarse hair, like that of a boar, sprout from his hairless body against my inner thighs. Patches of it scraped against my skin as he licked me. His once strong fingers became thick dull claws digging against my hips and I realized he had changed into something... something beastly. I didn't dare open my eyes, squeezing them tight against the sight of him. I felt a pointed tongue widen as it snake up into my vagina, moving unnaturally and filling me until I screamed.

"Noooo. No. No," I pleaded.

He stopped. I peeked through my half shut lids, over my heaving breasts, to see his beautiful head pop up from between my legs. He crawled up over me and I turned my head away, closing my eyes as I lay helpless yet wanting. I writhed under the claws that raked over my breasts and latched onto my ribs.

I kept my eyes closed, feeling coarse hair brushing against my thighs as he roughly entered me. I held onto his body enjoying the sensation of his preternatural flesh in mine. But it began to change; it hardness becoming as cold and rough as a cast iron skillet. Prickly coarse hair sprouted against my hands as he pumped me with his cold, rough rod and I peeked down between us. His penis was long and as dark as a blackberry as was his skin. He was full beast, revealed in his true nature, a side I'd never seen before. I shut my eyes against the horror as he jostled me on the bed. So unnatural and bestial, but different and exciting, my breasts bounced with every ramming thrust. I felt the orgasm fluttering into spasms and shamefully began to cum, arching against him as my muscles shuddered in great spasms.

"You're mine," he said. "Mine."

He yanked my knees up to my ears, his claws digging into my hips as his beastly body slapped against my naked flesh. I didn't resist for fear his claws would pierce my flesh and went limp has he had his way. He savagely rammed me until it hurt and with one final impaling thrust, he came deep inside me with a loud growling groan. He let go of me. My hips fell onto the bed. I opened my eyes, mesmerized by the shadows of wings and claws dancing across the walls. He was kneeling beside me, beautifully human again in his pajama bottoms. Breathing hard, he looked down upon me with wonder. I laid there spent, ashamed of myself and I curled up, ashamed of my nakedness.

I said, "You'll never have my soul. Never."

I awoke with a start, my heart beating wildly. I turned on the light, trying to control my breathing when I doubled over with a tremendous cramp from supernatural sex. I got out of my bed and ran to my roommate's room to climb into her bed. We're not lesbians, but she cuddles with me if I join her.

"Demon lover come back?" she sleepily asked.

"Yeah," as I spooned next to her, terrified that one night my demon lover will leave with my soul.