 The secret chamber behind Miss DeVille's study was compact and cosy, illuminated by a chandelier hanging from the centre of the ceiling. Against the far wall was a four poster bed adorned with four plump pillows, surrounded by silk curtains that had been tied back against each post. On the right hand side of the bed in the corner was a magnificent grandfather clock. 

To the right there was a dresser with four drawers standing in front of a wall. Sitting on the top were a silver goblet and a decanter of red wine. On the wall above was an oil painting of a distinguished looking gentleman who appeared to be gazing in the direction of the bed. As was Miss DeVille, he was dressed in eighteenth century clothing. 

The wall opposite the bed adjacent to the door had four chains hanging from it. A shackle was attached to each chain and from their position on the wall, the correct height for hands and feet. The wall to the left housed a bay window that overlooked the neighbouring graveyard.

Miss DeVille had led Aaron and Beth into the chamber from the study after they had finished pleasuring each other on the desk as she had looked on. It was still Halloween and although Midnight was just over an hour and a half away, there was no time to waste.

'Beth please make yourself comfortable on the bed whilst I deal with Aaron.' Beth walked over to the bed as instructed by Miss DeVille and lay in the centre on her back. Aaron was then led by his right hand over to the wall and soon found himself shackled against it. 

Aaron thought about protesting but ever since his first detention he had found himself incapable of speech whenever he was near Miss DeVille. Unable to resist, Miss DeVille ran her fingers through Aaron's chest hair before playfully kissing him on the lips. As she turned away she whispered 'Enjoy the view.' 

Now that his view of the bed was not obscured, Aaron could see Beth lying on her back, in the centre. Beth, noticing that Aaron could see her clearly, proceeded to caress each of her nipples in turn. In order to tease Aaron further she tantalisingly licked two fingers on her right hand before inserting them in her pussy. 

Beth propped herself up so she could see Aaron clearly and was further aroused by some pre cum that was dribbling from the tip of his throbbing penis. Aaron, longing to masturbate could only look on as Beth pleasured herself. 

Miss Deville allowed this to continue for ten minutes as she gazed up at the portrait. Upon turning away a stream of ancient words left her lips. Once Miss DeVille had made her way over to the window she glanced up at the night sky and muttered several more words in the same ancient dialect. Once the moon made an appearance Miss DeVille turned away from the window and headed over to the bed.

'Move over Beth.' Miss DeVille ordered as she reached the bed. Beth shifted herself slightly to her left to make room. Miss DeVille joined Beth on the bed and began kissing her neck. After working her way down with her tongue, she reached Beth's heaving breasts. As Miss DeVille licked both of Beth's nipples, Beth began stroking herself at a slightly faster tempo. 

At this point Aaron was ready to explode and had sweat dripping down his face. 'Are you close to coming my dears?' Miss DeVille enquired of Aaron and Beth. They both nodded. Miss DeVille gently removed Beth's fingers from her pussy so she could use her own tongue to carry on pleasuring Beth. After licking her lips clean Beth lay back fully enjoying the feel of Miss DeVille's tongue inside her. 

After pleasuring Beth for twenty minutes the clock struck the first chime of eleven causing Miss DeVille to increase her efforts. On the fifth chime Beth climaxed over Miss DeVille's tongue. The clock soon reached the tenth chime and Miss DeVille removed her tongue from Beth's sodden quim. 

Moments after the eleventh and final chime sounded the clouds parted and the full moon became visible. The painting above the dresser lit up as moon beams poured down upon the canvas. The frame of the painting began to shimmer until a bright white light filled the room. 

Once the intense light had dissipated Aaron's eyes were attracted to a tall figure standing by the side of the bed looking down upon Beth and Miss DeVille. The stranger stood just over six feet tall, had jet black hair and was slimly built. Beth was startled by the appearance of the stranger and pushed Miss DeVille away from her. 

'At last you have joined me once again my darling Edmund,' exclaimed Miss DeVille as she turned her head round. 

'I know my dearest Adeline it has been well over two centuries,' replied Edmund. 

Miss DeVille had finally tracked down Edmund's portrait six months earlier. The last piece of the jigsaw had been to lure Aaron to enrol on her Mythology course. The promise of free tuition and accommodation had been too hard for Aaron to resist as he was passionate about the subject.

Edmund now turned his gaze towards Beth, who on making eye contact with the mysterious stranger fell into a deep sleep. Aaron was taken aback, who was this man and what had just happened to Beth? Why was the painting now a blank canvas on the wall? 

Miss DeVille having wasted no time was in possession of the goblet and strode purposefully over to Aaron. She grasped his still erect penis and began to stroke away vigorously. 'No time to waste, the moon will only be visible for another hour.' After two minutes Aaron started to ejaculate despite his best efforts not to. Miss DeVille held the goblet close enough catching enough semen to line the bottom of the vessel. 

'Your tenth generation sperm is precious Aaron as it is the vital ingredient required to put right the wrongs of your forefathers. Two hundred and fifty years ago to the day my darling Edmund was put under a curse and trapped in that canvas. Once Edmund is free of the curse we shall exact our revenge on your family by taking your life as you are the only living male left. Don't worry about Beth she shall become our plaything and spend eternity entertaining us!' Miss DeVille cackled as she finished the last sentence. 

Miss DeVille returned to the dresser, setting the goblet down next to the decanter. She decanted the red wine and poured enough into the goblet so it was three quarters full before declaring, 'Now we need some blood from Beth to act as a binding agent.' 

Edmund bent over Beth and bared his teeth to reveal a pair of razor sharp fangs. He proceeded to carefully make an incision in Beth's neck. Sucking carefully, Edmund took great care not to drain Beth dry, tempting as it was. After savouring the feel of her tender neck, Edmund removed a mouthful of blood. As he withdrew his fangs he noticed Miss DeVille was now standing by the side of the bed. With the goblet in her left hand, Edmund dribbled the fresh blood from his mouth into the vessel. 

Miss DeVille quickly undressed Edmund until he was naked. The excitement of tasting blood for the first time in centuries had aroused him. Placing the goblet on the floor Miss DeVille knelt before Edmund before wrapping her mouth around his fully erect manhood. Tenderly she sucked away until Edmund climaxed filling her mouth with his matured semen. Edmund still tasted as good as ever. 

Miss DeVille turned her head to where the goblet was and picked it up. She dribbled enough semen from her mouth into the goblet to form a thin layer on top of the strange mixture within. Indulging herself she swallowed the rest of the semen left in her mouth, licking her lips clean afterwards. She placed her right index finger inside the goblet and began stirring the increasingly bizarre concoction. After a few minutes she declared 'It's ready!' 

At this point Edmund undid the lace strapping running down the back of Miss DeVille's gown and tenderly slipped it from her curvy body allowing it to fall to the floor. 

Edmund drank two sips from the goblet before seizing it from his beloved Adeline. He poured the remaining contents over her breasts and watched as the liquid trickled down the rest of her body. 'This reminds me of when we first made love, although you were covered in your own blood back then!' With a lusty glint in his eye Edmund enquired 'Have we got time Adeline?'

Miss DeVille nodded. 'Our revenge on Aaron and his family can wait for now.' With haste she made her way over to the bed and stretched her five foot eight frame over the end furthest from the wall. Having discarded the goblet on the floor Edmund strode over to the bed. The sight of Miss DeVille with her sumptuous bottom in the air had aroused him once more. Edmund parted her legs slightly and placed his left hand on the small of her back before grasping his cock with his right hand. 

'Adeline your skin is as smooth as the last time I caressed you!' exclaimed Edmund. 

Miss DeVille explained, 'I have been collecting semen from my male students and rubbing it into my skin to halt the aging process. I have also remained celibate since you have been gone Edmund, although I have indulged myself by watching some homemade videos of certain students.' 

After carefully inserting himself inside Miss DeVille's bottom, Edmund placed his right hand around Miss DeVille's right hip. Once he had steadied himself he began thrusting in a forward motion with his pelvis. As each thrust was completed Miss DeVille bit her top lip. She had not enjoyed a pounding like this since Edmund had become trapped in the painting. Eventually Miss DeVille screamed loudly as Edmund exploded inside her. 

Edmund withdrew himself, clutched Miss DeVille's left hand and led her over to the dresser. Miss DeVille opened the top drawer and removed a dagger. They both gazed at Aaron with revenge filling their eyes. This was the weapon that would be used to end his life. 

'Once your throat is sliced open Aaron you will have but a few moments to gaze upon Beth until your life is at an end.' Miss DeVille sneered. 

Edmund, now with the dagger in his left hand, turned towards Miss DeVille. 'Let's get this over with so I can be free once more.' 

As they turned to take a step forward they were both stopped in their tracks. The clock had begun to strike Midnight. A powerful beam of blue light from the moon now bathed their naked bodies. The potion smeared on Miss DeVille's body melted away instantly and they both became surrounded by an eerie mist.

After the clock had chimed for the twelfth and final time the mist in the room had cleared and the moon was once again covered by thick clouds. Edmund and Miss DeVille had vanished from the room. The shackles chaining Aaron to the wall had fallen away and he was free. Instinctively he made his way over to the bed and tenderly shook Beth until she was awake.

Beth and Aaron realised they should leave straight away and hurriedly made their way back to the study where their clothes were. Behind them the painting on the wall had been transformed. There sitting looking at each other for all eternity were Edmund Maprive and his beloved wife Adeline DeVille.