 With thanks to Darkniciad for all the red ink.

*

Tessa couldn't stop staring at the candy-red cock. It was red like the rest of him, red like the horns that protruded from his head.

"You want it, don't you, little girl?" The Devil's mocking rumble was punctuated by a throaty laugh, the kind of laugh that would have made a bad girl squeal.

But Tessa was a good girl. She shivered and backed away. "No." Her whisper rose to a shout: "No!" 

"No! No!!"

In an instant her husband was shaking her, waking her up. "Honey, what's wrong?!" Frantically he handled her shoulder. "Tessa, wake up!"

Gradually her eyes glazed into focus. She was coated in sweat. "It was the dream."

"Baby, oh baby." Gabe held her and rocked her in his arms. He kissed her clammy forehead. "You've got to get some help for this thing."

The next night the dream started out the same way: she was cold.

It wasn't the kind of cold that could be easily remedied by a knee-length down coat from Lands' End, the kind that cost $200. She had that.

It was the kind of cold that bit through said coat from having been walking in the snow, make that a blizzard, for hours. At three times her height, power lines twirled like kids' jump ropes. A heavy clap of thunder boomed through the storm. Lightning smacked its spark, spat at the snowflakes and threatened to swipe at the wires where they swung from pole to pole. Tessa would have cried, from fear as much as from the pain of deep cold, but the tears would have frozen on her cheeks.

Then on the ground, directly in front of her, a burning red heart appeared in the snow. Its semi-puffed shape glowed like a cinnamon candy. Tessa stared in amazement. Upon closer inspection, the words engraved on the heart were revealed: "You are beautiful."

The young woman looked all around, even up at the sky, as if she could discern where the heart had come from. But the white-out conditions yielded no clues.

Her bewilderment was compounded by the appearance of another heart, bright red like the first one, just a few feet away. This one said, "You are desirable."

Tessa picked up the first heart and put it into her breast pocket. It radiated a cozy warmth, like a hand-warmer that a hunter would use. As she approached the second one, she noticed a third. It wasn't that she saw them appear so much as she simply noticed them. She realized she was looking down a red dotted line.

The trail of hearts led her through the blizzard. Each bore a message of romance. Some of the messages were affectionate and some were downright sexy ("You have beautiful breasts"). When her pockets were full of heart-shaped notes, she began stuffing them into her shirt.

The climate through which she marched, foot after foot after endless foot, began to change. The snows dissipated and the storm calmed away. The hearts became heart-shaped wildflowers, too numerous to count. The trees, too, bore heart-shaped leaves, as did the vines that twirled up their boles. The land flowed from spring into summer.

The long down coat was too hot now. Tessa fell to her knees and pulled it off. Like a spilled bag of valentines, the hearts she had carried dumped out on the ground. They made a red halo around her.

Suddenly she was conscious of someone standing in front of her where she knelt. The legs were red, not as if from a sunburn, but a glowing Pantone #485. "Oh, no," she whispered. "Not again."

"Tessa...I want you, Tessa, don't you want me, even a little?"

Tessa looked up at her nightmare, at his good-looking square-cut jaw and his aquiline nose. He was dressed in nothing but a long black cape. The Devil had a swimmer's body and a long lashing tail. His back hair curled around his red scalp. A goatee accented his movie-star face.

"I can't want you. You're the Devil."

"Admit your deepest feelings, Tessa. You know you do!" His eyes followed her gaze. She was staring at his red prick. It was fatter than a post in a chain-link fence, with a crown more pronounced. Even when he was not erect he was huge. Tessa quailed before him.

"No... no..."

"Yes." He advanced a step closer. "Touch me, Tessa, see how good I feel in your hands."

Mesmerized, she reached out to touch the fat pole. Its crispy red skin sizzled like a frank fresh off the rollers. The Devil's wiener was bigger than anything ever served up at a ballpark. Tessa couldn't get her fingers around it. The living meat pulsed in her hand.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh." The Devil threw back his head as he moaned in pleasure. "Your touch is nice and cool on my cock." Then he looked down at her where she knelt.

"Suck me, Tessa. You know you want to."

The tip of his red rod brushed against her lips. Hypnotized, Tessa found her mouth pursed in a welcoming kiss. "Mmmmm..."

Just as her tongue flickered out like a snake's, she woke.

"Ohhh..." she moaned. Her whole body felt fevered, infected. Sweat slicked her skin. The nightgown was too hot and she tore it off, half-expecting a shower of red hearts to fall out. It was her own heat that bloomed around her.

Thirst plagued her tongue. Never had she more greatly desired a cock in her mouth. Her husband lay on his side with his back to her. She licked her lips, eying his boxers. Slowly she laid her mouth to his waist, nuzzling his love handle. The cotton of his underwear crinkled, like lips returning her kiss.

Gabe stirred and murmured. His forearm flapped at her hair. The sheets rustled as he rolled onto his back. "Tessa..."

Emboldened, she ran her tongue along the inside of his waistband. Her husband groaned and hooked his thumbs in his pants, helping her pull them down. He was hard. Tessa's excitement grew. Daintily she ran her lips down his length, savoring the feast. With the point of her tongue she wrote the letters of her name on her husband's cock. Then she took him in her mouth and sucked him ferociously.

Gabriel groaned and stretched. His big hands tousled her hair. "Oh, god. Oh god!" his voice rose and tightened.

"Mmmph!" She wrapped her arms around his ass and rolled them over so he was on top. Gabe went wild. Tessa had never so blatantly invited him to fuck her mouth. His cock bumped over her tongue and caromed against the roof of her mouth. He hollered and shot, flooding her mouth like a sudsing hot tub. Tessa swallowed the pulsing jets. Her tongue undulated against his flesh, swishing him in the warm bath. Some of his cum sloshed over the side.

Tessa suckled her husband, drinking in all she could get. Gabe finally pulled away. He drew her up beside him.

"What was that all about?" One beefy arm curled her to him.

Tessa snuggled into his hairy chest. "The Devil made me do it."

Gabe chuckled. It eased his mind somewhat that she could make a joke. Little did he know, their troubles were far from over.

* * *

Tessa tried to get help. She really did. She explained to a psychiatrist how depressed, anxious and frightened she felt by day; yet in her dreams, the Prince of Darkness aroused her lust to a fever pitch. 

The psychiatrist seemed to think her dreams were symbolic of some deeper problem. He said things like Electra complex and anxiety disorder. 

"You don't understand. I think this really is the Devil, and he's invading my dreams. He's real. And this has been going on for at least two weeks." Tessa's voice broke. Her palms were sweaty. She explained a second time that she didn't want to be unfaithful to her husband, yet she was entirely captivated, a slave to evil desire.

But the doctor gave her a hearty smile. "You aren't being unfaithful. It's only a dream. Let's give Ambien and Lexapro a try and see how you do. Come back and see me in a week." He consulted his calendar. "Does October twenty-ninth work for you?"

"Sure." Obediently she accepted his card with the date penned on the back.

Tessa was underwhelmed with the doctor's plan, but didn't know what else to do. She got the prescriptions filled.

Back home, she told Gabe all about it, hiccupping out tears and words. Her husband was worried. He gathered her in his arms.

"I feel like I'm supposed to protect you, darling, but I don't know how." He stroked her hair and soothed her. Then he pulled back.

"I've got an idea, honey, wait right here."

"Oh...okay." Tessa was confused but she knew her husband was up to every good. That was the sort of man he was. Sure enough, he was back within the hour, bearing a package that was little bigger than a breadbox.

"For you," he said proudly.

"What is it?"

"Open it and see." Gabe looked really pleased with himself.

The box bumped of its own accord and made a squeaky noise. Gabe was delighted to see his wife smiling broadly as she opened up the box and plucked out the wiggly grey kitten.

"She's beautiful!" Tessa hugged the little one gently. Instantly the name came to her: "Cleo. She'll be our good luck charm."

Cleo curled up in her new mistress's arms and purred herself to sleep. For a little while, Tessa was distracted as she hugged the kitty and cooed to it.

But inevitably, nighttime arrived, and with it, the same dream of evil lust. She was walking in a blizzard. A trail of cinnamon red hearts appeared before her. On the hearts were writ messages of affection and desire. She loved them, she gathered them up.

The land of winter slid quickly into the land of summer. The coat was too warm. Tessa struggled from it and fell to her knees. Surrounded by red heart-shaped tulips, dressed in only a cape, the Prince of Darkness appeared before her. He was lust incarnate. Deep as she was in an Ambien stupor, he would not let her rest.

"Taste me, Tessa, don't tease me, girl. You know I can bring you pleasure beyond compare."

"No! No!" cried out the beleaguered woman. Her husband shook her awake. The cat leapt off the bed.

"It's me, Tessa, the one who loves you. Tessa, wake up!"

In a weird mix of terror and lust, Tessa came to with her mouth watering for cock. She grabbed her husband and blew him through the headboard.

Within a few days it was clear that the drugs weren't helping. In fact it seemed they were making things worse. Or something was making things worse. Tessa stared at Gabe one night over dinner. Did his eyes just flash?

"What's wrong?" he asked. "You look at me as if you've never seen me before."

"I, I must be seeing things. Tomorrow I go see the doc again."

Sagely and slowly her Gabriel nodded. "I'm glad, honey. I want you to be well."

* * *

Little grey Cleo found the warm thing under the bed. Stupid two-legs! This belonged in the sunlight. Making the squeaky-toy noise, she picked up the semi-flat shape in her teeth, and dragged it into the living room. Ah! A nap in the sunlight. Her lithe feline body curled up on the heart, luxuriating in its heat.

Tessa found the kitten sleeping on the red heart. Nuts, I'm going nuts, she thought. This can't be. The protesting kitten rolled aside at her hand. The heart read, "I am yours and you are mine. Sleep with me tonight."

Tessa burst into tears.

Gabe came home to a totally distraught wife. "Honey, what's wrong?"

She showed him the nightmare's visceral evidence. The strength of his reaction surprised her. Not only was Gabe concerned for her mental health, he was angry.

"This is getting out of hand. Get your coat."

"Where are we going?" Tessa's tears subsided as her emotions wheeled around to surprise and puzzlement.

"We need a different kind of doctor."

Gabe drove them to a somewhat questionable neighborhood on the other side of the tracks. He stopped at a house where a neon hand, an eye in the center of its palm, glowed in the window.

"You can't be serious."

"Has that other quack helped you in the least bit?"

Tessa gave a faint snort of laughter. "No."

"Well, then." Gabe marched up the steps, Tessa trailing in his wake. The big man knocked firmly on the door.

A woman wearing a purple turban peered out. Under other circumstances, Gabe would have laughed. But he was fully prepared to take the medium seriously.

"Do you have an appointment?" Her voice held none of the gypsy accent of the movies. In fact, she sounded like an ordinary Midwesterner, and a somewhat cranky one at that.

"No, uh ... I'm sorry. This is an emergency. I take it you're Cassandra?"

Cassandra looked Gabe over. She canted her body to look past him at Tessa, whose eyes were still red from crying. The witch sighed. "All right, come in."

She showed them into an old-fashioned parlor with a loveseat, and invited them to sit down. Across from them in the La-Z-Boy, Cassandra propped her elbow on the arm of the chair and rested her index finger on her cheek. Her dress was a dull gold with a green crackled design on it.

"You do realize it's October thirty-first. My schedule is pretty full right now."

"I know, I know it's Halloween," started Gabe, but Cassandra cut him off.

"Samhain, dear boy. Samhain is tomorrow. Believe it or not, I've got cookies to bake like everyone else."

Gabe and Tessa looked at each other. Cassandra continued. "Now, what seems to be the problem."

"Tessa, you've got to talk about it."

She gave her husband a look of fear and reluctance, but realized they were at a crisis point. There seemed to be little choice. Tessa spilled everything, trying to be as discreet as possible. This was difficult given the subject matter. Cassandra maintained a professional attitude.

When Tessa finished, Cassandra let out a long, low whistle. "You guys do have a problem." She went on to explain that Samhain was the night when the curtain between the living and the dead was at its thinnest. It was at this time that souls might cross over.

"Let me see your palms."

Tessa stuck hers out first and was surprised when the medium announced, "Okay, nothing special there. Gabe, let me see yours."

And at the first touch, she snatched her hand away as if burned. "Oh, Goddess!" she gasped.

"What's wrong?!" cried Tessa. "You're white as a sheet!"

Indeed, Cassandra looked as if she would vomit, or as if she had just seen Someone, or maybe both. Her next command confused them even further.

"Gabe! Stand up, let me see your back." The man gave them both a this-is-weird look, but he turned around.

"Do I have to take my shirt off?"

"No, I don't think that will be necessary..." Cassandra patted her hands over the big man's back. Satisfied, she told them they were all done.

"What do you mean, we're done? That's it?"

"Listen. Your fate will be decided either tonight or tomorrow night. As I told you, the veil is very thin right now. It depends on you, Tessa."

"Me?!"

"Yes, you. It depends on when you let go of your own free will, and that won't be easy. My best advice to you is to go to sleep as you normally would and go with the flow. And you can throw away the pills, they won't do any good. I'm sorry I can't help you more than that." And she hustled them toward the door.

As they walked back toward the car, Tessa remarked that Cassandra hadn't asked for any money. Gabe said he figured some kind of tithe was in order anyway. So on the way home they stopped by the animal shelter where he had gotten their little grey kitten and made a donation.

The clerk expressed sincere thanks. "At this time of year, the sad fact is that animals are often tortured, especially black cats. Your donation will help us pay for their veterinary care." Gabe and Tessa were very sorry to learn this, and they chipped in a bit more money.

Then they didn't know what else to do, so they went on home, had a light meal, and fed cavity-causing treats to the little ghosts and Bill Clintons that appeared on their doorstep. By nine o'clock or so, the doorbell had been silent for a good thirty minutes; so they had a glass of wine and went on to bed.

Tessa clung to her husband in the dark. "Whatever happens, baby, I love you. I don't want to lose you," her voice breaking over the last words.

Gabriel wrapped her in his arms. "You won't lose me. I'm right here beside you."

With Cleo curled up at her feet, Tessa turned out the light. The dream returned stronger than ever. Tessa lost the last shreds of her will to resist. When the hearts appeared in her path, she followed them eagerly, not even stopping to pick them up. Into the land of summer she ran.

The Devil's cock would not fit all the way into her mouth. She could only get a couple of inches past the heart-shaped barb. Yet he tasted so damn good, she labored to swallow more. His cinnamon-ginger musk teased her taste buds. She sucked him as if he were made of sugar. Her tongue tickled deep in the ridge of his pole.

Beelzebub moaned. He thrust his red hardness further into her mouth. With her human tongue she worshipped the demon prick. As she swirled him and sucked him, her own desire grew. Tiny pearls of wetness beaded up on her sex.

Something hard and hot was down there, caressing her naked pink-white mound. It was his tail! Tessa shrieked and fell back on her heels, inadvertently exposing herself all the more. Her knees were splayed wide near the red demon feet, her buttocks resting on her heels. 

The Devil's tail was long and smooth, like the tail of an ox. It dangled down between his legs and ended in a heart-shaped barb, twin to the tip of his penis. 

"Let me make love to you, Tessa, as only I can. I will make you my queen. Everything you ever desire will be yours."

The arrow's point poked at her bull's-eye. Tessa shuddered as the cockhead speared hotly between her slick lips. It did feel good. In fact she had never experienced such powerful sexual pleasure.

"Now, my queen, suck me while I take you. We will please one another for all eternity." She watched his tail snake in and fuck her. The fiery ember head forged a burning path inside her. "Ohh... so-o-o-o-o-o... go-o-o-o-o-o-od..." she moaned.

She leaned forward and wrapped her lips around the wicked dick. Their bodies moved in an undulating motion of fucking and sucking. The Devil's tail worked at her sex relentlessly as his cock fucked her mouth. Some inner twin axle drove his rhythm. Tail, cock, tail, cock, he stabbed her wet cavities. "Mmmmph!" she cried out with her mouth full.

"I'm going to cum, Tessa. Cum with me, Tessa!" Without warning Lucifer pulled out his tail. He jabbed the point against her clit as his lava erupted in her mouth.

Tessa felt her body start to fly apart in different directions. The Devil's acrid magma bounced against her tonsils as her own orgasm was ready to burst.

Just then a loud voice thundered: "TAKE YOUR GODDAMNED HANDS OFF MY WIFE!"

Tessa fell over backwards, even as she whipped her head in the direction of the mighty bellow. It was Gabe! Only not exactly the Gabe she knew. Her husband was clad in a large silver breastplate. Underneath he was wearing some kind of toga-thing that showed off his tan, muscular thighs. And great white wings sprouted from his back. It would have made a great Halloween costume, if it had been a costume. But she knew in that moment that her husband really was an angel.

"You're too late," snarled the Prince.

Gabe directed his gaze at Tessa where she still lay in a heap at Beelzebub's feet. "Tessa!" he demanded sharply. "Did you cum with him!"

"No."

The Angel Gabriel reached back over his shoulder and drew a six-foot broadsword. "You failed! Her soul is not yours."

"You want a piece of me?" taunted the Devil. "I've had a piece of your wife, buddy. She's hot as a harlot of Hades."

The archangel ignored the jibe and focused on the battle. The two circled. To Tessa, it appeared that the Evil One carried no weapons. Then his tail lashed out and thwapped Gabe across the forearm. A smoldering slash wound appeared.

Gabriel parried. The flat of his sword knocked the tail away. The Devil spun vertically with the motion, flipping into a backwards somersault. As he did so his foot caught the angel on the chin. Gabe quickly lifted his hairy forearm in an upper block. 
