 ****(This story has no one under the age of eighteen years old)****

*

At twenty-two years of age, I was bored; which is never a good thing for someone like me to be. I went through every book I bought and checked out from the library; all young adult fiction. I couldn't trust myself to read normal romances or anything with adult content. It would turn me on at the drop of a hat. I also tired of the innocent video games and various other harmless hobbies that I had picked up. I refused to watch television; even the commercials were dangerous for me. I was becoming restless and all the signs were there; I was about to fall off the celibate wagon.

I could go to a support group meeting, of course, but the stories the members told had me wetter than any porno that I had ever watched. The fact that they were real and not made up nearly had me ready to spread my legs and flood the place with my cum. By the time the meeting was over, I'd set out to corrupt a fellow member. I would drag him to the side of the building and with a flash of my pussy; I would get filled without another word. Needless to say, I realized I could no longer seek help there.

I honestly wanted help...I did. Unfortunately, at the age of thirteen, I discovered my father's dirty magazines, movies, and my mother's "toys". It started from there. By the time I was eighteen and ready to graduate high school, I was having sex at least three times a day. Afterwards, I would come home and masturbate myself in various ways until my pussy was numb or sore.

I was careful, though. I had to be. My dad was the chief of police and was well known in the community. My mother was a very nice and social person; lonely from all the nights her husband spent away at work. Our family was the epitome of the American dream family on the outside. On the inside, my mother drank heavily and my father...well, I didn't learn what his vice was until much later. I'll save that story for another time.

At first, I didn't think I had a problem. I mean I wasn't out on the street with my skirt hiked up, trying to give it away. I just enjoyed sex more than the norm. I had no real preferences of partners; a willing cock or mouth suited me just fine as long as I got off. 

I have no boyfriend; a regular relationships always eluded me because of my problem. I tried to be honest with one guy named Gary but he thought it was cool...until he caught me fucking his father in the bathroom at the dinner party they threw. So, I try to stay away from those types of situations that led to disaster. 

Tonight, my body tingled and ached for something...anything. I looked out my apartment window and saw a man jogging with no shirt on and some thin shorts. I became wet just from the sight. Suddenly, I could visualize his cock bouncing up and down with sweat trickling down his ball sac. My hands immediately found its way into my pajama pants and without any awareness. I began to rub my clit in quick flicking motions until I felt the tale-tale waves of a climax I'd kept myself from having for over six months. I groaned loudly at my failure and how good it felt at the same time. 

**********

I wish I could say I felt guilty but instead, I got dressed in the shortest denim skirt I could find without getting myself arrested; foregoing the panties. I put on a tight white t-shirt with no bra and red open toed stiletto heels. I added a red beaded necklace that I double stranded and let fall between my tits. I made sure to wear a black wig of medium length and dark sun glasses. My make up was flawless and my lips were fire engine red. I was ready to go on an adventure and I ignored the inner voice that told me 'no'; my pussy was screaming 'yes'. 

I followed my pussy's demands and let it direct me to a more seedy part of town. It actually bothers me that I can't find the things I need in my own suburban area that I can always find here. Not that I think I'm too good to come here to the poorer parts of the city but I think it's just unfair that the law abiding citizens of the area have to put up with so much crime and corruption; like me. Of course, once I let go of my own hypocritical and political bullshit; I blend into the environment like a chameleon. 

I have to say that I have never taken money for sexual favors. Most would say it was stupid but in my addiction; I'm the one most grateful for the act. The payoff is the moment of bliss which is like gold to me.

Fourth Street was alive tonight as I parked my car at the local bar. I didn't want to go into the bar because the action I was looking for could be found without the games that people liked to play inside. I could care less about small talk and dancing was a waste of time to me. I was a predator on the hunt for the immediate brand of gratification.

I walked at least three blocks, ignoring the whistles and yells from men passing by in cars. They were all talk and show as far as I was concerned. I passed an alley where a tall dark man sat on a crate looking rather bored with a crack head's bid for drugs in exchange for a blowjob. I slowed my stride and wondered if he would agree. I decided to intervene against my better judgment which was lacking severely at that point.

"Give him what he wants and I'll suck your cock for him." Both men turned my way. The crack head's eyes widened, unsure of his sudden luck. The drug dealer licked his lips as I walked closer to him; the sound of my heels clicking the pavement as I passed the dumpster. His eyes roamed over my body like the caress of water in a shower. He was please with what he saw and the growing bulge in his pants was enough to send my juices flowing down my thighs.

I stood in front of him, waiting on him to make the first move. The crack head looked from me to him and back again. 

"Well?" I asked. 

"Well, what?" He replied smoothly. He was testing me. He wasn't stupid; I could be a cop for all he knew. A white woman asking to suck his dick in public wasn't an everyday occurrence. 

I understood the hesitation and I made the first move by raising my skirt up over my hips and spread my damp pussy lips for his inspection. He leaned over and I took his hand and guided it to my cunt. He rubbed my slit and brushed across my clit, making me close my eyes briefly and moan.

"Damn, bitch, you are some kind of crazy!" He chuckled as I fucked his fingers. He reached into his pocket and tossed a tiny bag to the crack head but our audience wasn't so ready to scramble away with his prize.

I unbuckled the dealer's jeans and fished his hard cock out. I licked the dark head of his rod as he leaned over to fondle my pussy more. The taste of his pre cum was heaven and I immediately took him into my mouth. I was so greedy for his seven or eight inches; I couldn't be sure of his measurements and didn't care. I know that I gagged from trying to fit all of him in my mouth. I let my tongue flick at his pole as I turned my mouth into a suction cup. He moaned his appreciation, stopped playing with my pussy, and settled back to enjoy.

I was a bit disappointed but soon I felt something bigger poking at the entrance of my wet and neglected core. Then, it slid all the way in. I took my mouth off the dealer's cock to see who was fucking me. It was the crack head.

"Yeah, that's it... thank this bitch for her charity. Fuck the shit out that pussy....don't stop suckin' my dick, bitch..." The dealer pushed my head back onto his knob and I continued my quest for his cum as my pussy was being filled by another. The crack head fucked me as if he hadn't had the pleasure of pussy in a long time and he rammed me enthusiastically. The feel of his hard veined covered cock pumping in and out of me was wonderful. His balls slapping against my clit had me cumming over and over again. My pussy squeezed the man-milk out of the crack head's cock and I my mouth received a flow of warmth and saltiness of the dealer's cum; both men were shouting their releases.

I came again right before they pulled their softening tools away from me. I was still horny. I squatted and used my the muscles in my pussy to push out the crack head's semen and rubbed my clit as both men watched the seed trickle to the ground; after I came, I let a stream of piss flow out. The men were riveted. 

"Damn, bitch, you are hot as fuck!" The dealer said. The crack head said nothing but his head bobbed in agreement. 

I ran my hand over my cum saturated pussy and licked the cum off. I did this until I was completely cleaned. Then I pulled my skirt down and walked away without another word to the two "gentlemen". I was already horny again by the time I left the alley and turned to walk down the busy street. Suddenly, for no reason, I felt goose bumps cover my body. Little did I know that someone was following me.