 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

With it being November, and thus NaNoWriMo, I decided to try my hand at it with this story. Any comments or feedback is certainly appreciated, and I hope you all enjoy this flight of fancy. I intend to update it as I progress. 

I'm thinking of calling the series D'antiquités

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Her breathing was harsh, ragged, every tiny gasp for air audible in the echoing silence of the room. She could see nothing through the thick fabric of the blindfold, but the air in the room was cool. It made her shiver, naked and sweat covered as she was. The thud of her heartbeat echoed in her ears.

"Anybody ever tell you how beautiful you look naked like that?" A rough voice like velvet and gravel broke the silence. It seemed alien in a way she could not quantify. Cinnamon and sandalwood, she could smell it on him as he stroked her inner thigh, feeling the heat of his hand long before he made contact. Yet she could not bring herself to answer.

"This was your wish, Judith. Do try and remember that. I cannot do anything to you that you have not already consented to." The felt a tug on the strange velvet fabric that secured her wrists, thighs, knees, and ankles. The tension suspending her in that dark cool air, making her more acutely aware of the heat of him as he touched her. "You do remember, don't you?" 

***

Judith couldn't remember why she had agreed to go antiquing with her sister, cursing silently as the black knit of her lace sweater caught on a rough end of one of the tables on display. Judging from the colors the table looked as though it belonged on a bad 70's movie set rather than in an antique store. The whole place had the scent of old things, random sticks of furniture arrayed for display and shelves lined with nick-nacks from bygone eras crowding the isles. 

"Come on Judy. What do you think of these? It's hard to find cut crystal glasses like these and they would really make the wedding party table stand out. They are just the sort of thing Brandt would enjoy don't you agree?" Camila chirped as she ran thick stubby fingers over the glass. 

Judith brushed the dark curls over her shoulder and away from her face in order to study the piece more closely. Beautiful and delicate the glass made an absurd contrast compared with Camila's stout figure and the hideous floral print dress she had insisted on wearing. "It is beautiful." Judith agreed, knowing almost immediately that the goblet would likely suffer an undignified end in her sister's shabby downtown apartment. She almost felt guilty for agreeing as a result. 

Camila prattled away about various wedding details and all manner of things in which Judith had to feign polite interest in. She examined more deeply animosity that had started growing when Camila and Judith's ex-fiancee had announced their engagement. Pretending to listen to the blonde prattle away about her wonderful fiancee and their unlikely love story. 

She'd always been that way, though, Judith noted plastering a fake smile as she studied a row of silver bells. She couldn't help but feel a little guilty for the ill feeling that had developed over what was essentially Camila's selfish nature. Instead, she found herself forced to be the better person, and deal with the pitying looks of their friends and family. 

Something glinted near the back of the shop, drawing pale blue eyes to a jewel-toned bottle of opaque mirrored glass. She watched as it changed shade in the light.

***

The roughness of his fingertips as he stroked her labia drew her from her memories. The gasp of pleasure betraying her even as she struggled in vain to close herself to him. 

"You shouldn't fight me, I exist to serve you, Judith." He cupped her sex, the calloused heat of his palm against the smooth-shaven skin, slowly applying pressure in steady circular motions. Another hand stroked from knee to inner thigh, the same gritty texture to the skin. Her spine arched as he spread her, the shock of his tongue moving in long languid strokes between her thighs. Her hips strained against the restraints her body demanding more of these ministrations. With a laugh that reminded her of the sound of shifting sand he complied, tasting her depths with an animalistic growl of what she could only quantify as pleasure, gasping as her thighs were forced apart wider still working in a slow and maddening rhythm. 

His tongue was longer than it should be, she realized. It flicked and lashed at her sex greedily. She felt the press of what she assumed were teeth, but they felt sharp enough to pierce skin should he feel the urge, she thought as he teased her skin with them. A fresh wave of trembling overtaking her. 

***

"A rather interesting choice." A voice like silk murmured over her shoulder, causing Judith to startle and nearly drop the strange bottle. She found herself looking into a pair of impossibly green eyes. "It is an old piece which has passed through this shop several times over the decades. I wouldn't have guessed you the type just by looking at you, but I suppose we all have our secrets." The shopkeeper answered, studying Judith over the rim of her spectacles. 

"I - beg your pardon?" Judith stammered almost incredulous. 

Continuing to invade her personal space the woman slipped a long-fingered hand over Judith's own, pressing it into the textured surface as she guided it over the bottle. Her dark skin making a stark contrast against Judith's paleness. 

"Cut glass here, but not so sharp it gives an interesting texture to the piece overall. And here feel these studs? They had to be added carefully as the bottle was blown and these ridges here were applied later. Even the stopper itself is designed with this aesthetic in mind." Her too white teeth flashed in a grin, "It looks divine, but when you actually ''touch'' it, you can truly appreciate the subtleties."

Judith felt heat flush her cheeks, and she wasn't sure why she blushed as the woman continued, drawing attention to the elegantly fluted shape and the way it seemed to glow in Judith's hands. Scarlet-painted lips smiled wickedly in such a way that had Judith imagining all kinds of things she wouldn't normally. "A gift to you then, mon cher." Her eyes never leaving Judith as she spoke slowly, her accent caressing each word. "And a discount on those glasses." The woman added for Camile's benefit. 

When she got home,the bottle was set on her nightstand, Judith herself all too happy to be freed of the strange shopkeeper and her sister. She peeled away the crocheted sweater and the tanktop beneath it. The smell of magnolia's drifted on the breeze that came in through her window along with the smell of rain. She peeled herself out of the jet black jeans that had been a terrible idea in the Louisiana heat, before shutting the window as Baton Rouge's evening thunderstorm rolled in like clockwork.

Standing there, in naught but black lace panties and her bra her eyes were strangely drawn to the bottle. A desire to touch it overwhelming her, it's shape, she realized was not unlike some of the adult toys she had seen in online catalogs. She carried it to the bathroom and ran it under the faucet, applying a mild soap and rubbing at the small sticker that had the shop name 'Magasin D'antiquités' in hand painted letters before uncorking the bottle.

Everything went black. 

***

Judith felt her entire body quake, the tension building in her belly as the mouth drew away from her, leaving her aching for more. 

"Such an exquisite taste Judith, so sweet, I have not tasted it's like in many years of servitude." His voice tugged at that knot of tension growing, as she felt lips trace their way up hip and belly sucking on her breast sharply. 

"Most wish for such dull things, power, or wealth, but you Judith." His voice somewhere between velvet and gravel as she felt something hot pressing against the place he'd been kissing earlier. Stroking up and down but never quite thrusting as she ached for him to, arching uselessly against her restraints. Her mind reeled as another mouth found it's way to her other breast, teeth teasing the tender flesh into alertness. Were there more of them, of what ever he was? Part of her wondered in terror. 

"You wished for this." 

She felt a second set of hands in alarm gripping at her hips, nails digging uncomfortably, and she felt something hot and hard plunge slowly into her, inch by maddening inch. Buried to the hilt he pulled himself from her sharply enough for her to ache at the sudden empty feeling. A sharp cry echoing in the strange room. She felt him grow harder as he plunged back in, slow at first but the rhythm mounting. She cried out Each plunge maddening. 

"You wished for this my beautiful master." The voice of the man or creature harsh in her ear. "And your wish is my command." 

Gravity lost it's meaning as she felt herself shift, the weight of her breast as they hung. Something pressed against her backside, and she felt herself spread to accommodate it, even as her lips were claimed. A moan escaped against the tongue that laid claim to her mouth. 

There were too many sensations, as she arched against the creature, too many hands and mouths ravishing her at once. The force of her orgasm shook her as the blindfold was stripped away and she stared into eyes that burned like coals in the nebulous darkness. Smoke and ash and flame all around her.

"It has been more than a decade since someone has dared summon this Djinn, and in centuries past I might have flayed you alive once you made your wishes. Such is the curse of what I am." 

She could feel him swelling inside her, each thrust punctuating his words, rendering her helpless. "Your heart cried out for this, instead." The glowing eyed Djinn noted. "A Life free of the shackles of forced politeness, free of repressing those darker urges, where your needs are satisfied." Something hungry flickered in his eyes. "But speak the word, and we are bound for Eternity Judith, speak the word and I will set you free."

In the darkness of that space of smoke and shadows, she felt him moving inside her, with one powerful thrust she cried out her consent and felt his seed filling her. 

***

Camile had thought it strange. Her sister hadn't shown for the wedding or the reception. Of course everyone else simply thought it was a normal reaction given that Camile had seduced Brandt the week before he was supposed to marry Judith.

Sometimes she felt guilty, but it faded quickly usually, it was never something she and her husband discussed. Still Camile worried about Judith, who was the sort of person who smiled and did the polite thing regardless of how she personally felt. When she didn't show up at the Gallery for over a week, the blonde made the trek to the apartment. 

There was no sign of her sister anywhere, just some clothes on the floor and the strange bottle she had purchased from the antique shop sitting on the bathroom sink.