 I bite my lip, watching them kiss, this perfect pair of black and red. 

The red-head; my beloved cousin Colin, with delicate features and large dark eyes that promise pleasures to come. 

The dark one; Stephon, long time friend of the family with the pale smug features of an aristocrat, he's always had a lustful aura to him. 

Seeing them together, Stephon's hands running through Colin's hair, embracing the youth's face as his tongue slides between Colin's lips, makes my stomach tighten with desire. I lay one hand against the wall of the house, watching them on this cold porch, the moon peeking above the trees to share in the pleasure.

Stephon pulls back from the kiss, clutching Colin's head. My cousin shakes, his mouth slack as he runs his hands up the arms of the elder. Stephon licks Colin's mouth, his hands moving down Colin's neck, quickly tearing the button at his throat. 

Colin moans loudly, reaching to the neckline of his shirt, pulling the lace apart, tearing several more buttons off as he exposes his chest to Stephon. Like liquid shadow, Stephon's gloved hands caress Colin's tanned skin, running beneath his clothes to dig at his nipples. The red-head pulls his jacket off, the heavy velvet coat clinging to his slender arms like so many jealous lovers.

Colin cries out in surprise when Stephon dives for the youth's throat, mouth opening over his skin. I swoon in envy as Stephon wraps long arms around Colin's waist and shoulders, pinning their tall bodies against each other. Colin's scream drops into a heated moan, his arms hanging slack as the coat begins to drop to the ground. Stephon rocks him, growling softly, his hand beginning to stroke Colin's back, gloved nails beginning to claw at the youth's body.

Stephon somehow manages to tear Colin's pants, and the youth arches up against the man as round hip is exposed. Sight of my cousin's tanned flesh causes my breath to catch, and I want nothing more than to have my thighs wrapped around those slender hips. My vision dims as I continue panting, my mouth slack at the sight of blood beginning to ooze down that delicious flesh.

Stephon's head turns, crimson staining his mouth, Colin's neck coated liberally with his own lifeblood. Meeting Stephon's eyes, seeing them turn bright red, I swallow loudly, realizing my own moans have clued him to my presence. I blush, and start to step back when Stephon motions to me. 

Entranced by his eyes, by that sensuous mouth covered in blood, all I can do is stumble forward. Colin lolls in Stephon's arm, his head turning slightly, and he's staring right at me. His entire face is slack with pleasure, and I so desperately want to hear him moaning in my ear.

Before I know it, I'm right next to them, and Stephon's pulling me into a kiss, his gloved hand tight on the back of my head, holding me against his mouth, his tongue instantly invading my orifice. I moan, reaching out for him, finding his chest, touching Colin, feeling their heat through my dress. I lap at the blood flavor, panting as it crosses my tongue, seeping down inside me. Dizziness stirs in my head as I taste Colin, and I want his heartbeat against my lips.

Stephon breaks the kiss, grabbing tight onto my ponytail. I stare up into his eyes, my body pressing up against him, one of Colin's hands working up my back, fingering the embroidery on my corset. Stephon smiles deeply, licking the blood at one corner of his mouth, and turns me around, making me face Colin. 

Colin's dark eyes sparkle, and he smiles, leaning in to kiss me, Stephon's other hand guiding my cousin's head even as the vampire guides me closer. Colin's mouth meets mine, and my belly clenches, my hands rising to grab his face, his arms encircling my waist. My breasts crush against him as we kiss hard. Stephon whispers something in my ear, Colin's excitement digging into my thigh. I can smell Colin's blood, his mouth light and sweet as I bite his lower lip, and he moans in pleasure, his whole body shaking against mine.

Stephon licks my ear, commanding me to drink, and then he's pulling us apart. Colin cries out in disappointment as our kiss is broken, and then Stephon is pressing my mouth to the wound. I sigh, biting Colin's neck, letting my teeth graze the blood-slicked flesh, and hear my cousin cry out, his hands reaching up to grab my head. My tongue finds the oozing wounds, flicking at the welling blood, moving it back into my mouth, swallowing hard the metallic elixir. 

Stephon presses hard up against me, still holding my hair, even as Colin keeps me pressed to the wound, the vampire's mouth hovering over the back of my neck. I shiver, Stephon's breath raising goosebumps all along my body, and I shake as I hold Colin tight, pressed between the two men.

Sucking hard on the blood, I feel my head spinning, feel my whole body begin to tingle, and all I want is more. Colin's nails dig into my scalp as he trembles in my arms, his moans long and low in my ear, causing my womanhood to grow hotter with desire. I find myself growling, biting harder, drawing more blood, wanting to make Colin cry out. My hand finds his exposed hip, and I dig claws into it, feeling him tremble as he whimpers.

Stephon nips the back of my neck, and I cry out, releasing my bite on Colin for a moment, my whole body reacting to a nearly electric shock across my nerves. The vampire pulls hard on my hair, pulling me back from Colin's neck, turning my head to kiss me over my shoulder. His tongue parts my lips, lapping at the blood, and I pant as I weaken, momentarily swooning from sensory overload. 

Colin leans in, licking my mouth as well, and then Stephon is kissing him, his tongue slick with the youth's blood. Stephon's hand spasms in my hair as he kisses Colin, my cousin weakened but passionate as he fights Stephon's tongue with his own. I can almost smell the kiss they're so close to my mouth, but the vampire keeps me held from it. A single tear slides down my temple as I fight to be free, to join this frenzy of tongue, to taste them on each other's lips.

Stephon breaks the kiss, and turns to me once more with eyes burning bright. I cry out as he turns my head savagely, tipping it to the side, his tongue licking the taut flesh. Colin grinds against me, his body fever hot, pressing me back against Stephon, his hands clutching painfully at my hips. Stephon's fangs press against my neck, and I lift one hand to press his head down, needing him to penetrate me in any way. Colin's mouth finds mine, his teeth grazing my lip as he forces his tongue deep inside, violating me as I did him earlier. I moan into his mouth, tasting his breath, and then I cry out as Stephon begins piercing my neck with his fangs.

My knees buckle, and only the two men surrounding me keep me up, Stephon's fangs like ice as they break through skin and muscle, seeking the vein so close to the surface of my thin neck. I writhe between them, nearly screaming in pain, trying to pull away from them. Colin holds me tight, pressing one thigh between mine, and when Stephon's fangs finally burst into the vein, I collapse down onto him, panting loudly. 

I can't control my limbs, and I find myself grinding down on Colin's leg in time with my heartbeat, which I can feel thrumming through my entire body. Colin kisses my slack mouth, once more capturing one of my moans, and then he kisses my shoulder, my arm, the top of one breast, grinding back against me, rocking my body between his and the vampire. I give a long groan, my loins tightening as Stephon feeds, and I breathe heavily, someone's hand gripping a breast tightly.

Gloved hands rove across my naked shoulders and across the tops of my breasts. I feel a sudden sting as a hidden razor parts a small section of skin, and know this must be how Stephon cut my cousin's hip. Colin moans low in his throat, and bends to the wound, hands pressing my breasts tighter in the corset. His mouth finds the slash, tongue lapping at my soft skin, and I feel a pleasant stinging sensation spread from his licking. Blood escapes his mouth, his teeth grazing flesh, and I feel the trickle move through my cleavage, clinging to my pale skin. Colin sucks hard, pulling a small section of my breast between his teeth, biting down on either side of the wound.

My hands hold either man to me, my voice giving sound to endless moans, my entire body on fire with rapture, and I want them to never end. They're both growling and groaning, hands pawing at me, their bodies grinding me between them as I stand helpless in their arms.

Stephon breaks his bite first, shuddering as he cries my name. Colin continues growling, blood coating his face as he feeds sloppily, his nails digging into my breasts. I scream, thwarted, wanting Stephon to go back to my neck, and I tug impatiently on his hair. He chuckles wearily, pulling Colin from my breast, and kisses my ear. "Time enough for more later, my two little lovelies."