 Thunder rolled through the air as the lightening tore the sky asunder. Chills rolled down my back as I hurried to catch up to the rest of the group as we exited the bus, following our tour guide to the massive mansion in front of us. 

"Clare!" A voice yelled from behind me. "Wait up!" My friend Aaron ran up behind me and grabbed my arm. "You scared yet?" he whispered into my ear, setting my skin aflame. To be honest, the only reason I had agreed to this whole After Hours Nightmare tour was so that I could convince Aaron that I was brave and maybe even convince him to consider fucking me. He had been my childhood crush and as we had grown up together, he became increasingly attractive and unattainable. Even in his jacket, I could see his biceps bulging and my heart jumped when his hands brushed my skin. God. When I looked up, his striking blue eyes held mine, filled with a dangerous excitement and an unbearable lust for adventure. My eyes roved across the rugged features of his face, from the cleft in his chin to the wide smile. His dark hair whipped in the warm wind that tore at our clothes and yet seemed to be in the perfect position the entire time. 

"This shit is a load of crock," I finally replied. "I can't believe some of these suckers actually believe that this could be a doorway to Hell," I scoffed, hugging myself against the wind. I had certainly not dressed for the outing; my legs were shaking in the skinny jeans that hugged my ass and hips perfectly, accentuating what I already had. Every time I bent over, I could feel my thong pop out from the waistband and hear murmurs of assent from other men in the tour group. Aaron still hadn't said anything. The breeze was cold enough to make my nipples harden slightly, which was clear through my shirt. My push-up gave me an ample amount of cleavage that would've been admired any other day, however, it was hidden by my arms as I crossed them over my chest. 

"Oh come on, this is fun! You can't say you don't believe any of this. There have been weird disappearances in this area for hundreds of years."

"Coincidence. Or crazy red-necks who believe this is a worshiping ground. You never really know the difference," I shoot back as we near the front of the house. The short, stumpy man leading the group has stopped and waited for all ten of us to gather around him. There was something off about him that I couldn't really place, but he gave me the creeps. It was like he knew something that we didn't. I shuddered and leaned into Aaron as I waited for the man to speak. When he opened his mouth, his nasally voice poured out and he had to practically yell above the storm. 

"And here we stand on the grounds of one of the country's greatest horror attractions; the Doorway to Hell. Many people have alleged that friends and family have gone missing here before, and those that make it back are never the same. There have been reports of hallucinations, unexpected medical emergencies and heart attacks that have occurred upon entering this building. Should you feel uncomfortable at any point, you may leave. Follow me." Turning on his heel, he led us into the dark gloom and out of the storm. I felt Aaron chuckle at the end of the speech. Like he would ever chicken out. 

When we reached the foyer and the door slammed behind us –no doubt because of the wind- our guide turned on his lamp and began walking up the banister. He proceeded to tell us about the buildings history. At the beginning of its time, it had been a brothel, one of the most notorious in the state for having wild prostitutes and the strongest brew in the county. Ever room used to house two or three strippers at a time, pleasuring customers and each other whenever they felt the need. I felt my lower abdomen contract at the thought of the lewd sex acts those girls must have performed. I couldn't wait to perform my own. I grabbed the top of Aaron's thigh and rubbed it gently for a moment before retracting my hand. 

Unfortunately for the prostitutes, the reverend of the township lost his mind one day after having a bit of "bad blood" from the Lord Jesus. He stormed down to the brothel and slaughtered every single man and woman that stood in the building. He accused every single one of them to be the Jezebel's and Whore's that rivaled the one of Babylon before striking them and finally himself, down. As we passed one of the open doors, I heard a moan of pleasure from some unseen woman. I poked my head in the room and there was nothing there. Thinking it was my imagination, I continued on. 

As we walked past another door, I heard another moan, this one louder than the last. I frowned, worried that I was losing it and making stuff up. Aaron saw my face and quietly asked what was wrong. I quickly changed my attitude. "Oh nothing. Just thought I heard something. Fuck, this is boring," I replied. Feeling bold, I continued, " Why don't you and I go find some privacy? All this talk about fucking has got me horny as Hell and I need to let off some steam." I knew it was a long shot, but the grin on his face told me he was down. He nodded and we slipped into one of the rooms and let the group walk by. 

Before he could even ask what I had in mind, I whipped my shirt over my head and slip my pants down. Even through his jeans, I could see his cock harden and attempt to free its cage. I giggled and knelt in front of him. I felt his hand go to my bra and undo the clasps and my chest was exposed. I sighed and unzipped his pants, taking his member gently in my hand, admiring it reverently before placing a kiss on the head. Aaron shuddered and relaxed into the wall behind him. My mouth started moving rhythmically up and down his shaft, licking the soft underside and relishing in the salty flavour that intruded my mouth. I felt hands on my head, pushing me to take him farther. My hand moved to his balls and gently massaged them, enjoying their weight before moving my mouth to lightly suck on them. I could feel myself getting wetter and hotter by the minute. I groaned from the hormones that raced through my body and went back to sucking his dick. 

It was thick, at least three inches around and eight inches long. I felt the tip of his dick tickle the back of my throat and heard a groan of pleasure from him. I went faster, pumping my hand at the base while I sucked and licked the head. Rough hands slid down my shoulders and I shuddered. I wanted to be touched. I needed to be touched. I could feel my jeans coming undone and I wiggled myself out of them. Too lost in my lust, I didn't realize that Aaron's hands were preoccupied with my head as he held it in place while he fucked my mouth. 

"I'm gonna cum," he grunted as he thrust harder and faster. My tongue flicked around the tip, looking for the sensitive spot that I knew would drive him crazy. My hands continued massaging his balls and I could feel my thong being pulled deliciously tight while a hand traveled down my spine. I moaned around the cock in my mouth and suddenly he came, shooting a hot load down my throat. "FUCK!" he barely stifled the scream when he released my head after his spasms nearly finished. I drank every drop then licked him clean. "God Clare, you are fantastic. Why didn't I ever think of this before?" 

I opened my mouth to reply, but finally noticed that it was not his hands that I could feel combing through my bush, feeling around. There were no hands, none that I could see anyways, but damn, I could feel them. I must have looked scared because Aaron looked concerned. 

"Something's... t-touching me," I whispered, scared to death but aroused at the same time. The ghostly fingers found my sweet mound and started rubbing in circles, eliciting a moan. 

"What the f-?" Aaron was cut off by a loud scream. In the depths of the house we could hear maniacal laughter and screams of sheer terror. Footsteps rang throughout the corridor outside the room and our tour group ran past, not even noticing Aaron standing above my mostly naked body. The laughter got closer and suddenly the temperature in the building increased dramatically. A booming voice echoed through the halls, and despite the fingers that were now gliding over my soaking wet pussy, I shook my head and listened. 

"Every year, people are brought here thinking it is an innocent house, nothing haunted or evil about it. And every year, I get a fresh sacrifice." Laughter. "You have all been chosen. You are all guilty of the sin of Lust. This is in fact a Doorway to Hell. You have been brought to the entrance of the Second Circle of Hell. While some of you will only stay for a short period of time, others –such as the two that are currently indulging in their bodily lust- will spend eternity in the bowels of this house, being used and abused by the prominent members of Hell."

I gasped, both from horror and my sins as the fingers slipped inside my pussy and began fucking my wet hole. I groaned and felt Aaron lower down next to me. I opened my eyes and met his. No longer filled with excitement, they were clouded over with fear and sadness. I felt a tear land on my cheek as he leaned over me and kissed my forehead. A whispered apology slipped from his lips as his fingers joined the others inside of me. I wanted to tell him to stop, it was wrong. We were dooming ourselves even more. But he insisted against his will. I could see a red glow creep closer to the door and when I next looked up, I could see the man who had led us here, but drastically transformed. 

He had grown several feet taller, now towering over Aaron's six foot five frame. He was also completely naked, the muscles in his body corded prominently against his skin. Most impressive was the dick that hung between his legs. I cried out again as both Aaron and the ghost fingers drove in deeper, making my writhe in front of this monstrosity. It laughed again, and started fondling it's dick as it watched me. I could feel my orgasm build as the fingers went in and out faster. As my body convulsed, I heard the demon snicker, 

"Oh, I can't wait to use you."