 I could feel the tears squeeze out of my eyes as I climaxed from the violent fingering that I was being given; despite the overwhelming fear that seized every limb, my more feral instincts were taking over and when the orgasm finally exploded, I let out a guttural scream and felt the liquid gushing from my pussy. As I fell back down from the epic release, I looked over to the door, remembering why I was so fearful: the demon that would drag us to Hell. He was still massaging his cock gently, his eyes raking over my body. At some point, my underwear had been shredded, whether by the ghost or by Aaron I did not know. Regardless, I was completely exposed and I felt violated by the demon who finally settled his roving gaze on my face.

"So," he drawled, his voice reverberating throughout my bones and making me shudder. "Although I would love to make you my whore right here, right now, I have to wait." He walked over to me and caressed my face with a razor sharp talon, drawing the thinnest line of blood across my cheek. I hissed at him, unable to form coherent words due to anger and fear. "On your feet, slut. You too, you idiot," he barked at Aaron and I. Our bodies reacted against our wishes and rose, standing close to the creature. A question bubbled up to the front of my mind, and while I stumbled over the words, Aaron beat me to the punch.

"What do we call you?"

  The demon looked at us both, examining our body language; I was frantically nodding my head in agreement to the question. I mean, if I am going to spend the rest of my eternal life being bossed around and controlled by this asshole, I deserved to know who it was that I cursed. A grin split across his face and his eyes flashed, showing a terrifying image of a creature with multiple heads and limbs. I shrank back and felt the bile rise in my throat. "To you, I am nothing but your Master. Anyone who wants to use and fuck you is also to be referred to as Master. However, I do have a real name if you must know." He lifted his chin and straightened his back, making his height seem even more imposing. "My real name is Asmodeus, and I am one of the leaders of the Lust Circle of Hell. I can control your sexual wants and needs and make you fuck people you would normally never lay a hand on. Now shut up, and follow me." The last sentence was spoken louder, with a tone the echoed through the house and I could hear the rest of the tour group moving- against their will, most likely- back towards the corridor.

Aaron and I joined the rest of them as Asmodeus led us towards the back of the building. We were on the top floor, but there was a back stairwell that seemed to wind down past the basement and kept on going. I could hear murmurs and moans as well as screams of pain and utter torture. I tried to resist going down the stairs but was pulled along with the rest of the unwilling group. As we descended, the heat in the stairwell rose in small increments. It never really got all that hot, just a slightly uncomfortable warmth that left you constantly damp. Eventually, we started to pass doors, some opened, others closed. We could hear the sounds of sex, and smell the musk of people, or things, fucking wildly. I peered into many rooms out of morbid curiosity and saw men and women alike contorted in positions of pleasure. I saw one small red-headed girl being fucked mercilessly by two demons; one fucked her mouth, his wide cock visible even from the hallway and the other rammed his dick deep inside the poor girl's vagina. Despite the obvious pain and discomfort she must have been feeling, her eyes were rolled back into her head and there were muffled grunts emanating from her full mouth. Mmm, fuck that looks nice, I purred to myself. Startled by my own thoughts, I shook my head and kept looking straight forwards.

Every now and then, I could feel a hand touch my body, sometimes my chest and my ass, but mostly my pussy. The scene I had just witnessed had driven up my arousal whether or not I would actually admit that to myself and had left me wet and wanting for a good fuck. I couldn't believe my body was betraying me like this, but part of me really didn't care. I wanted to be absolutely ravaged. I wanted multiple cocks and I wanted to be slapped and called a whore. I bit my lip as I fought back a moan. I realized that Asmodeus had halted our group and had a clipboard in front of him and was calling out names. The sight of this demon acting so, well, organized struck me as funny and I let a small chuckle slip out. Aaron looked back at me like I had lost my mind, fear ridden throughout his body. I rolled my eyes and started listening to our master as he called out the names and what seemed to be room numbers. When a person was called to their "assigned room", they were pulled in by some invisible force and then the door was slammed. We slowly continued and sometimes we could hear the cries of our tour mates as who knows what was done to them. Eventually, it was just Aaron and I left and when Asmodeus looked up, he chuckled.

"Now Aaron," he breathed. "You and your friend are going to be put in a different kind of room then our other temporary guests. While you are trapped in Hell for all of eternity as our whores and harlots, we do like our pets to be comfortable. Aaron, you are first. The door on the left is yours." I saw his eyes widen and his hands shake as he shuffled towards the door. Unlike the others, he was not pulled in, but once over the threshold, the door slammed shut. I tried to reach for the door but was blocked by the wall of muscle and flesh that was Asmodeus. His hands grasped my upper arms and I whimpered from the pressure he was putting on my bones. A forked tongue flicked out of his mouth and licked the side of my face, reveling in the taste of my skin I presumed. His mouth went to my ear and he crooned to me. Awful things. Horrible, dreadful, bloodcurdling acts that would make the Devil himself blush. And he promised to me that he would do every single thing to me. Part of me was absolutely horrified. The other part got a sick satisfaction from the thought. I had no time to ponder my actions before he thrust his mouth against mine and shoved me against a wall.

I tried half-heartedly to push him off, but I knew he was too strong. I could feel his dick harden against the top of my thigh and almost surrendered at the thought of having that monstrous cock buried inside my dripping pussy. But no, I couldn't, wouldn't be taken advantage of like that. I drew back my head and bit his lip as hard as I could while manoeuvring my knee into his sensitive crotch. Unfortunately for me, his otherworldly reflexes were a hundred times faster than mine. Before I could even swear at my timing, he had me on the floor, my ass in the air and my face shoved into the ground. I felt his palm rip across my ass and shrieked from the pain. Again and again, he slapped me all the while grunting in my ear. "Fuck Clare. You should've just let it happen. Not that this bothers me, I'm still getting rock hard from this-" he slapped harder, this time hitting my cunt as well as my ass. I cried, from pain or fear I wouldn't be able to tell you. But I sobbed into the dirt ground. It seemed that that made my Master even harder, because I could suddenly feel him changing my position. I was leaning over his cock before I knew it, still gasping for air and pleading for mercy. The latter elicited a laugh of mirth from Asmodeus, but he just shoved my mouth down onto his throbbing member, forcing me to take him in all the way. I choked when he rammed into the back of my throat and tried to get a breath of air in my chest. The length of his dick was more than average, but the width was ridiculous, making Aaron's seem puny in comparison. My hand couldn't even wrap around the entire base and my mouth was having a hard time staying open as he pounded in and out of the wet cavern. I decided it was best to just go along with the proceedings and began swirling my tongue around his cock, licking the spots that I imagined would still be sensitive, regardless of whether or not he was a demon. I could almost hear the smirk on his face as he basked in his triumph of breaking me so quickly.

I could feel my heart race as I sucked him off, my own body responding to the lust that filled the air around us. Soon enough, I was rubbing and pinching my own nipples, groaning and moving my head up and down at an erratic pace so that Asmodeus couldn't get used to the rhythm and become bored with me. I suddenly wanted to please him, even if it meant extreme discomfort and dissatisfaction for myself. I moved my hands to his balls and began massaging him. I felt his body temperature increase at a rapid rate and his breathing became deeper and louder, starting to sound like the growl of an animal. He grabbed my tits and began grasping them and twisting the nipples painfully hard while he thrust in and out of my needy mouth. Whenever he made contact with the back of my throat, I emitted a gargled noise that seemed to drive him ever crazy. 

"Oh you fucking whore, suck my fat cock," he growled as his hands moved back to my head and held it in place. "I am going to cover you in cum and there is nothing you can do about it. That's right bitch, lick it, swallow it. You've never had anything better than my delicious dick. I know you're wet slut and as soon as I'm done with you, I will fuck your cunt until you're crying for more." I felt my skin flush when he mentioned the fuck and I grew impatient. I needed it. Screw dignity, I was already in Hell, naked, and I'd remain like that for the rest of eternity. Might as well reap the rewards, I thought to myself. 

Just as the demon was about to cum, something threw me off of him and I heard a slap loud enough it made my own ears ring. A harsh mumbling echoed throughout the corridor that had grown a dark shade of red during the blowjob. The words came from an unseen specter but my captor was chagrined nonetheless. When he responded in the same clipped language, I realized that he must be conversing with another demon in their native tongue. I stayed pressed against the wall, trying to melt away from the scene and be forgotten. After a minute or so, the harsh mumbling ceased and the red blush of the hall seeped away. I felt like I was safe... for a few minutes anyways. 

Asmodeus stood up and barked at me to do the same. He didn't make any eye contact with me and I felt no need to complain about that fact. We stopped in front of a wide door and he shoved it aside. The inside room was rather large, with two beds, a cabinet and- wait, what? A television? How the fuck was there reception down here. Before I could ask what this was, I was shoved into the room and the door was slammed behind me. Only then did I realize that there were two other people in the room with me. Two gentlemen to be exact, although I'm not sure they deserved such a refined title if they were residing with me in Hell. I was about to introduce myself when they both sat up from their beds and smiled at one another. It seemed that they had been playing video games and paused for a moment to walk over to me. 

I examined the one on my left closely for a moment as he approached and liked what I saw. While he wasn't naked, he only had a pair of boxers on and they left very little to the imagination. All thought of Aaron and his fantastic body flew out the window when I saw this Olympian striding effortlessly towards me. His chest and face were expertly sculpted and his skin glowed with a dark tan. His arms were thick with muscle and yet his hands looked like they could craft glass and other delicate objects from their tender look. His light blonde hair was blown askew purposefully and brought attention to his piercing grey eyes. I felt myself tremble under his paralyzing gaze and my knees quaked. Since I was so concentrated on examining the man on my left, I forgot about the one coming from my right. His arms were around me before I could even turn to him. I could feel the second man's hands travelling down my spine and I turned to face him and drew in a sharp breath. He was just a striking as his friend and was a polar opposite in appearance. Although both men were exceedingly tall and muscular, the man on my right was an almost iridescent pale with shocking black hair and ice blue eyes that stared into mine, almost daring me to move. I froze and let the men traverse my body with their hands and mouths in some cases. Blondie reached out and caressed my chest almost like a lover would while Blue kissed up and down my neck, nibbling on my earlobes and moving his hands to caress my round ass. I sighed and melted into the arms that were holding me up. 

A husky voice started whispering in my ear and I listened intently, transfixed by the lust and need in the man's voice. "We're your new roommates, my dear Clare. As such, we reserve the right to break you in for all those who might want to use you later. You are our fresh meat." I could almost hear the twinkle in his eyes. It was Blue; I knew it from the way his arms tightened around me when he spoke, as if expecting me to run. As if, I couldn't even think straight or stand by myself. Their breath was intoxicating as was their touch and I couldn't help but wonder what was next. 

Somehow, I regained my thoughts and started forming questions. Shakily, I asked, "What are your names?"

"My name is Eric Tanner," Blondie replied. "I have resided here for over three hundred years now and will remain here until the end of time."

"And my name is Sir Tameric O'Shaunessey. I have been trapped here for many centuries, past the point of keeping track," Blue followed. Tameric and Eric had moved back so that I could gather my bearings. I had roommates? And they were beyond all imaginations of hot. They smouldered and crackled with electric personalities and lust seemed to hang onto their pores like cologne. 

"When you say it's your right to, uh, break me in, what exactly do you mean?" I asked, scared for the answer. I thought I had my initiation back in the corridor when Asmodeus had tried to slam every last drop of his seed into my willing mouth. What could be more of an initiation than giving head to one of the leaders of the Circle? 

Tameric grinned at me in a feral way that made my hairs stand on end. "Well, you see, before any demon or spirit can use you, you have to be broken by those who have preceded you. Before any creature can cum on, in or around you, we have to both dominate and claim you as a slave for ourselves. You are the newest member of this room so although you must always do what any Master says, you also have to obey us." The scene earlier made more sense now; Asmodeus had tried to claim me before my so-called roommates, breaking the order of slave and Master. After I had been dominated, he could fuck me all he wanted, but before that... He knew he had to wait. Eric broke me out of my reverie by clearing his throat. 

"Although this is shocking for you, we must do this sooner rather than later. You see, Tameric and I have only really had each other as fuck buddies except for when the demons need us. Which is often, but not often enough. Neither of us has real human pussy in centuries and we are rather impatient." A quick look at the burgeoning bulge in their boxers confirmed this statement. "So, we can either do this the easy way; you let us fuck you until our hearts content, or the hard way; you fight us and we rape you. We will not stop until you submit to us either way. Although I must say, I don't think you'll deny yourself the threesome of a lifetime. I know you've been thinking about being stuffed with two cocks ever since you saw Naomi being fucked by the demons. Yes, I can read your mind, " he added when I did a double take at his sentence. I was feeling very weary but I knew I wanted it. I sighed and nodded my head, but not before blurting out, "Anywhere but the ass, ok?"

They chuckled at me and took a step forwards, each one grabbing and arm and forcing me to the floor. My chest was against the carpet and my ass waving in the air. "Oh sweetheart," Eric crooned. "You don't make the rules, only we do. Now, just relax or this is going to hurt you more than you can imagine."