 The rain finally stopped but Lea didn't even notice. The bath felt so good. She had worked hard all week and this was her reward. One last night in this grand hotel, with a bath room nearly the size of her apartment back home. So she had turned on the CD player in the other room, striped out of her clothes and ran a bath, lit some candles and now she closed out the world. She let her mind drift as her hands played with the bubbles. Her new boss was a little skittish, he would not come in the room yet insisted she remain there. 

This was a bit new, just handing her things to research and then leaving. Normally he would stay in the room and work with her on reports and lining up buyers or raising funds. They made a good team, but this trip he was not acting himself. A month ago at the company picnic she had worn a halter top dress and she could swear that when he saw her he felt ill, the color drained from his face and he excused himself rather quickly to hide in the house. When she saw him later he seemed alright and he told her that they would be coming to New York for a week of research. 

Her mind drifted again let her mind drift with the music and erotic images of a lover, that she didn't have, but she dreamed of sometimes, just the thought of him would make her wet. She bit her lower lip as she slowly began to stroke her breasts, she really should thank her boss for the bath set. It smelled wonderful, exotic. The smells exciting her a bit more as she felt carried away to some garden. Her fingers toyed with her nipples and they became hard peaks. She closed her eyes as her hands slid down her body to her pussy. 

He walked into the bedroom and clamped a hand on the man's throat. "She is not the one. You said you would bring her. You have betrayed me, you die." His grip tightened as the man fought for breath gasping out words. 

"No...tonight..she will tonight..I promise..just watch..once more..please.." He clawed at the inhuman hand on his throat. 

He let the man go with a snarl. "If you betray me human, your life is over." He moved to the window and paused, "As is your family." 

"I swear she is the one you seek. You saw the mark on her back. I know she is the one, just one more night. Please, I beg you." 

He looked down on the man and with a nod he stepped out into the night. Great wings spread out and he glided back up to the roof. The rain had stopped and he landed lightly near the skylight. He heard the music first, soft and sensual. He looked down through the glass and there she was in the bath. She was beautiful of face and body, but that meant nothing with out passion and so far, he had seen none. She cannot be the one, the mate that he has sought for over a hundred years, the one that would cause his blood to boil and set his passions soaring. 

He blinked in shock as he watched her hands stroke her breasts, her lips parting a bit on a breath, then her blue eyes closing as she arched and her hands slid lower under the water and bubbles. He watched as she stroked herself and her face became a bit flushed, her breath quickening, her gasps and moans easily picked up by his keen hearing. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes and smiled as he felt himself grow hard after all these years. Yes, she is the one. He has found her at long last. He looked back down as her gasps become louder and her hands worked faster, he felt his blood racing as he reached down to stroke his hard cock. He was very hard and his need for her was great. He closed his eyes and shivered as her gasps reach a fever pitch then her cries of joy mixed with passion as she found her release. He shuddered with her and as he looked down again his eyes burning with light of their own. She will be his and he will have her now. He turned and stepped off the edge into the night. 

Lea panted quietly, catching her breath. "Mmmm yes..." She relaxed a bit and finally noticed that the bath had gotten cold. What she wanted to do is turn on the hot and warm it up but she got a wicked smile as she thought of the vibrator she packed in her bag. She always took it with her when she traveled. She stood up and pulled the plug on the bath with a thought to the king sized bed in the other room. It was a huge medieval thing. Just right to lie back and think of a brave knight come to take her and make his. She walked into the room and shivered. She had left the windows open but the rain had made the room cool. She tipped her head and thought to leave them open, things were going to get warm anyway. She went to her case and took out the vibrator. She started to walk to the bed when the lights went out. She closed her eyes a moment to get her night vision. When she opened them, she screamed. There was a pair of glowing gold eyes in front of her. 

She was lovely, soft, large breasts, long legs and built up passion. He watched her from outside the open window as she came into the room, her body still wet from the bath, a few stray bubbles clinging to her legs. When she took out the vibrator with a soft smile, he smiled. "Oh yes, tonight." He whispered to the wind. He waved a hand and turned out the lights, throwing her into darkness. Quietly he slipped through the window and stood before her. He smiled when she screamed, the sound bringing a low growl from his throat. 

Lea stumbled and hit her back on the doorframe as the thing before her growled. Before she can turn to run, who ever it was grabbed her and threw her to the bed. With a sensation of flying and tumbling, she does not know which way is up. She felt the bed under her and she pushed up to roll over but a large hand held her down on her back. She heard a ripping sound and she screamed as she envisioned a knife ripping her back open. "Don't hurt me..please..don't hurt me." 

"I won't do anything you don't want me to." A voice hisses in her ear.

"Then let me go. I want you to let me go." "I can't let you go. You belong to me. You were chosen to be mine." He leaned down and licked the circle scar on her shoulder blade. 

Lea twisted her head on the bed to try to get a better breath. "What?" She shivered when she felt him lick her scar. What is he talking about? Chosen? He is insane! She tried to push up against him but he was too heavy and strong.

He smiled down at her as he ripped another length off the bedspread. He let her up a bit just enough to roll her to her back and quickly tied one hand to the headboard and though she kicked at him, he caught her other hand, smiling as he takes the vibrator that she is still holding. "Perhaps later my little Dove." He quickly tied her hands together and leaned back a bit. "I am sorry to tie you my Dove, but I don't want you to hurt yourself." 

"I'm not your Dove or your anything. Let me go!" She kicked at him and missed. He is just a dark shape with those glowing eyes. His hands felt rough and with long nails when he held her down. She cursed at him and kicked again at his comment when he took the vibrator from her hand. She kicked again only to have that long fingered hand grab her ankle. "No! No! Don't tie me. Stop it!" 

He easily caught her leg and taking another length of the bedspread he shredded, he looped it around the foot posters of the bed to tie her legs spread wide apart. He took a smaller length and moved to the head of the bed. "I am sorry my Dove. Nevertheless, I cannot have you screaming. At least not that kind." He cut of another string of curses as he quickly gagged her. He can only hold off the lights for a short time and the time was nearly up. 

Lea glared at the shape in the dark. He is large, well muscled she can tell that much and wearing some kind of weird leather jacket. She could feel something brushing her legs from time to time. When the lights come on she was blinded and she closed her eyes. She thought for a moment not to open them. If she does not see him then she cannot testify. He might let her go. Let her live. 

"Turn and look at me my Dove." He chuckled when she shook her head. "You will need to see who your mate is to be. Your husband." 

Her eyes flew open and she turned. It took her a moment to scream, not understanding what she is seeing. A monster. A demon with wings. Skin, leathery, nearly pitch black. His golden eyes shining a bit less in the light of the room. Long black hair running down his back. When he smiled she saw sharp teeth. She took a breath and screamed, pulling madly on the ropes. Knowing in her heart, he is going to kill her. 

He shook his head. "Shhh be calm my Dove. I will not hurt you. There might be some pain at first, but that will pass and the pleasure will be far better for it." He can see she is panicked so he bent down over the bed and slowly licked one of her nipples. She jerked and tried to roll to the side. He easily held her still and cupped her other breast, his thumb rubbing and teasing the peek while his tongue teased and toyed with the other. Her body responding to his touch, just as the stories said his one true mate would. Only one would be his, only one would respond to his touch and see him for the beauty with in and not the demon he was. He had read the stories, the legends that were passed down about how to find their mate. But he had given up ever finding her. Now here she was in his arms. His tongue swirled around her nipple, the circle that binds them together. He could feel the skin on his shoulder blade burning as the same scar that marks her shoulder, slowly forms on his own back, linking them together forever. 

She tried to buck and twist away but he held her easily, his strength far greater then hers. She bucked as his tongue did wonderful things to her nipple. Oh God she had never felt pleasure like this. No, he is a demon. She screamed again and tried to twist but his other hand only tightened on her breast and toyed with her nipple more. Her body responding and the pleasure so intense, like nothing she has ever felt before. 

Such fight, he hoped she would have some spirit in her. He wanted more than just a union. He wanted a bond that would last and be adventurous as well. He smiled as her nipple hardened to a peak. "Your body knows what it needs. Let me give it to you my Dove." He sucked her nipple into his mouth and rolled it around with his tongue, sucking and nipping with his teeth. When she arched and gasped, he knew she is his. 

She felt the waves of pleasure racing down through her from his mouth and hand on her nipples. She wanted more. She didn't want it to end. She arched and a soft moan growled in her throat, her mind shoving aside what he looked like, only thinking of the pleasure. In some dark corner her brain teased her with her own fantasies of a demon lover, someone who takes her and fucks her, making her scream with passion. Here he was and ready to take her. 

He looked up and smiled his free hand ripping the gag from her mouth when she moans with pleasure. "Oh yes my Dove. I will give you much more." His cock throbbing with the need to be inside her, but she must be ready. He didn't want to hurt her and he knew his size might if she was not ready. He knelt between her legs and continued to lick and stroke her breasts. One hand gently and slowly was sliding down her abdomen to her pussy. His long fingers slipped between the folds and he groaned as he found her already very wet. "I can't wait much longer. I must have you." 

Her head tipped back as she arched into his hand and mouth, her hips sliding on the bed a bit a she writhed under his teasing. When his hand pressed tighter, she went still a moment until his finger stroked to toy with her clit. She arched into his hand, amazed at her wantonness. At his growled words, she whispers softly. "Yes...please.." 

"Oh yes. I shall!" He let out a roar as he rose up and thrust into her, his large cock stretching her wide as he thrust into her. His hands griping her hips and ass to hold her impaled on his cock. He growled low as her muscles fluttered and gripped him tightly. So intense was the pleasure he had to pant to hold him self back. He hears her whimper and looks down to see her face a mix of pleasure and pain, a tear slipping out of the corner of her eye. " My Dove. My love, don't cry, the pain will soon pass as I do this." He slowly drew out and then slid back in just as slow. He kept up the slow rhythm as he watched her face, his eyes locked with hers. 

The pain was intense. She panted through it as she adjusted to the size of him. When he started to move the pleasure started to build. Soon her panting turned to whimpers of pleasure and small cries of joy as he quickly brought her to a climax. Her hips lifting into him wanting him to go faster and maddened that he will not. 

He watched her face come alive and her body responded to his. As she begged and whimpered for him to go faster, he slowly began to build the pace, his cock sliding in and out now with ease as her wetness coated him and her muscles gripped him tightly. "Yes. My dove." 

She lifted her hips to meet his thrusts as a fire built, her muscles tightened and her heart raced. "Yes! Now!" She tipped her hips up to him faster as he thrust into her deeply, pushing her over the edge as she screamed out her passion. She watched as his wings spread out wide and he threw back his head in a growl that built into a roar as he thrust quickly a few times then held him self in deeply as he shuddered. He drew out to thrust in again and she can feel his cock pulsing with in her. 

As her muscles gripped him, he lost all control and thrust into her with quick strong thrusts. Finally reaching his release, his muscles tensing he roared with delight as he filled her deeply. As he shuddered through his orgasm, he looked down at her and reached up to untie her arms and then her legs, not wanting to pullout of her warmth gripping his cock. He smiled when her legs slowly caress up his own and back down, her hands doing the same to his arms. "What is your name?" 

"I have no name. Only you can give me a name. It is so written." 

She looked up at him and smiled. "Then I shall call you Goliath." She purred his name a few times. "Again Goliath. Fuck me again." 

"It will be my pleasure. You have but to ask my Dove."