 Grey had spent the last few hours preparing for the evening as the old women of Paris had once prepared to enjoy the performances of Madame Guillotine. The adrenaline that pumped through his veins had allowed him to feel every moment of preparation, rather than just experience it, and it was somewhat of an anti-climax that he was now approaching the house. 

Grey focused on the three souls inside as he rang the doorbell. He owned one but he needed two if this was going to be a true test of his thesis. He needed to work swiftly, directly and maintain subtlety for at least another day although the main target was already selected. Mary was a little lamb, her peace was white as snow and everywhere that Mary went, the shades of Grey would sow.

Simon answered the door with a face that showed a mixture of worry, fatigue and hope in equal measure. He was almost pathetically pleased to see Doctor Grey as Susan had been, if anything, even more distant and nervy around him since the session today.

Simon invited Grey into the house and showed him to the spare bedroom. The room was adequate for the moment, however Grey did not expect to be sleeping there for too long. The main advantage was that is was located across from Simon's bedroom, with the two girls having a room on either side. It placed Grey in the perfect position to isolate each part of the family unit without any of the other parts being aware.

As he was unpacking there was a knock at the bedroom door. Grey hurriedly concealed the special items before he called out.

"Come in please."

Karen opened the door. Her face showed her pain for it was pale, drawn and contained two desperate eyes. She was a mere shadow of the confident woman she had once been and Grey knew that his command would be her wish. He opened his arms to her without a word and she rushed to embrace him, bursting into tears despite the calming sensations from Grey's cologne that now enveloped her.

"I'm sorry, Doctor Grey, but I've been feeling so frightened since I left you today and I have no idea why. I need to be with you so much."

Grey held her in a soft embrace.

"It's ok Karen, it's just a part of your sexual-fixation on me and it's good that you are able to express it openly to me. For the next week I want you to face it without shame and together we will ensure that it is defeated. By the time we are finished you will only ever have eyes for your husband again, I promise you."

Karen felt her fears easing as she breathed in Grey's usual fix of compassion mixed with drugs. It was a highly intoxicating combination, especially to one so addicted, and Grey could feel her relax in his embrace. With the anaesthetic applied it was now time to begin operating on her again.

"Ok Karen I want to observe you in your family environment but I will also need to talk to you from time to time, either alone or quietly when others are present. It's clear that the conversations are going to have to move into the sexual realm given that your problems are rooted there, so I'm going to ask you to apply the gel and keep applying it every time you think you are losing lubrication. I will give you plenty for the week ahead."

Karen could not stop herself from looking Grey over as he spoke. She felt her pussy moisten as she remembered how incredible it had felt to make love to him and a tiny part of her mourned that soon she would no longer get the chance to. She became angry with herself for the thought and wrestled her libido back under her control.

"Ok Doctor Grey, I will." "The other thing," Grey continued, "is that I will need to co-operation of other members of your family. I know Simon will support our work but what about Mary and Susan?"

Karen thought for a second.

"Mary is very worried about me and has already said that she will help in any way she can. She's delighted you are here because she thinks it will end this nightmare for all of us. Susan is different, I'm afraid, because she's always been the more stubborn of the two. I don't know how willing she is to help, despite her love for me, because she seems to resent having a stranger in the house for a week."

Grey noted the group dynamics. Mary was going to be useful but Susan could yet undermine the whole experiment unless he was careful. He decided that Susan would need to be isolated, in order that the other three could form a unit that would succumb to group thinking. This would ensure they were less open to conflicting views as well as leading Susan to feel resentful, even hateful, of Grey for his presence in the family. Grey looked forward to breaking Susan intently and her hate would simply add spice to the situation. "Ok, well Susan should not present too much of a problem. What I want to create tonight is a situation where each member of the family focuses on their sexual side, with you as the central focus for everyone. If you and Simon can refocus on each other and you can look upon Mary's sexuality without any qualms, I think you will be on a good path that will allow us to guide you away from your fixation on me. Does that make sense to you?"

It did and Karen nodded.

"It will start with something basic. I want you and the family to go for an hour long walk and you, Simon and Mary are not to be wearing any underwear. Your normal clothes are fine but the rule is that the women must wear no bra or panties and Simon must wear no underpants. It may seem a little odd but it's designed to get you to feel comfortable around yourselves, maintaining modesty of course, as you see a few more curves than usual."

"Is Susan not to do it as well, Dr Grey?"

"No, I think she'd feel uncomfortable and that would poison the atmosphere for all of you. Don't tell her, just make sure she goes with you. As for Mary, I want to talk to her before you go out about her inability to climax. Go downstairs and talk with her please. She's going to be nervous, of course, so she will need her mother to reassure her about the methods I use. The oils and gel have helped you relax a lot haven't they?"

Karen agreed enthusiastically

"Then just get that over to her and she should be ok. Send her up when you are done. I will wait for her in her room."

Grey prepared himself and then went into Mary's room as Karen went downstairs. A quick search showed him that Mary was indeed a complete virgin. All her panties were matronly, there were no clandestine sex-toys or correspondence and the entire room had that unique look and feel of the adult nursery. Grey knew she was innocent, naive, open to suggestions and would trust her mother's ringing endorsement of him. He put on his best professional manner as he heard his prey ascend the staircase and approach the room.

Mary opened the door and smiled nervously at him as she entered. She was wearing a white tee shirt and tight, black jeans that showed off her magnificent body.

"Hello Doctor Grey. My mum told me that you would like to speak with me for a bit."

"Indeed, Mary. Close the door and sit on the bed please."

Mary closed the door and sat on the bed whilst Grey sat on a plain chair, maintaining a respectful distance whilst admiring Mary's ass as it went by.

"Your mum would have told you about the aides to therapy I use. They are just simple therapy oils and lubricant, which help to clear and focus the mind. I have a handkerchief here with the oils on, which I will give to you in a moment, and then I will give you some gel to apply. I will, of course, leave the room whilst you apply the gel. Is that ok?"

Mary looked relieved and Grey knew he had guessed correctly. She was worried about applying gel to her vagina whilst he was in the room and, having removed that threat, Grey knew she would now view him with a little more trust. He could wait for her knowing that Mary would do a lot more than just show him her pussy in the end.

As Mary inhaled the oils she felt the same incredible sensation of calm that Karen experienced. Grey watched with quiet satisfaction as she took long, deep inhalations from the handkerchief. She clearly had an addictive-personality and that meant she was probably a closet thrill-seeker by nature, possibly even having the same exhibitionist tendencies that her mother possessed. The oils and the gel would do their part but her own personality meant that Grey needed to simply show her something exciting, something new, and she would hang on his every word.

He left the room and placed his ear on the door. The tell tale zip sound thrilled him as he imagined Mary pulling down her jeans and panties before fingering herself as she applied the gel. 

"Ok Doctor Grey, I'm finished. You can come back in now."

Grey entered the room and saw that Mary had become so relaxed with the oils that she was now lying down on the bed. He snatched a quick look at the crotch of her jeans as he sat down, smiling as he knew his gel would slowly make this bitch go into heat.

Grey began with the usual professional questions. He wanted to get to know Mary a bit more, allow her to get used to his presence and also for the gel to kick in. All the while Mary inhaled more and more from the handkerchief and replied with a voice that sounded very relaxed in deep. She had crossed the mental line, Grey knew, in which she had decided that she not only trusted Grey but also was enjoying the session.

After 20 minutes Grey noticed that Mary's breathing had altered, becoming less rhythmical as her vagina began to awaken. It would be another 25 minutes before the gel reached full effect but, to the mind of a virgin, Grey knew that even the initial tingling would feel exciting. She was already thinking with a mind more in her crotch than her head and so it was time to move the conversation towards her focus.

"Your mother told me, Mary, that you have never been able to climax and that you are still a virgin. I think that your situation is worrying Karen, to the point where it is part of her problems, and I would like to help you beat the problem for both of your sakes. It will however require me to ask deep and personal questions which you must answer fully, or else the therapy will not be effective. Are you happy to proceed and help your mother?"

Grey linked it with Karen in order to maximise Mary's co-operation. He knew she was worried about her mum and also about her lack of ability to climax. By giving her the chance to solve both with one course of action he had made it emotionally impossible for her to refuse.

"That's fine Doctor Grey. I just hope we can get it sorted."

Grey smiled. She had given him common-ownership of her problem and that was the first step to controlling her.

"Have you ever had a boyfriend, Mary?"

Mary inhaled anew.

"Yes, I have had two. Mark was 20 and Tony was 19. Neither lasted more than a couple of weeks though."

"Is that because they wanted sex and you were not prepared to give it to them?"

Mary thought for a moment.

"Yes, Doctor Grey. I was firm with both of them that all we could do was softly kiss and hold hands. They wanted more."

Grey looked at Mary as she answered, taking sadistic pleasure in the knowledge he was going to make her his own.

"Have you ever seen a naked penis, Mary?"

"No, in fact I think that is part of my problem when I masturbate. I have nothing to fantasise over, yet if I encourage a man to show me then he would insist we went further."

Grey moved the conversation onto more general things again, knowing that he could use her admission later to sow a seed. He waited until the gel was at full effect before he slowly moved over towards the bed.

"You know, Mary, it's not that hard to find something that you could focus on during masturbation. You already have a penis to look at, albeit not naked, around the house. Your father is a good-looking man and you could focus on his."

As Grey completed this sentence he moved to within 4 inches of Mary, to allow the cologne to enhance the gel in her vagina and the oils on the handkerchief. Mary's natural revulsion at his suggestion was swamped by a tidal wave of calm and passion that exploded over her. She was confused, aroused, revolted and stunned by the idea all at once.

"Surely that would be wrong, Doctor Grey? He is my father after all."

Grey lowered his voice seductively, as the serpent to his Eve.

"It's because he is your father that it is safe. He's not going to hit on you, he's always around you and you would simply be using what he puts on open display as an aide to your sexual imagination. He'd be helping his little girl with a problem that is causing both her and his wife pain, so how could that be wrong? Trust me."

Grey had again linked this to Karen, lessened the sin and made it appear to be an almost benevolent act. Mary wanted to help her mother and the gel had already made her wonder if the sexual charge she had just felt was triggered by the thought of her father.

"I cannot see much in his jeans anyway, Doctor Grey."

Grey knew she'd accepted the principle and now it was simply a matter of guiding her.

"Normally yes, Mary, but today as part of your mother's therapy you are all about to go for a walk."

Mary interrupted him.

"Yes, she told me. We are going to walk around with no underwear on which amused me to hear, I must admit."

"Well, Mary, that means that his jeans are going to be a little more revealing than normal. Go for the walk and look at him as a man, not a father. Come talk to me afterwards and we can go on from there."

The session ended and Grey left Mary to get ready for the walk. He went downstairs and saw Simon, Karen and Susan watching television. He sat down in front of them and proceeded to show them an intercom unit.

"I think it's important for the family to be able to talk as a group but also as individuals. It may be hard, especially late at night, for someone who wants to talk to me to do so. They may feel embarrassed or not wish to disturb me. I am going to put an intercom unit in every room and corridor of the house so that anyone, at any time, can talk to me in privacy when I am in my room. Ok?"

Susan looked unhappy but she reluctantly agreed. She certainly knew she was never going to use it because something about Grey gave her the creeps, although it was only a 6th sense that refused to identify the reasoning behind itself.

"Ok, you are going for your walk now. I need to calibrate these units to work together and I will have that all done when you return. Please leave the units where I place them as any movement of them could cause them to lose their frequency locks."

Grey remained seated whilst the family prepared for the walk. 10 minutes later they had left with, Grey noted, Mary checking out her father's ass as he led the way. The gel inside Mary and Karen's pussies would help to make it a fun walk, he thought.

Grey went around the house and carefully placed each intercom unit. Each unit did indeed transmit sound but not at the whim of the operator. Each had a pinhole colour camera hidden inside it and also a powerful microphone. Grey set up the master unit in his bedroom, allowing him to switch from camera to camera with a simple push of a button. The unit contained a viewing screen and could also digital record anything he wanted as a trophy later. Nobody could be in the house now without his eyes being upon them.

As the family walked Karen felt a mixture of the usual anxiety, born from her withdrawal again, and elation as the gel made the rubbing of her jeans delightful. She was also happy that she was able to project her sexual arousal onto Simon, who looked magnificent today with his unfettered cock bulging at his zipper.

Unknown to Karen, Mary was thinking exactly the same. Her mind was racing and her heart was pounding as she flashed quick looks at her father's crotch. His cock was hanging to the left, bunched up in jeans that silouetted each ball and could barely contain him. It was the first time in her life that she had ever seen a penis that was so near to naked. Mary had always avoided swimming baths and the like because, despite her beauty, she felt ugly. Part of her anger at being unable to climax was that it was yet another thing to make her feel freakish. Now she was able to get her mental image in the safety of the family and she felt liberated.

Mary's mind raced as they reached a park. She felt she wanted more, that the image was not enough to allow her to focus on it when she was playing with herself, yet she also knew that this was her father. She had to not only be careful but also not to offend her own sense of morality, although that latter sense was very much the minority voice at the moment.

"Dad, can I have a hug please?" Mary asked as they had stopped for a rest.

Simon smiled at how his little girl still needed reassurance, even now she was a beautiful young woman. He held her closely, feeling her breasts mould to his chest as her arms held his.

Mary presented a fine façade to conceal her arousal but she managed to position them both so that her pussy could press against her father. The jeans deadened the sensation but it was the mental thrill she was seeking. She was not disappointed and quietly thanked Doctor Grey for his suggestion. 

Grey meanwhile was searching the house and was especially enjoying violating Susan's privacy. He read her mail, felt the crotch of every pair of her jeans, sniffed around her pyjamas and generally revelled in his anticipation of breaking her. The day was coming soon when she would kneel before him.

He had just finished in Susan's room when he heard the family returning. He waited in his room for Mary to report to him and was not disappointed. She knocked shortly after arriving back.

"Doctor Grey?"

"Come in, Mary."

She came in and her face instantly told Grey that she had not let him down.

"You father is magnificent, isn't he Mary?" Grey said

Mary blushed.

"Well, now you have some mental image I guess you would be in a hurry to try it out alone. I must caution you, though, that it will probably not work. Mary, I can promise you that by the end of the night you will have multiple orgasms but you must trust me if it is going to work. Do you trust me enough to free you of your condition and to help your mother?"

"I do, Doctor Grey."

Grey smiled.

"Good, then you are not to play with yourself at all until I tell you. In the meantime I will give you some gel to ensure that you do not lose lubrication tonight, along with another handkerchief to relax you. What we are aiming for is to build on the mental image you now have and help to cement it inside your mind. After that you will be able to climax as often as you wish."

"How are we going to do that, Doctor Grey?"

"I am going to give you and your mother a small ear-peace, which we will tell the others are monitors that are feeding data to a computer in my room. They will in fact be simple speakers, linked to a tiny microphone I will conceal in my hand. In this way I will be able to advise you and your mother tonight on things that will help your respective conditions. All you have to do is simply follow my advice, no matter how odd it may seem, and I guarantee you will be cured." 

Grey handed the speaker to her and they left the room. 20 minutes later he had briefed Karen on the situation and the whole family were watching television with Grey. Susan pointedly sat alone whilst Karen and Simon sat on the couch. Grey sat next to Mary on a two-seat sofa, enjoying the thigh-pressure from time to time.

Grey deftly switched his microphone to Karen's wavelength and whispered into his hand, whilst pretending to be using it to support his head.

"Karen, we are going to really focus your sexual energy on Simon tonight and attempt to break your fixation on me. Simon is naked under his jeans, of course, so your touch is going to feel better. I want you to start trying to covertly turn him on, to see how far you can get without the girls noticing."
