 Taylor had just moved into her new place. It wasn't big, but it was close to both school and weekend job, and it had a spectacular view over the park. And a kitchen where you could actually prepare a meal. And an elevator. So she liked it. The neighbors seemed nice too. At least nice enough to say hello when they saw her moving in.

Two male friends of hers helped her carry the heavy stuff, and late that Sunday afternoon she had boxes all over the flat, and after a pizza together the friends left her. In the evening she had got the furniture where she wanted it and had unpacked enough to survive the next day. And she was tired, so she went to bed and fell asleep directly.

Next morning she didn't really know where she was when she woke up. But then she remembered. She is in her new apartment. So she got up, found some clothes and got dressed. But when she took the old clothes to put them in the laundry bag, one of the socks was wet!

Not the whole sock, but down at the toes and half the foot is soaking wet. And. When you smell at it. It is cum! Had some guy been in her room and jerked off in her sock?! She checked the door. Locked. And the windows. Locked. And besides it's on fourth floor! You would need a looooong ladder. She put the clothes in the laundry after smelling that sock one more time.

She had some breakfast and then she went to school. In school, she started getting second thoughts, Maybe she just tripped in some water yesterday and forgot about it. Or in something she spilled on the floor. And that smell of cum? Probably just wishful thinking.

When she came home, she went directly to the laundry and picked up that sock. It's stiff and hard now. And it smells something. Like cum? Naaah. Not really. It's probably just all in her head. She did have a stressful time lately, with moving and all that.

But when she went to bed that night, she did check that her socks are dry, and she noticed exactly how she put them. Close beside each other, but not touching each other. She also piled up two chairs against the bedroom door, just to be sure. She looked at the chairs before she fell asleep. No one will be able to open that door without waking her up.

But still. The first thing she did when she woke up was looking at those chairs. They are exactly the same. Then she looked at the socks. They had been moved! One is now laying on top of the other! Her hand is shaking a bit when she let her fingers touch the top sock. It is wet. She pulled her hand back, smelled her fingers, and she recognized the distinct smell of cum.

She quickly put new clothes on. Then she searched the closet for any hidden door. Then the rest of that wall, as that is the wall bordering to the neighbor. But then she remembered seeing that neighbor when she moved in. It is a girl in her thirties. But maybe she has a kinky boyfriend? Taylor skipped breakfast that day. She wasn't hungry, and all that investigation took too long time.

When she came home, she saw the neighbor opening her door just as she put the key into her door. She said hey and started talking a bit. No, the neighbor is single and isn't really looking for anything at the moment.

"Unless you know someone, haha?"

Then she started talking about the guy living in the flat before Taylor.

"He was a really good-looking guy. Around 25. But he was a bit weird. They say he liked to look at young girls when they didn't know if you know what I mean. While playing with himself. I talked to his brother once, and he said he most likely was a virgin. He hung himself in his bedroom, just a month ago. Poor guy. Oh, sorry, didn't mean to frighten you. Didn't realize that it's your bedroom now."

Taylor mumbled something about "I need to...", and went inside. That story had frightened her. A lot. Not that she believes in ghosts, but still. Later that night she phoned a friend she knows is a bit into mysterious things. She didn't tell him everything. Just that she thinks objects are being moved during the night, and that the previous tenant had killed himself in her bedroom. He gets interested, and he comes fifteen minutes later with a webcam that he installs in the bedroom and connects to her laptop.

"Now, this camera will start recording as soon as anything moves in the room. Including if you move in your sleep. If this is a mouse or you sleepwalking or something else in the real world it will show, and then you will know. If it's something not from this world, it will not react, and then we need to do other investigations. OK?"

No, she's not OK. A mouse does not jerk off in someones sock. And it sure wasn't her. But finally she falls asleep anyway. She woke up a lot of times during the night. Every time looking towards the socks. And when she once again woke up at 4:27, one sock had been moved. She looked in the rest of the room, but it's empty. Her hands shook when she went to the laptop.

There has been a lot of recordings during the night. She must have moved a lot in her sleep. She opened the one started 4:19, but that's just her moving around. The socks are already altered there. The one started 4:03 makes her absolutely cold. It is started from her moving, but there is a guy standing next to the bed. Naked, but with a sock on his cock.

He is looking at her while he is jerking off. It is ending 4:07 even though the guy is moving, he just leaned over her like he is trying to see her tits. The recording before that was started 3:44 and in that the socks are not moved. He has both entered and left the room without starting the camera. The only video she had with that guy in it was started by her moving in bed. She didn't sleep anything more that night.

Taylor went to school next morning, but she could just as well have stayed home. She didn't remember anything from the day. When she got home her friend phoned her to ask if she found anything. She lied and said there was just her moving in her sleep, and this night nothing had been moved. But she did ask him what could be done to get rid of him if it really were some dead guy in the apartment. Not that she believed in that sort of things, but if.

"That depends." he said. "He probably has some unfinished business. Something he wanted to have said or done before he died. There is a theory that it is the last though of a dying person that can create some pattern in a room, and that pattern creates hallucinations in your mind. That doesn't explain things moving and lots of other things, but many times these things disappear if you could figure out what he wants and help him with that."

"Maybe he is just a freak that likes to scare people." she answered.

He laughs. "Most likely not. Keep that LastThoughtOfDyingGuy in your mind. If he is threatening, it could be revenge. If not, maybe he wanted to say he is sorry for something before he dies? What items does he move? That might give a clue. Do you know anything about him? Something that might make him regret his suicide in the last second?"

"You mean like regretting he would die as a virgin?" she said very silently.

He is quiet a few seconds. "Yes. Something like that. Are you hiding something from me? Is there anything sexual in what he has moved?" he asked.

"No, it was just something my neighbor said." she answered.

She's not really sure what to do, but she decided not to sleep anything this night. She will lay in bed, pretend to be asleep, but be ready for him when he comes. Whatever will happen, she will try to see as something hot, and she did try to make her pussy at least a little wet. It's a long night. She did fall asleep now and then, so just to be sure she set the alarm at 3:30, if she would fall asleep and if he comes the same time every night.

When the alarm woke her up, she knew she had been sleeping for a long time, but when she looked at the socks they are unmoved. Good. And then. Half an hour later he just appears in the room. He stands looking at her. She kept her eyes half closed, pretending to sleep. He took one of her socks, threaded it over his cock, and started to rub it. He moved closer until he stood right beside her bed.

She pretended to sleep a little more, but then she opened her eyes and looked at him. At first, he got scared, but then she removed her blanket and sheets to let him see her naked body, and then he starts jerking again. Faster now. She reached out her hand to take his balls.

She had expected him to be ice-cold, but he wasn't. He had no temperature, or maybe you should say he had room temperature. But then he cummed in the sock. Fuck. That wasn't what she wanted. But she took the sock from him, held it against her cheek. The cum was actually warm.

"When you come tomorrow, you can have sex with me if you want."

And then he smiles happily, and sort of fades away.

Was that it? Was it enough just to promise him sex? In a way she was a bit disappointed. She realized she wanted to fuck him. Oh well, it was sort of hot anyway. She fell asleep with the cum filled sock against your cheek. Next day in school was better, but when she got home she was dead tired, and she went to bed early. She didn't care if he would come or not. She just had to sleep.

Sometime around four, she woke up when someone slides down in bed beside her. Someone not warm and not cold. Someone that just climbed up over her and started fucking even before she was fully awake. No need to do any foreplay, obviously. When the cock enters her, it does feel a bit cold. Not ice-cold, but cold.

Well, if this is what it takes, then so be it. She tried to act as if she enjoyed it in hope to make him cum faster. Not really the first time she did that. And not like he would notice the difference. When she faked an orgasm, he cummed inside her. And as she hoped he then faded away. It was a weird feeling to first have a hard cock up your pussy, feel it getting soft, and then, poff, it's gone.

Taylor did hope that was the last she would see from him. And when a week had gone without any wet socks or any other signs of him, she started to believe in that. In a way it felt like she did something good. She gave him peace by taking his virginity. After two weeks, she started to believe it actually was some sort of hallucination.

But now that night was close to five weeks ago, and she sits here looking at a positive pregnancy test. And no matter how she counts, the only possible time she could have got pregnant is that night when a cock just evaporated into thin air from her pussy.