 I could feel his presence. He was close, but I couldn't see him. I was in a large, open space. I wasn't sure exactly where. I was surrounded by thick, gray fog that threatened to choke me with each breath I took. 

"Hello?" I yelled, but received no answer. I heard footsteps, but couldn't tell which way they were coming from. I could feel my heart start to pound. My body shivered from both fear and the sudden chill in the air. 

The footsteps grew louder as they came closer and closer. "Who's there?" I yelled, but still no response. I then felt a hand slowly move up my arm and tightly grip my shoulder. My breathing became faster and heavier as I became completely consumed with fear. My heart was pounding so loud in my ears that I could barely hear the sobs and whimpers escaping my mouth.

Then, with a force that almost knocked me off my feet, the hand turned me around. First, only a tall, dark shadow stood before me. I slowly began to see what was in front of me as the fog cleared away from him. He was tall, maybe 6 feet and had shoulder length, black hair. His skin was slightly pale and his cheeks had a tinge of pinkish red in them. He had full, red lips, but what struck me most were his eyes. Pale blue, and seemed as though they pierced my very soul. 

I was frozen with terror. My mind was racing, wondering; who this man was and what did he need from me. Yes, I knew he needed me. Suddenly, I hear his voice within me, from my very soul. "Hush my child. No harm will come to you." A breathless whisper and all my fears instantly vanished. All I could do was gaze into those beautiful pale blue eyes. I suddenly felt the urge to go to him and let him take me. 

As if my feet and legs had a will of their own, they slowly started taking me closer to him. My hands pulled my long, dark hair away from my neck and I tilted my head slightly, exposing my bare flesh. It was as if I was being willed to do it and had no power to stop it. 

The man leaned in to me, down to my neck. He inhaled deeply, taking in my scent. As he exhaled, he let out a soft moan as if he'd smelled the most wonderful scent in his life. His hands came up to my breasts, his thumbs rubbing against my nipples through the fabric of my tank top. I could feel them become hard as he took them between his thumb and finger and squeezed and pulled on them gently, making me gasp.

He lifted my shirt just above my breasts and seemed pleased that I wasn't wearing a bra. He bent down and took one mound into his mouth, teasing and flicking my nub with his tongue. My hands went to his head, pulling him to me. He slid his hand down my shorts, feeling the wetness through my panties. He took his mouth away from my chest and stared at me, enjoying the pleasure on my face. 

He then pulled my panties aside with his fingers and started rubbing my clit. My gasps became moans, feeling the ecstasy welling up within my belly. I lifted my head so I was staring straight into his eyes. "Make love to me." I whispered. My body ached to feel him inside me. 

He continued rubbing my clit a few more moments before shoving his finger deep inside me. My legs became weak and I had to grab hold of his shoulders to keep from falling. He bent down and once again took a nipple into his mouth, teasing it with his warm tongue, still shoving his finger inside me faster and harder. 

My moans became screams and my body stiffened just as I was about to explode my hot cum onto his hand, but before I could, he quickly pulled his hand out of my shorts sending waves of ache, longing and disappointment flowing threw me. He brought his hand up to his nose, inhaling deeply then licking my juices off of it, smiling as he did so. I could see two pointed and very sharp looking incisors protruding from his gums.

He then leaned down, kissed me softly, and said, "I will make love to you, my sweet angel. Soon." With that, he slowly started to fade away. I felt extreme sadness and pain grow inside me. "NO!" I yelled. "Please, don't leave me!" but he was gone.

My eyes shot open and I was back in my bed. "Just a dream." I said as I rolled over to look at the clock. It was almost 6:30 am. I had to be up at seven to get ready for work so decided to just stay up. It wasn't the first time I had the dream. I've had it off and on throughout most of my adult life, but it was still rather disconcerting. 

While working at the local movie theater, I tried putting the dream out of my head and forgetting about it, but like all the other times I had that dream, I could still feel that urgent longing for him. Needing to feel his touch and his hot breath on my neck. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop thinking about it. His eyes were what I remembered the most. His beautiful, pale blue eyes.

My day was almost over at work. It had been slow and long and I couldn't wait to get out of there. I was getting my things together and waiting for the next person to take my place at the concession stand when a man came up to the counter. "What can I get ya?" I asked without looking up. Then, just as in my dream, I heard his voice whisper within me only this time he said my name. "Sarah." 

I froze and my heart started to pound. My eyes slowly looked up at the man in front of the counter and I almost fainted. There he was. The man from my dream. I tried to scream, but no sound would come out. He reached over the counter and took my hand. "It's ok, Sarah." He said using his actual voice. "As I said before, I will not harm you." 

My pulse began to slow, my fear melted away and I became entranced by him once again. My eyes were locked on his and I felt that strong urge to let him take me again. He pulled me by the hand around the counter, his eyes never leaving mine, pulling me close. "Sleep, my angel." He whispered in my ear and then I was enveloped by darkness.

When I awoke, I found myself in a large bed with black, satin sheets. The room was small and there were very few items in it. As well as the bed, there was a large dresser and two bedside tables. The walls were painted a dark shade of purple and there were long black drapes covering two windows. The room was fairly dark except for two lit red pillar candles that were on the tables. 

As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I saw something out the corner of my eye. I turned my head slightly and was stunned by what I saw. The man from my dream, and who had apparently kidnapped me, was lying next to me. He appeared to be asleep so I just lay there, motionless, fearing if I tried to move, he would wake up.

Soon, my fear was replaced by curiosity, intrigue and longing. I remembered how he made me felt in my dream and at the theater. No one had ever made me feel that way before. 

I couldn't take my eyes off of him. There was something so beautifully mysterious about him. He looked so peaceful in his slumber; I didn't want to wake him. He was on his back, head tilted slightly towards me. I watched his chest move up and down in a slow rhythm. He had on a tight red shirt that clung to his toned muscles, and black jeans. His lips looked so lush, I felt an urge to kiss them, to feel their softness on mine. 

I reached over and swept a lock of his black hair from his brow. Then, slowly, I leaned into him, placing my lips on his for just a moment. I felt a shock wave flow through me. It was like nothing I had ever experienced before. I leaned in again and kissed him longer this time. My hand went to his cheek, caressing it as I continued to place soft kisses. I wanted to stop by my longing for him wouldn't let me. 

I then felt him start to kiss me back. I was startled for a moment, but was quickly consumed with the pure passion emanating from him. His lips parted slightly and his tongue slipped out, lightly licking my lips. I gasped at the sensation and opened my mouth, wanting his tongue to invade it. 

His hand slid up my leg to my waist, pulling me closer until I was almost on top of him. Our tongues danced together for what seemed like an eternity. My hand moved down his cheek and down to his groin. I rubbed the growing bulge, feeling it stir beneath my hand. I could feel the wetness start so seep out from between my legs and my clit started to throb. My body ached for him. Wanting, needing to feel his manhood inside me. 

As if understanding my desires, he pushed me onto my back. I thought I was going to suffocate from his weight pressing down on me, flattening my breasts between us. We lay there for a long moment, embracing, kissing, our hands roaming. He sat up and started unbuttoning my shirt. He pulled me up so it was easier to slip off my shoulders and then he went to work on my bra. Unfastening it then pulling it free from my chest. My breasts fell slightly, my nipples stood erect as if happy to finally be free from their restraint. 

He cupped them in his hands, caressing them, kneading them gently. Tweaking the nubs between his finger and thumb. He bent down and sucked one into his mouth, swirling his tongue around it then lightly grazing over it, alternating, one, then the other and back again. I felt like I was in heaven. The slightest touch of him made my skin tingle, my pulse race, sent a fire coursing through me that only he could extinguish. 

I laid back down. I felt like I was floating with all the different sensations that were flowing through me. I could feel the bulge in his pants pressing against my snatch. Oh how I wished he would give it to me, but he continued his torture. 

He slowly moved down my body, licking and nibbling, pausing to give my navel some attention. When he reached my pants, he undid them and I raised my hips so he could slide them and my thong off. Then he continued his journey down until he reached he prize. He seemed pleasantly surprised to see I was shaved clean. 

He stayed there, hovering inches away from my pussy. He just stared at it as if it were the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Each breath he exhaled made my clit jump. I wasn't sure how much more I could take. He then lifted my legs onto his shoulders and sucked my hard pebble into his mouth, licking it, teasing it with his tongue. 

My moans and gasps filled the room as he slid a finger in my cat, then another. Sliding them in and out, coating his fingers with my juices. He flicked his tongue on my clit in rhythm with his fingers, getting faster and faster. I could feel the burning in my belly, my muscles tensed and I let out a long cry of great relief as my orgasm rocked my body from head to toe. 

He crawled his way back up to my face, kissing me, letting me taste the sweetness of my cum on his lips and tongue. I needed him more then than ever. I started working his shirt out of his pants. He sat up and took it the rest of the way off. He then got off the bed and took his pants off. I sat up and felt a tingle in my pussy seeing his beautiful cock pointing at me. I couldn't take my eyes off of it, wondering what it felt like, what it tasted like. 

I wrapped my hand around it, slowly stroking, rubbing my thumb around the thick head. A drop of pre-cum oozed out of the tiny hole. My mouth began to water, wanting to taste it. Sticking my tongue out, I licked it off. He tasted so good and I wanted to taste more. 

I continued pumping his shaft while I wrapped my lips around his mushroom, sucking, swirling my tongue around it. Soft moans came from deep inside his throat. I slowly slid my mouth further down his manhood, sucking a little harder, bobbing my head a little faster. I started massaging his balls, gently squeezing them, tickling them with my nails. His hand went to the back of my head and he started to fuck my mouth. 

His moans became more urgent and he started bucking his hips wildly. He let out one loud moan and then I felt the warm stickiness of his cum shoot into my mouth. I continued sucking him, swallowing every bit. I didn't want to lose a single drop. When he was finished, he climbed back onto the bed and collapsed onto his back. I gave him a few minutes to rest before going back to work on him. Oh, no. I wasn't finished yet. 

I leaned down and took him back in my mouth, my tongue swirling, my head moving up and down slowly. I could feel it stiffening. What a wonderful feeling. When he was hard again, I got on top of him, straddled him and slowly lowered myself, feeling his massive member part my soaked lips and glide against my velvety walls.

I began rocking my hips, feeling him touch my most sensitive spot deep inside me and it drove me wild. I rode him faster and harder, reached around to play with his balls, my tits bouncing around. He grabbed my hips and started thrusting into me with all his might. 

He then rolled us over so he was on top of me. He put his arms under my legs, lifting them more as he pounded into my love box with fierce passion. My screams and cries of pleasure echoed off the walls. He bent down and started kissing me hard, shoving his tongue in my mouth. I thought I felt a sharp prick on my lip and tongue, but was too far into the moment to think about it. All I wanted, all I needed was for this moment to last forever. 

He fed my pussy his dick a few more times then we both exploded in ecstasy. My eyes closed, my head tilted back, it felt like the room was spinning, our bodies dripping with sweat, the only sound was that of our heavy breathing. My body felt like it was floating, it felt like I was in heaven, but then a sharp, stabbing pain in my neck brought me back.

I wasn't sure what was going on at first. My lover was still on top of me, his head nuzzled between my neck and shoulder. Everything started to go dim, I felt dizzy and breathless. Like my very soul was being sucked out of me. Then, I was enveloped by darkness. 

My eyes shot open and I was back in my bed. "Just another dream" I told myself as I rolled over to look at the clock. 8:30 pm. I got up and went into the bathroom. When I turned on the light, it sent a sharp agonizing pain through my head, but dulled a little as my eyes adjusted. I looked in the mirror and was horrified by what I saw. I extremely pale except for a slight tinge of pinkish red in my cheeks. 

I felt something strange in my mouth and when I opened it to see, I saw two, pointed incisors sticking out from my gums. It was then that I realized what happened. The man from my dream was real, what had happened at his house was real, but what was most frightening was I realized he was a vampire and had turned me into one too.