 I opened my eyes to the utter darkness and stretched the kinks that came from the long day of sleep. I reached up and pressed against the lid of my coffin. As the lid rose, the dim twilight hit me, making me squint against the fearsome horror of the dying sun. The pain blotted out the dream of...her.

Sat up and rose from my bed. I stretched again to blink away the last remnants of sleep and of the endlessly occurring dream. "Another night," I reminded myself. "Another lonely night of many thousands of lonely nights. A smile crossed my lips. "And time to feed," I said out loud. Feeding was my only diversion. Setting out to hunt, to stalk and finally, to kill and feed on the bloody warmth of my victim. For a moment I held back trying to remember the dream, to remember her.

The coldness of the late October evening pierced to my bones and I wrapped my cape around me against the cool air. "All Hallow's Eve," I thought to myself. The witching night. A night for ghosts and goblins - and me. Then I wondered if this would make the hunt easier or more interesting. "Ha!" I laughed. "This makes for a 'Target Rich' environment." Again I smiled my knowing smile. A smile that cames from many, many Halloween hunts. How many? Three hundred? Three-fifty? I had lost count.

I opened my cape and leaped into the air. With one look around my hidden domain, I soared upward through the roof and out over the city. Lights were blinking on below me. Homes were lighting. Street lights were blinking then shining their steady bluish-green glow. The city was coming alive. I knew in my dead heart it is just for me and my nightly excursions to find my prey.

Near the south end of Broadway, I landed on the ledge of a darkened building. To the North I could see the downtown commercial district. Although I knew the University was there. The drugs the college children used was not to my liking. That was not a good place to hunt. Besides, there were always too many people there to interfere. But to the South there was Dunnaway Park and the West Hills with fancy mansions ripe for Halloween party goers. That was where I would hunt tonight. 

Again I leaped into the sky. My black form flew swiftly upwards over the crest of Markem Hill. Then I stopped to look down. Off to the west there was a party at a mansion. Cars were stacked up in the driveway and along the street. I flew to hover over the mansion and stare down with deepening interest. 

"Yes." I said out loud. "This is the place." I flew to a tall Douglas Fir and settled into the upper branches to wait my chance. I looked up at the raising, bright orange, harvest moon. I wanted to howl at that moon as a werewolf in preparation of the stalk and kill. But I stopped myself. "Quiet," I thought to myself. "Do not scare the prey." I settled back and leaned against the trunk of the tree and waited again.

In my mind I remembered all the years of loneliness. All the years I had hunted. Hunted for food or for her? I cannot remember her, but I could already feel the hunger that was burning deep inside me. Is this who I am? This is what I have become? A vampire could live only in loneliness. Who would be with a creature such as I? Yes, over the years there had been a few who I would have taken to mate, but they were so filled with horror at what I had become, they could serve me only as a meal to quench the burning in me. But still I dreamed of her every day, only half remembered. Remembered from when? I did not know.

I shook my head to clear these thoughts as a couple were leaving the mansion below me. I watched them carefully. Both of them climbed into a Mercedes parked on the street and pulled away. "No," I told myself. "They are not the ones for me tonight. My wait continued.

A woman walked away from the mansion toward her car. She seemed to be alone. I watched her intently. "Yes." My thoughts moved me as I stared at her. She was tall and trim. But her most striking feature was her costume. Black like mine. The fabric shimmered in the moonlight and swayed invitingly with her hips as she walked. She stopped at a Lexus and fumbled for her keys. She reached up and pulled off the mask that covered her face. I stared intently. Her features were quite striking. But my eyes seemed to zero in on the soft flesh of her neck. Again I shook my head to clear it.

Her car pulled away from the curb and headed up Broadway Drive toward Council Crest. I leaped into the air and followed her from above. The road was winding with many twists. The car moved slowly. Following her is easy as she climbed up the hills toward the crest of the hill came to a stop at the circle at Council Crest Park.

I watched the woman open the car door and climb out, then walk towards the promontory to look out over the city. I flew over and landed just behind her.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" I said softly.

She smiled and said "Yes, it is. I love looking at Portland in the dark," without giving any indication that I had approached her.

I moved along side her and looked at her face. It was even more striking than I thought. Her aquiline jaw was gorgeous. Her nose was sharp and turned up at the end. He teeth were even as she smiled at me and says, "I've been waiting for you, you know."

"You have? For how long?"

"I'm not sure. All my life I think. I think I've always felt your presence in the darkness."

I looked at her confused, wondering. "And how would you know I even exist?"

"I've always known. If not you, one of your kind," she says glancing into my eyes. "One day, I knew we would meet."

"You are so young. How could you even know about my kind?"

"Maybe I have made a mistake. Tell me you are not a hunter of the night."

"I am. But what do you know of my kind?"

"I know of your hunger. I can almost feel the burning in you."

"What can you know?" I spit back at her angrily. The burn had become deeper, hotter. I could see the artery throbbing on the side of her neck. Involuntarily, I licked my lips in anticipation.

"No. You will not harm me, vampire," she said staring now directly into my eyes.

These words caused me to stop for a moment. "What makes you so sure?"

"Because we are not so different, you and I," she said smiling again, but this time with downcast eyes. "I feel your pain. I know your loneliness, vampire."

"Once I was called Belmoth," I told her, not know why I had done so.

"We have a kinship of sorts...Belmoth. I am Charlotte."

My hand reached out and touched her cheek as I stared deep into her eyes. I could feel her thoughts. I could feel her lack of fear, even of me and my hunger. I was as though she neither worried nor cared what I might do to her.

I offered her my hand. "Come, Charlotte. It is your time." Could this be the one? Could Charlotte be the end of my loneliness? Could she be the one for whom I have searched for these many years? But what of the burning lust inside me that was driving me to feed? Could Charlotte be just another meal or something more?

As these thoughts raced through my mind Charlotte took my hand and moved her body next toe mine. My arm circled her waist and held her as I raised both of us into the night sky.

"It is even more beautiful from here," she said as I began moving North with her still on my arm. 

Moving faster now I approached my hidden lair and dropped through the roof, to gently set down on the old wooden floor.

Charlotte looked around her. "I've passed here many times, Belmoth. I've felt your presence here."

The burning in my gut seemed to rage even more profoundly. Here she was, my food, my life. Rather than bite, I embraced her, feeling her breasts pressed to my chest, her breath coming slowly, fearless. With every fiber of my being I wanted to taste her life's blood. My lips touched her neck. But then something made me draw back.

"Go one, Belmoth. Do what you need to do."

My lips touched her cheek then her mouth. Her mouth opened to mine and our tongues did a dance. My hands went to crush her breasts and she gave out a short, breathless cry.

Charlotte fell to the floor and reached for my belt, pulling me down to her. Her hands felt for my manhood and, finding it, began a rhythmic rubbing along the shaft. Somehow she freed my dead member from its confines and took it in her mouth. My breath came deep with low moans from the back of my throat as her lips and tongue did their work.

It was wonderful. In my mind, deep down in the darkest recess, a closed door opened, A door placed there far in the back in my past, buried there for centuries. Through that door I could see another Charlotte, a lovely Charlotte making love to her man, me. Oh, so long ago, before my master made me a beast. And now for the first time in centuries, I...felt love. Love for this Charlotte or maybe the one lost forever. I did not know. 

My body shuddered with the growing tension in my groin until, finally I spewed my hot sticky cum into Charlotte's mouth. This Charlotte or the other, from a time long past, I couldn't be sure. But when I looked down, I saw this Charlotte teasing the last few drops that had spilled down her chin into her mouth with her tongue and swallowing. 

Yes, now I knew. We were not so unalike. This was both Charlottes, the old from my past and the new I had just found. But what effect of the seed I had spilled into her mouth?

I looked at Charlotte inquiringly. 

"Yes, Belmoth. I am that, Charlotte. Once I was yours and you were ming. Then your master was once mine too. Now I am yours again.

My head was reeling.

Charlotte smiled at me. "I too feel your power, Belmoth. The power over these puny creatures who call themselves mankind." With that Charlotte moved to my arms and whispered in my ear, "Come, my love, it is time."

Together we rose and rose out through the roof and out over the city. This was the Charlotte of my dreams and she was right about the time. The burning was still there and the feeling of loneliness gone. But it was time to hunt.