 18-year-old Josh prepared for bed with a little trepidation. Would tonight be the same? he thought. For the last week or so his sleep had been interrupted by the strangest dreams. Usually he had no recollection of his dreams come morning but these had stuck with him. Not quite nightmare, not quite wet-dream but an odd combination of both. Fear and desire mixed into one emotion like the shivery feeling you get when a lover runs an ice-cube down your spine, shocking yet pleasurable. 

The dreams had basically been the same, a nebulous figure indistinct like a distant shape in the fog but close enough to be heard as she whispered "soon, soon I will come to you". He shuddered as he recalled the words so full of passion but ominous all the same. As he lay on the pure white linen sheets of his king sized four poster bed he was aware of the fact that while he had goose-bumps running over his body he also was in a state of semi-arousal. Would tonight be the night he saw the figure that matched the sensuous voice or would the message be the same, full of promise yet mixed with unknown threat. These were the thoughts that ran through Josh's mind as he drifted off to sleep.

Waking with a start, Josh sat upright and gazed about his spacious loft apartment. Was that a voice he heard calling his name? His eyes darted about he large room, illuminated by the light of the newly risen full moon streaming in the French doors which led to the balcony. Was anyone there in the shadows of the corners? He felt like a child again when the night was full of ghosts and wraiths lingering in the corners of your vision. Delicious terror lurking in the shadows of a bedroom, when fairy tales were real and there were monsters lying in wait under the bed. 

Shrugging off these feelings Josh almost laughed out loud. Jeez he thought, I have to calm down. He rose from his bed and padded naked to the French doors, his lean athletic body moved easily across the rich hardwood floors. Opening one door he gazed out over the sleeping city, the moonlight shining down on his frame, accentuating the muscles of his abdomen and his nicely toned arms and legs. His cock swung loosely between his thighs, nestled between the hanging orbs of his balls. 

A trick of the light made the circumcised head seem to shine and he reached down to fondle himself. He lazily stroked himself as he thought of the mysterious voice, so silky, alluring, tantalizing yet full of hidden danger. His proud 7 inch dick grew in his hand as he slowly rubbed up and down the veiny shaft. The bulbous head swelled under his ministrations as echoes of the voice filled his mind. 

Suddenly snapping out of his reverie he realized where he was. Damn, he thought, people will think I am some kind of perv jerking off in front of an open door. Shutting the door he returned to his bed and slid onto the cool sheets, his dick still hard and pulsing. Thinking that he might as well finish the job since he was "up" he rolled towards the night-stand to fetch the tube of lube. However as he rolled he was surprised to see that the door which he thought he had closed now stood open, a gentle breeze wafting through it bringing a trace of fog into the room. 

I am really starting to lose it Josh thought as he began to rise from the bed only to be frozen into place by the voice. "Stop" the sultry voice commanded and Josh felt a ripple of fear course through his veins. His eyes raced around the room until they fell upon a figure who was now standing in the previously unoccupied doorway. A tall, slender, yet voluptuous woman stood there silhouetted in the streaming moonlight. Her dress was a long gauzy black material that did little to conceal the lithe figure under it. With the moonlight shining through Josh could see the long muscular legs that led up to the junction of her toned thighs. It was very obvious that there were no panties concealing that juncture and he thought he could see a trace of her lips in the moonlight. 

As she turned to shut the door he could see the profile of her magnificent breasts, sitting high on her chest without any trace of sag. The large aureolas were prominently evident as were the nipples themselves which seemed as if they would burst through the thin fabric at a moments notice. As his gaze continued upward she turned back into the room. He followed a long willowy neck up to an angular face. Her shoulder length jet black hair framed an unnaturally pale face which in contrast to the depth of color of her hair was strikingly beautiful, the skin so light it was almost translucent. Adding to the contrast were a pair of full pouty lips, deep red in color but naturally so it seemed. The tip of an equally red tongue protruded slightly from those smiling luscious lips. Her eyes were the most riveting feature of all, black as the bottom of a well on a moonless night but with tiny motes in the core which seemed to dance about. They were set rather deep into her face and framed with extraordinary long thick lashes below razor thin eyebrows the same jet black of her hair. 

Josh found himself lost in those eyes and while this appraisal of the sudden intruder took only moments it seemed like hours had passed before he could tear his gaze away. He was aware that his body was drenched in sweat and that awful feeling of true terror had his stomach in a death-grip. Summoning his courage he prepared to speak. His mouth opened to demand of her what she was doing in his loft and how did she come to be five stories above the street level as there was no fire escape or other access to his balcony, the steep tiled roof making it impossible to reach from above. 

Before he could speak, her mesmerizing eyes once again caught his and he found himself unable to speak. "Shhhh little one, no need for you to speak, you have nothing to say that would interest me. Lie back and be still." The fear he had felt on her abrupt arrival was running off his body like the sweat it had produced was running down his face. His cock, shrunken down by the same fear like a turtle pulled into its shell began to slowly emerge once again as she glided over to the side of the bed, his balls which had tightened up, relaxed and resumed their normal position beneath his ever lengthening rod. Compelled by the sultry voice and the hypnotic eyes he found himself at ease, no need to talk no need to move, just be. "Ah my sweet, I had not planned on coming to you tonight but when I saw you in your doorway, pleasuring yourself I could not resist" she whispered, her voice sending little chills up his spine.

"You are such a lovely thing, perfect, a fine specimen of a man." Her tongue darted out of her mouth which was besides his head and flicked into his ear. Electricity at this first touched coursed through his body and his dick suddenly expanded to its full size, jutting up at an angle from his groin, throbbing with urgency the head going almost purple in color from the onrush of blood that engorged it. Her tongue left his ear and slowly slithered down his neck following the line of the large vein there which pulsed with every beat of his heart. Her hands meanwhile were not idle. They traced the outline of his sturdy chest, playing with the fine hairs that surrounded the nipples which became like pebbles under her touch. Her mouth now was descending like her hands, planting little kisses and nibbles all over the firm muscles of his torso, stopping to suck on this piece of flesh or that. 

The soft but strong fingers traced the outline of Josh's abs, kneading the flesh while traveling ever lower. Her shining hair framed her face when she looked up at him, a small grin tickling the corners of her luscious mouth. "Is this for me?" she asked while her hand slid under his nuts and hefted them, jiggling the fleshy orbs while his cock incredibly seemed to grow larger and harder still. The other hand travelled up his shaft, the grip firm yet gentle and a clear drop appeared on the head. Her tongue darted out licking just the tip of the head clean. In response the fleshy pole lurched in her hand which was jacking slowly up and down the firmness. Lowering her head once again she took the tip into her mouth sucking gently. Josh had never felt anything like this before in his life. 

While no stranger to blow jobs, some of which he had considered world class, nothing came close to the feelings which overwhelmed his senses. It was like someone had plugged his dick into an electric socket while at the same time plunged it into a glass of ice water. If not for her firm hand at the base of his member and the sudden squeezing of his balls by the other hand Josh would surely had erupted at once. "Not yet little one, let me feast on this tasty morsel some more." Suddenly plunging back down on his straining member she engulfed him to the root in one motion. 

Now the sensation changed. The softest warmest cavern imaginable surrounded his cock only to change once again as a deep vibration emanated from her gut and travelled through his dick to reach to his very core. The feeling was so strong Josh almost swooned from the ecstasy that was centered on his manhood. The vibrations changed as she started moving his dick in and out of her mouth, her hand following her lips as they raced up and down. The tip of his cock would enter her throat on each downward stroke and he could feel the muscles of her throat massaging it as she swallowed him. No amount of pressure could hold him back from the urgent release his body craved and she could sense this.

Even though her mouth was full of his hot throbbing member Josh could hear her saying "Yes little one give me your essence, release the nectar you have stored here."

With that phrase ringing in his head and the pressure of her hands on his hairy orbs Josh exploded deep into her sucking mouth. Jet after jet of scalding cum raced up the shaft and squirted into her hungry mouth. His head spun from the intensity of it all, his body rigid as a wooden beam as he pulsed the last of his seed. Then there was a sharp prick at the base of his cock and he deflated while still in her sucking mouth. His senses already on the verge of overload from the orgasmic experience of his life failed him completely and he collapsed on the sweat soaked sheets. "Be happy little one that I had already fed this night, you were just a sweet desert."

Rising late the next morning, Josh felt oddly tired but exhilarated. Wow, that was one hell of a dream he thought as he padded naked into the bath. He did not notice the two tiny red spots marring the pristine white linen sheets of the bed.