 Tentatively, she laid down on the bed. Her mind wandered back to the last thing he said before he logged off.

"I need to ask a favor," he had typed.

One corner of her mouth had turned up as she read that and wondered what. Guys were so predictable. It was probably a request for nude pics or something. Just like all the rest.

"Oh?" She had typed back. "What favor is that?"

"What is your favorite color?"

That had puzzled her just a little. Then she shrugged. Maybe he had a lingerie fetish.

"Blue." She had responded. "What's yours?"

"Oddly... or maybe not so oddly... blue also. Most people would guess black, but it is actually blue."

She couldn't quite stop a chuckle. Of course it was. And she was actually the bastard child of the queen and would be crowned princess any time now. She tried to think of something to type back that wouldn't let him guess she was laughing at him. But, she didn't have to.

"IF you should dream of me again," he typed, "and something should start happening that makes you uncomfortable, just think of the color blue. Ok?"

She blinked and read through it again. Ok, this guy was definitaly odd. And maybe a little spooky. But, as long as he didn't know who she really was, fine.

"Ok." She typed back.

"I know it sounds odd." He typed. "Believe me, I know EXACTLY how strange it sounds. But, if I do appear in your dreams again and anything is making you uncomfortable just think about blue. And thank you."

This wasn't the usual flirting and she wasn't quiet sure what to make of it.

Now, with the computer off and, perhaps more importantly, the lights off, and lying here alone in her bed, those words came back to her.

A small thrill went through her. Not terror, exactly. But the fear of a good horror movie or a roller coaster. That feeling that although you knew you were safe, a small part of you thought you just might not be.

She snorted a laugh, there in the dark. Right. He was actually really going to visit her in her dreams.

She closed her eyes and nestled down into her pillow. She was so tired. She knew she had stayed up too long. And she hadn't slept very well last night, because...

Her eyes flew open wide as she thought about what else he had typed early on in the conversation. She sat bolt upright in the bed. It was difficult to breath.

"Did you have any strange dreams last night?" He had asked.

She had smiled and playfully typed back. "Yes. About you. But, I can't talk about it."

"Oh... umm..." He had typed. "Did it start with someone coming up behind you and gently tracing strong hands down your arms to your hands and folding them across to make you hug yourself as they held you against them and whispered something in your ear?"

She had shivered with anticipation, hoping he would keep going when she typed back, "Yes."

But, he had just typed. "Oh. Should I apologize?"

Now, though, she shivered for a different reason. She hadn't really thought about it at the time, but that was exactly how her dream had started.

Her chest felt tight, like a fist was squeezing her heart. She couldn't catch her breath for a moment.

"That's impossible." She whispered. "No one can do that."

But, still. That had been a little exact for a lucky guess.

Her nipples tightened and she felt her core moisten as she thought about what else she had dreamed.

"All right, 'Mister Acktion'." She whispered as her chest loosened and she drew a deep breath. "So, you can visit me in my dreams, can you? Let's see what happens this time."

She laid her head back upon her pillow and sighed as she relaxed. Gradually, her breathing slowed and grew shallower as she drifted off into the land of dreams. And the arms of a stranger.

*****************************************

Strong hands on her shoulders were the first thing she felt.

"Finally," A deep voice breathed softly across her ear. "I was afraid you wouldn't come."

Those strong hands glided down her arms and until they reached her hands. She felt a powerful chest press against her shoulder blades as he folded her arms under her breasts in a hug. She sighed as he held her.

"I want you so very, very much." His voice whispered and she felt lips touch her neck just below her jaw. "Just remember to think about blue if I move too fast or do anything that makes you uncomfortable."

She gasped and immediately thought of blue. Everything changed in the blink of an eye. She was no longer sitting in front of her computer where she had typed to him, and others, just a short time ago.

Instead, there was a room of blank, blue with nothing in it. His arms weren't around her any more. She turned slowly to see him standing several feet away.

"I'm sorry." He said, gently.

"What is this?" She asked. "Because I have to admit, I'm freaking out just a little bit."

"It's a dream." He said. "Your dream. I'm... well, I just sort of dropped by for a visit."

"No." She shook her head. "That isn't possible."

"Actually, it happens more than you might think." He said with a little smile. "People have dreams they don't quite feel in control of all the time. When that happens, it is usually because someone else's dream touched theirs. But, people don't talk about dreams these days much. So, most people don't realize that they share a dream world almost as much as they share the real world."

What he said almost made sense. Almost.

"So, this is what you really look like?" She asked, more for something to say than because she was quite ready to believe.

"Yes and no." He waggled his hand back and forth. "This is how I see myself. Most people don't see themselves truly. I think I've got a little better grasp on who I am than most. But... well, if I were to see you in the flesh, you would probably look a little different as well. Women are actually worse at this than men. They have a tendency to exaggerate small flaws."

"Oh, really." She smirked a little and folded her arms. "So men are better at this than women."

"Not really," he laughed. "Men tend to imagine themselves a little better than the truth."

"I happened to touch on a dream with a model once. I won't name names, but you have seen her picture in... well, a lot of places. 

"But, her dream self is... well, if we had weight in this existence, she would have been about forty pounds heavier than she really is. Her hair was this frizzy mess around her head that rivaled medusa. And she had this huge angry scar next to her eye. A scar that if you ever noticed it in her pictures, actually looks like a fingernail mark and is barely noticable.

"On the other hand, another time I touched on a dream of a rather well known... um... well, 'computer geek'. He looked like he could have posed for Michaelangelo. And if he had really been that well hung, he would have needed a wheelbarrow."

She snorted at the mental image.

"So, we look how we want to look here?"

"Not so much," he shook his head. "We look like we see ourselves. Sometimes it's how we want to look. Other times it's how we are afraid we look. I sort of like the term they used in 'The Matrix' of 'residual self-image'. But, they didn't really get it right. You see, how we see ourselves changes. Then again, they couldn't really make Keanu Reeves look like anything other than Keanu Reeves. No matter how good the make-up artist. He could open beer bottles with his chin here, by the way."

She couldn't help it. Laughter bubbled up out of her. She laughed until her cheeks streamed with tears. When her laughter finally wound down for lack of breath, she was sitting on the floor.

She wiped her eyes and saw him sitting on the floor of this strange room. He might have moved a little closer, but he was still beyond arms reach.

"So, why are you here?" She asked. "Why are we here?"

"Well, that's a little tricky." He smiled. "Do you want the short answer or the long one?"

"Short."

"I'm here to make slow sweet gentle love to you." He said. "I'm here to fuck you. And everything in between. I'm here to explore every single inch of you that I can, inside and out. With my fingers, my tongue, and my hard, throbbing cock."

Her abdomen felt like it was cramping. She could feel moisture pooling out of her. Her nipples were so tight they hurt. And her breasts felt heavy and achy.

"Oh." She said, faintly. "Um. What's the long answer?"

"The long answer is just that. Long." He grinned. "Are you sure you want to hear it?"

"Um, yes. Why would you think I wouldn't?"

"Because your clothes disappeared while you were thinking about me fucking you."

She looked down to find that, indeed, she had not a stitch of clothing to cover her nakedness.

"Eep." Her hands flew to cover herself.

"Relax." He said, gently. "Although it seems a shame to cover it back up, just imagine clothes again."

She looked down. She was still naked.

"It isn't working."

"You're trying too hard. Look, I'll turn around while we talk, okay?"

She glanced back up to find that he was facing away from her. Still sitting cross-legged on the floor.

"I admit that this may be my fault." He continued. "I really, really wanted to see you. All of you."

She felt a touch of warmth spread through her.

"You wanted to see me?" She hated that she sounded like a little girl just then and wished that she could have said something cooler.

"Very, very much." He said. "You are so beautiful it makes my chest ache. Not to mention parts of me further south."

"You really think I'm beautiful?"

Suddenly, he was just there, standing over her. She gasped and rocked back, reaching back with one hand to catch herself.

"Do I think you are beautiful?"

She flinched at the deep growl that seemed to reverbrate through her body.

"God," he said as his fists clenched. She imagined she could hear bones creaking. "I want to visit that ex-fiance of yours and hurt him for making you doubt..."

The room swirled black and red. The sheer rage radiating from him was almost palpable. It seemed to whisper along her skin, making her shiver in fear.

Blue. He had said to think about blue. Blue.

She closed her eyes tightly and thought about the color blue so hard that there were blue flecks sparkling against her eyelids.

"I'm sorry." His deep voice whispered. She felt his hand on her calf. "I'm so, so sorry."

She opened her eyes to find him sitting once more, right next to her. His hand that had seemed so strong earlier on her shoulders felt like a feather so lightly did it touch her calf. The room was a smooth cerulean once more.

"I am so sorry." He said again. "It just makes me angry that anyone could have hurt you this much. Have made you doubt that you are beautiful.

"Look, let me ask you this and you tell me." He went on. "I've already told you that I've touched dreams of movie stars and models. So, if I could be in any of their dreams, why would I be in yours?"

"I d-don't know," She whispered.

"Because out of anywhere, I want to be with you." He said simply.

"To... to fuck me?" She asked.

"I would be lying if I said I don't want to." He said. "I would love to bend you over and thrust away with my cock as deep inside you as I can go and watch the beautiful swell of your ass bounce in time to my powerful thrusts..."

Her breath caught once more and she felt her puss clench at the thought. But he was still talking.

"Or to lay you back and move my hips in a circle so that you feel my cock shifting and pressing around and around inside you while my thumb makes circles on your clit."

She was panting and her vision was blurring. Her nipples ached and without really thinking, she reached a hand to rub at that ache. But, still he was not done.

"Or to hold my body just above yours as you lay beneath me and gaze into your eyes and let you see what I'm feeling in mine as make slow sweet gentle love to you."

Her thighs clenched around her hand that had slipped between her legs to press against her aching mound there. A river of wetness seemed to drip onto her fingers.

"Or just sit here with you and talk, if that is what you want to do." He finished. "I just want to be with you."

Before she realized she had moved, her lips were pressed against his. She moaned into his mouth as his arms came up to pull her tighter to him.

Her leg ached, and almost without thinking, she shifted so that she was straddling him as she felt his tongue press against her lips. She opened her mouth to let that invader touch her teeth briefly before her own tongue darted out to fence with his.

"Or this works too." He whispered into her mouth.

The feel beneath her fingers that had clutched at him changed. Rather than cloth, her digging questing fingers felt skin.

Even better, the rough cloth that had been scraping against her swollen sex disappeared and she felt a welcome pressure of his hard, swollen cock instead.

Whimpering with need, she lifted herself just a little and felt the head lift upright to brush her swollen dripping pussy.

She wanted it inside her. The only thing that would ease the ache within was being filled with that teasing hardness she could feel as she began to press down.

She threw her head back as she felt him press up to meet her as she pressed down. His strong hands pulled her to him, one between her shoulder blades and the other on her lower back, just above the curve of her ass. Her mouth opened wide in a gasping soundless scream as her burning, aching nipples grazed his chest and his feverish lips touched the soft skin of her neck.

With a twisting moment of pressure, she felt him inside her and the ache gave away to a different need.

"Oh, God." She moaned into his mouth as she sucked at his lips. Her hips twisted and pressed against him taking him in and out and in and out. He seemed to fill every part of her down there without being too full. Her clitoris was pressing against him at the base of his wonderful, throbbing, filling dick.

She tore her mouth from his with a soundless cry and leaned back a little, trying to get him to hit a certain spot that seemed to ache and itch with needing him to touch it.

And then it happened. He leaned back away from her as she was leaning back away from him. And inside, she felt the ridge of his engorged head scrap just that spot. Her mouth clamped shut and her teeth ground together immitating her hips grinding at his as she scraped him across that spot again and again and again.

Her eyes popped open wide and her mouth followed in a soundless scream as his strong hand lifted her breast and he drew a nipple into his mouth causing a cascade of relief to wash through her.

Her hips lost the rhythm as she twitched and spasmed in ecstacy. Diminishing ripples of pleasure washed through her. She felt a gush of wetness flood from her, drenching his lap and pooling between them.

His strong hands guided her in a gentle fall from atop him to her side and then further. Until she was lying on her back looking up at him, feeling him still inside her.

"So much for foreplay." He chuckled wickedly. "Now for some real action. Ah, you are multi-orgasmic, I hope?"

"Oh, fuck." She moaned.

"Exactly."

**********************************

The siren of the alarm clock blared as the cheery sunlight streamed through the window.

She blearily swatted at the offending clock to shut off the noise.

Lifting her head, she glared at it and swore as she saw that it had been going off for thirty full minutes before she had woke up enough to hear it.

Her eyes felt like they were full of sand. More, every part of her body held a gentle complaining ache. Especially...

She smiled and turned her face against the pillows as she cupped her aching crotch. The drying dampness that met her touch was no surprise.

That had been one hell of a dream. And her body felt as if it had been made love to for hours.

Shower, dress, and work. She yawned wishing she could roll over for a little more sleep. Although she wasn't sure she could take anymore dream.

She paused by the computer for a moment on her way and on impulse turned it on and logged in.

A message popped up almost immediately.

"Thank you for a magical night." He typed in.

Her breath caught. No way it was real. No way. Slowly, she typed back.

"I should be the one thanking you, lover."

"Sorry about losing my temper for a moment." He typed back. "It just bothers me that anyone could make you think less of yourself. Could make you think you aren't beautiful. Inside and out."

She clutched at the desk feeling dizzy. How could he have possibly known. Finally, she typed back.

"Don't fuck with me. Is this real?"

There was a long pause. She felt foolish for a moment and imagined him laughing at her believing that it would be possible for one person to visit another persons dreams.

Finally, an answer popped on her screen.

"Several civilizations over time have had something they loosely translated as 'Dreamwalkers'. They believed everyone shared the dream realms or 'moon paths' as well as the waking world. But, that dreamwalkers were aware of this and could move through and shape the dreamworld. Could make things happen there. I'm a dreamwalker."