 The dream shifted around like oil on top of water. Jacob felt the swirling, nauseating him as he spun in it. He didn't grasp what was going on. Even as he cried out in frustrating terror, there wasn't anything he could do. Nothing worked for him. 

Falling asleep had become an utter nightmare for him. From watching as the alien snake took Shana, to be terrified of the pulsating cocoon in his parent's shabby room, Jacob found himself alone. For three nights he had lain exhausted in bed, confused as to what his life had become. 

When he did wake in the morning, it was to a blaring alarm. With a groan, he rolled over in bed and groggily walked through his room to the bathroom. There, he relieved himself before getting into a cold shower. 

Sleep dissipated rapidly under the torrent of frigid water. With a twist of a knob, the water quickly turned hot and he relaxed a moment before washing himself. As his mind cleared, he became increasingly aware that his first day of school in almost two weeks started today. A sudden nervousness grew in him and so he tried to think of other things.

The cocoon in his parent's room only came to mind. An alien looking thing for sure, he hadn't gone into the room since it had hissed at him two days ago. As curious as he was, he didn't investigate due to the possibility of unknown dangers.

Finished with his shower, Jacob completed a new routine for his morning. Getting dressed in fresh clothes, eating a healthy breakfast and packing his book bag. He remembered to get his doctor's note that specified today's return. At least the doctor cared. Everyone else had abandoned him. His dad was late coming home, and the alien had forsaken him to become whatever horror it wished. With a sigh, he escaped his home and headed for school. 

Silverton High wasn't in any way shiny for its name. Even when one walked past well-manicured lawns and up polished concrete steps, the sole lustrous thing in the place were the trophies that greeted the students in a massive display case right in front of the doors. On each side of the case was a door to the main office, which Jacob chose to use the door on the left. Thankfully no one paid mind to him as he walked through the crowds at the entrance. 

The high school's age was evident in the main office. Built years ago, everything in the office was stained dark as the wood took up almost every seeable surface. The giant counter that greeted anyone looked like a clerks counter one would find in a courtroom. Six openings allowed for school officials to talk to students or parents but currently, these were all taken. Jacob leaned against a wall and grimaced as the bell rang signaling the start of class. His hope had been to be seated in class before anyone recognized him. Now, he would have to walk in with all eyes on him. 

"Next," a voice called out. 

Jacob walked up to the only opening passing a woman who looked disheveled. As he walked up, he saw etched on a golden plaque on the right of the opening the name Grace. The red-rimmed blonde peered up at him. She had emerald green eyes and red shiny lipstick on. To Jacob, Grace looked young enough to pass as a high school student and the reaction in his groin surprised him. He couldn't identify a time looking at a girl or anything in that matter out in society had elicited a response. Becoming aware quickly of how the tightness in his pants increased, Jacob smiled. 

"Hey there," she said. "I don't think I've seen you before."

That stung, and he winced with those words. She didn't seem to notice, and he kept the smile on his face. 

"Yeah, you have," he said. "It's me, Jacob."

His voice couldn't have been any meeker if he tried.

"Jacob Grand?" She asked with surprise evident in her voice. He saw her stand and take off her glasses before cleaning them. Once back on she let out a squeal of surprise. The whole office had gone quiet with noise. He apologized, and everyone continued to stare at him. 

"Come around quick," Grace told him, but he didn't really hear her. People were staring at him. Each glare a dagger into him, a reminder of how his presence had interrupted the day to day dealings of the office. Feeling exposed, he moved quick to the side where Grace authorize him to go behind the counter. She ushered him into a side room.

"Are you really Jacob?" she asked him. 

He pulled out his doctor's excuse and held it out to her. Right now, he wanted to escape the room and subsequently the school. Besides, now that he was isolated with a woman in a conference room, his nerves began to get the best of him. She accepted the note from him and read it. While she did, Jacob drank in the sight of her trying to calm his shaking. 

Before, he could only see the blonde had her hair over her ears and the red-rimmed glasses shielding green eyes. Closer now, he could see that underneath, her hair was dyed jet black. Long and straight the tips of it went past her breasts. Breasts that were concealed by an ornate white blouse. The ornateness evident in the sewn patterns. 

The blouse went down and he followed it gigue line until it changed into a black skirt. The skirt was short and there was scant bare skin as that shown she was wearing stockings. Polished black shoes were on her feet, but her legs enticed him.

"Ahem," Grace said getting his attention. His eye snapped back to her. "My, I can't think of a time the massive Jacob would dare be seen checking a girl out."

He felt the heat rise in his cheeks at getting caught. The rightness of her statement to expose him to a feeling of embarrassment he wasn't used to. 

"I uh," he started. 

"Don't worry about it kiddo," she said with a gleeful laugh. "It's surprising is all. What happened?"

Her nonchalant dismissal of his staring dalliance made him feel for a second like he should tell her what happened. Something told him that it wasn't the time to. "I don't know," he replied. Trying to stop to keep his voice steady and from failing. "Just woke up like this one morning. Doctor's couldn't tell me and kept me out of school for the past two weeks." A gaze swooped all over his body. He got the impression of being sized up. 

"I hope its permanent," she said and then she suddenly blushed. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."

A compliment, even if it needed to be taken back, hit him in a queer way. Receiving praise from a woman for the first time in his entire life sent a shockwave of confusing emotions through him. 

"At least one thing is still massive," she spoke. He looked at her and saw a look of amazement on her face as her jaw slowly dropped. Then realized her gaze was on his crotch. 

"Class," he stammered out suddenly to get control of the situation. The office was just a door away. "I have to get to class."

"Do you?" she said with a lick of her lips. Jacob saw the sudden onset of wanton lust in her eyes. Unfortunately for him, he realized the situation did need to end for both of their sakes. 

"Yes," he said. 

"Very well," she said with a look of disappointment on her face. "Let me get you a pass and call your teacher."

She got up off the chair and went to leave the conference room. "Whats your teacher's name?"

Jacob though for a second before he responded.

"Ms. Clemens," he replied naming Biology teacher. 

"Bet she'd like to examine you," Grace replied before walking back into the office. The double meaning wasn't lost on Jacob and the throbbing of his cock was beginning to become unbearable. 

Sitting in the room for the moment, he struggled to direct his thoughts from being sexual. Three days of abstinence had been unbearable ever since the alien had awoken it. Shaking in frustration, he waited until Grace came back into the room, the massive door shutting behind her. "Well, heres your note," she said holding it out to him. Jacob took it tentatively trying not to touch her hand. She threw that out the window for him when she was suddenly up in his personal space. "This piece of paper is my number."

He couldn't move as her hand shoved the piece of paper into the pocket of his pants. She aggressively rubbed the length of his cock through the fabric of his pants. "I don't typically do direct," she said. "But we are close enough in age where you need to contact me when you can."

"I will," he said trying to relax. 

"Now get to class Jacob," she said. "I am genuinely disappointed that we couldn't get better acquainted right now."

Then she was gone, and Jacob let out a sigh of relief. Feeling constricted, he waited for a few seconds to get his throbbing cock to dissipate. After thinking of his dead mother, his dick did soften. 

Walking out of the conference room through a side door, he found himself thankfully in empty hallways. The walk to Miss Clemens class took him only a few seconds, and when he arrived he again found himself panicking. 

What would everyone say when they identified him? His thoughts reeled on that one question and after five minutes he almost drove himself mad trying to work the nerve up to go in. With a major sigh, he took the plunge and turned the knob. 

Miss Clemens had been talking when he walked in. Standing at the board, she was wearing a red pantsuit that hugged her curves. Her ass looked amazing, but his thoughts couldn't stay on that for long. She was quick to comment on staring and often had presented herself as purveyor of chastity. Jacob had long suspected that the woman enjoyed the stares. He did know for certain she loved to chastise the boys when caught.

"Can I help you?" she said walking briskly over to him after getting up from her desk. He kept his eyes locked onto her blue ones as she walked up to him. 

He held out the note to him which she snatched. Jacob seized the second while she read to look over to his classmates, all staring back in earnest curiosity. Not that they didn't know him, but his lumbering frame was no more.

"Take your seat," she said after a moment and that was that. Jacob walked to a seat at a table and she at her desk Evidently everyone was doing textbook work and she had been giving instructions when he walked in. Textbook work was something that Jacob would know easily before completing. 

Even though most students occupied personal single seat desks, Jacob never fit into one of them. As such, the school had forced him to sit at a designated table provided in all of his classes. Today he triumphantly sat in one. Taking out his book, he looked to the board where the instructions for the day's assignment had been written. 

No one seemed to care about him and after the class ended. Jacob had been apprehensive as soon as the bell rang. His following class, History, meant that he would have to deal with Billy. Sighing, he moved out of the classroom, with no harassment from anybody. 

In history, Jacob took the chance and sat in a desk. As the class filled and Billy came in, Jacob hoped no one would call attention to him. 

"Mr. Hayes," a student called out. "Who's this kid?"

Hayes, an older man who was chubby and balding, came into the classroom to investigate. 

"Who are you?" Hayes asked. Jacob felt totally exposed but since he would have to respond, he stood up. "Jacob," he said.

There were a few audible gasps in the room as students began recognizing him. Hayes squinted at him. 

"What happened?" Hayes asked. 

"Lard ass got liposuction," Billy cried out. The class laughed, but Jacob stood unmoved by it, as he usually would. Something snapped in him, though. Before there would have been shame turning him to stone, but now, anger rose in his chest. A feeling that never had been present before. "Yeah, from your mom's lips," Jacob said turning slowly and defiantly to Billy. He had said it when the laughter had begun dying down.

"What did you say, fat boy?" Billy screamed angrily. Jacob noticed Hayes had backed away a bit. 

"I said," Jacob issued his retaliatory statement once more. "Your mom sucked all the fat off me through my cock."

The class may have completely died down after Billy screamed, but now they were roaring in laughter. Billy wore an expression of astonishment. Jacob turned back when the bell sounded and sat back in the desk. With his beating heart, he took out his book, and Hayes had to wait until the class ceased in their laughter before the class could begin. 

History happened to be something Jacob did enjoy thoroughly. So much so, that he had already the textbook from front cover to back a few times this semester at school. These facts left Jacob quickly bored as the teacher droned on. Hayes maintained a monotone voice which made it difficult to stay awake for class, Jacob began drawing in a private notebook he had. Begrudgingly slow, the bell ending class finally rang and Jacob was out of the class quickly. 

He found himself in broad halls and moved through them trying to get away from the history class as fast as possible. He had forgotten about his frame briefly as his fear overran him. Bumping into people and getting angry comments, he moved through the halls clumsily towards a cafeteria. 

Inside the cafeteria, Jacob found a corner and practically hid from everyone. His social anxiety in dealing with people eventually overloaded and he left to find the library.

The library of the high school wasn't extremely big. It contained a main desk once one walked through the doors to it. Off of that, was only about thirty shelving units to support books. Not that it mattered, Jacob wouldn't be wandering through the aisles looking at the 

Instead, he planned on sitting at a desk and relaxing. As he walked the librarian nodded at him and he found out quickly he was almost alone in the place. Another student wandered through the aisles and Jacob saw no one else. Going to a secluded corner, he found an empty chair and sat down in it. 

The feeling of sinking into a cushioned chair without breaking it made him utterly relax. The library hadn't been an option to hide in previously with his frame. Now that weight wasn't an issue. He was content to relax through lunch before his next class. 

Jacob fell asleep in the chair. As fitful as sleep had been lately, he didn't find solace with his current nap. Everything in his dream happened to be black. Various shades of black swirled like oil, but nothing took shape. His mind drifted him out in this ocean of nothingness and it troubled him. 

Where was she? The alien goddess who had promised him untold pleasures and changes. Not in person or his dreams now and it made him feel truly alone. Abandoned even. Like his mother who passed or a father who ran. Mentors who never appeared. It felt as if he should have stayed fat. At least there had been food. Then he was back in the living room, looking at himself and Shana. 

Seeing both of them naked made him elated and excited at the same time. The genetic material was present, and the woman now stood ripe for assimilation. A drive of instinct pushed but a hesitation stood in the way. Her mate, its mate, wouldn't understand. 

Jacob didn't understand the dream. It didn't make sense to him as he watched. His mind clicked as the scene unfolded and he realized that right now, he was experiencing the other side of the action. 

He was the alien. Who hesitated on wondering if the human she had chosen as a mate would be able to handle what was about to happen. Her own basic drives though won out. A gamble for success over failure too much to pass up. 

The human woman had no idea what happened as the strike transpired. An event that needed to be quick in its execution. Any faltering could spell doom to the entire thing. As much as she wanted to keep her mate informed of the biological drives, she did not have the time to explain. With his fragile psyche, that which it was, she worried being absent from him so soon would damage him. Thankfully, she had been able to change is genetics a tad. It's how this woman had come to him. Special pheromones that enticed. 

She dragged herself and the woman quick upstairs. Already she knew the boy's room would be off limits. A pause at one door told her that the room was heavily used. It must belong to the patriarch of the place. Flicking her tongue to test the air, it was apparent to her this room's aura encompassed pain and suffering. Shanda struggled in her coils, reminding her of the lack of time. Whisking down the hall, she discovered a room that held no scents. Even though she scantily saw the furnishings, she did note that the room looked pleasant. With a finality of dismissal of it, she hauled herself up against a wall. 

Shanda had begun struggling in earnest. A fact attributed to the pliability of her tender flesh. That bothered her a bit as her body currently could sustain damage easily. 

"Relax," she said to the woman. When she spoke though it seemed to ignite a serious panic in the woman. She didn't know what to do, so she did the only thing she could think of. 

Through her slit, a tentacle snaked out and it felt to Jacob as if he was clenching his own cheeks. The sensation was weird and he felt like he sported an erection. Instead, with her body, he knew a tentacled appendage sprouted out before snaking around the girl. It honed in on his genetic material in her bowels and due to the looseness of her sphincter worked itself into the orifice with no resistance. Jacob felt like he was sliding his own cock back into the warm sheath of flesh. 

"Now relax," she said again and the tentacle surge in circumference. A reverberating moan sounded and the woman went limp in her coils. It surprised Jacob that Shanda did moan. "Ah yes, such a human with sensitivity. I am delighted to have selected you as my catalyst."

"Please," the girl begged. 

In an effort to gain more traction in assimilation, she had to persuade the woman to agree to offer herself to the pleasure. In payment, an earthly form more mutually suitable between Jacob and her would be gained. 

Jacob tired his best to interpret the dream. What he gathered is that somehow he was getting a play-by-play of the entire scenario. Though as of now, he wished he wasn't experiencing all of the pleasure that he was. Somehow he knew if he was awake, his cock would be straining in his pants and probably close to causing a mess. Hopefully, that didn't happen in his sleep either. 

"What is it that you want?" she asked Shanda.

"Don't stop," the woman pleaded. Suddenly she felt inquisitive about Shanda. 

"You want pleasure?"

"Definitely," she said with a throaty moan. "I can deliver that," she replied. "For a price."

"Whatever you want," Shanda replied with a groan ."Never let it stop."

"Why?" the alien asked. Jacob found himself bewildered too. Shana never asked what the price was. Even as the sacrifice moaned in enjoyment to the writhing 

"I'm so lonely," Shana said once the alien ceased anything to give pleasure. "Only pleasure makes that go away."

Jacob understood that mentality. Food used to be to him what sex was for her. A feeling to bury the hurt and pain. Jacob felt guilty that this woman was in the clutches of the monster snake that had her. 

"I will grant you infinite pleasure," she replied after a bit. Jacob didn't get any indication that the alien understood. There was a feeling of excitement though that he could.

The next physical feelings were perverse to Jacob in the way he couldn't describe. An uncomfortable pressure in his anus happened and he knew then more tentacles sprang forth from the sex of the creature. He felt more pressures of pleasure as the tentacles joined in penetrating different orifices now. Nothing was safe, from the mouth, anus, and pussy, to the fact that the tentacles penetrated the ears, eyes and even nipples. The latter being especially exquisite to him as they slid into the hard flesh. The alien woman also felt pleasure with the penetration, but Shanda was definitely getting the best bargain here. The lady was shaking uncontrollably and screaming in what seemed like ecstasy. The sex may have lasted for a bit, but then the real horror for Jacob began.
