 Part One, In Search

Samuel walked up the stairs and found himself in the corridor to the infamous room 318. Of all the hair-brained ideas that he had come up with, this one had to be the worst. He was too old to be taking risks like this. That sort of thing was for teenagers, not for men in their thirties. Yet here he was.

"All I have to do is walk into the room, get the figurine and walk out," Samuel whispered to himself as he worked up the courage to step forward. 

Of all places for him to be, the old Hatcher's apartment building was the last place he wanted to be. The apartment building so rundown and filled with so many rumors that not even the many squatters of the city dared enter the upper levels due to the stories of the ghost that calls this place home. 

Samuel, of course, didn't believe in something as ridiculous as ghosts, but with so many not daring to enter these upper levels, he knew there had to be something to it. Not ghosts, of course, but something that could prove to be dangerous to his health. 

What had happened to bring him to this in his life? He had once been a wealthy man. A top-dog in the industry. He grimaced as he thought of the beginning of his downfall that led him from a wealthy businessman to a homeless squatter, having to develop a mutually beneficial friendship with other homeless men just to take turns keeping watch while the others in the group slept. He had been made a scapegoat for some shady business practices that not only sent him to prison for five years but also blacklisted him from ever doing business in the only market he knew.

His eyes opened wide as he realized that he had been walking down the corridor while lost in his thoughts about the past. 

318.

He pressed his ear to the door and held his breath as he listened for any sounds of movement from within the room. After a long moment of hearing nothing, the nervous man wrapped his hand around the rusty door handle and twisted.

It was locked!

Justifying his cowardice with the excuse of not wanting to add breaking and entering to his already tarnished record, Samuel turned and began walking back down the hallway, picking up his speed as he went. 

Click.

He turned to look back at the noise that broke the silence and seen the same door that he had just been standing in front of was ajar. What should he do? It was locked just a moment before. Should he turn and go in? Should he just keep to the story that it had been locked and flee from this terrifying place?

With a deep breath, Samuel turned and gently stepped back toward the door. He slowed his pace, even more, when he got closer. He peeked through the crack of the door without touching it, hoping that he saw something and nothing at the same time.

With a long sigh, he pushed the door open and looked into the abandoned apartment building. 

The hardwood floor of the living room was scuffed and covered with dust while the, once white, walls were dingy. The sunlight from the filmy windows lit the room up just enough so that the shadows weren't as scary as he had assumed they would be. No sounds came from within the room and so, with another deep intake of breath, Samuel stepped inside.

All he had to do was find the figurine, which Lucas had promised was a collectible and worth a lot of money. Lucas claimed that the figurine was worth enough money that the four of them could sell it and have enough money to get them a place to live in with enough money left over for Samuel to start a business of his own and start making the kind of money from his past life. The thoughts of him regaining some stature in life was enough to encourage him enough for such a foolish adventure. 

He walked around the open bar that wrapped around the kitchen and eyed a small hallway with two doors on each side. 

"It's in the master bedroom," Lucas had promised.

"I hope you're right about this," Samuel whispered to himself as he walked down the small hallway and pushed the first door open. 

Though it was as black as night, Samuel could tell that the door led to a small bathroom and with a sniff, he disregarded the room and pushed the next door open. One by one, Samuel had pushed every door open, only to find one bathroom, an office, and a small bedroom. He pushed the last door open and found, through his eyes that had been adjusted to the dark, the master bedroom.

He stepped inside the room and felt around for the dresser, that supposedly would hold the figurine that he was looking for. His hands slid along the walls as he felt his knees push against the soft side of the bed. He placed his hands on the mattress and padded them down the length of the bed until he felt something soft and warm under his touch. He recoiled back in terror and turned to run out the door but watched as the door slammed shut in his face, leaving him in complete darkness.

"Don't be afraid," a woman's voice gently called to him from behind.

He quickly turned to face in her direction, though he couldn't see anything in the pitch blackness of the room.

"I promise you I won't hurt you," the voice assured him. From the sounds of the woman's voice, she hadn't moved from her position on the bed. "Please, just hear my words and then you can leave."

"Who are you," Samuel managed to ask in a rush. 

"My name is unimportant," the voice answered. "And yes, I am the ghost of 318."

"Impossible," Samuel whispered, more to himself than to the woman.

"Is that so," she chuckled. "Then I don't know what to call myself."

No sounds came from the other side of the room to signal that the ghost had moved but suddenly her voice was closer to him as if she were standing directly in front of him when she spoke again.

"Whatever you want to call what I am," she began, her sudden close proximity to him caused the man to jump. "I am here and I am real."

He could feel the ghost's body heat against his arms as she stepped closer. She stopped and he heard her sigh.

"I forgot," she said apologetically. "You can't see in the darkness. Let me help you out with that."

A soft glowing light grew from the center of the room and Samuel could see in the room for the first time. The woman stood in front of him and he took a shocking moment to study her appearance. 

She had long, thick, black hair that rested over her slender pale shoulders. Her face was angular, with large dark eyes and pouty lips. She was wearing a white nightgown that was low-cut enough to show the cleavage of her ample breasts. Though her frame was slender, she held an hourglass figure.

"There," she said to him once he had enough time to study her appearance. "Is that a bit better?"

"Yes," he stammered nervously. "I'm sorry for trespassing."

"I opened the door for you," the ghostly woman laughed. "I hardly call an open invitation trespassing."

"What are you going to do to me," Samuel asked, feeling the bedroom door against his back.

The spirit stared at him knowingly, a wry smile perking on her plump lips. She glided away from him and set back down on the bed before speaking.

"It's not what I'm going to do to you," she answered in a soft and teasing tone. "It's what I want you to do to me."

Samuel stared at the woman for a long moment in confusion and shock.

"I don't understand," he finally managed to say. "What do you want me to do?"

"I've been stuck in this apartment for many years," she explained, her smile still holding. "It gets quite lonely up here with nothing to do but look out the apartment window and wait."

"You want company," he asked, feeling his fear dissipate slightly.

"You're getting warm," she teased as she curled a finger to beckon him toward her. He slowly stepped across the room until he was standing close enough to touch the woman and looked down at her. She reached a hand to him and pressed it against his crotch before purring, "warmer."

"You want to have sex with me," Samuel asked incredulously. He tried to step back but the spirit gripped her hand over the front of the waist of his pants and held firm.

"Close," she said, looking up into his eyes. "I want YOU to have sex with ME."

She reached her free hand forward and Samuel watched in amazement as her hand went through the crotch of his pants as if they were not there. He felt her soft hand rub up and down his groin. His erection began to grow as the spirit continued her rubbing motions as her other hand held firm to the waist of his pants.

"You can have the figurine if you do this," she whispered up as she stared into his eyes. 

"How did you know," he asked, his penis fully erect at this point.

"Why else would you come up here," she asked with another chuckle. "With all the horror stories surrounding this floor and my room specifically. That figurine is the only thing that would encourage anyone to come up here. What do you say? Fuck me once and the figurine is all yours."

Samuel couldn't deny the win/win situation that was placed in front of him. Ghost or no ghost, this woman was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. The soft and warm touch of her hand on him had his cock aching for sex and it had been far too long for him anyway. He nodded, causing the spirit's smile to widen further as she released her hold on him. She laid back on the bed and waited for him.

He reached down, unbuttoned his pants and pulled them, along with his underwear, off. He kicked his clothing to the floor and crawled onto the bed. The spirit spread her legs as he scooted his knees up between them. He looked down at her before bending down and pressing his lips to hers. 

Her tongue pierced between his lips and he danced his tongue with her's as he felt her legs reach up and curl around his waist. The heat of her body rushed into his as he lied down on top of her. He could feel her soft breasts press against his chest as he felt the moister of her cunt touch the base of his cock as he applied pressure as her nightgown had bunched up around her waist.

The ghostly woman's hand wrapped around Samuel's dick as she adjusted it so that he could feel the tip slide against her wet and hot pussy. She moaned into his mouth as he pushed his hips forward enough to feel her surround half of his throbbing member. Her legs, which were still wrapped around his waist, pulled him into her the rest of the way. 

He could feel warm tingling surges of ecstasy flow into him as he began a slow motion of thrusting and pulling in and out of her. She pulled her head back from the kiss and rolled it to the side as she continued to increase the volume of her moans, giving him the opportunity to begin kissing up and down on her neck. 

He couldn't believe what was happening! He had come up here in terror with the hope of finding an expensive figurine and running back out and found himself here. Just a few moments earlier, he didn't believe in ghosts or anything magical like that and now he was having sex with one. 

The pace of his thrusts quickened as he bent his body enough to free one of the woman's breasts from her nightgown and began sucking on one her small and perky nipples. She slid one her hands over his head, gripping his hair, while her other hand scratched down his back. Her breathing became rapid as he felt her slit tighten around him as her legs squeezed as hard as they could squeeze, causing him to hold his throbbing cock deep inside of her.

Echoing screams bounced off of the bedroom walls and was so loud that they hurt his ears as her body jerked about in an extreme orgasm. He lied on top of her for a long moment until her legs released and fell to the sides of the bed in what had to be exhaustion. He looked up from her breasts to see her looking back down at him with an expression of absolute nirvana.

"Finish inside of me," she whispered to him.

Not asking any questions, Samuel started his thrusts up again and worked as hard and fast as he could. Her cunt had loosened back up around him, allowing him to slide in and out as fast as he dared. He pushed his upper body up by pressing his hands to either side of the ghost and stared into her dark eyes as he hammered away.

"Fill me," she begged as she laid motionless and stared into his eyes. "I want to feel your cum inside of me."

Feeling his rod shiver inside of her, Samuel knew that he would be fulfilling her wishes very soon. He slammed himself inside of her over and over again until he felt his balls tighten and soon after, blasted his cum inside of the ghosts cunt. 

The spirit's mouth opened and her eyes closed tightly as she laid under his weight and felt every last drop of cum leak into her. 

A long moment went by with Samuel staring down at the ghost as her eyes remained closed. Finally, she opened her eyes and looked into his. A smile spread across her face and she reached a hand up to gently stroke down the side of his face.

"Thank you," she whispered. 

"Thank you," Samuel corrected, as he rolled off of her and laid down next to her on the bed. "It's been a long time."

"Since you have had sex with a ghost," she teased, rolling onto her side to look at him.

"Since I've had sex at all," Samuel found himself laughing. "What now?"

As if on cue, the door to the bedroom creaked open.

"Now you can take that figurine and go," she explained as she glided her fingers down his chest. "I would love if you would return though."

"I would love that too," he agreed and to his surprise, he wasn't lying. 

"Good," she said before gliding to a standing position next to the bed. She looked down at him, who was just starting to set up on the bed and continued. "That figurine will bring you enough money to get yourself out of your current situation. Soon, you will be richer than ever before but don't forget me. I don't' have the luxury of being able to leave this apartment like you do and would like to do this again."

"I will return whenever you want me to," Samuel promised, and again, he was surprised to find that he really meant it. 

"I want you to return when you feel the urge to," the spirit explained. "Only when you feel the urge though."

Not really understanding, Samuel stood up and walked around the bed to stand face to face with the specter. She looked into his eyes and the two shared one last kiss. When he pulled back from the kiss, he was shocked to see that he was standing in the dark bedroom and she was nowhere to be seen. 

He quickly found the figurine and stepped out of the apartment. He looked back and felt no fear this time staring at the room 318. Laughing to himself, he looked at the figurine for the first time. It was a small white bust of a unicorn with some kind of black gems for eyes and the horn was a blue stone. He tucked the figurine under his shirt and descended the stairs.