 ***DISCLAIMER: Everyone in this story is over 18***

She didn't know if she would be able to accommodate him, but there he was, pressed against her. 

Emma looked up to see hard eyes looking down at her, intentionally unforgiving. There was no comfort here; this would not be soft. He parted her legs further, stretching them as he made his way into her. 

The head of his cock was soft, softer than she expected -- she found the feeling of him in her, her pussy wrapped around only just the tip of his head perfectly, oddly comfortable -- like he had been here before and so had she.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw something move in the shadows. Just a rustle. His cock thrust into her and she cried out, the pain was there, but it wasn't for a lack of wetness. He sat there in her, this stranger, rotating his hips softly. 

The look in his eye was softer now, but the hardness had not left them either. She felt him wanting to take her, heard him say in his mind "You are fucking mine. You are mine." She could feel his words, not hear them, as he held himself inside her -- filling her up completely -- every inch of her tight wet little pussy in full contact with his hardening cock.

He smiled, and spoke. 

"You little cunt. You love me already, don't you? You do what I tell you, when I tell you. You will love me. Every inch of you will crave me, every single day. You will wish for me when I'm not there. You will fuck me whenever I want. I won't ask. I'll tell you, and you'll listen. Without. Question. You'll want it more than I do. Nothing will compare. No one will fill you after me."

Her breath caught in her throat.

He was holding her in his big hands, holding her up off the ground by her back and bare ass. Without pulling his cock out of her, he looked to the woods and nodded.

...

"Don't look."

She didn't. 

She felt two hands on her hips, big -- but not as big as this stranger. Her master. They were scaled, rough. She closed her eyes, as this big man wrapped her arms behind her back, passing her arms off to this creature, who held them in place roughly with one hand. She felt two thick tongues gently kiss her neck, as surprisingly soft lips met the back of her neck with sweet kisses, accelerating into more pressure, more tongue, more wetness.

Her back arched as the tongues slithered together, in unison, down to her breast -- touching her neck, collarbone, chest, on their way to her soft pink nipples. There they wrapped around her breast, pulling it away from her chest roughly and massaging her with firm, continuous pressure -- increasing all the time.

Suddenly she felt the tongues make their way to her other breast, and then away from her chest -- down her back -- in one slow gentle path, leaving a trail of wetness behind. She felt both tips pressed at the entrance of her asshole, pressing themselves into her firmly and parting to create space in her asshole for his cock.

He forced himself into her, and her eyes ripped open -- revealing the man, if she could call him that, who was pressed inside her tightest hole.

From her peripheral vision she saw him -- this second beast -- with widened yellow and reddened eyes, thick tongue, scaled face meeting with soft peace lips, as his tongues alternated between slipping into her beside his cock and massaging her taint, the base of her strangers cock, and her clit, all at once.

Her stranger broke into an even softer look; all the muscles in his face melting into the look of a lover, in love, breath-taken and delighted, looking Emma right in the face. As the beast fucked her ass, her stranger started to fuck her - thrusting into her steadily, building his pace as the creature behind her ravaged her unapologetically and without restraint, his thick scaled hands wrapped even more tightly around her hips, pulling at her skin firmly, inviting himself into her more deeply. 

"Call me master."

"Yes master."

"Kiss me."

This stranger, her master, wrapped his hands around her ribcage -- grabbing tits and back all at once, pulling her closer to him, as he thrust into her faster and with even more force. Emma cried out, moaning into his mouth as he pressed his lips sweetly against hers -- again, all love. 

His tongue snaked down her throat, choking her, before he released her back into the hands of the creature behind her and pulled her chest to his lips to kiss and nibble her breasts gently. His hands groped for her chest as he fucked the living shit out of her, pressing hard into her tits, caressing them, pulling at them, squeezing them, releasing.

"I know how you like pain." He said.

"You like pain soft, don't you?"

"Yes master."

She was starting to lose herself, her sense of self, her mind becoming blank and open -- a canvass for him to paint on, and she was willing to be painted.

"Yeah? You don't get soft here. Only when I want to give it to you."

"I know how you like to fuck. You want to feel loved, don't you." She almost cried, tears choked up in the corner of her eyes. "You want to be hurt, too, huh?"

"You want to know who owns you. I own you. And you want to know you have a good master, don't you pet? You have a good master, the best master, don't you?"

"Yes master."

"Are you my slave?"

"I'm your little slave."

"Are you hot for me?"

"So hot for you, master, please."

"Please what Emma?"

"Please don't stop fucking me. Don't stop fucking me. I don't want anyone but you, I don't want anyone but you master."

"No one but me, Emma?"

"No one but you master."

"What about the hard cock in your asshole?" Emma moaned, her whole body full of sensation from the tip of her toes all the way through to her scalp, so abused and so, so hot.

"Answer me. What the fuck did I ask you?" Her master reached down and grabbed her throat roughly from behind her head, thumb pressed at her throat, hair caught in between his hand and her neck.

"What about the hard cock in my asshole, master, you asked me about the hard cock in my asshole."

"Yeah. Do you like it in your asshole?"

"Yeah." She moaned, voice coming out pornstar, whining with pain and pleasure and raw intensity.

"You like that hard cock in your asshole?"

They both started fucking her harder now, so deep in her tight little pussy, one entering her as the other pulled out -- she moaned loud as they pulled and pushed her between their cocks, both men grunting hard as they felt her grip on them tighten, release, tighten -- and release -- even full of two men, they could feel her starting to contract, starting to lose control -- starting to cum.

"I'm going to cum, master. I'm gonna... Oh fuck. Master. Please. Please."

"Yeah?" He grunted harder. "Am I gonna make you cum sweetheart?"

"Yeah, oh fuck, you're gonna make me cum. You're gonna make me cum."

He pressed his lips into hard as orgasm tore through all three of them, Emma and her master kissing like there was no tomorrow, tongues tearing at each other as she convulsed and throbbed around their cocks as they held themselves tight, tight inside of her, cocks throbbing right there with her, twitching just a little as they felt her walls contract around them, pulsing with sensation -- her holes full of them and their cum, they sat there for a moment, both man and beast kissing Emma -- her shoulders, tits, hands, back -- biting at her firmly then releasing back into sweetness.

The monster behind her put her back on the ground, stepping away backward, pulling up his pants and zipping them as her master did the same.

"It was good to see you, Emma. Happy Halloween." 

Her master looked at her, eyes soft, lips in a sweet smile -- and sad, also.

"I had fun."

Again, she felt rather than heard -- "Keep that sweet little pussy tight for me, Emma. See you next year."

Man and beast turned to walk away, disappearing as they faded towards the forest.

She stood there for a half a second before sitting, and then lying on the ground -- looking up at the sky, rich in stars, trying to adjust to reality where what she had just experienced was a part of her history, her story.