 The very next morning Kate found herself lying in bed almost as if nothing had happened. She slowly rose up and had an excruciating headache.

"Oh fuck", she muttered under her breath as she held her head. She glanced down at the floor and saw no sign of her clothes.

"I must've drank myself to sleep last night; that would explain this headache and that fucked up dream." Kate got out of bed and walked toward her closet. "I mean, it was a dream right?" She asked herself as she slowly opened the closet door. She then saw all her clothes neatly hanging in her closet. She poked at a pair of jeans, and then tugged on a shirt hanging in the closet.

"Ok this is fucking ridiculous Kate pull yourself together; it was only a dream", she said as she finally put on her pink robe. Still shaken up, she peaked around the corner to the kitchen, making sure no hostile clothing were waiting for her. When she was sure it was safe, she sighed and made her way to the kitchen table.

She grabbed an apple off the table and began to eat it when she noticed a folded letter by her fruit basket.

Chills went down her spine as she picked it up. "Who the hell has been in my house?", Kate thought as she opened it. She began reading the letter:

I have your spell book, meet me in the lobby by the desk around noon.

- Caleb

P.S. Your welcome

Kate began to feel faint as she realized that the event from the previous night was no dream. She looked at the clock and it was fifteen minutes to noon.

"I guess this creeper who wrote the letter somehow reversed the spell, but if that's the case how did he know what was going on, and why was she naked when she woke this morning?", Kate thought.

Kate was reluctant to meet Caleb, but needed some answers. Besides, it's not like he picked some dark alley to meet in. She went back to her room to throw some clothes on when it dawned on her that her room was unusually clean. Then she remembered that the last place she remembered being the night before was the floor. Which means that Caleb must have carried her naked to her bed. Which also begs to question, why was she naked in the first place? The clothes were raping her so she would have been wearing them.

"I don't care if this guy did reverse the spell, that doesn't give him the right to take advantage of me!", Kate exclaimed as she went through her closet. She opened up her underwear drawer and noticed that her black silk panties were missing. There was nothing in her dirty clothes hamper and the floors were spotless. "That perv has my panties", Kate thought as she finished getting dressed.

Kate left her apartment and headed down to the lobby. As she entered the lobby she noticed a short skinny guy, probably about five feet tall and spiked black hair sitting by the front desk. He had a small tattoo of a cobra on his forehead and was wearing a long black coat, which was odd considering the hot weather. When he saw Kate, he got up to meet her.

"Are you Caleb?", Kate asked him in a slightly accusing tone.

"Yes, now move outside we have matters to discuss", Caleb said sternly as he guided her outside.

When they got outside, Kate pushed away Caleb's hand and glared at him.

"First of all, what the fuck were you doing in my apartment last night and why was I naked when I awoke?!" Kate yelled.

"I suggest you shut the insolent mouth of yours before you cause a scene, especially considering I saved your sorry ass. As for what I was doing in your apartment I sensed the presence of rogue magic and went to investigate. May I suggest the next time you need to get yourself off you just use your hand?", Caleb said slightly smirking.

"You have some nerve, and what do you mean by rogue magic? And you still haven't explained why I was naked when I woke up."

"Rogue magic is magic that has turned on its wielder most likely because of the wielder's inexperience which I would say in your case is obvious. As far as why you were naked this morning, when I entered your apartment your enchanted clothing stripped themselves off in an attempt to escape, and then I simply reversed the spell", Caleb said as he reached into his coat and grabbed the black spell book.

"So, if you reversed the spell after they stripped off of me, then why weren't they lying on my floor this morning?", Kate asked with a puzzled look.

"Okay, so I'm a bit of a neat freak. I put the your clothes back in your closet and carried you to your bed. I did you a favor, you're welcome. I probably shouldn't give this back to you because you'll just get yourself into more trouble." Caleb handed Kate the spell book and started to walk off.

"Excuse me?", Kate said raising her voice again.

"What now?", Caleb said with a sigh.

"My black panties; they're not in my room", Kate said accusing Caleb again.

"Do I look like I wear panties dumbass?", Caleb rolled his eyes.

"I didn't say you did, but I was wearing them last night and now they're missing. If everything happened the way you said it did, the panties should have fell with the rest of the clothes."

"Come to think of it, your window was slightly ajar. Your panties may have escaped before I finished reversing the spell. Oh well, not my problem", Caleb said as he started to leave again.

A feeling of dread came over Kate as she looked back at her room knowing her panties could be up there enchanting other objects to rape her. 

"Aren't you going to help me?", Kate asked with a fearful tone.

"You have the spell book now, help yourself. I'm through babysitting, and I suggest you start memorizing some of those spells in case you lose that book again. I won't be there the next time you fuck up." As Caleb said that he seemingly vanished into thin air.

"What the ...", Kate barely muttered and then firmly gripped the spell book before walking back into the lobby.

------------

Kate's panties had fled far from the apartment and had managed to escape across town unseen. Because of the nature of the enchanting spell, the panties fed off of female sexual energy. The more energy the panties had, the more objects they could bring to life. They had enough energy reserved from their earlier encounter with Kate to bring about five articles of clothing to life (or other objects depending on the size), then each article of clothing could bring other articles to life. Eventually the panties could create a small army to force Kate to chant the spell that makes the enchantment irreversible.

As the panties floated around town, they looked through windows of houses to find a girl with roughly around the same waist size as Kate. 

After about three houses they came across a bedroom with a 5 foot seven, eighteen year old blonde with D size breast, sleeping in her bed. The panties flew into the open window and landed onto the bed.

The girl was wearing a pair of pink panties, some white socks, and a white tee-shirt. Kate's panties used some of the reserved magic to slide the girl's pink panties off. After the pink panties left the girl's feet, she started squirming and stretching in bed. She opened her eyes and saw the black silk panties filled out floating at her feet. She gasped and kicked herself to the back of the bed.

"What the hell?", She said under her breath. Then she felt her socks twitch around her feet and then it was like a pair of hands held her feet still. Kate's panties started to slide up the girl's legs when she started to scream, but she barely let out a yelp before her pink panties forced themselves into her mouth. Then to the girl's horror, she saw that the shirt she was wearing had somehow molded the material to form perfect cups around her large breast. The shirt then started to squeeze and massage her breast.

Even though the girl was scared out of her mind, she was quickly getting aroused and the panties sensed it. They quickly slid up the rest of the way and felt a jolt of magical energy when the girl's love juices started to soak their crotch. The panties then decided to try something knew as they focused some magic into her wetness. The silk material molded the crotch area into a pair of lips and started making out with the girl's snatch while the moisture inside her pussy formed a water based tongue and started flicking her clit. At this point, the girl had decided that this was an extremely vivid and wonderful dream and all fear left her. Her hips started gyrating as the panties magically licked out her pussy.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum", the girl thought as she arched her back. Her shirt was sweat soaked at this point and as the shirt manipulated her breast she noticed that the it had molded mouths at each nipple. Then her sweat had magically traveled down to her nipples and formed little tongues to lick at her nipples while the mouths sucked and manipulated them.

All these sensations were too much for the girl and she came hard with a muffled scream. She squirted into the panties giving them enough moisture to increase the size of the tongue licking her out. The tongue found her g-spot and flicked it violently while the silky lips kissed at her clit. The pink panties in her mouth crept out and covered her head leaving the crotch area in front of her mouth while forming a mouth out of the crotch.

"OH FU...", is all she could manage to say before her pink panties started making out with her. The sweat trickling down her stomach turned into little water based tongues licking her all over. The girl couldn't take anymore and came even harder, nearly falling off the bed. Her bed sheet then caught her and cocooned her while floating in mid-air as Kate's panties tongue fucked her harder. Her pussy was now super sensitive, causing her to squirm violently inside the bed sheet that imprisoned her, but the tongue fucking wouldn't relent. The girl wanted to scream but could barely muffle a sound through her pink panties that were force kissing her. 

The shirt massaged her breast harder and then she felt the tip of a moisture based cock at her ass. Her eyes widened as it forced itself inside and pumped her virgin ass.

All these sensations were more than the poor girl could bare and she came for the last time before she passed out, out of sheer exhaustion. The bed sheet rolled her out onto the floor and all the clothes that were fucking her stripped themselves off. Kate's panties used the energy gained from this encounter to bring the rest of the girl's clothes to life. Numerous pairs of panties and socks leapt out of her dresser and floated toward the closet. The closet door then opened and pairs of pants, skirts, shoes, etc. walked themselves out and then all forms of clothing left the room leaving her completely naked with nothing to wear.

..... to be continued