 A special thanks to Vestiphile for assistance in editing this story.

*****

Kate was back in her apartment, unaware that her panties were out in the city. They were enchanting other clothes to ravish young girls like herself. She looked all over her apartment for hours and had given up.

"I bet that pervert Caleb just told me he didn`t have my panties to scare me," Kate thought. "He probably has them and is laughing at me right now." She sighed and laid down on her couch. It had been two hours and her apartment wasn`t even that big. If the panties were there, she would have found them.

Knock Knock Knock

"Who is it?!" Kate yelled. Kate slowly got up and made her way to the door. She looked through the peephole and saw Caleb standing there with a punk smirk on his face. "Fuck off!" Kate yelled as she walked back toward her couch. Caleb appeared right in front of her out of thin air. "Wha-" Kate barely muttered before Caleb put his hand over her mouth.

"You really are an ungrateful bitch aren`t you?" Caleb asked with a cold stare. "I`m beginning to wander why I saved your sorry ass."

"How did you..."

"I`m an experienced warlock; that`s all you need to know right now."

Kate stared blankly at Caleb. "What do you want with me?" She whimpered.

"You know, I get assigned to clean up the mess of beginner witches like you all the time, but I must say-your fuck up takes the cake."

"You've already made it clear that I messed up," Kate said in a fearful tone. "Why won`t you leave me alone?"

"Because, of all the spells gone wrong-this one amuses me the most," Caleb grinned. "The amount of rogue magic in the air has more than doubled since I saved you. Your panties have been busy."

"What do you mean? I can`t find them anywhere. If they had enchanted any other objects in here wouldn`t they have attacked by now?" Kate asked, wide-eyed.

"You fool, your panties aren`t here. They've escaped into the city-spreading your spell like a virus and becoming more powerful. You`d better hurry and find them before the spell is irreversible," Caleb said tauntingly as he vanished.

"That son of a bitch is enjoying this!" Kate said to herself as she grabbed her spell book. She stared outside her window into the city and got a feeling of dread as she thought about the fact that her panties could be anywhere, enchanting anything. She took a deep breath and started looking in her book to find the reversal spell.

------

After the encounter with the blonde, the enchanted clothes had scattered throughout the city looking for other clothes to enchant, but Kate`s panties had decided to try something else. The amount of energy they had gained at this point was probably ten times what they had when they left Kate`s apartment. The panties floated around town until they came across a sex toy shop. The clerk had just flipped the sign around to "closed" and locked the door. As soon as the clerk turned her back, the panties slipped through the mail slot in the door. The clerk looked back when she heard the little mail slot door clang. As the clerk looked behind her, the panties hid behind the shelf.

Kate`s panties examined the clerk and decided that she was a perfect victim. She looked like a slutty 24 year old punk rocker with short black hair and red highlights. She stood about 5' 8" and had pale, ghost like skin. The lingerie top she was wearing could barely hold her perfectly round D cup breasts, and she wore a halfway buttoned black leather jacket on top of that. She wore tight black leather pants, barely below the waistline of her perfectly toned abs. On her feet, she wore black stilettos.

After Kate`s panties were done examining the clerk, they released an invisible energy wave that filled the store nearly exhausting all of the panties magic. They floated back outside through a cracked window. The clerk had just finished closing the register and gasped when she felt a finger slide across her clit. She looked down in a panic and saw nothing.

"It`s just my imagination," she thought. All of a sudden a female voice sounded over the intercom.

"Molly, please come to the back."

"What the hell?" Molly muttered. "I thought I was the only one here."

Molly slowly walked toward the back of the store and stopped dead in her tracks when she felt her breast seemingly being kneaded by her bra. She looked down, and to her horror, her bra was moving on its own, massaging her breasts. In a panic, she tried to take the bra off, but then her arms were pinned to her sides by her leather jacket. She let out a high pitch shriek until a ball gag flew off a peg hook and forced itself around her, muffling her screams. Her stilettos unbuckled themselves and slipped off her feet, almost flipping her onto the floor. A red, heart-shaped pillow was there to catch her.

"You should really try to relax-we don`t intend to hurt you," said the voice on the intercom. "If you calm down, you might actually enjoy this."

Molly`s leather pants shimmied themselves down her legs, followed slowly by her thong-leaving her neatly trimmed pussy exposed. She laid there in stunned silence as she heard a buzzing sound click on from a package on the shelf. She looked up and saw a plastic package burst open on its own. An egg vibrator floated down and positioned itself barely above her clit, making enough contact to tease her. The bra continued to caress her breasts. Molly took in deep breaths as she became aroused. Her leather jacket buttoned itself up, and she began to feel hands gently message her stomach.

Molly moaned and began to buck toward the small vibrator, but it continued to tease her opening. Her pussy began to glisten with anticipation, and the look on Molly`s face went from panic to pouty as she tried desperately to arch toward the vibrator. She didn`t know what was going on, but she was getting more and more aroused by the second and needed that vibrator inside her.

"Well now, it didn`t take you long to start begging, now did it?" The intercom voice said, giggling. "You poor thing-would you like to cum?" The voice said teasingly. Molly gently nodded her head. "Alright then, everyone-time to get serious!"

The vibrator then made direct contact with Molly`s clit as she began to buck wildly at the sensations. But the magical force wouldn`t stop at that. Molly looked down just in time to see a strap-on dildo flip itself inside out and slide up her legs with the dildo facing inward. The dildo began to fuck her violently while the vibrator kept massaging her clit.

A muffled scream of both pleasure and pain came from Molly as her pussy was double-teamed by the two sex toys. Her body began to shake as she reached climax.

"Ooh la la, you look like you`re enjoying yourself down there", the voice said in a giggle.

Molly`s hips began to gyrate as she came violently-then she laid limp on the floor. The toys stopped fucking her and slid off of her, along with the ball gag. The leather jacket and bra stopped messaging her, and Molly noticed that she could move on her own again. She slowly sat up. Everything was quiet. She saw her pants lying on the floor next to the door, deciding to put them on and leave before any more of this ghostly activity could start up again. She bent down to grab her pants, and they slid away from her hand.

"Hey!" Molly yelled.

The pants began to fill themselves out as if they were being worn, and then Molly felt her bra unclasp from her back. The bra fell out of her jacket and then floated above the pants, re-clasping itself. Her leather jacket unbuttoned itself, and Molly nearly fell down as it forced itself off of her. The jacket re-buttoned itself around the bra.

"What the fuck is going on?! Who`s doing this?!" Molly yelled.

She heard the pitter-patter of her stilettos as they walked themselves toward the outfit. The outfit walked over and floated on top of them as they buckled themselves around invisible feet. The outfit walked out the door into the city, and the door re-locked itself behind it.

"Hey, where are you going? You can`t leave me like this!" Molly yelled.

"Actually...they can. They don`t need you anymore; they have a life of their own," the intercom voice said in a sinister tone.

"What do you mean, a life of their own? They`re just clothes! Give them back!"

"Typical of you humans, thinking you can "own" us. I think it`s about time we taught you some respect!" The voice said sternly. With that, a pair of handcuffs flew off the shelf and bound Molly`s hands behind her. A pair of mesh stockings ripped themselves out of their wrapping, forcing themselves onto her feet and making her walk to the stock room.

"Stop it! Let me go!" She yelled.

After the stockings forced her to walk to the back, Molly saw a large box. The box busted open, and a Sybian on casters rolled itself out.

"Holy hell, you`re kidding right?! Of all times, why did someone have to special order this thing?" Molly uttered nervously.

The stockings continued to climb her on top of the Sybian. Molly attempted to squirm away from the mechanical dildo, but the Sybian bucked her and forced her back to the center. With the stockings holding her feet and the cuffs holding her arms, there wasn`t a lot she could do, but she was determined to fight.

"I don`t know who or what`s doing this, but when this is over, I swear you`re dead, you fucking pervert!" Molly exclaimed.

"You`re not exactly in a position to be making threats, bitch!" Exclaimed the intercom voice.

The Sybian bucked Molly again, and the dildo forced itself into her pussy.

"No, stop it!", Molly cried. The Sybian rolled her to the wall, where it plugged itself in. Molly watched in horror as she saw the remote flip itself on. She gasped as the dildo started spinning and vibrating inside her. "Ohhhhh fuuuuuuck!" She screamed, the machine working her. After a couple of minutes, the Sybian had already pushed her over the edge. She bucked and screamed violently as she came hard.

With her pussy swollen and super sensitive, she tried to buck herself off; it was simply too much for her to handle. Suddenly, adrenaline rushed through her in her moment of desperation and the stockings were beginning to have a hard time holding her down. She had almost bucked herself off, but before she succeeded, a pair of leather gloves came to the stockings' aid.

"No, please-I can`t take anymore!" Molly cried. The gloves didn`t relent. They grabbed onto her hips and forced her back down onto the Sybian. She glanced over at the remote on the floor and was horrified when she saw that the machine was only working at 30% power. That didn`t last long; the dial gradually increased the intensity all on its own. The vibrations increased. Molly`s cries turned into high-pitched screams. When the next orgasm hit her, it was the most intense and most painful orgasm she had ever had.

She fought and fought, trying desperately to get off and eventually becoming too exhausted to move. As Molly passed out, the Sybian shut off and dropped her into the floor.

---

Four hours later, Molly woke up in the middle of the stock room. She looked down at her legs, and the stockings were nowhere to be found. The Sybian was sitting dormant on the other side of the room.

"Is it over?" She asked aloud.

She slowly got up and barely walked out of the room. Her nether regions were so sore from the Sybian she had a hard time walking straight, but after a few minutes she finally made it to the front door when the lock latched itself and wouldn`t budge. Molly`s heart sank when she heard the loud sound of rustling packages all over the store. She slowly turned around and found herself surrounded by every sex toy and piece of lingerie the store had, and she heard that sinister female voice over the intercom yet again.

"Sorry Molly, but we can`t let you leave. At least not until everyone gets a turn..."