 "I'm very blessed", Rebecca, a high school senior, or was high school senior, remarked as she walked the hallways of the dark abandoned high school. The school air was cool compared to the heat that radiated from the sun outside, and she could feel her warm bare feet almost peel off of the almost ice- cold tiled floor. "I may be the last person in this city, or even the world, but at least I'm still alive". She slowly said those words in such a manner that she was having to reassure herself that it was going to be okay. 

Rebecca had been wandering around the high school for about two months now and hasn't seen any sign of the wandering monsters since she entered the building right after the initial outbreak. She walked down the hallway, her black tank top and black sweat pants, a cheerleaders uniform, blended her into the darkness, and even though she hadn't seen any sign of the dead people, she still took precautions. She may be a natural blonde, though her hair is died dirty blonde now, but she wasn't stupid. No, she was anything but stupid, and she knew it! She had managed to get the keys to all of the lockers from the front office and she scavenged through the entire school finding clothes to wear, flashlights, food, to finding pot and nudie magazines, which in her lonely state, she reviewed quite often. She had enough to get by for now but supplies was starting to drain. 

Fairhope High School was a rather large school made up of three stories to complement its large student body and she now had it all to herself. It was like a ghost story, her walking around with all of the lights off. The silence of the place screamed in the atmosphere and she did her best to ignore it, but the silence was deafening to her. There are backup generators in the basement of the school and they are running now, but Rebecca decided that hot showers was more important than lights; she'd rather use candles, flashlights, and propane grills and lanterns rather than the fluorescents above. She ultimately felt blessed to still be alive after all that had happened, and her plans didn't involve giving up or dying. She was able to overcome the first week of the outbreak outside, she knew that she could survive in the school until the military arrived like she had heard over the emergency radio that she turns on and listens to for three hours everyday, but the radio has been silent now for over a week. It's just static. She was determined to overcome her fear and emotions. 

Rebecca made her way back to the office and opened the door to the old principal's office, Principal Goodwin, she had made it her room. She walked in and began to strip herself of her clothes. She pulled her tank top up and over her head as the tight fabric held onto her C- cupped tits, and at their release, they fell back into place, bouncing across her chest. Her thumbs found her waistline and they pushed her sweatpants down over her fit ass and she let them fall as she pushed her knees together, then stepped out of them one foot at a time. "Oh, what I would do for some coffee right now. Fuck." her frustration was a constant badger on her psychy and she was addicted to coffee. She flopped down on her back on the bed with her hands behind her head and her right new lifted. Her tits fell to the side of her body and she kind of swayed her knee back and forth and she could feel her skin grab hold of her other thigh and then release it, almost regrettably after contact. 

Rebecca watched the sun's rays trickle in through the thick glass of the main hall and sat silently as the dust flew about, dancing above her head. She reached her hand up and began to move her palm over her nipple, barely touching it and it erected quickly to her touch. Behind her bed, the one that she pulled over from the nurses office, was a milk crate with her stuff in it, she pulled it to her and grabbed a bottle of lotion. Squeezing just a little onto her nipple, she massaged it in and it began to feel sensitive to the touch of her palm and finger tips. She takes her left hand and gently drags her fingertip alone the ridge of her chest and down her stomach until it meets with her clit, so she takes her middle finger and massages it gently as she does her nipple. She takes a bit more lotion and runs it down her torso from her neck to her clit and rubs it in over her tits, under her tits, around her stomach and sides, and her inner thighs, pussy, and asshole and begins to play with herself intimately. She wasn't use to having no one to do it for her, though she has always enjoyed doing it to herself. 

She used her fingers to pull apart her pussy lips, then stuck a finger into her pussy and began to stoke the inside of her, moving her soft finger alone the walls of her vagina, manipulating her orgasm to fit her needs. Her body began to tighten as she spread more lotion with her left hand, still concentrating with her right hand inside of her, and ran her left hand down to her asshole, moving her entire palm over it and around her cheeks, then coming back through dragging her middle finger along her asshole, then she started to massage it. Without thinking, she slips her finger into her asshole and lets outs out a soft moan as she slowly slides it in and out of her lotioned ass. The ass- fingering causes an almost instantaneous orgasm and she takes her fingers and presses them harder against her clit and massages faster until she reaches her climax. Her feet extend out, her toes reach towards sun as she lets out a soft shriek of pleasure, followed by mild involuntary twitches as every movement she makes causes her clit to erupt with ecstasy. 

Rebecca lays there awhile, absentmindedly playing with her pussy and asshole, just massaging back and forth, thinking about what she's supposed to do today. When she's decided she stands up and pulls together an outfit consisting of a white t- shirt, a black track jacket that complimented her body's shape, a tight pair of dark blue jeans, and some running shoes. She grabs her black back pack and makes her way to the second floor to the room just above the main office and raises the window that leads to the breeze outside, and once outside she checks the area from the second story. Nothing. She drops the rope down to the ground, makes the climb, and sets off towards the outer part of the city of Fairhope. "Today's going to be the day," she says with an a half beaten smile as she walks across the parking lot. "It has to be".