 Chapter 2: Her name is Veronica

Last night ended in a blur, I don't know when I passed out or for how long but when I awoke I found myself in the same bed I was last night, but the light shining through the curtains told me it was close to midday. What happened last night can't have happened, this was a dream, all a horrible, horrible dream, I closed my eyes hoping it would eventually go ahead only to be met by an unpleasant sound.

"Wakey wakey sleepyhead, you need to get up now."

Veronica, the redhead from last night, the vampire who in all likelihood had herself a foot fetish and didn't seem to have any qualms about where she put her mouth. She walked around room, opening the curtains and basking in the sunlight, even gussying up her hair in a nearby mirror. It's almost as if she was mocking me somehow, shattering all my preconceptions about Vampires, like she's saying she doesn't have weaknesses.

But she does, they all do, everything has some kind of weakness or blind spots, even predators like her, it's a matter of finding them.

My thoughts distracted me from the current issue though, Veronica sat herself on my bed just next to me, giving me a condescendingly wry look like she was talking to a small child.

"Come on sweetheart, you must be awful sticky after all the fun last night, let auntie Veronica fill you up a bath and make you feel all better."

She took me by the hand and gently guided me from my room outside to the main part of the second floor, I could see the spiral staircase again at the centre of floor as it reached still yet into the top of the building, what I assumed to be some kind of attic. Veronica guided me through to the bathroom, an expectedly expensive looking place, where the faucet, knob and handle was made of solid gold and bedecked with gems of every variety.

Veronica turned on the water for the bath tub and allowed it to fill, she sat me down on the rim and gently took hold of the side of my head, and smiled at me. Even though I knew she saw me as livestock I couldn't helped but really admire how beautiful she was: her warm rust coloured hair, her skin which had no sign of a wrinkle, her apple green eyes ... wait a minute weren't her eyes hazelnut colour last night?

"You like them? They're not contacts either, one of the wonderful things about being a vampire is that it saves you a lot of money on cosmetics." Veronica said as she shook her head, allowing her rust coloured hair to change to a banana coloured blonde.

Vampires can change their form in most stories, transform into animals or mist and who knows what else, changing their facial features must be something very easy to her. As the water in the bath filled to the rim she gently guided me, soon followed by her discarding her green dress and joining me. The tub itself was large and round, definitely meant for two or more people, considering how close they seem I'm sure Veronica's family bathes together as a habit.

She picked up an extra dry, extra bristly loofa, she smiled as she grasped one of my ankles and brought my foot closer to the cleaning implement. "Let's get you cleaned up, I doubt saliva is a good substitute for good old fashioned soap." She said a little too happy with a girlish grin.

And while I'm sure she was doing her best make the process tickle as much as possible, but one nice thing about this was that I got a better look at her body. Veronica's body was quite beautiful: nice lightly tanned skin, nicely formed breasts, and just something about her smile, mischievous like that silly sister who loves to have fun and be silly and just aged into an aunt but never grew out of it.

"Sweetheart you need to take care of yourself better, I mean your skin is naturally soft and that's always good, but you could stand a trip to the parlour once in a while, a pedicure never hurts."

"I've never really considered that stuff to be important, I thought keeping my hair and teeth in good order and shaving body my body hair was enough."

"Oh sweetie, you're a naturally pretty girl, but the fact is when the time comes things like intimacy softer skin means both parties enjoy it more."

"Well I don't think I'll have an opportunity for that now, it's like I can go outside anymore."

"Well no, but I could give you a pedicure, I've done it before in a real spa and everything."

"Were you a pedicurist before you became a vampire?"

"Oh sweetie no, I was just taking a part time job in a little salon on the east side, just like Farah we each do a little stalking to find an adequate girl. It was a fun for a while, giving the clients a tickle here and there, having a chance to get to know people outside the family."

"You said you were there stalking someone, another girl like me?"

"Oh no sweetie, nothing like you, you're a good girl, the girl I lured in was a little rich bitch."

"What happened to her exactly?"

"Well it was easy enough to lure her out, typical little bi-curious bitch looking for a quick lay, she never worked up the courage to ask anyone she knew personally out; so after the third session of taking her crap and pretending to be nice to her, I asked her over for a swing party."

"If you hated this girl so much, why did you pick her out?"

"Not my choice, everyone chooses democratically, we don't get girls like you often you know, stuff like this is only every once in a while; nice food and pleasure in the family is all well and good, but variety is the spice of life."

So they don't need me for food or anything like that, they just need entertainment because they're bored?! How many lives have these women ruined, how many girls have they kidnapped and degraded just like me? And what exactly do they do with them after they get bored?

"So anyway I brought this little brat over here and when she gets here she's instantly asking for it, I mean she goes around criticizing everything from the wine to the paintings; do you know how much it cost us to buy this place?"

How do they afford this place?

"The little shit carried herself so hoity toity that none of us take her attitude, normally we talk our cows into playing our games or we drug them like we did to you, this one stripped her and tied her up after only five minutes of listening to her."

As she spoke her hands upped the tempo of scrubbing my legs, to the point in where it started to hurt a little bit.

"So brought her down to the dungeon we have in the basement, tied her wrists together and hooked them up them to a hook in the ceiling, she wiggled and screamed and tried to kick and bite us all the time; we thought it was cute considering that her feet weren't even touching the ground."

"What did you do then?"

"We decided that kind of behaviour had to be punished, we already had to stomach little cunts like her when we were all mortal and it was incredibly cathartic to be able to take out some frustrations on this little bitch."

Dropping the loofa and forgetting entirely about cleaning my skin, she straddled my waist and brought herself down to my level, embracing me in her arms and balancing herself on my breasts.

"We started with a bit of liquor, we figured if she hated our win so much she needed to acquire the taste, so we started with a bottle of red and we just forced the whole thing down her throat; she was so tipsy afterwards it was really funny like she was seriously about to piss herself or something, we all thought that was so funny we thought we'd make her do it."

"Do what?"

"Piss herself, we all ganged up on her and tickled her, picking any spot we could fin; it was so much fun I remember me and Devana using our nails and teeth and her soft little feet, Farah and Vanessa tickled her upper body biting really hard into her nipples, and Regina was having a real ball fingering her up her butt."

She sounded like she was having real fun recounting this, I gotta admit I'm actually a little jealous of this other girl, I mean I know they're vampires and they're holding me captive but going through that is the kind of fantasy I've had since I was a teenager, just thinking of all those beautiful women touching me like that. What the fuck am I saying, what they did to that girl was awful, even if sounds like the greatest thing ever!

"And when she pissed herself it was all over, she was practically covered in her own urine, we all had a big laugh at her, and she was just crying and crying and mumbling something about 'not wanting to be here'. We all thought it was so much fun we hosed her down and started all over again, the other girls complimented me on the quality of the pedicures I gave her, said it made her extra soft and ticklish. We all laid our hands on every part of her: her breasts, her thighs, her ribs, even teased her clit a little; by the time we were done we went through five, maybe six bottles of cheap booze."

Oh god I'm sure turned on right now, I know this is probably something so suicidally stupid to think but if before I have to get away from this place I hope I can at least experience that first hand.

Veronica started laughing, those were definitely some good memories for her, she shifted her body to lie next to me but still kept her arm around my neck so she could keep my head on her breasts. I liked this, she was so warm, I guess another vampire myth that has disproven, being like this felt so nice like being a baby in a mother's embrace again.

"And then after that the girl was almost catatonic with shame, we all had a good time but Devana said she hadn't learnt her lesson yet; so she cut her down and tied to the rack. And then she uses her fangs to leave little puncture wounds all over body, just deep enough to let some blood out. She invited the rest of us to feed on the girl, like back in the old days, now none of us are that opposed to a little bit of blood now and then, but draining someone whole was something that went against the rules of this house, and Regina wasn't pleased in the slightest."

As I heard these words I was again remained that the woman in this story also cut open my foot and drank my blood, it was then that the true nature of the woman currently cuddling me flooded back to me.

"Don't worry sweetheart, we'd never do anything like that to you, we're not bloodsuckers anymore, we wouldn't even hurt a fly unless we needed to, Regina taught us all how to be better people."

There's that name again, Regina wasn't just their leader she was also someone hugely important to these women, someone responsible for their way of life, someone responsible for them using sex instead of blood to live. It isn't something that radically changed them that much if they can still feed off blood and they still have fangs, living the way they do is a choice and one that Regina taught to them and helps them maintain. They look to her for guidance and authority because they can't quite adjust to this new lifestyle themselves yet.

"Anyway, what happened to that girl isn't something you need to be worried about, you're not like her at all, you're a sweet lovely little thing, and I promise you Regina is as fond of you as I am, and Farah and Vanessa are sweet on you too, but you gotta promise me you'll be careful around Devana."

"Is she going to bite me too? Is she going to drain me like she did that girl?!"

"No I'm not saying that, Devana wouldn't do that kind of thing anymore, Regina wouldn't stand for it, and she's been socialized a bit."

"Is she going to hurt me?"

"No, not without Regina's say so."

Say so?

"Just try to behave yourself around her, I mean she won't drink you but she'll be really mean. Sadism turns her on, a lot more than the rest of us, she's the kind of girl who even if all she's allowed to do is tickle you she'll do it to you until it actually hurts."

"Isn't that what most of you do anyway?" I kinda scoffed that out, considering the circumstances I think I should be lucky I'm with Veronica right now.

"I'm not joking, look get me wrong, I mean kidnapping and enslavement aside everyone here really, genuinely likes you, you're a sweet girl and you actually taste pretty nice."

"You call me your cow, you use me for sex whenever you want, you know what rape is? You think being a supernatural entity somehow entitles you to ruin my life? What are you guys planning, are you going to keep me in a kennel when you're bored? Are you going to just get bored and drain me until you die, will you do something sick like leave my body on my family's door step or maybe make a game out of it like leave pieces of me around the city like a demented scavenger hunt."

There was a lot of anger in that rant, I don't regret it for a moment, everything I said was true, I had every right to be angry about being treated like some kind of sex doll. And maybe I was just doing this because Veronica was the nice one and this would probably my only chance to voice this and not get brutally murdered and/or tortured in some horrific way that was as bad as being murdered.

Maybe I should reconsider that, I looked at Veronica to see her face was full of barely contained rage, not enough to bare her fangs. Her eyes and nose displayed the rage of someone who looked like they sincerely wanted to beat me to death, and I don't mean the bitches I had to deal with in high school, I mean an actual murderer.

She grabbed me by the back of my hair and yanked it towards her as hard as she could, which was already bordering on being able to tear the hair, and possible scalp, right off my head.

"I like you, do you understand, I really do, but you gotta learn your place here. I'm not going to go into the grisly details just yet, I'm not going to tell about the girls whose toes and fingers I tore off, I'm not gonna tell you about the girls whose skins I removed with my fingernails, I'm not going to tell you about the secret ingredient in the roast we served you last night. I'm just going to tell you that between the five of us, my family knows enough about the bodies of little girls like you that we can keep alive and conscious while we do things to you so awful that most folks would otherwise die after do it to 'em the first time around."

That, that more than anything that's happened so far has left me legitimately terrified, I don't think I've felt this way since I was five years old and my mom screamed at me for wetting the bed; I was literally frozen in place, my body refused to move and my mind was barely function. Veronica let go of my hair and it seemed just as quickly as her anger she embraced me and nuzzled my cheek like a dear family member.

"You're not just a cow to me, I pushed extra hard to find a girl just like you, because even in a family like this there's still cliques, there's people who love each other more than others."

I guess even in paradise there's still inequality.

"Since I got here I've been envious of the others, even though Regina tells me I'm her favourite sometimes I just want someone to myself, I want a sister all to my own."

She was shedding real tears at this point, her body was actually getting hotter, I don't think she's faking this.

"If you stay good and quiet and show everyone you can see what a good girl you are, and then if I keep pushing Regina will let me bring you on permanently; you could be one of us, you'd be the baby in our beautiful little family, and we'd take care of you and get to be one of us, you'll never die and you'll have to fear being alone.

Her voice seemed to be that kind of mix of desperation and genuine love that made it seem that she really did care about me. I'm not going to lie, there's an appeal to that, the teenage romanticisation of what basically amounts to immortality, superpowers, darkness and brooding and all that shit that appeals to the part of my brain that's thinking that lesbian sex for the rest of eternity is paradise. But I have to remember the reality of the situation, these women have kidnapped, raped and enslaved me, I can't let her selfishness change the fact that I need to get the fuck out of here. I need to remember, pump her for weaknesses, anything I can use, even if it's just something like emotional blackmail or something in their stupid family politics.

"Come on, let's get out of here, at this rate our skin is gonna prune up to the point where you're not gonna feel a thing."

'Feel a thing?'

Veronica dried me off with a towel and then guided out of the bathroom, she was rushing me along like she was making no one would catch up to us, sadly that was not to be, opening the door and making their way to intercept us were the last people I wanted to see: Farah and Vanessa.

Don't get me wrong, I don't really have anything against Vanessa, I don't know her well enough to form an opinion, other than being a partner to my kidnapping and rape. But where she goes Farah usually follows, and Farah I have no qualms about holding a grudge against; this bitch ruined my life, manipulated me with money and sex and a childish crush to fall into this bullshit. I swear even if I don't get out of here, I don't know how but I swear I'll find a way to shove a stake through that cunt's heart.

"And how's my favourite little cow, I did so enjoy your utters sweetie, it's a shame you're not lactating, now that would've certainly made last night more enjoyable."

"Farah be nice, the girl's still adjusting, and besides she's such a sweetie."

"Trying to butter her up? Just remember Emily sweetie tomorrow's our turn to have you, I'm looking forward to give you a good work out, how many orgasms can I give you before you dehydrate."

"Oh don't listen to her love, I promise tomorrow we'll have a lot of fun."

"Why keep her in a towel Veronica? We've all seen her naked, it's not like modesty has ever mattered in this house."

"She's just a mortal, she's catch a chill, I think I'm being awfully considerate making sure you two won't be covered in mucus and saliva." Veronica's voice was a little on edge, even with all Farah's mocking and leering directed at me she still comes off as defensive, either these two really don't like each other, which I'm fine with, or Veronica's plan is public knowledge; realistically she'd probably have to call a house meeting and vote before something as radical as adding another hen to the roost were to happen.

"Regina said she's my cow today that means I can dress her up in a bloody hijab and still be within my rights."

"Fine whatever, just make sure you keep your promise, when we get her I don't want our nails to scrape off dead skin."

"Hey now, I have my pride as a professional you know, her skin's going to be so soft you're going to want to worship them."

"Well we'd do that regardless."

Ok this is both the creepiest, flattering and downright confusing conversation I've ever been in.

Veronica rushed me off back to her room while Vanessa and Farah waving at us from afar.

As we entered Veronica's room and she brusquely pushed me on the bed and when I looked back at her she had a wry smile on her face.

"Take off the towel."

I didn't dare refuse her, I lay on my back naked and waited for my now equally naked mistress; she really was beautiful but in a humble way, her breasts weren't as large as the other girls but even so she had a natural glow about her, she really was quite like an actual mother.

This brief period of admiration was quickly interrupted as the object of my affection leapt upon me and brought me into a cuddly embrace with all the glee of a small child, it would be both adorable and sexy to have this very attractive older woman fawning over me were it not for the current circumstances. She nuzzled my cheek and kissed me, and while I enjoyed this attention I had to find a way to get some info out of her.

"Could you tell me about yourself?"

"Oh sweetheart, you want to know about little old me?"
