 Vanessa and Farah (plaything of the lovebirds)

Oh god what is that? I feel so weird, but in a good way, am I being attacked?

My eyes open with a start as the horrible sensation closes in on me, it's coming from groin, oh god it feels like some kind of monster was causing the most horrible pain imaginable. I look down towards the source to see a huge moving, pulsing lump beneath the blankets. I pull it back expecting to see Veronica trying to drain me, only to find she was just eating me out in the sexual manner.

"Top of the morning to you buttercup!"

I should get used to this by now, oral sex is as certain in this house as sunlight in Singapore.

"Could you please not do that now, it really hurts after everything so far. I'm not a machine, I can't be sucked and tickled and licked and bitten and rubbed and whatever else you want to do to me without getting sore and swollen after a certain point."

"Oh sweetie, just you wait until I turn you, you're endurance will go up so fast you'll be able to have orgies for days at a time before passing out."

"Well while that does sound appealing, you have to remember for that I'm fragile."

"Well get used to it sweetie, a kiss on your clit is the same as a kiss good morning in this house, Regina and most of the girls did to me the first few days I joined them, they'll want to do it to you too."

"Oh joy." Not really sure myself if that was sarcastic or enthusiastic, but you know what they say about chocolate and vomiting and also wishes coming true; my mind is so exhausted at this point I'm honestly not making a joke.

Veronica didn't really give me time to think it through, she quickly embraced me tightly, her breasts mashing against mine, her body intertwined with mine, her breath against my neck.

"Mm, mentioning chocolate gives me an idea, how about for dinner tonight we cover you in melted chocolate and lick it off."

"How's that different from any other night?"

"Well you'll taste better for a start."

"Are you saying I taste bad?"

"Not bad, just bland. Maybe we could eat sushi off you instead and drink wine off you crotch."

Five beautiful women, licking and sucking every inch of my body; it's enough to set my heart aflutter if it weren't for everything being terrifying and the fact that they might actually eat me.

"But hey, you know it doesn't have to be your clit, I can suck you where you want: nipples? Toes? Fingers? Anywhere you want."

"Well I've gotta say, my feet were always an erogenous zone for me, my toes always feel tingly during an orgasm and I'm pretty sure it works in reverse. So when you gave me that pedicure, I actually really enjoyed it a lot."

"Oh sweetie why didn't you just say something earlier, from now on consider me your personal fetishist, I'll worship or torture you however much you want sweetfeet."

Her puns were silly by the kindness and love was genuine, she lay down next to my feet and took my right foot in her hands and began massaging it. It felt so good to be with her, she knew every muscle, every spot and just how hard or soft to be. It's not the first time someone in this house touched me this way, but it was the first time they've been so gentle, I didn't want to leave now, I wanted to stay in this cloudy, warm little world.

"As much as I'd like to, we have to get you ready for Vanessa and Farah." She said as she quickly made for her wardrobe.

"Yesterday you said that Farah and Vanessa were both sweet on me, did you really mean that or did you say that just to make sure I wasn't afraid. I mean I don't think Farah seems to like me very much, or likes me in a way that would mean eating me."

"Oh sweetie, don't you worry, Farah can be a little bitchy now and then, but she's really quite a lovely woman, she just runs hot and cold sometimes. Don't let her scare if she gives you that 'I wanna eat you' vibe, more likely she just wants to torture you. But you know in the I think you're hot and I really love you and you're my family, but you gotten be broken in. You know that kinda way."

"That's not very reassuring, you remember what I just said earlier about me being more fragile than you!!"

"Don't worry buttercup, Farah knows her boundaries, she and Vanessa are the oldest in this house after Regina and if she ever crosses that line Vanessa will reign her in; Vanessa's always been her better half."

"So you're basically saying if I'm ever alone with Farah I'm screwed."

"Not if you get to know her first, she treated me like shit for a little while but eventually she got to know me."

"Yeah but you were already vampire when you met her, what's she going to do to me when she gets pissed off?!"

"She won't do anything to you, Regina laid down the law pretty clearly: no one's allowed to do anything to you that'll draw blood or break bones or even leave a bruise."

"And they'll keep their word?"

"Regina is our mama, she's the most important person in our lives, we obey her because we love her and we'd never go back on our word."

She said that with an awful lot of seriousness, I guess she takes this family thing really seriously. I mean I love my mom but I would never take her that seriously. But I guess after what both her and Farah told me this family isn't just for convenience for them, it's deeper and more intense than; I realize now that I don't really have any kind of relationship in my life to compare this to.

Veronica came back out of her wardrobe carrying with her the same dress I wore last night.

"Now one thing you gotta remember about Vanessa and Farah is that their kinda old fashioned, they expect to curtsy and call them 'auntie', and make sure to keep your head down and speak in a soft voice. And don't be afraid to be manipulative, pretend you're little girl hiding behind Vanessa's skirt, she's a sucker for little kids and pathetic types like that." Veronica prattled on and on as she helped me into the dress, for someone who said they'd never disobey Regina she seems to worry a lot.

"What do you know about Vanessa and Farah anyway? Where did they come from? Have they always been together?"

"Sweetie we don't go talking about each other behind each other's backs, if you want to know that kind of thing you should ask them to their face. I will say this, that if I'm ever away and you can't get a hold of Regina, always go to Vanessa; she was the only other one in the house who wanted you in the family aside from Regina and I, she's probably the best motherly-type I've met other than Regina, I'm not saying she's a saint or that she's never cruel, she and Farah have done worse things than me over the years. But she will look out for you, that's one thing you can be sure of as long as you live in this house.

After she zipped me up she rushed me over to her make up table again.

"Now let's get you all made up, they're old fashion and they like their girls dressed like a doll."

"Again with the geisha make up?"

"They like girls with pale skin."

As Veronica powdered my face my mind drifted a bit, what the hell was I gonna do when I open their door? I don't want to deal with this shit, I don't want to be near Farah at all, even if she is still insanely hot, she's just as likely to bite off pieces of me as she is to pleasure them. Why can't I just stay here, or why can't I maybe see Regina instead, she seemed nice enough; but honestly if I could I'd stay here with Veronica, she's so kind and loving, even if it's in a weird, hyper-sexualized way I think I can think of her as being my mother. As fucked up as it sounds, being in her warm embrace felt so good, so right and so safe I never wanted to leave; I can't wait to get all this nonsense over with just so I can get back to this room and be with her. 

"Alright baby bird, you're primed and proper ready to present yourself to the rest of the flock."

With my makeup done Veronica guided me to her door, she kept her arm around me and as she pointed out Farah and Vanessa's door to me. She gave me one final kiss and hug and promising a big party afterwards. It better be a big ass party, with lots of ice cream so I can either get fat or vomit onto everyone else's pretty dresses.

She closed the door behind me, and as I got ready to knock my body froze; a sudden horrifying realization was dawning on me: what was I just thinking, what was I just saying? I seriously considered calling Veronica mother, I seriously wanted to just go and cuddle up with Regina, I seriously wanted to just curl up in Veronica's bed and stay with her.

'WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME?!?!?!'

This is it, this is brainwashing, slowly but surely they're altering how my mind works, making me think this is love, making me forget about the outside world. Veronica isn't my mother, Regina isn't my mother, these people aren't my family; these women are sick, disgusting monsters playing a sick disgusting game, kidnapping, raping, torturing and enslaving me; my name is Emily Hsu, my mother's name is Suzanna Hsu, I'm not their pet I'm their victim.

I have to keep my mind clear, play along with their game and keep trying to find some way out of this house of horrors. Wait a minute, Farah has her own car, she probably keeps them in her room, if I could at least find where you usually keeps them I could steal them and use her car to get out of here. Even if I don't know how to drive it doesn't matter, all I need to do is get the attention of a cop.

The hardest part of all of this though is getting through today, how am I going to stand being Farah's plaything, that cunt's the whole reason I'm here; she played me, she knew from the beginning how to seduce me, she planned this all from the beginning. I know well enough not to try and do something incredibly stupid like stab her in the heart, she's bigger, faster and stronger than me and Vanessa's with her, I do something like that and Regina's protection won't mean a thing and I'm tomorrow night's roast. I just have to endure their bullshit and remember where they keep their keys, I've to keep playing the good girl and remember who I am.

And as I finished my thoughts almost on queue I found myself face-to-face with a very confused looking Vanessa.

"Oh why hello sweetie, you know if you were waiting for the door to open one usually just knocks first."

I was again frozen, this time with intense fear; Farah said she wasn't reading my mind when we first met, but could she? Could they actually read my mind, did Vanessa hear everything I just thought, is she going to turn me in to the others or if she was going murder me right now. It's been at least ten seconds and she hasn't done anything, I guess that means she can't read my mind, quickly gotta do something or she'll be suspicious!

"Oh why thank you auntie Vanessa, I'm sorry but my mind was all befuddled by thinking of the best way to introduce myself!!" I said with as cute a curtsy and as saccharine a voice as I could muster, I just remembered I had that make up still on so they must've been expecting me to play some kind of submissive, bubbly Asian girl. Fine then, today I'm gonna kawaii the shit out of them.

"Oh sweetie, you don't have to do anything special for us, just be yourself; please come in."

Vanessa spoke with a heavy accent, I'm guess Spanish or Italian, was never good at identifying accents. I curtsied for good measure and followed Vanessa back into her room.

Vanessa and Farah's room was like entering a time warp, everything from the wall paper to They must both be at least three or four hundred years old easy, in the corner of the room there was even a period accurate harpsicord, I had only seen designs like that at museums, is this what Veronica meant when she said they were old fashioned? I wonder if they were ever fans of the Marquis de Sade or most likely inspired him.

My train of thought was interrupted by the sound of Vanessa slapping her lap, indicating she wanted me to sit on her lap like a little girl; better to keep up the role. I skipped over to her swishing my skirt all the way and fell backwards into her lap giggling like a little girl.

"My you're a lot heavier than you look."

Just smile, just keep smiling and keep looking cute and smile.

"Why are you doing this? This isn't you, this giddy little child."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Putting on this act, do you think we want you like this? Some air headed little doll? No, we want the real you, we want to know the girl who's going to be our niece in a few days."

The real me? The real me is screaming to get of this place, the real me and wants everyone in this house to die violently; I hate you and I especially hate Farah.

"I think I know what's going on with you."

"You do?!" Oh shit

"You're afraid of Farah aren't you?"

Well she's not wrong.

"Don't worry dear, I understand completely, I know my sweet Farah enough to know that she can be quite imposing and intimidating, maybe even a bully sometimes. Just because I love her doesn't mean I'm blind to that kind of behaviour, if you're afraid of her you just stay close to me, I'll make sure she doesn't get too rough; and don't let her scare you, even if she doesn't act like it you're our baby, you're Veronica's little girl and that makes you our family and that means we love you unconditionally!"

Families can be abusive, and just on queue Farah entered the room wearing a red and black suit and being weighed down by what must've been a dozen shopping bags all coiled around her arms.

"Honey, I'm home!"

I just wanted to disappear, I just wanted to be invisible, I didn't want Farah to be anywhere near me right now, the thought of her touching me made me ill and the idea that she was going to have her way with me more so.

"And what do we have her? Veronica's little puppy come to visit her wicked aunties."

"Farah we talked about this, she's not a dog and she's not a cow, she's our sweet little baby girl Emily."

"Still doesn't change why she's here, she's here to get to know her aunties and that means she's in for a full day of fun and frivolity and fornication. Now strip out of that dress so we can get a good look at your body."

Vanessa prodded me to get up, as she stood behind me and unzipped my back I slinked out of the dress and stood before Farah as she scrutinized me, having Vanessa standing behind me offered little comfort.

"Your breasts are a bit saggy, that's disappointing I was hoping for a girl with perky breasts."

"Farah please! Don't listen to her sweetie, your breasts lovely just the way they are." Vanessa said she planted little kisses on my neck, I counted each one in case her fangs were planning on puncturing me.

Farah's scrutiny didn't let up, her eyes transfixed on me, her hand cradling her chin and index finger rubbing her lips while her eyes inspected me. Maybe it was the aggressive arch of her eyebrows or the aggressive slant of her eyes, she was aggressive and intimidating in general, she was making me incredibly uncomfortable and I started to fidget. Realizing whatever she was wondering Farah walked towards me and took hold of my chin while looking me directly in the eye.

"Hold still, if I damage you Veronica scream at me to no end."

Her fingers approached my head, bent upwards so her nails won't pierce my eyes, they got closer and closer until finally her finger tips pressed against my eyes and then lifted my contact lenses right off my eyeballs. Now I could barely see anything, Farah appeared to me as a blurry, blobby version of herself.

"There, those nasty little things were obscuring your pretty little eyes."

She flicked the pair of lenses on the ground and out of her pocket she produced a pair of glasses, my pair of glasses. She handed them to me and I placed them back on my face.

"There, girls with glasses look more adorable than a girl with contacts. Besides until Veronica actually does the deed you're still just a puppy as far as I'm concerned, that means you need a leash."

She's right, I'm legally blind without those, if I go ahead with my plan without my glasses I'll end up crashes into a tree before I get anywhere near the closest cop.

"Now don't pout, today is when you spend time with your number one aunties, and I'll be damned if Devana's going to beat me to Emily's favourite auntie status." She says while making some overly dramatic hand gestures you'd see in a cheesy anime.

What the fuck?

"On the bed, a certain little lady is going to get a very special treat today."

Before I could protest Vanessa scooped me up in her arms, cradling me like a baby, or alternatively like a bride cradled by her lover. She spun around and around and around, making a hyper enthusiastic hooting like she was trying to impress a baby, she spun us towards their bed and the both us down on the bed, giving my belly a raspberry for good measure.

"BZZZZZZT."

"NOHOHHAHAHAHA STOP!!"

"I agree, at least wait until after I've prepared her, even the best meat needs to be marinated before the meal is ready."

Vanessa wrapped herself around me, her arms around my arms and her legs and around right leg and then nuzzling me my cheek with her own. Farah made her way towards my body, slinking around like a cat, slipping her shoes off and placing herself on the bed with her head right between my legs.

"Now if my memory is correct I said that I'd make that make up run; I said I'd dine on your sweet womanhood of yours. And yet you don't seem to be too enthusiastic about that."

I tried very hard to avoid looking angry, but any words I could try to use to retort died in my throat.

"I think I understand, here in the presence of your idol you've got butterflies in your stomach."

"I was right, you have cold feet done you. We'll need to warm you up otherwise your poor body won't enjoy our attentions."

"I'm genuinely offended, I thought for the last few months I was constantly on your mind, I was the secret crush of an insecure 22 year old bi-curious little Asian girl."

I felt the blood rushing to the surface of face, all those immature thoughts and fantasies I had about Farah, back when the idea of just her making skin contact with me would seriously make me want to touch myself. Now as ashamed as I am to admit it, now that I actually am in this situation I still feel that way, the idea of Farah touching me like this was just so enthralling that I have to mentally kick myself to stop salivating.

As Farah sprawled herself between my legs and pressed her nose against my labia made me gasp, and soon she followed it up by blowing a spine-tinglingly cold breath against my clitoris.

"Admit it, you've dreamed of this the moment you saw me, you spent every night for the last couple of months making silent prayers that I would notice you, that I would touch you. Don't feel ashamed sweetie, boys and girls of all ages have worshipped me for centuries, I have been the queen of more fantasies than all the little potential brothers and sisters you beat to your mama's egg."

"And so humble too."

A little more anger was about to rise were it not for Farah planting an extremely pleasant kiss upon my labia.

"When I offered you money a couple of nights ago it was a waste, you would've happily followed me anywhere and done anything just to get to this point. Was it worth it my love? For the chance to be the meal of your goddess? I bet even after everything you still think of me, I bet when I threatened you secretly wants my family to torture and rape you, you fantasized about being my whore and playing out some trashy fantasy life with me as your pimp."

The anger was becoming impossible to contain, I gritted my teeth and no matter how hard I tried to keep it in my fists were starting to shake. The only thing soothing me, surprisingly, was Vanessa blowing gentle shhses into my ear like trying to calm an upset child.
