 Chapter 4: Devana's lair

Warm, soft skin all around me, breasts too, very big and cuddly breasts that cuddle me into a sweet comfortable sleep. I don't want this to end ever, it feels so good and so right to have this kind of intimacy. And yet I know I have to, because it's just another lie, another horrible thing fooling me into thinking this is a home, it isn't for me, I'm just a plaything for these women, I'm their amusement and past time, these women are going to kill me slowly and make it into a game. Car keys, car keys, car keys, that's the path to salvation, get those car keys.

I opened my eyes and was greeted to two beautiful women, I think this is the first time I've woken up before a bedpartner. They really are incredibly beautiful, Veronica was so youthful she could pass for a college freshmen and Vanessa had this incredibly nurturing face like you would expect from a mother. These women put out an image so beautiful and so loving you can't help but be attracted to them, but it's a lie, there's nothing remotely loving about these women, and if there is it's a sick love. They may love each other like a family, but so do most narcissists and their slaves; loving only those close to you and having contempt for others is all you need to be a serial killer, no one else is better suited to become a vampire than these women.

They stirred awake and so did the hairs on the back of my neck, I knew they probably wouldn't try to strangle me again, no today was Devana's turn to claw me to death; everyday I'm here feels like one step closer to the dinner table.

"Oh wow, you woke up first, I wonder what that means for the tradition, does that mean you have to go down on the both of us?" Veronica said with a wry smile, I bet she's looking forward to ordering me around like that.

"Now, now, she's still our guest it's only fair that she gets the two of us treating her to a family wake up."

"Oh fine, so what do you feel like buttercup, two mouths on one clit or do you want your anus to join in?"

I don't want this anymore, I don't want these women touching my body anymore.

"Can't we just skip it for today? I mean sex and tickling, I'll be getting enough of that already from Devana, can't we just cuddle for a change or something?"

What a stupid idea, they're going to seriously fall for that.

"Oh sweetie, you should've just asked earlier, of course we can do that."

The two cruel women turned into cuddly creatures before my eyes, all warm smiles and sweet cooing sounds like the kind you'd see in a shallow anime about smiling teenagers all acting like meek little dolls. That's how they see me, some meek little china doll that always keeps her mouth shut and smiles and giggles and sounds and acts like a little baby; it's a fantasy just as superficial as how they're acting now. 'It was a mistake, I never meant anything by it, it won't happen again', all meaningless words that don't mean anything, just a prelude to more abuse.

We lay there together, the three of us, it was comfortable but really I just wanted anything to keep me away from Devana; everything I've heard says she's the worst of the lot, I can't be near that woman not when I've barely survived her sisters. What is she going to do to me, is she going to be more like a regular vampire than these two? Is she going to drink my blood? No she won't do that, the others haven't so far, though that doesn't mean she won't do something equally horrible.

Find the car keys, that's what I have to do, find some way to get out of here as quickly as possible. Can I do it now? Not when I know that Farah is in the next room and Vanessa's here right now, I have to find a time where I can get them and then to the car with most people out of the house or at least just those two.

"Sweetie I think it's time to get up now, if not Devana's going to be cross with you, and believe me you don't want that."

The two of them separated from me and guided me again back towards their dresser, this time there was no makeup, just a dress more frilly than the one before, white and conservative and very lady like. I'm guessing this is for Devana's sake who likes the idea of degrading and torturing pretty princesses, don't get me wrong I fantasize about doing that girls I hate in my dorm all the time, but I don't want to be her sub unless there's a safe word.

"I don't want to go down there." I know that wasn't going to accomplish anything, but I really didn't want to go down there, I wanted to put it off as much as possible.

"Sweetie please, Devana is waiting, you don't want to upset your auntie do you? You want to make a good impression on her don't you?"

I want to get away, I want to get away, so far away from this place.

"Come on now, Veronica will guide you downstairs, now if you excuse me I need to see Farah. Believe me I will give her a stern talking to, you don't have to worry about her anymore, but you will have to worry about Devana if you keep her waiting any longer."

"Come on sweetpea, let's get going."

As Vanessa and Veronica led me out the door they parted ways, Vanessa returned to her room and Veronica guided me downstairs. As we made our way down the spiral staircase my body just moved automatically following Veronica's lead; she continued muttering things she did before only more nervously than before, I didn't bother paying attention I just had to think of ways to escape without getting caught, something not so easy when I haven't even seen the outside of the house or even the surrounding neighbourhood. Somehow I don't think running out the front door and screaming for help from the neighbours is going to work, they'd probably dismiss it as a BDSM roleplay gotten out of hand.

The sight of front door left me as we descended below ground level and down into the basement, when we reached the bottom of the staircase it seemed like some ominous entrance to the lair of the supervillain. The walls were black, the ceiling was black, the floor was black, the entirety of this tiny area we were in was designed to deny the existence of sunlight as much as possible; in front of us lay two doors, one I assumed was for Devana's room, I asked Veronica what the other door was for.

"That's the guest room sweet heart."

Guest room in the basement, of course it was for other vampires, who else would they have over?

I resigned myself to whatever horrible fate awaited me in Devana's room, I reached out to turn the knob but before my hand reached the door I found myself wrapped up in another one of Veronica's very emotional embraces.

"I'm sorry about last night, please believe I'm so sorry, I didn't mean it, I love you, I really do, you have no idea!"

I didn't dare dispute, I'm not even sure though if she can actually tell what love is at this point.

"I love you and I'll never let anything bad happen to you, you just go in there with Devana and I'll stay right outside this door, I'll keep my ear peeled all day if I have to, if she gets out of hand you just holler and I'll come to the rescue."

I don't think she's kidding, she's really doing this on my behalf? I know I have to keep my head about this, I can't start believing this is really an act of love, I mean it is but of her sick love. Besides she's just concerned Devana's gonna break her baby doll if she doesn't keep a close eye on her. Not that I'm against her decision, I'm quite relieved honestly, if I didn't have Vanessa with me yesterday I don't think Regina's promise would've meant anything to Farah if she had me all to herself.

I was afraid of turning that knob, slightly less now that I know Veronica will keep Devana from going too far; my hand reaches out and knocks on the door.

"Is that Emily? Please come down sweetheart, I've been waiting for so long." Her voice sounded playful, like a heavier version of Vanessa's accent. The playfulness I'm sure was just a ruse, I'm sure the moment I set foot down there I'll be stripped and bound to some kind of torture device but that's a given in this house.

As I put my hand on the door knob and prepare the turn Veronika placed her hand over mine, I looked towards her to see a calmingly sweet smile on her face. In spite of everything, in spite of last night, that smile gave me a warm reassurance that everything was going to be ok; and I'm going to kick myself for saying this but I wish we could just curl up in bed together and have her pamper till the day I die. That was a poor choice of words.

I opened the gates to the underworld and passed through the point of no return, very slowly as it turns out Devana had shut off all her lights leaving the room pitch black. I suppose vampires have excellent night vision, is that what she had planned for me? Just to not see the physical abuse coming, was that all she wanted? I guess I should be thankful she's not more creative.

I slowly made my way down the stairs, being in a basement already wasn't enough she had to bury herself deeper underground, and I'm sure that making me slowly feel my way down the steps and rely on the wall as support was a joke she was taking a great deal of pleasure in.

I was just thankful that Veronica allowed light in as she kept the door open, allowing me to make out the steps but little else. I reached the bottom and almost walked into a wall when I realized the steps shifted at a right angle and followed the wall again.

"You're almost there sweetie, just a few steps to your left."

I followed her instructions, without a wall to guide me I was afraid of stubbing my toe into something.

"Ok, stop right there, now raise your right hand and grasp the chain."

I did as I was instructed and felt a small chain, I pulled on it and was greeted by a blinding bright light above me that left me dazed; as I rubbed my eyes to get the spots out I backed up and bumped into an all too familiar warm body.

"Good morning Emily, I hope you didn't miss me last night, I know it can be hard to be without me for too long, that's why I decided to join Devana's little session today."

I ran, not in any particular direction, just away as far as possible, only to run into Devana who I swear wasn't there a second ago. She grabbed me into an aggressive embrace, I'm sure she was having fun as she pressed my face into her breasts while I tried very hard to maintain eye contact with Farah. If I couldn't run away I wouldn't have to interact with her, that's what my stupid, anxious lizard brain was telling me.

"Surprised to see me?"

"What are you doing here?" I tried very hard to block the word 'hell' from that because I know if I didn't I'd end up experiencing it, sooner than intended.

"I don't like sleeping alone, besides it gave I and Devana a chance to have a discussion about you, and we both had so much we wanted to share."

Oh god, what did they talk about?

"FARAH, WHAT THE SAM HELL ARE YOU DOING DOWN THERE?!? YOU KNOW THE RULES, GET THE HELL UP HERE OR DRAG YOU UP BY YOUR FUCKING HAIR!!"

I don't think I've ever been so happy to hear Veronica's voice.

"Alright sweetie, I'll be right up, we're just having a little girl time, you could join us if you want? It's been such a long time since we've all been together like a family, don't tell me you're shy of being on the bottom again?"

"I'M TELLING YOU ONE LAST TIME, YOU GET UP HERE OR I'LL GO TO REGINA!!"

"Alright I'm coming up, honestly you can be such a bitch sometimes, we need to get you back in that leash you used to like."

Farah marched herself up the stairs, smugly looking at what I assumed was Veronica's angry face. As the two of them closed that door and the sound of them arguing slowly faded out of earshot, the dawning horror of the situation was coming over me: I was now going to have to spend 12 hours alone with Devana.

"Strip." Only one word came out of her mouth and of course it was going to be that.

"Eh shouldn't we get acquainted first auntie?"

"Cute, we can talk all you once you're in bondage."

"But auntie Devana, we've barely spoken since I got here, I barely know anything about you, don't you want to spend a few hours telling me about your life story before you ravage me?"

"I'm going to make this very simple for you to understand, in my room your only choices are do you prefer being chained down on the rack or mummified on my table. Refusal to follow orders or just being an indecisive little ninny will lead to you getting punished."

"Punished how?"

"No stops, no breaks, no hearing my life story, I'll tickle you so hard you'll faint, and if you think that's going to serve as some kind of sanctuary from me then let me tell you I know more than enough about the human body so that never happens."

And faster than you could say 'I'm going to touch you inappropriately' my dress lay at my feet and I was nervously hoping for Devana's approval.

"You're fat, after you become one of us we're going to have to work on that."

Considering everything she could've said I'm actually very happy it was only just that much.

"Now which do you want? Rack or mummification."

"What the difference?"

"Well you'll be lying on a padded table either way, but with the rack I have access to your entire body, with the mummification I'll just be playing with your feet, crotch and breasts."

"If that's true why are you even offering me a choice, why aren't you just telling me to go to the rack?"

"Well I'm trying to do you a favour sweetie, you must be sick and tired of all the other girls pawing every bit of naked flesh they can see. Besides it's a lot like losing a sense, being unable to move or feel in so much of the body maximizes sensations where you exposed."

"Oh joy."

"I'm a sadist, but not a complete monster. Still make no mistake, I'm going to make you cry for your new mommy."

"Are you sure you don't want to just tell me about your tragic journey from living in unjust conditions to vampiric mistress of night living it up with the women you love?"

"Ooh, you've got quite the silver tongue for someone so young, tell you what, I'll tell you during tickling, and each time we stop I quiz you, get a wrong answer and you'll get punished."

She guided me deeper into the basement, now with the lights on I could see where exactly I was, it became obvious they had converted this room into a torture dungeon. The entire place was covered wall to wall with bright red lacquer panelling, the room was filled with torture devices: hooks hanging from the ceiling from which my wrists could be suspended, bondage devices which included everything from a rack and an x-frame to tables with shackles that look like they could hold me spread eagle or force me on my stomach and bend my knees and keep my feet in the air. That's not to say anything about the large collection of ropes, handcuffs, zipcuffs, chains, shackles, spreader bars and lots of other stuff I recognize thanks to the fact that I spend most of my internet on Pornhub.

One thing that did stand out to me though was the fact that there were no actual torture implements, no blades, whips, paddles, or devices designs to crush, impale, tear, suffocate, or anything you'd expect from a group of women who spent the last four hundred years wandering the world looking for new and interesting people and ways to torture them to death. They did however have shelves filled with bottles of edible lotions that each had their own flavour, I really shouldn't be so happy to see those.

"You have sharp eyes, that's good, it's a useful skill to have, maybe you'll actually be worth something to this family when we turn you."

"Well I guess I'm just happy I don't have to worry about whippings or mutilations."

"Now whoever said that, the reason we don't keep things like knifes or whips is because we prefer a hands-on approach; we're predators dear, our bodies are designed to torture and torment little lambs like you, we have knives built into us not like you little lambs playing pretend."

"You seem to have a real love of torture, was that before or after you became a vampire?"

"Oh sweetie, I've always been this way, you'll learn all about it firsthand."

Before I could try and stall anymore Devana guided me towards one of the padded tables she wanted me to lay on. I didn't dare antagonize her further so I just let her mummify me, which meant covering me in cling wrap of all things. She wrapped me in the plastic both around me and around the table under me, leaving my breasts, genitals and feet exposed; it was really effective, I couldn't move at all, I'd be excited if it weren't for the fact that this woman was supposed to be the sadist out of a family of sadists.

"Why don't you tell me about your life before you met Regina?"

"Why must you constantly insist on asking such questions? Do I ask you about your utterly dismal and boring little life before you got here?"

"Well it's just that you seem to have quite a reputation, since I got here everyone has been warning me about you, saying you're the real sadist in this house, talking about you like you're some kind of monster."

"Ah monster among monsters eh?"

"I don't doubt it's true, if it weren't why else would Veronica be eavesdropping on us right now?"

"My you certainly know how to butter up a lady's ego, I can see now why Vanessa took such a shine to you yesterday, you may even charm Regina if you keep this up."

"Really?"

"Don't be too proud of that, my sisters and mother have the softest hearts, especially when it comes to new candidates. Farah and I on the other hand are much less willing to welcome in a stranger, don't expect to win me over any more than you did with her yesterday."

Well shit.

"And now, even though I know you're probably not thinking this, you're wondering why I'm not being as cruel as Farah right now."

"Well I guess that was a bit on my mind."

"Don't get me wrong, Farah is my sister and I love her, but she is a total bitch, always has been since we first met; she's territorial and doesn't like new girls at all, don't get me wrong she has not problems with prostitutes and food because they know their place."

"So if that's true what about you? Why aren't you treating me like shit?"

"I remember what it's like to be the new girl, how much crap Farah hoisted on me and Veronica, I'd have clawed her eyes out if Regina didn't intervene every time things got too heated."

"Well if that's true why did you ever stay?"

"Because Farah grew up, once she saw I was willing to sacrifice in the name of our family she warmed up to me right away."

"What do you mean by 'sacrifice'?"

"Well now that would spoil my story, naughty little girl trying to peek?"

By the time we reached this point Devana had completely mummified me, she playfully flicked a talon-like fingernail down my sole, causing me to squeal with surprise.

"So now you know the rules, you'll get to hear my story while I play with you."

"And if I miss anything you'll make me suffer."

"You have good ears, that's something useful, maybe we will keep you."

"As your niece?"

"Maybe? Of course if Veronica can't cut being a mother we could always make you the family ghoul. I mean we can all go out into the daylight and haven't needed a slave in several centuries, but it'd cute keeping you as the family dog."

"Ugh."

"No more of that sour face, if we're going to spend time together you'll feel what I decide you should feel."

I giggled as Devana began playing with me, her fingers tentatively massaged and my skin, starting from the palms of my hands.

"My story begins a very long time ago, not too long after Farah and Vanessa met Regina, in the latter part of the 1700s I was born into a roving family of Roma who roamed across Spain. We weren't much liked by the locals, we were accused of being thieves and whores and witches, though in all fairness those accusations were all true. I grew up into a tribe of people who loved life and wandered far and wide."
