 Chapter 6: I Love You, Do You Love Me?

Everything smells and feels sweeter, for the first time in a long time I feel like everything bad that's happened to me is washed away. It's like I've entered a new state of being, like I've overcome every horrible thing that's ever happened to me, and I owe this all to my new family.

I love you.

Those words never felt so true as they do now. I feel like the very air itself is coated with some kind of tangible love thing. Oh god this is the best high I've ever had, it's the first high I've ever had, I don't think I'll ever feel this good ever again. I need to make sure that every moment I have this is e best moment I'll ever have.

And then I see the person responsible for this: my sweet, dearest Veronica, my new mother who has brought me into this new, beautiful world!

She's still sleeping, time for the tables to turn.

For the first time it's good to feel like the predator, to feel like the dominant one in this relationship; I feel like I'm on the hunt, like some kind of big predatory cat as I use my hands like great paws to move across the bedsheets like a tigress. As I made my way between mama's thighs I saw her lovely little love bun, I've never been vain enough to thoroughly examine my own clitoris so I don't know how mine compares but I was honestly expecting something more impressive from a vampire.

With little concern for technique or grace I lunged at my prey, planting my lips upon the sweet little rosebud of my sweet sire, and it tasted like some kind of weird, wonderful coppery honey. I began to suckle upon the sweet bud like a babe attached to my mother's nipple, maybe I was being too hard or maybe my technique was all wrong, I mean this was the first time I was performing oral sex on another woman. Turns out Veronica didn't seem to care for the idea.

"You little sneak!!" She wasn't so much angry as she was surprised and actually pretty happy, honestly I think I heard her squee as she lifted the blankets to reveal what I was doing.

She grabbed me by my cheeks, pinching them like an overactive auntie, and brought me to eye level where I could see unbridled joy in her eyes, I thought she'd set me down to let me finish and maybe guide me through the process, but instead I got what passed for a stern lecture.

"Now sweetie, you know I love you and under better circumstances I would consider this a belated mother's day present, which I just love by the way; but you gotta understand there's a hierarchy in this house. A ghoul like you ain't supposed to that to your mistress, you're still technically human, that makes you a submissive; you're not allowed to touch me or the others until you've been turned, you don't want to get in trouble now do you?"

"Oh come on, do you realize how ridiculous that sounds, what is honestly going to happen to me? Are you seriously not going to turn me after everything we've been through?!"

"Well I don't know, but the rules are really important here."

"Even something so small? What is honestly wrong with me making love to my mother? Isn't that the whole point you guys have been working towards, isn't a ghoul supposed to be vampire's slave? Shouldn't you guys want a willing, young girl willing to eat you out?"

"Sweetie, you should know by now that this I dream of this day the moment I got my siring approved, but we can't risk it all now!"

"Risk what? What happened to the free spirit who just wanted nothing more than to ravish me all to herself like some kind of deranged bunny rabbit, the kind in high heels?"

"In the time you've been here I've been anything but a free spirit, you cause me so much damn anxiety you'd think I was your actual mother."

"You don't want to know my mother, she'd remind you too much of your childhood."

"Don't ever joke about that."

"I wasn't joking."

"You never talked about your mom before, you can't seriously expect me it was that bad for you."

"No, but still, I don't want to go back, and I'm tired of having to keep my mouth shut or live in fear or anxiety or whatever. I wanna be free and spend every day with people who love me."

"And you will, but right now you have to remember, you're the ghoul of the house, and I know you're our first but you're still no better than a human slave. Just wait until you get your own fangs, then you can tie me up and suck me dry as long as you want."

"You really mean it?"

"Well maybe not the tying up part, you're still my little girl after all."

"Always with the fucking hierarchy, for Regina's sake you'd think you guys were all Asian!"

"What the heck is that supposed to mean?"

"You wouldn't get it!" I said with a cute little tongue sticking out of my lips.

"Oh yeah! You and your Chinese whispers, I think I prefer to hear Chinese giggles!"

Veronica popped up and grabbed me by the ribs, tickling me in the exact way she knows how to make me laugh, making me bounce uncontrollably on her lap. This was a brief and playful Veronica, not lustful or sadistic, but genuinely sweet and giddy. Or maybe it's me, she was always these things and it was my insecurity that made me see this wonderful, beautiful woman as some kind of monster, now I can revel in the love and affection in this house without inhibition or fear or anxiety; I can honestly say I've never been more happy in my entire life than I am now, here with my sweet mama.

"You know you're real cute when you bounce like that, maybe we should give you something to bounce on!"

"No phahahahhalluses! You I'm gay for a reason, I canahahahahahn't take having something inside me!"

"Don't worry, it'll still be me, you'd be surprised how flexible a vagina and rectum can be. What would you prefer? A hand? A foot? Hell with a little magic I could even grow myself a dick just for you, custom shape and size for your pleasure, maybe sprout some little tentacles and I'll be your living French tickler!"

"Eeewwww, don't put those images in my head!"

"I've told you tales about cannibalism, child rape, mass murder, torture, sadism, demons and this is the shit that creeps you out?!"

Her fingers picked up the tempo as punishment for my penis related squeamishness.

"I hahahhahate tentacle porn! Its like the least erotic organ I can think of!"

"Fine, a French tickler made entirely of tongues!"

"That's slihihihhightly better!"

"Ooh, like a little lollipop, like getting your tasty self licked; would you prefer if lathered you up in lotion or actual cream? Just saying as a vampire you can say goodbye forever to vaginal infection."

"Thahahaahat's just for your benenhihihihhihifit! It's not like I'd get to taste any of that cream."

"You're right, that would be unfair, especially since we can pretty much swallow anything and never worry about getting sick or poisoned or whatever. How about we cover you in KY jelly, just like the professionals use."

"Who the helehhehehehehl wants that? Just keep licking me! Your saliva makes it like my entire body is one giant clitoris!"

"Ooh, such a dirty little girl you are, imagine tonight we'll be a family mother cats giving our special little kitten a full on tongue bath!"

"Why wahahhahahait?! Let's get everyone in here right now!"

"Now now what did I say earlier?! Show some respect for ceremony and tradition!"

"Whahahahat traditions?! I'm literally the first human any of you have sired!"

"Traditions are traditions no matter how old they are!"

Veronica's fingers stopped their dance along my sides and her hands began rubbing the affected areas, and now all I felt was overwhelming and loving warmth from her touch. I fell upon like a wilting flower and fell into her embrace, I lay my head between her breasts and I realize.

"Mine are bigger."

"Yeah but mine don't sag, fatty."

"How can you call yourself a mama when a real baby would probably starve on these things?"

"You're welcome to try nursing from one of the other girls, I bet Farah would just LOVE the idea."

"You never thought about something like that with Regina? Literally suckling from the tit of the woman you call mama?"

"Oh sweetie, you want that all you have to is ask. Regina loves having her breasts played with, if I didn't know better I'd say there was a connection between how turned on she was and how tasty her milk is!"

We stayed together like that for a while, I wished the whole day could be this way but Veronica gave me a pat on the back and together we left our bed and moved towards the bathroom. We found the door locked and knocked to see if whoever was inside would let us join them.

"Go away please! Especially if that is Farah, I need my alone time!" Vanessa needs time away from Farah, it's like the whole world's upside down.

"We're coming in Mama Hen, you do want first dibs on the new chick don't you?"

Mama Hen?

"Oooh, my feathers are all a flutter! Let me see our little baby bird!!"

A bathrobe clad Vanessa, with her hair enclosed in a towel beehive. She embraced me like a giddy little girl embracing a new puppy, enthusiastically sniffing my neck not unlike a curious dog.

"Ohh, she smells just like you, even her veins smell like sweet cinnamon. It reminds me so much of the first time we spent together, just you and me, I want to taste her so badly!"

"Hey! I'm Veronica's ghoul not yours!" What would actually happen if that happened? Some weird kind of vampiric incest?"

"Oh sweetie you are right. I'm so sorry, excitement got the better of me, of course you belong to your mama, we'll have plenty of time for that when you've been fully turned."

"What are you talking about? What will we have time for?"

"Oh sweetie, we didn't want to let you know before, but sometimes when one vampire likes another vampire a whole bunch we like to taste each other's blood." Veronica explained like it was the birds and the bees.

"Yes, the mouth, mind and genitals form the holy trinity of sensuality, don't get me wrong feet, hands, breasts and all the rest are absolutely lovely, but those are from our senses absorb the world around us. The mouth is symbolic of so much of us, of vampires and hedonists and aristocrats and everything else that defines us; and a vampire's relationship with blood, the physical essence of life itself, no different than what Regina taught us to consume, but even more. It is not only the truest essence of what makes us who are, not unlike our eternal souls, our everything is in our blood and it is also how we procreate, it is forever us and what of us we pass to our children."

"Humans are humans no matter what shape or form they take, that goes for vampires."

"And this is why Regina loves you, and now that I see it too. A scholar and a compassionate soul, Regina would be very lonely without you."

Vanessa embraced me into her bosom.

"So you understand, that our mouth is even more important and more intimate as use it to commune both with each other and the rest of universe."

"Doesn't that make you sad, a mouth is for eating, all you'll ever be is something that consumes and dominates whatever you come across, just eating and eating and that's your only relationship with the world?"

"Oh sweetie, a mouth is just as capable of kisses and kindness, you have to always remember it's the choices we make that make the mouth what it is, will you be an ogress with unending hunger or will you be the civilized bard bringing to the world as much joy as you consume?"

"Good gosh, the way you two talk about mouths it's like you two want to have food sex together, while eating a big lunch."

I think I heard jealousy in that outburst.

Vanessa beckoned us to join her in the bathtub, with all three of us naked and soaking in this tub I realize now how big it is, so big that even three of us could sit, legs outstretched, it had more than enough room. This was a custom tub, designed for maybe a dozen or so guests, the entire family couldn't fill it by themselves, I'm guessing this was supposed to be a venue for parties and orgies that invited guests. If these walls could talk, wait a minute I don't need to ask the walls.

"This tub's too big for little old us, in fact I'm sure it's seen a lot of parties in the past."

"Wow, only took you, what? The better part of a week to figure that out?"

"Sugarcane, be nice to your baby, she's going to be the talk of the town soon enough, then she can personally partake in the tub's activities."

"Sugarcane? Mama Hen? What's with the silly nicknames?"

"Well Sugarcane sure is silly sounding, Vanessa can't come up with a good pet name to save her life."

"Oh so cruel, I should call you vinegar from now!"

"You never used these names before now?"

"We only feel the need to use these names when we are especially playful or joyful, besides you never do this with your friends or old family?"

"Actually no, but why 'Mother Hen'? I mean 'Sugarcane' is pretty self-explanatory, but 'Mother Hen'?"

"You haven't noticed my sunny disposition? Admittedly it only started with Veronica, but I intend to welcome all new members of our family with open arms and love as I have the two of you. I mean yes Veronica will be your 'primary' sire, and Regina is the Matriarch, but you're always going find a warm embrace with your dearest and by far favourite auntie Vanessa no matter what."

"Well I guess you are my favourite auntie, by default, since you've been the least horrible to me."

"And you can always count on things to stay that way, I'll love and care for you like you were my own, just as I do Veronica."

But that's always going to be second to Farah.

"And what about Farah and Devana? I doubt becoming a vampire will make me any safer around them."

"Sweetheart, don't worry anymore, those days are behind us, and if not I'll give them an earful. You just wait and see, we all had a talk yesterday with Regina, and after a little chiding from our mama they admit they were wrong to be so cruel to you. Today is all about celebrating you, and they have sworn to Regina herself to make it up to you, so for the rest of today consider them your personal slaves, use them as a footstool if it suits your whims!"

"Footstool? Make them suffer I say, make them lick the dirt off your feet, take a shit and then make them give you a rim job!"

Huh, I know Veronica isn't exactly on good terms with those two, but I really wasn't expecting this level of spite.

"I think I'll be satisfied with not treating me like shit and molesting me without permission."

"Oh sweetie, I normally don't agree with Veronica when she gets in one of these moods, but you really should be more imaginative and adventurous. This is, well 'once in a lifetime' really doesn't cover the scale of how long we're going to be around and how you will never, ever get another chance for those two to be in this position ever again."

"You make it sound like this is some kind of revenge, I thought this was a loving family?"

"It is a loving family, the kind where you tie each other up torture you for entertainment. Speaking of which if you don't make good on this you'll be spending your first days as a vampire in the dungeon, and I'll personally be directing the two of them on the best ways to torture your feet."

"What, why?!"

"Because revenge is a rare and sweet thing, you get an opportunity to take you damn well better take it, any idiot that doesn't to have their brain fixed and proper. So think of it equal parts ironic punishment and medical treatment, we'll even dress up as sexy nurses for the occasion."

"So you're going to punish me by essentially giving those two what they want? Don't you realize that if I do what you want they'll just do that on their own anyway? And what's more aren't you just going to fulfil their wishes anyway, which is to torture me for entertainment?!"

"You need to be reminded what utterly ruthless bitches they can be, and what kind of mother would I be if I didn't properly make sure you learned how cruel the world can be if you let bitches like them off the hook; THE WORLD IS CRUEL AND MERCY IS A WEAKNESS!"

"Uh, are you seriously saying that living in this house I'll still have to deal with bullshit like being tortured and treated like shit even after you turn me?!"

"Oh sweetheart, your mama is just being protective, Farah and Devana and yes some of our houseguests have a cruel streak but deep down it comes from a place of love."

"Hush up, you ain't got the right to say that when you're toes haven't been bitten off!!"

The rest of the bath thankfully went off without further drama, just more joking and nuzzling. I honestly couldn't tell if Veronica was joking or serious or both, I mean I've experienced her psychotically angry but this was much more mellow, even jovial. Was this the dynamic of family life, is getting your toes bitten off something to joke about or is it a serious infraction? I mean, yeah vampires are durable, they keep saying that, but does that mean I'm going to mutilated and dismembered when Farah and Devana get bored? Is it like some kind game of play-revenge? Just when I was starting to feeling good about this 'family' something else pops up to remind me why I was so frightened to begin with.

The three of us retired downstairs to the family lounge, doing something I suppose would relatively normal, watching television. None of us really agreed on what we wanted to watch, trashy dramas and porn with plot on HBO, we all laughed at how insipid the writing of vampires in the media were, thought let's be the honest the ones of HBO are probably the closest to our lifestyle.

I was still naked while Veronica and Vanessa were fully dressed, I asked why I couldn't have nice clothes and beautiful dresses and robes while walking around what was supposed to be my house as well. Some nonsense about having nothing in my size, but then not even a towel or slippers to wrap myself up in, it was obvious that as usual I'm still expected to be the family sex toy.

It was a soothing moment having two beautiful, loving women running their fingers through my hair, cuddling up to me and generally just enjoy having them be gentle for once.

It couldn't stay that way of course, the two of them left the room, saying something about freshening up, I knew what it really meant though. In this house it's not that different from a prison shower, you know what's coming next when the guard leaves. And like on cue Farah and Devana entered the room, the two sat down beside me and I immediately expected the day's torture and degradation to begin, except it didn't.

"We're sorry." Oh god, that sounded like it hurt.

"When Veronica wanted a baby girl of her own none of us really took her seriously, we took her less so when we saw how resistant you were to us. We already started making plans of serving you as tonight's dinner."

"Wow you two sure know how to make a girl feel comfortable."

"But we were wrong, I was right to bring you here, Veronica was right to want you. You have proven you have a place here in our family and in our home and we should honour that."

"So you're not here to rape me?"

"No sweetie, today is your day, and we are here to make it up to you."

"You mean Veronica and Vanessa weren't kidding? You two are actually going to take orders from me? I'm the one in charge and this isn't some cruel joke where I end up in the dungeon unless I actually want it?"

"Well maybe not as far as the dungeon, there are limits after all."

"I don't ever remember you two offering me any limits."

"Well this time there, but don't worry they only apply to your body: no orgasms, no pushing you past your limits and no touching you inappropriately."

"Where the hell did all this come from?"

"Regina has a very special surprise for you tonight, she wants you fresh and at the top of your game, which means we're only allowed to tease you."
