 "What?!" Nikki shrieked. She hated the being an inmate at Napier Hills.

I'm not insane. They can't keep me here any longer. I'll get out. 

Nikki whimpered and pulled her knees up against her chest doing her best to sink into the padded walls of the cell she was trapped in. "You can just give up on me giving up!" She shrieked at the top of her lungs at the doctors. She couldn't see them or hear them but she knew they were there. They enjoyed fucking with her. They knew she was claustrophobic and the combination of the straight jacket and the five by five by five room was positively maddening. She couldn't stand up, she couldn't stretch out, couldn't even lie down properly.

"I can't sleep. That's when they let them in." Nikki crossed her ankles and pushed herself even deeper into the corner of the room. The doctors had some kind of monsters they kept on the lower levels. Things with dripping fangs and inch long claws and prehensile phalluses like pythons. They were never satisfied and they delighted in forcing her into the most degrading sex imaginable. The worst part was they made it feel so fucking good that by the end of the night she was always begging them to stay just a little longer.

She knew it was just her mind playing tricks on her but the room was starting to smell. She couldn't quite place it, but it was like cinnamon and strawberries.

"Goddamnit." She'd only closed her eyes for a moment but in that single blink the walls had changed from fluffy white pillows to red bleeding muscle tissue. The buttons were gone, replaced with bloodshot eyeballs frantically turning every possible direction until the thousand gazes bore down on her. "Stop it." Nikki scampered into the center of the room trying to touch as little as possible. "Let me out! LET ME OUT!" 

In response to her request an enormous mouth gaped open and a tongue, black with purple veins came shooting out to wrap around her throat and drag her screaming into oblivion. That maw swallowed her whole and when it shat her out the other end she was surrounded by a dozen or more gibbering monsters with hungry black eyes. "Don't touch me." She whispered. She knew that even if she'd shouted or screamed it wouldn't have made any difference. If anything these monsters delighted in hearing her cry and beg for mercy.

Two of them snatched pants by the waistband and yanked hard lifting her up off her feet. Nikki was upside down in an instant while the two brutes yanked her up and down eventually turning the snug prison pants inside out and dumping her on her head. 

She couldn't understand the language they were speaking, but she could understand what they wanted perfectly well. Red pupils on black eyes were focused on her crotch so intently she swore she could feel them literally burning her. One of them grabbed the crotch of her plain white underpants and tore it right out. Nikki couldn't quite stifle the moan caused by that bestial show of strength and desire.

The same one that had ripped the crotch out of her underwear hooked its hard clawed fingers into the meat of her buttocks and lifted her up so she was on its shoulders. Nikki squealed with anticipation and then with pleasure as that beast rammed its tongue into her cunt. Her squeals soon gave way to moans in response to that serpentine tongue slithering inside her. It was so thick she felt herself stretching to accept into her and the way it moved, it seemed to search out her sensitive spots and then just grind them till her mind melted away into orgasmic mush. She'd already lost count of how many times she'd come before her other tormentor grew impatient.

The beast gripped her by the hair and yanked Nikki backward. She didn't fall, between the first monster's grip and her thighs clenching down on his skull. She grunted slightly when the back of her head collided with his cock. Thick and hard as a baseball bat, but just like his tongue it was a slithering mass. It wrapped around her throat tight enough that she thought for a moment it would pop her head off but she was spared when her second assailant thrust in his cock into her mouth. The fleshy organ pushed it way past her lips, instantly her jaw ached while it was forced to accept the massive phallus worming its way down her throat. The two combined drove Nikki to the very edge of consciousness. Even as her lungs screamed out oxygen her head began swimming in one more orgasm and then her body went slack.

Nikki wasn't sure how much time had passed but she was back in her cell, back curled up against the corner. Doctor Liam was staring in through the window. "It's usually best to give her a while after the psychotropic drugs have worn out of her system a little before you head in."

I'm not insane. They aren't monsters. Just men. He drugs me. But he doesn't know he can't keep me here any longer. I'll get out.

"She should be tuckered out now. You go have your fun Leroy, I'm going to take Nurse Jackie to my office for some private lessons." The doctor chuckled and so did that harpy, Nurse Jackie. Leroy was silent though. Nikki could hear the couple leave the room and followed by the jingle of keys in her door.

"Hello beautiful." Leroy looked exactly how he sounded. He was black but had that skin condition that left him splotched with patches of white and pink flesh at random locations. He was overweight and he always stank, a vile blend of sweat, Pine-Sol and some kind of cologne that just magnified the funk of the other two. "You ready for our date?" 

Nikki glared up at him angrily but remained silent. There was no point in fighting him and he was the only person who ever took her out of the straight jacket. He said it was because he wanted her to feel free even if it was only for a few moments. It wasn't, it was because he wanted to play with her tits. It was a small price to pay to stretch. "Yes, I'm ready daddy." She canted her head slightly and forced her voice to sound a laced with sugar her soul was with venom.

"Good." Leroy loosened the jacket then pulled it up and over her head. "You know where this goes?" Leroy asked fishing his mottled cock out from his pants and waved it back and forth menacingly. "Do you know where I'm going to put this?"

"Yes daddy, you're gonna put it in my bum." She stretched her arms up over her head then leaned back bending until her knees were along side her skull presenting herself to him. "Please do it." 

Just like that you fool.

Nikki remained perfectly still until he was about to penetrate her then she shifted and drove her heel into his scrotum. He tried to scream but no sound escaped his lips, partially because he lost all his air in a single pained gasp. Partially because Nikki wrapped her legs around his throat in an MMA style choke. Normally she'd feel nauseous with that filthy cur's head between her legs but as she felt him flailing around trying to escape it filled her up with glee. Leroy didn't keep thrashing for very long, soon he was just feebly swatting at her and then he wasn't even doing that. Nikki didn't let up even when he stopped moving all together though, she only rolled on top of him so her full weight bore down on his throat. She didn't stop until he'd gone completely still and then she got up and smiled.

He can't keep me here any longer.

"Oh Doctor, yes, yes, just like that!" Nurse Jackie howled at the top of her lungs. She was clinging to the desk while he fucked her from behind. "Harder!" The desk was already swaying back and forth from the intensity of their coupling. 

Doctor Liam twisted the nurse's hair around his wrist and yanked her head back forcing her into a fierce bruising kiss. "Of course my little whore." Liam growled into her ear. "You love being a nurse don't you? Drugging up those crazy whores and letting anybody have their way with em?"

"Yes, YES, YES!" Jackie screamed back before returning to the brutal kiss that ended with her biting down on his lower lips pulling until he finally winced. "Now don't keep me waiting. We both know what you really want to do to me." She purred.

Doctor Liam slammed her down on the desk and the only thing she did was gasp and throw one leg up onto it. Liam pulled his cock out of her Nurse Jackie's dripping cunt and pushed the head against her puckered asshole. He stayed like that for a breath and then plunged into her in a single stroke.

Jackie's world turned white as pain and pleasure blended together into a cocktail that threatened to drive her as batty as the inmates. She was pushing back against him though as hard as she could, driving him ever deeper into her until it felt like his cock was somewhere in her stomach. "Oh fuck yeas!"

The two were so loud that neither one of them noticed the door to the office open behind them. They didn't see or hear Nikki slip into the room with a broken mop broken into a make shift spear. Nikki wasn't completely sure why but she didn't follow through with her initial plan of seeing if she could drive it straight through both of them in a single go. Nikki's feet were suddenly glued in place, and her free hand wandered between her legs to an immediate ache between her thighs. Liam and Jackie were so focused on each other they didn't hear the slick sound of Nikki furiously grinding her fingers against her clit or the tiny gasps and whimpers she couldn't completely stop from escaping her lips.

"Oh God, I'm gonna, I'm gonna!" Jackie howled like something inhuman as an orgasm rocked through her body. Liam was only a few thrusts behind her and then he was buried to the balls in her rump pumping her full of his semen. "Oh God Doctor. You are fantastic." Then Nikki came and finally they noticed her. "Doctor!"

Liam barely turned around before Nikki jammed the broken mop handle through the bottom of his jaw and into his brain. She yanked it out spraying both her and Jackie's naked bodies with blood. Jackie screamed in horror but didn't even move when Nikki jumped up and drove the wooden weapon through Jackie's back and into the table like a television vampire slayer. Jackie wasn't even dead when Nikki spun around on the balls of her feet and started walking out of the office. She followed the green line painted on the ground to lead her back to the entrance.

Jack ass. I told you couldn't keep me here.

The other inmates were cheering as the blood soaked Nikki skipped past their cells toward freedom. The roar was deafening and Nikki could only smile triumphantly as she threw open the double doors that lead. . .

"What?!" Nikki shrieked. She hated the being an inmate at Napier Hills.

I'm not insane. They can't keep me here any longer. I'll get out.

Nikki whimpered and pulled her knees up against her chest doing her best to sink into the padded walls of the cell she was trapped in.