 What happened to your family, Lucius?

Conversations With A Mage Series - Erotic Horror

CONVERSATIONS WITH A MAGE parallels the CARTER BROTHERS series. Pat DeVallera has retired from the New Orleans Police Department and convinced Lucius Carter and Lucius' wife Astrid to tell him the truth about the magic and supernatural events that surrounded the Carters in the Twentieth Century.

WARNING: THIS EPISODE DESCRIBES ADULTRY, INCEST AND VERY VIOLENT EVENTS. Some magic is not pretty and vampires are not polite enemies.

CHAPTER 4 What Happened To Your Family, Lucius?

* * * * *

Pat wanted to get the stories in some kind of logical order, but the crossing family lines and back stories were making that more difficult. The next thing he decided to ask was 

"What happened to your family, Lucius? Since 'Moon is an Aberdeen I assume her mother..."

"Her mother was my daughter, and her father, John Aberdeen Junior, didn't know that he was my son" the mage replied.

"You... dog!" Pat snapped. "You set that up?"

"No" Lucius tried to speak softly to quell Pat's rage. "I did the best I could once my brothers became vampires."

"What the hell does THAT have to do with... with breeding your own children like a bunch of animals?"

"I didn't 'breed' them. They never knew the truth, at least as far as I know. Most of the thanks, or blame, for that goes to Bly."

"Bly?"

"Bloodmoon Aberdeen, John Senior's wife, a full blooded Lakota Sioux, the daughter of Ruth Big Knife. When she suspected that John couldn't have children she cast the bones with her mother and determined her future lay with another man's seed. Lakota magic is different from ours, mine or Astrid's, so I'm not sure exactly how they determined it, but they decided that I should... uh... HELP Bly give John a son.

"Were you married at the time?" Pat asked.

"Yes. To a precious girl named Yasmine. Mind you, I didn't love Yasmine the same way I loved Elizabeth, but I DID love her, and she loved me, not my family's money. That's more than can be said for a lot of women I knew in my younger days, especially after Liz became a nun." 

He paused, drew a deep breath and continued "Sorry, I digress. The trouble started when my brothers, Aaron and Phinneas went off to Europe. They came back... vampires."

* * * * *

Lucius clutched the bloody bundle to his bare chest as he ran to the plantation house. The infant began to cry again, but there was nothing he could do about it until... Until what? He was defeated. THEY had won. In spite of his power, his knowledge. In spite of his alliances with Ruth, Elizabeth and Scion, THEY had won. In less than an hour he and his daughter would probably be dead.

His legs were giving out as he bent forward to make it up the stairs. He stole a glance at the sun: He had perhaps thirty minutes, maybe forty, before THEY left their graves, where ever those graves were. How long would it take them to get here? Since he had been fooled into inviting them into the house it would offer no protection. His only way out was through the mirror, if he could open the portal.

He slammed the door shut and threw the lock into place. Placing the child on the ancient bed, he began closing the windows, hoping to buy time against the attack he knew was coming. As he put his hand on the east window he heard someone shout his name: "Lucius!" and another, a feminine voice echoed "Lucius!" 

John and Bloodmoon "Bly" Aberdeen came running through the pecan orchard, Bly's white dress billowing behind her as they sprinted. "Let us in, Lu!" John shouted. "We want to help you!" Lucius ran to the door he had just locked and opened it as his friends ran up the steps. Bly never even looked at Lucius as she made a bee-line for the crying baby wrapped in Lucius' shirt. She scooped the child up and tried to comfort her.

John didn't stop to catch his breath before asking "You did it?"

Lucius sat heavily on the bed, put his elbows on his knees and his face in his hands as he said "YES! I found my dying, pregnant wife; what was left of her after my brothers finished with her. She died in my arms! Her last words were 'Cut me!' So I cut her belly open and PULLED MY DAUGHTER OUT! Then I reached back into Yasmine's body and pulled out her heart and then cut off her head so she can never be a vampire! Damn them! Damn them to hell!" He gave in to his crying in huge sobs. John sat next to him and put a hand on his friend's shoulder. 

Lucius cried over Yasmine for several minutes while Bloodmoon sort of danced with the infant in her vain effort to comfort the newborn. Then as he composed himself he suddenly realized that his friends were risking their lives for him and new fear arrived: What about their child?

"Where is John Junior? Is he safe?"

"He's safe with his grandmother, Lu," said John "But you can't beat your brothers. Are you going to...?"

"Go through the mirror?" Lu snapped. "You got a better idea?"

"You can't take the baby through the mirror!" said Bly. "She won't survive. Leave her with us. Ruth will cast her protection over her like she did Junior!"

Lu's eyes met Bly's and without a word she confirmed what he hoped: She would keep their secret as long as she lived, even from John Junior. John Aberdeen Senior would never know that Lucius Carter was the father of the Aberdeen's only child. 

"Her name is Hannah. Raise her well" Lucius said.

Bly placed the baby back on the bed, still crying. "Both of you, get your clothes off!" she ordered and began to unbutton her own clothes.

"What?" said John.

"He needs 'life-magic' to push him through the portal. The only way to do that..." she paused only in her speech as she pulled the dress open, " is to have sex. Get your clothes off, John! Hurry!"

Lucius and John looked at each other then obeyed. Since Lucius had taken off his shirt to wrap Hannah, he finished before John. As Bly kicked off her tap-pants panties she stepped toward her husband and with hands on his shoulders directed him to his knees, his back to the chival mirror. She knelt in front of him.

"John, take me as fast as you can. Lu, as soon as you feel the magic open the portal, go through it!" She began chanting "Ka na ma! Ka na ma! Ka na ma!"

John wrapped his arms around his wife, willing his penis erect as best he could. God, bless them, Lucius though; she's got the easy part and he's doing his best! John and Bly pressed themselves against each other, faces on each others' necks, hands on each others' backs and waists. Somewhere in the effort the magic worked. Lucius felt the other universe touch his bare skin and took a second to kiss his crying daughter, for the first and only time in his life. The portal opened and he stepped into the mirror.

Bly didn't wait for John to satisfy himself. As soon as Lucius was gone she pushed her husband away and jumped to her feet. 

"I love you, John, but the sun is almost gone" she said, picking up Hannah. "Grab the clothes and run. We have to get back to Mamma before the vampires get here! They'll follow the scent of blood." Clutching the crying child to her bare chest she ran out the door, down the steps and into the pecan orchard. 

For an instant John thought that had the situation not been so desperate he would have admired the sight of his naked wife, her hip and leg muscles propelling her so fast that her black hair streamed out behind her as she ran through the gathering dusk. But it was only for an instant: She was right. They were not safe.

Leaving their shoes and under garments where they had fallen, John scooped up his pants and his wife's white dress and sprinted after her, feeling twigs break under his bare feet but paying it no heed. He quickly closed the gap between them as they ran to their home, a place where Aaron and Phinneas Carter had never been invited: A place where Ruth Big Knife's Lakota magic could protect them. As John ran he was sure he heard the flapping of bat wings behind them. He didn't dare to look back.