 Alan Kerns was looking forward to another Friday night at Marty's bar and grill. It was the only night the twenty eight year old bachelor could go out and be with people. Alan worked every day and most week nights at his job at Genexus laboratories as one of the assistant researchers. It left very little time to do social things and even less for any romance.

Being at Marty's was the one night of the week Alan could hang loose and enjoy people or if it was a slow night catch a game on one of the TVs at the bar and have a nice burger.

Once he arrived at the parking lot at Marty's, he found a spot and parked his sea-green Impreza and checked himself over in the rear view menu.

Alan was not ugly by any stretch but he was not overly handsome. He had what most would call plain features. He ran his hand through his brown hair and smiled to inspect his perfect teeth. Creases around his mouth formed as he inspected them for anything in them. One could not impress a lady or a hopeful for a date with something in his teeth, he thought. Satisfied, he closed his mouth and opened the door to get out. He caught a glimpse of his bright blue eyes in the rear view mirror as he got out.

The wind blew over him and Alan felt invigorated as he felt the air pass through his black long sleeve shirt that he wore buttoned up to the collar over a white t shirt. It was a cool fall night. As Alan got to the front of Marty's bar, he saw the Halloween decor on the windows and doors.

"Hmm, Halloween already. Man, have I been in the lab too long," Alan said to himself as he pushed open the door and went in. A cute blonde hostess, maybe nineteen or twenty Alan thought, greeted him as he approached.

"Welcome to Marty's where it's always time to party," the hostess said, repeating the line all the employees recited when someone came in.

Alan just smiled and took in the black cat costume the girl was wearing. It was a simple get up with black skirt, matching satin top with a trifecta of pink paws down the middle. Black fishnets covered most of her hands and went up to her shoulders where they disappeared under the top. They matched the long black stockings and heels. Cute little plastic ears were atop her head, connected to a plastic head band.

"I would like a seat at the bar please, " Alan responded.

"Just you? Okay, follow me please." The girl said, turning and leading him tithe bar then stopping and handing him a menu. "Here you are sir, here is all our drinks and a few appetizers. My name is Holly and just feel free to call me over when you're ready to order."

Alan sat down on one of the comfortable stools and took the menu from Holly. "Thanks, I will" 

He could hear the flat screen television behind the bar already advertising some Halloween movie as he began to peruse the menu. He decided on the usual Corona and an order of nachos. Holly more than happily took his order and the menu and hurried off to the kitchen. Alan didn't miss the opportunity to catch a glance at the girls behind.

He sighed and turned his attention to the television which was a large fifty inch Hisense model. Marty sure didn't skimp on the important things, Alan thought as the movie came back on. Holly promptly came back a short time later with his beer and nachos along with her cheerful smile. Alan thanked her as she put the nachos in front of him on the obsidian counter top and the cold beer on a coaster.

"Here's your order.If you need anything else, I'll be close by. Just let me know." She winked and scampered off to see about any other patrons.

That left Alan alone. Which even though it had been five years since his last date or relationship, he still hasn't gotten used to it. Being alone in the lab was impossible what with everyone milling around him and although he saw plenty of faces, he never really got a chance to actually talk. We'll talk beyond facts and findings and possible breakthroughs anyways.

All the thinking of the lab and loneliness was killing the night for him so he directed his attention to the nachos and beer awaiting him.

Taking several bites of melted cheese filling along with meat, tomato, and jalapeno peppers on tortilla chips then chasing it down with swallows of the Corona bettered his mood. Once he had finished the small appetizer of nachos, he was about to hail Holly down and order another beer when he heard someone sit down beside him.

Alan turned his head to see who it was simply out of curiosity and was blown away by what he saw. 

Sitting on his left was a goddess. Alan had seen several pretty and attractive women in his days, several 7s and 8s, but this one was a definite ten.

Alan found he couldn't take his eyes off her cocoa colored skin, or her lips that were glossed with ruby red lipstick. Her lips were curled in a sultry smile and her emerald green eyes, which were looking directly at him, had a come hither look. 

Alan was took enamored with the long curls of her dark chocolate colored hair or the way her soft and perfectly shaped cheeks to notice she had moved until he heard her speak.

"Why hello there handsome," she said. No her voice was more like the purr of a cat, Alan's mind decided. She reached out and waved her perfectly manicured fingers in front of his face. Her nails were the same ad her lips. 

"See something you like?" Her eyebrow raised.

Alan finally realized he was staring and snapped out of his daze. "Oh, um..yes. Sorry. Didn't mean to be rude or weird but you're very beautiful," he commented bashfully. Alan cursed mentally in embarrassment. Gee, nice going Alan, he thought.

The woman giggled at him. It was sort of a cute giggle not the kind that women usually would use. She smiled warmly which soothed Alan's growing anxiety.

"That's very sweet of you to say." She said, her voice still that soft purr. "I'm Evanee. I'm new in town. What's your name, stud?" Her eyes looked directly into Alan's as if reading his soul. Her features never left that soft, warm look however.

"A..Alan," he stuttered. Why had he done that? Why couldn't he be cool? He offered her his hand. "Nice to meet you, Evanee." Did she just call him "stud"?

Evanee smiled and took his hand with hers, which was smaller, yet seemly as strong, and shook it. "Nice to meet you, Alan. Say you look like you're a regular here. What would you recommend a girl like me order?" Her eyes looked at him as if sizing him up with the question. Alan felt he was being judged somehow though her posture nor her expression was hostile.

"Well they have cocktails and other drinks here for someone ladylike such as your self," he replied and instantly regretted.

Evanee giggled again and it only made him feel even more foolish. Then her lips curled into that smile again and before Alan could say a word, she had reached over and took his beer from his hand.

Without a word she put the bottle to her lips and turned it up, draining what was left in one long swallow before putting it on the coaster and licking her lips.

"Damn, I guess you prefer beer," Alan looked at her perplexed by her actions.

Evanee smiled wider. "Oh, I like a lot of things." She ran her nails along his forearm and flashed her eyes at him. "Like you."

Alan felt his lions twitch in his blue jeans and gulped. No one he had ever met had acted like she was now. Usually he had to flirt and have more than a few drinks to get the girl to admit such things.

"Me?"

"Yes you." She replied, her nails gently running up his arm. 

The hairs on his arm stood up and goosebumps ran up his flesh. He smiled but could not suppress the shiver that came from her touch.

It was then when he was able to look away from those seemingly glowing eyes did he notice she was wearing a rouge short sleeve top held in place by a earthly brown leather corset. He eyes followed the curve of her body and discovered the same soft rouge colored material made up her form fitting pants. They seemed to be perfectly tailored to her form. Black knee high boots terminating in a long pointed heel rested at the bottom of the stool that she occupied.

Alan did not get to look long as his chin was raised up by one of her painted fingers and he soon found himself looking into her eyes. Almost drowning in them.

"Like my outfit? I bet you'd like me better out of it wouldn't you?" She teased coyly.

Alan gulped, feeling desire rise in him again. He didn't want to seem rude but also not a prude either so he answered carefully. "Well..I am sure you're quite lovely underneath that."

Evanee let out a laugh that rolled over Alan like a roll of finest silk. Her finger trailed away from his chin only to reach down and take his hand firmly. "Lets you and I go somewhere where we can get to know one another better. Hmm?"

Before Alan could think of an answer or to object, he was on his feet and moving toward the door with Evanee leading him by the hand. Only the thud of her boots upon the polished wood floor seemed to resonate in his mind. 

Alan was suddenly aware that the two of them were alone together in the parking lot. The sound of cars rushing by on the nearby street seemed distant as he was face to face with the strange but very attractive woman.

"What exactly do you mean? Are you wanting to go to my place?" Alan managed to ask, still somewhat caught up on the suddenness of it all. He noticed her eyes gleamed ever brighter in the dark night that seemed to surround them.

"Oh not exactly."

Alan was quite confused by her cryptic answer. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up as if warning him of something. But what?

"Well what then?" He asked, not understanding her meaning. Alan had to strain to see her in the dark but still felt she was close and gripping his hand. In fact, her grip seemed almost viselike. " A motel then?"

"Just that I want to go somewhere with you," she leaned in and whispered into his ear. She smiled and sharp, white teeth shone. Evanee purred in his ear, feeling the warmth of his body against hers.

"What does that mean?" Alan asked, now growing a bit worried. Before he could say or move, he felt Evanee's arm wrap around him and pull him tightly to her. Alan could feel the leather of her corset through his shirt.

"Don't worry. I've got you now." Evanee whispered. 

Alan was aware of a faint rustling sound like cloth or something being unraveled. Then he felt his feet were no longer touching the ground. In fact, he felt as if he was rising up very quickly.

Alan managed to look down with his eyes and what he saw made him panic. The streets, lights, and even Marty's was far below him. Alan screamed as he realized the air rushing over him was getting colder as he ascended, trapped in Evanee's embrace.

When she leaned back and looked him in the face, he saw what looked like large leathery, bat like wings flapped effortlessly behind her. Even more troubling was that her eyes seemed to glow with a more hellish green and her teeth had elongated to sharp, pointed fangs. The arm that he had felt around him was in actuality a duo of tail like tendrils wrapped around him that came somewhere from her lower back.

Alan screamed in terror as the moon came out finally and bathed them both in its ghostly light. He panicked as he lost his nerve. Cruel, wicked laughter came from Evanee's lips as she held her prey aloft high above ground. She reveled in the man's horror and fear and found the situation romantic. She silenced him with a rough, smothering kiss of lust. Her wings flapped soundlessly as she held her helpless, squirming victim. Her arms wrapped around his shoulders, mimicking a lover's embrace as her tongue forced its way into his mouth.

Alan struggled to breath as his mouth was invaded. His heart was hammering in his chest as he did what he could to draw air through his nose. He felt dizzy from the height he was at.

When Evanee broke the kiss finally, Alan was gasping for breath. She smiled and ignored his struggle, instead running her tongue up the length of his jaw and over his cheek. "Mmm my you are tasty."

Her words coupled with being so high up made him queasy and sapped some of his fighting strength. He pleaded. "Please..just let me go." 

Evanee made a disapproving noise and shook her head. "Oh no. You're coming home with me." She dove down through the air then leveled off, soaring high above city buildings and people below. Her form glided like a dark silhouette in the night.

They soon passed beyond the city and we're going over area filled with hills and covered in trees as far as one could see. Evanee's eyes searched the sea of blackened treetops until she found the familiar cave opening in the side of a hill that served as her home.

Alan screamed once more as they dove down through the night canopy and down into the earth. The next thing he knew, he was dropped rather roughly onto The hard, rocky, dirty floor of a cave. 

Alan scrambled on his hands and knees, ignoring the scrapes and cuts he was inflicting upon himself as he went toward where he saw light coming from the opening. His survival instincts kicked in and he desperately wanted out and away from the strange woman. 

The dim light of the moon seemed to call out to him as he got closer and closer to the cave entrance. Alan could taste freedom he was so close. Almost there. Just a few more feet and he would be out.

Alan was stopped in his tracks by a sudden growing pressure over his groin. When he looked down he saw Evanee's hand hand snaked up from behind through his legs and was now squeezing like a vise. Alan groaned as he was paralyzed.

"Now now, can't have you getting away," Evanee's voice came from behind. "You haven't begun serving me yet." Her hand released his crotch at the same time her other hand grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked Alan's head back and forced him down onto his knees.

Alan gasped as a hand grabbed his chin and forced his head up. His eyes rolled back to look up at Evanee whose lovely face taunted him as she continued to torment him. Her clothes had seemingly disappeared, Alan guessed while they had been in the air, and her saw her perfect C cup breasts and her darkened nipples. He moaned as her hands suddenly let go.

Evanee moved with inhuman grace and speed to stand in front of him. Her tails shot out and curled around the man's throat and yanked his head between her legs.

Alan got barely a breath before his mouth was forced against her pussy lips. He protested but all that came out was muffled sounds as the she creature began to grind and rock against his face. He did his best to not breath in or taste her juices though the increasing lack of air made it difficult.

"Ohhh yessss!" Evanee moaned in delight against his face. It had been so long- too long- since she had a mortal pleasure her. Husky, heated moans echoed through the cave as she rolled her hips slowly. The human's tongue felt so unbelievably good inside her. Needing more, she reached down with her left hand and pushed Alan's face deeper against her now dripping hole.

Alan squirmed but to no avail as he was suffocated by the monster woman's vagina. His terrified mind could come to no other conclusion. Alan choked and sputtered as his tongue was forced deeper between her slick walls. Cold sweat ran down his neck and back at the thought of what ingesting her juices would do to him. His thoughts were frantic as he could not concentrate clearly enough to think of a way out. He reached up and pushed against Evanee's thighs to try and pull away but her hold on him was impossibly strong.

Evanee's eyes became half lidded as she let the pleasure from the struggling mans tongue bring her closer to climax. She shuddered in wicked glee as the human's muffled cries reverberated between her legs. "Ohhhh..M..moree!"

Alan gasped for breath but only pulled more of her juices into his mouth which made him choke when he was forced to swallow. Her musky scent was heady and cloying as it filled his nostrils. He was feeling dizzy and light headed again. His struggling weakened as he fought for air only to inadvertently bring her pleasure. He could feel his lungs begin to burn and knew if he didn't get oxygen soon he would pass out.

Evanee let out long moans of bliss, bucking and grinding more forcefully against his face.His tongue flicked so wonderfully fast against her wet bead and made her body tremble in ecstasy. She was so close. Justin little more. She tightened her tails hold on the human's throat. His struggling had brought her so much joy. She just had to have more.

Alan choked and writhed helplessly as the tendrils around his throat tightened, denying him what little air there was. His body felt heavy and his throat was sore. His mind and body felt fuzzy. He wheezed, trying desperately to stay conscious but it was no use. His eyes felt heavy as his oxygen deprived system was slowly succumbing. He held out for a few moments before his eyes shut and darkness took him.

When he awoke Alan noticed his face was wet and sticky. His throat was sore and when his mouth opened to scream only a hoarse wheeze came out. He was on his back, which was sore, and his hands and knees stung from abrasions.

Evanee's emerald orbs filled his vision. At first he thought she was leaning over him but then the weight of her body became evident. Her long red nails ran down his chest which he discovered was bereft of his shirt.

"Uhnnn!" Alan groaned.

"Oh good. You're still alive." Evanee pouted. "Here I was worried that I broke my new toy."

Alan shuddered in revulsion. "Please..no more." He begged, though in his heart he knew she would most likely not relent.

"Awww. But I like playing with you," Evanee whined. Her face twisted into a wicked grin full of razor sharp teeth. Her hands raked down his vulnerable flesh all the way down to his waist where she proceeded to slide down his legs, shredding his pants with her ruby talons. Alan wheezed and squirmed but he was too weak to put up much resistance. Once his underwear and pants were both rags, she pounced upon his exposed lap, her still glistening sex descending upon his soft member.

Alan groaned in pain as he tried to sit up but this action only resulted in Evanee shoving him down roughly to the rock floor, scraping and cutting his back anew. Alan winced and moaned in pain, oblivious to the motion of her hips on his.

"You resist now, my toy. But you will soon revel in what pleasures I take from you." Evanee ground down against him, rocking her hips gradually picking up in rhythm. Her walls felt like the softest velvet glove around his soft member. Alan was too repulsed to enjoy but his body did not share his inhibitions. He could feel his prick steadily hardening as he was squeezed, pulled, and caressed inside her walls.

Evanee's head fell back in triumphant laughter feeling is body betray him and grow aroused from her actions. "Poor toy. Don't fight it. Enjoy and you will feel pleasure as I do."

"No!"

Alan's head snapped to the side as the back of her hand cracked against the side of his head. Stars floated in front of his eyelids and his head swam from the impact.

"Tsk.tsk. Never tell me no, toy." Evanee scolded him. She gripped his chin hard and forced him to look at her. Her hips rocked harder, pushing down to the base of his cock, swallowing the whole of his manhood inside.

"Mm.. Just give up, toy. The only choice you have is to submit." Evanee purred, gripping his chin between his fingers, leaning over and sealing her mouth to his in a hard kiss." Mmmm."

"Mmmmphh!" Alan winced, and tensed. Tears streamed down his cheeks. Why was this happening to him? He wiggled uselessly as he did his best to harden his resistance to her bodily temptations.

Evanee let out a howl of pleasure, driving herself down hard upon her toy's cock, reveling in the sweet torture she was putting him through. She could see the struggle to resist on his face though she could feel he would soon lose as he throbbed within her.
