 I woke up, feeling warm, satiated and content. As I rolled over I reached out for her - and found nothing, just an empty place in the bed. I screamed from pit of my stomach and hurled myself from the bed.

"Jesus Christ, Paul!" Annie yelled, dashing in from the bathroom, "What the fu..." She saw me, standing shaking against the wall. My heart was pounding and I was covered in cold sweat. As she watched my knees gave way and I sank to the floor.

"Oh my God, Paul, what's the matter?" Annie leapt to me and cradled me in her arms, my head resting on her breasts as I sobbed the sobs of a terrified child. Slowly I calmed down.

"It's alright." I said shakily, "It was just a nightmare."

Annie chuckled. "Thank goodness for that, lover. You gave me a scare though."

"You and me both! Sorry!"

"Come back to bed, you're freezing cold and shivering."

I climbed back into the bed and Annie drew the covers over us before wrapping me in her arms and legs. I breathed in the perfume of her body. So warm and comforting, so different from... I quickly shied away from that thought, as my heart raced again.

"You're tensing up again, what is it gorgeous?"

"Just a memory of the nightmare." Nightmare? Hah! I only wished it was. I had spent a long, long, time walling those memories away and still they had burst out. It was not something that I wanted to share with Annie either. We were in love, but my story would strain anyone's love and credulity. I still tried not to believe it for God's sake! I settled down with Annie again. I didn't go back to sleep at once. Instead I kept my mind firmly on Annie, remembering when we had met and what had brought us here.

I had decided to go out for a drink that summer's evening. I didn't do that often because recently I'd taken to a solitary life, but that night I wanted to be around people. So, there I was, sitting in a relatively quiet Pub, looking at my distorted reflection in the side of my soft drink when I saw a woman making her away towards me. She was short, a bit plump but curvy with it, had mousy hair and when she got closer I saw that her eyes were a brilliant green. 'Contacts' I thought, but I was wrong about that.

"May I sit here?"

I rose to my feet. "Yes, certainly. My name is Paul, by the way."

"I'm Annie. I haven't seen you here before, are you waiting for someone?"

"No, I'm all alone." This said a bit more bitterly than I'd intended.

"Sorry to hear that. Tell you what, I'll talk to you and make you feel less alone."

That made me laugh, although I was dreading that what she meant was that she'd chatter non-stop at me. I was to be pleasantly surprised, however. Instead of inane chatter we had a good conversation and I found that enjoyed her company. At closing time I drove her home and saw her to her front door. As she left the car, she kissed me, but I was glad she didn't invite me in, I wasn't ready to deal with intimacy. However, we'd exchanged 'phone numbers and agreed to call.

We met a few times more and then went out to dinner together. Afterwards, when I drove her home she invited me in for coffee and I accepted, gratefully. We actually did have coffee, but when it became obvious that she wanted me to stay the night I found that I couldn't.

"Look Annie, I've got to go. I can't stay with you tonight."

"Don't you like me?"

"It's not that at all. Look, all I can say now is that I've been through a truly traumatic relationship; no, please don't ask me to explain it yet, I'm still trying to deal with it and I'm just not ready for this yet. But, please, please, don't give up on me yet; just be patient with me and give me a some time." By the time I'd finished speaking I was pale and shaking.

A look of deep compassion crossed her face, she came to me, reached up, and patted my cheek. "Don't worry about me giving up on you Paul, I have absolutely no intention of doing that."

"Thanks, Annie. Thank you so very much. I'll explain it all to you, once I can." I hugged her tight and left. It took me a few minutes just sitting in the car to get myself calmed down to the point I felt I could drive safely.

We continued to see each other over the next few weeks. It became obvious that we were falling in love- I missed her like crazy when we were apart. We phoned each other every day and talked for hours in the evenings. I took Annie to the theatre and after the show invited her back to my place.

"I'd like to Paul, but I want you to understand that if I come back with you, I'm not leaving until the morning at the earliest."

"I know that. And I don't want you to leave, I want to spend the night, hell the rest of my life I reckon, with you."

"Do you really mean that?"

I grinned at her, "Which bit?"

Annie laughed. "Both bits, idiot!"

I nodded. "Yup, I'm being pretty serious about this. But please, Annie, I still need your patience, this is a big step for me right now. I want to, I want you, but I'm still scared and I still can't explain why."

"I won't say I understand, I don't. But I will say this; we'll work this through Paul, whatever it takes - I love you."

I tried to stop my voice shaking "Love you too, so very much." 

In the car Annie started to chuckle. 

"What is it, Annie?"

"Actually I was thinking that I hope it is hard for you, in one way at least."

That made me chuckle too. "Hard for you, is more near the point, don't you think?"

"There is that." Her hand squeezed my thigh.

I locked the front door of my flat.

"Where's the bathroom?"

"Second door on the right."

After a few minutes she came back into the living room.

"Do you want anything?" I asked, waving my hand in the general direction of my kitchenette.

"Yes. I want you in bed with me, right now."

"O.k. This way." I took her hand and led her to the door and pushed it open. "Can I use the bathroom first, though."

"Go right ahead, it's your flat after all. You're not going to get cold feet again are you?."

I turned her in my arms and lifted her face so that I could look right into her eyes. "Annie, I have no intention of that. I want this, you, so much; it's just that ..." I spun on my heel and went into the bathroom.

I 'performed my toilette' then took a good look at myself in the mirror. 'Right,' I told my reflection, ' the past is over and done with. This is a new place, a new town, this is now, this is Annie. You both want each other, you know you can't keep your hands off her. Keep calm and her love will keep the memories at bay. You can do this - and enjoy it."

As soon as I entered the bedroom Annie came up to me and we started to undress each other. Within a minute I was naked and she was down to her underwear. I knelt before he and removed her bra. Her breasts were moderately large and somewhat saggy - not that that mattered in the least. I took one nipple into my mouth and sucked on it whilst rubbing the other with my hand.

Annie groaned and her legs trembled slightly. "Keep doing that and I'll cum. But not tonight, I want my first cum with you when you're inside me."

I nodded, then kissed my way down to her knickers. I hooked my hands under the sides and pulled them down, following with my mouth until I was kissing her already wet pussy. Her hands drew me away.

"Not this time." She did a nude twirl A shy note entered her voice. "What do you think of me?" 

"Nice. There's enough of you to hold, know what I mean?"

"You say the nicest things, Paul."

So saying Annie moved to the bed, drew down the covers and lay down; legs open, knees bent. She opened her arms and looked up at me.

"I want you right now."

I climbed onto the bed and between her legs. Her hand snaked down and grasped my hard cock, stroking it gently a few times.

"He's so beautiful. I want him in me this minute." So saying I was guided to her lips.

As I thrust into her Annie's hips rose to meet me. It was wonderful. I felt peaceful and immensely excited all at once.

Annie was kissing my neck. "What's this plaster here for? Did you cut yourself shaving?" she mumbled.

I tensed momentarily before resolutely ignoring where that led. "Something like that."

I didn't last long. It was too good for that, but Annie kept pace with me and though I came first, she was a close second; both of us shouting out our joy in our serial climaxes. Afterwards, once I'd slipped from her body we lay in each other's arms and went to sleep. Remembering the joy I'd had with Annie I finally did doze off.

The alarm rang. 

"Damn! I gotta go. Will you be o.k. Paul? You still look shaken. You should ring in sick and take the day off."

I watched as Annie bustled around into the bathroom and back out, breasts bouncing, ass swaying. I watched her putting her clothes on. Even though she didn't mean it to be her reverse strip-tease was sexy - or I thought so anyway.

"No, I'm fine. I'd rather work. Say, can you make it over tonight as well?"

"Sorry, Sugar. I'm away on business for three days. I'll call you tonight and I'll be straight over as soon as I get back. Gotta go, bye."

So saying Annie was out of the door and away. I missed her dreadfully for the next two days, but we did keep in touch by phone. She kept her promise too and we started to spend nights together. Annie kept remarking about the plaster on my neck and I kept fobbing her off. However, my 'nightmare' recurred about two weeks later, and again the next week ...

"Paul!" Annie said, once she had got me calmed down a bit and back in bed and I'd stopped shaking. "This can't go on. You must tell me, or someone, about whatever it is that's upsetting you so! You may need counselling, or therapy. It also scares the hell outta me every time. What is it?"

I drew a shuddering breath. "O.k. Annie. I'll tell you. You have got to promise me something though. I want you to hear me all the way through without interruption and without judgement. I will be totally honest about this. I'll tell it all to you Parts will seem fantastic, parts horrific, some maybe hurtful. But perhaps if I tell it all, every last thing, you will understand."

"Paul, I won't judge you - ever. I know you are a good man."

"Thanks. But don't make promises you may not be able to keep. Just let me tell the whole story. "

Annie nodded, looking very serious.

I sat up in bed. Staring straight ahead at nothing I started to tell the tale. Trying to distance myself from the telling of it.

"It all began about two and a half years ago. I'd been on my own for a while and I wanted some pussy. And I wasn't going to be too fussy about it either. I decided to visit a newly opened night-club in the town, one specially for people in their 30s to early 40s. I paid the entrance fee and went in. One look was enough. It was too noisy, too crowded and too smoky. I went straight back out again. The girl at the desk said 'You don't get no refunds y'know'.

'Gee, I'd never have guessed!'

Outside I strolled off into the night, cross with myself for even thinking that this had ever been a good idea. I'd just turned down a side-street when I heard a scream. I must have been crosser than I thought, because I ran towards the sound - normally I'm not brave at all - and as I came round a slight bend in the street a saw, under a street-lamp, a group of three yobs starting to flee from a woman. 'Hey!' I yelled, picking up my pace. The yobs had taken to their heels, one dropping a knife as he did so, whilst the woman seemed to shrink in on herself and slide down the lamp-post to the ground. I reached her, scooping up the knife as I did so. One yob looked back and I brandished the knife, pretending to throw it at him. It was enough to make him put is head down and bolt for it. I turned to the woman. 'You alright?' For a moment I could have sworn she looked angry, but I guess that was a trick of the light.

'Yes. They did me no harm and they didn't steal anything.'

I extended my arm and she took my hand, her long, cool, fingers in my palm, grip surprisingly strong. I helped her up. On her feet she was almost my height and slim. Despite the distorting effect of the Sodium street lighting, it was obvious that she had pale skin and very dark hair. For some strange reason, I found her very alluring, attractive, and sexy. I helped her brush her long coat down.

'Is there anything else I can do for you, Miss?'

'My name is Eveline, call me Lynn, and yours?'

'Paul. Pleased to meet you, though I'd have preferred under other circumstances."

A silvery laugh. 'Yes. And there is something else you can do, take me home please.'

'Certainly. May I know your address.'

Lynn smiled. 'No. I meant take me to your home.'

'Ah, I see.' I will admit that I was startled. The air between us was charged with a sexual electricity. I could hardly believe that I was going to score with this beauty. 'Pussy hunt successful, I think' I thought to myself. I walked her to my car and drove her to my flat.

I let us in and turned on the light. Eveline flinched slightly.

'Sorry, it's a bit bright.' I turned the light down with the dimmer.

Looking at her under the light I could see that my initial guesses had been quite accurate. She had jet black hair, eyes as dark as sloe and very pale skin that seemed to glow from within. I felt my desire for her grow. I wanted her badly and my cock was half-hard.

'May I take your coat, Lynn.'

'Not just yet, where is the bedroom?' 

I must have looked blank. 

'You do want to fuck me, don't you Paul?'

'Definitely! That door there.'

Eveline glided across the floor and went into the bedroom and I followed eagerly. Once inside, she stood with her back to me and I heard her unbutton her coat. 

'Take my coat, Paul.'

I did so, slipping it from her shoulders. As I did so, I gasped. Eveline was revealed as wearing just a bra, thong and knee length boots. As my eyes travelled down her body I could see the flawless perfection of her pale skin, the thong strap rising between two perfect firm buttocks and the long slender legs disappearing into the boots. She turned round, revealing her small, high, breasts that obviously needed no support from the bra.

'Do you like what you see?'

'Very much.' I croaked, then cleared my throat. 'At the risk of telling you something you already know, you are very beautiful, not just pretty, beautiful, and I want you, badly.'

'Kiss me.' I did and she returned the kiss with equal ardour, our tongues entwining in each other's mouths, her breath cool in my face, while my hands roamed over her back and down to squeeze those firm buttocks.

"Remove my bra." I needed no urging. I had already seen the nipples straining against the material and now that her breasts were fully revealed, they did not disappoint. High, round and firm, the perfect handful, nipples almost the size of the top joint of my little finger jutted forward proudly, begging to be sucked. I took one into my mouth and started to suck it, gently at first, then harder as Eveline sighed. She grasped my head and crushed me to her with startling force. I opened my mouth and sucked her whole breast in, teasing it with my tongue, then, when she let up the pressure I transferred my attention to the other breast.

When I came up for air she firmly pushed me away a bit.

"Wait."

She sat on the bed and removed her boots revealing shapely calves and small elegant feet. Then she removed her thong. Her pussy was completely hairless. Smiling, she stood and turned round, almost seeming to float above the floor.

'You are incredible!' I breathed. I think that I was already totally infatuated with her.

Eveline sat back on the bed, one leg stretched out, the other raised and supporting her elbow. She rested her head in her hand and looked at me with an appraising air. I just stared at her. She was so incredibly beautiful. Perfect body, glowing skin, I could scarcely believe she could exist. Her open legs giving me a glimpse of her inner lips which were almost blood-red in colour, contrasting oddly with the pallor of the rest of her skin.

'Take your clothes off.'

I hastened to obey, concentrating to make sure that I didn't tangle or knot anything. I couldn't possibly compete with the elegance of her disrobing, but I did want to try not to seem a clumsy fool in front of her. I succeeded in not making an exhibition of myself and stood before her, my cock standing to attention.

'Hmmm. You'll do" Her eyes roamed up my body. Suddenly she flinched and turned her head away. "Take that cross off. I don't want to be banged by it while you're banging me!"

I hastened to comply.

A nod. 'Make love with me."

She laughed her silvery laugh as I practically leapt onto the bed to do her bidding - which was what I wanted to do anyway. I kissed her face, neck, hands and arms, her skin cool beneath my lips as she slithered down onto the bed. I kissed and suckled her breasts again, then kissed my way down to her pussy, over it and onto her inner thighs. I kissed my way up them until my lips were brushing against her velvety smooth, hairless pussy as I moved from thigh to thigh. By now her legs and belly were contracting rhythmically, the muscles coming into sharp focus as they tensed. I moved in and ran my tongue up between her lips to lap up some of the juices that were now flowing freely. To my surprise they had neither odour nor flavour that I could detect. My tongue moved up to her clitoris and I began to flick it: up, down, left, right, then back down to her pussy where I pushed my tongue into her as far as I could. The contractions of her muscles grew in intensity, her back arched; she lifted her whole ass off the bed and howled as she came - an almost inhuman sound - her muscles clenching and relaxing spastically. Slowly her movements died away. She relaxed for a moment, then gripped me beneath the shoulders and without apparent effort dragged me up the bed, turning me onto my back at the same time. Before I had hardly had time to register this display of strength, she had slid down my body and taken my cock in her hands. She stroked it a few times, her thumb gently brushing over the top, then lowered her mouth towards it, her tongue snaking out to lick the tip of my glans where it poked through the foreskin. I sighed with pleasure. Making sure I could see her every move, she withdrew the foreskin, her cool breath sending tingles from my cock-head up to the base of my dick, then she slowly engulfed me with her mouth. Holding the base of my prick with one hand, the other cupping my balls she started to move up and down on me like she meant business. My sighs became moans, I could feel me body tensing, my back started to arch off the bed, I was getting close when a sudden pressure at the base of my cock erased my arousal and I fell back onto the bed. Eveline moved up my body and guided me into her. Like her skin, her pussy was cool. She started to ride me, slowly building up both pace and depth. She leant forwards so that her nipples brushed up and down my chest with her movements, with every sweep of her nipples a jolt of electricity surged into my brain. Her hands were gripping my shoulders and as she got closer to her orgasm and I to mine her grip grew ever stronger. She leant deeper onto me, her breasts now crushed against my chest as she started to kiss and nibble my neck. I gripped her buttocks and started to pound into her from below. We came together yelling with the release. As my orgasm died away a terrific lethargy swept over me. Just before sleep claimed me I managed to mumble my thanks and tell her she was wonderful.

I awoke the next day with the dawn light streaming through the open curtains and window. Eveline wasn't there. There was a note on the pillow it said: 'Sorry I had to fly. Really enjoyed last night. Thanks for all you've given me. P.S. I'll see you around. E'
