 "No, not tonight, honey, I'm tired."

I gave a slight groan. It had been a while since my wife and I had made love. A long fucking while. It was amazing to me how fast lingerie and wild sex had turned into sweatpants and laundry night after we tied the knot. I didn't remember that little clause being in our vows. Now, it wasn't that I didn't appreciate what Tara did, but I would have gladly done all the laundry and cleaning in the world to get back the sex life we had.

I could have understood if I'd given up caring about myself or her, but I treated her like a princess, and frankly I'm in pretty decent condition too. I admit I'm not the chiseled specimen I was in college, but with the exception of small love handles, I had retained my size and muscular form. Frankly, having experienced all the sex I could handle when I was single, I was painfully dismayed sudden drop in action. As far as I thought, it should have been at least as good, if not better. It might not have been so bad, but Tara didn't like me watching porn either, so I pretty much only had fading memories of what sex was like to jack off to.

"Please, babe...it's been like a month!" I pleaded. I hated to sound like I was a whiny bitch, and I knew I did, but dignity was hardly worth holding onto if I wasn't getting any pussy. The last time we had sex was on our two year anniversary, and it had been a long-ass time before that too. Even on the rare occasions it happened, it was mechanical, I did the work, and she usually climaxed, but just laid there for the most part.

"No, I told you, I'm too tired."

"For fuck's sake, Tara! You don't have a job, and I know you take care of the house, but...aw, damn it..." She had started crying. She always cried when it came to this.

"You know I can't help it, Chris! My sex drive is just low right now!" I sighed. It always came down to the sex drive. And to some extent, she was right. How the hell do you blame a hormone? I had at one point thought that she was just making it up and having an affair, but no. A long and expensive investigation had proven she wasn't fucking anyone else. I had felt a little better, but still the problem remained.

"I'm sorry, babe...I'm not mad, just frustrated." I kissed her forehead and rolled over, reaching down to take care of myself...again. But it was no replacement for a good fuck.

The next morning, I rolled out of bed. Tara was still asleep, she usually was when I left for work. I ate a bowl of cereal slowly, still bothered by last night. What the hell was I going to do? I went out the door, still pondering the question.

I felt like hell driving to work. I couldn't even convince myself there was any point. Yeah, of course the mortgage needed to be paid and bills and the typical mundane bullshit, but it didn't seem to mean anything next to my current problem. What was the point of building a life where I was powerless in one of the most important areas of it? But to work I went anyway, same old, same old.

I came home around six, and Tara had a great pot roast dinner on the table. I greeted her with a long kiss, lingering a bit longer than one might for a simple hello kiss. I was hoping to lay some groundwork for that night. I complimented her on her cooking several times (disregarding my desire for pussy, that was actually a very real compliment), and helped clean up after. When I sat on the couch with her, she cuddled up to me. I told her to go ahead and pick something to watch (giving up the fight I wanted to see), and we watched some chick movie. It was getting to be about eleven when the movie ended, and, feeling pretty sure I had done everything right, I went to the bedroom to get ready. She came in and took off her shirt and bra, then stood at the closet, looking for a shirt to put on for bed. I had taken off my shirt and pants already, and pressed my bare chest against her back, feeling her soft, warm skin against mine. I wrapped my hands around her waist and kissed her neck softly.

"I think you look pretty good right now, babe," I whispered in her ear. She giggled and kissed me back. Oh yeah, I was in. I slid my hands down her waist and into her unzipped jeans, feeling the soft hair of her pussy. She stiffened and pulled away slightly.

"What are you doing?" she asked, an uncertain tone to her voice. I froze. I felt like she had slapped me and like I wanted to throw up all at once. I felt miserable and pissed off beyond belief.

"Wha...What am I doing?" I near shouted. "What do you think I'm doing?! I'm trying to have sex with my wife, like normal fucking man!" my voice kept getting louder, "Like a man who has some respect in his own damn house and who has a wife who gives a damn about his needs too! FUCK!" I roared the last word. Tara was in tears by now, but I was so pissed by then I couldn't even register it. I grabbed my pants and shirt and got dressed, then grabbed my coat and started walking away.

"Where are you going?" Tara cried out through her tears.

"I don't know. Somewhere, nowhere, I just have to get some fresh air," I muttered, and stormed out of the house.

I got into my car and drove away, rolling the windows down and letting the cool night air clear my head. I had fucked up, I knew it, but sometimes a man can only take so much. What the hell kind of question was that anyway? What did she think I was doing? That was a question some fifteen year old kid asks her boyfriend when he's trying to move from making out to fucking, not something a wife asks her husband. I drove somewhat aimlessly, but still knew where I was. I was crossing over into the seedy part of town. It wasn't so much the ghetto, but it was pretty predominantly occupied by college kids and stoners, not that there was usually a difference. A bunch of those shops selling incense and new age bullshit lined the streets. I was pretty alone, after all, it was damn near midnight on a Tuesday, so not a lot going on.

I passed the occasional street hooker. Hollywood had a way of making it seem that all hookers were hot, but believe me that isn't the case at all. Mind you, these weren't three-hundred dollar an hour escorts, these were blow-you-for-fifteen-fuck-you-for-thirty hookers. Mostly crack-whores, but I did see a pretty good looking girl. My mind wandered for a moment, but I sure as hell didn't want to risk getting busted, much less getting VD.

I figured it was time to head home, and I took a few side streets to get back to the main stretch. On one of the streets was a shop that was still open. Weird, I thought, but maybe not. I didn't know what kind of hours the kids kept. It looked like an old antique shop, and I figured I would stop in. I like old stuff like that, and maybe I could even find something for Tara by way of an apology gift. I parked on the street and went inside.

I was greeted by the musty smell most of those places have. I walked around, then realized there was no one there., not even behind the counter. I began to wonder if maybe the store was closed, and someone had just left the open sign on and the door unlocked accidentally. I sure as hell didn't want to be mistaken for a burglar, so I started to leave.

"Hello, young man," a voice croaked. I whipped around to see an old woman. She was bent with age and dressed in a worn brown dress and coat with a black handkerchief wrapped around her head and tied under her chin.

"Uh, sorry, I thought you were open, I was just leaving." I turned again to go.

"No, you may stay, we are open," she said, and hobbled over to the counter. "What is your name, young man?"

"I'm Chris," I replied, feeling somewhat better, but there was an unsettling presence in this place.

"Well, Chris, you can call me Grandma Ellie, or just Grandma, if you like. Everyone calls me that. What can I get for you?" she asked. I must have looked confused. She began to cackle. "Well, you must have come in here for something," she grinned.

"Oh, right, uh, well, I guess I'm looking for a gift," I said, looking around.

"You guess? Tell me, Chris, is there something troubling you? At home, perhaps?" My head snapped back to face her. There was no way...how did she...? "Grandma knows, Grandma knows," she cackled. "Some say I'm a witch, but I just read people well, I think. Who knows? Maybe there's some witch in me," she chuckled in her raspy voice.

"I might have what you need, young man." She pulled a large silver ring out from behind the counter. I walked over to look at it. It was ornate, but not terribly gaudy. Strange symbols were carved into the side of the ring. It was obviously real silver, though I had no idea what the triangular, black stone set in the top was. Onyx, maybe.

"What is it?" I asked.

"A ring," she said, then cackled again. "No, no, Grandma is teasing you. Bound to this stone is a spirit, a succubus they call her. Once they fed on men like yourself, draining them of life. This particular breed, though, is not of that kind. She will please you, and be your servant. Put the ring on, and when you go to sleep, she will visit you in the spirit realm. It will be like a dream, but more real, and you will be able to do what you want. More than that, she will tell you." I snickered.

"Uh...well, Grandma, I don't really believe in that sort of thing." She grinned.

"No, I didn't expect you would. But what if I let you try it? If you are happy with her, you can come back and buy it." I was taken aback by her offer. The ring was obviously valuable.

"That's very generous, Grandma, but how...I mean, why would you trust me?" She smiled and put her hand on mine.

"Grandma knows, young man, Grandma knows..."

As I drove back home, I looked at the ring, and shook my head. How did I get talked into this damn foolishness? Eh...well, the ring at least looked good. I picked it up and slipped it on my right middle finger. It fit perfectly. As I pulled back into my driveway, I wondered if Tara was still up.

I walked back inside, and the lights were out. Well, no surprise there, it was almost two in the morning now. I went into the bedroom, and Tara was fast asleep. It was then that I realized how exhausted I was. I got undressed and crawled into bed and quickly fell asleep.

I found myself in a bedroom, very ornate. There was a plush crimson carpet, and a black framed bed. The frame was iron, twisting in an ornate design into four spiked bedposts. It looked somewhat sinister, but sexy too. The deep red sheets were clearly silk. I was in a black silk robe, wondering what the hell was going on. I knew I wasn't at home, but I didn't know where I was. I must have been dreaming.

A door, which I hadn't seen until now, opened slowly, and in walked one of the most incredible figures I'd ever seen. She was tall, with creamy white skin, and fiery red hair, just like Tara, except Lylah's hair was curly. But her eyes were absolutely breathtaking. They were big and sparkling, a deep purple color. She wore a blue silk robe, but short, just barely revealing the bottom of her ass when she turned to shut the door. Now I knew I was dreaming, unless...

"My name is Lylah," she smiled at me, showing perfect white teeth. She walked over and put her hand on my chest under my robe, and tilted her head coyly. "What is yours?"

"I-I'm Chris," I stammered.

"Hello, Chris. I take it you are my new master?" She asked, though it really rhetorical.

"I, uh, I don't know...am I?" I felt like an idiot. She giggled, though, and made me feel less stupid.

"You have the stone to which I am bound, so you are my master," she smiled, "and I intend to make you very happy with me..." she leaned in and kissed me gently on the lips. "Tell me about yourself." Fuck me, I thought, this spirit thing was real...

I told her where I was from, and about my life. It was almost like a date, and she seemed very interested in me. I felt good, better than I had in a while. I asked about her, but she just wanted to talk about me. I told her about my problems with my wife, and she seemed very sympathetic. After a while, she leaned in and kissed me again, this time more passionately. Her hands found my robe belt and pulled it loose. Then she stood and disrobed herself, sliding the silk off her shoulders, but keeping her breasts hidden yet. She turned and slowly let the robe slide down her back, exposing the most perfect ass I'd ever seen. The she lifted her arms above her head and turned.

My breath came up short when I saw her body. She had an athletic build, slender and perfectly toned. Her breasts were firm, and just larger than you would expect for her body, which I love. Except for her fiery locks, her body was totally hairless, not even any stubble. It was like she was made just for me.

She came over to the bed and pulled my robe off, rubbing my arms as she slid it down, and straddled my legs. She gently pushed me back onto the bed and lay on top of me, pressing her breasts into my chest as she kissed me deeply. Her tongue found mine and caressed it. My already rock hard cock felt stiffer yet, if that were possible. As she rubbed her pussy lips against my member, my erection started becoming painful. I couldn't take anymore.

As though she sensed my urge, she smiled and slowly slid her soaking pussy over my cock. The heat of her sex was shocking, almost too hot, probably due to the fact that I haven't felt one in a while. She descended inch by inch, until I felt her supple ass press against my balls. Then she paused, feeling me inside her, and started smoothly grinding on me. Pressing her hands on my chest for balance, she started gradually raising herself up again, until just the head of my aching cock was in her. She held for a moment, and again slid down at an almost impossibly slow rate of speed. No human woman ever had balance as Lylah had. It was overwhelming, this incredible creature was actually fucking me, her pussy just tight enough, but not too much so I had trouble pressing in her. I felt my body begin to tremble with the feeling of raw sexual hunger. I knew I didn't want to cum right away, but then...well...I can't say for sure what happened, but I started to lose it. I saw a confused look in Lylah's eyes. I wanted this so bad, but the concept of such an incredible fuck after such a long dry spell had shaken me. Then I head a broken high pitched buzzing, and the room began to disintegrate. What in the hell...?

I woke up in my bed, ripped out of my fuck session by my buzzing alarm. The old woman had been right, it was like dreaming. And I couldn't even fuck in my dreams now. I got up and ready for work, then headed downstairs. I found Tara at the sink, slowly sipping coffee. I walked up behind her and kissed her cheek.

"I'm sorry, babe...I didn't mean what I said, I was just really frustrated," I said quietly.

"I know...I'm sorry about what I said too...I didn't mean it that way. I don't know what's wrong...I just don't know." Her voice was getting thick again. I kissed her neck softly.

"Don't worry, sweetie...we'll work it out." She turned and smiled at me, her eyes watery.

"Thank you," she whispered, and kissed me. "I love you."

"I love you, too," I said, then left for work.

It was another mundane day, and I had plenty of time to think about what had happened last night. I wasn't even sure I wanted to have another go at it. Not even being able to nail a dream woman had made me seriously question my virility. I had no idea what had happened to me. I figured at the very least I wanted to talk to her again. I don't know why, I knew she wasn't real, well, not in the flesh and blood sense anyway, but I liked her. I decided to see her again when I went home.

When I did get home, I saw a note from Tara. She had gone shopping and didn't expect to be home for at least an hour yet. Perfect, that gave me a chance to see Lylah again. I wrote a note that I was going to take a nap, then got undressed and lay down. Right away I felt drowsy, and wondered if the ring had something to do with it. Normally, it took me a while to fall asleep, but...

I found myself in the same room, dressed in the same way. Lylah was there already, waiting for me. She was laying on the bed, propped up on one arm. This time she was already naked, her hair pulled back into a sexy high ponytail. She smiled when she saw me.

"Hello again, master," she purred. I blushed.

"You can just call me Chris," I mumbled. She smiled again.

"No," she said, "not for now. Maybe later, but right now, you are my master." I stared at her blankly. "You see," she continued, sultrily rising from the bed and standing in front of me, "I know what happened last night. You have felt powerless in your sex life for some time, years really, as you told me. You suddenly had opportunity, and yet have not regained that power that you deserve to have." She undid my robe and pushed it off my shoulders, running her hands down my arms, pausing briefly to squeeze my biceps, a nice ego boost. Then she knelt and took my swelling cock in her hand. "You will take that power back tonight," she whispered, then slid her mouth over the head of my manhood and started sucking. She took my other hand and put it on the back of her head, then closed her hand over mine, forcing me to clutch a handful of her hair. Fuck, her mouth was so hot. Her tongue caressed my dick in her mouth. I began moving my hips slowly, and she sucked me in as I moved. I began to thrust more, harder, and she continued to take me in, letting me fuck her mouth.

Then it happened. I saw this amazing woman on her knees, taking my member, servicing me because she wanted to do it, and something changed. No, not changed, reawakened. I gripped her hair with both hands and began fucking her face vigorously. She took me balls deep in her mouth, an impressive feat considering I was a full nine inches and rock hard. I felt like I was back, that this was the Chris from college, making my way through the cheerleading squad, sometimes two at time. Fucking every hot pussy that I wanted, and all of them thankful for the experience. I felt alive again, like a real man. I owned this hot piece of ass in front of me, her eyes full of lust and just a slight amount of desperation as I continued to fill her mouth with my cock. I pulled out and pounced on her, pressing my body against hers to pin her down and shoved my cock into her pussy.

"FUCK!" she shrieked, and her eyes rolled in ecstasy as I pounded her soaking cunt. Her mouth twisted into an open, gasping smile as her chest heaved against mine, her breath hot and fast. I wrapped my fingers in her ponytail and pulled her head back. "Yes!" she cried out, "yes, I am yours, your slut! Use me! Fuck me, FUCK ME!" She screamed in climax and dug her nails into my back, the pain only heightening my pleasure, and I felt my balls tighten. Knowing my bestial fucking would end soon, I roared in my lust and filled her with my cum, pumping my hips with each squirt. When my orgasm finally ended, I collapsed onto her, my head falling between her breasts. Both our bodies were slick with sweat and shaking with exertion.

I kissed her neck, tasting her body. She smelled amazing, no perfume or lotion, just pure woman. Her natural pheromones must have been many times more potent then that of human women, because almost right away I felt my cock stirring again. I ran my tongue down her cleavage, then up her heaving breast and circled her nipple. I used the tip of my tongue to flick her nipple lightly, then harder, until I began suckling it. She moaned softly and pressed my head tighter against her tit. I sucked harder and she began grinding her mound against my leg. I grinned, realizing she wanted more. I licked my way down her toned abs and planted a kiss on her pussy. Then, knowing she didn't expect it, I pushed her legs up and started licking her ass. She moaned in delight, and then squealed when I shoved two fingers in her pussy. I continued licking and fingering her until she came again, which wasn't long. I wondered if her sex drive ever really ended, being a succubus. Then I realized that mine had fully recharged as well. I wasn't sure if it had to do with being in a spirit realm or my being with Lylah, either way I didn't care. I pulled my fingers out of her and gripped her hips, then lifted her up slightly. Her legs rested against my chest now. Normally I would ask permission for what I wanted to do, but I was in charge now. I pushed my cock slowly into her incredibly tight ass. Her eyes widened and she took a sharp breath, but then her eyes rolled up again, and I knew she was enjoying it. She grunted with each thrust as I fucked her ass, and the animal in me took over again. She reached down and rubbed her clit while I pounded her relentlessly, sweat rolling down my chest again. I loved the look of her tits bouncing wildly each time my hips crashed into her ass. When she came again, she screamed and squirted, spraying my body with her juices. That drove me over the edge, and I cried out as I came again, pumping her ass full of my hot semen. I stayed in her until my softening cock slipped out of her. Her legs dropped on either side of me and her head rolled to the side as she laughed with the pleasure I had given her. Most of her hair has sprung free of her ponytail, streaked across her sweat covered face. I laughed with her, ecstatic over my dry spell finally broken, even if it was in this realm. I had no idea how long I'd been there, and honestly didn't give it much thought. But, it seemed like a long time. I moved to my beautiful Lylah's side and swept the hair out of her face with a gentle hand, then put my arm under her neck and the other under her knees and carefully picked her up.
