 This is one shady job he thought as he wiped the floors with a wet mop but James had no choice in the matter, he needed a job he needs money or he would be kicked out of his tiny apartment he shook his head returning to his job cleaning the floors.

The newspaper he was reading said they needed a janitor at a genetic research facility called biotech industry it was one of the biggest companies on the planet aiming to improve all aspects of life and become pretty successful turning from a normal size business into a global size one everywhere you when you could see their logo projecting some medication or skin care.

James thought he just send an application in for the hell of it he can dream, right? he just needs a job can't to be that hard and to his surprise they called him telling him he's hired James and was gonna start next week he was gobsmacked he got a job at one of the biggest companies in the world...even tho it was a simple job cleaning floors.

Picking up the dirty bucket he journeyed to the service room to get some clean water and soon depositing the dirty water believing he was done for the night his emptied the bucket with glee now he can head home and relax but his boss came in and spoke.

"Hey they need someone to clean one of the rooms in sector B there a massive mess and you need to clean it before you head out," his boss Greg said with a gruff.

His boss was the manager of the security unit and Sector C everyone that held a mop or any other cleaning and repairing type tool answered to him and he was an ass to everyone except the higher ups and his boss but other than that he loved the control of his 'minions' and he was always worst on the new recruits making sure they knew what to do the threat of getting fired was one of his favourites to use.

"Come on sir I was just there five minutes ago to clean the hall and there another mess!?" James pleaded to his boss but in his boss's eye showed no remorse. 

"Don't start getting lippy with me newbie and get to cleaning it see you tomorrow kid," he said with a smirk and left.

James now had another thing to do now he had to suck it up and refill his bucket and make his way to sector C, there were four sectors, sectors A was basically where the public go showing the history of the company and there 'grand plans for the future'.

Sectors B which was where all the offices and laboratory were it also where they were doing genetic researcher and making breakthroughs in medical science, making the gears of this company turn doing who knows what?

Sector C which was where all the staff go to do there daily jobs ready to be sent out and fix any problems that the other sectors had it was like a home base for us so if you needed a plumber or electrician you simply went here and this was where James spent most his time waiting to be used and returning to get supplies he also chatted to some of the staff they were pretty cool nice to hang around and chat with too this is also where trucks and such go and leave bringing in... well whatever they brought in James was never informed about these things only the people who took the crates in. 

This was also where he heard about sector D from one of the older co-works, you see they only informed James that there was only three sector to this place so he was surprised to hear there was a sector D to begin with, however the things he heard about it was why this place was so shady to him each other co-worker he spoke to about sector D said different things they heard and saw some say they bring in criminal and random homeless people off the street to those elevators that apparently leading to sector D which was underground.

Some say they overheard scientist speak about something being a failure and improvements at a stunting rate which creeped the sectors C workers out but the worst thing James heard about this place was that whenever someone from any of the other sectors go down there...they never returned this one guy said that an undercover janitor was caught snooping around there and one day he just disappeared.

James was creeped out by this also to a point of fear but his curious mind couldn't stop thinking about it what was happening? what were they doing to those people? He honestly wanted to find out James has always been an adventure person exploring every nook and cranny just a constant thirst for discovery, exploring caves when he when on holiday and even sneaking in his school late one night just to see what it was like at night but he knows that if he went sneaking around in a sectors he wasn't even told about he probably get worst then simply fired.

James pushed the wheels being full of water to the place that apparently was dirty using his key card to get into the lab, quickly seeing where the mess was annoyingly no one was around to tell him what the liquid on the ground was as he guessed the one that made the mess just left it for someone to deal with this, it pissed James off that someone just left a mess this late what where they even doing?

But he just got to doing his job and stuck some gloves on carefully picking up the broken glass and placing it in a special plastic box to be disposed later as it had unknown chemicals in there, once he was doing he got his mop dipped it in the water (with a special cleaning against added to it) and begin cleaning the mess.

He did this was about half a minute and stopped suddenly when he heard a voice coming from the wall vent he placed down his mop down and went over to the vent to investigate the voice, he placed his ear to the vent making it slightly more clear as to what he was hearing.

"Please don't hurt me," the mystery person said in a panicked voice.

James didn't know what to think what the hell was going on?

"No no stay back monster," the voice sounded in fear.

James was even more confused monster? what did he mean but the next thing James heard made his blood go cold. 

The voice was now only screaming could be heard. 

That made James jumped away from the vent in a panicked something is down there and it was evil...he was breathing heavily staring at the vent and the sound suddenly stopped silence filled the room he slowly crawled towards the vent listening carefully to see if the sound returns or anything new happens he placed he ear gently against the cold metal to listen.

"I can smell you," came a mysterious female voice. 

James froze out of complete fear sweating profusely breathing heavily against the vent unable to get his head around what just happen.

"You have a nice scent...I really really like it," said the unknown creature in a seductive, excited voice. 

That was all James needed to hear before he ran out of the lab like a bat out of hell but he knew he would get in trouble if he left the cleaning equipment there so he quickly grabbed it and rushed to a supply cabinet in sector C and left the stuff there, he quick got to his locker and changed out of his uniform into his casual and rushed out the back entrance attached to sector C, he heads to the bus stop looking back at the tall building afraid out of his mind after what he heard but he bumped heavily into someone knocking both him and the person to the ground.

"Hey watch where you going asshole," said an older man in an annoyed voice.

"S-Sorry" James said to the man, looking up he realized he just bumped into his boss Greg. Greg also looks up realized who bumped into him.

"Oh it's just you watch where your going next time newbie you're lucky I'm in a good mood or I would have fired your dumb ass."

"Y-Yeah errs thanks I need to get going see you t-tomorrow sir," James said still breathing heavily in a panicked state.

James quickly gets up and moves past his boss but he is soon stopped by his firm hand holding him tightly on his shoulder, James turns his head looking up at his boss giving him an intensely deadly stare.

"Hold on now what's wrong kid? I know I can be pretty intimidating but you look like you've been scared half to death," he stares dead at James, "is everything all right?" 

James just stands there staring back at his boss he couldn't tell him what he heard he would just call him crazy he needs to think of a lie quick to make sure he didn't arouse any suspicion.

"O-Oh I'm f-fine boss just...saw a-a rat running around the lab and it...just...scared me," he said with a fake chuckle trying to play it off as something silly.

Greg stared at James trying to guess whether he was lying, "A rat!? Huh, were going to need to investigate that tomorrow go to one of your supervisors and inform them about this rat it could be a massive health violation." 

He released his grip from James's shoulder and he instinctively rubbed his sore shoulder.

"Y-Yeah no problem cya boss," he said to his boss quickly rushing away out of site to the bus stop.

Greg watches the kid go with the suspense of his strange behaviour but brushed it off he just a newbie he said to himself as he walked back into the shady facility.

###

It had been a few days since that strange event with the vent but James couldn't relax when he got home that night he went straight to the shower to cool himself off to try and understand what actually happened going through the event over and over again maybe it was just a horror film someone put on in another room? maybe it was just...James had a terrible night he was afraid of whatever that thing was would suddenly appear in his room to kill him he was paranoid but the curious at odd things the creature said.

What did it mean by 'you have a nice scent' James couldn't wrap his head around it, it was too

strange to think about but that vent must of lead down to the secret sector D where they were doing...some type of experiments down there? No, no, they couldn't this isn't some kind of horror story, these things happen in those not this but as James thought about it more all made sort of sense, disappearing people, strange conversations from the scientist and mystery crates not listed on the shipping list.

All this thinking finally made James go to sleep and he needed to go to work the next day which he serious didn't want too but again he needed this job so he got up had a shower and some breakfast got his clothing and set off to work hoping that nothing bad happened, luckily the day was honestly quite normal he hanged around the main staff room wait to be needed however the strangest thing was that his boss would sort of follow him were ever he went being close but not close for him to see which got James thinking that his boss might be on to him so he couldn't talk to anyone about what happened but this only lasted for one day before he just ignored him again, James could relax a little but still stressed out over what happened and his boss's strange behaviour.

James was sent to clean one of the dining areas because some kid spilled some coke on the ground and left it (annoying bastard), he saw in the corner of his eye two scientists leaving an elevator that was rumoured to be the access point for sector D they walked over to one of the tables and sat down away from all the people James thought that whatever these men were about to say was going to be something to do with sector D so he decided to try and listen in on there chat maybe getting some answers on what happened a few nights ago. 

He slowly sifted near them he saw some headphones someone left on a table and decided to use them making people think he was listening to music so he could listen in on there chat. he came near them both scientist look at him and he just smiled and nodded and went to cleaning both saw he had headphones on so they assumed that he couldn't hear them so they continued there to chat.

"This is getting annoying the subject has really been testing our patience," one of the scientists said in annoyance.

"Yeah she is being feisty but we are making progress the thing I'm concerned with is her obsession with the damn vent she knows she can't get out so why is she even there," replied the older scientist stroking his white bread.

"Yeah I heard about that from some of the others what going on with that?" 

"Well the subject was going through one of her...enrichment sessions and after the 'toy' was eliminated she suddenly pressed her face against a vent it was very strange and some of the others said they heard her say something and others didn't...and since then she hasn't left it alone." the older scientist said with a grumble.

"Well have you actually asked her?" 

"Yes, she said she smells something she really really likes It could be something from the cafeteria or some food she hasn't eat was left by a vent you know how good her sense of smell is."

"Yeah that could be right but on another note it annoying how we can't make another one, the general is soon gonna demand a second subject to show and yet we can't get a second one it so aggravating," said the young man in a troubled voice.

"I think we should stop talking about this before someone hears something we don't want them to hear." 

The younger one nodded and they both began to discuss something more normal, James mind was going at a million miles per hour trying to truly understand what he heard 'subject', 'she', 'second one' what the hell were they talking about it makes out there some biological experiment down there but is that even possible? 

He wanted to keep his head down for the next few days but his curiosity was getting the best of him whatever thing was down there seem to like how he smelled which got him interested why did this thing enjoy how he smelled? James was a clean person even tho he was a bit lazy and forget to shower every once in a while he wondered if it could smell him now or smelled him whenever he when past a vent...he would only find out if he went back to that vent and spoke to the thing.

James soon left after cleaning the area looking over his shoulder to see if anyone was watching him and luckily he saw no one so he left unaware that a shadowy man was watching his every move since the scientist sat the man walked away heading to the entrance and leaving through the automatic door disappearing into the crowd. 

###

James decided that tonight would be the night he talks to that creature or thing again and get some answers to this massive mystery, a part of him was excited the old itch for discovery coming back wanting to unravel this mystery of secret D however another bigger part of him was afraid of getting in trouble and caught by someone and killed or 'disappeared'. 

He made sure he was the last person there taking a quick walk around the place to double check no one was truly around. He returned to the locker room and got dressed so once he was done with his encounter which James thought he needed to be really lucky with as he needed the creature to be my vent but from what he heard it seems to spend a lot of time there so maybe he can meet it again.

He walked over to the lab where he encountered the creature as he entered he saw the vent the same vent that he heard the guy screaming in pain a shiver went down his spine maybe this was a bad idea maybe he should just leave and just forget about this. 

But something deep inside wanted to do this over the years his sense of discovery has sort of...faded and that honestly scared James more then this as if he lost this then he could just be some boring normal person living his life just the same as everyone so James steeled himself up and walked over the vent and crouch by it.

Unknown of what he was actually going to do he just thought to fuck it and talk into the vent he knew this was stupid but what else was he going to do?

"H-Hello?" James said quietly into the vent waiting for a response.

"Hello is err anyone...there?" he said again into the vent.

After about a minute of waiting he was beginning to give up finding this whole plan stupid maybe he was just hallucinating the whole event.

"Hello?" responded a quiet female voice.

James didn't know how to respond it was the same voice from that night a pinch of fear came to him remembering what happened and the screams he heard.

"Wait...I know that scent...your the one from a few nights ago I knew you would come back," she said excitedly.

"Err hi..." James said in shock that he talking to someone in the vent.

"Ooooooo you have a cute voice too why are you in the vent? I want to meet you."

"I-I'm not in the vent in sector B is that sector D?" he asked eagerly finally getting some answers on the mystery of that place.

"Sector D? I have no idea what you're talking about," she replied.

And with that all the answers he hopes for crashed and burned fuck she wasn't going to be any help but who is she?

"Anyway let talk about something more fun like...What your favourite colour? Mine is pink I like to change my hair and fur to that colour but the carers get grumpy when I do that," she said a little saddened.

Her favourite colour? why is she talking about that and what did so mean by change her hair and fur and carers? this was getting more confusing.

"Err funny enough it pink to0 others make fun of me when I say it but I've always liked it and why do they get grumpy?" He reposed honestly.

"They say it not the 'colour' a beautiful damage creature like me should be."

"Well be what err colour you want to be if they get grumpy let them just ignores them and err you do you?" he replies kindly but still confused.

There was silence for a minute but her innocent sweet voice came back.

"No one really said that to me before...they always tell me what to do and what they want Its annoying but your different your...nice to me for no reason," she said softly almost quietly.

"Well you should treat someone like how you wanted to be treated there shouldn't be a reason to be nice it should be natural." 

"I see father told me about manners... I like that you're very wise...it wouldn't be too much trouble if i asked a few questions?" she replies innocently.

He didn't mind asking this girl question she sounds cute and innocent whatever was down there must be cruel. 

"But first what's your name?" 

"My name? Err...Well, I...Don't...know Father calls me his child and the carers call me subject which I don't like...Hey I got an idea how about you give me a name and it better be a cute one...please," she replies eagerly.

James didn't know what to think they didn't give her a name? James felt a bit excited giving someone a name but still found it strange, he began to think what would be for this mystery girl soon he found the perfect one.

"How about...Annie? I think that pretty cute."

"Annie?...I LOVE IT!" She says loudly into the vent, "It sounds cute and dangerous thank you...err what's your name?" she asks excitedly and confused.

James hesitated would be safe to reveal his name to her? and who was this father? but he wanted to trust her.

"Its...James that's my name," he replied nervously.

"James... that's a nice name and now I have my own I can tell Father he will be so happy," she said excitedly

a shiver went down his spine he didn't know who this father was but he must be someone important and dangerous.

"Wait don't tell him i... I think I would get in trouble if he found out I'm talking to you so it would be our secret."

"Oh OK then I won't say anything to father, he can get scary when he angry so you can trust me...but now do you mind we can get to the questions."

"What do you want to know?" replied waiting for her question.

Annie soon asking asked a bunch of really simple questions about everything but when James asked about her she says she doesn't know.

James checked his phone and realized that a few hours went by being with Annie was quite pleasant, she has a cute innocent feeling to her she would say something weird but he ignored it and said that this was her last question before he needed to go.
