 Erinyxes had received a phone call from the assistant at the doctor's. "Another one. Tonight." She was given the address.

***

Death stared me in the face. The doctors had checked my blood yesterday and my genetic condition had drastically worsened.

"You'll be lucky to live 48 more hours."

That was 38 hours ago. The test had been performed at 8 a.m. and the doctor had brought me the results 30 minutes later. 

I lay back on the bed, staring at the ceiling. I was only 20 years old. But the doctors had told me most people with my condition didn't make it to their teenage years. I supposed I was lucky. 

I didn't feel that way, though. And the worst part would be dying never having felt the touch of a woman. 

"Hello."

The sultry voice jolted me out of my reverie. I lifted my head. A tall, voluptuous, naked blonde was standing by the side of the bed. 

I rubbed my eyes. I must be seeing things. Hallucinating. I hadn't invited anyone over. And I had locked the door behind me when I entered the studio apartment. No one could have gotten in.

I blinked a few times. The naked blonde, and her firm, large breasts, was still there.

"Hello yourself."

The blonde's form changed. Her skin turned dark red and black wings sprouted from her back. Curved horns emerged from her forehead. 

"I am Erinyxes. You may call me Erin."

A succubus. This must be some sort of weird dream. 

"You're here to make my last night more pleasurable?"

Erin gave me a smile. "No one your age should die alone, never having experienced sex." 

I couldn't argue the logic of that. Die alone and a virgin or die in the arms of a sex demon? Either way I'd be dead by morning, may as well go out with a bang.

"So you don't suck the souls out of young, healthy men?"

"Too many mysterious deaths of young, healthy men, and people would know we still exist. They would come looking for us. We don't want to attract attention."

That made sense. I was already naked, so Erin didn't have to remove my clothes. She simply lay in the bed with me. I could feel the heat of her body next to mine. It was actually very nice.

"I'll let you lead. I literally have zero experience."

Erin grinned. "I know. Virgins are the most delicious."

She kissed my lips. It was a soft kiss, tender and sweet. 

"You just lie still, now. I'll handle everything."

I didn't have much choice. My genetic condition had weakened me to the point where doing anything other than lying still required immense effort. 

Erin's lips moved to my neck. The heat of her tongue as it traced a trail to my upper chest felt good against my cold, clammy skin. 

Her warm hands were suddenly caressing my legs. Slowly and gently. I let out a contented sigh.

"I'm just getting started."

She kissed her way to my nipples. Pulses of pleasure shot through my body as her tongue circled them. She spread my legs apart and positioned her body between them.

Erin's hands made their way up my thighs as she kissed down my belly. The two of them met at my groin. Feeling her tongue lick along my engorged shaft while her fingertips caressed my balls almost made me spurt right there. 

"You're ready."

Erin lifted herself up and lowered her pussy onto my rod. The sensation was indescribable. Her tail - the one part of her that I hadn't noticed before - wrapped around my waist and the tip of it probed against my pucker, then slipped inside. 

"Don't worry about coming too quickly. I assure you you'll have more than one orgasm anyway." 

That was a good thing, because as soon as she started sliding up and down on me, with her tail twitching and massaging my prostate, I blasted a load deep inside Erin.

"Now that you've voluntarily given yourself to me, I can complete the milking without needing additional consent. But you weren't about to deny me consent anyway."

That was definitely true. This was the best feeling I'd ever had in my life.

"Just out of curiosity, how old are you?"

"1,287 years. I look good for a woman in her thirteenth century, don't I?"

"You look good for a woman of any age."

Well, technically a demon of any age. But who cared?

Erin leaned forward and I kissed her perfect breasts, then began to suckle her nipple. Hot fluid emerged, and I swallowed it down.

Erin continued to slide up and down on my still rock hard cock. I could feel another orgasm begin to build in my balls. Erin must have sensed this, because her internal muscles tightened and released around me. She was milking me dry and I was willing, even eager, to be milked.

I blasted another load inside her. She continued to work her pussy around me and feed me the hot liquid from her breast. I switched nipples, not wanting to leave the other one out of the party. 

It took a little longer for my third load to emerge. I felt like part of my essence went with it. Erin seemed to read my mind.

"Mmm, essence of virgin. Delightful. One more should do the trick."

I was quite happy with my fate. Dying in Erin's embrace sure beat dying alone staring at my ceiling. She wrapped her arms around me and removed her breasts from my face, replacing them with her lips. We kissed long and deep, her tongue twining with mine. Every bit of my energy seemed to be concentrated in my balls. 

She broke the kiss long enough to whisper, "Ready?"

"Yes," I murmured.

"There will be no trace that you died of anything but your genetic condition," Erin purred. I nodded.

She planted her lips on mine and we kissed deeply again. I felt an incredible rush of energy shoot through my rod as I filled her again. This time, completely. My mind shut off as she absorbed my energy.

***

Erinyxes climbed off the corpse. "So willing. As if I did him a favor." She leaned down and gently closed the eyes of the young man. The genetic disease was a tragedy, but at least she was able to make him not a total waste.