 Erinyxes was lying still, relaxing, when she was contacted.

"We have another one."

"Details?"

"Bryan Murphy, age 28. Near-virgin. Programmer, hired a hooker a couple of times but that's it. Leukemia. He has maybe 6 hours."

The location was given, and Erinxyes vanished from her resting place.

*

Bryan stared miserably at the walls of his apartment. How could this have happened? He was on the fast track, making six figures, saving his money to buy a nice house and eventually find a woman and start a family.

Leukemia, the doctors had said. Terminal. He had a couple more days. And that was a day and a half ago. He'd be lucky to last until morning. 

He muttered to himself.

There was a puff of smoke, a smell of brimstone, and something started to materialize if front of him.

What the hell? Was he going crazy, in addition to dying?

The smoke cleared, and the sexiest woman Bryan had ever seen in his life was standing in front of him. Even hotter than the ones he would masturbate to during jack-off sessions at the computer. And this one was completely naked.

Woman? No, wait. She had horns, wings, and a tail. This wasn't a woman. It was a...

No. It couldn't be. Why would one come here?

*

Erinyxes finished materializing. She gave Bryan a soft smile.

"Hello, Bryan. I thought I'd join you for your last night on Earth. Make your final hours filled with pleasure. A mercy mission."

Bryan stared. "How did you...?"

"I have contacts with lots of hospitals. By the way, you may call me Erin." 

"Erin," Bryan repeated. "So... you only visit dying people?"

"Makes a lot more sense to do it that way. If I suck the soul out of a young, healthy person and they die mysteriously, people might start investigating. Too many unexplained deaths and we'd be found out." 

Bryan nodded. He slowly stood up and started to remove his clothes. 

"Allow me," Erin smiled. She quickly stripped him and laid him down on the bed. "So... what would you like? We have..." she quickly glanced at the clock... "about five hours to play."

"You're the sex expert," Bryan murmured. "Whatever you think best."

Erin lay next to Bryan and gently enfolded him. Her lips pressed lightly against his. They were warm, but not hell-fire hot.

"I can control my internal temperature," she whispered, answering his unspoken question as she kissed him. After a few kisses, she slipped her tongue inside his mouth, and he responded in kind.

Erin followed by kissing Bryan's neck. Pulses of pleasure shot through him and his pole started to stiffen. Erin's scent became stronger, and as Bryan breathed in her perfume, he felt his mind relaxing and his muscles doing the same. Except for the one.

Erin trailed her tongue downward towards Bryan's chest. He shuddered and gasped as she flicked just the tip over his nipples. Her hand went between her legs as she continued kissing the entranced man.

Erin's other hand began caressing Bryan's legs. They weren't particularly muscular -- his job did not allow him to get a lot of exercise -- but Erin didn't mind. Her touch sent Bryan's body into a haze of pleasure. His cock swelled and throbbed. 

When she kissed down to his groin and her tongue traced across his full balls, Bryan almost blew a load right there. Erin smiled. "I think you're ready for me."

"Please take me," Bryan gasped.

Erin lifted herself up, then lowered her pussy onto Bryan's engorged member. With a couple of squeezes, she extracted his first load of cum. His cock stayed rock-hard within her.

"Now we can fuck," Erin purred, leaning her torso forward. Bryan kissed and suckled her ripe breasts. Erin moved gently, sliding her body up and down at a sedate pace. "No rush. We still have four hours."

Bryan lay still, his body relaxed, and suckled further at the succubus' breast. Hot, but not scalding, liquid emerged, and he swallowed it down. 

Erin wrapped her arms and wings around him, fully enveloping him in a warm sexual cocoon. Her tail gently slid between his legs and the tip slipped inside his back-channel, stimulating his prostate and helping her to extract more loads of sperm from him. Bryan was lost in a timeless daze.

After the sixth -- or was it the eighth? -- load was extracted from him, Erin glanced at the clock. "Our time is about up," she whispered. "Are you ready?"

Bryan smiled. His last hours had been a lot more pleasant than he had possibly imagined. "Yes."

Erin pumped one last load out of him. This time, his soul as well as his sperm shot through his swollen cock into her.

*

"Erinyxes reporting in. Mercy mission complete."

"Very good. We'll need you again soon."

The succubus dematerialized and returned to her own plane of existence, sated for now. Near-virgins always tasted so wonderful...