 Erinyxes, the merciful succubus, knew she wouldn't have long to rest. Sure enough, she was contacted again. 

"Serena Collins, age 48. Two grown children. Cause of death-to-be: severe liver cirrhosis from too much partying when she was younger and not enough trips to the doctor. She has about 8 hours."

"Shouldn't we send an incubus? They usually handle the females."

"Serena's last item on her bucket list is sex with a woman. She wanted to try a couple of times in college but never had the courage."

"I'm on it."

*

Serena stared miserably at the floor. She hadn't bothered going to a doctor for the pain. She knew she was dying and didn't need to waste the cash on a doc to tell her there was nothing they could do. 

She was wearing just a nightgown. She hadn't been out of the house in four days and her kids wouldn't be coming to see her. Yes, she had been a bad mom, drinking instead of looking after their needs when they were younger, but their dad had done a good job of raising them, and by the time they were teens, Serena had been sober. Dad had even stuck with his former lush of a wife until both kids graduated high school, so they had a two parent family. And the divorce had been quite amicable. The kids were off in college, and he gave her enough money to have her own apartment. A good man. The kids definitely thought so, they still visited him every weekend. The advantage of going to college locally. 

But they didn't visit her, except on holidays. And yes, the rejection hurt. Now Serena was going to die alone. 

*

Erinyxes materialized behind Serena, so as not to scare her. The pale-skinned woman seemed lost in her own world. Erinyxes walked over in front of her.

"Hello, Serena. I'm Erin."

Serena's head snapped up. She could have sworn the door was locked. How had someone gotten inside? And how did they know her name?

Serena took a closer look at the naked figure before her. A very female body, yes, but also horns and a tail. What could a succubus possibly want with her?

She must be losing her mind. Succubi didn't exist, and besides which, they sucked the souls out of men, not women. Incubi were the danger to females. 

She rubbed her eyes and blinked, trying to make the hallucination go away.

*

"I assure you I'm quite real."

The voice was definitely female. 

"What do you want with me?"

Erin gently reached down and removed Serena's nightgown, leaving the dying middle-aged woman as naked as herself. 

"To ease your last hours and let you fulfill a desire you had but never acted on."

Serena blinked again. How could Erin know about her secret fantasies from her youth?

The succubus gently scooped Serena's body out of the chair it had been sitting in. She cradled Serena against her own body like a mother cradling a young child, and carried her to the bed. The two of them lay down.

Erin gently held Serena. The blonde's head (although some of her hair had been turning grey) rested on the succubus' ample chest. 

Serena breathed in Erin's scent, and desire began to fill her. She kissed at Erin's breast. A soft moan from the succubus encouraged the blonde, and she took a nipple into her mouth. Warm fluid emerged, and she swallowed it down.

Erin's hands very gently caressed Serena's somewhat thick, short body. One hand on the blonde's back, one on her leg. Serena shivered at Erin's touch.

"I've had over 1,200 years of experience," Erin smiled.

Serena merely switched her mouth to Erin's other breast. After a couple of minutes, she unfastened her mouth and the succubus slid her upwards, so that their lips were just inches apart. 

Erin softly slid a fingertip along Serena's spine. She lightly touched her lips to the blonde's, holding a short, sweet kiss for just an instant.

"You're... a lot nicer than I thought," Serena murmured.

Erin's gentle caresses were sending little pulses of pleasure through Serena's body. 

"You need more than just orgasms tonight," Erin replied, her voice husky.

"I have been a bit down," Serena admitted.

The succubus began gently brushing the tip of her tail over Serena's skin. Serena's muscles relaxed as Erin's scent and her touch did their work.

"Allow me to cure that," Erin murmured. 

The blonde had almost forgotten what feeling happy felt like. She pressed closer to Erin.

"All right."

Erin's wings, which Serena somehow hadn't noticed before, seemed to wrap the blonde in a warm cocoon. She let her troubles and cares melt away. A smile formed on her face.

"Good girl," Erin whispered. 

Serena, relaxed, comfortable and intoxicated by Erin's scent, placed her lips against those of the succubus and when they kissed, slipped her tongue into Erin's mouth. Erin's own tongue met hers. The two of them lip-locked until Serena was forced to break the kiss to breathe. 

"What else can I do to you?"

"Indulge yourself. Whatever you always wanted to try with a woman."

Erin lay still on the bed, her legs spread, and let the blonde slowly kiss her neck. Serena then moved her way down and trailed her tongue down Erin's cleavage. The succubus shuddered and moaned appreciatively. 

Serena pivoted around and kissed Erin's feet. As she moved upwards, the succubus first caressed, then kissed, Serena's legs. The two women kissed farther and farther upwards, their bodies moving closer to a 69.

"You don't mind me being on top?"

"Not at all, dearie."

Erin's long tongue brushed against Serena's slit. The blonde gasped, then fully positioned herself. Her own tongue lapped up Erin's leaking juices. The fluid was hot, but not scalding.

As Serena pressed her pussy more firmly downwards onto the succubus' tongue, Erin's tail, which had been caressing the back of the blonde's legs, rubbed briefly aganst Serena's slit before the tip pressed against Serena's rear opening. Erin eased it inside and very slowly moved it, causing additional pleasurable sensations to run through the blonde's body. Between the tongue in her pussy and the tail in her back-channel, Serena was already close to cumming. 

Serena lapped away at the succubus' slit. Erin's legs gently secured her head in place. The succubus' shapely body quivered with pleasure. 

The two women climaxed simultaneously. They continued on, licking and kissing each other's pussies, until both had three more orgasms.

Erin, sensing Serena's physical fatigue, relaxed her legs, and Serena stood up. After a pit stop, she lay back down next to Erin and let the succubus enfold her. 

"That was lovely."

"We still have about six hours before your time is up. Why don't you take a little nap? i'll wake you with an hour to go and we can finish very pleasurably."

"Deal."

Serena pressed against Erin, and between Erin's body, arms, wings and tail, she felt content and happy in the succubus' warm embrace. Her eyes closed.

Erin lay still, enjoying the blonde's body against hers. and relaxed for a bit. True to her word, with about an hour to go, she nuzzled Serena's neck. The blonde stirred to life. 

"Mmmm. Thank you for being with me."

"My pleasure. And yours as well."

"Speaking of pleasure..."

"Allow me."

The succubus' lips met Serena's and for a few minutes, they made out. When the blonde was again ready to go, Erin lay her on her back and spread her legs. She once more inserted the tip of her tail in the blonde's back-channel.

Serena purred as Erin began rubbing her pussy against the blonde's. She quickly built towards another orgasm.

Erin wrapped her body and wings around the blonde again, once more enveloping her in a cocoon of happiness. Serena relaxed and let Erin, through Serena's climaxes, gradually transfer her energy. A timeless interval seemed to pass.

"Ready?" the succubus murmured.

Serena smiled. "Yes."

With one final orgasm, the blonde released her soul as she passed from the world. The succubus accepted the gift gratefully.

*

"Mission complete."

"Great job, Erinyxes. You made her happy in more ways than just sexually."

Erinyxes closed Serena's eyes. The blonde did look finally at peace. Then the succubus returned to her home, waiting for the next call.