 Copyright© 2008 RipCurrent all rights reserved

*

On Halloween evening, Victor Soren walked into a dimly lit club near the beach. A thriving costume party bubbled around him. Women, their alluring attire revealed form, but provocatively concealed detail, danced, flirted and competed in sexy witch, flapper and princess costumes. Men in rough roguish costumes like pirates, pimps and gunslingers danced with the minxes and they ruled the dance floor. The dancers gyrated and shuffled between pools of colored light.

Victor stood by the door, scanning the crowd, from the smiling and laughing dancers, to tables of serious drinkers, to couples huddled close at the large square bar, to the two lovely bartenders hustling to keep up with the thirsty crowd. 

Victor breathed deeply and sighed at the cauldron of emotions: love, jealousy, joy, mirth, anger, heartache, hope and lust, lots of lust. He discovered the perfect brew, but fitting prey did not distinguish themselves from the joyous throng.

Victor padded through the milling crowd, sidestepping and constantly scanning. He found her sitting at the bar chatting to a man standing close, his arm protectively draped on the back of her barstool. They spoke low, gazing into each other's eyes in their own private bubble of warmth. Nothing aroused Victor like a woman in love.

She flattered a tight white angel's costume. It comprised of angel wings and a slip dress with a feathered hem caressing her upper thighs. She balanced on the edge of her seat, with her long shapely legs elegantly resting on the bronze footrest running round the bar.

Her boyfriend wore a pirates costume with, black pants, a white shirt with puffy sleeves, black vest, black knee high boots, a red sash around his waist, a red bandana and a few days beard growth. The costume was believable except the silly grin and soft eyed gaze directed at Victor's prey. 

Victor sidled up to her on the opposite side from her man, and said conspiratorially, "Angels have so far to fall."

"What..." She said scornfully. She turned to face Victor and when their eyes met, she recoiled. Her rouged lips parted with a deliciously moist pop. Victor wantonly scrutinized her from her delicate white pumps up to her arresting cerulean eyes. 

She blanched and ripped her gaze from his. Concentrating on her wine glass, she recovered enough to stammer, "What is that supposed to mean?" 

"What do you think it means?" he purred.

She replied sarcastically, "I don't know. That might be why I asked." Her boyfriend grinned sardonically at Victor and took a strong pull on his bottled Heineken. 

Placidly Victor said, "Are you offended by my comment?" 

"No..." She said unconvincingly. "I was just startled, we were speaking." She indicated herself and her boyfriend. 

"I startled you?" 

"I just didn't know you were there." She said annoyed.

"But, you were speaking to me, weren't you?"

"Well, I...." She said squirming in her seat.

Victor interrupted, "I won't be offended, I've been told my gaze is intense."

She exhaled, "Yes, just like a wolf." She took a deep breath, faced him again and gazed into his eyes. "Like you're gonna eat me up!" And she barked an uneasy laugh.

"No, not eat you up... but I will lovingly embrace you and suckle your exquisite, warm essence." Victor failed to banish the yearning from his voice. Her large eyes widened in alarm. Victor let her glimpse his naked craving and her face flushed with delectable warm blood.

Victor teased her desires with low sensuous voice, his predatory gaze never let her question she was the object of his towering lust. He would keep her attention giving his powerful pheromones time to wreak havoc on her self-control. Her boyfriend unwittingly furthered Victor's cause by placing her in a warm, safe, amorous mood. Victor watched the tension mount in her, electrified by the prospect of her defilement. 

The bar bell rang out, signifying a large tip. Victor blinked, severing the connection and he continued, "For I am Victor Soren the vampire." He held out his arms, displaying his costume cape and he bowed deeply.

She nervously chuckled and said, "I am Korina Seymore the angel." 

Victor gently kissed Korina's warm hand saying in an exaggerated Transylvanian accent, "I vant to suck your blood, heh, heh."

"Yeah funny, and I'm William Wiles, Korina's boyfriend and Pirate." William advanced dominating Victor in muscled mass. "Ye, scallywag, I'll run ya completely through." William bellowed without mirth.

William held out his hand and Victor clasped. William grinned victoriously and clamped down, his tendons strained, his teeth clenched, but Victor didn't react. Concern swept William's ruddy, handsome face. Then Victor vised William's hand. William paled and sweat beads oozed from his forehead. Victor calmly waited. As desperation claimed William's countenance, Victor graciously freed him. 

William looked over Victor's lean body quizzically. He walked back to his place behind Korina and left-handedly hefted his Heineken and downed the remaining half. He stared into the distance and belched loudly. 

"William?" Korina whirled on him, "That's disgusting!"

"Shut up Korina, just shut the fuck up." He snarled.

"Will... What's the matter?" She cried. 

"Why don't you and Victor continue your nice chat while I go pee?" He glared at her for a moment then stalked off. Korina stared at his receding back with her mouth open. She looked at Victor questioningly and he nodded.

"What? What did I do?" She asked. 

"You don't know why he's angry?"

"No..." Korina answered tentatively. 

"What would I like to do to you Korina?" he asked.

She looked away and in a whisper, "How would I know?"

"You know I want to do everything to you, Korina. Everything, until we are both completely sated. Then I would take you again. William knows what I want and he doesn't think he can stop me."

Victor grasped the feathered hem of her costume between her legs. She jerked upright and sat back in her chair, crushing her angel wings. Her large sky blue eyes wide in surprise, he could feel her heart racing. She swallowed with difficulty and stammered, "Y-You shouldn't do that."

Leaning into her and whispering into her ear, "I know, but you are summoning me." 

She looked crushed, "No, no I'm not. I'm here with William..."

Victor pointedly looked at her chest, "You're not feeling... warm?"

She crossed her arms and said, "It's for William."

"Except you weren't in that state when I arrived, I checked."

Flustered she said "No."

"You are feeling aroused," he said running a finger along her supple thigh. 

"Stop." She whispered.

"You haven't done anything wrong Korina." Victor purred while placing his other hand on the back of her barstool. "Outwardly you were barely civil to me. That's all. However, I am very sensitive to other's emotional state. You beckon me with your abundant charms and I crave to respond." 

Victor felt her heat and her tension rise. He slid his hand across her knotted shoulders. Stress crushed her painfully tight; Victor squeezed the tension from her shoulders. Korina whimpered and leaned her head on Victor's chest. Her arm went around him and fisted the cloak between his shoulder blades. ***

William joined the bathroom line waiting for the toilet because some idiot stuffed the urinal with hand towels. He was sixth in line waiting for one toilet. He massaged his hand trying to comprehend what had happened. 

William was proud of his strength, but particularly his grip. Many hours of rock climbing had honed his hands into calloused claws. He warded off many sweet-talking, would be suitors of Korina with just a handshake. No one bested him with a handshake... until the skinny, pale, pencil-necked Victor.

He distractedly moved up one place. An unwelcome ache settled in his chest. Detestable weakness made him punish Korina for his own feelings of inadequacy. He felt out of sorts since Victor showed, as if some implacably evil lurked patiently waiting to pounce. He uncharacteristically worried. 

It was no excuse, he disappointed himself. He thought about Victor and his uneasiness deepened. A certainty stilled him; he needed to get back to Korina. If it turned out Victor was the better man, so be it, but he would not give up the right to hold Korina's hand without the fight of his life. A man staggered out of the stall and another went in. He moved up. From the stall, "Oh, shit" followed by moaning. The line groaned in unison. 

William tried to think calmly. He said to the line, "Look fellahs, there's a guy trying to steal my girl. I need to get back to her. I don't mean to offend, but I'm gonna piss in the sink."

He stepped out of line for the sink. The man up front ushered him forward. "She's all yours". 

After he finished, the same man patted him on the back and said, "Go kick shit out of that bastard, brother!"

William said vehemently, "That shitheel's gonna wake in the hospital two weeks from now with tubes comin' out his fucked up face".

The line cheered and patted his back on the way out. He confidently marched out of the bathroom and rounded a corner, and a mule kicked him in the chest. Breath wouldn't come. Something vital died in him. Weakness softened his knees and he wobbled, but he couldn't look away as Victor toyed with his love. ***

Korina yearned to be touched; she had never felt so randy. Her nipples were so tight they stuck through material and breathing stimulated them. She was moist between her legs and feared she scented the air with her lust.

William walked away from her, and Victor devoured her with his eyes, that predatory gaze that promised exquisite carnal fulfillment. She sighed. 

With his hand so close to her burning sexual center, she nonchalantly relaxed. Her legs parted slightly and she slid down the chair enough for her aching sex to brush his cool fingers. She closed her eyes with a gasp of need. His fingers moved, thrilling and disgusting her. She knew Victor would use her right then and there. 

Delicious heat built low in her belly. She trembled with tension. How she wanted Victor's attention. He pushed her panties aside; she moaned and shamelessly spread her legs more. She scanned the people close by, and they quickly looked away. They knew. He easily slipped inside her, and she rolled her hips desperately to meet him. 

She squirmed on the barstool while his fingers thrillingly found her hotspots. Her tension built quickly she felt a scandalous howl building from her curling toes. She turned to him and bit his chest, filling her mouth the silky material of his vest.

Victor whispered in her ear, "Do you love William?"

Ecstasy rippled through her trembling body and she moaned joy and anguish into his vest. Hot tears squeezed from her eyes. Her hand, fisted in his cloak, punched his back repeatedly. The emotional rollercoaster sapped her strength and she clung to him until the ecstasy parted and the agony remained. 

"Why do you hurt me so?" She whispered tearfully. 

"It's my nature." 

Angrily she replied, "I know I betrayed William. I know I'm a slut. Why do you..." 

Victor tenderly stroked her hair, "You're not to blame. You never stood a chance." 

"What do you mean?" Korina asked in confusion.

"You've earned my attention Korina, and my attention will bring you to the heights of ecstasy and the deepest despair -- you will be broken and you will kneel down and beg me to break you." 

Plaintively she began, "Why would you..." 

"I am evil, Korina."

"No..." she shook her head vehemently. "People aren't evil, they do evil..."

He interrupted, impatiently "I am not people Korina. You speak from ignorance and innocence, both of which I will rape from you." 

He grasped her long dark silken hair, pulled down, and tilted her face up. He gently wiped her clear, pure lubrication under her nose and onto her sensuous lips and said, "Open." Her lips parted and he slid glistening fingers into her warm mouth. She delicately suckled while patrons looked on in disgust, outrage and longing. 

Tears leaked from the corners of her eyes and ran into her silken hair. Her eyes closed and her expression, tilted heavenward, bespoke a heartrending mix of desire and anguish. "Korina you are tragically beautiful." Victor said his voice heavy with emotion. He kissed her tears. 

Korina knew something horrible had happened, she opened her eyes and spied William's demise. His despair lanced her aching chest and for a moment, the lusty haze lifted. She spat Victor's fingers out and leapt off the barstool. "Will!" She cried horrified at what she had done. Korina made one step toward William when her head jerked back violently; Victor still held her hair. 

Victor spun her round and crushed her to him. His gaze pierced her and she couldn't look into their sanguinary ferocity. William wasn't in view, but Korina knew he was coming for her. Korina knew it like she knew the sun would rise. All she had to do was fend Victor off until William could join her.

***

"Get the fuck off her." William roared and charged Victor who stepped away from Korina. William threw a flurry of punches that missed by ridiculous margins. William doubted. He couldn't understand how Victor could move so fast. He didn't go on the offensive and William knew Victor toyed with him. 

William had one trick left. His attacks had all been with fists. He meant to take Victor by surprise. A lightening fast snap kick caught Victor under the chin. William followed immediately with a left jab and an over the top right hook to Victor's nose. William's muscle and weight advantage told and Victor slammed into the bar and went sprawling to the floor. William leapt on him straddling him. William desperately punched down on his face. Victor's head repeatedly bounced off the floor. In triumphant glee, William thought the fight was over. 

Victor bared his teeth and William looked directly into the face of hateful evil. He winced and Victor bucked. William flew through the air, landed in a shoulder roll and was on his feet with his guard up. Victor was, impossibly, directly in front of William. William saw the punch coming. He blocked it, but it didn't matter. It crashed through William's guard and exploded on his chin.

He woke to the coppery taste of blood and a stabbing pain in his jaw. His head throbbed with each beat of his heart. He heard a female keening in either luscious rapture or maybe torture. He tried to rise, but his head swam and a wave of nausea crashed into him. 

He groaned and noticed three burly bouncers on the floor by him moaning. A shrill panicked voice kept screaming, "I'm calling the police! I'm calling the police! You better leave this instant!" The patrons fled or stood transfixed, eyes wide, mouths agape, in wide semi-circle. 

William looked toward the center of the circle and saw what Victor was doing to Korina to make her moan so. "No!" He said in a hoarse whisper. He slowly rose to his knees; he brought his legs under him in a squatting position. In a haze, a pattern of blood spots on the tiled floor between his legs fascinated William. He watched as new drops splashed on the floor changing the pattern. Korina moaned and he broke free of his trance. William willed energy to his legs, gritted his teeth and rose, wobbled and the floor leapt at him. 

***

The exquisite warmth left when Korina cried for Will. William surprised Victor with speed, skill, and Korina's devotion to him. After he had subdued William, Korina attacked like an Amazon, hot fury and flying limbs. 

Victor slapped her into the vacated barstools and they tumbled like dominoes. Three burly bouncers with necks thicker than their heads, descended from the upstairs portion of the club. They charged after witnessing a vampire slapping a beautiful angel down. Outraged, they attacked. 

Victor would not be surprised again. He silently padded, always moving, rapidly circling, his eyes glaring cold fury. Victor made their superior numbers a hindrance, as they got in each other's way. 

Victor circled left and isolated one, he zoomed in and flattened his nose with the heel of his left hand and blood gushed down the bouncers face and onto his tee shirt. Victor immediately followed with the right and his knuckles struck the bouncer's throat. The bouncer grasped his own neck and collapsed sideways into a small circular table. 

The second, enraged, charged his head down meaning to tackle Victor but Victor leapt sideways. The big man slammed into a load-bearing stanchion and the entire structure reverberated. He stood dazedly and Victor finished him off with a roundhouse kick to the temple. The bouncer spun around and collapsed in a heap. 

Victor turned his attention to the last bouncer, who looked at his friends and feared. Victor could smell it. He locked eyes with the bouncer and commanded, "Leave now!" Relieved, the last turned to go but stopped. 

He faced Victor again and the fear remained, but defiance stood beside it. He said quietly, "I won't do that." 

Victor nodded at him and began circling while the last bouncer breathed deeply and cautiously advanced. Victor charged in standing hip to hip Victor grabbed his face and while sweeping his legs out from under him, threw his head toward the floor. The last bouncer's head hit the floor with a sickening clack. He lay motionless.

Victor went to claim his prize. Korina sobbed and crawled toward William. She saw him and horror welled up. "Stay away from me!" She shrieked. Blood leaked from her lip and Victor stared knowing he shouldn't, not here. 

Victor calmly assessed the situation. Some patrons still stared on in shock. A blond bartender's cell phone slipped out of her shaking hand. "God damn it!" She shouted in frustration. She looked up and spied Victor's perusal. Her eyes went wide; her hands covered her mouth as she shrieked. 

Victor knew he shouldn't, but he had to feel Korina's warmth again. He swept down on her, straddling her. She struggled, but he overpowered her. She sobbed and pleaded, "Victor, please don't do this to me." He softened his gaze and his voice and said, "You could ask waves to stop crashing on the shore." He bent down, tasted her, and knew he could not stop. He licked at her bleeding mouth. Burning joy slid down his throat and fed his aching need. 

A blissfully deep reverberation rumbled from deep in his chest. He felt perspiration and knew Korina's warmth would return shortly. He shivered in anticipation. She started to move underneath him, but she wasn't trying to escape. 

He squeezed, and caressed her. He kissed, tasted and licked her supple flesh, warm with circulating blood. She moaned and her exquisite heat built. 

***

Korina struggled to get out from under him, but Victor pinned her arms over her head. He sat atop her, watching her. He bent over and she thought he meant to steal a kiss, so she turned her head. He kissed and lapped the corner of her mouth. He groaned a deep rumble of satisfaction that rippled through her stimulating all her nerve endings. 

His scent intensified, it wasn't sweet or pleasant, it smelled like a man's sweat, but more powerful. Warmth deliciously spread through her lower body. Her nipples hardened tight and erect, begging for notice and he noticed. 

He let go her arms. She should have punched him. She should have defied him She grabbed his upper arms and squeezed with all her might. He roughly grasped the softest flesh above her thumping heart. She shivered under him. 

Victor stood up unzipped his pants and pulled out his long thick erection. Korina yearned to have it deep inside her. Wild reckless thoughts crashed into her mind. Korina moaned for Victor to claim her. She craved to be smeared with his sweat and semen.  
