 How long had they wandered through this shadowed landscape? Everything around them seemed familiar, but off. The trees over there, normally healthy and green, had a purplish tinge, as if she was seeing them through a filter.

This pocket dimension, if that is what it was, had dangers aplenty. When the cataclysm arrived, she had been refilling the water caskets with Ora and Lily. Together, they had managed to hide near the burbling brook, which had been transformed into a cascade of purple rapids.

This gave them a perfect view between the twisted shrubbery to watch as the rest of the village was attacked by horrific monsters. Plant women, painted shades of green, flooded from the woods, grabbing unsuspecting fairies and impaling them on their vine tentacles. Jellyfish monsters floated from the sky, zapping the terrified villagers, herding them towards their doom.

Those who tried to escape fled right into a crowd of amorphous, fleshy monsters. Log-shaped towers with tentacle arms reached out for their slender bodies. A writhing, fleshy cone with tubular arms grabbed an isolated fairy and jammed her into its mouth.

Whether it was attempting something sexual, or trying to eat her, Vera didn't know. Either way, she knew there was no way she could help any of them, even though she had trained extensively in hand to hand combat. There were just too many of them.

She had lived for over three hundred years and had never seen anything so terrifying. Being the eldest of the group, it had fallen to her to gather up the other two fairies and make good their escape, leaving their half filled caskets on the bank of the river.

There had been no plan - merely a frantic run through the darkened forest, filled with dead limbs and twisted trees, aided by their flapping wings. They had spent hours straining their ears for signs of monsters, taking care to hide whenever a gruesome beast waddled past.

One of the creatures had the appearance of a large werewolf, padding through the undercanopy on all fours, nose in the air. The most frightening aspect was not his abundance of fur, but the gigantic, erect dick so long that it almost dragged on the ground. She could imagine being speared by its tremendous length, and shuddered.

Luckily, they were downwind, and weren't spotted. That wasn't the only creature lurking, however. She had spotted a spider overhead mere moments before Ora had stepped into its trap, and Lily had almost revealed herself to a giant, floating bag of flesh.

They were too terrified to speak to each other, meekly following Vera's lead. The problem was that she didn't know where she was going. Was there any safe place for them to hide?

Their only lead was a giant, sparkling purple bolt which rent the sky, somewhere further ahead. She wasn't quite sure what it meant, but it was the only obvious landmark they could investigate. Wandering around aimlessly was unlikely to bring them anywhere useful, so she plodded onwards, being careful to avoid the messy knots of tree roots.

She never thought she'd be trapped in a fractured reality filled with creatures that wanted to fuck her. Daily assignations were the norm in the fairy village, and she had fooled around plenty with some of the others. Lily had even graced her bed once, but it was never anything serious.

What they had shared was a gentle pleasure, a calm interlude under the boughs of strong branches wet with dew. This was a violent shattering of everything they had known, a sharp blade tearing through their psyche.

Ora's lips were working, barely restraining her terror. "Do you think that... thing is gone?" she whispered frantically.

Vera put a finger to her lips. "Shh, be quiet, do you want that gigantic spider to find us?"

Ora went white as a sheet, whiter even than her usual coloration. "I can't stand this. Why are they doing this to us?"

"I don't know," replied Vera, putting on a brave face. "But we're going to get out of here somehow."

She kept moving, vaulting over a stand of fronds. The others followed her reluctantly.

"We're going to be fucked," said Lily, blankly, not seeming to care too much one way or the other. She must be shell shocked. "Does it even matter what we do? There's no escape."

"Shut it," hissed Vera. "If you want to give up, go ahead and let yourself be plowed by one of those living plants, but I intend to fight!"

Her fiery temper had gotten her into trouble before, but here it seemed justified. Let the others waste their time thinking about their hopeless situation. She had a plan.

Only, that plan seemed to crumble once they reached the verge of the forest. Hiding in a bush, she got a good view of the plains beyond, and was horrified.

The lightning bolt-like plasma that rent the sky descended into a cloudy circle of light, a rip in the fabric of their reality. She could see vague motion inside the circle, as if it was a porthole to another place and time. While the surrounding plains appeared green enough, the area around the portal was barren, dirt and rocks, no signs of life.

A small stand of trees used to live where the portal had descended, but the bulk of the vegetation had been removed, destroyed down to their trunks. It was almost as if they had been sliced in twain, perfect cuts made two feet above the ground.

Upon one of the tree trunks sat a solitary figure, humming and rubbing her hand up and down. From this distance, she looked like another fairy, but Vera was wary. Something about the tableau seemed very wrong to her.

Where were the other fairies? Why were there no monsters guarding the portal?

She put her hands out in front of her compatriots. "Hold here," she whispered. "I'll go check it out."

"Okay," replied Ora, biting her nails.

She knew Ora would do as she was told, but Lily was an unknown quantity. The other fairy used to be a firebrand, but the shock of this place had made her unstable. If another monster showed up, she had no idea what she might do.

Best to get a move on, then. This puzzle wasn't going to solve itself.

She stood up, walking with false confidence towards the portal. As she closed with the figure, the finer details resolved and she blanched.

The figure sitting on the tree stump was indeed a fairy, but something had been done to her. Her skin was an unnatural shade of blue, her hands and feet coated with a black, furry substance. Pink claws decorated the tips of her gloved hands, the same color as her nipples and the tip of her penis. Her wings were decayed, the filmy material damaged and frayed as if she no longer needed them.

Tan looking tentacles were wrapped around her waist, attaching a creature to her butt. Its thick tail spiraled down to the ground, thumping against the rocky surface as the fairy's hand moved up and down.

Her eyes grew wide. The fairy was jacking off, her hand wrapped around a truly enormous penis, its thick girth swelled large with anticipation. She couldn't stop herself from imagining what it would feel like to have it inside her, plumbing her depths with its obscene length.

The worst part was that she recognized this fairy. Her name was Nikki, and she was usually in charge of the cooking. What had happened to her, and why was she sitting here, masturbating?

"I know you're there," said Nikki, continuing to stroke her cock. She looked up, spearing Vera with golden colored eyes, her pupils black slits. "What do you think?" she asked. "Doesn't it look amazingly thick?"

A dribble of precum slid from the tip, running over the glans, making her hand slick with lubrication. "See? It looks so happy. It's ready for you."

She licked her lips with an impossibly long tongue. "Would you like a taste?"

Vera looked for a way to get around the fairy, but she had seated herself right in front of the portal. From this distance, she could see through the circle, a vast, green forest beyond. She wanted more than anything else to step through it and experience the calmness of its vast nature. To escape the horror of this hellscape.

She needed to get past this fairy first. "Please, Nikki, would you step aside? I want to see what's on the other side of that portal."

Nikki stopped stroking, and stood, her penis standing out straight in front of her like a spear. "I'm afraid I can't let you do that," she replied, staring intensely. "The portal is only for new acquisitions, not for escapees."

"How about this," she said, her tail twisting behind her as if it had a mind of its own. "Let's fight, and if you win, I'll let you go through. But only if you really want to."

Her phrasing made it sound like there would be something preventing her from wanting to leave, but that seemed impossible. Regardless, the deal wasn't good enough.

"If I win," she stated calmly, "I and anyone else I want to bring with me gets to leave through that portal. Unmolested."

The corrupted fairy smiled, her sharp teeth giving her a shark's grin. "You're on," she said, spreading her arms wide in a fighting pose.

Vera wasn't interested in a drawn out battle. She wanted to win. What came after winning, she wasn't sure, but anything was better than remaining here.

She drew in her breath as if to say something, but instead imbued it with the primal strength of her wind spirits, increasing the volume and power as she exhaled. A cloud of air exploded from her lips, eddies swirling as the wind picked up dust, flinging it at her opponent.

Nikki laughed, folding her hands over her chest as she was pushed back a few feet. "It's going to take more than that!" she declared, her gloved hands reaching out.

Before Vera could react, the corrupted fairy had closed the gap between them with unbelievable speed, almost as though she was phase shifting through the air. The evil fairy's body collided with her, flinging her to the ground. She cried as her back hit a rock, the blunt surface bruising her nude skin.

As if this indignity wasn't enough, the evil fairy's blue face loomed close, a mocking smirk opening to reveal a long, forked tongue. Vera tried to pull away in disgust, but this left her open in other areas.

The tip of the fallen fairy's cock pressed against her vulva, prickling against her lips. Without ceremony, the evil fairy plunged her shaft inside, forcing a yelp from Vera. "I'm going to fuck you over and over again with my thick cock," she declared. "Every hole, every position. I'm going to make you love it, and then I'm going to make you like me."

Vera groaned, the huge penis plumbing her depths. She was getting frantic now, because she was starting to enjoy the assault. It had been so sudden her mind still didn't believe what was happening.

"It feels so good to fuck other fairies. I just want to have all of you," Nikki moaned, leaning in to press her mouth against Vera's.

Vera was having a hard time resisting, the long tongue jamming between her lips and licking her insides. She was being fucked by this evil creature and it felt amazing!

Her body writhed, completely under the control of the demonic cock. She knew she couldn't let it ejaculate inside her, or she was finished. She would be ceding control of her body to lust, and she just knew she wouldn't be able to climb back out of that pit. If she didn't get this fairy off her now, she might as well concede!

It was one of the most difficult things she had ever done, but she manage to roll over, putting herself on top. In this new position, despite the thickness penetrating her, the pleasure wasn't as immediate. She could control what the other fairy was doing, preventing her from thrusting.

She slapped Nikki, crying out in anger. "What the fuck is wrong with you?" she declared, slapping her another time for good measure.

This seemed to stun the other fairy for a moment, allowing her to jump from her body. Lubrication dripped from her vagina, and the corrupted fairy's thick cock danced in the air. She wanted to jump back onto to, to let it pound her to completion, but she knew that was her libido talking.

Nikki's face scrunched into a glare. "How dare you!" she cried. "I'm so close to an orgasm!"

She climbed off the ground and settled back into a fighting pose, her cock sagging a little towards the ground. Her face was grim. She wasn't going to fool around this time.

That was fine, because Vera was done fooling, too. If the evil fairy managed to get her cock inside her a second time, she wasn't sure she would have the fortitude necessary to resist.

Wiser now, she spotted the corrupted fairy's attack before it could connect, working to time an uppercut that would hopefully hit the other fairy in her chin and knock her out. If she could accomplish that, the deal would be moot.

However, Nikki had judged the distance perfectly, staying just outside of Vera's windup. She ended up thrusting her fist into the air uselessly. She blushed, embarrassed.

The evil fairy had her foot braced behind her, getting ready for another move. Vera pulled herself back together, but not in time to figure out which move was being telegraphed. A spinning foot whistled through the air, smacking her in the head.

She was falling again, bouncing against the rocky soil from another devastating hit. Her head buzzed like a drum. No! Not again!

Fortunately, this time the fairy didn't try for her vagina. Instead, Nikki grabbed her arms off the ground and pulled them taut, bracing her foot against Vera's snatch. In this position, she was helpless to resist as Nikki's foot began to move, rubbing back and forth with quick jerks.

Her previous arousal jolted higher and she cried out, moaning as her vulva was stimulated by the fallen fairy's toes.

"You're never going to get out of here. You're going to be fucked by me and breed more parasites. And you're going to like it."

Vera was starting to believe her.

***

"She's losing," moaned Ora. "What are we going to do?"

Lily mumbled to herself. "It's hopeless. It's hopeless. We gotta go now or we're fucked."

She broke into a run, leaving Ora behind to her own devices. She could only think of herself now. This was her chance, since the fallen fairy was occupied with Vera. If she could just slip past them, there was a chance she could escape!

The blue fairy looked at her smugly as she worked her foot over Vera's crotch, but did nothing to stop Lily. She was getting closer to the distorted image, and could almost make out what looked like a strange vision of their former treetop village, the idyllic place she called home.

She was only a few meters away when she tripped, falling face first onto the ground. Something slimy had attached itself to her ankle, wrapping itself around her foot. She turned to look at what it could be, disgusted to see that it was a segmented worm, gripping her ankle with two small arms that looked like red ribbons.

She shook her foot in an attempt to remove it, but it stayed on stubbornly. She reached down to grab it, frowning at the nasty texture as she unwound its arms. Fortunately, it wasn't too difficult to remove, despite how sticky the appendages were, and she made a sigh of relief.

Unfortunately, her victory was short lived. While she had been distracted, more of the worms had burrowed through the ground around her sitting position, taking this moment to make a little hop onto her chest. Their semi-circular mouths wrapped around her nipples, the ribbon arms reaching around her back and sticking to her skin to hold them in place.

They worked on her breasts like suction pumps, yanking and tugging. It was more disturbing than arousing, but it was definitely debilitating. She wanted them off her immediately!

She tugged and pulled, groaning as they nipped at her nipples. Her breasts were feeling heavy, as if they had milk to deliver, but she knew that was nonsense. It was just a natural reaction to her current predicament.

A dark shadow overlooked her struggles, heavy breathing accompanied by a high pitched, alien sound.

She stopped trying to remove the alien worms, looking up at a truly enormous specimen with trepidation. Her heart flipped in her chest, a frisson of fear running up her neck. What the fuck was that?

It was three times as tall as the average fairy, and at least seven meters long. It looked similar to the smaller worms, but was enlarged to an unbelievable size. It opened its cavernous mouth, shaped like a beak, the dark interior roaring as a blast of hot air rushed at her body.

The alien worms on her chest were the least of her problems. She wanted nothing more than to get away.

Turning, she tried to get to her feet to run from the terrifying monster. She was only able to take a single step before a gigantic red ribbon slapped across her back, knocking her back to the ground.

The worms on her chest took the brunt of the impact without any apparent strain. They continued their sucking action, working her breasts like pistons. She strained, trying to move, but the large ribbons from the huge beast had returned, attaching to her waist.

The monster made that strange noise again, pulling her back towards its mouth. She could only imagine the beak opening wide as if to eat her.

She struggled harder, doing her best to rip the ribbon off, but to no avail. Her wings fluttered and she kicked, but she was being dragged further backwards. She stared at the pristine landscape through the portal and wailed. She had been so close!

A hot, wet tongue pressed against her pussy, laving back and forth in a surprisingly arousing tickling action. Something hard pressed at her rear, and she stilled, fearing what would come next. A tearing pain came from her ass as a thick bulge jammed inside. She writhed as it worked deeper, ignoring the resistance from her muscles.

Pushing past the outer ring, the bulge was sucked inside, making her feel full. She strained, trying to push it back out, but that only helped it to push in further. The alien was ramming its organic tentacle up her butt and she couldn't do anything about it!

The tongue pressed past her inner lips, working her interior. It only acted as a minor distraction to what was happening in her butt. The tentacle in her ass pushed further, feeding itself inside. As it remodeled her interior guts with its presence, she was pulled backwards into the monster's mouth.

The interior of the mouth was dark and warm, and she could feel her legs touching the edge of its slimy throat. She was resigned. This was going to happen whether she wanted it to or not. The monster would swallow her and fuck her. That was her fate.

Her belly lurched as the monster's tentacle penetrated further. She could feel something pushing up her throat. She retched as it sprouted past her lips, a great, bulbous stalk, segmented like bamboo. The end was thick and red, a round pulsating sac with attached tendrils.

Her body sank further, pulled inside the interior of the monster. The tongue had stopped its ministrations, her body sinking past the fleshy muscle. She had expected to be held there in the dark, but some sort of luminescent fungus illuminated the reddish interior. It was warm and wet, but not too uncomfortable. She could almost have imagined it to be a sauna if she hadn't been this creature's prey.

Her butt settled firmly against a fleshy platform at the bottom of the creature's stomach, her legs splayed outward. A hissing white cloud of gas drifted past her vision and she smelled peaches.

She gurgled, her muscles clenching around the stalk which had penetrated her ass. It had threaded her entire body, working its way throughout her system. Its swelling bulb pulled back a little until it had blocked her mouth, forcing her to look upwards and preventing it from being removed. She was well and truly stuck.

Thick tentacles from below pushed into her pussy, gushing liquid inside her body. She felt her belly, surprised at how large it had already swelled. The monster was breeding her.
