 I've been reading stories involving succubi and demons for a long time on literotica and for even longer in urban fantasy novels. I was watching a Q&A on youtube a while back. One of my favorite authors was explaining that he purposefully writes at a high school reading level, so that the language of the story doesn't distract from the readers immersion. My immediate reaction was, "Hey I graduated from high school, this whole writing thing can't be that hard." This story was the result. I had a lot of fun writing it and I hope a few of you can find some enjoyment in it as well.

All characters in this story are at least 18 years of age and YOU must be 18 years of age in order to read it. So if you are under the age of 18, please kindly click that back button. 

I love feedback and constructive criticism. So rate it and let me know what you think. Enjoy!

***

A forest could seem like an alien world at night. Tom Thornton couldn't tell if the snow was still falling or if it had just been whipped up by the wind. It howled around him, deafening him to his surroundings. The fresh powder stung his exposed skin, like a slap to the face. The lack of light played tricks on his eyes. There always seemed to be something just out sight or at the corners of his vision. Eyes in the darkness watching his progress. Or was that the hypothermia beginning to affect his mind? 

What the hell am I doing out here, he thought.

This was supposed to be a fun distraction before finals started. A weekend in the mountains skiing with friends, a way for them to clear their minds before they all put their nose to the grindstone. He didn't even like skiing. He hadn't done it since a school trip as a kid. It was his roommate that dragged him out here. He said he wanted him to get out of the house, give him an opportunity to be more social. Tom suspected he was really here to even out the numbers. Not that the odd girl out had shown any interest in him. It was clear Katie Evans saw only a geek when she looked at him. To be fair, that's exactly what he was. A geek. A fact, he would like to be proud of at the moment. Geeks didn't tend to freeze to death on ski trips. Yet here he was. 

The trip had gotten off to a good enough start. The area was beautiful, fresh air and pine trees as far as the eye could see. The area was remote enough to be peaceful, without the crowds of more popular skiing destinations. His morning had been spent fumbling around, looking like an idiot with skies. He had fallen more than a few times, to the amusement of his much more experienced friends. Still the trip was fun, despite the unnerving feeling he sometimes got when looking out on the tree line. Something about this mountain set his hair on end.

He had gotten separated from the group sometime during the afternoon. A stupid mistake, the kind only the inexperienced would make. Went out into the woods to take a piss and got turned around. He had searched for the trail back to the cabin for hours. Before he knew it darkness fell, the sky clouded over and the wind picked up. Now the only things he saw were the trees and the endless stream of snow streaking past his vision.

Where the hell had this storm come from? There was nothing on the weather about a front moving in.

Although warmly dressed for skiing, no one could be out in this type of weather for long. The chill had already started to sink into his feet and hands. Frostbite and hypothermia would soon follow. The gravity of the situation began to take hold. This was the type of weather people died in, he thought.

Hugging his arms to his body he trudged through the knee deep snow. His legs felt like a ton of bricks every time he lifted them. It seemed like every step took more energy than the last as he moved forward. He so very wanted to sit down for a minute and rest. Just a minute before continuing on. A little voice in the back of his mind told him to keep moving. That if he stopped he would never get back up again. Every minute was a struggle to keep moving. This was a game of endurance he knew he would lose.

His steps had just begun to waver when he saw it. A light cutting through the trees. A light in the darkness. 

I'm saved, he thought.

He made a beeline for that small glimmer of hope. If he could just reach that light it would all work out. 

I better not be hallucinating, he thought.

As he got closer he saw the light for what it was. A small log cabin, its illuminated windows casting dark shadows through the forest. It gave the area an almost sinister look.

He finally reached the door and fumbled with the handle, his numb fingers refusing to cooperate. After what seemed like forever the handle turned. Relief washed over him as he realized it was unlocked. Wrenching it open, he slipped inside. He barely got a look at the room, before he had to strain against the wind and snow to shut the door. He took a moment to breathe a sigh of relief, his forehead resting against the inside of the door.

I'm alive, he thought.

He jumped as a warm breath on his neck sent a shiver down his spine. "Well hello there," a feminine voice said.

He turned to find himself face to face with a woman. She was stunning. Her ash blond hair was so light it could almost be mistaken for the color of snow. Her pale skin and aristocratic features gave her a haunting beauty. She was wrapped in a thick blanket but Tom still got the feeling that she had a body any woman would die for.

"Who are you?"

"I-I'm Tom," he stammered. 

"OK. Tom. Why are you in my uncle's cabin?"

A good question considering he was a man who just burst in on a half naked women.

"I'm sorry for bursting in like this. I was lost and looking for a place to take shelter from the storm."

"Lost you say? Pretty bad conditions to get lost in."

"I was lucky to find this place. I got separated from my friends, then this storm hit and I wasn't sure which direction led back to the trail. I walked for what seemed like forever and then the path just seemed to open up for me. Before I knew it I had spotted this place."

He was rambling. He knew he was rambling, but he couldn't help it. Almost dying and having a conversation with a beautiful girl was more excitement then he could take. It didn't help that she seemed to be staring at him.

"This forest is old, it knows many things, many paths to follow," she murmured.

"What?"

"I said you were very lucky indeed. This weather is just horrendous. It would be very dangerous to stay out in it for long."

He thought he saw a shadow of something pass across her face. His eyes must be playing tricks on him. Her eyes looked like they glowed for a second there.

"My name is Shyira," she said. "Although my friends call me Shy," she giggled at that.

"What's so funny?"

The blanket had dipped down, revealing her black bra and the deep valley of her ample cleavage.

"It's a joke," she said, with a small seductive smile, "because I'm not shy at all." 

Um. Wow.

"Oh you poor thing," she said, "you must be freezing, why don't you come by the fire and warm up."

As he stepped farther into the room he got a closer look at his surroundings. A couch opposite a fireplace along the back wall. To his left stood a bed pushed up against the wall, to his right was a small kitchenette and table. The very picture of a small, one room cabin.

Although out of the deadly weather of the storm, the room was still bitterly cold. Tom's breath created trails of fog as he breathed. He wanted to get warmer, but didn't want to invade the personal space of the strikingly beautiful woman in front of him. He was a stranger in her home after all.

She noticed his discomfort, "Come closer to the fire Tom," she said, "I won't bite...much, I promise."

Tom slowly edged closer. Shyira wasn't having any of it. She grabbed his hand and dragged him until he was standing next to her by the fire.

"That's better," she said.

"Ya it is a lot warmer over here"

"So you said that you got separated from your friends?"

Tom nodded, "Went out into the trees to take a pis-...use the restroom and got turned around."

Shyira smiled at that, amusement in her eyes, but let his comment slide without comment.

"It can be easy to get turned around in these woods. I take it you're not much of an outdoors man?"

"That obvious huh?"

"Not terribly obvious, no. You just don't seem like the roughing it type of guy...or maybe I'm wrong. Do you like it rough, Tom?"

Tom coughed nervously, shifting back and forth on his feet. The old floor boards creaked with his shifting weight. He wasn't sure how to respond to that. Girls simply didn't say things like that to him. He decided playing dumb was safest course of action. 

"I'm not really the outdoors man type I guess. I got dragged out here to go skiing."

"Dragged out here by your girlfriend?"

"No, I don't have a girlfriend," he said, sheepish.

"Oh." She raised an eyebrow.

"I'm not very good with girls," he said quietly. With more confidence he added, "Besides I've had a front row seat to my roommate's constant drama with the girls he's slept with. It looks like nothing but trouble."

"Yes, you must be careful who you let into your bed. You may find yourself with unintended attachments."

Tom wasn't sure how to respond to that either. Why did it seem like girls spoke in a different language at times? Playing dumb seemed to be working so far, so he decided to stick with it and move the subject off of himself.

"So what brings you out here?" he asked.

"Writing if you can believe it. I find the great outdoors...stimulating."

Stimulating huh? Well I suppose getting away from it all would be quite relaxing. He could get a lot of school work done out here.

"So what kind of writing do you do?"

"Oh, I write mostly fiction with adult themes."

"What, like murder mysteries?"

"More of the suck and fuck variety actually."

"Oh that's nice..."

Damn it. What's with this girl? He thought.

Shyira smiled.

Although standing by a roaring fire, Tom was still wearing his damp clothes. Now that he wasn't moving, his body began to shake from the chill.

"We need to get you out of these damp clothes."

"No. I'm fine as long as I'm by the fire."

"Nonsense, you'll catch your death with these on." With no further warning she reached out and tugged on his shirt lifting it above his head. His boots and pants soon followed.

Tom shivered as he stood in his underwear. Shyira seemed to be staring at him with hunger in her eyes.

"Do you have another blanket?" he asked nervously. He couldn't remember a time when a girl had stared at him like that.

"What," she said, as if snapped out of her own thoughts. 

For a second Tom could have sworn he saw flames in her eyes. Must have been a reflection from the fire, he thought.

"A blanket. Do you have another one?"

"Oh baby, you won't be needing one."

Something about the way she said it made Tom think of a small animal, coming face to face with a predator.

"What do you mean?"

Shyira dropped the blanket from around her shoulders.

Wow. He was wrong. Shyira didn't have the kind of body women would die for; she had the kind of body women would kill for.

"I'm afraid I haven't been completely up front with you. It was no mistake that the forest brought you to my door step tonight."

"The forest?"

This time he couldn't mistake the glow in her eyes as anything else. Her eyes seemed to be glowing with flame, like the wick of a candle.

He looked down as something else caught his eye. Something danced in the light of the fireplace behind her. Was that a tail?

Looking up Tom saw Shyira silhouetted against the fire. She was still the haunting beauty she was before but now her hair was the color of snow and a pair of white horns curved out of her head. Her most striking feature were the leathery wings spread out behind her. The light from the fire illuminated the semitransparent wings. They seemed to cast a red tint to her ski. Or was her skin redder in color than before. One thing was clear the woman before him was the most beautiful, terrifying nightmare he had ever seen.

This is some biblical shit, he thought.

She smiled at him like a hungry predator. "I brought you into my domain mortal, saved you from a certain death at the hands of the storm. I've been a perfect host and I think now is the time for you to repay me for my hospitality."

"I-I could just leave."

"You won't be leaving," she said confidently.

"Y-you'll keep me from leaving?"

"Oh baby, I don't need to. Where would you go?"

The wind howled against the window. She was right. There was nowhere else to go. He was trapped in this cabin until the storm passed. 

"Come to me mortal," she beckoned with her finger, "I'll keep you warm tonight."

Despite the inevitability of his situation something clicked in his mammalian brain at her words. Something from a bygone era of human history, a time when mankind would huddle around the fire in terror of what lurked in the darkness. Tom turned and ran for the door. He didn't care that he was half naked and that outside the cabin meant certain death from the elements. His fight or flight reflex had kicked in; he chose flight.

With a single beat of her wings, little more than a jump, she was on top of him. She tackled him to the rug. Flipping him over, she straddled his waist. 

"Oh I love it when they run, it makes me so wet," she giggled, "almost as much as when they fight."

He looked terrified at her words.

"Not to worry baby we'll save the 'slap and tickle' for another time," she stroked his cheek with one of her horns. "When I'm done with you, you'll never want to be separated from me again."

Her comment didn't seem to mollify him much.

"Now we can't have you shaking like a little mouse," she said, "other succubi may like to play with a little fear but I prefer my men to enjoy themselves."

With that she lifted her hand and blew into his face. The pink perfumed smoke hit him dead in the face. Before he realized what had happened, he had already taken an involuntary breath of the sweet substance. 

"I prefer to take mortals au natural but I thought maybe a little encouragement was in order," she winked.

Every muscle in his body relaxed. Thinking became difficult as euphoria washed over him. The sensation was hard to describe. Like a warm bath and a post orgasmic bliss all rolled into one. For a second he forgot where he was and basked in the moment. He was hard as a rock now.

No. Succubus. Think.

Shyira leaned back and felt his growing erection, "That's better."

She leaned forward and inhaled deeply as his arousal increased, caching his scent.

"A virgin. Oh this is a rare treat," she said with surprise.

"I-I was waiting for the right girl. I wanted to make it special," he said.

Adorable. It was almost a shame she would put an end to that innocence tonight. Oh how she loved virgins.

"Oh baby, I'll make it special," she said, "I'll give you a night you'll never forget."

She unsnapped her bra and smiled as her naked tits fell into his view.

Tom couldn't look away. His breath was ragged as he stared at her pale flesh. Her breasts were large and unnaturally perky for their size.

"Like what you see little mortal?"

His cheeks felt flush as he forced himself to look away.

"No," he lied.

"Oh I think you do," she pushed her ass back until Tom felt warmth above his raging erection.

She began to grind herself against his manhood. "I think this is the most erotic thing that's ever happened to you."

She continued for a minute before she leaned forward, pressing her body against his. Her fever hot skin felt wonderful against this cold body. Her breasts pushed against his chest as she came in for a kiss. Her unnaturally long tongue invaded his mouth as she moaned in pleasure. She explored his mouth with her tongue. 

Breaking off her kiss she looked him in the eye.

"I love the taste of a virgin," she whispered to him, "they taste so fucking delicious."

She slipped down his body. Her nipples, brushing over his skin, sent shivers down his spine. She stopped when her head was above his crotch. She ran her hands over his thighs, her lips only inches from his virgin cock. She took her time teasing him. Tom could barely breathe. He was so off balance and excited he couldn't seem to put two thoughts together. He waited in nervous anticipation to see what the demonic seductress would do next. 

Shyira finally moved her hands from his thighs, having tortured the young boy enough. She moved her hand to his erection, slowly rubbing her hands over the material of his underwear. She licked her lips before leaning in and kissing the head of his cock through the material. She made eye contact with him; her eyes seemed to glow with a look of mirth and lust before she abruptly ripped his underwear off. Tom yelped in surprise.

"You could warn me before doing that!"

"And where would the fun be in that," she giggled. "Besides I think your poor cock has been constrained for too long."

She leaned down and licked him from the base of his cock to its head, careful to maintain eye contact. 

Her lips slowly encircled his cock before taking the first couple of inches into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head.

Tom gasped. 

The entire length soon disappeared as she began to suck him in earnest. This girl could give porn stars lessons he thought. He tried to muffle the moan that was threatening to escape. He wasn't ready to give in yet.

This earned him a muffled laugh. The vibrations sent shivers of pleasure down his spine.

His resistance didn't last long. Tom was soon in heaven as he gave into the sensations. He had never felt anything like this before. If it wasn't for the horns, the white hair of the succubus could almost be mistaken for an angel.

His cock came out of her mouth with a pop. She smiled at him and kissed the head of his cock before taking his entire length into her throat once more. His head slammed back as his breath quickened.

Her gag reflex was nonexistent. She seemed to stay down forever, taking his entire length. Tom didn't see how she could do that without having difficulty breathing.

He paused. Did a succubus need to breath? Not important right now, he thought.

She made a show of it. Taking him all the way to the base. Then completely removing his cock from her mouth for a moment before shoving it back in.

Tom could feel his orgasm beginning to rise. It started as a feeling in his muscles, a tightness he was all too familiar with, he knew he was only moments away.

His whole lower body seemed to thrust forward as he came. His first shot caught her square in the face. She quickly engulfed his cock, filling her mouth with the rest of his seed. When he was done she made a show of swallowing all of the cum she had collected in her mouth. His breath was ragged as his orgasm subsided. His chest rising and falling rapidly. What the hell was that? It was like he had just run a marathon. He didn't think he could move this body if he tried. 

Her long, devilish tongue snaked around his cock. Like only a succubus could. It coiled around his shaft like a snake and squeezed. The sensation was almost too much right after cumming. Tom got the feeling that she wanted him to remember not just who was fucking him but what was fucking him. As if Tom could forget.

She extracted herself from him. She stood above him, feeding herself the last of his cum from her fingers. Her legs were spread wide, her feet on either side of his chest. Tom propped himself up on his elbows, he had a perfect angle of her panties plastered to her pussy.

"You can't be a passive partner your first time baby. You have to take some initiative," she smiled, "reach up and pull my panties off."
