 It was late. 

Tom hadn't encountered a single soul on his walk through campus. That was weird. There should have been at least a few people out, not that Tom blamed them. A sense of foreboding and dread seemed to hang over the school like a cloud. The street lights seemed dimmer, the shadows longer and darker. The patches of complete darkness were like a bottomless void ready to swallow up the unknowing traveler. The inky blackness of the night seemed to sink into every pore of his body, infecting his sanity.

You could hear none of the usual, lively sounds that come with a lot of people living in a small area. The campus was dead silent. The silence was like a physical presence all around him. Tom wondered if the mood on campus was Shyira's doing. A not so subtle suggestion that tonight was a good night to stay in and watch a movie. It would certainly provide the necessary privacy for Tom's first ever summoning lesson.

It was under this atmosphere that Tom found himself sitting in the first row of a deserted lecture hall, waiting for his inhuman instructor to begin the lesson.

Shyira apparently took the role of "summoning teacher" seriously and was dressed for the part. Tom wasn't sure you could call Shyira's clothing a teacher's outfit, more of a slutty teacher's costume. Her pencil skirt was cut too short and slit too far up her shapely thigh to be considered school appropriate. Her white blouse was tied at the bottom to expose her flat stomach and had enough buttons undone at the neck line to make the garment almost pointless at containing her ample bust. She completed the look with her ash blond hair held in a tight bun with a pair of pencils and a set of black framed glasses perched on the end of her nose.

"Alright baby warlock, let's get started."

She made walking in fuck-me heels look elegant as she moved around the circumference of the summoning circle drawn on ground. A piece of chalk, held at the end of her tail, waved lazily as she spoke.

"Basic summoning magic is all about concentration. Your magic does all of the work, the circle merely directs and guides the flow of power to achieve the desired effect. Standard summoning circles are a two ring design."

She paused and looked at him to make sure he was paying attention before continuing her explanation. Not like he could look away. Tom's eyes hadn't left her since she walked into the room. Shyira was always beautiful but tonight she took it to a whole another level. Something he would never admit to was having a serious teacher fetish. Growing up a geek meant that the only women who ever paid him any attention or looked upon intelligence as anything but a negative, were his teachers. One teacher in particular, his senior English teacher, Ms. Anderson, used to wear her hair the exact same way.

"The inner ring is the 'barrier ring.' It counters the magic of the being you're summoning, keeping it contained. The inner ring is powered by your own magic, so the strength of the being you can summon is dependent on the strength of the summoner."

"Sounds dangerous."

"It is, which is why we'll keep it simple for today," she said. In a mock baby voice, she added, "something soft and fluffy for my itty bitty baby warlock."

Tom's face reddened slightly at her teasing, earning him a quiet chuckle and a wink.

"Are you ever going to stop calling me that?"

Tom wasn't sure he liked being called "baby warlock," since he had spent the last several years of his adolescence trying to be recognized as anything other than a kid.

"Only if you let me call you master."

Tom sighed.

"I don't feel like much of a master around you."

"You will," she said, unconcerned.

"How do you know? What if I'm just not cut out for this?"

"But you are, I can feel it. The day will come when you will have complete mastery of your surroundings and all who inhabit them."

"How will I know when that day comes?"

"For starters," she said, looking at him to emphasize the point, "when your first instinct when I mouth off to you is to bend me over your knee and give me a good thrashing."

Shyira smiled. Tom snorted.

Not likely, he thought. She wasn't the type to be bent over anyone's knee, much less his own. Shyira turned back to the circle and began pointing with her tail.

"Now the outer ring, on the other hand, prevents outside magic from entering the summoning circle, magic that might be used by the being inside to break through the inner ring. So I guess you could say its purpose is to strengthen the inner ring, preventing the spell from encountering outside interference."

"The pentagram in the middle is used for... actually the pentagram in the middle doesn't do anything. It's meant to look cool, I guess. More frivolous nonsense wizards have added over the years, to a perfectly usable summoning circle. It's in the book so we'll draw it anyway."

That was another thing, with the derogatory way Shyira spoke about other wizards, Tom could never imagine her submitting herself to one.

Wizard? Warlock? He wasn't sure what the difference was and Shyira seemed to use them interchangeably. Something to ask her later.

The irritated way she cocked her hip while speaking wasn't helping his concentration. Almost the entirely of her leg was now outside the slit in her skirt, showing the long, smooth, reddish skin of her thigh. The tension put on the fabric of the skirt caused the material to press into her pussy.

She isn't wearing panties, he thought, his breath quickening.

"Explaining the next part of the ritual would be easier if we had a target in mind. But what should we summon?" Her tail held the chalk like a hand would hold a pencil. As she thought she lightly tapped the chalk against her lush, full, soft, gorgeous li-.

Concentrate.

The last thing he needed was to miss some critical detail that might keep him from getting killed. Plus, he actually did want to learn something today. Most of the last month, since getting back from the cabin, had been spent engaging in some form of sex. The lust of a succubus was never satisfied. Hell, he didn't even know the names of some of the things they had been doing. You can bet if Shyira noticed him looking at her like that, she wouldn't hesitate to jump at the opportunity to fuck him.

"Do you need the chalk for something?"

Tom winced. Shyira looked at him with an expression of amusement, peppered with something hungrier.

"Or are you just thinking of something else white you'd like to get all over my lips?" She said. "If you were in the mood all you had to ask."

"Shyira..."

"I wish you would stop calling me that. You could come up with an affectionate nickname for me, you know."

She walked over to where he was sitting. Leaning over the desk, she wrapped her arms around his neck The angle gave him a perfect angle down her shirt. Shyira looked into his eyes and smiled. They say that the eyes are the windows to the soul. Outside of sex, there were few things in life more intimate than locking eyes with another person. The effect on him was immediate.

"W-what like Shy?"

She loved how he still got flustered around her. You would think with everything they'd been doing together that he would have calmed down around her by now. He may not be a virgin anymore but he still acted like one at times.

"Or demon bitch, fuck toy, whore, cum bucket," she giggled, "you know, something cute."

He couldn't tell if she was being serious or was just teasing him. Probably both, he thought.

"I think Shy works for now."

"Oh, you're no fun," she pouted, "lots of people call me Shy, as my master there should be something only you call me."

"Lots of people call you Shy?"

Tom very much doubted that. Shyira was as beautiful as she was deadly. He couldn't imagine many would dare her wrath by acting so familiar with her.

"Well, a few people anyway," she said dismissively. "Point is I'm yours and you should have something to call me."

"Why don't I call you Shy until I come up with something else to call you?"

She pouted and gave him a look that said this conversation wasn't over. Given his track record with women, it wasn't an argument he expected to win.

"A Water Nymph," she said abruptly.

"A what?" Tom said, the sudden change in conversation taking him by surprise.

She pulled away from Tom and walked back to the circle. "That's what we'll summon," she said. 

With no further explanation, she began to draw symbols in the space between the two circles. When she was finished she swept her eyes over the design, taking a moment to study it before turning to Tom.

"Now, the two rings may be essential for containment but it's the symbols found between the rings that do the bulk of the actual summoning."

She began to point to various symbols as she spoke, "This symbol here designates the circle of Hell we're targeting, in this case, the circle of lust."

"This symbol here designates the time we want the ritual to affect."

"Time?"

"Yes, although that's a highly advanced area of study. Say you wanted to summon a demon but didn't have the demon's 'true name' to direct the summoning. If you knew a specific time and space that the demon once occupied, you could direct the ritual to that spot. It's a bit imprecise and is prone to failure, but it can be an important summoning tool none the less."

"Do you have a true name?"

"Of course, silly warlock," she said playfully, "and before you ask you already know it."

At her words the image of a complex symbol popped into Tom's mind. He found himself speaking a name out loud; the complex, alien sounding words put any tongue twister to shame.

"How?" he asked, confusion in his voice.

"I imprinted my name into your mind while you slept that night at the cabin. If you ever need to summon me directly you would put my name here," she pointed.

"You've been messing around with my mind?"

"Yep."

That was a disturbing thought.

"Is there anything else I should know about?"

That earned him a predatory smile, "Plenty of things, I have plans for you baby warlock. I told you in the forest that you and I are going to do amazing things together."

He definitely didn't feel like a master at times like these.

Shyira finished filling in the last symbol and then motioned for him to join her.

"That should do it," she said confidently.

He stood there awkward for a moment before he asked, "Do I need to raise my hands? Or recite a spell or something?"

She rolled her eyes, "If you want to use all of that nonsense you can."

"Oh, OK."

"As I said, summoning is all about metal concentration. You visualize the summoning circle in your mind and then you infuse the concept with power. It's all mental, all of the symbols, circles and spells are just there to help facilitate this process."

"So you're teaching me the hard way then."

"No, I'm teaching you the right way. Most of your kind just prefer to do it the lazy way. Now stop dragging your feet and give it a try."

He swept his eyes over the circle. He stopped and looked at each symbol, one by one. Closing his eyes, he started by visualizing the symbols in his mind. He started with their shape, and then there meaning, the concept behind the physical shape. He thought of what he wanted to summon or at least thought of something. He had no idea what he was summoning, having never seen a Water Nymph.

With the idea crystal in his mind he began to relax his muscles, one after another. When he was finished his body felt feather light and seemed to pulse in rhythm with his breathing. Shyira had ensured him that none of this was actually necessarily but that it helped focus the mind.

I'm ready, he thought.

He imagined a key unlocking a heavy steel door in his mind. As the door hinged open, power began to leak out. It started as a trickle and then continued as an ever increasing flow of power. Tom couldn't tell if he was imagining it or if he could really feel the energy flowing over his nerve endings.

Tom renewed his focus on the image of the circle in his mind. He took the concept and imagined directing that current of energy towards it. His heart rate quickened, beads of sweat formed on his face. In that moment, nothing else existed but the image of the circle.

With a sudden release of air and a flash so bright, Tom could see it through his eye lids, the spell finished.

"Good job, baby warlock, you got it in one." He could hear the smile and pride in her voice.

Tom opened his eyes. The smell of ozone was heavy in the air. He looked over at the summoning circle as a wall of mist began to clear. The humidly level of the room had just jumped, as if he had opened a door to a marsh, cloaked in an early morning mist. Which was exactly what he had just done.

Standing in the circle was a woman, dripping wet and topless. Her short skirt, made of seaweed, almost blended in with her dark green skin. Her hair stretched to mid back and was only slightly darker than her skin tone. Her eyes were a radioactive green, bright even in the dim light of the lecture hall.

"This is a Water Nym-"

"What do we have here, but a fine strapping young warlock looking for a little fun," the Water Nymph said. "I'm called Lilinara."

Tom wasn't sure interrupting Shyira was the smartest thing he'd seen someone do today.

Pretending to notice Shyira for the first time, Lilinara gave her the standard, up and down look of two women meeting for the first time.

"And it appears we have an audience for our fun tonight."

"Quiet whore, I'm speaking," Shyira barked, her eyes hard and glowing faintly with anger. 

She waved her hand in the gesture of a slap. Tom could feel the touch of power put into the movement as the water nymph's head snapped to the side. 

"I'll get to you in a minute."

Remind me never to piss her off, he thought.

"As I was saying, before I was so rudely interrupted." She shot the now cowering woman a murderous look before turning a smile to him. The fire in her eyes dimmed, "This is a Water Nymph, a lesser demon of lust."

"She's very green."

"They're aquatic creatures know to lure the young and stupid to a watery grave."

Don't I qualify as young and stupid? he thought.

"Wait, I've heard of them before. I thought they were supposed to be harmless nature spirits."

"The occasional Greek would probably describe them that way, but they were the lucky ones. Most of the men who came across a Water Nymph didn't live long enough to regret it."

"Sounds perfect for a first summoning," he deadpanned.

"Oh, pish posh. You'll be fine."

She dismissed his concerns with a wave of her hand.

"The best pleasure can be found from fucking them in their natural habitat, but they're also at their most dangerous in the water, so I think we'll save that for the advance lessons."

She turned to Lilinara and gave her a hard look, "This is a lesson plan, not a social call. You're allowed a taste and nothing more. You would do well not to cross me on this."

Lilinara nodded meekly, although her eyes still held a touch of defiance in them.

Tom hesitated. Was this really such a good idea? Shouldn't his summoning be something that wasn't dangerous? Shyira didn't give him any more time to voice his concerns.

"Well, get to it then," Shyira shoved him in back. He stumbled into the circle and into the waiting arms of Lilinara.

"Now we can have some real fun," she said, holding him to her chest in an iron grip.

Now that he was close to her, Tom noticed something else about her. She had large gills running down the side of her neck. They flared in tune with her breathing, like a fish out of water. 

She cast a look at the circle before giving him an innocent smile. "Are you sure you can't do anything about this silly little containment circle? I can breathe through my gills and expel air out of my mouth. If you came home with me, we could fuck under water." She batted her eyelashes at him.

"Shyira said that would be dangerous."

"What's the point of life without a little danger?" She winked at him. A milky film covered her eye a moment before her human eyelid closed.

"I think I'll pass." Tom glanced in Shyira's direction looking for help. He found her siting in the first row. Her wings were draped over the desks surrounding her, an amused expression on her face.

Lilinara turned his head until he was looking at her again. "Forget about her, it's just you and me right now."

She leaned in and kissed him hard on the mouth. She tasted like fresh fish and pond water, a combination that tasted weirdly refreshing, like taking a dip in a healthy river on a hot summer day. She deepened the kiss, pushing her tongue into his mouth. His tongue was at the mercy of her slimy green appendage as she explored his mouth.

Tom started to pull away to take a breath of air. She held his head firmly in place. He tried again but Lilinara held him in a vice grip. Blood started pounding in his head as his need for oxygen increased. Panic soon followed as he grew dizzy.

Just when Tom thought he was going to pass out, she blew into his mouth, filling his lungs with much needed air. She made eye contact with him as she did it, her point clear. She pulled back a second later and smiled at him.

"See, I wouldn't let you drown. Wouldn't fucking underwater be fun?"

Yes, it would, he thought. "There's no way in Hell I'm letting you out of this circle."

"Fine," she snipped. "Then I suppose I'll just have to take my fill here."

With her attempts at escape thwarted, her demeanor turned aggressive. She pushed him to the ground and ripped his clothes off, one piece at a time. Play time was over.

She straddled his hips and wasted no time in plunging his cock into the dark depths of her pussy.

The feeling was different with Lilinara. They were standing in a deserted lecture hall but it still felt like they were fucking underwater. Her pussy had a strange wetness to it, like Tom was displacing water when thrusted into her.

She fucked him hard, with none of the gentleness Shyira showed towards him. Not that Shyira was ever gentle with him, but the tone of their sex was different. Lilinara fucked him like a piece of meat, like a lamb being led to slaughter.

He felt used.

Lilinara was using him and nothing more. The outcome was what mattered to her, not the intimacy of the act. He looked over at Shyira again. She looked pissed but made no move to help him. She gave him a "figure it out" look. No safe harbor there, he thought.

He could feel the suction of her pussy with every downward thrust, like she was trying to pump the cum out of him. The pressure on his balls was building in intensity with every passing second. He was close.

Tom tried to sit up and gain the leverage he needed to flip her over and roll out of the circle. That plan came to an end when Lilinara put a webbed hand on his chest and pushed him back down to the hard concrete floor.

Fuck, this was it. His heart was beating rapidly, like he was running for his life. Fitting he supposed, given the current situation. With one final downward motion it happened.

Tom's breath escaped him in one ragged exhale as he came. Cum shot out of him in a torrent as Lilinara pumped the cum out of his balls.

The flood gates had been opened and Tom was powerless to close them. He felt the familiar feeling of the power drain on his body. His muscles went numb, his vision narrowed, after a moment all he could see was the predatory face of Lilinara as she smiled down at him.

There was a loud crack and the smell of brimstone filled the air. Tom found himself alone, staring up from the ground. His vision slowly began to clear.

Lilinara was hovering several feet above him, her body perfectly ridged. Her limbs were pressed to her sides in a perfect posture of attention. Tom could see why her posture was so ridged. A thin sheet of ice covered her formerly wet body, entombing her in a shell of ice.
