 There are moments in the night when the brain is neither wake nor asleep, when the mind wonders listlessly in a shallow sleep. It was here where Tom's brain drifted.

It had been a long day and he wanted nothing more than to slip into a deep, dreamless sleep. It was all he could think about as he and Aresta walked back to his apartment in a state of total exhaustion. He climbed the stairs to his second story apartment, his feet dragging on every step as he went. He opened the door, not bothering to close it behind him. His shoes were left in the hallway; his shirt by the kitchen. A trail of breadcrumbs towards his destination. He climbed into bed, intent on not being seen or heard from again for several hours. But as with so many things in life, when you want something the most it remains just out of reach.

He was too tired to sleep.

A uniquely human problem, he mused. He imagined if animals could speak they would laugh at the notion of being too tired to sleep. Those big mammalian human brains overriding the needs of the body. So stupid. Yet here he was. His body had all but shut down from exhaustion but his mind remained adrift at sea, unwilling to let him drift beneath the waves and into the darkness of rest. He wasn't really even sure if he was awake or asleep, his thoughts roamed with no real direction.

Sheets rustled and Tom suddenly felt the soft weight of a woman's breasts press into his side. A feeling that he had grown to love but was still getting used to.

"Wake up baby warlock." A soft voice said to his right.

"Mmmmm, don't want too." Tom muttered

"It can be dangerous to drift in the 'In-between', baby warlock, you must wake up."

Soft lips pressed onto his own. His face became flush as an inhuman pleasure spread through his body. 

"We may have worked on hardening your body today, but your mind is still vulnerable." A pleasant warmth spread through his body as his mind began to awaken. 

The kiss deepened. His semi-hard morning wood began to harden in earnest. Tom made a grunting sound, part pleasure and part annoyance at being woken up.

"You must wake up." Shyira whispered. 

Shyira kissed his chin softly and then his neck more passionately. She sucked on his neck, no doubt leaving a hickey for his classmates to gawk at. She moved further down now, raining kisses down his chest, kisses that had begun to incorporate a lot more tongue. 

Tom groaned in pleasure. He felt rather than saw when Shyira smiled. Her fangs brushed against his skin, sending shivers of pleasure down his spine

She latched onto one of his nipples with those perfect pouty lips of hers and sucked and lavished it with her devilish tongue. Her claws ran down his stomach and began to play with the elastic of his waistband. He was now fully hard. Shyira let go of his nipple with a pop of lost suction. She moved back up his body, the hard nubs of her nipples brushing against chest as she went.

"You must be more careful master." She kissed him on the lips again. "The 'In-between' between sleep and wakefulness is the time when you are most vulnerable to mental attack." 

She did something with her tongue that almost made him forget that she was talking. "You mustn't stay there for long, not until we've had time to strengthen your mind."

Tom was hearing what she was saying but was finding it terribly uninteresting at the moment. There would be time for talking later. He kind of wanted her to do that thing with her tongue again. Maybe a bit lower this time. His cock would feel amazing if those puffy lips of hers were wrapped around it right about now. Her magic lesson could wait.

He went to move his arms. Intent on grabbing a fist full of snow white hair and moving her head until she was doing something more interesting with her lips. He was her master after all.

Tom's mind snapped fully awake as he finally opened his eyes.

"Shy...why are my hands tied up?"

Shyira let out a girlish giggle. She flashed him a snowy smile filled with mischief. "Why indeed?"

"Shyira..." He said, a note of warning in his voice.

Shyira's eyes only beamed brighter in response. It was at that moment that Tom finally noticed the other occupant of the bed. Aresta was down by his thighs, giving him a smirk that a cat might give a mouse. It was a look that was familiar to him, although something seemed off about her. There was some sort of strange dynamic going on between the two succubi. Aresta may have been looking at Tom but she was most definitely NOT looking at Shyira.

There was also the fact that Shyira's tail was wrapped tightly around Aresta's throat, holding her head down close to the sheets.

"Aresta here has been a very bad girl and I think she needs to be punished." Shyira kissed the purple bruise on his chin. The one left by Aresta's punch back in the rock quarry.

Aresta's eyes finally flickered to Shyira before returning to stare at Tom. He could have sworn he saw the briefest hint of nervousness in her expression.

"She's always been a stubborn little slut but I think it's past time that she's taught some manners. Don't you think?" Shyira was as bubbly and girlish as ever, she was letting nothing betray her real emotions. 

Shyira's clawed hand cut Tom's boxers off like they were made of tissue paper. She threw them to the floor like they were a nuisance. His cock sprung out into the cool air of the room. Goose bumps rose on his skin as he was finally naked inside his room.

Shyira smiled at him. She traced patterns on chest with one of her claws "You look cold. We should do something about that, but first I think Aresta has something she wants to say to you."

Her tail moved in a fluid, sensual motion as she moved Aresta head into a new position. For Aresta's part, she had to shift her position on the bed to avoid being strangled by Shyira's tail. Tom soon found her bent over his lower body, her feet on either side of his calves. Shyira had her head a mere inch from the head of his cock. He could feel the heat of her breath on his skin, causing his shaft to twitch with the stimulation.

"Now, say what you need to say to your master." Shyira said. Her voice had taken on an icy edge.

"I—" Aresta started.

"KISS," Shyira said with a hard edge to her voice, "your Master's cock before speaking, SLUT."

Aresta licked her lips nervously, before pressing her lips to the head of his cock. Her eyes never left his. Tom let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. A shiver ran up his spine. After a moment, she lifted her lips from his flesh and began to speak. "I'm sorry for striking you," she said rather formally, "you are my one true master and I was out of line."

"Do you accept her apology Tom?" Shyira asked. It didn't seem to be a casual question.

"Y-yes." Tom said.

"Good," she said before looking back to Aresta, "now back your words up." Shyira said.

Aresta finally looked at Shyira in earnest, a question in her gaze. She began to move one of her hands towards Tom's engorged member, only for Shyira's tail to tighten around her throat. Aresta's hand froze in mid movement. 

"Keep your hands where they are and suck," she paused a moment before adding, "and if I find that you've taken one ounce of power from him, you'll spend the next thousand years inside an ice statue in my thrown room."

Aresta once again adverted her eyes from Shyira's frosty gaze. Her hand moved back to the sheets as her eyes settled on Tom. Her mouth lowered to the head of his cock. It was a painstakingly slow movement, at least to Tom's eyes. The first inch of his cock dipped into her warm, wet mouth as he struggled not to moan out load.

"She can do this every day for a millennia until you've forgiven her for her transgression against you, master."

That sounded great, Tom thought. His head rolled back. His hands strained against his bonds. With Shyira pressed against his side and Aresta straddling his legs, Tom couldn't move much more than that. Somehow the inability to move his body in response to what was happening to him only made the pleasure that much better.

Aresta had his entire shaft in her mouth now. Her lips were pressed against the base of his cock as she was trying her best to lick his balls. The act seemed to be stressing the laws of physics a bit for his liking, but he couldn't deny how great it felt. 

"Every day for a millennia." Shyira whispered. 

"Fuck." Tom said breathlessly.

"Although, I'd much rather show you what a REAL wake up call entails." Shyira whispered in his ear. She ran her tongue along his ear, biting and nibbling his earlobe.

Tom never considered himself to be a quick shot, but with two succubi working him over, he wasn't sure how much longer he would last. He could already feel the beginnings of an orgasm in his balls.

"Shall I show you?" Shyira whispered.

"Y-yes."

"Enough—." Shyira said abruptly.

A choking sound followed, as Shyira's tail roughly pulled Aresta's head up. Tom's cock popped out of Aresta's mouth and was left swinging in the cool air of room.

"—of the warm up then. Time for the main attraction."

Shyira replaced Aresta over Tom's lap. Her lips brushed the head of his cock in a quick, peck of a kiss, before his head slipped into the warm embrace of her hot mouth. 

She smiled at him, her teeth pushing down ever so slightly on the head of his dick, before Shyira opened up her throat and took his entire length into the back of her throat.

He left out a silent gasp of pleasure as Shyira expertly worked over his dick. The two blowjobs couldn't have been any different. Where Aresta had aggressively jammed her mouth onto his cock, intent on taking every inch as quickly as possible; Shyira was lovingly working over his cock, her very throat muscles seemed to be responding to her will, contracting and moving to some inhuman rhythm.

He was in heaven. A comparison Shyira would have probably laughed at in her girlish way.

Her eyes glittered with lust in the dark room as she looked at Tom. He wondered what she was thinking. Not an uncommon question for him. Shyira had an inhuman poker face he'd yet to figure out and Tom often felt himself wondering what exactly was going through that head of hers. 

Shyira did something with her tongue that made his thoughts snap back into focus on the blowjob he was receiving. Tom wasn't sure he could last much longer if Shyira intended to continue where Aresta left off.

He needn't have worried. Her mouth soon released him back into the cool air of the room. 

"That's about enough of that, I think." She said.

She moved to straddle his waist. 

Oh fuck, he thought, as she lined up their sexes.

Shyira sank slowly down the length of his erection. Tom didn't think he could possibly last any longer. This orgasm was coming, he was seconds from erupting into Shyira's waiting pussy.

Just what I need, he thought, to show two succubi what a quick shot I am.

Just then, a deep chill began to spread into this skin. Starting at the tip of his cock, it moved to the base and then to his thighs. His skin wasn't numb, per se. It was more like the sensation of cold skin moving back into a warm room after being outside in the dead of winter. It spoke of prickling skin and nerve endings coming alive.

Shyira was staring at him, her eyes glowing an icy blue, reflecting off the white bone of her horns in the dim room. "Look at me, baby warlock."

How could be not.

"I've been going easy on you. Fucking you like a mortal would. Fun, but I think it's time that I taught you something new."

"W-what?" He started to speak. Goose bumps had broken out all along his cooling skin.

"Do not fear the cold." She said with more authority in her voice. "It holds no sway over you."

And Tom could feel it too. His whole body felt like he had just been plunged into a frozen lake in the dead of winter. Yet he felt no discomfort. It kind of reminded him of being in a hot tub out in the frigid winter air. He could appreciate the bite of the frigid air without it ever really touching him.

"Good." Shyira said. She reached up and cut his bonds with a single motion of her claws. "Now put your hands on me."

Tom reach out and grabbed her milky thighs. She was sitting on her knees with only the head of his cock still inside of her. Tom half thrust, half pulled her down to meet their sexes together. Shyira ran her fingers through her snow-white hair, her clawed hands briefly grabbing onto her own horns, as if she was holding on for dear life. 

"Good!" She said in a throaty purr. "Embrace the chill of my body and fuck me, Master."

Her breath came out of her mouth in a mist of heated air and Tom suddenly realized that the room had grown much colder without him noticing. 

Tom thrust again, Shyira moving to match his rhythm.

A startled choking sound reminded him again of Aresta's presence. She had been watching them the whole time; Shyira's tail still wrapped tightly around her throat. She was jerked roughly up Tom's chest as Shyira moved her into position.

"Make yourself useful, slut. While I fuck my Master."

Aresta replaced Shyira's earlier position as she began to lavish his chest with her tongue and lips.

Shyira made sensual, animalist grunts as they fell into a rhythm. Tom held out longer than he thought he would. Although the strange sensation of animalist pleasure and the deep chill of his body was swiftly pushing him over the edge. 

His orgasm rose again and this time Shyira let it take him. Just before he slipped over the edge, Shyira rough pushed Aresta out of the way, as she leaned over and locked her lips to his 

His cum shot into his succubi as their lounges danced to an unheard tune. Tom could feel the gentle pull of energy leaving his body with every pump. His cries were muffled by her cold breath as his whole body seemed to be embraced in a deep snow bank of cold.

Definitely not a mortal woman, he thought as his orgasm subsided. He lay on the bed next Shyira. Their foggy breaths moved up in unison in the cold air of the room.

Tom's thoughts began to drift back to sleep as the post sex exhaustion set in. 

Sleep, he thought. Shyira leaned over and kissed his lips, momentarily waking him from his slumber.

"Not yet Baby Warlock." She said with a suddenly girlish giggle and a dark expression.

"Stand up." She said.

Tom must have given her a look.

"Please." She said with a girlish pout on her beautiful lips.

With a grown, Tom stood up in the cool air. He shivered slightly in the cold.

Shyira smiled at him again. "I know just what to do to warm you up."

She spread her legs, revealing the mess he had left between her thighs. Tom expected her to beckon him over for round two. Instead she used her tail to drag Aresta's head up against her pussy. It presented him with a perfect look at her bubble butt sticking up in the air in front of him.

"Mmmm, I do love a good pussy licking." Shyira grabbed two handfuls of bubblegum pink and red hair and mashed Aresta's face into her wet sex. "Are you ready for your punishment slut?"

Tom looked more than a little confused at this point. Had he just been kicked out of bed? 

"Hold out your hand baby warlock."

He did as he was asked and was rewarded as a whip of pure white leather dropped into his palm out of nowhere, the faintest smell of brimstone in its wake. 

"Lesson two," Shyira said, a malicious twinkle in her eye. "How to discipline a disobedient Succubus."

Tom looked at the whip in his hand and then to Aresta's plump ass in front of him. He briefly felt the dull throb from his jaw before he gripped the handle of the whip.

Shyira only smiled as she watched his expression.

****

Tom awoke warm in his bed many hours later. Light was streaming through the window. He had finally gotten the sleep he was looking for.

Tom could tell almost immediately that a restful body wasn't the reason he had woken up. There was a subtle shift in the apartment. Something intangible that his subconscious had decided was important enough to wake him up.

He looked to his right to find Aresta curled up on his side. Her horns nuzzled his chest. Her breath warm against his cool skin. She shifted position, causing the blanket to slide off of the side of her body. He could see her naked ass in the morning light. It was still red and bruised from the night before. A memento from the whipping he'd given.

Tom felt a little guilty as he watched her sleep. Yes, he was her master and yes, she did kind of deserve it for taking their training too far. At the same time though, he was deeply uncomfortable with his actions the night before. He wasn't into S&M or BDSM, or whatever they were calling it now. 

More than anything he knew that he had enjoyed it. The feeling of power at having the whip in this hand. The feeling of satisfaction looking down on her plump ass as it turned steadily redder. The thrill he got from the sound of the whip crack and the lustful cries of pain that came out of Aresta as he put her into her place. The whole time, Shyira only stared at him, that mysterious smile on her face as she egged him on with her eyes. He was starting to think that Shyira might not always be the best influence on him.

He let out a short snort of amusement at his own line of thought. Imagine that, he thought, a succubus of the pit not being the best influence.

That strange feeling in the apartment returned to him again and he decided to investigate. He thought he heard voices in the living room. He scooped up a pair of boxers off the floor as he walked towards the door to his room.

No reason to flash anyone if he had company, he thought. He walked into the living room and looked at the sight that greeted him.

Shyira was seated on the edge of his kitchen counter, her legs crossed in front of her. She was wearing a white nightie that was as sheer as the winter's mist. Her snow white hair still had the freshly fucked look from the night before. She also wasn't smiling. She had a stern look on her face that brought out the predatory look of her blue eyes and made Tom's heart beat a little faster.

Yet, what caught his attention wasn't his mostly naked succubus or the alarmingly stern look on her face, but the creature in front of her.

A great muscular mount of white fur knelt at Shyira's feet. Its head was bowed and staring at the floor, it's ape like arms supporting most of its weight. It wasn't looking at Shyira, not even at her feet. Which was quite the feat, considering that even bowed, its height came nearly to the top of his kitchen counter.

It's a fucking Yeti, he thought. Tom took a step back into the doorway of his room, not wanting to be seen by the pair. He seemed to have walked in on the middle of their conversation.

The creature gave off a series of deep raspy grunting sounds. Like the rustling of leaves in the wind. A deep and commanding voice, despite not being terribly loud.

Tom had no idea what the creature was saying, but Shyira appeared to understand him completely. She tilted her head ever so slightly to acknowledge a point.

"Be that as it may," Shyira said in a quiet commanding tone, "I have needs and they will be met."

The creature replied in more of its raspy language. If Shyira didn't roll her eyes in response you would certainly be forgiven for thinking so.

"Yes, I am aware of the season." She said dismissively. 

The creature started to speak again before being roughly cut off by Shyira.

Shyira narrowed her eyes slightly. "Your bannermen are honorable warriors and I have no doubt they will relish the chance to serve their mistress."

The wall of fur in front of her dipped its massive head in response before beginning to respond in its raspy language. 

"Enough." Shyira said, finality in her tone. Her eyes glowed faintly blue as her temper flared.
