 I'm pretty sure this going to be the second to last chapter of this book. As we get closer to the end there isn't going to be much in the way of sex, there's none in this chapter. As I said in the last chapter, chapters 6 & 7 were originally one chapter but were split up because I was having writers block and wanted to get what I had out. My plan of having one sex scene per chapter kind of went out the window because of this. You can expect a sex scene in chapter 8.

Hope you all enjoyed it. I read all comments, both public and private, even if I'm not the best at responding. So, vote and let me know what you think. -NP

****

Darkness had fallen by the time the car turned off the main road.

The difference was as stark as it was unnerving. 

They left the slightly rough ride of the city street and transitioned onto the much smoother surface of a private road. As if the, "No Trespassing," signs or the lack of other cars wasn't enough of a clue that they were now several miles outside of town.

They were moving further into the woods. The forest closed in on the edges of the road, creating a darkened tunnel that blocked out the light. Only the washed-out green of the trees and the shadows of the headlights could be seen outside of the vehicle. The driver was a dark and silent presence in the front seat. He hadn't said a word to either of them since they were picked up.

Tom turned around and realized he could no longer see the highway behind them. They were a long way from the school carnival now. The encroaching trees were making him claustrophobic and despite his earlier confidence, he was starting to get a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. These were going to be the first warlocks, other than Sara, who he had any interactions with and he found himself feeling wholly unprepared. 

"It's best to let me do the talking." Sara said. Tom snapped back to the conversation he was having with her.

"Right." He said.

"You're about to enter my world and there's a lot you don't know. It's best if I handle the politics." She said in disgust.

Tom could once again see the stars as the car exited the forest. They burned with a sudden intensity that forced the breath out of his lungs with their beauty. It had to be magic, he thought, in wonder. They were a fair distance away from the city but they weren't so far away from the city for the light pollution to be reduced to nothing. 

The car stopped. A set of massive wrought iron gates finally stole his gaze away from the night sky. They were as ornate as they were imposing, a solid wall of iron in an intricately designed floral pattern. They must have cost a fortune, he thought. They were obviously designed to show off the wealth and class of the owners of the estate; Tom still got the feeling that they could survive a tank. Stretching out into the darkness on either side of the gates was an equally imposing stone wall topped with iron spikes of the same floral pattern..

Sara and Tom exited the car into the cool summer night.

"We're not driving all the way to the house?" Tom asked as Sara stopped to pay the driver.

"Not tonight." She whispered.

They approached a smaller door set into the larger gate. A pair of burly men with no necks to speak of and matching black suits, stood on opposite sides of the door. Each of them had a matching bulge in the side of their jackets and wire earpieces that connected to radios at their waists. Tom could have sworn he saw the barrel of a gun sticking out of the bottom of one of their jackets.

"Name?" One of the guards asked gruffly.

"You know who I am." Sara said as she entered the circle of illumination cast by the sole light above the door. She stared straight ahead like the guard wasn't even worth looking at.

The guard's previous bored eyes widened slightly as he rushed to open the door.

"Of course, have a wonderful evening, Ms. Van Westler."

That certainly got Tom's attention. His eyebrows rose slightly as he wordlessly followed Sara.

They passed through the door and onto a well-manicured lawn that stretched up the side of a gentle hill. The stars caught his attention once again as they walked. A cool evening dew caught the light of the stars, casting a thousand diamonds of light that drew his eyes to the top of the ridge. On top of the hill was a massive mansion in all of its glory, silhouette against the night sky. To the left was a dark and seemingly vast lake. It's mirror like and undisturbed waters a testament to the lack of neighbors in the area. The lawn they were walking on stretched around the entire property and with the exception of the lake, ended in woods as far as the eye could see.

They must be on a hell of a lot of private land, he thought. Not to mention the apparently private lake within driving distance of a major city.

The two of them set off up the hill. As they went they passed more men in matching black suits patrolling the grounds. They swept their flashlights across the lawn; small pockets of light among the inky blackness of the night. Somewhere in the distance a dog barked.

Tom was slightly surprised that they were walking all the way to the mansion. Images of expensive cars and valet parking came to mind. The only thing that he could think of was that security was so tight that the guests to the party couldn't be allowed to drive all the way up to the house. He mentioned his thoughts to Sara.

She had an amused if slightly tense expression on her cute face. "I also imagine that much of the guest list didn't travel by car."

Tom was saved from asking another stupid question as they arrived at the front door. The mansion was no less impressive up close. Stone walls and high windows loomed over him, hinting at the glamour and wealth contained within. Stone gargoyles were placed along the entire outside circumference of the building. They stared down at him from ledges cut into the stonework.

An ornately dressed footman with thinning hair and a pencil mustache stood at attention in front of a pair of open and lavishly carved front doors. The light billowing out onto the front steps brought with it the sounds of the party beyond.

"Who stands before the house of Edwards this night?" The man asked formally.

Sara all but rolled her eyes but when she spoke her tone was aristocratic perfection. "Warlock Sara Van Westler and guest, unattached Warlock Thomas Thornton."

If the man was surprised, he hid it well. "Very well then. Enter and be treated to the protection and hospitality of the noble house of Edwards." As the man turned away from them Sara actually did roll her eyes.

"I'm sure the Dean will be as hospitable as always." Sara muttered under her breath. 

Tom marveled at the changes in Sara since their arrival. Her voice was suddenly crisp and well educated. Not at all her usual combination of annoyed and bossy. Even her posture and the way she walked seemed to have changed. She moved with an easy confidence, shoulders thrown back, back perfectly straight. She didn't walk so much as she glided forward, like she expected the world to bend to her every whim. Tom certainly did.

They walked into a large two-story entrance way. A large medallion was set into the center of the marble floor, depicting what Tom assumed was some sort of family crest. A pair of ornate staircases flanked the sides of the room and led to a balcony on the second story overlooking the entrance way. 

Small groups of well-dressed people were standing around and conversing with each. Tom felt even more underdressed than when he picked up Sara earlier in the evening. They wore the type of clothing that was commissioned more than simply bought. Something he could never hope to complete with, certainly not with his big box store bought items.

They passed below the balcony overhead and through another set of carved wooden doors. The sounds of the party grew louder as their footsteps clicked on the expensive marble floors.

When Tom finally got his first look at the approaching ballroom, he had to keep his jaw from hitting the floor at the sight that greeted them. 

****

"This isn't working." Aresta said seriously.

Shyira and Aresta were standing around Tom's dingy little bedroom looking intently at his cramped closet. A few boxes were stacked up in the corner. A game controller was perched precariously on top of a stack of games on one of the shelves. His overloaded laundry basket was overflowing onto the floor. Aresta looked at in with contempt.

"We should really find him a servant to clean up this mess."

"Volunteering?"

Aresta's eyes shifted a little nervously to Shyira. "No, I think I'll pass."

Shyira continued to stare forward intently. "You must have patience, it will work." She said.

"It didn't work the last two times we tried." Aresta said in a huff. 

"Then try again."

Aresta reached out her clawed hands. Her eyes glowed faintly red as she poured magic into a spell. The lights dimmed and flickered. The air crackled with power. An unseen breeze rustled her bubble gum pink and red hair. It was all very impressive, until nothing happened. The lights in the room returned to normal. Aresta gave out a frustration sound, walked up and kick the frame of the closet with her foot.

"I give up." Aresta said, throwing her clawed hands in the air.

"You're such an impatient slut, you know that." Shyira said mildly. She stepped forward and looked closely at the runes carved in the chipped wooden trim surrounding Tom's closet.

She stared intently at the runes until with one clawed hand she reached out and scratched an extra line into one of the runes. 

"There, try it again."

Aresta swished her tail irritably and raised her hands again. This time the runes of the door glowed in time with her red eyes. The lights of the room dimmed as a steady crackling of power increased in volume, until with a pop, and the smell of brimstone, a portal of shimmering red light appeared.

A look of girlish satisfaction passed over Shyira's demonic features as a blast of frigid air flew into the room.

"Good." She said simply.

Aresta looked on as the first of the icy creatures stepped through the portal and bowed in front of Shyira. The first creature was short and ugly. The skin that wasn't covered by animal skins was midnight blue and smooth like a baby. A second creature walked out and bowed as well. An air of overwhelming malevolent violence radiated from the pair. Their sharp teeth were only matched by the razor sharp knives of pure ice that they clutched in their stubbly little fingers.

Shyira paid them no mind as behind them, the massive furred form of Hughar stepped through the portal and bowed in front of Shyira. "Mistress." He rasped respectfully. The two smaller creatures echoed Hughar's action, bowing even deeper.

"Mistress."

Shyira smiled.

****

Tom could hear the party in full swing as they entered the antechamber of the main ballroom. The same family crest was inlaid into the marble floor of the circular room. Everywhere Tom looked he saw walls covered in paintings and mosaics. Although on closer inspection, the paintings looked more line with the Haunted Mansion in Disney Land than the manor of a wealthy dean. Along with the usual portraits showing well-bred and impeccably dressed men going back several generations, there were also several paintings a bit odder. One painting showed a beautiful woman in a traditional witch's outfit, riding a broom with a laughing toddler in her arms. Another showed a bearded man in the fashion of an American settler doing battle with a large horned beast inside of a cave. Yet another painting showed a group of naked women dancing around a bonfire in the middle of a dark forest at night.

They left antechamber and stepped through another set of doors into the ballroom proper. The room was teaming with people of all shapes and sizes and Tom wanted to see them all. Tom could see that tables were arranged on one half of the floor, where well-dressed people were sitting and socializing. An area along the wall had been designated the refreshments area and he could see a large area of the floor was serving as the dance floor. 

Tom moved to take a step forward. Sara just as quickly took his hand and pulled him back. They caught each other's eyes for a moment. Sara's reproachful look vanished as her eyes widened slightly and her cheeks flushed beet red. She just as quickly released Tom's hand.

"Wait until we're announced." She said in a hushed whisper. Tom found her attempt to hide her embarrassment to be incredibly cute.

As if on cue, the footman stepped forward and raised his voice to the room, "Announcing Warlock Sara Van Westler and her companion, unattached Warlock Thomas Thornton."

With that hey stepped forward. As they entered the room they warranted a few looks from the people close enough to the door to hear the announcement but most of the crowd was too caught up in the party to notice.

Tom caught Sara looking intently at the other end of the room. There a single table stood overlooking the floor from a raised platform. The host's table sat empty as Dean Henry Edwards was nowhere to be seen, much to Sara's annoyance.

His attention quickly moved away from Sara as he surveyed the room and got a better look at the crowd. What caught his attention first were the chandeliers. Four ornate chandeliers made of polished silver and crystal floated around the room above them. The light of a hundred candles shined through the crystal, creating a rainbow of colors that danced along the ceiling. 

"Come on." Sara said, grabbing is arm and pulling him further into the party.

The party seem to be an international affair. Along with the types of warlocks he expected to find in his town, he saw warlocks from all over the world. What looked like a Hindu priest was having a discussion with an Asian man in a suit. He saw an African warlock using his wand to make a bunch of glowing bubbles dance through the air, to the delight of a gaggle of laughing children.

"This is amazing." Tom breathed.

Sara broke her gaze with the host's table to give Tom an alarmed look. "What did I tell you about keeping your guard up?"

But Tom wasn't listening. The man at the door may have been human but now that they were in the party proper it was clear to Tom that most of the waiting staff were not. Dozens of waiters moved through the party carrying trays of food and drinks. Tom saw blue skin and green, wings and horns. No single race comprised them all, although all of them were female. They wore matching sexy servant outfits. Thigh high stockings, with a skirt that was little more than a black band of cloth. A small butler blouse that left their flat stomachs exposed was finished off with matching black leather collars instead of bow ties.

Tom dragged Sara to the refreshment table where a massive selection of pastries and hors d'oeuvres greeted him. Having had his dinner so rudely interrupted, Tom was quick to grab a sandwich earning him another eye roll from Sara. "Men," she murmured. Tom looked around for something to wash his food down with. Men and Women were filling goblets from a functioning fountain filled with a glowing red liquid. 

"Come on." Sara said as she pulled Tom away from the refreshment table but not before he grabbed a couple of flutes of a bubbling purple drink. "The whole point is for me to be making an appearance so we can get out of here."

"What's the hurry?" Tom said.

He handed Sara one of the glasses and raised his own expectedly. Sara gave a frustrated sound before raising her own glass and downing it in one go. He expected a grape flavor but found that he couldn't quite place the slightly tart fruit that comprised the drink. It burned slightly from a high alcohol content as it went down his throat and left a pleasant aftertaste on his tongue. After one sip, he followed Sara's lead and tipped the rest back in one go. He resisted the urge to go back for another glass. He didn't want to end the night blacking out. Instead he gave Sara a big smile.

"And we will, just as soon as you give me a dance."

Despite the sudden turn in the night's events, Tom hadn't forgotten that he was still on a date with Sara and he really wanted it to go well. Come hell or high water he wanted her to have a good time. Plus, he wasn't about to lose the opportunity to get Sara in his arms. Tom grabbed Sara's arm before she could react and dragged her in the opposite direction Sara was attempting to go.

Sara immediately stared to pull back from Tom. "Oh no! We don't have time for this." She said.

"Sure, we do," he said confidently has he finished pulling her onto the dance floor just as the first song started.

Sara gave Tom an annoyed look that somehow only made her look cuter.

The song was a fast one, thank god. Tom wasn't sure he could have handled a slow dance. The speed also helped mask his own lack of dancing skills, which he was grateful for. He only stepped on Sara's feet once. 

Sara really did look beautiful, Tom decided. 

He'd been spending so much time in the company of supernatural bombshells that it was nice to have a real flesh and blood girl in front of him. Not that he had much more experience with human girls than with the non-human ones, still, it felt good just to be in her company.

Sara loosened up after the first song. The combination of nerves and alcohol finally allowing her to flash Tom her first real smile since they were so rudely interrupted during dinner. Tom pulled her closer to him as he sensed the change in her mood. What started as the type of awkward dance of acquaintances, all awkward movements and personal space, ended with Sara's arms thrown around Tom's neck and Tom's hands resting firmly on Sara's hips.

The second song ended and Tom moved one of his hands from Sara's hip and brushed his fingers across her cheek, feeling the soft pale skin underneath his fingers. He began to lean in, intent on stealing a kiss, when the next song started and broke the moment. 

They started to dance again with renewed vigor. They moved across the dance floor with wild abandon. They bumped into several very well-dressed people as they danced. Years of upper class schooling made Sara horrified at the breaches of social etiquette, at first. By the end, the bumps into other people earned him only fits of giggles from her.

Tom hoped he was part of the reason she was finally having some fun, although the alcohol was obviously helping to loosen her up.

Sara finally pulled away from Tom as the song ended. 

"Having fun yet?" Tom asked.

"We're not supposed to be having fun." She hit Tom on the chest playfully. Her serious, chastising tone of voice in stark contrast with the smile on her face.

She was having fun despite herself. Tom has happy at her reaction, despite never getting another chance to grab a kiss.

"Come on, I need to find the dean if I ever want to get out of here tonight."

She moved to approach an elvish server. She was tall and blond and built like a brick house. She had dark mocha skin. Skin that would have suggested her homeland was somewhere tropical if she had been human. Tom had no idea what it meant for an elf. If it wasn't for the pointed ears or her canted purple eyes, she could have past for human. She bowed respectfully to Sara, inadvertently exposing the deep valley of her breasts in her low-cut butler outfit.

"Miss," She said demurely.

"Where is the dean?"

"The master is in the summoning room."

"The summoning room?" Sara asked.

"He will be observing one of the trainees attempt a summoning soon." After careful observation, Tom had decided that the elf's breasts were bigger than Sara's but still slightly smaller than Shyira's. After more careful thought he started to wonder if Shyira might be able to help him live out one of his Lord of the Rings fantasizes. 
