 So tell me. What do you really want, she said.

I was thrilled and terrified. I knew this was a horrible idea. I also knew as I looked at her image that over and over every day. Back and forth fighting with what I thought I ought to do and what I wanted more than anything else. She kept changing her image. Revealing a bit more of herself each time. Then when the moon rose full she came to me in my dreams. Each time and each image pressed the same question further. What did I really want. 

I typed my reply as I stared at her haunting image. I think you already know what I really want. I hit send, expecting a reply maybe later that day or evening, instead it came back almost instantly.

Yes. I do.

The next instant images began flashing across the screen at a speed that barely allowed my brain the time to register them before the next image came. Hundreds. Thousands of images flooding into me.

All of them her. None of them the same. A picture of her began to form not on the computer screen. Rather it developed inside of me.

She was paler than any human I had ever seen. Her full black hair surrounded her and reached the ground. She seemed to be wearing a blackish veil like gown that also lay to the ground. It appeared to me to be made in such a way that I thought I could see through the material to what lay behind it. There was nothing behind it other than her bare body. I felt a lightening quick shiver race within my body. At the same moment I thought I saw full, wide, glistening black lips raise up for just a second in the hint of a smile.

I tried to tell myself to get up. That significant amounts of time were passing. That I had work that needed to be attended to and I was late doing it already. Yet I sat there transfixed and frozen as the images raced faster and faster across the screen along with a deeper and deeper dread in me. Something was not right. Something was very wrong and I needed to flee while I still could. I didn't move. I didn't take my eyes from the screen. I am not sure if ever even blinked even once.

What I was seeing was not possible. She was not possible. This was a simple online flirt site. This wasn't real. I was making it up. Wish fulfillment was all it was. Was all it could be.

The images raced faster. A full figured woman beneath the black gown. Long black fingernails on pale thin hands. Large breasts that swept up and were topped with giant dark aureolas ending with thick half inch nipples. Her hips were heavy, wide and round which made room for a very wide space between her thighs. Within that space hung impossibly long, dark, fat, throbbing, labia gleaming with her sticky clear secretions.

Then I heard her voice, thick, ancient, sultry, and utterly sensual over and over as if actually in my head. Give me your answer. Tell me what you really want. Then her images fired across the screen at such a blistering fast rate I couldn't even halfway grasp what I was seeing. I felt my body responding more and more to whatever those images were and my muscles became so tight and contracted as I sat there I feared they were all about to implode.

Then the images stopped, freezing a single image before me screaming in my head. I could see a hazy image of that pale, pale face and a crystal sharp image of swirling pure black eyes with no irises, but with living creatures of complete perversity straining to burst out. 

I was so scared to type anything back at all. I just kept staring at those eyes. Even though it was a still image. A simple picture. I was sure I saw things moving inside those eyes as if desperately attempting to press out of that world and into mine.

Turn it off I told myself over and over. Get up and get away. Yet I didn't. I felt like I couldn't no matter how bad I wanted to run. All I could do was sit there with my fingers still hovering over the keyboard. I don't know how long I sat there. What I do remember was at some point I felt an intense heat and then pressure against my groin. The heat and pressure kept increasing until I was keenly aware of me swelling in response. I felt a rush of heat and energy run from my groin to my face and thought I heard her throaty voice right next to my ear say, yes. Yes, give yourself to me, yes. Feel me on your skin.

Then I was typing at a reckless pace. What I really want is for you to be real. For you to come and take me. For you to come ravage and devour me. For no and for ever more.

I sat. And I sat. And I sat. For hours on end waiting for a response. Nothing. Not a single word or image. Nothing. I grew cold and achey. I grew frustrated and angry. In the end I just felt like an old fool who had tricked his mind into believing what I knew at the depths of my being could not, can not, and is not is not. It was a trick of some kind and nothing more. At last I went to bed.

I found myself in a dream. Clear and sharp as waking life. I was walking along a pebbly pathway through an old, abandon, cemetery late at night. The air was cool, the smell of decaying foliage was heavy in the air, and a thick slow moving fog shifted about all around me. Then I heard the soft steady sound of someone up head moving in my direction. Being fearful by nature and unable to see who was coming my way. I quickly slipped behind a large monument to hide and watch. For sometime all I heard were the regular footfalls still approaching even though the person was completely obscured to my sight by the fog. At last, at about five yards distance there was a part in the fog and a woman, no a nun, I realized took a few more swaying steps and came to a stop. Her face was concealed in shadow, but she wore a long black nuns dress and habit of with the white ring in front with the black fabric following down behind her.

What in the world is a nun doing out at this hour of the night in this odd graveyard, I wondered. I noticed her hips were wide making the fabric of her dress taut against them. Then I noticed how the fabric seemed to cling to her chest. I saw how her breasts pushed the fabric upwards and outwards. And with embarrassment I realized large protruding nipples threatened to rip themselves out to freedom. I chastised myself for staring. For the wicked heat felt spreading in my loins. I didn't dare stir from my hiding place. I feared to even breathe. Then I thought I heard a voice so close to my ear and sounding so real my head snapped to the left fully expecting someone to be standing right there by me. There was no one, but the moment I turned back I heard the voice once again. You're supposed to stare, it said as I watched this nun pull on a long wooden beaded chain the she had beneath her clothing. After a moment or two of pulling I saw an huge inverted cross slip out of the top of her collar and she held it in her left hand. I told myself I was imagining it being upside down. That it would be blasphemy for a nun to wear such a thing. I then saw her holding the short part of the cross and raise up the long part towards her shadow on concealed face. As she did that I caught a flicker of light bounce off what appeared to me to be black lacquered long fingernails. No I thought. Nuns aren't allowed to wear nail polish much less grow their nails long. I tried to peer through the shadow to catch a sight of their face, but it was as if the shadow shifted as she shifted preventing any sighting at all. The end of the crucifix disappeared into that shadow for a number of seconds. During this time I thought I saw her black dress covered arm moving back and forth towards her face. When she brought the crucifix out of the shadow it was covered in so much saliva it was dripping off of the cross to the ground and running down her arm. I felt fire brush up against my body and press in against my groin.

What on earth I said, and I am not sure I did not say it out loud. For as I watched her slide her right hand down along her dress and then slowly pull her dress up on that side revealing an unnaturally pale leg. I heard a throaty voice murmur, not of this earth, and I watched her slip the long end of the dripping crucifix past the bottom of her dress. I believe I both felt and somehow heard the crucifix enter her body. I watched her pelvis shift forward in my direction as her right hand moved the dress up above her hip partially exposing herself to me. I could now clearly see the full length of that huge cross spreading apart her enormous labia as she slowly slide it further and further up inside her. I heard her release an unholy moan as she pushed the crucifix upwards until it would go no further due to the beam of wood going horizontally. A second later I could see a heavy syrupy liquid moving down the inside of her thigh. I felt a strong force press up against my crotch. Heavy, firm, and unyielding it pushed harder and harder until I had to fight to maintain my balance. My eyes, despite the sensation, never left the sight of the nun.

Her pace with the cross began to quicken. She was sliding the crucifix out to the end and then driving it up into her with harder and harder force and greater and greater speed. Her moans were now like howls and her syrupy cum ran in a steadier and steadier stream along the length of her leg. I was practically wincing as I heard and watched her body jolt with the force she was driving the cross deeper and deeper into herself. A moment later I was certain I felt something vice like and sopping wet engulf my engorged cock as she let loose a scream like a wild beast and heavy cum gushed out of her soaking her dress and leg.

I was back in my room. I thought awake until I looked at the end of my bed and there perched on the railing the woman crouched. Her feet were some type of claws and she shifted them until she was perched directly over top of the large ball like knob on the end of the rail. Her swarming oil black eyes remained locked on me. Her thick black lips gleamed with wetness. I heard her in my mind, You wonder why you are like you are don't you. Terrified of what you are. Of what you fear is the true you. Yet each you heed the call. Give in to you bases being and fall further onto your depravity.

Then she wrapped her black finger nailed hands around the bottom of her nun dress and slid it up to her waist. She stayed the a moment. Hovering over the top of the rails six inch wide wooden ball her long pulsing labia were so big the bottoms of them were caressing the top portion of the ball coating it in her syrupy secretions. Ever so slow she lowed herself down onto the ball. Her labia spread, became more aroused and swelled thicker, as it enveloped the large ball. At first contact of her vagina with the ball her clitoris enlarged rapidly stretching down and then a very big black end extended past her skin until there was a inch of it protruding and a two inch round end dripping clear heavy syrup from it. She dipped her hand down and caught her syrup with her fingers and lapped it into her mouth. I thought I saw a forked black tongue catch it.

Mustn't waste that which is most sacred. This time she took both hands down and scooped up all that was going down the bedpost. Like lightening she brought it up to her black lips and voraciously slurped until all was gone. 

Now feel me around you she said at just above a whisper. As I watched in disbelieve she began a steady descent on the ball. I could see her body swallow it up as if it was a small and everyday thing. Then I felt hot heat, a squeezing pressure, and a sensation of slick moisture dripping onto my skin.

This is. This can't be real, I said to myself.

I then felt an increase in heat, pressure, moisture, and as she went further down on the rail post, I thought I could feel a slow tight movement going from the top of my penis and now midway down my shaft.

She slid the rest of the way down the post. The ball swallowed up and she just kept going down further and further on the rail post until her knees were up near her ears, cum was oozing out of her at an increasing rate. She sunk down the rest of the way to until the rail came to the cross rail and she could descend no further. A low husky moaning growl slipped from her, and then raised in volume and intensity.

The pressure around my cock was so strong. I felt wetness running down over my hips as I felt pressure pushing down on my shaft, pressing and pushing, like it was trying to get more and more of me in. A throbbing began first barely noticeable and then more and more powerful along with a great increase in the heat. I considered for a brief moment how it was getting hotter and hotter, but never felt like it burned.

Then her moaning growl skyrocketed as she launched her body up off the rail post, as she went up past the ball and out I heard an audible slurping pop.

I also felt a parallel sensation of the pressure racing back up my cock and off, then with a frightening fury she plummeted back down. She did not slow at all as she took ball and the full length of the bed rail inside her, I felt the pressure shoot down along my shaft and when it bottomed out on my cock it knock the air from my lungs as it struck downwards into my pelvis.

She howled and said, ah yes, this is quite delightful, and let loose an inhuman seemingly endless moan.

She shot up and plunged down, over and over, harder and fast with each time. I felt some kind of similar sensations in accordance with her every movement. As she struck down each time I thought this force striking me would shatter my bones. As she went up I felt my cock suck along and stretched. As she passed over my glans I felt like it was a ball and it was going to pull me out by my cock's root. I thought I passed out and came to over and over again each time it all felt more and more real. More and more intense and more and more like it would not stop until I was dead. She was going with such force now that the bed shook and banged with her motions. Her syrupy cum was all but gushing out of her and I felt my body and bed soaked in hotter and hotter wetness.

Suddenly as she plunged down there was an enormous crash and she shattered the frame of the bed. She landed right on her feet like she had done this a thousand times before. Her nun dress was rolled up and remained around her full and wide pale hips. Her muscled legs glistened with the coating of her cum. Six inches of the bed railing extended out from between her swollen pulsing black labia. Her clit was throbbing as well while her cum continued to flow out of her. She reached down with one hand, grabbed hold of the protruding bedpost and with swirling pitch black her eyes boring into mine drew it straight out of her body. This time I thought I caught a slight distending of her belly as the ball of the post came down and out of her.

Her syrupy cum must have been very thick as the bed railing she held up was made significantly large by the coating she had left.

She raised it ceremoniously to her puffy black lips, slightly parted them, and then in a blink, swallowed down the entire bedpost until her lips were pressed up against her hand. Her black eyes sparkled and shown, and she let out a deep satisfied moan. A moment later she was withdrawing it, the post moving back out of her throat like a snake swallowing a deer in reverse, but just before she had begun its withdraw. I thought I had seen her tongue, wet and black, forked and so long it had darted past the back of her hand and caught a large syrupy drip of her cum that had been destined to fall to the floor.

The tongue, if it had been there at all, was gone as quick as it came out. Then she noisily slurped off every drop of her cum from the bedpost as it past between her lips. She flicked her eyes to it for a brief moment. It looked utterly dry, just a broken piece of old wood, with a twist of her hand she tossed it to the ground. Her eyes fastened back to mine.

Now you, she said. Her nun dress unrolled and dropped back down to her ankles. But it seemed sheer now. I thought I could nearly see right through it. That I could see her still engorged clit and labia pulsing between her wide spaced legs. That I saw massive black nipples blazing on top of her large pale breasts while they leaked out a thin streams of dark milk. That I could see every glorious inch of her unparalleled flesh.

Then what I thought I saw was gone, replaced by a sensation of my groin being straddled and my hips and thighs being pressed in together by an unseen force.

Suddenly I could smell her face right in front of mine. The force against my lower body multiplied. Her smell, I knew it was her without a doubt, was unlike anything of this earth. The most amazing mixtures of inexplainable scents. Instantly I was flooded with a ravenous boundless hungering lust. Its focus. My focus. My purpose for living was only to satisfy her every unspeakable desire.

I heard her husky throat voice completely clear. Like she was right there overtop of me.

Open your mouth wide as you can.

My mouth burst open straining its entrance without me having any sense of its control. It continued to strain to make its entrance still wider.

That will do for now she said.

I felt an ocean of the sweetest, slickest, stickiest, most delicious nectar pouring inside my mouth. More and more it kept coming. An awakening fire ignited, then I felt a powerful muscled forked tongue invade my mouth behind the still pouring nectar. I felt that tongue fill my entire mouth and then plunge through my mouth and on deep down into my throat. My body jolted, flailed, and spasmed every which way and still the syrupy nectar of her cum and saliva kept flooding into my mouth. Her serpent like tongue slithered further and further down my throat. My nerves and muscles shot off bouncing my body like an electrified puppet as I lay pinned beneath her as she somehow enveloped my cock within her labia and then she clamped them down on it like a vice. I felt sensed my entire body and mind erupt in complete misfire. My body leapt about under her as though having a full blown massive seizure. I experienced wave after wave of unbelievable orgasm, but with her labia clamped down over my cock I was unable to cum at all. Eruption after eruption exploded away inside me until everything fell away and all was gone.

When I came to she was solidly materialized on top of me. Her pussy was oozing hot cum over my cock as she released her labia's hold on it. Her nipples leaked out black milk sufficient enough to make my chest wet where she had them pressed up against me. With exaggerated slowness she withdrew her incomprehensible tongue. Once out she paused leaving what appeared to be a foot of it waggling in my face. The forks so long they looked like they could have wrapped around my wrist. The still dripping wet midnight black tongue flexing and undulating making my blood bursting erect cock still trapped beneath her wet pussy, strain and pulse with a great new rushing flood of blood enlarging it far past its normal size.

She withdrew her magnificent tongue completely.

Worry not. There is so much more to come. I have only tapped the outer shell of what I will do to you. Once my sacred fluids have burrowed completely inside you. You will be mine until the end of your time. Where ever you are, whatever you are doing, no matter how much you try to fight and resist me. I will find you and you will draw me to you. To your flesh and your dreams. Soon your only desire and need will be for me to come to you and to use you to satisfy my insatiable lust. In a very short time nothing will feel real to you but me and your unrelenting burning hunger to be with me.

Then her unfathomable black eyes latched and drilled down into me as she leaned towards me. Until that time, she said, and her lips seemed extra wet, extra glossy, and black as she placed them to mine.

She said, with this kiss I seal our pact. Until your death we will not part. I now bind you to me now and forever more.
