 (No connection with persons or firms, living or dead, is intended. This is purely a work of fiction.)

*

As I woke up I immediately knew that something was wrong. I was in severe pain, and I felt like you do when you come out from under a general anesthetic. I was nude, lying on the back seat of my car, and there were blood stains all over the place. My clothes were on the rear floor of the car. I didn't want to move around too much because I hurt all over, and beside that I didn't want to do any more damage than had already been done. I had no idea how I had gotten back into my car. The last thing I remember was going to a sorority house to pick up the niece of one of my co-workers. Shortly after that point I have no memory of anything. However, I did have a nightmare while I was out. I couldn't remember the details, but I know it was a bad nightmare..

I gently reached down to my clothes on the car floor and fished my cell phone from my pants pocket. I called the private number of an old friend from college. 

"Dave, this is Jim. I think I am in deep medical trouble here. I need help. I'm in the back seat of my car. My car looks like it's parked in my parking place at work. Please help me and bring some good injectable pain killers with you."

"What's going on Jim?"

"I wish I could tell you, I'm in pain, sick to my stomach, and woke up with blood all around me. Please come soon."

"I can be there in about ten minutes! In the mean time, do not move from where you are. If something bad has happened you don't want to make it worse. Hang on Jim!"

Dave had been doing extra study before taking his internal medicine board exams while I had been finishing my Ph.D. in theoretical physics. We tried to help each other during that trying period. 

The next ten minutes were agonizing. Then, I heard my car door open and Dave was there. 

I could see the color draining from Dave's face. He suddenly looked very concerned. 

"What made you go pale, Dave"

"I don't want to tell you yet. However, I am going to give you a shot of fentanol. You will drift off into a very deep sleep. I will take care of what needs to be done. Now, here comes the shot."

There was a prick from a needle in my arm and moments later I felt nothing and everything suddenly turned black 

Dave took out his cell phone and made two calls. One was to an ambulance and the other was to detective Burns of the State Police.

When I awoke I found myself in a hospital bed with a morphine drip line running into my left arm. I saw that I was in a private room and had two guests. I immediately knew that Dave was there, but I didn't know the other man.

"Jim, are you awake enough to talk with us?"

"I'm not sure Dave, but I'll try."

"My friend here is Chuck Burns,with the state police. He is an excellent detective, and a good friend of mine. You can tell him anything you would tell me. He can be trusted."

I must have had a confused look on my face because Chuck spoke to me in soothing tones: "You have been the victim of a serious crime Jim. Five other men have been attacked in the same way that you have been. One of them didn't live. From what Dave has told me you will pull through this as well as can be expected. I need to have you tell me all that you can remember from yesterday afternoon until you woke up this morning."

I thought for a moment or too, it is hard to organize your thoughts with morphine running through your system.

"Yesterday morning, when I got to work there was a typed note sitting on my desk. It was from my friend John, from work, who had gone out of town and forgotten that he had promised to take his niece on a brief tour of the town and to dinner. The note said that the niece was staying with sorority sisters at a sorority named Phi-Upsilon-Sigma. There were directions to the location. I arrived at the time that John had indicated that I was expected. When I knocked on the door, a girl came to the door and asked me in and told me that John's sister wasn't quite ready yet. She led me into the living room and asked me if I wanted a drink while waiting. I told her that I would be driving so I would be happy to have a Pepsi. Moments later I was given a frosty glass of Pepsi with a twist of lemon in it. I drank the Pepsi and moments later felt a bit funny. Then, I don't remember anything."

As I was saying this Chuck and Dave were exchanging knowing glances with each other. 

Dave spoke up. "I have to ask you some very personal questions, Jim. I'm sure that I already know the answers, but for legal reasons I must ask you three things. One, you don't have a girlfriend who uses a strapon when you are engaged in sex play, do you?"

"No, I've never had a girlfriend who was into that."

"Good, now a harder question: "have you ever had homosexual relations with anyone?"

"Hell no, Dave. You know that."

The next question was a bit weird. Jim, you don't use any sex play that involves putting anything in your rectum, do you?"

"Hell no Dave, these are outrageous questions. What is going on."

"Jim, I'm gong to have to tell you some things that will be hard to hear. I know that you are a man of faith and great emotional strength. You are going to need both of those right now. You have been severely sexually assaulted. Whoever did this is a butcher at heart. I'll start with the least damning crime first. Someone used a strapon on your ass and used little or no lubrication. In fact it almost looks like they wrapped the strapon with sixty grit sand paper. They have torn mucous membranes and blood vessels in your rectum and badly punctured your colon. We fixed the colon problem by removing a foot length of the lower colon a couple of hours ago. These same people did another thing to you that is much more serious. Jim, they violently castrated you."

He was silent for a moment while the horrible truth sank into my fuzzy brain.

"Dave, are you serious?"

"Dead serious, Jim."

Chuck, the detective, spoke up again. "Jim, you are the sixth man to face this terrible problem in the last twelve weeks. We need to find some clues that will lead us to these monsters. Can you tell us exactly where the sorority was located?"

"From my place of work you take Main St. going north until you hit Maple. Hang a right at Maple, go three blocks to Decatur St. and turn left. It is the third house on the right hand side."

"Do you remember anything about the house?"

"The only things that stuck in my mind were that the odd green color of the front door didn't seem to match the character of the house, and the entryway inside the house had a fancy set of stairs on the left as you walked in and the living room was on the right. It had old, but very nice furniture in it as well as a fireplace. I'm sorry I can't tell you more."

"You've remembered more than most of the other men who have been attacked. When you are healed enough, I want you to go with me to a good forensic hypnotist. I suspect that you may well have some critical details just below the surface in you mind. Will you do that?"

"If you think it's needed to get these monsters, I'm game!"

"Dave, what is the earliest time that we dare take him over to Doc Jonse's place?"

"I think it had better three weeks, or so. .We need to let that colon heal well before he goes anywhere. He doesn't need to strain those stitches. I wish I could say sooner, but I don't want to have to fight a major infection."

"Three weeks it is, Dave. Thanks!"

Dave spoke up, "Try to get some rest, Jim, you need it."

I grinned, and closed my eyes. I didn't really hear them leave the room. Morphine really helps you not completely care what has happened. It's dangerous stuff!"

***************

Chuck Burns went directly to the office that Jim worked at to gather evidence. He asked management to go to Jim's office. He had told them that Jim was in the hospital after an assault, but he didn't go into any detail. He also told them that there might still be a clue as to who assaulted him in the office.

When he arrived at Jim's office he saw yellow notes stuck to various surfaces. He immediately noted that there was an orange note sitting on the desk pad. Without touching it, he leaned over and read it.

Jim, I had to quickly go out of town to visit the accelerator at CERN. I had forgotten that my niece would be coming to town and that I had promised her I'd show her the town and take her to dinner. Please, as a favor to me, take her out like I was supposed to. She can be found at ..........

The note carried the name Mark Smith. 

Detective Burns then took a pair of tweezers from his pocket, lifted up the note and dropped it into a small manila envelope, and sealed the envelope. Then he wrote the time, location, case number, and his signature on it before putting the envelope back into his pocket.

Detective Burns asked the person who had led him to Jim's office to please lead him to Mark Smith. He was informed that Mark was still out of town and would be until the following week.

"Can you give me a telephone number where I will be able to reach him?"

The number was quickly written down on a piece of paper. 

"May I use your phone to call him?"

"Yes, detective, use Jim's phone. You need to dial a nine to get the outside line."

Two minutes later Chuck Burns was speaking with Mark Smith.

"Mark, I'm Detective Chuck Burns. I'm in Jim's office right now and have found a note to him with your name on it. Do you happen to remember what your note asked him to do for you?"

"Detective, if I could, I would. However, I didn't leave any note for him."

"Mark, do you have a niece, from out of town who was coming to visit you three days ago?"

"Detective, I don't even have a niece who could visit. What's going on?"

"Jim was attacked when he went to pick up the person talked about in this note. He is in the hospital, but will recover. We're trying to find who sent him this note. You have been very helpful. Have a good day. Good-by."

**********************

The forensic lab photocopied the note and then had the fingerprint experts work on lifting prints. They used all the non-destructive methods that they could, finding no prints except those of Jim. Then they used a chemical to try to bring out an image of the print. There was no print. Whoever had left the note had been careful.

Chuck Burns was not surprised. They had not found fingerprints on the other note they had found in the office of one of the earlier victims. Chuck asked his staff to try to find any linkage between the names, places of employment, known friends, location of homes, banks and stores used, and any other possible link that would tie the victims together. In each of the attacks the victim had been given a note, supposedly from a trusted friend, that led them to the attacker. There had to be a common thread somewhere. 

********************** Three weeks later ********** Jim was still very sore, but was well enough to be allowed to return to his house. It was agreed that Chuck would pick him up the following evening at seven-thirty to go to Dr. Jones' office. 

*************************

Dr. Jones was the only person at her office when they got there. Jim was surprised to see that the doctor was a very pretty woman who couldn't have been more than forty years old. The sign out front had indicated her to be Dr. Janet Jones, MD, psychiatrist. 

Chuck had already told Jim exactly what needed to happen that evening. Dr. Jones led them to a thickly carpeted small room that had heavy curtains hanging from all the walls, and some curtain like material on the ceiling. Upon seeing Jim's confused look she smiled and said: "to properly hypnotize you I need you to pay attention only to my voice, and the quiet music that will be playing in the background. The walls are mostly soundproof, but the curtains prevent even reflected sound. I could drop a quarter on the floor and nine out of ten people probably wouldn't be able to hear it. The curtains also allow the air conditioning to function very quietly and without discernible drafts." 

"Now, Jim, please sit down in the chair. This is what will happen. Chuck will be tape recording the entire session. I will ask you questions about what you remember from the late afternoon of the attack. I will not ask you any questions about your private life, likes, dislikes, politics, or any other subject that is not related directly to the attack. Is that all right with you?"

"Yes doctor, I want to have these people caught more than even Chuck does. Let's get started."

Once Jim had been put into the hypnotic state Dr. Jones asked him one question.

"Jim, I want you to tell me everything that happened once you arrived at the sorority house. Give me as much detail as you can remember. The more the detail, the better."

"I arrived at the house I was to go to. It was a nicely made older brick house. It looked rather large. It appeared to have only two stories. When I walked up the flag-stone walk, to the door I noticed that the light green door looked out of place on such a house. The Greek letters Phi, Upsilon, Sigma were on the door in what looked like gold paint. I didn't see any doorbell, but there was a knocker on the door, so I used it. Within a minute the door was opened to reveal a somewhat heavy set, but pretty, brunette. The top of her head only came up to the height of my shoulders. She wore dangly sort of pierced ear rings. I asked if Nancy Daws was ready to be picked up. She told me that Nancy had just gotten out of the shower and that I could sit in their living room while waiting. 

The entry way was very nice. It had a door to the left that led into a room. It had a door directly ahead of me, and it had a door to the right. Down the left wall was a very nice set of stairs. It had a two landings in it making it much like a curved staircase, but with straight steps. 

The girl who opened the door then led me into the living room and asked me if I would like a beer or mixed drink. I told her, no, because I was going to be driving. She then asked me if I would like a soft drink instead. I said that I liked Pepsi especially with a lemon twist in it. The living room was a lot like a living room in one of the old gentlemen's clubs that you sometimes see in old movies. It had a fireplace and book shelves, but there were no books on the shelves. The furniture was very nice, but was of the style popular in the very early twentieth century. 

About a minute later the girl came back into the room with a tall frosted glass of Pepsi with a twist of lemon. It tasted good. We talked for a couple of minutes, another girl came down the stairs. She had a pretty face but her body was what some people used to call a 'carpenter's dream'. She had no bosom at all that could be seen. Her hair was very interesting. It looked like bleached blond hair, but had a faint trace of purple and green in a couple of thin lines that came down on either side of her face.

It was at that time that I felt sort of funny, and then the lights went out, and stayed out until I woke up in my car. While the drug was taking me into unconsciousness I heard one of the girls call the other one Cynthia, or something like that. 

There was one peculiar thing. I thought I had seen the faces of those women before. But I couldn't, and can't, remember where.

The next thing I remember was probably a nightmare. I was bent over with my ass up in the air. I felt someone fasten something above my balls and then they started to pull on my balls, they kept pulling until I felt things start to tear. Laughing is the last thing I remember."

The doctor then commanded me to remember everything I had seen in my mind so that it would be available when I was awake. She then told me to wake up.

"That wasn't too bad, was it Jim?"

"No, was there anything useful there?"

Dave chimed in, "You bet there was. Tomorrow morning I'll pick you up at nine and have you sit down with our excellent sketch artist. We'll supply lunch and snacks because we are after several sketches that represent what you saw."

"Thanks for the help, Janet, as usual please send the bill to me at the office and it will be paid rapidly. Good night."

Dave drove me home, made sure I got inside O.K. and then left. I had a beer and some peanuts and then cleaned my teeth and went to bed.

******************

Dave was at my door at nine the next morning. The ride to his office was uneventful. Within half an hour I was sitting with the sketch artist. We worked on a front view of the house first. That only took half an hour or so. Likewise the front entry way and living room sketches only took about a half hour apiece. The picture of the girl who opened the door for me took us about an hour. The girl who had been on the stairs only took fifteen minutes because I had not had a really good look at her.

As we finished the artist phoned Chuck to come in and look at the pictures. Moments later he walked in, carrying a manila folder. He took a couple of minutes to look at the pictures. 

"Jim, you have an uncanny eye for detail. I have never seen such a match between a drawing and the actual scene. We sent a photographer out to photograph the house. As it turns out it is a furnished house that is for rent. Let me show you the photographs."

The sketches, in all major details, were identical to the photographs. "Jim, what do you do? Your observational skills are incredible."

"I'm a physicist who spends most of his time analyzing data from an experiment we had run on the European super-collider at CERN."

"That would explain it. Now that we know that your observational skills are so good, we will have a good feeling for the accuracy of the girl's sketches. Let's see them."

"Jim, I have seen this one's face before. I can't remember where I saw it, yet, but I have seen it. This drawing is almost like a photograph of her. This is important stuff! I'd like to ask you a few questions in my office, if that's o.k. with you."

I agreed and we went to Chuck's office. 

"Jim, I have had a group of other detectives asking the other living victims about their lives so that we can determine what you all have in common; and you all do have things in common. You are all single. You are all college graduates. You all live in this city. But what we do not yet have is any indication where any of you have common friends, acquaintances, business associates, shopping preferences, entertainment choices, etc. We have worked hard to get that information from the other living victims and have done a reasonable job at determining those items for the dead man. What we don't have is your details. I would like to ask you a few questions and then tell you what the other men answered. Perhaps we can find an area of overlap."

The questioning went on for several hours. It was speeded up by taping the session so nobody had to write down what was said. 

By the time everything was done, it was late afternoon. The police drove Jim home to try to rest, and clear his head from the day's activities.

*******************

Chuck Burns decided to list the items that he thought were critical points and/or missing details that would be important:

1) How did the perps get hold of a key to the house where Jim was drugged?

2) Since each of the men who were attacked had received notes from one of their friends, how did the perps determine who the victim's friends were? Also, how did they know that the friend would not be available to be asked about the note?

3) How many people were involved in these attacks?

4) Where did they get their hands on the date rape drugs that they were using on the men?

And, the most important question of all:

5) Why were they doing this?

From the backgrounds of the victims, all of whom appeared to be upstanding members of the community, it seemed likely that they were simply chosen as representative of men in general. That suggested that a hatred of men might be at the heart of this case. Hmmmmm, it was then that Chuck remembered where he had seen a face like the one in the sketch that had been derived from Jim's memory. What was it, maybe six months ago? It was somebody else's case. But he also remembered that the face also matched someone he had run into about five years ago. There had been a very viscous rape where the woman's life hung in the balance in the hospital's ICU. She had been raped and also cut up rather badly. She was on the short side and ended up with a scar on her chin and the attacker had cut off both of her breasts. Yes, that could well be the person. Now, what did she do for a living? I'll check the file.
