 "Would you like to come in?"

Sandra gazed invitingly at Henry from the open door of her apartment. She was breathtaking in her snug, black dress with her russet hair draped over one shoulder. Her dark eyes were wide and bright. Henry stared down at the beautiful woman and eagerly nodded his head.

Don't screw this up, he told himself. Be cool. Stay relaxed. 

"Um...Er...Yeah!" Henry sputtered. "Okay, sure!"

Henry fought down the urge to punch himself. So much for looking composed. At least his voice hadn't squeaked like a horny teenager. Unfortunately, the sultry smile playing over Sandra's lips was causing his cock to swell up with alarming eagerness. 

Henry kept himself from wincing or making any motion that might draw attention to the expanding bulge below his belt. He felt relief when Sandra turned away without seeming to notice, her hips swaying in her dress as she walked inside her apartment.

Get control of yourself for fuck's sake! Henry berated himself, running a hand through his dark blonde hair. 

He clenched his fists, his tall frame tensing with muscles grown firm after he had decided to get back to regular bike rides and wall-climbing workouts at the gym. Henry wished for one of those cold gym showers right now. He used the thought of a locker room full of guys to help reign in his erection enough for him to follow Sandra through the door. But he forcibly kept his eyes away from the tempting sight of her smoothly rolling buttocks inside the tight confines of her dress. 

Do not screw this up, Henry reminded himself again, not now.

Saying his first date with Sandra had gone well was like saying buying a million dollar winning lottery ticket was a mildly pleasant surprise. Henry had met Sandra in a strange, little chat room called Somnium where people discussed odd dreams they had been having. 

Henry had been trying to decide whether he should confess about the disturbingly erotic dreams, which had been haunting him when he had made a connection with one of the chat room denizens named WitchWay425. 

A few private messages had turned into a series of lengthy and increasingly intimate chats. Soon they had progressed to voice chat, and their conversations together had gone on all night. It was not long before they exchanged real names and online profiles. 

Henry had been almost as thrilled to learn they lived near each as he had been to learn WitchWay425's real name was Sandra and she truly was a woman. Henry did not recall which one of them had finally suggested meeting for a date. All he remembered was a sense of elation, nervousness, and excitement. 

He had been on his share of dates with people he had met online, and they had been a mixed bag ranging from decent to outright disasters. His evening with Sandra, however, had been amazing. And not only because Henry hadn't managed to put his foot in mouth or make an ass of himself. He had found himself wonderfully relaxed around Sandra, and none of his usual verbal clumsiness had come stumbling out. 

They had not gone to the movie theater like they planned. Instead the two of them had ended up at the restaurant the whole evening simply talking, not even realizing when the place was closing. Henry could not remember having a better evening in another person's company. 

He'd walked Sandra back to her apartment, offering her his jacket against the night's chill. They had been deep in earnest conversation, and the next thing Henry knew, he had walked with her up to the floor where she lived. Trying to be a gentlemen, he had decided he wasn't going to try to kiss her in case she wanted to take things slow.

Only now he was inside her apartment and Sandra was looking coyly over her shoulder in a way that drove any thoughts of men's locker rooms from Henry's mind. 

Her apartment was simply furnished and comfortably disheveled. There appeared to have been some effort to straighten up the place, but it was no mistaking it for the home of a neat-freak. The apartment was exactly what Henry had expected, and that delightful feeling of alluring familiarity had been something he had experienced throughout his whole evening with the lovely, dark-haired woman

Sandra was walking over to the small fireplace on one wall of the apartment. She leaned over to ignite it with the click of a lighter. She was bending over at her waist and positioned with her back straight toward Henry. The result was a stunning view her sexy derriere outlined under the stretched fabric of her black dress.

Henry gritted his teeth as his cock surged again. This time, he was unable to stop his organ from swelling up hard and throbbing inside his pants. Henry had been struggling with his arousal all night. The physical attraction he felt the moment he had met Sandra in person had been profound. It hadn't helped that her dress was cut low enough to show off her lovely breasts and snug enough to display the rest of her delightful curves. It had been a real challenge to keep his eyes wandering through the entire dinner.

Now that he had finally lost control, Henry could only hope that Sandra was deliberately making such a provocative pose before him. Any doubt Henry might have had evaporated when she straightened and turned back to give him a smoldering gaze.

"Do you want to warm yourself by the fire?" she asked, one of her hands suggestively stroking the fireplace's mantle. 

That was too much for Henry to endure. Wordlessly, he dropped his jacket to the floor and moved toward her. Sandra's dark eyes glanced down at his rigid erection as he approached. She looked back up at him, her smile was filled with eagerness. Then she was in his arms, and Henry was holding her in the way he had wanted to hold her all night. 

This was not the platonic sort of hug they had shared when they first met where Henry had tried so hard not to notice her firm breasts pushed up against him. This was an embrace of kindling lust. 

He pulled her close, the soft curves of her figure molding against him while Sandra willingly pressed herself against him. She flung her arms up around his neck, tugging his head down, and her sweet lips met his own. There was no shyness or hesitation when her tongue slid into his mouth, and Henry responded by crushing her harder against himself. 

He felt light-headed and giddy, the intoxicating taste of her tongue mixing with the intimate feeling of her soft breasts and thighs. Sandra let a low, urgent moan when she felt Henry's hard cock pushing at her. Henry let out a moan of his own when she ground her hips against him. He could feel the hot juncture between her legs even through his pants which were growing painfully tight and constricting with every passing second. His cock strained against its confines, and Henry longed to unbuckle his belt. 

His hands, however, were preoccupied with running down Sandra's sleek back and sliding over her round buttocks. Sandra lifted up one leg, throwing her thigh so high it went around his waist. She reached back to grab one of Henry's wrists and pressed his hand urgently against her rear. Henry spread his fingers wide to grasp her buttock, and he squeezed Sandra's rear cheek while lifting her up to deepen their unbroken kiss. 

The next thing Henry knew, Sandra's dress was being pulled down her body by both of them. The garment slipping down her curves to fall to the floor at her feet. Henry's erection surged with even greater excitement when he realized she was not wearing a bra, something he had suspected throughout their dinner. 

His free hand slid around her back and up her front, running up her body until he cupped her naked breast. His fingers found her already erect nipple and lightly stroked the sensitive tip, causing Sandra to shudder and let out a sigh that filled Henry with an overwhelming lust for her.

He dropped his face to Sandra's breasts to nuzzle and kiss her nipples. Sandra was pulling at his clothes, and he was frantically tugging at his shirt and pants, unable to pull them off quickly enough. He gasped in relief when Sandra undid his belt and tugged open the front of his pants, allowing his imprisoned cock to finally be free. 

"Yes Henry, yesss!" Sandra gasped, nuzzling his hair while her hand grasped the throbbing shaft of his manhood. 

"Oh fuck!" Henry moaned back then he caught himself, worried that Sandra might be one of those women who did not like coarse language during sex. She did not seem to care, and she began to slide her hand over his cock.

"I...I have protection..." Henry managed to gasp, reaching for the wallet before his pants fell further down his hips and out of reach.

"It's fine," Sandra breathily responded, planting warm kisses around his mouth. "You don't...mmm, need it."

"Oh God, I want you!" Henry exclaimed, pleasure washing over him from her squeezing fingers. He kicked away his pants and shoes, and then they were dropping together onto the carpet in front of the fireplace. 

Henry had a brief moment of surprise when Sandra used a single hand to rip away her black, silk panties with startling ease. But the startled instant passed when her hands slipped around to Henry's bare buttocks, her fingers digging into his flesh and tugging his hips between her open, parting thighs. 

"That's it, Henry!" Sandra huskily crooned into his ear as she lay back onto the floor. Henry moved forward, and his rigid cock slid into her wet, flushed slit. "Yesss!"

Henry could only let out a wordless gasp of pleasure as he felt himself enter Sandra. He kissed her again on the mouth and began to move his hips, slowly cycling his cock deeper into her sopping channel with each motion. Then he began to thrust with greater urgency, forcefully ramming himself into Sandra's willing body with steady, hard impacts that made her lift up her hips to meet each one with an excruciating groan. 

Henry's fought to restrain himself from losing control and pumping so fast he would ejaculate in seconds. The whole evening had been so perfect, he could not let himself blow it now, literally and figuratively. It was not an easy thing as he was assaulted by the incredible feeling of his penis embraced by Sandra's womanhood with her limbs pulling at him and her silken skin brushing against his body. 

Don't screw this up! Henry thought desperately even as he nuzzled Sandra's neck and stretched down to kiss her breasts in a way he had discovered made her arch her back and moan in the most erotic way imaginable.

So absorbed with his inner, conflicting struggle between lust and restraint, Henry was unaware when the orange flames in the fireplace beside them began changing hue. The fire slowly deepened into an eerie purple-white, a color unlike any natural flame. The strange flight filled the entire room with deep, looming shadows, and the darkness in the corners grew and spread across the walls.

Henry did not notice. His face was buried in Sandra's neck as he heaved and thrust at her, and he did not see the unearthly, red glow that began to shine from her half-lidded, pleasure-filled eyes. 

+++++

A dark-haired man stood on the empty street outside the quaint apartment building. He looked up and down street then bent to examine the building's entrance. 

"Fuck, which apartment was it?" Rory grumbled. 

Dressed in nondescript clothes and jacket, he carried himself like someone who knew how to handle himself in a fight. There were numerous weapons hidden over his person, none of which he needed. Standing below the entrance's bright lamp, his broad-shouldered frame cast a long shadow back down the stairs. 

Rory had been expecting to find a list of occupants at the apartment's entrance, but the resident board was being repaired. He pulled out his cell phone to see if he had the apartment number stored anywhere, but the cell buzzed suddenly in his hand. When he saw who was calling him, he groaned. Grimly, Rory held the phone up to his ear.

"Yes, I'm here," he spoke into the cell. "Yes, the date went like we thought. I agree, they do make a cute-looking couple. No, he doesn't have any idea what she really is. No, of course they didn't see me following them, give me some credit. Of course I know where they are now. Sort of."

Rory grimaced, wishing he had not let that slip out. 

"What I mean is that I'm standing outside her apartment building right now. No, I didn't forget to write down the apartment number! I'm just waiting for it to be clear so I can sneak into the building, I don't have a key after all.

"Yes, they were making googly-eyes at each other all evening. The way she was showing off her cleavage and the way he kept noticing means you were right, they're probably not going to wait until their third date."

There was a much longer pause. Rory winced as he listened.

"I know! I know this could be very bad!" Rory broke in. He tried speaking in an overly reassuring tone. "Don't worry. Really. I'll find them before it's too late. Just trust me."

He ended the call and ran a hand through his short, black hair in frustration.

"They must be ripping off each other clothes already and fucking each other's brains out," he muttered. 

Rory looked up and down the deserted street then moved to the building's front door. It was locked, but locks were not any problem for him. The hard part was going to be finding the right apartment before things went horribly wrong.

+++++

"Ahhh! Yes!" Sandra cried out, her torso undulating underneath Henry while her arms and legs desperately clutched at him. 

They lay completely naked on the carpet having torn away every stitch of clothing from their bodies. The unearthly light from the fireplace played over their nude, writhing forms. 

Henry still had not noticed the change of the firelight or the black shadows growing deeper around the room. His eyes were shut tight as he moved against Sandra, and he never saw the supernatural, crimson glow radiating from the dark-haired woman's eyes each time they fluttered open in the midst of her ecstasy. 

"Sandra!" Henry groaned, struggling not to lose control. "Wait! AH! Let-UH!-let me slow down!"

Sandra did not seem to hear him. She gasped and exhaled loudly, her cries growing more urgent before rising with a guttural sound. Her gripping fingers dug deep into Henry's shoulders, but he barely noticed the pain of her scratching nails as he continued to pound against her body. Henry tried to slow down his movements, but Sandra's twisting became even more intense and wild. 

"AH! Oohhhhh!" Sandra's moans grew even louder, 

She was bucking her pelvis underneath Henry, and each time he tried to lessen the motion of his hips in the slightest, she would heave against him. The pull of her supple limbs along with her fervent, hungry moaning was making Henry unable to stop himself from increasing his pace, even though he realized it would not take much more to make him climax. He didn't want to cum so soon, but Sandra was not letting him stop.

"Sandra!" Henry groaned desperately, his hands sliding down to tightly hold her ass. 

"AAHHH!" Sandra suddenly cried out, apparently in an intense orgasm, and she clenched her thighs around Henry so hard, he felt like his breath was being pushed out of him. 

He winced at the incredibly tight hug of her vagina around the shaft of his cock, but that could not stop his fervent need to keep driving himself into her. Henry felt himself getting too close to ejaculating to stop now.

That was when Henry's pleasure-dazed vision finally focused enough for him to realize the light in the room around him had changed. He frowned when he saw the fire's orange radiance had been replaced by the strange, purplish light that gave everything in the room an unearthly hue.

Confused, Henry looked down at Sandra, and he recoiled even though his hips did not stop thrusting at her. Her head was flung back in ecstasy, and her smiling mouth was open wide. But the teeth making up that delighted smile were sharp and pointed, twin rows of wicked fangs. A pair of small, white horns stuck out from her perspiration-tinged forehead. 

Henry gaped down at Sandra even as her whole body bucked with another orgasm. Her eyes fluttered open to stare blankly up at the ceiling as she heaved with overwhelming pleasure. The irises of her eyes glowed brightly with burning, red radiance. 

Before Henry could react, Sandra rose up against him, pressing her entire nude body against his own, and he ejaculated deep inside her.

"YESS!" Sandra cried out as she felt Henry shaking against her with hard, convulsing jerks.

"AHHHH!" Henry gasped as intense pleasure wracked over him, not lessened in the slightest by Sandra's inhuman eyes, horns and fang-filled mouth. 

He heaved his hips uncontrollably, spurting into her tightly clenched slit more times than he would have thought possible. The pleasure was too intense, and Henry felt himself falling away into it. He fought against the delightful unconsciousness with a sense of panic, his face grimacing in both pleasure and fear as he dug his fingers into the floor beside Sandra's squirming body while he continued to rock on top of the glowing-eyed woman. 

After what felt like an eternity, his cock finished fountaining its loads of cum into Sandra, and Henry almost collapsed atop her. The powerful ecstasy had left him light-headed, but a sense of frightened confusion rose up inside of his dizzy thoughts. Henry managed to keep himself poised above Sandra, gazing down at her, unable to speak.

Sandra shifted her body under him, her arms sliding over his shoulders. Her wide, elated smile continued to display those inhuman teeth. Then her glowing eyes looked up at Henry, and an expression of realization filled her gaze. Her smile vanished.

"What have I done?" she wailed. Her voice was almost a hiss. 

With heave, she pushed Henry away with shocking strength. Still trying to recover from his orgasm, Henry could only fall to the side, wincing as his dripping, slowly deflating cock was tugged out of the wet, sticky warmth of Sandra's vagina. Unbalanced, he crumpled to the floor while Sandra staggered up to her feet.

"What have I done!" she cried out again and rushed away.

"No...wait," Henry whispered, trying to catch his breath. 

He braced his palms against the plush carpet and pushed himself up time to see Sandra's gorgeous, naked backside right before she disappeared through the door. Not out the door, she passed through the door like a ghost.

"What the...?" Henry gaped as he sat up in shock. 

His mind recoiled at everything he had just seen. He could not understand what was happening. He did not know what he should do. Then the entrancing sight Sandra's naked buttocks came back to him. His thoughts were filled with the taste of her urgent kisses. The sound of her ecstatic moans. The feel of her body against him. A sudden resolution rose up in him.

"Wait. Wait!" he croaked. 

He forced himself to his feet and moved to the door. He stumbled and almost crashed his skull into it. Fortunately, he recovered and yanked it open. Stumbling into the hallway, Henry saw it was empty. Perplexed, he started down toward the stairwell. He had only made it a couple of steps when someone spoke behind him.

"Oh good, I thought this was the right floor."

Henry spun around and saw a fit-looking guy with short, black hair dressed in plain clothes standing just a couple of yards down the hall. Henry had thought the corridor had been empty when he came out the door, he but pushed that detail out of his mind. He moved up and grabbed the man by his jacket.

"Did you see her?" he demanded. "You must have seen her! She-she was...Horns! And eyes! Glowing eyes! Where did she go?"

"You know grabbing a complete stranger and babbling like a maniac doesn't really make a great first impression," the man told Henry in a mild tone. "Especially when you're doing it completely naked." 
