 The lampoon had been in place on the porch since the early afternoon - but of course, it only became visible after dusk. And the kids knew what it meant. My doorbell rung several times, and when I opened up, there would be a few kids in a ghost costume starting to sing a song and expecting candy in return. I didn't really care about the songs, heck I didn't even really care about kids at all. But I regarded it to be my community duty to participate in it anyway, and I was really able to get tormented by out-of-tune kid voices and spending ten bucks on candy once a year. 

As the evening proceeded, calls became more scarce. Around nine they stopped altogether, as parents reeled in their kids for bedtime rituals. I was drafting a powerpoint document for work, and got on quite nicely. Of course, I forgot about the lampoon on the porch completely. When I finished the presentation, I took a beer from the fridge and watched some TV while drinking it; then I got ready for bed. 

At that exact moment, the doorbell rang again. I was surprised, any kid should be sound asleep by now. I was half-dressed, so I quickly slipped on an old dressing gown before opening the door. I was shocked when I opened it and looked at the porch. My visitor was tall, too tall to be a kid. She wore a skull mask, the cheap kind from the party supplies store, and a black cape hung from her shoulders. Otherwise, she was naked. Her perky breasts were standing out to greet me, and she had put her weight on one foot so her hip curved outward invitingly. 

At this point, I guess I should explain that naked women in Halloween costumes showing up on my doorstep isn't a common experience for me; in fact, it had never happened before. So I wasn't prepared for it. I was stunned. I'm not sure if my jaw actually dropped, but it may well have. And she didn't give me any time to recuperate. 

She said: "Trick or treat?"

"Trick."

It was an automated response; I had been asked that same question over ten times tonight and always replied the same. But I didn't receive a kid's song now. Instead, she started moving. Her hip tilted outwards even further, and she raised her hands and ran them over her body. When they came to her breasts, she grabbed and squeezed them, while two times two fingers reached for her nipples and pinched them. They stood to attention in a matter of seconds. She pivoted on her feet as her hands travelled down again, and she bent over slightly to display her buttocks. They were round and curvy. Her hands reached there as well, and she stroked both her cheeks. She put her legs a bit further apart and bent over slightly, and her hands drew her buttocks apart. The hint of the view on her pink slit was clearly there. 

I gasped. I quickly glanced around the dark and empty street. No one was around, but the porch wasn't really secluded from the street, just a five-yards front lawn in between, and someone might turn up any minute. But she didn't seem to care about that. She bent forward even further, leaning on the post of the porch, and moved one hand to the front of her body. I watched the fingers reappear right under those butt cheeks, between her legs. They went up and down, they were clearly rubbing something over there. I heard her moaning, and a small glint of fluid appeared between her legs. The rubbing speed increased gradually. By god, she was masturbating right here, on my porch, making sure I watched every minute of it!

Suddenly, she spoke again: "So, mister Gardiner... do you think I earned my treat?"

She took me by surprise there, and her words puzzled me. I stammered: "Sure... it's just... I mean... you don't really want a handful of candy, do you??"

Her husky voice came from under the skull mask: "No sir, I'm more into savory things. I really like meat. You wouldn't happen to have a sausage hanging around, would you...?"

As she said that, she bent forward even more, leaning her hands on the low porch wall. Her torso was almost horizontal now, and she spread her legs even further. The glistening slit down there was displayed without impediments now, and made it perfectly clear where she wanted her treat to go. 

I glanced around again; still there was no one. No lights shone from the windows of any of my neighbors. Well, what the heck? It just took one pull on the girdle to open up my dressing gown, and it just took one step forward to bring my dick to the entrance of her inviting slit. The show had been more than enough to bring it to full attention. I didn't mind about slow starting, I just inserted myself and started pumping her at full power. She gasped when I entered her, then reverted to an enthusiast panting, thrusting her ass back at my bumping loins. 

The treat didn't take long. In less than two minutes, I shot my spunk into her, and the sound of her groans suggested that she came a few seconds before me. I retracted from her, and she immediately stood up straight. Without even bothering to look over her shoulder, she started walking to the street. I suddenly was very worried about neighbors and scandals, and I stepped back into the house and slammed the door shut; but I couldn't resist peeking through the window. When she reached the street, she turned left. About 20 yards along the sidewalk, the garden path to the Williams house began. There was a lampoon on his porch as well. Resolutely, she turned left again, walked up to the door, and rang the doorbell.