 Part Two, Wyrm

"Did you find it," Lucas asked excitedly as Samuel pushed the makeshift door of clear plastic aside and stepped inside the run-down apartment that he and his friends called home.

Lucas's eyes were dilated and his head twitched as he awaited an answer.

"Are you high again," Samuel asked in a low growl. 

Samuel didn't know why he kept this junky around him. Lucas was a bright guy when no drugs were involved but the man had a gift of sniffing out any that he could find and always seemed to find ways of getting his hands on the stuff. 

"Not bad," his drugged out friend answered back, scratching at the side of his arm in the way he did when becoming nervous under Samuel's judgment.

"I found it," Samuel admitted with a sigh of frustration. He took the small unicorn figurine from under his shirt and sat it on the bar that separated the kitchen from the living room. 

Lucas stepped up to the item and looked down at it with wide eyes.

"You actually fucking did it," he screeched. 

"Hush," Samuel whispered to him. "Do you want everyone else in this building to know?"

"Sorry," Lucas said as he shied away from Samuel's glare. "I can't believe you went up there and got it. Did you see the ghost?"

Samuel thought about telling his friend, was that what Lucas was, about the spirit, but quickly dismissed the thought. Lucas would never believe him and he wasn't exactly sure he believed it himself. He shook his head and leaned against the bar as he scanned the rest of his dark apartment.

"Where are the others," Samuel asked, looking back to Lucas.

"They left," Lucas explained. Once he looked at Samuel's questioning stare, he continued. "They decided to move on and try their luck somewhere downtown. It happens, man. People come and go all of the time."

"They just up and left," Samuel asked in shock. "Just when we were about to get rich?"

"They didn't believe my story," Lucas explained, still eyeing the figurine. "They are fools."

"I hope they don't spread the story around too much," Samuel explained as he looked back at the doorway that led from the dark apartment.

Lucas shifted uncomfortably and Samuel looked back at him with narrow eyes.

"What is it," Samuel asked but before Lucas had a chance to explain, the plastic doorway ripped down and a woman stepped inside, followed by two men behind her.

"Well, well," the woman began teasingly. "Looks like my favorite junky wasn't lying after all."

"Lucas," Samuel began in a low growl. "What's going on?"

"We'll be taking the doll," the woman explained with a smile. "Your good buddy there promised it to us and we always get what is promised to us."

The thin woman's stubble showed her to have light brown hair. She kept it shaved, which was common among those who dwelled in the run-down buildings to keep from getting lice. She wore a large coat that covered up any feminine physic that the woman might have. Her baggy brown pants were tucked into her untied black boots. She had a tattoo of what appeared to be a dragon running up the side of her neck which showed Samuel that she was a member of a local gang named simply "Dragons".

"This wasn't Lucas's to give," Samuel protested, squaring up his shoulders to stand face to face with the woman. 

The woman eyed Samuel up and down for a moment and something came across her face. She looked at him excitedly for a moment before shaking it off and turning her visage to a more stern and dangerous look. 

"Boys," She said over her shoulder. "Take our favorite junky and the item and wait for me with both in hands while I deal with this would-be hero."

One of the men acted as though he were about to protest leaving her with Samuel alone, but the woman shot the man a glare so hard that the man closed his mouth with a clicking sound of his teeth smacking together. Without another word, the two men grabbed both the item and Lucas and carried both out of the room.

"The name's Wyrm," the woman said after a long moment of walking circles around Samuel and eyeing him up and down. "At least that's the only name I go by these days."

"That figurine is mine," Samuel protested right before the breath was knocked from him as Wyrm pounded one of her small fists into his stomach, causing him to double over.

"Now that's not the way one greets another," Wyrm said harshly as she bent down to put her face closer to his. "I give you my name and you give me yours."

"Samuel," he grunted as he pushed himself back up straight and looked down into the woman's light blue eyes. She smiled as she placed one of her hands against his cheek.

"Now that wasn't so hard was it," she asked softly, staring into his eyes.

What was going on? Was this woman flirting with him or just messing with him?

"I guess not," Samuel said.

"The figurine is mine," she explained, pulling her hand from his face, stepping back a few feet from him before shrugging her large coat off of her shoulders, allowing it to drop to the floor.

She was wearing a white sleeveless t-shirt which exposed her large breasts. He could see her nipples pushing against her shirt as she ran her hands down her thin waist. She looked behind her for a moment before turning her attention back to him.

"Let's take this conversation somewhere a bit more private," she said as she grabbed him by his hand and pulled him down the small hallway that led to the old master bedroom that he had claimed as his own. 

She stopped once inside to admire the cleanliness of the room. Samuel had made his first mission, when moving into the apartment, to sanitize the place the best he could. He couldn't stand the thought of living in the filth that it had been when he first moved it.

"I can't give you back the figurine," Wrym repeated as she released his hand and turned to look back into his eyes. "I'm not the general of the Dragons and don't have the authority to give what isn't mine to give."

"It isn't the leader's item to give either," Samuel stated firmly. He knew he was asking for another punch to the gut and knew that fighting back would bring the two large men back in to possibly kill him but he had to make his stand as much as he could. That figurine was his way out of this mess. "That item is mine."

"Correction," Wyrm said lowly, giving him a dangerous look. "That item WAS yours. If you wanted it to stay that way then you should have picked better friends."

Samuel couldn't argue with her words. She was right. He should never have trusted someone like Lucas. He should have immediately taken the figurine out of the building and went straight to the art's dealer that he knew to get it appraised. 

"I can't give you the figurine," Wrym repeated, seeing Samuel's acceptance of the situation at hand. "But I can promise you protection."

Samuel stared at the woman in confusion. What protection was she offering?

"Protection from what," he asked.

"Protection only offered to our paying clients of the Dragons," she explained, crossing her arms under her breasts. "Rival gangs, rogue thugs, police and even other Dragons, who might cause trouble."

"And what payment could I possibly make," Samuel asked, raising an eyebrow. "You've stolen the only thing of worth that I have."

"Not the only thing," Wrym explained, biting her lower lip as she looked him up and down once more. "There is something that you have of worth that I want."

Samuel's eyes opened wide. Was she offering the protection of her gang for the price of sex with him? First, the strange spirit and now a prominent member of a powerful local gang.

"Take off your clothes," she demanded as she pulled her shirt over her head to reveal her perky large breasts and finely toned stomach. She wiggled her hips as she pulled her hands down to the floor to show her fully nude body to his eyes. He felt his erection begin to swell within his pants as he eyed the woman's firm body up and down. She stood back up straight and stared angrily at him. "Clothes. Off. Now!"

Before Samuel could think about what he was doing, his clothes were off and lying on the floor as Wrym stepped toward him with a predatory smile splayed across her face.

She pressed her hands against his shoulders and shoved him against the wall as she pressed her lips to his. He could feel her breath from her nose rush down his face as her tongue pressed into his open mouth. Her hand gripped his hard rod as she squeezed him roughly. 

"Are you sure," Samuel managed to ask once she pulled her face from his. She slapped him across the face hard enough for his vision to go black for an instance.

"I'm always sure when I decide to do something," she growled.

Samuel dared not protest any more. Not that he wanted to. This woman was quite beautiful, once her baggy clothing was off and his body was aching for her. 

He pressed his face back to hers once more and she pulled her head back in a quick jerk to look him in the eyes. She gripped his cock hard enough to hurt and pushed her hand against his throat to force his head against the wall as she pressed her lips to his chest and began sliding her tongue up and down his nipples.

The pain of her death-grip on his dick was getting to be too much to bear but when he tried to reach down and remove her hand, she gripped harder and put more pressure against his throat, stopping him from being able to take a breath.

Panic rushed through him as Samuel thought the woman might be wanting to kill him after all. He gripped her head with a hand on each side and pulled her back roughly. She looked into his eyes as a small string of spit stretched from her lower lip to his chest. He spun and slammed her against the same wall he had been pressed against so hard that her breath came out in a huff. 

A smile spread over her face once more.

Samuel's animalistic urges took over as he gripped the woman by her tiny waist and lifted her into the air, with her back against the wall. She cried out as he rammed his entire cock inside of her, smashing her petite body between his body and the wall. She swung a fist up, clipping the side of his head in a mighty punch, but he hardly felt it. 

He released his hold on her hips and gripped both of her wrists tightly, to avoid any more punches from the crazy woman, and began pulling her up and down by her wrists as her tight cunt slid up and down his throbbing cock.

Wyrm leaned forward and bit his chest hard enough to cause a small trickle of blood to run down but Samuel was too in the moment to grimace from the pain. She screamed in pleasure as he could feel her pussy tighten around him just before juices exploded from her, splashing against him and the wall and dripping to the floor.

She had cum but he wasn't done with her yet.

He pulled her up until he felt the cold air of the room rush over his wet cock and dropped her onto her knees below him, while still holding tightly to her wrists. She looked up at him, her crazy alpha female face completely gone for a flash as she awaited his next move.

"Open your mouth," Samuel ordered and to his surprise, she complied.

He pushed his cock between her lips and felt her tongue slide from side to side as he thrust forward. He thrust his hips forward until he felt the back of her throat, stepped back, pulled her wrists back until she was leaning forward and thrust again until she had swallowed his entire cock. She gagged but made no protests so he continued to fuck her throat.

This went on for a long moment. Having just had sex with the spirit in room 318, Samuel had enough stamina for a longer session than he normally would have had. He felt the vibrations of Wyrm's gags and felt the heat of her breaths as he pulled out long enough for her to gasp in air. Finally, he had decided that he was ready to move on to something else entirely.

Samuel pulled the woman's wrists up until she was standing again and facing him. He released his grip on her. She punched him in the chest but he was too in the moment to notice. He grabbed her by the shoulders, spun her and shoved her body against the wall until her stomach and chest were pressed tightly as he pushed against her back with a hand.

With his free hand, Samuel grabbed the woman by her dripping pussy, hooked his fingers inside of her and pulled her hips back. She cried in pleasure to his penetrating fingers but he had better things in mind. 

In one rushed, rough, and fluid motion, Samuel plunged his cock deep inside of the gang member's wet pussy and began hammering in and out of her. Sounds of wet flesh smacking wet flesh bounced off of the walls of the bedroom. She screamed in a mixture of pleasure and exhaustion as he picked up his pace. The sweat on the palms of her hands was causing her hands to slide down the wall as he caused her body to jump forward with every pump.

"I'm cumming again," Wyrm screamed in a raspy voice just before all the strength left in her fled from her body, causing her to fall to the floor with a loud thud.

Samuel looked down at the exhausted and sweaty woman as more juices squirted from her cunt as she twitched on the floor of his room. He dropped down to his knees and spun the woman's body over onto her back, lifted her hips up by the legs and dived his cock back inside of her again. She opened her mouth in a silent scream as she worked up his momentum back to its original pace. She had taken the only thing that he had that was going to help him out of his homeless situation and this, as feeble as it was, was his way of getting something back in return. 

Wyrm looked down her body at him. Beads of sweat ran down her entire body and face as her large breasts bounced back and forth to the motion of his thrusts. 

He wasn't sure if it was the sight of the, once tough, woman looking so tired from his advances. He wasn't sure if it were the pleasure of knowing that he had made this woman, not only cum but squirt twice in complete climaxes. He wasn't sure if it were the otherwise hopelessness of his situation. Whatever the reason, Samuel could feel an orgasm approaching unlike any he had ever felt before. His heart pounded, his rod thickened, his balls tightened, his vision blurred.

He came.

Throwing his head back in a silent howl, Samuel felt burst after burst of his cum explode from his rod and dive deep within Wyrm's womb. The woman's body jerked back and forth as a raspy long moan drew from her lips. He could feel her exhaustion. He could feel her ecstasy. He could feel her in more ways than he thought would ever be possible. 

He fell back onto his ass, his deflating cock pulling from the woman's ruined cunt. He sat in silence for a long moment, while watching the woman slumped against the wall in a position that looked quite uncomfortable. 

"You have the protection from the Dragons," Wyrm stated after a long moment of complete silence. "You've earned it for sure."

"Thanks," Samuel said. He wasn't sure if it was sarcasm or sincere. He was too tired to think about it.

"Call on me anytime Samuel," the woman said as she pulled her baggy clothing back on. She turned to look at him before leaving his room and said, "I'll do the best I can to get things done for you."

With those final words still ringing in Samuel's ears, the woman left him alone in his abandoned apartment.

The figurine, Lucas, the spirit, and Wyrm ran through his brain as he tried to make sense of any of it. He wanted to get that figurine back but had no idea how he was going to do something like that. It would soon be in the hands of the leader of the gang and Samuel was only one man. He wasn't a one-man army. Lucas had betrayed him but was the junky really to blame? What was Samuel suppose to expect from him after all? What had made the gang member want to have sex with him and what had come over him during the act? Should he go back to the spirit?

Shaking his head, Samuel stood up to his feet and sat down on the edge of the bed, placing his head in his hands.

What was going on?