 I saw her the first time in the snow.

She was walking down the main street, grey coat and black wide brimmed hat, boots covered with the slush of the sidewalk. Tiny in that great grey coat, but moving like a shadow under the streetlights, dancing to her own music. Making patterns of steps as intricate as weaving, she passed out of my sight.

Months later again, I walked the night streets aimlessly, crying over the breakup with my boyfriend until I reached the place where the junkies and the hookers hang out and began to turn back. Then I saw her, moving again. Black coat sweeping the air behind her, black plumed hat. Metal tipped pointed boots.

They made way for her like the rabble before a queen. It is the walk that tells me who she is, swift dancing. A man detached himself from the crowd of youths and put himself in her path. She stopped. I wanted to run to her, to protect her, but she danced around him. He stared sightless at the place she had been and by the time he recovered she was gone. I didn't see where she went either.

I saw her again last week.

She was in black again, the long graceful plume on her hat dangling this way and that drew my eye, and stopped. She was facing a huge man at least three times her size. They spoke, his arms gesticulated and pointed and they began to walk down the street. Lights flashing around me cars coming thru. When they had passed, I hurried to catch up. I saw his great over coated figure follow her into an alley. I cursed, tears in my eyes, trying to gear up the strength to go rescue her. but a few moments longer and she came out alone. She shook herself like a wet cat and stopped stone still when saw me standing there.

Our eyes met, a black flash and then she turned away to the other end of the street and vanished. Should I stroll to that alley and open that gate, I wondered? My feet crept forward to the door. The ground was dark and wet under my boots. I took my flashlight out. The wet was red. My light followed the trail to where he sat limp in the great stain, his shirt and pants open to reveal...wetness, yellow and purple and much red. I fled.

I want to see her again.

I wandered the city today under the over cast sky. The market, the stores, the parks. It's cold now, bone chilling cold. The snow is deep and another storm is coming in. Dusk comes down on the night streets with the shimmering flakes, light pollution like the glittering false gold of the human dream. She must know that I had seen her. From downtown to the porno district to the coffeehouses I went, searching and so afraid to find.

She was sitting on the kiosk over the train station as I came out, feet swinging over the edge as if waiting for me. Snow lingering like lace over the shoulders of the swinging black leather coat. Black mirrored glasses reflected twin crowds back at themselves. And in the center, my own round pale face.

She leapt down and danced away. I don't have her skill and I feared losing her, almost panicked. She turned down a residential street, where there were no pedestrians passing great Victorian houses with fanlights and bay windows. I followed, I had no choice any more. Her shadow danced on the brick walkways leading me like a leash and I followed.

I heard the jingling of keys.

A small iron gate in a brick wall was ajar, the yard behind it wafted lavender and rose even in the snow. I saw her silhouetted in the light of the doorway for a moment, the she moves aside. Inviting? The shaft of gold light told me the door was left ajar. I followed her inside. Shutting the door behind me. The hallway was warm and dark and smelled of sandalwood, the furniture was old an heavy. Her wide brimmed hat and coat hung on the rack, ice sliding to the floor. I left my own coat there. My boots I unlaced and left on the floor underneath 

I saw her in the parlor, she wore black jeans and a simple sweater, pouring a green liquor from a decanter on the sideboard into a goblet. A golden spoon balanced on the top. I made my way across the soft carpeted floor, feeling like a kitten in a lion's den. She was waiting, not speaking. I knelt at her feet, her tiny boots steel toed and filigreed to the laces, and looked up to catch sight of myself in her twin mirrored eyes.

"Why?" Her voice was no louder than the thought.

"I want you - I love you-" I stutter.

"Love me? You don't even know me." She sipped from her goblet. Her low voice like bottomless velvet.

"I want to know you." I whispered.

"You want, you want." she mocked looking at the window. "And what if, I, want?".

"I - I'll give it to you."

"Anything?"

"Yes."

"Your heart, your soul, your blood?" she turned away, sipping.

In my mind I saw the man in the alley, organs, intestines and blood spread out on the ground. My belly cringed but it was a hunger. My spine ran with ice.

"Yes."

She reached over and pulled a cigarette from her box, lighting it . Then lay back across her couch. The air was filled with the smell of cloves. Her right leg hung over the arm of the chair, swinging idly into space

"Do you care what I do to you?" she asked, almost ritually.

"No." I whispered.

Her right foot settled on my thigh, the sharp point of her boot pressing into the fly of my jeans. 

"Open." she said.

I spread my knees as wide as I could. She passed the steel tip fillagree up one thigh and down the other, pausing only to flick at my crotch. I was burning, but I didn't dare move. She leaned forward and put her cigarette to my mouth and I drew in the sweet acid taste of cloves into my lungs. 

Her hand descended to the neck of my shirt. Impossibly sharp nails severed the cloth to the waist, leaving my breasts covered only by my lace bra. She stroked the curve, pinching my nipples through the fabric. "Very nice." she murmured, removing her hand. I started to stand, but her boot on my shoulder pushed me down as she leaned back.

"You'll have to work your way up." I understood. I kissed the leather of her boot, licking it from toe to ankle to calf. She moved slightly, placing the steel tip between my breasts. I followed the inseam of her tight denim pants to her crotch, and her toe slid down to find own wet seam. 

I squirmed, the pressure was having a effect, I found myself rubbing against her shoe.

"Little bitch," she laughed, pulling my head back by my snow damp hair. "Poor lost little puppy, aren't you?" I couldn't answer, just rubbed myself more onto her boot clad foot, wanting to get my face back into that warm space between her legs . "Following me home." she said, pushing me to the floor.

"Stay," she commanded, and I did. She left the room. I heard her shuffling through drawers. When she returned, a long length of chain with a large ring hung from her hand. She petted my hair, drawing it back to scratch my ears. "Let's give you a chance to prove how much you want to stay with me. Do you?"

"Yes," I gasped. She unsnapped and removed my bra, grasping my breast in her black nailed hand and twisting my nipple harshly, making me cry out.

"For how long?"

"Forever!" I cried out again, as she continued to twist me

"Forever is a such long time," she said, a strange note in her voice. "I should know." She let the heavy chain slide sensuously through her fingers. Drawing one end through the ring, she slipped it over my head and pulled it almost taut, an effective choke chain. "Heel," she spoke sharply.

I crawled beside her, the chain cold against my neck, and she led me back to the entry hall and up the carpeted stairs.

On the second floor we entered a dark bedroom. The great brass four-poster bed seemed nearly the size of a small room to me. Its lush hangings black lace, tied back with red cords, the spread was black velvet covered in gold and red roses. and I could see myself, leashed, bare chested my breast swinging in the full length mirrored vanity opposite it.

"Stay." She put her foot on my back and pushed. "Down. Good girl." I lay on the rug at the foot of the bed, my breasts rubbing the carpet. It was rough on my nipples, but I would eagerly have endured far worse. I didn't care what happened to me at that point. She strode to her vanity and sat down beside me.

"Come," she snapped her fingers. I crawled to her and sat back on my heels. She kicked my legs apart again. "Bad posture, dear. We'll have to correct that." She let the chain drop between my breasts. It was cold, and in spite of myself, I flinched. 

She turned away from me, selecting small, glittering objects from the vanity. When she had closed the last drawer, she turned back, Her hands passed over my skin, my breast, pinching me. Her nails dug into the flesh of my breasts and scratched my belly. One slid under my jeans, but she stopped when it reached my crotch. I moaned and moved my hips desperately to get her to rub me.

"I thought so," she said in an amused tone. I was dizzy from the sound of her voice. I thrust against her hand only to have her pull back. Then there was sudden pain in my nipple. I sat stupefied, shivering, looking at the chain hanging from the clip.

"You're going to have to be trained, aren't you?" She stood up, pulling my nipple chain with her. I cried out with the pain. 

"Up." She pulled me across the narrow antique bench she had been seated on, arranging my breasts to hang to either side, and then bound my hands and feet to it with soft scarves. Her hands now slid over my buttocks and thighs, teasing through the denim until once again I began to thrust my ass upwards to her.

She pulled the choke chain taut, almost gagging me, and tongued my ear. "Look in the mirror, dear." she whispered.

I looked up to see myself fully visible in the three panes of glass. Bound and helpless. My breast were pressed out under my arms. She was kneeling beside me, and took my nipple chain in her hand and passed it under the bench where she held my other nipple tight, then she closed the clamp there binding me in pain to the bench. Her hand left my body, passed over my shoulder, gently ruffling my hair. Her mouth opened and I knew what she was. 

Her teeth were uneven like an animals. Not flat but pointed, at the sides long curving white daggers. I shook, I knew. Why I followed her, why I couldn't stop myself. She wasn't a human, she was an unholy nightmare and I had given myself to her. My eyes teared up, I tried to curl up but I was tightly bound down by my clamped and painful breast.

She turned the choke chain around her palm, tightening it around my neck, choking me, pulling my head upward. my belly twisted inside as I whimpered shaking,

"Poor scared little pet."she kissed me and the shudder loosed me, I was going to die. Her teeth settled just under the chain, I felt them stab into me. The shock and fear of her bite ran thru me like electricity shock and I felt the flood of urine flowing out of me into the crotch of my jeans, wetting myself, down my legs. I was coming, the fear and expectation of my death had given me a twisted orgasm. 

She giggled, "Ah now you understand,"she whispered, licking the holes in my neck I continued to twitch and shake. "But, I think you liked that." she continue to pet me with her free hand. 

In the mirror I saw her hand moved down my back holding something small and shiny. My heart pounded when I recognized it. She moved to my feet behind me and began to slice my pee soaked jeans off with the tiny delicate blade. The worn denim fell away in ribbons and she placed her hand between my legs. The touch made me moan.

"I was right." Her hands circling down into the crack of my ass where again she caressed my wet lips, my attempts to scream choked to whimpers. I stretched my legs wider to give her access and turned my head to the mirror. 

I watched as she examine my rear. Her fingers entered my empty pussy, and I found myself arching upward into her hand. Then one finger went into my virgin rectum. I cried out as she worked her fingers in my exposed holes. Against my clit I felt her flick and it started again, I felt it growing in me, the pleasure the agony of her invading me, that horrible electric volt. 

This time screamed I spread against the bindings, no orgasm had felt this way. 

My body was covered with goose bumps from her touch. She slid a finger between my outer lips, rubbing, and then withdrew her hand and put it in front of my face. "Do you like the smell?" she whispered. "Do you like the taste?" She subbed it across my lips and I licked my own come juice off her fingers obediently. She pressed my mouth open with her fingers and then bent to kiss me. I tasted sweet wine, bitter cloves, and a coppery, salty taste I couldn't identify in my haze.

"I think I want you, now." Her voice was husky with anticipation as she unbuttoned her jeans and slid out of them. She lifted my head by my hair and then sat on end of the bench under me letting my chin drop in her lap. I buried my face between her legs, licking and nipping at her thighs until I reached her lips.

She tasted like honey and salt, thick and sweet. I had never done this before, but in the nights I had secretly dreamed of it with her, I had wanted this badly. Now I found her secret places with my tongue, searched them out, nibbled on them. My face was covered with her juices as she thrust against me, moaning. I forced my tongue deep into her and her nails dug into my scalp. I wanted to hold her, but could only struggle against the bonds holding me to the bench.. 

She shivered and then began to howl, a keening, eerie sound, and bent her body backwards. I couldn't stop, she was flooding my face with her hot liquid, Between her legs clamped so tightly on my head and her scream, I thought my skull would split.

She relaxed finally and slid off the bench to the floor. Now I saw her fully naked in front of me. her full round breast had huge dark nipples shook with her breathing. She had a curved out belly that ended at her dark haired and wet pussy that I had been licking at so hard.

The sunglasses were gone and I saw the reason for their use. Her eyes had no whites. Red slit iris, black pupil...when she stretched and gasped I could see her small cruelly pointed teeth again.

"Ah, yes, you know." She looked straight at me. "But I do not smell fear on you." Again she pulled on my long blonde hair. "It seems the thought of it excites you." She began to caress my breasts where they hung binding me down and I felt myself responding. My spread hips started to squirm with lust from her touch.

"I could keep you here." She ran her fingernails down my thigh and I cried out. "Or I could leave you in the river when I'm done." The chain tightened on my neck. "You choose." She whispered, she dropped the chain and left me there. I turned as far as I could to look at her.

"I want to stay with you forever." I wanted my voice to come out strongly, but it trembled in spite of itself. I was afraid now, part of me wanted to scream or fight, but most of me wanted her taste in my mouth again.

She approached me again from behind, and lay down on top of me. Her breast pressed against my back, her belly on my spine. She licked my neck. "You want to stay." She cupped my breasts, playing cruelly with the clamps. "I wonder how many women outside you've knelt to?"

"None," I managed.

"None what?" Her nails closed on my nipples and yanked off the clips. 

"None!" I screamed as the blood rushed back to my sore nipples. "You're the first!"

"The first?" She untied my arms as she lay on me, holding me down. "As if I could believe it."

They were so sore that they throbbed, but my pussy throbbed with them. She felt the motion of my hips beneath her and rubbed my clit again, almost soothingly. "Do you like this, my little lost puppy?" she asked. "Yes, mistress," I whispered.

"Tell me." her fingers slid back into my wetness, I held on to the benches legs, tightly. she rose from my bruised body and vanished behind me.

I took a breath. "I love having your fingers inside me, Mistress. I love when you touch me all over. I want you to do everything to me. Everything, outside," my voice caught, "and inside."

The more I tried to talk, the harder it became until I lay limply in the silence, waiting.

There was the snap of rubber, and then something was tickling my ass. My buttocks were force apart and I couldn't stop wriggling. Cold wetness slathered itself into my crack, a welcome cooling, and then she was back straddling the curve of my lower back, facing my reddened ass. 

"Tell me what you want, girl," she whispered. I could feel a hard object touching the open lips of my pussy, and then another was pressing against my ass. I tried to thrust my ass upwards but her hands pushing me on my back, held me down. The pressure was light, teasing, but so strong. 

"Tell me what you choose," she said again

"Fuck me, Mistress! Please! Fuck me hard! Fuck me!" I was screaming as I was entered, pussy and ass at once. Her first invasion of me had been gentle and kind compared to now.

Still fucking me with the twin phalluses as I felt her weight settle on me again, one hand moving my hair aside. As the wave of my coming crashed down, I felt her fangs enter my throat. I wanted it, I wanted her.

"Kill me," I moaned. "Kill me now!" I came, the pain and pleasure shooting from my head to my spine. I was screaming. I was dying. There was white fire, the pain ripping orgasm from my filled pussy and then there was blackness.

When I awoke again, it was in the twilight, I was at her side where I belonged. Forever.