 "So, what's the story of this place?"

Jake looks back over his shoulder at me, his flashlight faintly illuminating the hallway ahead of us.

"Basic haunting." He says, looking a little bored, "House fire. People died. Kids tried to fuck around and summon Satan." He rolls his eyes.

I snort,

"Well, let's hope we get something interesting tonight." I ran a hand through my short, black hair, "I hate boring investigations. I don't know how all the shows manage to get so much footage."

"Probably fake."

We continue walking down the hallway of the two-story house, popping into the abandoned rooms with boarded up windows. Eventually, we sit down and begin an EVP session, the dust coating our pants.

We begin with the typical 'anyone here?'. No answer. Again, we do the typical 'show us you're here'. And that's when things got a little weird. I shift uncomfortably, sitting cross-legged, feeling something pressing lightly at the crotch of my pants.

"Feel anything?" Jake asks, noticing my discomfort.

"Nah," I respond, dismissing the sensation, "Let's try the spirit speaker". Jake agrees and pulls out the speaker, turning it on, and shattering the silence with static white noise.

"Is there anyone here who wants to communicate?" I ask, and then jump as I feel the small object pressed harder into my crotch. Jake gives me a weird look, but I wave it away. I shift a little more, but the pressure stays constant and doesn't move at all.

Weird. I think. It felt small, like a hard pea. Or the tip of a finger. The mere though sent a jolt through me.

"Can you give us a sign?" Jake asks, and suddenly, through the hissing of the speaker we hear a soft 'yes'. Both of us gasp, but for different reasons. The pressure had begun to move, sliding slowly, so slowly dragging up from middle of my crotch to my clit. The pressure never wavers, and despite myself, I feel a warm wave of arousal.

"Did you hear that??" Jakes asks, eyes wide. I nod quickly. He turns back to the spirit speaker, and asks another question, which I paid no attention to. I felt the pressure slide over my clit and then slowly push back down, over my labia and down to my entrance. And then back up. It was agonizingly slow, never changing.

"You have our permission to show us a sign." Jake says, and I try not to shriek as I no longer feel the pressure through my jeans, but a chilled fingertip sliding over my pussy. It keeps sliding up and down, pressing down on my labia, dragging against them, and then sending a sharp jolt as it touches my clit. I'm getting so wet.

"Ask something, Anna!" Jake says, grabbing my arm in excitement. The finger doesn't change it's pace or pressure despite his action,

"W-who are you?" I ask trying to get the words to sound normal. I try to concentrate on my breathing, and then the speaker whispers,

"Friend." Immediately, the finger begins to move faster. I wait for it to speed up, but it stays at this new pace, roughly pressing and dragging. It feels so good, I have to bite my lip from moaning.

"How do we know you're good?" Jake asks. As an answer, I felt the length of the finger, slide between my lower lips, and adds this to its unwavering rubbing.

"Comfort you." The spirit speaker hisses. Jake looks at me with raised eyebrows, and I try to shrug, and then it says. "Bedroom."

"Should we go to the bedroom?" Jakes asks. After a few moments, there's still no answer, and to my horror, he turns to me and says, "I guess we should go there?" Without waiting, he scoops up the speaker and gets to his feet. I struggle, trying to keep my legs from shaking as I rise. The rubbing never wavers, keeping the exact same pace. I'm sure I'm soaking through my jeans by now. I walk behind Jake, trying not to flinch when the finger drags through my labia and over my clit. We need to get to the other side of the house, and the finger never changes its rhythm as we walk. I'm starting to get desperate. I want it in me. Every time it comes close to my entrance, I'm almost reduced to begging.

And then, as we get to the bedroom door, the finger slides back down my pussy and without any warning, slams into my cunt and immediately curls to hit my sweet spot. I shriek and fall to my knees. Jake turns back to look down at me, but I don't hear what he says, as another finger is added and they pump ruthlessly in and out of me. I felt it building, the fingers going faster and faster, my orgasm approaching. The pumping is rough and hard, pulling almost all the way out and the slamming back in, but so quickly that I can't think. I fell my climax building, and then to my shock, my clit is suddenly pinched and with a yell, I cum hard, right then and there.

I roll to my side as my orgasm ebbs, the fingers gently and slowly pumping as I rode the tail ends of it. Then they withdraw and I fell a gentle caress on my thigh, and the speaker hisses,

"See?"