 Marcus lay in the forest, staring up at the blushing dusk sky. He lay bare on the leaf litter beneath a great oak watching the dusk sky grow dark under the leafy shelter the great trees provided his naked form. He appreciated these last few peaceful moments in the woods before the wolf took over his body. Marcus had run deep into the woods as he did every moon-bright night before the change, he wanted to be far away from the village where his human form slept, he had no desire to hurt his people, most especially Claire.

She was, in a word, stunning. Her eyes shone bright as the stars and her hair fell down her back in soft waves that reminded him of leaves dancing on the soft forest floor as the wind whistled through the trees. She was a small girl, just of age, and her petite stature only caused Marcus to want to protect her more. Her big doe eyes and the tender skin of her breasts so well developed barely peeking out from the soft white blouses she wore always made Marcus moan inside.

Right now, at the thought of Claire, Marcus's wolf howled. Startling himself at the sound, Marcus chided himself for losing control in his human form, he did his best to fit in to human communities. He passed himself off as a traveler mostly, wandering from village to village. At the sight of Claire, he knew he would remain in this village far longer than was safe for his kind. He had found work as a village huntsman, and though he worked alone, he was able to bring in twice the number of game as the rest of the village hunters combined. Marcus thanked his wolf silently for the advantages it gave his human form.

Marcus shook the sentimental thoughts from his head as he noticed the stars begin to appear in the darkening sky, the wind shrieked through the trees and Marcus could feel the change start to come...

-------------

Claire wandered through the woods at a leisurely pace as the sun traveled behind the treeline. She gently swung the basket she used to collect the mushrooms that she and her pig, Fredrick the Great, collected tonight. Catching a tune from the wind in the trees, Claire whistled along, keeping an eye on Fred as they traveled from tree to tree. He was trained to squeal when he found food, but the smart pig knew when to keep quiet and keep the best treats for himself. So Claire watched him with a wary eye.

She knew she should be heading back, but Fred had led them in a direction far from the village, and Claire debated spending the night in the woods. She looked at the soft, earthy leaves of the forest floor, calling her to lay down, she was suddenly sleeping and couldn't help but to rest in the soft undergrowth. As she lay down her head, she thought of Marcus.

Marcus, she sighed, liking the way his name rolled off her tongue. The moment he walked into town, she could not help but adore him. He was attractive, that was for certain, a big man, built like an ox, and with a charming smile that made Claire's stomach flip. But, there was something more than attractiveness that drew Claire to Marcus, something more than the raw strength he exuded or the feral look in his eye when he brought home his kill, Claire knew there was something drawing her to him, but she didn't know what it was. Even worse, she didn't know if he felt the same way about her. 

Claire noticed that in her ponderings on her attraction to Marcus, her hand had slipped under her skirts and was now stroking her slit with her fingers, her hips bucking up to meet her reach as she teased her own pussy. Claire nestled back against the tree and loosened the ties on her shirt, letting her other hand wander over her tight nipples and soft mounds of her breasts. Claire let out a soft moan as her fingers brushed past her clit, and she imagined that it was Marcus's touch and not her own. She quickly pressed two fingers against her wet lips and felt them slide deep into her hot, wet, cunt. She whimpered against her own fingers, drawing figure eights on the inside wall of her pussy, she moaned again, a kittenish sound, barely escaping her lips as her breathing became stuttered and she began to fuck her cunt with fingers.

Claire lay there moaning, desperately trying to climb over the peak of her arousal, and reach blissful Nirvana, feverishly thrusting her fingers as she stroked her clit with her thumb. Claire opened her eyes wide, screaming her pleasure as her fingers worked inside her, forcing her to cum, hot juice running down her legs and into the undergrowth. As her pussy convulsed around her fingers, her body bucking against the tree, she caught a glimpse of bright yellow eyes staring at her from the trees.

"The wolves!" Claire gasped as she gathered her senses, her fingers slipping from her pussy to quickly retie her blouse. The wolves were rampant this year, already two people from the village had been killed, how had she forgotten so easily how dangerous the woods are at night? Fred ran, squealing up to the tree where Claire trembled. Claire searched her brain for options but she knew she was trapped, the wolf pack was big and the branches to the trees in the great forest were high and unreachable. Claire sat quietly, trying to face her coming death with dignity, for whatever that was worth.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Marcus's wolf ran through the forest, it had heard a pig squeal and hoped it could get to it before the wolves did. The wolf was hungry, and ready for the chase and thrill of eating uncooked meat. But Marcus, in the back of the wolf's mind wondered, had that been a girl's scream earlier? Marcus hoped that is wasn't, he didn't have enough control over his wolf form during full moons to ensure any human's safety from sharp fangs. 

The wolf bounded through the forest, slowing only when he reached the section of the woods he knew the squeal had come from, carful to keep downwind. The ears on his wolf head flicked back and forth, as his nose reached up to scent the air. The wolf wanted a fair assessment of the situation before wandering into possibly dangerous territory.

As he suspected, the wolf pack was already there, their fresh piss marking the trees around him, not a huge problem for Marcus's wolf though, the beast's great size and awkward form alone, would scare the wolf pack away. He wondered how hard the pack would fight over a single boar, the wood's wildlife being depleted as it was by the humans. He decided not hard enough to keep him from the kill and he scented the air again to figure out his best route into entering the clearing the wolves had surrounded the pig in. 

Marcus reeled as he smelled that all too familiar scent on the wind. It --had- been a girl's scream he had heard in the forest before, worse yet, it had been Claire's. Marcus quickly decided reasoning with his wolf would be his best bet to spare Claire, but to his surprise, the wolf was already growling, it no longer wished to scare the wolf pack, it desired to destroy them!

Marcus didn't take the time to examine his wolf's feelings on this issue, he just sank into his wolf's desire to run, run and save Claire, beautiful Claire. As he bound into the clearing, his claws tearing at the earth beneath them, he leapt in front of Claire- who shrieked at his approach. He crouched in front of her, the fur of his coat standing up and his teeth bared, a low guttural growl rumbled through the clearing and out into the forest where the yellow eyes reluctantly sank back into the trees. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Claire held onto the tree, still trembling. She looked at the creature before her, black fur all over, with the head of a wolf yet with the bone structure of a man. She was more scared of being devoured by this creature than by being eaten by the wolf pack. Knowing that a death by this monstrous creature's claws would hold no dignity, Claire was determined to not make her death an easy one for the nightmare before her, still crouched and growling at the woods.

Eventually, the beast relaxed, and turned around to face Claire. "I'll have you know that I will fight you to the death, great beast!" Claire trembled uncontrollably, but her words came out sharp, and cut through the chilled forest air. The beast looked at her with, was it guilt? in his yellow glowing eyes, never breaking Claire's gaze. Just as Claire was about to drop her eyes to the beast, he raised himself up to his full height. Claire gasped, he must have been at least 7 feet tall! Then, the beast did something she did not expect, he tucked an arm behind his back and bowed to her, his eyes shining back as he lifted his gaze to her. 

Claire couldn't help it, she laughed as she held out her hand to the beast. He grabbed it eagerly, bringing it to his mouth and giving it a great long lick that only a dog's tongue can give. Relieved the great beast meant her no harm for the moment, Claire let go of the tree, reaching out to the beast with her other hand, which the beast also took into his paw. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Marcus subdued his wolf as she reached for him, wanting so badly not to hurt her. He held the tiny white hands in his paws, and found his wolf dancing circles in the back of his mind, Marcus realized -- he had found his mate. Marcus couldn't help it, he howled his joy to the moon. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Claire stepped back, startled. Fearing the cry that escaped this wolf-man's throat, her hands slipped from his paws and she returned to her clutch on the tree behind her. At her retreat, the wolf ceased it's howl, crouching back to all fours and lowering its head, looking back with guilty yellow eyes. Claire laughed, noticing it meant no harm, she felt overwhelmingly safe in this animal's presence. She didn't know why, but she couldn't break its gaze as the beast raised its nose to scent the air.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Marcus couldn't believe it, he scented the air again. Yes! The scent was still there! Claire, this innocent pet cowering before him smelled like... arousal... could it be? Did she want him as he wanted her? Marcus couldn't control his wolf as it surged forward, burying its nose in her crotch, taking great whiffs and licking at her pussy through her skirts with his great dog tongue. At first, the soft creature was stiff before him, but as his licks became firmer through her skirts, she began to relax against him. Marcus nuzzled his way underneath the skirts, finding her bare underneath, he let his wolf take over as he lapped at her moistening slit, using his nose to rub against her clit. Claire moaned beneath him, this encouragement all he needed to begin snaking his tongue into her tight slit.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Claire bucked her hips against the wolf's tongue, moaning deliriously as it fucked her cunt ruthlessly. She weaved her fingers through the scruff on the back of its neck, pulling the wolf closer. It apparently took her cue because she felt the relentless tongue push deeper into her. As wrong as she knew this was, she couldn't help it, Claire screamed, her hips rocking into the dogs face as her pussy gripped its tongue and convulsed around it. The wolf in front of her pulled his tongue from her and she whimpered as she rolled on her side, ready to sleep, her body so tired from coming so hard.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Marcus couldn't help it, her screams of pleasure and the scent and taste of her pussy on his tongue had brought his wolf out to its fullest, it wanted its mate, and it wanted her NOW. The wolf ripped her clothes from her, growling as he shredded them from her body. Her soft curves only escalated his excitement and he panted in anticipation. He grabbed her hips, and her eyes fluttered awake, she couldn't sleep now, he had needs. He felt his penis come out from the sheath that normally hid it from the cold. He watched as Claire stared at the red cock hanging from him and she began to shake her head no...

The wolf ignored her protests as she began to push him away, he wanted his mate. He gripped onto her hips as she tried to crawl away, digging his nails into her flesh. He brought his cock against her slit, slowly pressing it in to bury his cock in her warm wetness. Claire screamed, and lurched forward, trying to get him out of her tender pussy. 

Marcus, using all his will, pulled the wolf back, he realized she was a virgin, he had felt her resistance on his sensitive cock, he knew to make this enjoyable, he had to start out slow. He held her in place with his claws, and pushed in further, he licked at her neck as he felt her resistance and punctured through. Claire screamed again and whimpered, as Marcus held himself there, licking and nipping her neck soothingly. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Claire felt her pussy loosen her resistance to the huge cock inside of her. She stifled her tears, and reveled in the sensation. She had never felt so deliciously full before. She wiggled her hips against his cock and moaned as the cock rubbed against all of her sensitive parts. The wolf took this as a go-ahead and he began to gently thrust into her, deeper each time as he continued to lick and nip her neck. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

As Claire began to relax under him, Marcus let his wolf take over again. The wolf thrust into her ruthlessly, it tore at her hips with its claws to further impale her on his dick. Hearing her pant and moan under him, Marcus reached out with a paw, holding one firm breast in his hand, then the other. Marcus realized it has been a long time since he felt this good as he returned his claws to her hip, watching her breasts swing under his little pet.

The wolf groaned as it felt the know at the base of its cock begin to grow, he managed just a couple more long thrusts into Claire's juicy cunt before his knot slipped in and locked them together. As soon as he was locked, the wolf changed his thrusting from long and deep to short and fast, drumming into her soft wonderfully moist pussy. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Claire felt his thrusts change, the fire burning in her stomach was about to explode, her muscles tensed as her eyes rolled back into her head and she screamed, "Marcus! Ohhhhhh...." Into the cold night air, collapsing underneath him as her muscles unlocked and she was released from her orgasm.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

The wolf came at the sound of his mate's cry, howling to the moon as his seed filled her womb, he felt her tummy distend from the amount of cum that burst from his cock. Still tied to her from the knot at the base of his cock, he lay next to his mate, quickly falling asleep next to her.

...

Marcus woke in the night SHE SAID MY NAME!! His head searched back to the moment where she had exclaimed her pleasure to the sky. She had, she had said his name! Marcus began to feel sick, how did she know? He knew he had to leave, she couldn't expose him to the village, they would burn him at the stake, he had to leave, now!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Claire woke as the wolf stirred next to her, she turned around, finally letting his cock slip from her and she felt his seed release down her legs. Claire grabbed onto her wolf, and in her half-awake state murmured, "don't go. Please, don't go!" Her head began to clear and she wrapped her fingers around the hair on his chest, holding him tight to her. "I... I know that you are Marcus, I still don't want you to go. I don't know what it is, I just know that I have to be with you, I NEED to be with you, so please, please don't go."As Claire begged for Marcus to stay, the sky began to darken as the moon faded beyond the tree line, the sky began to soften as the sun rose in the sky. Claire stared at her hands, the fur that she was clutching thinned and grew into hair and she found that she was holding onto the naked form of Marcus. She looked up to his face, happily smiling at the face she had lusted after for so long.