 We met at university, I was a couple of years older than her, she was nineteen, I was twenty-one.

We had fairly quickly gravitated towards each other, we came from not dissimilar backgrounds, blue blood and old money. I come from the South of England, the second son of wealthy titled parents, Henrietta comes from the North West, the only daughter of wealthy land owners, race horse owners and breeders.

We did have our differences however. I had been brought up to obey the rules, to stick to the social norms and show respect for the social niceties of my position. Henrietta, or Henry, or even Hen when she took the fancy was, compared to me, a wild card. She was in her own words a "Goth." Many of our university compatriots could not see past the make-up and clothing, yes she wore black (and red if you knew where to look, and she let you), and her make-up was a bit extreme at times, but behind all that was an incredibly intelligent and beautiful person.

There was another significant difference. I was a very inexperienced, totally heterosexual man. I wasn't a virgin, but I had very little experience with the fairer sex. Henrietta on the other hand was experienced, and she freely admitted to having had sex with several other girls as well as men. Hen is a free spirit, she made it clear from the first, that sex was a thing she enjoyed, and that I shouldn't expect exclusivity. I didn't know how seriously to take her on that issue, she certainly didn't appear particularly 'flirty' when we were out at clubs etc.

I admit that Hen did surprise me when we had our first holiday together on the island of Ibiza, a place I'd never been to before, seeing her dance all night and kissing all and sundry at Cafe Mambo was a revelation! And then, in complete contrast there was her insistence on attending Gothic weekends around the country, but especially in a small fishing town in Yorkshire. Of course I went with her, but my idea on those weekends was to book a nice hotel and then go and join in the festivities; Hen's idea was to take a festival tent and sleep in a field. We slept in a field!

At the ages of twenty-three and twenty-five respectively we married. Both families were happy with the match and they were surprisingly all happy at our (Hen's) choice of a disused and then converted ancient church as our home.

I took a bit longer to come to terms with it. There were tombs under the cellar (crypt) and our garden was full of graves, albeit with the headstones removed and forming a boundary wall at the very bottom of the garden. Still I found it sort of spooky at times, even at midday I did sometimes get a cold shiver up my spine when alone.

It was Goth weekend at Whitby. Exactly why it was still called 'Goth' weekend was beyond me, as there seemed to be as many 'aliens' and robots walking around the town as Goths. However, after darkness fell the atmosphere definitely changed to a more gothic theme. Witches, vampires, ghouls, and assorted other beings that presumably went 'bump' in the night filled the town, the beach and the churchyard on the top of the cliff.

We had been in a couple of the pubs, and were making our way back towards the field in which we were camping when we came across two of the most beautiful girls I'd ever seen. They were walking in the same direction as us, just a little behind us and when they caught us up we chatted as we went. It was only after walking for several hundred yards that we realised that they were not after all both girls, they were in fact a girl and a man, a very beautiful man. Even as a very 'straight' man, I could appreciate just how good looking a man 'Cactus' as he called himself was. As Cactus and I walked and chatted, Hen and 'Flower' fell a little behind. When I stopped and looked back there was my wife, in the middle of a country lane, deeply kissing another woman. She and Flower were almost devouring each other, without a care in the world.

"Does it bother you?" Cactus almost whispered.

I shook my head, as though coming out of a daze. "No."

And, surprisingly it didn't. My wife was making out with probably the most beautiful girl I had ever seen, and to be honest if anything I felt a bit jealous. I needn't have, because when they stopped kissing, caught us up and then Hen kissed me, Flower grabbed me and we made out if anything more intensely than she had with Hen!

"Perhaps you would both like to come to our motor home, we're parked on the field up ahead." The same field as us as it happened so we agreed with some excitement.

Their motor home was huge, and once inside we could see why. It had not one but two double sized beds, one just behind the driving cab, and one at the other end. Flower pulled me to the bed furthest from the cab and before I even realised what was happening we were naked and seriously getting it on. I was grunting and Flower groaning as we were intertwined, I was between her thighs, her legs wrapped around me as I fucked her so deeply I felt myself banging into her cervix. I was biting and sucking on her tits as she was clenching her fingers into my buttocks and ramming her hips against mine in a frenzy of sex and lust.

The sex was intense, Flower was like a machine, the harder I thrust into her the harder she yelled at me to go harder and faster. When she gripped my cock with a hand and positioned it lower, at her anus, I just pushed into her, no resistance like there was with my wife, I just slid into that tight space!

Hearing moans from the other end of the motor home I glanced over to see my wife in a similar situation to myself. Hen was on her back, her ankles up over the shoulders of Cactus who was fucking her at a pace that was incredible, and she was begging for more!

Seeing my wife having sex with another man was an amazing turn on. I could clearly see his very long hard cock sliding in and out of her soaking cunt, then he pulled out and went down on her before sliding back into first her cunt, then her ass. Whenever we had anal sex it was in the doggie position, Hen loved being on her hands and knees and being rammed into from behind. Anal was rare, a special occasion treat. But tonight she was on her back, almost folded in half as Cactus rammed into both her holes alternatively. She was loving it, and I loved watching it.

"Lick my cunt, eat me!" I turned my attention back to Flower who was making such demands of me. She released her legs from around me and I rather reluctantly pulled out of her. A little shuffling around and I was laid on my back, with a beautiful and very moist vagina just above my face. As the vagina descended onto my eagerly waiting mouth I felt my cock being engulfed by a soft and tender pair of lips. I was sucked and licked before being deep throated in a way I'd never experienced before. There was a slight nip as Flower's teeth seemed to catch for a second but her technique was indescribable as I experienced pleasure that was blowing my mind.

Flower's vagina was so sweet, I licked around her labia, pushed my tongue into her channel and nipped at her clitoris. She ground herself down onto me and shivered as her moistness turned into a flood. I was in heaven.

From the sounds coming from the other end of the motor home Hen was enjoying herself as much as I was, then Cactus called out to Flower that she should come and taste Hen.

My disappointment changed to wonder as I witnessed Flower licking and sucking at my wife's vagina as she held her legs up in the air. My wonder turned to amazement as I saw Flower turn around and Hen start to eat her out as enthusiastically as Flower was eating her. I was further amazed when looking back to myself I found Cactus taking my hard cock down his throat just as enthusiastically as Flower had been. I couldn't help it, I felt myself boiling then ejaculating, deep down another man's throat.

************************************************

"Come on guys, time to make a move!"

I opened my eyes, my sight bleary and sandy. I sat up, catching the top of my head on the inside roof of the tent. Hen was stirring next to me. I opened the zip on the tent and crawled out to find the field almost empty, there were still a few tents around, but all the motor homes and the few caravans that had been there were all gone.

We'd been awakened by one of the landowner's clean-up crew. We quickly grabbed our gear and made our way to our car in the carpark.

We had to stop almost every half hour on the way home, we were both so exhausted we could barely stay awake.

That evening at home we went over the events of the previous night. Neither of us could remember going back to our tent, or of us giving Cactus and Flower our home address. Nevertheless, we did find a note in my pocket, thanking us for our company and telling us that they would see us at our home in a couple of months.

I couldn't account for both our tiredness, verging on pure exhaustion. Henrietta did though, at least she swore it was the answer. "They were vampires, real vampires!"

"Rubbish!"

"No, I'm serious, and I think I can prove it."

"How?"

"Give me your cock!"

Now I might have been tired but when Hen says that, I respond. After a couple of minutes of Hen's ministrations my cock was at full mast and throbbing.

"Yes, I thought so, see, you have two tiny little marks here, when Flower was sucking you off she was drinking your blood!"

When at her insistence I examined my wife's vagina I found two similar marks on the inside of her labia.

Coincidence? Marks we'd missed previously? I don't know, but Hen is convinced, and to be honest I don't really care. If our two vampires do turn up in a couple of months, they're more than welcome!