 In the light of the moon, the man man-beast stood at the edge of the wood and watched Cindy. Her full figured, long red hair and seductive green eyes memorized the man-beast. He crept closer to the window, looked around cautiously. She seemed to be alone this time, no sign of her human male anywhere. 

Cindy sighed heavily then slipped off her shoes and hung up her coat. She was alone again. Her so-called husband was gone for the second night in a row. He made the excuse he was working, but she knew better, as she had seen him with another woman walking into a local pub. She battled with her feeling wondering whether to let him stay or force him to leave a divorce him. She desperately needed a man she could count on.

Cindy, walked to the bedroom took off her skirt and blouse and stood in front of the mirror admiring her body. Her broad hips, full breast and long flowing hair in her opinion made her sexier. Unlike those skinny bitches, she had something to hold on to and curves just they was most men like them. She turned and pranced in her red sheer bra and lacy underwear, which was her favorite color. She chose that color because it seems to arouse men more. 

As the man-beast watched, he knew her routine very well. She would come home from work, and take a long hot bath often masturbating while in the tub. Other times she masturbated, and then took a bath. The last time the man-beast watched her it was late and she was standing on the back deck, naked, fucking her cunt, sucking her nipples and talking dirty. 

Oh, how he loved that, he had even sneaked onto the porch and fucked her like a real man fucks a woman, hard and deep unleashing the beast within. Then the he slithered off into the shadows before she could really see who he was. He thought the sight of his grotesque body would frighten Cindy.

He continued watching her undress, "Oh fuck," he whispered as her big breasts, hardened nipples and well-trimmed pussy came into view. He closed his eye and envisioned himself kneeling between those beautiful thighs his warm tongue lapping every inch of her pussy, exploring its inner folds. Tantalizing her clit, until she was just about to cum, and then sliding his hard dick inside her making Cindy his bitch. His cock throbbed slipping out of its furry sheath. He told himself, be patient, the time is not right yet.

The man-beast then slipped slowly onto the back porch being careful not to make a sound as he crept toward the door. He then checked the backdoor it was unlocked. He slowly slipped inside the house while holding his breath. He paused making sure Cindy did not hear him. Then he carefully walked toward the light at the end of the hall, which he knew was her bedroom.

The floorboard creaked and he froze, surely, she had heard him. After waiting what seemed like an eternity, he noticed that Cindy did not look out the bedroom door. The man-beast felt safe enough to continue walking toward her room. The door was open about half way and in the light of the room.

The man-beast could see Cindy was still standing in front of the mirror. A delicate tattoo of a butterfly was on Cindy's right breast. As his eyes went downward, he saw a rose tattoo just above her naval. 

The man-beast then gasped as she spreading her legs examining glistening pussy. Cindy was frolicsome when she masturbated, giving him a private show of his own. If only she knew, how much he wanted her. The though of fucking Cindy repeatedly cause his dick to harden more.

The man-beast watched Cindy climbed on the bed and lay down spread eagle. She begin rolling and pinching her swollen nipples between her thumb and forefinger. Then bringing one nipple to her mouth she flicked it with her tongue, and then took it between her lips, moaned softly. He stroked his dick as he observed her other hand slid between the fold of her pussy and rubbed her clit. 

The man-beast then told himself, "That's it my sweet bitch, get that cunt nice and wet for me so I can fuck you with my big hard dick."

Cindy inserted two fingers inside her wanting pussy and began finger fucking herself. Her fucking rhythm increased as her other finger rubbed her clit harder and faster. Cindy closed her eyes and screamed, "Oh man-beast fuck me hard, yesssss, deeper, make me your bitch!" Her climax hit her like a fast moving freight train exploding all over her fingers. She then put her fingers in her mouth, licking her sweet nectar from them.

The man-beast then told himself it was time. He walked over to the bed and stood there for a moment admiring her beauty. He climbed onto the bed pouncing on her like unsuspecting prey. Her nipples were standing out like hard bullets and her pussy slick and ready for fucking.

The man-beast covered her mouth and growled, "Don't scream, Cindy! My precious, I am not here to hurt you. I want to fuck you and make you my bitch."

Cindy shock with fear as her emerald-green eyes flew open in horror. She tried to scream but could not force the words out his. She tired to fight, but he held her firmly to the bed. She just laid there for a moment at the mercy of the man-beast. 

Cindy then she felt the man-beast's finger slide inside her vagina slowly fucking her in and out, deep and hard. At first, she did not know what to do, then slowly she began to feel aroused, more then she ever did before. She forced herself to look into his eyes. Their blue piercing color seemed to calm her troubled spirit and she did not fight him anymore. 

She begins to move her hips in rhythm of his finger. She then looked into his eyes once more and said, "Fuck me, man-beast make me your bitch."

The man-beast withdrew his finger and replaced it with his large dick. The massive size of his dick inched its way inside her pussy and she felt like he might rip her apart. The man-beast was surprisingly gentle pushing his dick in a couple of inches at a time, waiting for her to adjust. Once his cock was all the way inside Cindy he kissed her hard. He then begin fucking her harder and deeper with each thrust, pulling his dick all the way out then ramming it all the way in repeatedly.

Cindy wrapped her legs around the man-beast pulling his as deep as his dick could go inside her. She met his rhythm feeling his dick pulsating hard again the walls of her pussy. She started shaking knowing she would climax again.

A low moan started deep within the man-beast's throat as the speed of his cock inside her increased. He then pushed his cock all the way inside her and held it against her cervix as pulsing jets of hot sperm spewed deep inside her. When the beast's cock hit her cervix, she screamed climaxing all over the cock impaled in her. 

They lay there for a moment as his cock slid from her pussy. The man-beast then said, "You are my bitch now. Let me see that pussy of yours."

Cindy watched as the man-beast moved between her legs. She was awed as his gentleness when he parted her swollen lips and brought his mouth to her pussy a sniffed. She quivered as he ran his tongue the length of her pussy lips and inside her vagina. He tongue fucked her hole and rubbed her clit devouring her pussy tasting their mixed juices.

The man-beast loved the taste of Cindy's pussy and it was always his duty to clean his bitch after fucking her. When he finished with her pussy, he moved up to her mouth and rubbed his juices all over her lips.

Cindy loved licking and cleaning a man's dick when he was done fucking her. Doing this made her reassure the man-beast that she was his bitch now. She opened her mouth and begins licking and sucking his soft member. All her oral attentions made his dick become hard once more. 

The man-beast threw his head back and howled, "You are mine now! I want to fuck you again."

Cindy then accepted the man-beast and said, "Take me, I am yours."

The man-beast moved between her legs and slid his dick inside her hot pussy again. Making love to her and unleashing all the passion within him. He put each of her legs atop his shoulder and shoved his dick deep inside her once more. He fucked her deep as his free hand rubbed her swollen clit again. 

He gasped when Cindy leaned down and sucked in her right nipple. The man-beast then leaned forward and sucked in the other nipple. Sucking it hard and then biting it as he shoved his dick deep inside her filling her once again with his semen.

Cindy bit her other nipple hard and shock from head to toe with another earth-shattering climax. Then she kissed him deep and hard and she let go of all the passion within her. In her mind, she knew she had found what she has been searching for all her life. She would be his bitch until she drew in her last breath.

They lay there for a long moment resting in each other's arms. They listened to the beating of their hearts slowing down and beating in rhythm in unison as one. Silently, he leaned down and kissed her once more. 

Then the man-beast said, "Oh my precious bitch, you excite me beyond words! Let me take you home with me and make you mine forever!"

Cindy looked into his loving eyes and said, "When do we leave my loving master? I am yours forever now."