 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

It was shortly after her ravaging by the foul Jackson that Charlotte had first spotted the black robed man. It was at dusk, just as the last of the sun had vanished from the gloomy sky that Charlotte looked out her bedchamber window and spotted the evil figure in the overgrown garden. The figure must have been over six and a half feet tall and looked to be just standing there without staring at anything in particular except empty space. There was something unnerving and spectral about him. The figure didn't seem really there. It was like a figure in a strange dream almost. As the room had grown dark, Charlotte quickly lit some candles and then returned to the window to find the black robed figure gone.

That night, she dreamed of the darkness, the writhing tentacles of the monstrous, obscene god crawling over her body. The dreams were growing more intense as was the intensity of her nervous attacks. Charlotte had already gone through her second bottle of laudanum and the drug store was refusing to give her anymore. Still, her obsession with uncovering the perverse secrets of Bower House was as prevalent as ever. In fact, the further she slid into this state of degenerate irrationality the stronger that obsession grew. Charlotte wasn't sure what she would find but knew that she must be the one to discover it.

For the next few days the weather turned colder and there was no sign of Jackson. The overgrown grass in the back of the yard still hadn't been cut. Charlotte looked for anyone else to do the work but couldn't find a single willing person. She was starting to get desperate when Jackson appeared in her house one afternoon.

She had just come into her kitchen and he where he was waiting for her. Before Charlotte even realized he was there, he had grabbed her and forced her onto the kitchen floor in a submissive position. Once again, Charlotte found herself aroused by his rough, forceful domination of her. Was he going to ravage her again? Was this what she could expect from now on, being ravaged again and again when ever this villainous brute wished? The thought aroused her even further.

"I told you I own this pussy now," he told her.

Charlotte knew that he was right. He did own it. Jackson seemed able to come into her house as he pleased and have his way with her. She was picked up by his brutish strength and bent over the kitchen table. Her skirt was thrown up over her back and she felt the hard slap of his rough hand against her ass. She cried out and he slapped it again. He grabbed her hair and yanked it back.

"I'm going to make you my whore," he said into her ear.

Those words echoed through her mind as Charlotte was held down, bent over the table and made to wait for her second ravaging at the hands of that filthy villain. What did he mean by that? Was the brute planning on selling her to the other ruffians of the neighborhood? Let them have their turn with her in exchange for a little money for himself? The idea of being whored out by Jackson both repulsed and attracted her at the same time. The contradiction made her mind a confusing mass of chaos that was spinning wildly into unfathomable gulfs of perversion and degeneracy. "Dear God," she thought as she felt his hand gripping the back of her neck and pinning the side of her face to the table, "what is happening to me? Am I really going to degrade myself to this man and be his whore? Why is the thought arousing me so? Am I losing my senses?"

All thought suddenly vanished from Charlotte's confused and chaotic mind as she was fucked once again by Jackson. Her pussy was slammed hard and fast. She moaned and shuddered from his viscous thrusts and cried out each time he gave her plump ass a good slap. He fucked her long and good from behind forcing her to orgasm. Charlotte's body shuddered and shook from the force of the ecstasy that flooded her body. Her mind warped and twisted in on itself and she found herself in the darkness of her dreams. The obscene god with his deformed head like a pterodactyl stared down at her with his black eyes, his grey wings beating and his tentacles feeling in the dark for her body. She heard its horrid, guttural voice call for her. 

When Jackson's cum shot into her, Charlotte realized that she was still bent over her kitchen table with her pussy now filled with a foul villain's seed. Charlotte was hit with another orgasm at the realization of it. Her tormentor gave her plump ass one final slap before telling her, "I'll be back tomorrow and you'll be sucking my cock, whore."

She slid off the kitchen table and rested on her knees next to it. "I will not," she protested. 

Her hair was seized by the brute and she was pulled to her feet. Under his domination once more, Charlotte found herself becoming submissive. He slapped her face and held her by the throat and hair, snarling at her, "you'll suck my cock, bitch. Got it?"

Charlotte closed her eyes and nodded. After that, he was gone once again. She wasn't sure how he left the house or how he was getting in. After cleaning herself up a little, Charlotte made a tour of the house in order to see if he came in through the parlor window once more or somewhere else. In truth, she knew that the whole thing was futile. Jackson will come in and ravage her as he pleased so long as she remained in Bower House. Charlotte was certain of that but she wasn't going to leave. It was starting to dawn on her that she might not be able to force herself to if things really got out of hand at Bower House. She knew that she was on a spiral into complete moral degeneracy and there was no escape from it now.

It was a dark night in late October, a month that had always been dreaded in the city of Darkmouth. Ellis Street was in a particular state of anxiety that increased as the days got closer to November. The Bower House seemed to be becoming a living entity around Charlotte with dark shadows from the corner of the rooms stalking after her like creeping tentacles. It seemed that at any moment they could snatch her by the wrists and ankles and drag her into the endless pits of perverted horror.

The night after Jackson had informed her that she was going to suck his cock, something she knew would be an inevitable fate, Charlotte sat by the fire in her parlor. The firelight barely seemed to illuminate a tiny portion of the parlor, leaving the rest in inky black shadow making the corners of the room impossible to see. She tried to read a novel, but her mind was distracted by degenerate thoughts of submission and humiliation. Her hands started to grope her own giant breasts through the fabric of her violet dress. Her eyes closed as she started to writhe and groan in her seat just a little. She could hear the distant chanting from somewhere beneath the floor. She pulled her skirt up and started playing with her pussy. It felt as though something was behind her chair by the fire. Charlotte could feel the presence of the tall figure in black robes with his hands stretched out over as if she was his puppet hanging from strings. The shadows inched closer and closer to her as she fingered herself into an orgasmic oblivion.

A sound from upstairs broke her out of the spell. She turned and looked but saw no black robed figure behind her. The parlor looked normal. She heard the sound again, a soft thud from somewhere above her. She quickly lit a candle and started her way up the stairs. The entire climb up, Charlotte couldn't help but feel as though someone was following right behind her but every time she turned there was nothing there.

When she reached the upstairs hall and overwhelming sense of dread had suddenly paralyzed her. Charlotte knew that something beyond the material realm of existence was with her. She slowly turned and standing at the stairs was the tall figure in the black robe. Charlotte screamed and stumbled back. She dropped the candle and in an instant she was trapped in the darkness of Bower House. 

She was grabbed by the hair and pulled into her bedroom. Before she knew it, Charlotte was bent over her bed with both her arms pinned behind her back by a familiarly rough and strong hand. The skirt of her dress was lifted and the other hand grabbed at her pussy. Jackson's voice said into her ear, "ready to suck my cock, bitch?"

Charlotte's head was swimming. The shock in the hallway was still having an effect on her. Jackson played with her pussy while her arms were twisted behind her back. "Yes," she answered, "but after you cut the grass in the back. I'll suck your cock then." 

Jackson chuckled. She heard him open his pants after he was done fingering her slit. "Fine," he agreed, "but I'm getting some that pussy right now."

Charlotte was fucked with her arms pinned behind her back. Each viscous thrust and hard slam made them twist and ache. So tight was his grip that she was certain that one or both were going to break. If his cock pounded her hole any harder they might have.

He leaned on top of her and wrapped his forearm around her throat and pulled her head back a little. Now not only her arms ached in his dominating grip, but her back was in sharp pain as well. Her eyes went wide as she felt a combination of pain and ecstasy that she had never experienced before. Mixed with fear, it created a cocktail of sensation that pulsed through her body. Intoxicated on pleasure, pain and fear, Charlotte went into orgasmic convulsions and howled like a mad woman in the night. She orgasmed three rapid times in a row each twice as intense as the last.

When Jackson was done with her, she was a shaking wreck on the bed with a pussy dripping his cum. "I'll be back after I finish your yard," he told her. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. "After that you suck my cock."

"Yes," Charlotte barely whispered. "I'll suck your cock."

He tossed her onto the floor and left her there like he always did. Charlotte shook on the floor from the aftershocks of her monstrous orgasms at the hands of Jackson's brutal domination of her. Never had anything felt as good as that, not in all of her life.

She woke up on the floor the next morning. Everything ached but her pussy was incredibly sore from the constant pounding it took from Jackson. It was a satisfying pain for some reason, one that Charlotte found herself enjoying. She rubbed it a little and groaned on the floor of her bedroom. That morning she bathed and changed and then went into the kitchen and looked out the window to the back. Jackson was out there cutting the grass. 

Charlotte had some toast and coffee and read her novel a little but couldn't stop thinking about being fucked last night and sucking cock later in the day. The idea repulsed her but not entirely. It was as though something was pushing her to it. She thought of the black robed figure that had been stalking her. Was it another local brute from Ellis Street? Or something else? Charlotte meant to find out.

When she looked out the window at midday, Charlotte spotted Jackson near the fountain staring down at something. He was motionless and he had a strange almost fearful look on his face. Charlotte knew that he had found something out there by the fountain. She went out to see what it was. The villainous brute didn't even notice her approach. 

At his feet was a hatch door with a strange carving of a winged demon with a goat's head on it. The image made Charlotte shudder even though it wasn't the image of the obscene god that she had seen in her dreams. Staring down at the hideous image Charlotte asked, "what is it?"

"Satros," Jackson whispered. The brute pulled his eyes away from the image and took Charlotte by the hair. "You have what you want, now you suck my cock."

Charlotte was dragged back into the house by the hair. She was put on her knees inside the kitchen. "Dear God," she thought, "I'm really going to have to do it." Jackson had his cock quickly out and told her to open her mouth. Charlotte hesitated. He slapped her face which made her gasp and before she knew it her mouth was stuffed with Jackson's big, foul cock.

She was guided by the hand on the back of her head. Charlotte sucked his cock the best that she could but she was always nervous and hesitant. Jackson seemed to just enjoy seeing her down on her knees performing a whore's work. Something about the humiliation and degradation of the act aroused her. The more she sucked the more aroused she became. The shame of being forced to perform such an act was nothing compared to the shame of actually enjoying it.

Charlotte moaned while she sucked his cock. She looked up at him and stared into his dominant eyes as she debased herself upon him. His powerful hand pulled her head forward and her eyes went wide as she felt that big cock slowly slide down into her throat. She choked and gagged and tried to put her hands on his legs to push herself back but he held her there. She choked on his cock for what felt like an eternity before he finally released her and let her take in a breath. 

"You ain't finished, bitch."

He shoved his cock right back into her mouth and she started sucking again. Charlotte was determined to do the best that she could. The sooner that she could end this humiliation the better. She closed her eyes and emptied her head of all thoughts except for her whorish task. Her mind empty of thought and her mouth full of cock, Charlotte felt a peace that she had never felt before. It was as though this was her natural state being on her knees in thoughtless submission and subservience. She sucked long and hard until she tasted his cum after it suddenly blasted in her mouth. She pulled away and gagged and spit it out on the floor. Jackson grabbed her by the hair and slapped her face again.

"Too good to swallow my cum, bitch? You lick it off the floor!"

She looked up at him in disgusted horror. She got another slap and was forced down to the floor by his strong, rough hand. Charlotte couldn't believe it but she stuck out her tongue and started to lick the villain's cum off the kitchen floor. There was no bottom to the pit of humiliation that she had fallen into. She was dragged deeper and deeper into the depths of dehumanizing perversion. She licked the cum up knowing that she would never spit again. It was clear now that she belonged to Jackson and he would do with her as he pleased. It was impossible for her to refuse him.

After she had cleaned the floor he said "good" and gave her plump ass a slap. It sent an orgasmic shock through her body. It was insane. It seemed like it was easier and easier for her to orgasm with each passing day. The further she went into the depths the closer she came to mind shattering, orgasmic destruction of her moral soul. What degradation could possibly be next?

Charlotte found out the next day. Her plan was to go out to the fountain and open the hatch door to find out what was inside. That morning she took the trolley to downtown and bought a gas lantern. When she returned to Bower House she found Jackson in the foyer waiting for her. He grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her towards him. Charlotte was trapped in his powerful arms as he grinned down a her.

"Found some empty bottle of laudanum," he said. "No other ones but empty though. Run out?"

Charlotte tried to pull herself away from the foul brute but to no avail. "The drug store in town won't sell me anymore," she told him.

"I can get you plenty," he said. "I got lots of laudanum. I got lots of everything. Be a good little whore for me and I'll keep you fixed right up. How's that sound?"

His hands were groping her enormous breasts and causing Charlotte to grow hot with arousal. Her face became red. He was going to make her suck his cock again, she knew it. She had already sucked his cock for yard work so she may as well suck it for drugs as well. She let out a defeated sigh and asked him, "what do you want?"

"I'll be back in an hour," he said. "We'll come in through the back. Don't want the neighbors to think me disreputable by associating myself with you."

She glared up at him. "Big words for a filthy beast," she hissed at him.

He slapped her a few times which only aroused her even more. Charlotte wondered if she was becoming a masochist living in this strange old house. He told her, "that mouth is for sucking not sass. Got it, bitch?"

"Yes," she said submissively. "I understand."

"Good. Be back in an hour. Keep yourself pretty for me, bitch."

He let her go and left through the back so that the neighbors wouldn't think him disreputable. Charlotte collapsed on the stairs and immediately pulled up the skirt of her rose colored dress. She fingered herself to orgasm right there and then while the sting of those slaps across her face was still fresh. Her head spun and she suddenly felt as though she was sinking into the house. Someone coming in through the back broke her out of the spell. Had it been an hour already? 

Charlotte sighed and stood up. After fixing her dress she went into the kitchen to get whatever it was that Jackson had for her. She paused when she saw Jackson standing there with two other men as foul and brutish and he was. Charlotte's stomach turned as she saw them both pass money over to Jackson who told them, "take her on upstairs and do what you want with her."

The two men walked over to her and took her by the arms. "Let's go, slut," one of them said. Charlotte was walked upstairs and taken into a guest bedroom where she was stripped naked by the two men and put on the bed. Their hands groped and fondled her body. They played with her enormous breasts and then turned her over and groped and slapped her plump ass. Charlotte couldn't believe what was happening to her. Now she was being used by other local men who paid to get some her pussy.

The two men took turns fucking her on the bed. They treated her like a piece of cheap meat and Charlotte liked it. When they called her a slut and a whore she liked it. When they pulled her hair and slapped her ass she liked it. They put her on her knees and she sucked both of their cocks. After that she was put on the floor and fucked again on her back. It seemed as though the two of them fucked her for over two hours before shooting their cum on her breasts and face. Laying there having been whored, Charlotte once again felt as though she was sinking into the house. She didn't even notice the two men leave and three others come in.

They picked her up and bent her over the side of the bed. Already covered in the cum of two men, she was fucked long and hard by three more in a row. She panted and moaned and through blurry vision thought that she saw the robed figure standing in the corner of the room watching. Charlotte couldn't count how many orgasms she had as her pussy was slammed by three men. All of them shot their cum inside of her. She was lost in a dehumanizing splendor. Someone grabbed her by the hair and she found herself on her knees with a cock in her mouth. Her throat was fucked by two other men who had come into the room and they both covered her face in more cum. 

That seemed to be the end of it for the time. As Charlotte sat on the floor with her back against the side of the bed and her legs spread apart and covered in cum, she knew that this would only be the beginning. She knew from now on that she was going to be whored day and night by Jackson. Every man on Ellis Street was going to his chance to fuck the huge breasted slut in Bower House. Charlotte knew that this was her permanent fate and quickly submitted to it.

~ o ~

After two restless nights haunted by perverted dreams, Charlotte was anxious for any kind of relief. No matter how she tried, she couldn't bring herself to leave Bower House. It had a grip on her mind and was twisting into something unrecognizable. Just as the sun began to set, Jackson came in through the back. He brought three bottle of laudanum with him. Charlotte was desperate for them but he cruelly held them from her. "Please," she begged, "I'll do anything!"
