 Me and my girlfriend co-wrote this. I wrote the base, she polished and added where needed.

*****

The moon was barely breaking through the horizon rising slowly over the tree line and illuminating the stone table slowly; Candles were scattered in a circle burning low, barely illuminating the women tied eagle spread to the rock. The ropes binding her were silk, but held tight against her flesh as if made of iron when she strained against them eyes blown wide in fear. Giving up she looked around, trying to see beyond the ring of lights. 

She couldn't remember how she got here, but she remembered what had happened. She'd been at the farmer's market, buying some groceries, when she'd been offered a free glass of juice. That was nothing new though, there was always some vendor trying to push his latest product so she took it and tried it not noticing anything different about it. She had left the market after and had finished loading her groceries into the vehicle when her vision had started to get fuzzy. Chalking it up to exhaustion at a long day she had climbed into her car and knew no more. Based on her estimation that had to of been at least six? seven hours ago? and that scared her. 

Her thoughts were cut off as a howl suddenly came from the darkness surrounding her. She stiffened and froze as something approached and entered the shadowy circle of light given off by the candles. Yellow eyes were what she noticed first, large and luminous and then? the sheer massive size. The figure towered over her, about 7 feet tall by her estimation; It's legs and arms were slender and lanky, made for running on all fours, it's body slim but strong, full of lean muscle. It's face made her gasp in shocked fear, it was not something that she could have pictured existing outside of her worst nightmares. This wasn't a man's face, oh no, this face was more akin to a wolf, and it's muzzle was long and pulled back into a drooling toothy snarl. 

It looked down on her, a girl of barely 19, running it's eyes from the tips of her toes and up her long legs to the tangled mess of strawberry blonde hair splayed out around her. She let out a soft whine as a gentle gust of wind blew through, making the flames flicker. The feel of that breeze across her dusky pink nipples caused them to harden and perk up. It was then that it hit her, she was splayed out, stark naked before this predator of the woods at his total mercy. For there was no doubt in her mind that the beast, the werewolf, was male.

Her fear tightened its hold on her, she couldn't help but to wonder if this was the last night she'd be alive. Suddenly, the werewolf stopped its approach and sniffed slowly, tilting it's head this way and that, as if it had found a new smell on the wind, something that it hadn't expected. He looked down at her, and slowly something started to rise from the sheath that concealed his sex. His cock was thick, thicker than any man's and stood red and proud against the black fur, she couldn't look away. He came closer and she struggled and strained against the rope, trying to cover her womanhood by closing her legs.

He growled at her, and she stopped. The beast raised one of it's paws, no, hands, no...it was a mix between both, neither man nor beast all long thin digits covered in fur and tipped by needle sharp claws. She let out a squeak as it reached for her chest, and groped one of her round DD sized breasts. The groping started out gently as if testing the firmness of her flesh before becoming more harsh, claw tips teasing her breast and raking over her hard nipples, eliciting a strangled sound from her full red lips despite her apprehension and fear. She stared up at him, watching as he grinned, groping her again and again, until his ministrations drew out another throaty moan. 

She gasped again, and felt her pussy start to grow wet despite the fear gripping her. This was impossible. Werewolves were fake. She had to be dreaming, or this was a bad drug trip from whatever they dosed her with. Shutting her eyes, she bit her lip hard enough to draw blood. She wasn't dreaming. The creature above her, still watching her every move, leaned down and gently licked the blood from her lip, and grinned wider, the smile savage and and full of a primal hunger. She let out a low whine as a clawed hand gripped her hair and pulled her face to the side as the other sliced through the ropes binding her on one side. It bodily moved her so she was on her side...her head perfectly placed at crotch height. Her eyes widened as she got a better look at his member. He had to be a good 9 inches in length and about as thick around at the knot as a can of soda, the sight of his cock made her quiver with some unknown feeling. 

He growled softly then, clawed hand still in her hair tilting her head back, and nudged her mouth with his cock. She kept them closed, but he kept nudging her. She wasn't going to let him fuck her mouth...he was a beast! An animal! She heard him give an almost frustrated snarl and his other hand forced her mouth open and he shoved his hard length passed her lips. He tasted musky against her tongue...it was different...wild and woodsy and it made her groan around him. 

Growling in appreciation at this, he leaned closer, forcing her mouth wider to accommodate his impressive girth, her eyes following suit. She made a few noises of panic and began to choke as he forced himself deeper into her warm mouth. It took her a moment to begin breathing with her nose again and to relax the muscles of her throat to allow him to penetrate her there too. She didn't dare bite down out of fear of what he would do...she was forced out of necessity to be his compliant victim.

He stared down at her, eyes full of lust, loving the feel of her lips around him, how she was sucking him down so easily, and started thrusting gently, making her gasp and gag slightly as she was suddenly forced to take more of him before she was ready, and he growled again, a savage look of pleasure on his face. A thoughtful look appeared to cross his lupine features before, licking his muzzle, he pulled out of her mouth with a pop, leaving her gasping for breath and staring at him, spit trickling down the side of her mouth.He moved back, smirking a little as he positioned her and used his large paws to separate her legs further giving him the room he needed to slip between them. 

"N-no! I'm saving myself! Please don't do this! J-just leave me alone!" She cried out as it hit her what the beast was planning. She thrashed side to side, trying to kick him as she struggled against her remaining bonds with a renewed desperation. She felt the rope cut into her wrist and she hissed as her warm blood began to seep into the silk. Several moments passed as the werewolf tried to settle between her thighs and avoid her thrashing, her wrist was slick...maybe if she twisted her wrist just right the remaining one would come free and she could fight back properly. She tried as hard as she could striking out towards its head with her free arm hand balled into a fist. 

Suddenly, it looked up and snarled shooting a hand out to grip her free wrist and pin it to the rock next to her. She tried to break free but, he growled warningly, his other free paw coming up to lightly grip her throat. She gave a gasp as she felt the tips of his claws break her skin, the scent of fear rolling off her in waves mixed with the heady scent of subtle arousal. The wolf gave a harsh grunt as he thrust his hips forward sinking deep into her pussy all the way in, as far as he could before stopping when he encountered that barrier that signaled she was in fact a virgin. She sputtered and begged for him to stop, her eyes screwed shut in pain and terror as he pressed forward with a cruel snarl. She felt something within her tear and it hurt oh gods it felt like he was going to rip her in half. He filled her to the brim and started thrusting in and out of her paying no mind to her virgin blood that graced his cock, or to the tears that streamed down her cheeks at the pain of his assault. 

"Oh God!" She screamed, back arching off the table as he held her, his hand tightening on her throat, cutting off her breathing and making her gasp. The edges of her vision were beginning to darken and she fell back limy against the slab, "I c-cant breathe," she gasped out weakly.

He growled approvingly at that, and released his hold on her throat, watching her gasp for air weakly as he continued to thrust his cock in and out of her body. He moved his paw back to her throat and paused his hips, leaning forward he languidly ran his tongue up and over her left breast and repeated the motion until he felt her inner most muscles begin to loosen around his cock as she subconsciously relaxed. He then turned his attentions to her right breast as he slowly increased the pressure against her throat for a moment before releasing her and lifting his head away to gaze at her. Her breathing had quickened and her eyes were half lidded, maybe she wouldn't fight him now that he ensured she should get some pleasure from this. 

She stared up at him as he leaned close again and licked her throat gently as he started to thrust slowly into her slowly. The women let out a gasp of surprise, there was little pain now. The little that wasn't was overridden by the pleasure coursing through her veins as he sunk into her tight heat again. She felt so full and the burn from him burying his entire cock in her pussy combined with the feel of his paw and claws on her throat was doing things to her body and mind. Why was this happening? Why was she enjoying this so much? Her mind was a mix of those thoughts and a blinding pleasure that grew with each thrust.

He growled again, and tightened the paw at her throat so hard that her vision started to swim as he began to thrust his cock into her pussy with more reckless abandon. He snarled hungrily as her whimpers and moans ghosted over his ears. He felt her grow wetter and wetter around his cock and it drove him wild. He released her throat fully and use his paws to pin both her arms above her head, giving him a better angle to reach her core with his length.

She brought her legs up, locking her ankles behind his body urging him to take her hard and fast gasps and whines falling from her lips like a prayer. He obliged her thrusting deeper and harder into her growling and panting as he did. He felt her walls begin to quiver and tighten around him as heat and desire pooled in her stomach. He pulled out until just the head of his cock was within her body before shoving forward with a quick snap of his hips burying himself balls deep inside her again, and again determined to feel her cum around his thick cock. Her orgasm broke over her like a wave and she thrashed and spasmed around him, legs falling open again. He pulled out and watched the evidence of her pleasure leak out and coat her thighs and the stone slab. 

He seemed to let out a wolfish laugh as he leaned down and ran his tongue over her pussy, his nostrils filled with her scent. Her eyes went wide as she watched his member seem to grow harder before her eyes at the base. The wolf before her paused, then smirked, and started to enter her again, thrusting deep. She gasped in surprise, body still heavily sensitized from her orgasm. She whimpered and moaned as she she felt him inside her, taking her body as his own. He growled hungrily, purring almost as he used her. She whimpered, gripping the arms that held her down as he thrust and pumped his length into her. She thrashed and cried out another orgasm breaking over her body and the wolf gave a mighty shudder above her. His hand once more reached down, gripping her throat, choking off her breath, and bringing her pleasure even higher, as he leaned down and licked her nipple with his long tongue, gripping her breast with his other hand as he pushed deep inside her, his knot slipping inside her body. She was stretched to the point of pain and tears again formed in the corners of her eyes. She didn't know how much more she could take. It hurt but his erratic thrusts and small jerks were hitting all the right things inside her. A third orgasm ripped through her body, leaving her gasping and twitching and laying there limp under the beast. The wolf felt her tighten around himself again and threw his head back and howled into the night. Warmth flooded her body, his seed drenching her inner most place.

He stared down at her limp body, her breathing ragged and coming out in choking gasps as he withdrew. The wolf watched with a twisted smile as his seed leaked out from her flooded passage, this human had taken all of him. That knowledge hit the human inside of that was buried deep by the moon and giving him some vestige of control back. Growling, he leaned close, cutting the last of ropes that bound her as his breath tickled against her ear. She stiffened, half expecting him to end her life having gotten what he wanted from her now wrecked body. Instead, he breathed out a single word. "Mine."

She laid there quivering, trying to gain the will and energy to get up from the table as the beast stalked off passed the ring of candles and back into the night. Before she tried to roll off the table, something caught her eye that she had missed in her first glance around the clearing. Her clothes were there, folded neatly on the ground, a small slip of paper resting on top of them. She whimpered as she moved and slid off the table, God she was so sore. She reached out and moved the note to the side slipping back into her shirt and panties, not having enough energy to argue with her bra and slacks. Her hands were shaking as she picked up the note and began to read.

'You who have been chosen as a sacrifice. If you are reading this, then you have survived when so many before you have not. You have been marked and claimed by the wolf of this village. You are his, and he will find you wherever you try to hide. There is no escape. We will be back for you or to clean the mess soon.' 

Her vision swam, and she melted back to the table unconscious, as whatever had been used to lace the note took effect. Some time passed and the night began to draw to a close as the beast watched from the shadows, standing guard over the human woman who was now his.

*****

Chapter 1 end. By JC & AL