 As the maple and oak leaves turn their deep shades of autumn, the magical force within their transmutation grows steadily. From the changing face of nature the very terms of existence demand that enchantment be recognized and a silent reverence be paid to it. Make no mistake in understanding the fables and superstitions are aligned with the most enthralling moments in the earth's cycle. As recognition of nature's slumber impinges upon the human brain stem, the magic turns dark and animalistic, even diabolical. From there the demons are called to life, but only for a time! Amid the cornucopia of full harvest, when nature's bounty provides us with it's generosity, those demons appear so we can vanquish them rapidly, steadfast in belief that something good will take place, something will protect us, as we lay down for our long revitalizations.

Soft moist wind, made warm by the afternoon sun, clung to the leaf as it turned and drifted at the mercy of a thousand atmospheric variables. The maple leaf discarded by it's own creator suddenly careened against the stain glass window of an affluence abode. The almost imperceptible ticking sound produced by the soft collision, startled a truly magnificent, feminine, beauty lost in her wistful daydreams.

Christobel had been staying at a close friend's estate to have a much needed change of scenes. Everything in the city had trapped and enclosed her in the horrible doldrums of existence she couldn't bear anymore. The exhilaration she felt on her nature walks through the grand estate were as astounding as that deep feeling of solitude from being there alone. It was just what she needed to sort things out. 

Over the course of the last several years she had gone from heterosexual to bi in what she considered a normal manner of discovery and the transition to becoming exclusively lesbian was something she knew was not of her own choosing. Still she had to admit that she truly was exclusively lesbian now and found that a difficult concession at best. One thing just lead to another but she did so love the feeling of another female's gorgeous body pressed and slithered all over her own. That naughty spirit was tremendous. The rich aroma of their secretions mingling into a greater sum of feminine essence felt as if she was wrapped in a protective cocoon. The thick taste of another's raw womanhood gliding down her throat as she produced so much of her own juices for her lover's passionate repast, gave her so much more intimacy than their other likenesses. The bond so strong between them for their sameness was supernatural. The knowledge that she could feel exactly what her sex partners felt when they were in the throws of passion held such overwhelming certainty and brought her intimacy further than anything she had approached with men. 

Men were so hard to figure out, so hard to understand. But still she longed for the touch of a male, to feel the combination of the yin and yang in an alliance of passion's very creation, and it was so enticing. She was always guided away from it by the possessive women she knew, and the places she now frequented, offered little to change that. She needed to be in control of her own life and recognized she was not. Even though she knew she was gaining a greater understanding of human nature as she went from the passive effeminate, being taken by her women friends, to the strong and almost truly male aggressive initiator, she knew there was something more. Something was missing. 

It wasn't the wanton need for conducting another woman's orgasm, it wasn't her own unquenchable desire to drink the female ambrosia, it was more a psychological desire to be in control of her own life that drove her on. Cutting her hair and dressing butch was almost a robotic action. She was denouncing the feeling which gnawed upon her that she really didn't want to do this, and wasn't really naturally inclined to be totally lesbian. Yet wrapped in that Sapphic cocoon, her expectation of becoming the butterfly within ,was glorious inspiration. 

Other people told her she was beautiful and she guessed she was, sort of, but she was always waiting for the other shoe to drop and for them to see her as plain and ordinary. Continuing through life as a lesbian shielded her from the feeling of being just ordinary, that persuasion certainly made her something different. Amid the naughty, exquisite, saturation of sultry female essence she was bolder and more alluring, daring to do, and try, things she would otherwise never have done.

What made her decide to take the risk in her walk to get the mail was supported by the fact that she had not seen another soul in several days. She looked in the mirror and saw her firm breasts appear as the blouse she wore fell softly to the thick carpet. Admiring herself for a moment she saw her breasts flush slightly and her full nipples extend into their erectness. Her collogen filled lips were wet now as she thought of the splendor of suckling from another woman. 

She turned with animated grace and pulled down on the stretch pants she wore so often now because they showed her ripe swollen vulva to the entire world. Cascades of sweet flesh revealed themselves in the mirror as she whimsically performed a striptease for no one. Sensual feelings pervaded her spirit and she knew she was making the right choice. The only problem she could encounter in her walk was going to be the slim chance that someone would be coming down the road when she fetched the mail from that barely manageable antique iron box. 

Yet modesty still clung to her consciousness tightly and her heart escalated at the thought of what she had decided she would do. A tiny drop of clear vaginal fluid hung from her protruding majora and she gathered it on the tip of her delicate finger. She brought it to her lips and consumed it eagerly as if it were liquid courage.

Staying true to her decision was more important than risking being seen in lewd expression. With confused steps of uncertainty Christol began her constitution. She walked down the trail shielded from above by the entwining branches of mighty oaks planted in two rows, only meters apart, with their limbs forever wrapped in open, devoted, embrace. 

The sound of the leaves breaking, ripping and crushing beneath her bare feet was a sort of thrush, sending shivers up her spine. The magic of their transformation as they were ground down under her feet ushered forth a change deep in her soul, a small, imperceptible, alteration. 

Yes it felt good to walk in the nude through so pristine a natural surround. The archway the trees formed, on the way down to the road, made her feel as is she was locked in fond embrace with nature alone. 

Suddenly the depth of her perception was augmented as she witness the trees readying themselves for their long winter sleep and her own ripeness hung like a sizzling mantle in the air around her. Her footsteps through the thick layer of fallen leaves touched down softy as she gracefully, deliberately, sway her hips in an enchanting dance so beguiling. The exaggerated swirling thrust felt in her abdomen drove sensation into the depth of her womanhood and she felt the warm slippery fluid moistening her majora and then her labia as they slide across their matches in delirious sensuousness. Her soft inner thighs soon glided through her own dampness in a sweet waltz so enthralling. 

A heart screamed out for all of nature to hear, "I am woman!" In celebration she traversed the distance to the road and then dug into the mailbox carefully. 

Most, in fact all, of the mail was for the owner of the Estate save a single gold embossed envelop addressed to her. Who even knew she was here? As her mind whirled in puzzled query, images of her friends and acquaintances formed in her consciousness. Actually that broke the enchantment of her solitude as much as hearing the sound of a truck downshifting gears on the winding road. 

When she heard the noise the truck made, it startled her in a most pleasant sensation. Her flesh stand opening all it's pours and almost breathing in the air around her, through her whole body, now flush with warm startled blood coursing hard through her countenance. A jolt of passion ran through her clitoris and the thought of being caught in the nude at the roadside made her suddenly fearsome. She felt the crimson glow of embarrassment as she ran for the cover of the Estate's inner sanctum, forgetting the envelop in her hand for now. 

The glimpse the truck driver beheld was an exquisite female form disappearing into the thick brush. Those shapely, strong legs and that firm, sweet tushy bobbling in so alluring a manner stirred the man's imagination instantly. Christol hid from view and the man thought to himself that he must be imagining things as he sped up the engine to climb the next hill. 

She was not in the protective surrounds of other women sharing her anxious declarations of nudity and feminine spirit. She was one single woman lost in the acknowledgement that she could be raped out here in the woods so easily, and there would be no one to save her from it. 

Still she managed to relax and continue her stroll through nature, in awe of everything she beheld while intentionally walking more slowly, consuming the environment and feeling her corporeal fluids trudge down her delicious legs. The birds now sang love songs to only her, while the sweet autumnal winds kissed and embraced every erogenous center within her and the gentle deer revealed themselves to acknowledge her presence. She had become one with nature. 

Once inside she glanced at her cloths on the floor and felt glad she had communed with the warm autumn afternoon, assured it was an edifying sojourn. One she would repeat for as long as she stayed on the Estate. After carefully opening the envelop she discovered it was an invitation to attend a "special" Halloween Party. 

The message explained her part was to be one of the vampires in attendance and she would be referred to as "The Demoness." It was signed the "Dungeon Master" and she had no idea who sent it to her, but the reference to one of her best friend's was assurance enough that she felt no fear of attending. 

The friend was a woman who she had made love to, frequently at first, and then their passion for each other waned over time, so nothing came of their relationship. That's actually how all her relationships had gone for some time. The party and the conquest of new and different lovers seem to keep her and all her friends from developing any ties stronger than the community of exclusive females loving females. Any true commitment was strictly avoided because it always ended with the cold steel blade of philandering, driven deep into someone's heart. Hedonism reigned supreme and self gratification was all there was, in her release of Sapphic passion. 

She was certain from the invitation that any sexual inclination would be acceptable to the host so it might turn out a totally macabre, outrageous, event, one she surely would regret missing.

The girl in the costume shop was one that knew her and knew of her persuasion so trying on the different Vampire outfits and accessories became delicious foreplay and the girl's hands wandering over her swollen nipples and through her womanhood softly had Christol releasing orgasmic fluid into many of the dresses. When she apologized for it the girl just responded that she'd like to suck the luscious crème from each gown and would cherish the scent and taste of the soiled panties Christol gave her. It was most astounding when the girl refused to charge her for the costume rental and warned in a sultry manner that if she didn't return the gown and jewels the girl would come to collect them herself. Christol's protestation over the price did no good and the sex starved girl made it clear it was pussy she wanted for recompense. 

"Okay then, I'll see you in early November," was Christol's acceptance of terms and they both gushed.

The girl retorted, "It's a date then." 

Psychologically, Christol didn't cower from her lesbianism when she headed for the car, as she usually did in public, and she felt strong in her identity. The guy passing by on the sidewalk as she got into the car was treated to a sight of revealing essence, and she smiled as he responded to her in a willing manner and acknowledged her clean shaven pussy was captivating. Safe inside the car from any unfamiliar advances she headed back to the Estate aglow.

The few days left before Halloween Night past by in tranquility, and her nude travel to the mail box had left her sans clothing at all, from one bewitching hour onto the next. Her imagination ran wild with mixtures of what the event to come would be like and she found her fingers coated most of the time with sweet nectar from the center of her desire. 

Since no one would ever see or know what she did on the Estate, the bananas in the kitchen were to much to resist and the cold wrinkled squash from the refrigerator became an exquisite, warm, fantasy lover, both strap-on clad female and Vicious Male Vampire, over and over again. 

The solitude and her truly getting in touch with her own singular body, inside the Estate's comfortable accommodations and out in the natural unscathed grounds brought her to the conclusion that she didn't really care how her life was going, that she would simply take the easy path and let it all flow to whatever conclusion lay in store. Since she was already set for life, all she needed was sexual release and it didn't matter how she got it or what anyone thought of her because of it. She had no misconception of real love existing. 

Love was for fools and philosophers.

The night of the ungodly fell upon the earth and Chrsitol stood at the entrance of what looked like a European Castle nestled far up in the deep foggy piedmont on a long private road. The wet gray stone accented her appearance. She had chosen a long wig that looked much like her own hair did before she cut it all off. It was darker and had waves in it that stood on the precipice of being curls. They dangle down upon her frail neck and across her shoulders in a sluttish regalia. Caution had bid her wear a black lace shawl that revealed her bare breasts but only slightly. If she was studied carefully you could see those gorgeous nipples in the openings of the lace weave beckoning for hungry lips to encase them. A thick gold necklace hung down obscenely as the sparkling jewels cast in it, caught the eye and bid you look at the eager, trembling flesh around it, calling you to stroke your yearning sex all over her. 

The black silk dress hung from her shoulders and parted above each breast to gather again beneath them tightly. The neckline was cut so low you could have seen her abdomen were it not for the thin, slick, leather, dominatrix corset she wore beneath it, that pushed her breasts up proudly. Her Eyes were covered by fiery red contacts that made her look to be a real demon especially with the thick dark eye shadow and long black lashes accenting them. The dress was slit nearly to her waist at an angle such that she couldn't actually hold it together. Some part of her leg and thigh or firm buttocks was always visible if not all of them in obscene delectability. 

At the right angle you could see that the corset didn't extend past her thin waist as there were deep red crotchless panties clinging to her sex and revealing her sweet hinter lips at all times. In her mouth she wore the usual fangs but these were so realistic they were frightening. The base of each was wide and strong and they drew into points so sharp and delicate. Her finger nails were painted that lesbian brownish purple and there were rings on almost every finger. She wore a garter belt and seamed fishnet stockings along with open toed heels. Shoes so easy to remove her feet begged for slithering tongues and sensual juices to cover them. Her leg muscles layered in precise physical configuration cut so deeply, as she stand in heels, that they entreated immediate ejaculation from both sexes. 

The glitter seemed so carefully applied on her face and trailing far below, you would imagine she carefully placed each one of the specks on her licentious body individually, and those long fragile earrings swaying from those tantalizing earlobes amid the flowing hair brushed upon her neck sending excited hints of a promise that a myriad of lustful contortions would soon be scheduled for several lucky suitors.

As she presented her invitation in the foyer one male dressed in shining, greasy, vinyl with his cock and balls the only flesh exposed offered an exchange. She had to smirk at the diamond cock ring keeping his tool fully flaccid as he greeted each guest. 

A requisite of her entrance to the party was that she drink the concoction he held out to her. Otherwise she would be expelled immediately. He informed her it was a non-alcoholic aphrodisiac, specially formulated by the Dungeon Master himself and contained Mocombe bark from the Olduvai Gorge, hand picked black Ginseng from Korea and several secret ingredients that would not show on any drug screen, and had no known interactions with any drug. 

She accepted the exchange and the mixture tasted like she was drinking muddy dirt as it went down. Immediately she felt her body become flush and heated. The man then slurred out in the most flaming effeminate tone of voice, "may I take your wrap?" 

She slowly let the shawl peel off her body and bared those magnificent breasts to everyone. A scintillating shade of pink mingled with her tanned flesh as her rosebuds grew larger and harder than she had ever seen or felt before. Pleased to the point of envy the Vinyl Man showed her to the main hall.

The hall was laid out in tiers much like the Hollywood bowl or any amphitheater with two exceptions. There were operalike loges along the upper walls with glass extending fully from the ceiling to their floors and the other exception was that each tier was possibly 25 meters wide on every level. Beds, Loveseats and benches were everywhere and in some areas there was nothing but large pillows. Everywhere Christo looked she saw people fornicating and a wicked grin formed her face into gleeful approval. At first on the main floor's upper levels what she saw was grotesque people that seemed barely more than animals and beasts, themselves, and she marveled at their elaborate costumes. 

One such animal tried to make a lunge at her and she watched as the Vinyl Man viciously beat the fellow back. Her eyes grew very wide when she saw the size of the Man/Beast's hard cock. It must have been ten inches long and so wide she couldn't have gotten her hand around it if she wanted too. For a second, in her confusion, she thought she heard the thing break something in it's spine as it bent so far and began to slurp and suck on it's own huge dick after recoiling A tinge of fright enveloped her as she could feel her sphincter muscle clamp shut in self defense. 

She reported to Vinyl Man, "Those costumes are so good! The people back there look like real animals!" 

Vinyl Man simply responded, "Oh they are! This way, dear." and he led her further down toward the center of the room. As she had suspected any sexual persuasion was permitted by the Dungeon Master. Her other suspicion was confirmed as the Vinyl Man was stopped by a callow gentleman who lazily sucked his dick to it's full arousal. 

As the Vinyl Man apologized, "I'm sorry for this interruption, it won't take long. He does this so well!"

Christiol admonished him, "Enjoy it, I love watching two men doing this!" 

Warmth flowed from her aching vagina up through her breasts and she felt a most pleasant buzz in her head. She didn't know why watching a man suck another's cock turned her on, but it did and she couldn't keep her fingers from teasing her pussy as her proximity allowed her to languish in the slurping sounds the greedy man made. As Vinyl Man arched his back she knew he was blasting his ropes into the other man's mouth. 
