 Melissa had been interested in lucid dreaming ever since she first discovered it. But no matter what she had tried, she'd never been able to remember her dreams, let alone control them. 

Tonight things were different.

-

Just as she stood up from her desk, she felt that something was off. 

'I feel like I'm dreaming.' She told Nathalie, who was working next to her. 'Hey, Nat.' Melissa tried to catch her colleague's attention. 'Nathalie!' 

She started to panic. 

Without saying goodbye, she left the office and ran back home through the forest. A crow attacked her, but just before it could pick at her, she ducked away behind a three. Suddenly she was standing on a strange podium, in the middle of dozens of spotlights.

'Finally! Our contestant arrived! Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce you to the gorgeous, sensuous, sexual, one-and-only Melissa Griffin!'

A wave of applause blasted out from behind the spotlights. 

´Thank you, Stephen.' Melissa was glad to see that Stephen, her husband, was hosting the gameshow tonight. He was standing on an elevated podium besides her, looking quite handsome in his new suit.

'No, my dear contestant. From now on you may call me Gamemaster! Or Master for short.' Stephen bowed deeply at the audience. They went wild again and even Melissa couldn't help but grin at the dumb joke.

'So Melissa, since you're new. Let me explain the rules to SLUTTIFY-ME. The first rule's easy, If you lose a game you get... 

'SLUTTIFIED!' The audience chanted.

'That's right. But don't be scared, you'll always be given three options to choose from. The second rule is just as simple. During every game, you can request help to complete it by screaming...?

´Help!' The audience answered.

'Now, Melissa, knowing this, will you accept the game?'

Melissa frowned. 'What happens if I win?' 

'When you finish a game with help, you simply wake up. But only when you finish a game without using HELP will you finish the game forever. But don't be sad, I'm sure you won't leave the show before you've been...'

'SLUTTIFIED!' The audience went wild again and Melissa had to plug her ears not to turn deaf by the sound.

Despite her headache, she laughed at her own stupidity. She had almost forgotten that this was all happening in her own imagination. She was finally having a lucid dream. This could be great. 

'It seems our contestant accepts! Ladies and gentlemen, what a fabulous beginning of this evening. Melissa, are you ready for your first game?'

'I hope so, Master.' Shit, she hadn't wanted to call him that. Oh, well. Maybe she could play along for a while. 

'So, the game we play will be decided by our audience. So dear audience, your choices of tonight are: 'Swimming with whales', 'Crossing the Bridge' or 'Minding the Gap!'

Stephen gave them a minute to make their choice. 

'Crossing the Bridge it is! Are you excited, Melissa?'

She shrugged her shoulders. 

'It's simple, really. All you have to do is cross this bridge-.'

Stephen pointed at the small bridge that had appeared on stage. Melissa was almost disappointed by how easy this game seemed to be.

'-in these heels!' 

A pair of ridiculously heels rose up from the ground in front of her. They were impossibly high. Melissa couldn't imagine being able to walk on them, but what was the harm in trying.

She kicked of her old sneakers and tried to force her toes inside. 'They don't even fit' Realising that it was just a dream, she tried to will the shoes a few sizes bigger. 

'Oh.' Melissa gasped as her heel popped in. They hadn't grown a bit, and they hurt like hell. 

'Help!' She cried.

As if by magic, her foot relaxed inside the heel. Without any trouble, she fastened the second shoe on her other foot and despite their ridiculous height, she stood up with ease.

The audiences went wild again as she strode across the small bridge.

'No sluttifications this time, but look at those feet!' Her husband shouted. 'Arched and balanced like those of a ballerina. Our sweet contester will never wear sneakers again!' 

Blushing at all the attention, Melissa sat down and took the heels off. He could say whatever he wanted, but she'd always prefer her own comfy shoes over these hysterical things. 

But as the heels slid off, Melissa found that she was unable to bend her ankles back to normal.

'What have you done to me?' She asked, and tried to flex her feet back with her hands. 

'It looks like our contestant found out about the implications of 'help', You see, dear audience, any use of 'help' is as permanent as our SLUTTIFY punishments. The changes will never be undone!' 

'What?' Melissa looked with horror at her feet. She tried to stand up, but without the support of her heels, it felt like her toes were crushed underneath her. 

-

Melissa woke up as she hit the ground. 

'What's wrong honey? A nightmare?' Stephen shook her shoulder.

'Agh, agh. No, no my feet! Something is wrong!'

Stephen pulled of the blanket and frowned his forehead as he saw her legs. 'Ah, that looks painful. Can you still move your toes?' 

'I don't know. Please. Oh, god.' Melissa grimassed as a cramp shot through her..

For the next hour or so, she let Stephen massage her feet to let them relax, but whatever he tried, her ankles stayed stiff and cramped up. They wouldn't bend an inch.

'I can't go to the office like this.' She whimpered.

'Do you have any idea what happened? Was it a dream?' He looked at her worriedly.

'You know I never remember my dreams.' Melissa bit back at him. 'I'm sorry. Just give me my phone.'

After she texted her boss and Nathalie, Stephen did the same for his own job and went downstairs to prepare breakfast.

When he got back, Melissa had made up her mind. 'I want to see a doctor.' She said 'Today.'

'Are you sure? Maybe it's just a cramp. Lets-'

'But it's been hours, Steve.' Tears welled up in her eyes again. 'It hurts. and I can't even walk.'

5 hours later, Stephen carried her out of the doctor's clinic back to the passenger's seat of her car.

'I can't believe they didn't find anything! Not even on those fucking x-rays' Melissa shook her head. 'And when he told me to try wearing heels! Can you believe that? What do we even pay doctors for?'

Stephen fastened his seatbelt and sighed.

'Why don't we try it? If he says it's better for you.'

'You're ridiculous. I'm sure it'll be over tomorrow.' 

Stephen sighed and drove her home, where he carried her to the couch, ordered pizza, watched a movie she picked, and later that night, he carried her back upstairs to their bedroom.

It was humiliating to let him carry her all the time, but she still flinched with pain any time she tried to walk on her own. But at least the cramps had stopped. If she sat down she was okay..

'Tomorrow we're trying those heels.' Stephen muttered as he kissed her neck.

Melissa didn't respond to that. She really wasn't in the mood and pushed away from him to turn off the lights. Today had been crazy. She just wanted to go back to sleep.