 Melissa woke up blinded by a wall of spotlights around her. She was wearing the same ridiculous heels as the previous night. But now they felt strangely comfortable to her. 

Melissa shook her head. She remembered her dream of last night again. But it didn't make any sense. If this whole thing was just a dream, then how had it affected her feet so much after she woke up?

'What is this? Where am I?' She shouted at the wall of lights.

From the stage above her, she heard her husband's voice. 'It seems our dear contestant realised this gameshow isn't as innocent as she previously thought!'

The audience laughed. 

'This can't be real. Where am I?' 

'You're right, sweetheart. You're dreaming, safe and sound in your own warm bed.'

'No,I can't be.' Melissa protested, although something inside her told her he was telling the truth. None of this was real, but at the same time, it was all really happening to her body.

'I told you last time, didn't I? Everything you do has consequences. Every punishment or cry for help will have permanent effects.'

'Wake up, wake up, wake up!' Melissa tried to will herself awake. But it didn't help. She was stuck in this stupid gameshow.

'Let me go.' She begged.

'Oh, but I will.' Her husband smiled. 'After you win the game, you'll leave the show for good.'

Melissa stared at him. His smile made her sick to her stomach.

'And now, the moment you've all been waiting for! Here are your choices for the game of tonight.' 

Her husband drew out a card from his pocket.

'It will be Don't Touch, Hanging There, or Don't be Mad.'

Melissa waited speechlessly until the audience had selected the game, which turned out to be Hanging There. It was an easy game, Stephen explained. She just had to hold onto the the bar until the bell rang. 

But as Melissa grabbed onto the bar that had appeared on stage, she realised she'd forgotten to ask one important question. She had no idea how long she'd have to hang here.

She opened her mouth to ask him, but before she even said something, Stephen interrupted her.

'Remember, only 'help' will make me help you once the game has started, sweetheart. So more questions either. Now good luck!' 

Melissa gritted her teeth as the bar was risen up just a bit higher. Even with her heels, she was just an inch removed from being able to touch the floor. She tried to calm herself. 'I won't fail. It's just a dream. It's all in my mind. I will hold on until I wake up, for hours if I have to.' She thought. 

But as the minutes went by, the pain in her shoulders was getting harder and harder to ignore. She tried to focus on her breath instead. It didn't help. 'Think about the pain in your feet yesterday' She thought. 'Compared to that, this is nothing.' Slowly she began to feel like she could do it.

But after what felt like ages, her hands began to cramp up so much that they became numb. Her shoulders were really burning now, but she wouldn't give up. 'Wake up, wake up, wake up.' Was all she tried to focus on.

Suddenly, she felt her feet touch the ground. She hadn't even noticed when her sweaty hands had slipped from the bar, but now it was too late.

'SLUTTIFY! SLUTTIFY! SLUTTIFY!' The audience began to chant.

'That's right people, it's time for our first round of SLUTTIFY-ME!'

Melissa stared at her husband in shock. This couldn't be happening.

'Congratulations with your first punishment. Your options to choose from will be-' Stephen took a card from hs pocket and read it. 'Bubblegum Bob, Snowy Straight, or Savage Scarlet'

Melissa couldn't answer him.

'What will it be, Melissa, you have ten seconds to choose. 10, 9, 8, 7...'

'Ehh, ehh, Snowy straight!' Melissa responded. Those 'punishments' probably referred to hair dyes, and this one sounded the least horrible.

'And it's done! Let's see what our contestants reaction is when she sees herself in the mirror.' 

-

Melissa woke up from her own screaming.

'What is it sweety? Your feet again?' 

She wiped her wet cheeks and let her hands glide down her legs. Her ankles were still fixed straight, but at least they didn't hurt anymore. Just a slow burning ache. It was hard to ignore.

She pushed her legs over the edge of their bed, but much to her regret, she was still unable to walk on the tips of her toes.

While Stephen prepared breakfast downstairs, Melissa's attention kept coming back to her hair. There was something off about the dirty blonde waves that she normally liked so much. She couldn't put a finger on it, but it felt strange.

When Stephen came back with food, she asked him to help her into the bathtub before he went out for work and to buy the heels her doctor had recommended.

'Are you sure you'll be fine today?' He asked.

Melissa nodded. 'I'll be fine. Just don't buy anything too crazy okay? Plain boots or something are fine.' She rubbed her stiff ankles once more, but again, the muscles wouldn't relax.

After her bath, Melanie crawled back in bed. She decided that picking clothes from the closet would be impossible now, so she spend the rest of the day browsing the internet, naked in her bed. She also played some with herself, something that she normally felt a bit embarrassed about when Stephen was home.

-

'5 inches? Isn't that a bit much?' Melissa said Stephen handed her new boots over to her... 'And are these even supportive?'

'It's the size your doctor recommended. I really couldn't find any with a broader heel.'

Melissa turned the boots over. 'But these are like needles.'

She saw the look on her husbands face. 'I'm sorry Steve. I'll try them on, okay?'

She bent over and slit her feet slide inside. 'They fit!' Even the zipper closed nicely around her calves. They firm black leather went all the way up to her knees.

Maybe they weren't the shoes that she'd normally wear,, but at least now, for the first time since yesterday, her feet could finally relax. 'They're perfect, honey.' 

Melissa stood up and kissed her husband. It was so easy to stand on the tip of her toes and the thin needles, it made her jump up in excitement. Which made her fall down on the bed again.

'Wow, sweety, take it easy. Can you walk?' 

Melissa grinned and took Stephen's hand.

'I guess?' She took a few steps, then almost danced back and forth through the room a few times. 'I can walk! I can walk!' Tears of joy and relief welled up in her eyes.

She walked to the closet, took out her underwear and a nice dress.

But as she dressed up, she saw herself in the mirror again, and that strange feeling returned. What was wrong with her today? Her hair was so weird today.

'What time is it?' Melissa checked her phone. 'Not too late. I think I'll go for a little walk in the city.' 

'Oh but...' 

She was already down the stairs before Stephen finished his sentence.

'Just be careful honey!' He shouted down the stairs.

-

It was two hours later that she returned home. Immediately after slamming the door shut, she bursted out in tears.

'Melissa, what is... What did you do to your hair?' Stephen's eyes went wide as he left the kitchen and saw her. An apron hung from his chest...

Melissa twisted the straightened white locks between her fingers. 'I don't know. It just h-happened.' Her voice broke and she almost collapsed on her knees, but in the blink of an eye, Stephen was there to catch her. He hugged her tightly.

'Did you get a refund? Maybe you can still change the color?' 

'No.' Melissa sobbed onto her husbands shoulder. 'No, it wasn't their fault.'

'Not their fault? But look what they...'

'Can we not talk about it?' She sniffed her nose. 'I'll just go back tomorrow. Maybe they can fix it.'

'But...' stephen looked down at her eyes and visibly swallowed back his questions. 'I still think you're beautiful, sweetheart.' He kissed her hair. Then her lips. 'You're always beautiful to me.'

Melissa kissed him back. Which felt strange now that she was almost on the same height as him.

After a great dinner, he proved how much he loved her in the bedroom. He was so sweet, so caring and gentle. Stephen did everything he'd found out she liked during their marriage.

On days like these, Melissa didn't even know what she'd done to deserve a man like him. 

She fell asleep with a deep smile on her face.