 'Welcome to the third round of...?'

'SLUTTIFY-ME'

Melannie blinked as the familiar stage-lights blinded her. Her husband was standing on his stage again, and like last times, the invisible audience applauded with deafening sound from behind the wall of lights.

'Tonight is a very special day, dear audience.' Stephen spread his arms. 'Because starting tonight, every game will be preceded by one of our magical bonus rounds!' 

The audience went wild. Mellanie tried to plug her ears with her fingers, but it barely helped.

'The theme for bonus round one will be: slutty walks! Dear Melissa, you may choose between three transformations. Tell us, what will it be: 'Step by Step', 'Sexy Sway' or 'Showing Squads'?

'What? But I didn't even fail a game yet!' 

'That's why it's called a bonus-round, sweety. Also, don't forget your time is ticking. So, what will it be?'

'Fuck this.' Melissa crossed her arms. 'I'm not doing your stupid games anymore.'

'3, 2, 1. Time's out and our contestant has failed to make a choice. As a consequence, all three punishments will be selected!'

'What? No wait, that's not fair!' 

'You should have thought about that before making your decision, sweetheart.'

Melissa felt something warm spread from her spine, through her legs, to the tips of her feet. 

'What did you do to me?' Melissa asked. She didn't feel any different after the tingeling was gone.

'Please dear, show us your new sexy walk!' 

Melissa carefully took a step forward. Then another. As she'd expected, her hips swayed a bit when she did that. But what were the other transformations?

'As you can see, thanks to 'Sexy Sway', our contestant now walks with a perfect sway of the hips. 'Showing Squads will make her want to train and show off her ass, and my personal favourite, 'Step by Step', means that every step now requires a lot more concentration from our dear contestants. 

'Try walking around a bit more for us, Melissa.'

Melissa folded her arms together and glared up at him in a silent protest. 

'Hmm, looks like our little contestant isn't feeling all that submissive today. Hopefully our next game will change that.'

The audience broke out in hysterical laughter.

Stephen took a card from his pocket and read the next game to the audience. As they made their choice, Stephen's clapped his hands in excitement.

'Needed Deeper it is then! Okay Melissa, let me explain. This game is really simple, all you have to do is remember what you did when I went away for work this afternoon. But here's the catch: when you orgasm, you lose!' 

In the blink of an eye, Mellany found herself lying on her own bed. She was still surrounded by the stage lights, but now she was naked. And without being able to stop it, her fingers moved down to rub her clit, just like she'd done that afternoon.

Already, she could feel her heartbeat rise. She tried to stop her body from moving. But it didn't work. She was stuck, slowly losing to her pleasure. Closer and closer to climaxing with no way to stop it. No, she couldn't lose another game! She couldn't have an orgasm in front of this many people! 

'Help!' She cried out, and not a second too late.

'You're safe now, sweety.' She heard her husband say with a smile.

And as he promised, Melissa felt her climax cool down. At first she was glad for it, but then the realisation hit her. What if she was never able to orgasm again? What had he done to her?

'Congratulations on winning tonight's game, Melissa. Have fun with your new sluttified body. We'll see you back tomorrow!' 

-

With a loud gasp, Melissa woke up from her sleep. Had she been dreaming? She felt like she had, but like always, she couldn't remember a thing.

Melissa yawned and looked at the alarm. Only two more minutes before they had to get up for work. She'd already texted her boss yesterday, so there was no excuse not to go today.

'Hey, are you awake?' She asked her husband.

'Hmmm.' He stretched his arms and folded them around her. With a small pull, he pressed her body against his own.

'Stephen stop that. We have to...'

Melissa smiled when she felt his morning wood. 'Maybe there's time for one quick go.' She turned around to face him.

Stephen kissed her neck while he crawled on top of her. 

'I love you.'

'I love you too.' Melissa answered and opened her legs for him. Like always, she gasped slightly as his wood entered her. 

But then she realised something was wrong.

'Wait, what's...' 

'No.' Stephen kissed her on the lips. 'Talking.' Without much more foreplay, he began sliding in and out in a slow, steady rhythm. He was careful to rub her clit with each movement of his hips, but for some reason, it wasn't enough today. Stephen had always been on the shorter side, but especially today it felt like he barely entered her when he pushed into her.

'Ah, deeper.' She moaned. The deep aching within her made her shiver with anticipation. 

But then, without any warning, he came. 

'Shit, I wasn't ready yet.'

Stephen smiled at her and bent down to eat her out, but after a few licks of his tongue, Melissa knew that this wasn't going to do it for her today.

'Let's try again tonight.' She said, with a disappointed smile.

-

That day, work was a complete disaster. 

She felt self conscious about her now snow-white hair. She knew it looked incredibly ridiculous and fake, but at least she'd been able to convince her colleagues that it had been a mistake from the hairdressers. Her colleague Nicole even tried to promise her she'd come with her when she was going back there to get her money back.

At least her impossibly high needle heels didn't get as much attention as she'd feared. Some a few guys commented on it or made jokes about it during the lunch break, but nobody really seemed to care for it that much.

Strangely enough, the thing she felt most uncomfortable about that day was her skirt. She'd always loved this one, but today she couldn't shake the feeling of not filling it out enough. During the whole day, she kept pulling on it to. And while going to the bathroom, she almost couldn't stop herself from doing some squads. That was a bit freaky.

For the most part of the day, she was glad just to sit on her desk and concentrate on her work. She still had to catch up on so much that she missed yesterday. When she realised she wouldn't get it done before dinner, she took a short break to get some fast food from the opposite side of the street and called Stephen to tell him she'd be late tonight. 

It was probably because of the heels, but she couldn't help swaying her hips a bit with every step she took. And when Stephen answered her, she realised she had to stand still on the middle of the sidewalk in order to focus on the conversation.

-

Even though she only got home at 10 pm, she didn't object when Stephen started kissing her in bed. But like that morning, when he started licking her out as foreplay it didn't do much to her. All she wanted was to feel him deep inside her. But despite him trying it a bit rougher than normal, he wasn't able to reach that throbbing spot inside of her.

Tired and frustrated, she faked a small orgasm at the moment he reached his climax and fell asleep more horny and frustrated than she'd been in years.