 'So, Melissa, what will it be? 'Grinning Giggles' 'Happy Words' Or 'Slow Learner'.'

'Please Stephen. I don't want to do this anymore!' Melissa said, tears streaming down her face.

'7...6...5'

'Stephen!'

'4...3...2...'

'Happy words then!' Melissa screamed in panic at him. She didn't want to lose her intelligence or start giggling like a crazy person.

'Happy Words it is! Come on Melissa, say something to the audience.'

'No thank you, Steve.' Melissa tried to add sarcasm to the words, but like she'd feared, her voice just sounded light and bubbly.

'That's weird. I can't use bad words anymore.' She tried to curse, but her mouth simply opened and closed silently.

'That's right. We completely got rid of all those bad words you used before. Now, let's start with the main event! Audience, tell us what game you picked.'

'Say cheese!' They shouted as one.

'Of course, because who doesn't want our happy girl's face to match her words?' Stephen paused as the audience let out a deafening laughter. 'With that said, let us start!' He shouted. 'Our contestant will try to hold her smile while watching a few videos we prepared for her. But of course, there's a catch. If her smile fades for even a second, our dear contestant will get...'

'SLUTTIFIED!' The audience screamed.

Melissa blinked, and when she opened her eyes again, a tv screen had appeared in front of her. It showed short funny home videos with a sad blue smiley in the corner.

'You'll have to do better before we can start the game. Come on, sweetheart. Show us those teeth!' 

Melissa forced her herself to grin, and the smiley on screen turned neutral and yellow. 

'Come on, I'm sure you can do better than that. Smile with your eyes!' 

Melissa tried to follow his instructions and slowly the emoji turned into a green smiley. She wouldn't ask for any help this time. This she could do for days if it meant freedom from this nightmare.

After the first ten homevideos, the scenes started to changed. Some people were naked now, and they looked sluttier with every clip. As more and more people were replaced by cheap-looking bimbo's, the smiley on screen started to flicker back and forth between the green smiley and the yellow neutral one. And just as she felt like she got her face back under control, the faces of the bimbo's suddenly all got replaced by her own face, moaning as if in an extremely fake orgasm.

Before she could stop it, the smiley on screen turned red and angry, just like her own face.

'Too bad, Melissa. Seems like you failed the game again. By now you know our rules. Please choose your punishment from the following three options.' Stephen held up three big cards with the names of three punishments written on them. He read them out loud. 'Slutty Smears', 'Screaming Sex' or 'Full Drag.' 

She wouldn't let him give her three punishments like last night, so she decided quickly.

'I don't know, Steve. Maybe Screaming Sex isn't so bad?' Her fake voice twinkled across the stage. Her stupid happy words making it sound as if she wanted this.

'I'm sure you'll be happy with that choice, dear Melissa. I promise that from now on, you'll never forget to apply your sexy makeup!' Stephen clapped his hands, and the stage disappeared.

-

Melissa woke up one hour before her alarm would go off with a slight headache. Maybe a quick shower would help. Since she hadn't had the time to wash it yesterday, her hair was really feeling gross.

Afraid to find them still locked, she inspected her ankles. And when she felt how stiff and straight they still were, she could barely keep her curses quiet to not wake up Stephen. Feeling incredibly humiliated, she had to crawl to the bathroom on hands and knees.

Without her shoes to stand on, Melissa simply knelt down in the bathtub and turned on the showerhead to wash herself.

After she'd dried off, she sat down in front of the mirror and started to apply her makeup. She sighed deeply as she saw how much she'd need today.

The bags under her eyes were really bad, so they needed lots of foundation and concealer, which meant that the rest of her skin also needed more to balance it out. With the extra foundation, her face always looked a bit like a mask, so she put on some extra contouring to bring back the shape to her features. The deep contouring might look a bit unprofessional in broad daylight, but if she combined it with a deeper shade of red and a ticker line of black on her lips and eyelids, it looked perfect for a good night clubbing. 

Of course today was just a normal day at work, so she held back and didn't put any fake eyelashes on, she just curled her own and applied some mascara to them. As a reward for her self-restraint, she applied a generous amount of highlighter on her nose bridge and cheek bones. As she wouldn't have much time for retouching at work, she covered herself in setting spray and admired herself in the mirror. Maybe she'd gone a bit overboard today, but since it had taken an hour to apply everything, there was no time to change it now. And although it wasn't her most professional look, nobody could deny that she looked absolutely stunning, sexy even.

Melissa crawled back to her heels and fastened them around her feet. Now she was able to stand up and pick her outfit of today. A white blouse and a black skirt and blazer like always, but feeling kinky after her sexy make-over, she picked out a shorter skirt than yesterday. She felt like her hips were still too skinny, but at least this skirt hugged the little curves she had a little tighter.

During breakfast, Stephen was way too hurried to notice her makeup or change of skirt, but as soon as she arrived at work, she immediately started receiving weird looks of both the men and women on her department. There were some comments about her hair and heels again, but nobody, not even Nathalie, said anything about the thick layers of makeup on her face. They just stared.

At lunchtime, Nathalie had asked her if she was feeling okay. She'd offered to join her for the hairdresser again, but although Melissa had wanted to tell her meddlesome colleague to just leave her alone, she held back her annoyance, thanked Nathalie for the offer, and politely declined.

And now she was standing in front of the hair salon again. She'd been standing here for over half an hour and people were probably starting to think she was crazy. The longer she stared at herself in the reflective windows, the harder it was to say goodbye to her hair. Maybe it looked fake, maybe it wasn't professional, but somehow she couldn't imagine herself with any other coupe. 

Finally, she decided not to go today. She could tell everybody that they had been too busy for her. Yes, that was it. She'd forgotten to make an appointment, and then there hadn't been any place for her. 

Melissa smiled and continued walking back to her car. During her walk, she thought she felt some men and women stare at her, or maybe that could be her imagination? Maybe she could sway a bit less with her hips? No, that only made walking harder. And the high heels already took so much of her concentration. Thinking about other stuff than just getting to her car made her head hurt.

That evening, her sex with Stephen felt again surface-level and unsatisfying. When Stephen finally fell asleep she slipped out of bed and crawled back to the bathroom. She sat down on the toilet and tried to reach that throbbing need inside her, but as she realised the spot was just out of reach, she held back a curse and sighed deeply.

She didn't forget to rub the layers of makeup from her face. And tired and horny, she crawled back to bed and fell down next to her already snoring husband. Annoyed that she'd have to reapply everything all over again tomorrow, she set her alarm an hour early so that she'd have enough time to do her make-up, and let herself fall into a deep, dreamless sleep.

Or so she thought.