 When Marla got back from the bathroom and bandaged the tears in Andrea's ass, Alexander suddenly entered her. Picking up the vibrator again, he shoved it brutally up Cherry's butt, making her squeal. While he did this, he stuck two fingers inside Michelle's cunt, as if it to say that she wasn't off the hook yet. 

"Get out of me!" Marla demanded in her head to the ghost possessing her.

"No thanks! I'm having FAR TOO MUCH FUN to do that!" Alexander refused with a devious laugh.

"I'm sorry that you died and Andrea cheated on you, but do you have to ruin everyone's life for that?" she furiously asked him.

"Who says that I'm ruining anything? Don't worry. It's not cheating for them to do it, if I AM in control of their bodies and the house. Besides, 2 of them have unfaithful husbands and another one has just gotten divorced. One of them, of course, is a widow. You are a swinger. I don't see a problem here," he commented. 

"But, this is RAPE, Alexander! You're better than that! I can understand getting back at Andrea, but do you have to assault all of her friends?" she cried.

"Like these friends of hers are so innocent? They knew about her affairs, felt bad about them, and didn't tell me because they couldn't bear to snitch on their friend, even to another friend. Doesn't stop them from gossiping about everyone and looking down on me for being a cuckold. That includes you and don't deny it! You're all guilty of protecting her secret, which, as I said earlier, is why you deserve to be punished," he insisted.

"Touche, Alex, but please let us go. I can't stand being made to brutally sodomize my friend! It would be different if she were enjoying herself, but she's clearly not! Take pity on us! You've gotten back at us by now, surely! Leave us alone!" she begged him. 

"NO! You will all suffer! You MUST all suffer! I will make you regret never telling me what she did, just as I will make HER regret fucking around on me! If she wanted an open marriage, she could have asked for one. As long as it had been fair to both of us, I would have agreed to it. Instead, she lied to me and withheld sex from me. She is a cheating, lying, heartless bitch! And you're not the friend that I thought you were to me. Otherwise, you'd have told me about her adultery, instead of keeping her secret double life from me," he thundered at her.

"PLEASE, Alex, stop this! I BEG you! I know that I was not the best kind of friend to you that I could have been, but I DID try to get her to stop her affairs and put out for you. I promise you that I did!" she shouted in her head.

"I know that you did, which is why I have been nicer to you than the rest of these bitches. Believe me, my friend, you will get off a slap on the wrist compared to them. They are going to pay dearly for their mistakes. I have a few more things to do to your friends. Then, I'll focus completely on punishing Andrea. By the time I am finished with her, she'll have to wear a strait-jacket. I'm going to drive her totally insane. That's my revenge. I'll ruin her life and take away the career for which she broke her promise to me. I'll destroy what she whored so much to get!" he shouted. 

"So, you're going to leave us alone after tonight?" Marla asked tentatively.

"Yes. After tonight, only Andrea will suffer my wrath, as her offense was far worse than those of the rest of you. Now, I want to have some more fun, damn it!" the ghost insisted loudly. 

Alexander/Marla shoved his/her ass into Andrea's face, making his widow kiss it. He began using her friend's butt-crack to get his wife to rim him. While not keen on anilingus, Mrs. Wallace didn't have much choice about licking the witch's bottom. He continued to sodomize Cherry and finger Michelle while he enjoyed Andrea's mouth and tongue. 

"Susan and Marina, come here and have your way with my widow. Feel free to use her pussy and ass for your pleasure. I want her to turn her on, but give her NO relief. She is NOT to cum! Is that clear?" Alex commanded the two other women who had attended the séance. 

A mixture of fear and lust caused the girls to obey the spirit possessing Marla. Susan put herself underneath Andrea, tasting her ass. Meanwhile, Marina got on top of Susan and rubbed her cunt against her friend's, eating her hostess's pussy. Every time that Andrea got too close to a climax, however, the ladies stopped sucking clit, twat, and butt. They, of course, got to cum. 

"Ah, fuuuuck!" Cherry screamed as she also experienced an orgasm from the vibe in Marla's hand that was buried in her sphincter.

Marla's and Michelle's release followed shortly afterward. To Alexander, such things were nice, but irrelevant. What mattered was the suffering and frustration of his widow. He wanted to hurt her more. 

There was an unplanned effect of this spectral sex, nevertheless. Susan and Marina enjoyed the sensation of each other's clits and pussies rubbing against them a little more than Alex or either of them planned. The divorcee and her single Israeli friend decided to explore their newly discovered bi-sexual tendencies. 

After the women left the house, Alexander began knocking things around. Andrea saw bathroom mirror break when she entered the room to shower and clean up. The TV kept switching to porn channels, despite her efforts to prevent that. Finally exasperated, she threw the remote at the wall and broke it. An angry ghost then selected an alternate remote and caused it to seemingly levitate. 

"Please, just STOP, Alex! Hear me! I know you're still here! Why don't you just find a nice lady ghost and fuck her crazy!" Andrea screamed.

"NO, you stupid cunt! Do you really think that I'm going to stop short of making you suffer complete ruin? You're going to pay for what you did to me, slut!" the ghost's outraged voice came through the stereo speakers. 

"Oh, just HOW are you going to 'ruin' me?" she defiantly taunted him, which proved to be very unwise of her.

"By making you insane, tramp! I'm going to give you no rest. Your life will be the closest thing to an actual hell that there ever was! I will fuck your mind up so totally, that you won't be able to focus on anything other than the whiteness of your room in the psych ward! You damned fool! I'm going to break you!" he shrieked at her. 

Andrea found out, much to her terror, that her late husband was as good (or evil, depending upon your point of view) as his word. She tried desperately to sleep, but he kept screaming at her all night long through the vents. He affected the shower, making it too cold and hot several times. He knocked over her cereal bowl, spilling the multi-grain, high-fiber cereal that she finally managed to pour for herself. 

When she tried to shave her legs, he made sure that she nicked herself. He deliberately caused her to miss her exit and arrive to work late. He threw away her files and messed with her computer. Finally, she screamed angrily at him and cut herself, which caused the whole office to think that she had gone nuts.

Her boss gave her an extended leave of absence, but her career was irrevocably affected by her apparent mental instability. When Marla visited her in the hospital, it was evident that her old friend had gone completely downhill. 

"Are you better?" she asked Andrea.

"Why the fuck do you care, Alex? You hate me!" the woman snorted angrily.

"It's Marla, not Alex. I'm your girlfriend, remember? I am worried about you," the witch tried to explain.

"Stop teasing me with your lies, Alex! I know that you're pretending to be my friend! Leave me alone!" the seriously disturbed and obviously delusional woman screamed at her.

Marla knocked on the door, the guard opened it, and then it slammed behind her. She now knew that Alexander's ghost had carried out his threat. He had pushed Andrea over the brink. She was a real lunatic now. It was largely her own fault, but Marla still felt awful about the revenge that the spirit of Alexander Wallace had exacted. Clearly, he had been justified. Just as evidently, however, he had embodied the full effects of the "3 times rule" of Wicca. Still, he was a ghost, and they were beyond human laws and ethics. 

The witch was glad that she was a swinger, not a cheater. She couldn't bear to deal with that kind of wrath and pain. She also would think twice about her next séance before she went to it. This was one experience of communion with the dead that still gave her the shivers and goose bumps. 

Alexander, for his part, having made his peace with the past, entered the chamber of Osiris in a state of calm. He could face whatever judgment the God of the dead imposed, knowing that he had punished only the guilty and was therefore innocent of evil himself.