 Day Five:

I watched Emily from behind as we wandered the fields in the late afternoon. We'd left the woods behind us about five miles after we'd left the farm house and we were now walking along in open fields full of wheat that had never been harvested. It was pretty good cover from the road which was only about a hundred yards to our left.

Emily wore a red and white checked shirt that was too big for her, the sleeves rolled up to her elbows and the tails tucked in. Still, as ever with men's shirts over the female form, the end result was pretty enticing all the same.

The baggy jeans were also too big for her and she had had to buckle a big old leather belt around her waist to hold them in place and turn up the legs three times. The cinched in waist pulled them up tight against her ass though and the view was very nice from where I was.

I wanted to throw her down amongst the wheat and fuck that ass right now, but I knew the noise and the obvious shaking of the wheat stalks would be a dead give away to anyone near by, so I held off my desire.

We had slaked our lusts in the morning anyway.

I had woken up with a tremendous boner, maintained its state with a gulped down Viagra tablet and then looked over at the object of my hard on.

Emily was right there, half draped over me and snoring softly into the crook of my neck. I gently eased away from her and she rolled onto her back, then I threw the duvet off us and feasted my eyes on her ripe young body.

She was naked and her legs were already half spread, so I immediately got down between them, eased them further apart and started to lick at her pussy. 

As I licked, I watched her vulva swell and the hot pink lips spread to expose her inner folds and clitoris. She moaned and then let out a long undulating groan and smiled sleepily. I buried my tongue in her snatch and went to town.

She woke up right away and I tongue lashed her to a quick and vocal climax, switching halfway through to her clit and giving it a good working over. Once she was panting and stroking at my lanky brown hair, I reared up and lay between her spread thighs and drove my solid hard on into her hot, swolloen pussy. She arched and let out a kind of breathy gasp of shock at being filled so suddenly and deeply. 

But I didn't give her a moment and started to fuck her with quick, full length strokes.

"Jay, not in my pussy, please! It's not right. I..." 

She let out a long exhale, blowing through her pursed lips as the lubricated friction of cock flesh and vaginal walls started to get to her.

"...I don't... Ohhhh... God!" She tried to protest but it was all in word and not deed.

"Oh... Fuck me, that feels good. Mmmm. Yes. I've missed this! Shag me Jay, stuff me to bursting with that fat cock. Oh yes, Jay Oh God!"

And she climaxed right then and there, bucking and jerking and writhing under me, her pussy gushing fluid all over my thrusting erection. She was making so much noise, high gasping wails and moans, that she shoved her fist into her mouth to stifle her own crescendo.

The feel of her contracting pussy, her liquid climax, her vocal reaction and her mouthwatering sex-face expressions were more than enough to get me off too.

Though I didn't put much weight in Dean's insistence in the dangers of pregnancy in this apocalyptic world, I still wasn't prepared to tempt fate so I jerked my swelling, tightening cock out of her heavenly pussy and gave it a couple of tugs and blasted the contents of my bloated balls all over Emily's body.

It hit her from her pubic mound right up the length of her body, into her hair. My hot spunk splashed her face, her quivering tits, her palpitating stomach and everywhere in between, in a half dozen strong liquid ropes and splattered droplets.

Wheezing and basking in the afterglow of my orgasm, I rolled off Emily and lay beside her panting and trying not to fall into fits of giddy post climatic laughter.

"Ohhhh. Fuck. Oh God. Oh Goddamn that was good, Jay. I haven't had my pussy filled like that in sooo long. Oh Jesus." Emily groaned.

"Don't know why you're such a good fuck Jay, but thank you. Mmmmm." She sighed, her own glee clearly audible in her soft, throaty voice.

We had snoozed together for a while but eventually got up and made our move to leave. We had taken an extra hour to nip down to the stream to bathe first and replenish our supplies of drinking water and then by noon we were on our way.

*****

It was overcast, the clouds gray and heavy, approaching but not quite stormy. Fortunately, there wasn't much wind at least.

The first point of interest we came across was from a hillside, past the farms and overlooking the road that was matching our direction.

The grass was long here, a deep emerald, like moss but ankle deep. The hill peaked and gave us a sodden and very gray view of rain misted rolling hills and rocky patches that spread out before us, criss-crossed by a few minor roads. And right though the middle of the scene, moving left to right and off into the distance in what I judged to be north was a great expanse of flattened grass, as though a huge stream roller had driven through the area, or a stampeding herd of cattle or something. 

As we got closer I could smell a trace of the reek of rotten flesh. A horde of zombies had passed though here. To Emily though, the stench seemed a lot stronger, she wrinkled her nose, pulling a face and pressing the back of her hand to her mouth.

"Fuck, that stinks." She moaned.

"Zombie horde's been this way."

"Obviously." She muttered.

Fortunately, I was leading Emily northwest, so the mass of the undead would remain off to our right from this point on.

It started to rain, which I thought might help with the stench in the air. Emily, once again, dragged out the rolled up olive green waterproof Macintosh from a pocket in her rucksack, muttering to herself as she did and trying to hurry as the rainfall intensified almost at once.

"I hate this thing, I sweat like a pig in it!" She moaned as she un-slung her rucksack and started to drag the thin zip up coat on.

"Take your blouse off, you'd be cooler under it."

"Perv." She laughed, throwing the hood up and tightening the draw strings at the collar.

I waited for her to put her backpack back on and pick up the Remington. My legs were tingling all the way up to my thighs now, and I could feel the pins and needles starting in my wrists and elbows. They didn't hurt but they were damned infuriating.

*****

We came across a zombie a half mile further on but it was the dog that first alerted us to the potential danger. We heard it before we saw it, growling and barking just ahead of us, beyond the top of the low hill we were climbing.

We crested the hill and looked down on a narrow country road that cut a left to right path through the valley below. Right in the middle of the road there had been a collision between a military Humvee and a motorcycle.

The Humvee seemed to have struck the bike and dragged both rider and vehicle beneath it. The bike was half visible beneath the utility vehicle's bent chassis.

The biker, leather clad, was trapped under the Humvee by his bike and had died and become reanimated where he was. His upper body was in motion but from the waist down he was immobile, either crippled or pinned. It was this biker zombie that the dog was barking at. 

The dog was trying to get at another body that lay about a foot away from the limit of the zombie's reach. Every time the dog went for the other body, a dead soldier, the zombie, groaning and snapping desperately with his teeth, tried to reach for the dog. Each snatching, zombie grab frightened the animal and, barking with frustration, it darted to safety. Though it obviously wasn't ready to give up its meal.

We carefully made our way to the road, all the while keeping an eye and an ear in every direction. And we were also wary of the dog, feral and hungry, who knows how it would react to living humans these days.

There turned out to be two soldiers. Both of them devoid of weapons and armour but both still wearing their standard MTP pattern uniforms.

The one the dog was after was face down in the road and half of his head had been destroyed by bullet impacts. The other was sitting in the Humvee's driver's seat. His neck was obviously broken.

"Stop for a minute." I muttered to Emily. "Keep an eye out."

As I approached with a Katana in one hand and my crossbow pistol in the other, the dog looked up at me, snatched at the dead soldier's hand one last time, failed because of the zombie and then gave up and ran off up the road.

I breathed a sigh of relief then went over to the Humvee. I used a low and hard, over the shoulder slice with the Katana to dispatch the zombie biker and then turned and opened the driver's side door. 

I dragged the second solider out of the Humvee, decided he was probably dead less than a day and then stripped him of his uniform and changed into it, liking the idea of proper camouflage and relatively fresh clothes. They were a bit damp but seemed okay to me.

Obviously, the broken neck had severed the connection between his cerebellum and his spinal cord so reanimation had never taken place.

Once I completed a quick check for anything useful in the Humvee, and finding nothing, I gathered up Emily and we headed off up over the next gray, mist laden, rise, maintaining our northwest direction in the streaming, saturating rain.

"Jay, why do we never drive anywhere? They can't all be out of petrol, surely."

"No, that's not the problem. Dead batteries are the issue, there's no way I know of to charge a car battery anymore." I replied. 

"A portable generator and a battery charger? We could look out for a Halfords or something." She teased. 

I could tell she was joking, but I couldn't bring myself to smile. I was getting tired, the tingling in my limbs was starting to affect my movements and unlike yesterday, they weren't easing off yet. 

"Besides, the country roads might be okay but major roads'd be a nightmare, I think. That and the noise of a car would attract every zombie and scavenger for miles. Walking's quieter and safer."

"Suppose you're right." She said, then muttered "Smart arse." Under her breath.

*****

We actually came across the zombie horde as the rain started to pelt, harder than ever. I heard their infernal, groaning, rumble. It was like a slow moving convoy of articulated lorries though always just out of sight. 

They were to our right, quite a distance away and we were in a valley so the corresponding hills were between us and the horde and I kept it that way, and maintained my northwesterly direction.

Soon enough their stench died away followed by their hellish nightmare din. I hadn't really smelled them at all this time and relied on Emily's reactions to judge.

*****

"Shouldn't be much further now." I said, to the back of Emily's head.

"Good." She muttered. 

Clearly the weather was getting to her and she had started to speed up, maybe she had realised herself how close we had to be. Either that or I was slowing down.

"Quite like it round here," She said over her shoulder. "Apart from this awful drizzle."

I looked around at the ground and the rain clouds. Everything was dull and gray and misty. The ground was rocky with a short mossy grass mostly covering the rocky ground. The grass seemed to be fighting with actual moss for supremacy. It was an uneven but smooth surface, a bit on the slippery side.

A few trees dotted the landscape and mountains framed us to the right, their peaks hidden amongst low clouds and mist. Patches of fern-like bracken grew here and there.

"It kinda reminds me of the Lakes." She added.

"Yeah. It's kinda similar I suppose."

I was wondering if the tingling in my extremities would ever stop and then it did. Right on cue. 

I wasn't able to celebrate however as voices came to us from the still, rain drenched, air.

Without waiting for instructions, Emily ducked down in a hollow and I joined her there.

I was momentarily distracted by her. We had been walking side by side for hours but there had always been a few feet between us. And for whatever reason there hadn't been much in the way of chit chat. Being close to her now, my damp body pressed up against hers, feeling the solid, though soft, firmness of her and maybe a hint of her body heat, brought back my desire for her. I wanted to fuck. To get my hands on her, to strip her right here and now on this damp moorland. 

I quickly suppressed my lusts and focused instead on the voices.

"Fuck! I need a woman!" One of the voices grumbled in a thick Glaswegian accent. "All we have is that Korean chick and the fatty. We need new blood mate."

"Yeah laddie, we go through 'em too quick, that's fer sure. Maybe Jock's group'll get lucky and bring us back some new whores."

"Just what I was gonna say mate."

Though I couldn't see them I could tell they were still quite a way off but their voices, raised and showing their lack of fear and a degree of arrogance, like bullish teenagers on the backseat of a bus, carried on the wind and we could hear them clearly. 

"I'd want someone like that Anna Reece. Remember her?"

"Remind me laddie."

"She worked at the Louden. About twenty two or three? Cute, skinny blonde piece, sculpted eye brows and always had that pouty pink lippy on. Fuckin' well sexy gray eyes? Never wore a bra...?"

"Oh, her wit' the saggy tits! Everyone was always hosin' down her tops! I remember her. She were a fuckin' slag mate!"

"That's why I'd want somethin' like her!"

"Ha ha ha! Yer a dirty bastard Jimmy! Now me I'd rather have... Remember that bank teller in town? Up on Scotia? Near the Airdrie Tavern."

"The Brunette with the sexy arse on her?"

"Ne'h that was our Mark's Niece. No the one who worked in the back most days."

"Oh, the MILF? The one with short blonde hair who's dyed half of it red."

"Yeah, but she had red hair and had blonde dye in it. Poppy her name was. Lips like that Angelina Jolie. Really funny she was. I chatted her up every Saturday, mornin' I did."

"Weren't really my type. She had nice green eyes, but no tits t'speak of."

"Oh yer wrong there Jimmy, she fuckin' did, but unlike these 'ere young un's a'yours she didn't feel the need to let everyone see 'em..."

The hollow was a rut forced into the landscape, like a deep gouge in the earth. It trailed off to my left and met a cluster of jutting rocks. It was a fortunate place as it would allow me to slip away from where myself and Emily were hiding without being spotted by the men, who were still approaching and still unseen. The idea was already forming in my brain. Take them unawares and cut them down fast and forcefully before they had the chance to react or cry out.

"Right, here's the plan." I whispered, turning to Emily. "You count to fifty then climb up and go toward them. I'll circle around behind them and take them." 

I drew one of my swords, un-slinging my backpack and leaving it beside her in the hollow. With a thought I drew the Wakizashi as well. 

"Nothing beats a bit of Ni-ten Ichi Ryu." I muttered to myself with a grin.

"I don't know. What if they start shooting?"

"They won't, they'll be able to see you're alive."

"I don't fancy being bait, Jay. Especially with what they're talking about." 

"It proves they won't want to kill you. Listen, I won't let anything happen to you. I promise. It'll be fine. Trust me."

"Okay..." She whispered, though her fear was palpable, and understandable.

"Be quick." She added.

I gave her a smile. And a hot, lingering kiss on her rain damp, pursed lips. Then, just as I was going to leave her, I remembered the shotgun beside her.

"Oh and leave that out of sight." I added, nodding across at the Remington. "And whatever you do, don't use it, the noise'd be heard for miles around."

"Fine. Get going." She mumbled.

Keeping low, I shuffled off along the gouge and behind the rocks and then hurried across and around to another hollow and then waited for them to come closer, listening to their inane banter and waiting for Emily to step into their line of sight.

"...Took her out once right before the end. Had a meal in Dylan's, got pissed and we went back to her's. I saw her tits then lemme tell ya!"

"Quality rack was it?"

"Fuckin' A! Pretty saggy but good couple'a handfuls each. Long fat nips too. Spunked all over 'em twice I did."

The younger one started laughing and then interrupted himself. 

"Hang on what's that?"

I knew it had to have been Emily's big entrance. And I risked popping my head up over the concealing rocks to take a peek.

She had tugged off the rainproof mac and opened up half the buttons on her blouse to show off her breasts bouncing around in the garment, even in she couldn't give them much on an eyeful of cleavage. The ground was uneven and she was stumbling and slipping a little.

"Is that a dead 'un?"

"Dunno. It's female though..."

I glanced across at the two men who were now just past me on my left. They were both dirty, in a mash up of denims and leathers. One was taller and broader with a beer gut. The other was short and scrawny, and moved a bit jerkily, as though he had energy to burn. The big one wore a cowboy hat and the other a baseball cap. They both sported straggly brown hair tumbling from under their head gear, though the bigger man's mop was shot through with gray. 

One carried a length of heavy chain which he had looped around one fist while in the other hand he hefted a meat cleaver. A large splitting axe with a long ash haft was stuffed, at an angle, down the back of his belt. The other one had a machete sheathed and strapped down to his left leg and actually carried a spear. A sharpened replica of what I assumed was an African tribal spear. Christ knows where he got that from. 

"But is it dead?" The little one asked, glancing at his companion.

"Who cares laddie! Cut her jaw 'n hands off and it won't matter!"

The older one drew his machete, while he stabbed the spear tip into the sodden mossy earth. And then stepped forward.

"Hiya," Emily called out uncertainly. She was obviously fearful. "Can you lads help me?"

"We'll that ain't no dead 'un!" The young one confirmed with an excited laugh. 

I rose up from my hiding place and sprinted towards them, I only had about or twenty or thirty yards distance to cover.

"Aye lassie, I'll give yer some help." The bigger one called to Emily, unmistakable, horny, glee colouring his deep, gruff accent.

Emily caught something in his voice that stuttered her progress towards them, one hand came up to her now damp blouse to close up the front in a fisted grasp.

The two men laughed at her sudden fear and modesty.

"No need ter cover yerself lassie, you're not gonna have much call for clothes."

"Not fer the rest'a yer life babe." The younger, scrawny one added with a slightly freakish laugh.

But Emily smiled. She was looking off to the left of the two men and behind them, at me, running up behind them with my arms spread out and a sword gripped in each hand.

I had a sudden burst of energy from who knows where, adrenaline I suppose. I'd been feeling increasingly lethargic in the last few hours, and I was having bouts of that weird caveman-syndrome thing again, when I'd go emotionally numb and my brain felt like it was partially shutting down. 

But right at that moment, I felt like I was eighteen again and protecting my girlfriend from a couple of drunken louts in town on a Friday night. Though back in the day I wouldn't have used a couple of Samurai swords to do it.

I took the older man's head right off with one huge, savage, swing of the Katana and then, running past his blood geysering, decapitated body, I wheeled around. 
