 She awoke to the cacophony of keys jangling outside the door of the confinement room. She tried to raise her arms, but they were strapped down. Then she remembered. The fight with the shadow men who had been sent to torment her. The sons of bitches from the National Security Agency who flowed up and down the walls and across the ceiling and kept changing the channel to the Lawrence Welk Show when she wanted to watch Blade Trinity. The umbral motherfuckers who wrestled her down to the floor and and put her in this hellhole. God, she wanted a smoke.

She heard the key turning in the lock, which surely must be a relic from some medieval dungeon. The attendant wheeled in the cart. "Time for yo' afternoon meds, Grandmother," the lycanthrope announced. He gave her a wink with one of his yellow eyes. His pearly white fangs glowed like stars against the black sky of his skin. His short sleeves were rolled up, all the better to display his gigantic muscles, which threatened to burst the shirt anyway.

She thought he called her "Grandmother" out of respect. He was not really her grandchild. That one had always sported a crimson hoodie rather than than the attendant's olive green uniform, and was long gone. No more baskets of fruit from that lost girl.

She looked away for a moment, and when she looked back he was already naked. This was often the way with werewolves, but it still caught her by surprise. His member was already jutting out, exceeding ten inches of lupine magnificence. "Oy, vat a schwanzstucker you have!" she told told the tumescent creature in her best Madeline Kahn voice.

"All the better to fuck ya with!" the shapeshifting attendant replied. "As ya' can see, I done taken my meds. It's time to take yours." He placed the pills in her mouth and lifted her head so that she could drink out of the paper cup.

She swallowed the liquid eagerly, anticipating the rush it would bring, the hunger, and the burning wetness in her cooz. She looked into the black depths of the wolf's widening pupils. "Oy, vat big eyes you have!"

"All the better to see ya with," he said, as he lifted her flimsy hospital gown and placed it around her neck, baring her gigantic heaving breasts.

She struggled against her restraints, but to no avail. They were made of tough Corinthian leather and would likely stand up to a writhing grizzly bear.

"Oy, vat big claws you have!" she said in feigned fright.

"All the better to paw ya' with!" her lupine tormenter replied, raking her heaving chest with both hands before grasping her aching, voluminous titties and squeezing them with all his might.

Grandmother struggled mightily against the leather straps that bound her wrists.

He smiled at that, and an implausibly long ebony tongue emerged from his lips.

"Oy, vat a big tongue you have!"

He grinned and bared his fangs. "All the better to eat cha' with!" he answered. He traced the rims of her aureolas with his split tongue before taking her right nipple in his lips, raking it with his fangs, seizing it with his teeth, and shaking her gargantuan boob like a great white shark. Her massive left tit deserved no less, and so the beast surrounded its throbbing nipple with his cleft tongue, while he buried his hot thick throbbing cock in the steaming folds of her labia. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and hauled himself forwards, sliding his shaft up and down the lips of her luscious, throbbing cunt. He grabbed her long silky white hair and lifted her liver-spotted face so that he could ram his thick black tongue deeply into her helpless mouth, sending it down her throat as she closed her lips on it and sucked it harder and harder with each violent thrust. The pills were definitely working now, and she could feel the fiery hunger of her dripping gash.

The beast could also clearly feel her heat. He removed his tongue from her desperately clutching mouth and licked his way downward between her luscious heaving breasts, which he once again seized in his paws, squeezing them as his tongue travelled down her tummy, over her bellybutton, and into the lovely forest of her nether hair.

His forked tongue slithered around her clit, rhythmically squeezing it in time with his mauling of her breasts. She came over and over again, as his tongue flowed over her lovely lady lump and up and down the willing lips of her labia. He flicked it at an increasing rate as he released her tits and raked his claws down her heaving tummy, leaving trails of blood in her flesh.

He slid his arms lower, playing with her clit as his hot black tongue thrust violently into her cunt. He wrapped his arms around her legs and lifted her up to his thirsty mouth. He squeezed her legs around his head as he drank her, raking his claws up and down her already lacerated tummy. He flattened his tongue against her as he pushed her legs up so that she was splayed helplessly before him. His mouth was on her like a vulture, drinking her juices as he ran his lips and tongue in and out of her sweet gash. He felt the trembling of her legs as she came over and over again. He thrust his tongue deeply inside her and felt her whole body shudder. Her hands fought against their restraints in a desperate attempt to seize his head like a vise and press it against her as she once again exploded in orgasm.

He lay against her for a long time before he lifted his head, gave her throbbing clit a goodbye lick, and then ran his tongue back up her tummy. He again placed his mammoth cock in the folds of her cunt, its dripping tip pressed against her pulsing clit. He seized her breasts in his hands, puncturing their skin with his claws as he mauled them once again.

He slid his gigantic cock into Grandmother's hot, dripping hungry cunt, spreading her walls as they had never been spread before. He pushed again, burying seven inches of his thick cock inside her. He gave one more final shove and penetrated her to the hilt. She felt ripped apart, and her hands struggled against the straps in a desperate attempt to hold him closer to her longing skin.

He smiled at her with those yellow wolf eyes and whispered, "Not yet. There are more games to play." He withdrew his shaft from her desperately clutching cunt and crawled up her body.

He stroked her hair and reached for her dentures, which he skillfully removed and set on the nightstand. He lowered his massive balls into her now toothless mouth. She spread it wide open so that she could take in both of those magnificent orbs at once. When they filled her mouth, she sucked them, closing her lips tightly so that they could not escape. She ran her tongue over them as she rhythmically squeezed and relaxed her jaws. Soon the skinwalker was moving in time with her movements, holding her head tightly as he rocked back and forth on her mouth.

She could see his massive pole towering over her face like a black skyscraper. Her hands struggled against the cuffs, desperately wanting to stroke that magnificent shaft, to feel it tremble as she tortured it, bringing him to the point of release over and over again. She could almost feel his skin against her fingernails as she imagined her hand sliding up and down its length, each time denying him the release that he yearned for.

She closed her lips around his left ball and sucked it tightly, knowing that he was now powerless against her seven decades of experience. He was completely at her mercy now. Her tongue slithered over his sac as she squeezed and unsqueezed her jaws, sucking each ball hard with her clenched lips. Each time he jumped in pain and desperation, she squeezed the core of his being more tightly.

He began to gasp and pressed his shaft over her eyes and forehead, rubbing it against her face in a desperate search for release. She could feel his precum as it dripped on her hairline and trickled into her eyes. He tried to rise, but she held him by his balls, torturing him with pleasure and pain.

Suddenly he rose, yanking his balls from the agony of her grasping mouth. "Now we'll see," he said. "There is a new game to play."

He slid down her naked torso and shoved his cock deeply into her once more, more deeply than any man before him. Grandmother cried out in pain and pleasure as the wolf brutally battered his way in and out of her desperately grasping cunt. The shapeshifter squeezed her massive breasts with all of his might. She fought against her restraints, eager to press him tightly against her as he violated her, to fuse their bodies into one. The wolf then dropped his hands to cover hers, and their fingers interlaced. They squeezed each other's hands, and the wolf's hot tongue snaked down her throat, and her own tongue eagerly traced the contours of his lips and cheeks.

He pulled back to lick her earlobes and neck , as his shaft began to pound faster and faster, battering its way inside her walls. She cried out in both pleasure and pain as she felt both of their climaxes coming. He raked her neck within his fangs as she cried out, then pierced her skin. As he ripped out her throat, they both exploded into a...

...sea of butterflies, which soon parted to reveal a woodsman standing beside a sparkling waterfall. The axe on his muscular shoulder gleamed, and his long golden hair glowed in the fading light. Grandmother looked down at herself, her tiny buckskin bikini and moccasins, and her long tawny legs. She felt the softness of young hair cascading down her back and grinned.

This was going to be delicious.