 ***Note to those who have asked - yes, the title is a Lovecraft reference and I intend for this story to travel into 'weird' erotic places...thanks for all the feedback and encouragement :)***

*****

The rickety bluestone inn that they booked into had one room left and after dropping off their bags, they went to the tavern for drinks. The tavern was small, dark and had wood panelled walls, tables and chairs. The skies had darkened and the rain had started pelting down moments ago. Annika sat at the stained glass window, watching lights outside smear and glimmer through the rain-flecked glass. She resigned herself to staying in this odd little town for a while longer; the wizened old lady who gave them their key suggested it could be days. She quivered, thinking how the lady, and a gathering crowd, had eyed her, like a piece of meat. She was feeling especially uncomfortable here and wanted to get back on their boat as soon as they could.

The town had the same skinny old cobblestone streets that the other towns had and only a few cars, old, small. English was spoken, so there was no need for the little book she carried, or her foolish attempt at Spanish.

Chris had some local beers whilst Annika, who didn't drink alcohol, ordered Pellegrino and lime. She invited the attractive couple at a nearby table to join them. At first, Chris was reserved as he often was, but found he had an interest in robotics in common with Richard and Annika was mesmerised by Mia and her large pale green eyes. Mia was pale with glossy brown-black hair, a beautiful heart-shaped face and huge soft pink lips. She was very much an English rose; her mannerisms, her accent, her lovely bone structure. At first, Annika wondered whether she was just hoping that Mia was flirting with her - but as Mia consumed more champagne, it became increasingly obvious - the lingering touches, the innuendo. When Mia snuggled over a little and entwined her bare legs into Annika's, she complied and pressed herself closer, smelling her lovely hair and sweet perfume. They continued talking about mundane sorts of things - where they last had a satisfying shopping spree, which country had the nicest strong coffee - and whilst this occurred above the table, Annika kicked off a stiletto shoe and slowly stroked her bare foot up Mia's calf. Mia paused, her gorgeous eyes widening and her breath catching.

Annika glanced across at the boys, who were still talking, oblivious. She leaned into Mia and whispered into her ear, "Can you come up to my room and help me fix my bra?" Mia nodded and the girls stood. "We're going to the room," Mia said and neither man really took much notice, so the girls smiled at each other, clasping hands as they left the table and weaved through the cramped wooden tables, through the tavern and up the narrow stairs. Behind Mia, Annika stared at her perfect ass, watching it move sensuously under her pale turquoise sundress as she climbed the stairs. She had lovely curves; large soft breasts, big hips, nipped waist - Annika loved feminine beautiful women. 

They walked through the reception and Annika was relieved that the odd lady was not at the desk. They kept walking to the larger staircase, up to their rooms. "I have our key," Annika said, thinking Chris didn't have a key and he probably didn't have to know about her and Mia. He knew her needs but he could get jealous and possessive. Disappointingly, he never wanted to join in - Annika would have liked to have a threesome - or foursome. 

Just outside the room, when Annika was fumbling with the key, Mia touched her long platinum curls, pulling them aside and kissed her cheek, then, full on the lips - first, tentatively, and then passionately. Annika kissed back, leaving the key in the door as she took Mia's face in her hands and then ran her hands down her body, relishing each curve. Tasting each other, they pressed together tight, hands on skin and Annika gasped as Mia started to unzip her dress at the back. 

"Oh shit, we should probably go inside," Mia whispered, looking down the corridor and Annika followed her gaze to see a tall man wearing black robes, standing in the dusky shadows at the end of the hall, his piercing stare on them. Her hand a bit shaky, Annika unlocked the door and turned the knob, both girls going inside and Annika ensuring the door was locked.

Wide-eyed, Mia hissed, "What was with that creep?"

Annika shrugged coolly. "The people in this town are really weird - were they staring at you a lot too?"

Mia shook her head. "I didn't notice anything like that...like that guy anyway...wow."

Annika smiled, stroking Mia's arm. "Let's not let him ruin our night."

Mia tried to smile back. "Sure..."

Annika kissed her gently on the lips and ran her hands over her bare shoulders. "I'll give you a massage?"

Mia nodded and Annika unzipped her dress now, grinning. "A naughty massage," she added, pulling down the sundress to reveal her nakedness. Mia wasn't wearing a bra, her large round natural breasts perky and gorgeous, pink nipples sharply aware. Her skin was a lovely pale ivory, her pussy was trimmed, beautiful. Annika's breath caught as she started to kiss Mia's neck and her hands softly worked her shoulders. "Lie on the bed," she said into her ear. "Face down."

Mia followed the orders, stretching out on the small double bed. The room was nothing special, but Annika had forgotten the mildew on the ceiling and the peeling wallpaper as she got the vanilla oil from her overnight bag. Her eyes on Mia's creamy naked body, she slipped out of her dress, wearing only her lacy underwear set and climbed onto the bed, straddling Mia and sitting on her firm round ass. She squirted some oil on Mia's bare back and Mia giggled a little at the unexpected squirt of cool fluid. Annika started rubbing and Mia moaned. She rubbed for a while, feeling Mia relax and the tension leave her muscles. Annika let her hands wander around the front, leaning down and kissing Mia's neck as she fondled Mia's breasts. Mia started making another kind of moan, her hands finding Annika's legs and stroking them. Mia rolled over and they faced each other, kissing on the mouth and pressing their bodies together. Annika's hands travelled over Mia's breasts, lightly teasing her pert nipples and felt Mia unhook her bra. Mia's hands felt incredible, women's caresses were so soft, so lovely - her pussy was so wet, her skin tingly all over. Mia had freed her breasts and now was licking and sucking her breasts, cupping them gently. Annika moaned, throwing her head back in pleasure and tossing her curls out of the way. 

Annika ran her hands down Mia's stomach to her pussy, tracing around her labia and Mia stared into her eyes lustily, breathing hard. "Is this OK?" Annika whispered, stroking and Mia nodded, biting her lip and then Annika softly stroked the outside lips of Mia's velvety pussy. Mia responded, opening her legs and kissing Annika's neck, as she gently inserted her finger into Mia's pussy, finding her clit and making small circles. Mia sighed, arching her back and pressing her hips into Annika, her hands still on her breasts. Annika kissed her hungrily and then made her way down her neck, down her breasts and kissed a trail down her stomach to her pussy. Still rubbing her clit, she started to kiss her inner thighs and then, removed her fingers and put her tongue in her pussy. Mia let out a cry of pleasure and squirmed, opening her legs wide. Annika held her legs apart as she licked her, travelling around her hole and vulva and then focusing ruthlessly on her clit until Mia screamed out as she came, bucking against Annika.

Panting, Mia crawled down to the end of the bed, pinning Annika to the bed and kissing her deeply, tasting her own pussy as she circled down tongue into Annika's mouth. Mia's hand ran down Annika's stomach and down into her lace underwear, finding her dripping wet pussy, she ran her fingers up and down the slit, teasing. Annika quivered, grinding into her fingers, wanting more. Mia stopped to smile at her. "That was the best orgasm I have ever had," she said. "Let me return the favour."

Annika was slightly dubious; things would have to be freaky for her to have the hardest orgasm yet - but Mia may surprise her. Annika watched Mia kiss her breasts, breathing hard and then, felt her kiss her way down. Mia pulled down her underwear, discarding them on the floor and opening her legs, running her fingers gently over Annika's pussy, opening her labia and then putting her tongue on her clit, licking. Annika sighed, enjoying the feeling and grabbed Mia's hair, stroking. She was so aroused, she was close to coming and then Mia stopped sucking her clit and started to finger-fuck her whilst kissing her inner thigh. Unexpectedly, she started to lick down lower, and then, her tongue started to split her ass, tunnelling into her anus and her fingers found her clit.

"Oh my God!" Annika exclaimed as a wave of pleasure overtook her - the amazing sensation of her clit being rubbed and her ass being licked was blowing her mind and then, moments later, she had an orgasm that started small and went long and hard, for about fifteen to twenty seconds, and she grabbed the sheets, writhing, as Mia continued rubbing and licking until all the tiny aftershocks had subsided. Annika lay there, sweating and trembling, as Mia came up and embraced her. "That was amazing," she whispered and Mia stroked her hair, smiling. 

Exhausted from the orgasm, Annika thought they had better get back down to the tavern before the boys noticed they were missing and they quickly dressed in the darkened room. As they slipped their shoes on, suddenly, without warning, four booms too loud to be thunder shook the room. The girls grabbed hold of each other, wide-eyed in the moonlight as they froze in place. The sounds subsided, almost fading and Mia said, "What the fuck was that?"

Annika, who always liked to have an answer for everything, said, "It sounded like a sonic boom? Earthquake perhaps?"

"Maybe." Mia seemed unconvinced as she brushed her hair. "We're trapped here - and I'm beginning to agree with you about this town, Annika. Between the creep in the hall and that sound, I can't wait until we can leave..."