 Annika and Chris had found what seemed to be an old abandoned pastoral centre, behind the disused cemetery. Chris emailed and used the internet to do things whilst Annika sat on her bag, staring at the slivers of light coming in from the boarded windows. She felt depressed and angry in equal measures; almost wanting to be defiant and run down the streets, looking aggressively for whoever had the audacity to sabotage their yacht. At least Chris was taking her concern seriously -- although the very fact he was, worried her all the more.

"I was talking to David," Chris said. David was his friend on the federal police. "He is getting on to Interpol. I gave him our GPS. The satellite phone and a lot of the tech was on the yacht, but I have my phone, which has internet and email, so we have some stuff. We're going to be OK, Annika."

Annika felt relieved and she forced a smile. "This has been so horrible," she said. "Thanks for sorting it out..."

"It's not over yet," Chris said, getting a candy bar out of his bag. He frowned, peeling off the wrapper. "I hope Richard and Mia aren't experiencing the same thing. They had a yacht and were forced to dock too."

Annika snapped to attention. "Should we look for them?"

Chris stood up. "I'll go out," he said. "You stay here. You have your phone on you? I'll forward you my communications with David. You can call him if you need to."

Annika nodded, not really wanting to talk to David -- fast-talking, over-inflated ego, always coming on to her when Chris wasn't around. She wanted to see Mia again -- but she also felt a sense of dread about Mia's safety. 

Chris returned with Richard and Mia. Their boat was intact but they were disturbed by what Chris told them and eager to help. On the way up the hill to the pastoral centre, the three of them had hatched a plan about escaping at night in their boat. David had said Interpol had not prioritised their case and it could be a while until agents could rescue them.

Annika and Mia met in a hug, meant to be a friendly 'hello' embrace, but it became lingering and difficult to break. Mia smelled amazing -- her soft hair was like cashmere and her skin held the heady scent of French perfume and sex. She was wearing a pale pink sundress that hugged her curves and showcased her beautiful creamy skin. Her huge eyes widened as she gazed into Annika's -- she wanted to kiss Annika as badly as Annika wanted to kiss her -- and the two women drew apart reluctantly, standing back with their men, watching each other longingly. Annika's breathing had quickened; the effect Mia had was overwhelming. A blush rose in her cheeks and she could feel her pussy pound with moist excitement. The boys had started discussing the course to take tonight. Impulsively, Annika said, "How about we explore this crazy building?"

Mia chewed her lips, her luminescent light jade eyes glowing. "Is that OK, Rich?" she asked.

The boys shrugged and Chris added, "Be careful, babe," and the girls grinned at each other, thrilled, as they walked away, towards a narrow spiral staircase. Annika paused before she set foot on it and looked upwards -- it seemed to get narrower as it ascended -- and she looked to Mia. Mia laughed and started to run up the stairs. Annika watched the structure shake underneath her weight; but not wanting to seem scared -- and also, badly wanting to follow this gorgeous woman, she commenced the climb, ensuring her footfalls were as light as possible. Dust cloaked the air as they climbed upwards and when they reached the next level, it was apparent that it had not been used in a long time. Most of the attic level was cloaked in dust and particles lazily floated on the air. Annika looked around at the crates and chests, squinting in the dim light as she tried to discern what may be within the confines of the boxes. The place seemed like a disused Christian pastoral centre -- and most of these towns previous to this one had been Christian -- but this one bore few signs of religiosity. The fact that the best hiding spot that she and Chris found was a religious centre raised her hackles. She was going to share this concern when Mia pressed her full plump lips onto hers, hard, in a passionate kiss. 

Annika responded, her hands catching in Mia's silky brunette locks as her tongue started exploring her mouth, relishing the taste of her and drunk on her intoxicating smells. Mia's hands crept up Annika's singlet, wrenching her breasts out of the restraints of her bra and pinching and teasing her nipples. Annika clenched her thighs together, rubbing her pussy and moaned into Mia's mouth. She could hear the drone of the boys' conversation downstairs and somehow, that made it hotter. She wished Chris could be cool enough about her bisexuality to watch her with another woman; but it wasn't so. This form of exhibitionism was as good as it was going to get. Mia's soft fingers moved to her skin, making her sigh and press against her. Annika's hands dropped from Mia's hair down to her ass, grabbing hard and pulling her hips against her own. Mia's mouth started moving on Annika's neck and Annika bit down on her lower lip, feeling her breath and kisses flutter a trail down her sensitive skin to her breasts.

Mia's hands moved from Annika's breasts down to the button of her jean cut-offs and Annika almost said no as she imagined Chris' furious reaction to walking up the stairs and seeing this. However, lust took over and she whimpered as Mia undid her shorts and pulled them down, kissing her mound through her silk panties. Annika gazed down at Mia's dark brunette head, stroking her glossy hair as the beautiful woman pulled aside her panties and started to kiss and tease her labia. She withdrew her breath sharply, her legs shaky with desire. 

"I need to sit down," Annika whispered and she found a nearby crate covered in a white sheet, falling back on her ass, legs out. Mia was merciless and took this moment to pull down her panties, exposing the slick pink folds of her swollen wet pussy. Mia kissed up her legs, using the way the panties and jean cut-offs bound Annika's ankles as a noose with one hand as she held her in place. Excited by being tied, Annika watched her and spread her pelvic area wide. Mia met her eyes as she started to lick Annika's pussy, slowly and languorously, using her tongue firmly on the slit. Annika was pinned on the crate, her legs open, hypnotised by Mia as she ate her cunt. She badly wanted to cry out, to moan, to communicate the intense pleasure she felt, but she was acutely aware of Richard and Chris and their planning session downstairs. This thought titillated her further, bringing her closer to orgasm and she grabbed a handful of Mia's hair, yanking it urgently.

Mia paused from her lapping to smile knowingly at Annika, enjoying her torment and then she returned to circling her tongue around her swollen clit, teasing the hood and gently stroking the tip of her tongue along its girth. That sent Annika over the edge and she had to bite her own arm to stop from screaming her orgasm across the pastoral centre. Tingling and breathing hard, Annika watched Mia climb up to her, tangling her hands in Annika's blonde hair and kissing her mouth. Annika moaned as she tasted her pussy on Mia's tongue and her hands wandered up Mia's dress, grabbing her firm round ass. Mia straddled her, ass in the air. She was wearing skimpy lace and satin panties and Annika pulled them aside as she worked her fingers into her soaking wet pussy. Mia whimpered, pressing her soft breasts into Annika's and her cunt into her fingers as her kisses became harder and more urgent. Annika stroked Mia's velvety wetness, wishing she had time to linger more and found the heat of her swelling clit. Mia cried out a little, twitching and Annika hushed her as she rubbed. 

"I'm so close," Mia whispered pleadingly and Annika silenced her with her tongue. The stairs creaked, indicating some weight on them and Annika heard Chris call her name. She rubbed Mia's clit firmly, looking into Mia's heavy lidded green eyes as she came hard, opening her beautiful mouth wide. Annika watched her, struck by her beauty and intensely aroused by her orgasm. She stroked Mia's pussy gently with one hand as it twitched, still cumming and she said in a perfectly even tone, "What is it, Chris?"

"Are you guys OK up there? You went quiet."

The two girls shared a smile. Annika said, "Yes, we're great."

"Alright, we need you down here, we've put together a course. And we've got a plan."

The girls smiled again as they disentangled and got to their feet, helping each other straighten their outfits before going downstairs. Before descending the stairs, they paused, sharing one last kiss and a private smile. Annika went down first, her flip flops slapping on the unsteady stairs. The boys were still seated on their bags; Chris, with his reading glasses on his nose, looking at his iPhone and Richard, punching away at the keyboard of his laptop. The boys showed them some maps and discussed how they would leave just as twilight set in, when the dark gave adequate cover -- and Chris predicted the docks and streets should be relatively deserted. Annika watched him. He exuded his usual calm confidence but he was rattled, unsure whether this was going to work. He chewed on the arm of his reading glasses as he spoke and his eyes moved a lot. She wasn't sure either, but it seemed like they had few remaining choices so she agreed they should proceed, tuning out Chris' dreary risk scenarios. She walked over to a boarded window, gazing out into the bright sunshine and looking at the grassy tombstones. She wondered where the town buried their dead, if not here. The graveyard was not even half full and appeared to have been abandoned a long time ago.

A prickle of unease unsettled her and she realised she saw a figure watching the centre, only meters away in the grass, next to some crooked old tombs. It was the tall thin man in black robes from the previous night. His skin was deathly white, grey-toned, wrinkled, and bald -- in the sun, he seemed inhuman and ghastly. Two black holes where his eyes were bore into her, seeming to hollow out her insides. His head was skull-like, gory. He was staring, still like the tombs, bony and kind of hunched. He was so awful she wanted to scream but instead, she softly called out to the others.

They came over and Mia said, "Oh, it is that creep we saw last night..." and then she recounted a quick tale about how they saw this man in the hallway. The boys looked him over, relatively unperturbed until Annika insisted, "He was staring at us! He is in on this and now he has found us! I know this somehow!"

"Well, he is creepy," Chris conceded. He scratched his stubble and frowned outside. Annika could see him deciding whether or not to take her claim seriously. 

"Maybe he's an old pervert thinking you girls were going into your room to get naked or something?" Richard chuckled and Annika blushed.

Mia sighed. "Now is not the time for levity, Rich. And, by the way, you wish." She tossed him a pert wink and Annika watched them, wondering whether Richard supported Mia's desires. He seemed to. She was distracted by envying them and then returned to the moment, eyeing her own husband as he watched the thin tall man in robes.

"Is he some kind of priest?" she asked.

"I told you, they have no religion here," Chris said.

"What?" Mia said, aghast.

Chris lit up. He got to share his story at last. "A rich man moved here in the mid nineteenth century and brainwashed townsfolk into worshipping something mysterious in the sea. Fishermen love stories like that. Apparently the uprising against the church was bloody and the mainland didn't take too kindly to the murder and mayhem so the cult went underground then died out."

"Why didn't the church return?" Annika wanted to know.

"The townsfolk, and mainlanders, think this place is cursed," Chris said. "There have been multiple attempts to resuscitate Christianity here but each parish has been killed. Natural causes, or accidents, but dead is dead. I guess they practice faith in their own way privately."

They were all quiet, watching the man outside. "Then what the fuck is he?" Annika asked. Her tone was getting abrasive, she couldn't help but feel panic. "One of those murderous cult people?"

Her words hung in the air as they stood by the boarded window. Mia took her arm gently, stroking. "It will be OK," she whispered. "We will just wait here until the sun goes down and then leave this weird town. Right, guys?"

Both the men muttered their agreeance but no-one sounded confident or comfortable. The shadows in the boneyard were lengthening; Annika glanced down at her watch. It was three in the afternoon. She wondered whether the tall man was there for surveillance or whether he was the first of the welcoming party. She swallowed uneasily and shifted her weight. It had been difficult to tell due to the storm but the sun had dipped at about six last night; twilight emerged at around seven. Four more hours to wait. Was it really that wise to just stay inside this boarded old building like trapped rabbits?

"I think we need to leave this place, now," Annika said. The others looked at her, wide-eyed. 

Chris frowned, thinking. "OK," he said, picking up his bag. "That man is at the south end of this place. The door is west. He might not notice us leaving. We need to go quickly and quietly."