 Annika, Mia, Chris and Richard had left the old pastoral centre, leaving what remained of Christianity in this town, and the thin man, behind them as they found a narrow alley jutting downhill between houses and walked until some distance was put between them and the centre. No one said anything as they looked around for dangers and Mia held Annika's hand tightly. Annika felt sick with fear. Her breathing was fast and she tried to control her anxiety as she followed the boys. Chris always had a way out, she thought. That usually dispelled her worries but being trapped in this kooky town with no yacht and being stalked by a bony pale man who barely looked human was fraying her rationality. An older woman hanging washing in a yard paused to stare directly at Annika and she gulped, averting her eyes. She wondered if even an elderly woman, possibly a grandmother, could be some kind of demonic informant - or whether paranoia was overwhelming her.

Chris had stopped just before the alley intersected with a street. "The problem is, we don't know who we need to avoid," he said, peering out. 

"I think we just assume everyone," Annika said. "Where does that leave us?"

Richard was looking at his GPS on his phone. "I think we cross here and perhaps keep on heading towards the dock then go left. I noticed some boat sheds earlier. That could be a good hideout?"

Everyone agreed to this and when the small laneway emptied, they crossed, re-entering the cramped alley and continuing to walk down the hill until coming to the small intersecting path Richard had mentioned. They walked until coming to a six foot cast iron fence that blocked their way. "We can climb it," Chris said, shaking it to test sturdiness. They tossed their bags over first and agreed the girls would go last so they could be lifted over. The boys climbed over and Annika insisted that Mia went first. No one noticed the faces in the windows in the buildings above them. 

Annika held Mia steady as she started to scale the fence. "I haven't climbed a fence since I was eight," Mia said, nervous. "I broke my wrist in four places. I still have scars." She took her hand off the fence to show Annika, who laughed despite the situation.

"Put your hand back on the fence or you'll break more bones, silly!" Annika smiled, helping boost Mia up and letting her hands linger on her ass. She badly wanted to put her hands up her dress and find her pussy but it wasn't the time - or place - for that. Mia awkwardly stepped over the spiked top of the fence, flashing her panties a little and the boys watched her closely, helping her as they grabbed around her small waist. Mia smiled down at Annika fondly but then the smile died on her face, becoming a look of horror. Annika didn't notice the men behind her but screamed in alarm as a black hood was thrown over her head and numerous strong arms took her roughly from behind. Something hard hit her skull and she lost consciousness, hearing her friends shout as she went under.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Annika woke up, her eyes still closed, her head pulsating. She became aware that she was lying on a hard steel surface and she could feel something tight around her chest. She felt cool air on bare skin - she was naked. The air smelled damp, limey. Her mouth was dry and she felt nauseous, kind of hungover, she opened her eyes a slit and was dazzled by overhead white lights. She ran her tongue over her teeth, trying to move a little and realising she was tied to a table. Then a deep resonant voice spoke.

"I was waiting for you to wake up, Annika."

How did he know her name? Annika opened her eyes wide and squinted against the lights. She was in a square room with bluestone walls, dark except for the round fluorescent light above the steel medical table. Plasticised marine rope tied her onto the table around her torso, her bare breasts above the binds. Her bare legs were spread open, in stirrups. She gasped in terror, her vulnerability apparent to her. She looked to the shadowy corner, where a tall shape stood and asked, "Who are you?"

The man-shape stepped from the corner and Annika's breath caught in her throat as she took in the towering handsome dark man. He had a looming face, messy black hair and piercing black eyes that pinned her in place, violating her being. He was otherworldly and cloaked in a dark presence - the way he walked and stared at her was predatory, cruel - and yet, he aroused and intrigued her like no one else had before. He stood over her naked body, slowly taking her in, his eyes lingering on her exposed pussy and breasts. His flinty hard eyes came back to her face and he gave her an unpleasant and arrogant smile. "My name is Nicholas Bloodstone," he said in that deep lightly accented voice. Annika shivered, gazing up into his bottomless black eyes, powerless. He extended a large elegant white hand out to touch her platinum hair, which had been released from its bun. Annika took in his well-cut black suit. It seemed antique...old-styled? My mysterious captor is a throwback, she thought in amazement.

"Why am I here?" she asked. She swallowed, her eyes imploring him. "Will you untie me please?"

"I can't do that, Annika," Nicholas said, almost sounding disappointed. "I need you here. I need to prepare you for him."

"Him? Who?"

"The Great Old One."

"What?" Annika strained against her bonds, scowling up at Nicholas. "That old creep in the robe? Just let me go. Now!"

Nicholas laughed indulgently, his hand still stroking her hair and then moving down to stroke her cheek. This stopped her and she watched him, frozen in place and dazed, as he looked deeply into her eyes. He ran his finger over her full red lips, appreciation on his stoic features and he said, "I am his servant. I have been his servant for over one thousand years. He knew you were coming and he made the storm. He bought you to us and now he wants you. He always likes a beauty." He ran his finger down her jaw now, down her throat, his stoicism flickering as his lust showed. "It is my job to prepare you for him, to make you as he likes them."

He was scaring Annika and she tried not to show it. "OK, weirdo. Cut the shit. What is going on? Thousands of years? You look like you're in your late thirties!"

Nicholas chuckled and his fingers traced down the valley between her breasts. Her breathing quickened. "He came to me when I was thirty-seven," he said, his eyes still on hers. "He made me immortal on the proviso that I serve his needs. I came to this town and tried to convert these commonfolk." He raised his elegant black brows. "It got...messy."

Annika recalled Chris' story about the wealthy man and the sea worshipping cult. She stared at Nicholas in disbelief. "Who is The Great Old One?" she whispered.

Nicholas laughed, enjoying his dominant position and then he cupped one of her breasts in his hand. Annika gasped, trying to sound outraged, despite the moist arousal tingling in her pussy. She hissed, "Stop...touching...me!"

He stroked her round breast, running his fingers over her erect nipple. He smirked at her, his intense eyes still pinning her down and leaned down, his mouth taking her nipple in. She felt his warm mouth and tongue on her sensitive nipple and she moaned despite herself. "He lets me play with his sluts," Nicholas said, his other hand running down her stomach. "As long as I don't cum in them. You are the only one I have chosen to touch. You are very lovely." His hand reached her slit, running his finger along its dampness and she whimpered, squirming. He sneered at her, contemptuous. "You are a whore however. I saw you lie with that brown-haired lady. You have an insatiable cunt. I cannot feel bad about your fate."

"Fuck you," Annika snapped, now squirming in an attempt to get away and Nicholas laughed, pleased. He walked around to stand in between her wide-open spread legs, hung uselessly in the stirrups and crouched down to inspect her pussy. Annika tried to crane her neck. "Stop," she said urgently. "Just...let me go. We have money, we can pay you."

Nicholas laughed again. It was dark and mocking - pitying almost. "We don't care for money," he said and she felt his breath on her inner thighs. 

Hysteria welled within her chest and she swallowed a sob. "Please," she said. "Please let me go." She held her breath as she felt his mouth on her pussy, his big tongue entering her hole, thrusting inside. His white hands grabbed her hips, pulling her into his face, his mouth drinking her in mercilessly. She cried out, her voice echoing off the stone walls. Pleasure assaulted her hard as his mouth owned her soaking cunt and she succumbed to him, moaning as she writhed, on the edge and about to come on his face. His long big tongue started to lap her clit, firmly and it pushed her over the edge hard. She screamed loudly, struggling against his hands as he forced her onto his face. Her pussy twitched violently with orgasm and he kept licking and sucking, drinking her in, and she cried out, overwhelmed. He was not letting her go and she was about to come again, the pressure building and then exploding. Her legs shook and she thrashed hard, trying to escape him and he paused to laugh at her pathetic efforts. Then he was back, abusing her clit with his determined tongue and now finger-fucking her, easily finding her swelling G-spot. 

Annika was in another dimension - a haze of orgasmic stupor, she stared at the light, her mouth wide open as she cried out another orgasm. No one had ever eaten her like this and she couldn't handle it, she felt weak and tremulous, about to snap. "Please...no more!" she cried out and he ignored her, his large tongue thrashing against her swollen cunt until he stood, pulling out his cock and lining the head with the entrance to pussy. 

"I'm not meant to fuck you," Nicholas breathed, his other hand grabbing her breast hard. "But I am going to." He pushed his large cock into her and she gasped as his tip nudged in, poking her swollen throbbing G-spot and then pushing past, filling her. They both moaned as he went in to the hilt, his balls grinding against her asshole and he started to thrust hard. 

Annika let out little cries, enjoying every moment of his cock pumping inside her. It hit her G-spot and rubbed other spots she never knew existed. Her eyes half open, she gazed up at Nicholas, realising that this was the best sex in her life. It was like his cock had been cast to fill her cunt - to stimulate every little bump inside her. She kept moaning and raised to meet his thrusts, pushing against him as another orgasm approached, ravishing her body hard and making her scream out. 

Grinning, Nicholas kissed her mouth and then her breasts, just before he gasped and then came inside her. He thrust his cum into her, enjoying his orgasm and then he pulled out, his huge cock slick with the nectar of their sex. Annika watched him, breathing hard and admiring his immense attractiveness. A flush had built in his face and he forced his cock into her face, making her lick the sex off his cock and balls. As she licked and sucked, his fingers went down to her pussy, playing until she came again, moaning around his thick cock.

He pulled his cock out of her mouth and bought his large hand to her mouth, it was full of his pearly cum and he forced her to eat it. "He better not see this," he whispered, watching her lick his hand. "He would kill me."

Annika sucked Nicholas' fingers, her eyes lost in his and mesmerised by him. After his hand was clean, he pushed her face back and kissed her cheek. "Farewell, Annika," he whispered and ran his hand down her face. He looked at her lingeringly and then turned his back, walking towards the door.

"Wait!" she cried. "Please, don't go!"

But he ignored her; opening the door and disappearing into darkness.