 Annika was having a terrible dream about the strange labyrinth of little pathways and cobble roads in the small fishing town, about being lost, alone and scared in a darkening dusk, when she heard the booms again. Her ears were ringing and her head hurt from the concussion. Her stomach was sour, her mouth dry. She felt unwell, weak. She was aware of being in a bed and she opened her eyes a slit, seeing leadlight bedside lamps lighting a mahogany panelled room. The bed was huge, the covers richly embroidered in ivory, golds and maroons. A glistening chandelier hung from the centre of the expansive high ceiling. The room was very large, quite possibly even bigger than Annika's entire house back home and it wasn't exactly small. It was like the room of royalty.

She realised that she wasn't tied up. She also realised that she wore a soft white satin nightgown. She touched her aching head, feeling her long silky cornsilk blonde hair, it felt clean and brushed. Had someone washed it whilst she was unconscious? 

Annika struggled to her elbows, appraising her surrounds. The heavy engraved double-doors were closed, the ornate brass handles drawn together. A crystal glass of clear fluid was bedside. Annika hoped it was water. She was desperately thirsty. She reached out and took the glass, sipping. It was water; it tasted clean and wonderful. She drank half the glass and fell back onto the pile of pillows, exhausted. She thinks she is tired because the last time she ate was on the yacht...strawberries and whipped cream, she remembers. She should have had the stew at the tavern but she was a picky eater, she could be so silly at times, maintaining an air that was more like her mother than herself. Her stomach was acidic and cavernous; she would have eaten anything right now.

Annika stared at the ceiling, at the plaster rosettes clustered around the chandelier fitting. She wonders if she is a prisoner in this finery and is relieved she doesn't seem to need the bathroom. She feels too physically weak to move and a part of her doesn't want to find out how much trouble she actually is in. This part of her just wants to sink back into deep sleep, even if it is nightmares. She knows enough about concussions to realise that this desire for sleep and her exhaustion are possibly physical aftermaths but her options seem limited right now. She is musing on this and half dozing when the doors open. Her eyes flutter open and she sees Nicholas Bloodstone filling the doorframe, ghastly, huge and magnificent.

"Pleasant dreams, my sleeping beauty?" Nicholas asked, a smirk pulling his sensuous mouth.

Annika stared up at him, hoping she looked OK despite herself. He was otherworldly handsome, with his black intense eyes, elegant brow and unique bone structure. He was perfect and something about his penetrative stare made her feel flawed. "Where am I?" she asked.

"My home." He smiled at her, sitting next to her. Annika was painfully aware of the warmth of his leg next to her body. "My bed." 

"What am I doing here?" 

"Waiting for him."

"For who?" Annika heard the whine in her voice and didn't like losing control before Nicholas like this. "Will you just tell me what is going on?"

Nicholas chuckled and placed his hand on her cheek. Annika froze, staring at him wide-eyed. "So many questions," he whispered. She swallowed uneasily, feeling her cheeks blush at the intensity of his direct gaze. The hand slowly moved down her neck, smoothing down her nightgown between her breasts and under the covers. Annika whimpered a little and closed her legs tight. He pulled up her nightgown and stroked her mound. He was smiling at her as he brought his other hand under the covers and wrenched her legs open. He was very strong. Annika kicked at him, feeble and weak, trying to squirm away. He pinned one of her legs down onto the mattress and she relented, tired already. She gasped as the fingers of his other hand teased her the bare wet slit of her exposed pussy.

"Now, that isn't so bad, is it?" Nicholas murmured to her, still sitting next to her, his hard gaze hypnotising her, holding her still and helpless.

Annika couldn't respond. The pleasure from his fingers gently rubbing her clitoris and labia, coupled with her weakened dizzy state, were sending her into a weird euphoria. She sank into the pile of pillows, feeling her legs open wider. More fingers came inside and he started to gently finger-fuck her, applying perfect pressure on her G-spot as he tickled and circled her clit. She was so wet that she could feel her juices running down her inner thighs, she could feel them coating his huge hand. Her orgasm was building like storm clouds on the ocean horizon on a humid day and she moaned, allowing it to happen. She came hard, the orgasm overtaking her body and making her shudder and stop breathing for seconds. She was winded, almost hurt, by the intensity and afterwards, lay back stunned, like a fish just hauled in from the sea inside a net, flopped on deck and assaulted by the brutality of the new deadly environment.

Nicholas took advantage of her, rubbing her clitoris hard until she succumbed to another orgasm. She cried out, trying to fight his hand but ended up grinding into it, submitting to the powerful climax. He kissed her neck, his hot breath in her ear and she felt vulnerable, scared and trapped, with his weight pinning her to the bed and his hand still in her pussy, still playing relentlessly. 

"Stop," she whispered. "Please, I can't take more."

"You can take more than you think you can," he said into her ear.

"No," Annika moaned as he intensified his rubbing, adding another finger to his hole-fucking. He grinned at her and then kissed her on the mouth roughly. She felt him press his huge erection into her leg and absently wondered why he wasn't fucking her. She kind of wanted him to. She shivered as she vividly recalled how well his cock stimulated the depths of her pussy and that was enough to send her into another hard orgasm, crying out as she thrashed against his hand.

Nicholas stopped then, raising his hand and carefully licking it, right in front of Annika's face, so she could smell her own juices. He smiled at her whilst he did it, noticing how she paid attention to his mouth and tongue. He knew she was thinking of his skill at eating her pussy and she blushed. 

"You behaved well, Annika," he said, a bit husky. He stroked her hair and kissed her on the mouth. It was almost tender and Annika's mind spun. "I will send breakfast up. I am sure you are hungry. Then I will prepare you some more. I want you to be just right for him. We all do."