 After Eggs Benedict and dark brewed coffee with cream, just as she liked it, Annika felt much better. A maid named Marnie, a pretty young woman in a neat black uniform, helped her bathe and dress in a gorgeous 1940s style sundress made of pale yellow linen with white trim. There was a bra for her, a strange satin conical one from the same era. It didn't fit Annika very well; few bras did – Annika was blessed with a small back and body and large natural breasts – but she was grateful to be wearing underwear again. The kitten heels she was given were a little small, at size six, but she felt civilised dressed head to toe. The maid curled and pinned up her hair, Annika thought it was a Betty Grable style, the whole look was very forties, very World War Two, right down to the winged eyeliner and red lipstick. She commented on this and the maid blushed and said Grable was her very favourite popular actress, followed only by Rita Hayworth. It was only after Marnie left that this struck Annika as odd. First the old-style clothing and then the makeup, the curled up-do hairstyle. She sat at the vanity table, in front of the mirror and looked at the cosmetics. She gasped. Max Factor Pancake foundation, pressed powder in an old style compact, rouge, cake mascara with an odd little brush...it also seemed to be from that same era!

Annika studied her reflection, noting how the maid had applied her makeup differently to modern fashions. The foundation and powder was patted on thickly and the rouge gave her red rosy cheeks. Her eyebrows were dark and exaggerated. Her breathing quickened as she tried to make sense of this. It is just old cosmetics, she thought dizzily. The Lord probably just has old makeup...perhaps he once had a wife back in the 1940s? She thought he probably sacrificed her to this kraken thing that was on the church's pulpit and she shuddered. The doors open again and Marnie walked in, with Lord Nicholas Bloodstone. His stoic marble-like face erupts with pleasure when he sees her.

"Oh, Annika! You look lovelier than I dreamed!"

Annika felt her cheeks redden under the heavy makeup and rose to her feet, staring up shyly at the six foot nine inch tall man. His exotic cinnamon aftershave made her swoon; she was intoxicated by him, desperate for his touch.

Nicholas dismissed Marnie and the maid walked away, closing the double doors after her with a thunderous bang. Now, only Nicholas and Annika stood in the large well-furnished room. She became uncomfortably aware of this and felt her pussy grow hot and moist. She felt wetness inside her thighs. Her concentration wavered as she looked at his sexy mouth.

"Annika. We have much to do together." Nicholas said, taking her hand gently and leading her over to a mahogany table setting by some French glass windows. The heavy red velvet drapery let in a small amount of grey light – Annika senses it is daytime. "I want to taste you again." His fingers stroked her inner wrists and she trembled a little at his words, at his directness. His fierce black gaze devoured her as she sat on the velvet cushioned seat before him and she shifted, feeling desire burn urgently in her pussy. "I told you before. I need to get you ready, for him, we need you to be perfect."

Annika nodded nervously, watching his pale fingers caress her naked arms. Her skin burned, she could feel her nipples harden, her clit swell. She tried to stay on topic, tried to think clearly. "Who is he? And what is he going to do to me?"

Her question hung in the air and Nicholas smiled at her indulgently. He dropped to his knees, between her legs and opened her like a flower. He started to kiss up her thighs and she moaned, grabbing the edge of the table. He looked up at her, still visibly impressed by her beauty. "I want you to lie on the bed for me."

Annika did as she was told. She stood up, her legs a bit unsteady, and walked over to the freshly made bed, lying back on the embroidered gold and maroon cover. He followed, standing over her and opening her legs. Her breathing was coming out in quick little gasps as he opened her legs again, pulling up her full skirt and started kissing her sensitive inner thighs. She felt him hook his fingers into her panties. 

"You are very wet already," he said, under her skirt.

Annika couldn't speak; she was all his and captive to whatever he did next. She felt him pull the panties aside and gently nibble at her labia. She gasped, writhing. Then his tongue started to stroke inside her swollen pussy lips, lapping at her begging clit and she cried out, wanting more. He pulled her panties harder, allowing more access and put his tongue inside her pussy. Everything about Nicholas was big. In ecstasy, Annika whimpered, losing control. Nicholas was so amazing at eating pussy that whatever he did felt like one long orgasm. Then when the climax roared in, she was totally awestruck and dumbfounded, breathless and stunned. Now, he was making her come several times, on top of each other. The orgasms ripped through her as his big tongue firmly stroked her clit, his mouth drinking her in, lapping her juices. Her heart was racing, her entire body lit up with pleasure. 

Here, he stopped, much to Annika's amazement. In previous encounters, he seemed to get off on making her come and come, beyond what she wanted. She lay there, flushed and tingling, looking up at him in a mixture of fear and lust. "Please..." she began and wet her lips. She tasted the weird old lipstick. "Please fuck me?"

Nicholas looked down at her – with contempt? He wiped his face and stared at her, hard. His eyes went cold. "No," he said bluntly. He turned his back and started to leave.

"Wait!" Annika called out. She sat up, frazzled, desperate. Her heart raced. He couldn't just leave her now! "Please! What is happening?"

Nicholas turned to look at her. He was close to the door. A cruel smirk spread across his handsome face. "He is about to come for you, Annika. He will spend some time with you and then leave. Then Marnie will care for you. Maybe I might visit...I am not sure about my feelings on fucking a pregnant woman."

Annika stared numbly. "What?" she managed to ask.

Nicholas' smirk deepened. "There will be the implantation. He goes back to his home. For you, there is gestation, then birth. We will treat you like a Queen, Annika. After all, you will carry a Great Old One. Then we let you go home."

Annika's mouth fell open as it dawned on her. "It will...impregnate me?"

Nicholas' eyes were burning bright now, pleased that it was dawning on her. He grinned. "Oh yes. It is the mating season for The Great Old Ones; and ours needs a female. He deemed you worthy. I congratulate you, Annika. What an indescribable honour!"

"What?" she asked, a sob in her question. "They...breed with humans?"

"They plant inseminated seeds in humans. The human womb is useful – warm, wet, protective – just like a type of pod on their home planet used for the same purpose. He likes the sex too, Annika. You won't be disappointed."

Annika was in shock, her mouth open and her hands to her face. "Oh my God..." she whispered. "Oh please no...please, you can't do this to me!"

Nicholas turned, his hand twisting the brass doorknob and opening the heavy wooden door. He ran his hand down the engravings, pausing to relish the moment. He paused, looking over his shoulder to lick his lips and grin at Annika. "I will watch him fuck you. It will be very enjoyable."