 1.

The second apprentice of Jace the Jungle Goddess is younger than Lunir, and slightly shorter and scrawnier. She has shockingly large green eyes, with a mouth that seems too small for her face. A prim mouth, it seems. This impression it gives, however, is entirely false. 

Garis is her name. She is blonde, very blonde, and rather than keeping it cut pragmatically short like Lunir does, or letting it blow free and wild like their teacher, whose hair often resembles a lion's mane, Garis braids hers very carefully and then coils the braids in two symmetrical rolls on the sides of her head above her ears. From a distance, or with the sun behind her, those rolls can look a bit like animal ears, maybe the ears of a cat or a mouse. 

Today, alone, her face tense with a fierce, contemplative expression which could also be read as both anxious and determined, Garis has come to the edge of a region of their domain they call the Sink. She is never supposed to come here. Never ever. Jace had forbidden several segments of the Last Jungle to her apprentices. The Sink was one such. One of the most forbidden of all. 

Mostly these regions were off-limits not because they were too dangerous (which wasn't to say they were safe, either, for they weren't; the whole of the Last Jungle was equally dangerous, always). The rule was more a matter of diplomacy, or fundamental politeness. The inhabitants of those territories were creatures of Mind, intelligent beings of various sorts with distinct cultural identities. The valley of the Tigermen, for example; it was probably the largest segment. There was also the Skyteeth, home of the terrordactyl riders, which was the most remote. Forbidding that place was almost pointless, for the girls couldn't have climbed up any of those sheer spires on their own if they'd desired to, and neither of them ever had. Then there was the Blighted Zone, where the trees themselves had been turned twisted and hateful by a foul lingering disease, and the caves of the Blood Ape tribe that overlooked it. An entirely separate, farther flung system of tunnels called the Undercut housed the Snatch, an especially diminutive and troublesome species of goblin with foxy faces and barklike skin. 

None of these groups liked Jace observing or interfering with their activities, at least not too blatantly. They were all proud creatures, and they were all violent. Survival in the Last Jungle demanded those qualities. They preferred not to acknowledge Jace as a ruler or a guardian, though at the same time none of them, for the most part, challenged her authority. Nor would they hesitate to call for her assistance when they needed it. Jace, in turn, tried her best not to trample on their dignity. She let them all alone as much as she could, even if she disapproved of their behavior. Which was very often the case. So long as each kept within its territory, and didn't start trouble outside it, she didn't believe the spirits of the forest wanted more from her. Her purpose as she understood it was to maintain an ongoing natural balance, and more crucially, to defend the jungle as a whole against invaders, whatever form they appeared in. It was not her appointed duty to judge or to command-not unless forced to. There were times that happened. More than a few, alas. There were times one or another of the tribes acted too aggressively or too selfishly. They earned themselves admonishment, and so Jace would set her teeth and deliver it. 

The Sink, as the name indicated, was a sunken, circular section of the forest, with steep sides. Perhaps a crater. Its bottom was obscured, because trees had entirely filled it. As Garis stood at its edge with her toes curled at the very brink (flexing nervously as they tended to do) the tops of those trees stretched before her little brown feet to the Sink's far side. That canopy was dense enough, rippled by the wind, it could almost be mistaken for the surface of a green lake. 

The Sink, she reasoned, could be no deeper than the trees were tall. Assuming the trees inside it were the same as the rest above—she thought it highly unlikely they wouldn't be—this meant the Sink's depth matched between four and five times Garis's height. Not all that bad a climb. It wouldn't take her long. It wouldn't be tough. And she wouldn't have to descend the cliff face itself; she could just use the trees. They pressed so close against the stone wall she could hop down into the top branches and descend almost as easily as using a ladder.

Big and crowded as the Sink was—pretty damned big, and extraordinarily overgrown—surely it still wouldn't take her long to find Whisper down in there. Surely Whisper would hear her coming the moment she started, and come meet her. And he would come fast as he could, which was supposed to be amazingly, frighteningly fast. 

He would be eager. He would be excited. 

2. 

Whisper was a snake. An intelligent snake, and also a giant snake, with shining silver scales and crimson eyes. His forked tongue, for some reason, was very pale. Almost as white as his fangs. 

His body was as thick around as one of Garis's thighs, maybe a bit thicker. Lengthwise, end to end, it was hard to tell with certainty how far he went. Because when you saw him he would be coiled and looped around the tree branches in various ways. Garis's best guess, he probably extended three times her full height. Perhaps four. Perhaps more. 

Perhaps much more. Very hard to determine.

He had not always had that body. Which was the principal problem with him. Whisper had once been human, a powerful wizard before he came, or was brought, to the Last Jungle. Some grand experiment of his had gone wrong, or possibly that was a lie, and enemies of his had deliberately cursed him and transformed him. He couldn't change himself back, whatever the cause, yet he still possessed great magical capacity, and a fair amount of wisdom, wide-ranging. According to Jace. 

Another thing he possessed in great capacity was lust. Obsessive lust. And it remained entirely human lust. He had no interest at all in copulation with other snakes. He only desired humans to mate with. Beautiful human females. As Jace the Jungle Goddess just happened to be, whether by good fortune or ill, as well as both her two young apprentices, Lunir and Garis. 

"Never go there, either of you," Jace had told them, many times. "Never go near its edges. Not alone, nor together. Not unless I'm with you. Though I can think of no reason I would ever wish or need to lead either of you into that place. Whisper adopts a courtly manner, when it suits him. Do not be fooled by it. The serpent cannot be trusted. He is a predator. He is devious, he is swift and he is strong. Worst of all, he is perverse. Very, very perverse. Stay away from him. If either of you encounter him outside the Sink, flee at once, and find me. Do not hesitate. Do not ask his intentions. Do not attempt to bargain with him, or to deceive him. Do not speak to the creature for a single moment. Do not try to spy on him from cover or track him by yourself, even if you believe he's unaware of you—leave that task to me. Were he to catch hold of you, it won't be a meal he has in mind."

This morning, Garis was about to break all of her teacher's dire commandments. 

It wasn't the first time she'd broken Jace's rules, however. That wasn't true regarding Whisper, but many other prohibitions of equal importance. Jace didn't know. Neither did Lunir. They didn't have a clue. They suspected nothing. They didn't know her very well, not like they thought they did. They had a mistaken sense of Garis's nature, Garis's needs. Because Garis herself had done a damn good job fooling them. She enjoyed it. She took great pleasure in it. 

She had been willfully, severely and repeatedly misbehaving for a considerable period. She took damn great pleasure in that too. Greater pleasure, actually. Pleasures, plural. Far greater. 

In light of what had happened, it was lucky now for the others that she did. Her misbehavior—her knack for it, her gift for it—was very likely the only thing that might enable her to save both other women from appalling slavery.

3.

Both Jace's apprentices were former princesses, princesses in exile. Yet their exiles had come about for very different reasons. Lunir didn't know it. She thought their histories were nearly identical. That wasn't true at all. Lunir was sent to Jace because she'd lost her country, because her birthright had been usurped. And because her family's enemies still felt threatened by her bloodline and still hunted her. Garis, in contrast, was sent to Jace not for protection, but as a punishment. As an erasure, in fact. She had dishonored her family. She had disgraced herself, in their eyes, and she was cast out. 

Far as she knew, her family never intended to take her back. She didn't fret over it. Garis herself wouldn't want to return home if they should change their minds. She despised them all as much as they despised her. 

They'd wanted her to make a marriage of state, and she'd intended to go along with it, despite the great age and the great ugliness of the man she was to have been joined with. She understood the necessity for such arrangements. Even so, she had not been willing to give up her other lovers—a stable boy and an apprentice blacksmith, both her same age, both quite handsome and energetic and amusing. She saw nothing contradictory in her plans; her betrothed had several mistresses and wouldn't be putting them aside. But the man would not allow her the same freedom. It would threaten the legitimacy of their offspring. It was an affront to his masculinity. On his orders, her lovers were slain. The deaths were made to appear accidental, not that Garis was deceived. And the man hadn't expected, or indeed desired, to fool her. He'd meant for her to learn her place, which as he saw things, would be under his heel. 

Garis wasn't cowed. Instead, the first chance she got, she produced a dagger and attempted to slay him in turn. She wasn't successful, though she did manage to emasculate the man before his guards separated them. Thus ended their betrothal. Quite dramatic and scandalous. 

Her family announced that she'd lost her wits to a brain fever and would have to be confined and secluded for the rest of her days. At first that was just exactly what they tried to do. It wasn't 'til she made several escape attempts that someone came up with the alternative solution of sending her to Jace. They'd drugged her food, and when the drug wore off, she found herself in the Last Jungle, sprawled face down on a riverbank like she'd just washed ashore, like she'd been in a shipwreck or flung overboard, though she didn't remember either of those things happening. She hadn't been wearing anything when she awoke, and when she rolled over, Jace and Lunir were crouching over her. Jace had clearly been expecting her and was pleased to meet her. Lunir's face showed the opposite on both counts. That first encounter had established the dynamic between them that persisted to the present—bewildered skepticism, impatient resentment.

It had been a spell, according to Jace, that transported her from her cell to the jungle. Sometimes Garis had doubts about that story. Sometimes she wondered if she was really still in that cell, in a coma from the drug. Just dreaming, this whole time. Or perhaps she'd died in there—perhaps her family had poisoned her to get rid of her, once and for all—and it was only her ghost that had come to Jace. Not that she felt like a ghost, nor did the Last Jungle seem ghostly. Her body remained as tangible as it used to be, and so was everything around her. Then again, if they were all ghosts in a ghost world, that might explain why it didn't feel that way. They fit together; they were all made of the same ghost stuff, whatever that was. 

It didn't matter much, actually. If this was a dream or a delusion or the afterlife, a new and separate existence, it worked pretty much the same as her previous one, more or less. She didn't float around; she had to use her legs same as before. She still had to breathe and sleep, eat and shit, all the rest of it. She still got aroused, periodically. Frequently, to be more accurate. That was how she'd always been—well, since puberty had hit her, a couple years prior.

She saw to those needs, when she felt them. She saw no reason not to. In her view it was absurd to ignore or suppress those impulses as the others seemed to; it took too much effort and she didn't understand what the point was supposed to be. Garis simply found herself new enthusiastic partners among the Tiger tribe. Since she knew even without asking that Jace and Lunir wouldn't approve, Garis kept them both from knowing about those relationships. It wasn't particularly difficult for her. She'd got plenty of practice in her old life arranging discreet meetings of that sort. It only ever takes a little thought, a little preparation. Same as anything else. 

Recently there had been some difficulties, and they'd been growing worse. Not any trouble or challenge from her teacher or fellow apprentice, thankfully. This was all coming from the other side. Her current partners had begun to overcomplicate things. The idiots had become competitive. Possessive. She wasn't sure yet how to settle them down. Perhaps it might not be possible. Perhaps she would soon have to end those relationships and look elsewhere. It would be unfortunate. It would be aggravating.

One was the Tiger chief's son. And it had probably been a mistake to start something with him, because of his position. He'd suddenly decided that sharing her attentions with another man in the tribe was a diminishment of his honor, or some shit along those lines. Never mind the fact that the other relationship started long before theirs did. Hadn't stopped him from starting something, honor be damned, and now he expected her to give up the earlier guy, just like that. The fact she hadn't immediately chosen to do so on her own, he evidently interpreted as a failure of his lovemaking. Then the first man indicated he felt much the same way about her starting things with the chief's son. He couldn't grasp that another man might catch her eye. Just because she liked one fellow didn't mean she wouldn't take notice of another. Didn't mean she'd stopped liking the first. Nobody likes eating the exact same food every day ... 

Selfish infuriating idiots, the pair of them. They should just start fucking each other and leave her out of the contest altogether. 

Of course she couldn't even begin to make any decisions or plans about that problem until this whole new ghastly mess with Jace and Lunir and the Bone Tower was sorted out. If it could be. 

Which of course was no way to think—it was gonna have to be. One way or another, whatever the cost. 

4. 

She shrieked a little when Whisper's head appeared in front of her, and she nearly fell from her tree, but caught herself because her reflexes were good enough. He hadn't really pounced at her. Instead his motion was slow and lazy. He was facing away from her at first, when his head lifted from the leaves, and then craned around. His eyes widened and his nostrils twitched, and then he smiled. The next branch she'd been about to clamber on to was actually his neck, which was had got his attention—or so he pretended, in any case. Now his snout was close enough that the tip of his tongue, when he flicked it out, brushed back and forth across her nose and her chin, as if he was sampling a taste of her.

Having penetrated the canopy, she'd discovered that the bottom of the Sink was flooded. A swamp. No undergrowth down there; the tree trunks rose from water, or rather, a brown-green surface of floating muck. Which had a strong, unpleasant odor. Garis couldn't quite judge how deep the stuff was. If she climbed all the way down there, the muck might only cover her ankles. Then again it might be much deeper. Or even if not, the bottom might not want to support her weight. It might be a bog that would try to suck her down entirely.

The point being, she would need to play the monkey and stay up in the treetops. Just as Whisper did. Once he'd revealed his presence, she was able to trace the rest of his form through the surrounding branches. And yes, he was threaded through all of them, all around her, every direction she looked except downward. She had climbed right into the midst of his coils, without noticing. 

Embarrassing, to say the least. 

"Good morning. Hmmm. You are called Garis, I believe?"

She nodded. "I am." 

"Why have you come to this place, little one?" asked the snake, and the tone of his words had the same stretched and languorous quality as the draped encircling loops his body. "Wouldn't your teacher be displeased? Surely, surely she would. For myself, I will not say your appearance is ... hmmm ... unwelcome. You must know, however, I am not to be trifled with. This is ... hmmm ... reckless of you." 

"Well," she replied, with as nonchalant a shrug as she could muster, "I am often reckless. I have always been reckless. But I did not come here on a whim. It is said you have great strength and great cunning. Today I am in need of both. I have come here to ask your help."

"Most intriguing. Help with what, my dear?"

"Warriors. Too many for me to take on by myself. The men called the Tenacious."

"Do you speak of those beyond the mountains, or the garrison they maintain closer to us, at the Bone Tower?" 

"I speak of the latter. The garrison. They have taken my teacher captive, and not just her. They've also got Lunir."

"The other apprentice, the older one. Your semi-sister."

"Yes. I must go to them and I must get them away from there."

"Of course you must." 

"I know I cannot accomplish it by myself. So I've come to you. I ask for your aid." 

"It's a wise move, little one. The Tenacious soldiers and I have tangled and tussled on prior occasions. They've deliberately invaded this domain of mine and hunted me. Tried to make a trophy of me."

"I was aware of that. Every time, you drove them away. You bested them." 

"Yes. Yes indeed I did. Except it's not quite right to say I drove them away. Not all of them, you see. A fair number of those men never left this place."

"You ate them."

"I ate them, yes." 

"Did you like eating them? Were they tasty?"

"I suppose they were." 

"Would you like to eat more of them?" 

"Hmmm. I wouldn't mind. That's not to say it would be worth the ... exertion you're asking of me, as well as the risk. Not by itself." 

"I didn't expect it would." 

"What else can you offer me?" 

"Favor for favor." 

"Careful, child. Do you realize what you're offering? Do you understand the sort of favor I would ask of you?"

"I believe I do." 

"But still, why come to me? There are others you could turn to. Close friends among the Tiger tribe. The terms of exchange would probably turn out very similar. Yet you'd be giving out nothing you didn't give those boys already."

"How do you know about that?"

"I hear things. Many things. Did you really imagine your activities have been unobserved, all this while? And unremarked upon? Come now, that's folly. We're in a vast enchanted jungle, little one. Full of eyes and full of voices." 

"But Jace has never ... She's never said anything or tried to stop me. She can't know! Does she know? If you know that has to mean—" 

"No, not necessarily. Jace won't know so long as she doesn't wish to. It's one of her particular talents. At present, this is beside the point, isn't it? Surely it would have been much simpler for you to go to the Tigermen. Why didn't you?" 

"You are more powerful than they are." 

"No doubt I am, and it's nice to hear you say so. But what was the real reason?" 
