 Part Three, Cricket

Samuel woke on the foot of his bed and rubbed the weariness from his eyes. He hadn't even realized that he had fallen asleep. Standing up and looking down at his nude body, he began to recap on the events of the day prior. 

Had it all been real?

He threw on clean clothes, stepped out of his room and began calling out for Lucas. He hoped his untrustworthy friend could shine some light on the previous day. Had he really gone to room 318? Had he really had sex with a ghost? Had he really had sex with a gang leader that went by the name of Wyrm? It all seemed so unbelievable to him.

Lucas was nowhere in the abandoned apartment and so Samuel stepped through the broken door frame, hearing the clear plastic sheet crumble under his step. He looked down at the plastic and scratched his head. Maybe it hadn't been a dream.

The hallway that his room was attached to was empty, aside from a man passed out against the wall further down. Sounds of people shouting at one another reverberated down the walls from one of the rooms nearby but Samuel didn't pay it any mind. People weren't exactly the happiest around here. He guessed it came with the territory. Homeless, drug-crazed, sad, and hungry tended to lead people toward a crabby attitude.

"Woah," called a feminine voice from behind him as he stepped into the lobby of the abandoned building. He turned to see a familiar face and smiled back at the woman. "Looks like you've seen better days."

"Haven't we all," Samuel said with a wry smile as he stood still and watched the young woman approach him. 

He didn't know her real name. Most residents of the building refused to give their real names. But she went by Cricket and Samuel was happy to oblige the strange nickname she had given herself. She skipped the last few steps toward him and looked into his eyes with her usual bright smile.

"I mean you look like shit," she laughed, giving him a playful punch on the arm before looking behind her to Samuel's apartment. "Where's your shadow?"

"Lucas was taken by some thugs yesterday and I haven't seen him since," Samuel explained. Sudden panic began to rush through him. What if they had killed him?

"I'm sure he'll be fine," Cricket offered, placing a comforting hand on his arm. 

Samuel looked deeply into Cricket's eyes and felt some of his concerns wash away. He really liked the woman. She had a good head on her shoulders and he had never seen her partake in any drugs with the others. She stood at a fairly short stature and kept her red hair cut in a short bowl like fashion that really fit her freckled angular face. She was thin, as were most that lived in the building, and had small breasts and moved with a grace that spoke of years of experience living on the streets. 

"Thank you," he said.

Cricket looked over her shoulder again before looking back at him. The expression on her face had changed slightly but Samuel was having a hard time reading it.

"There's something different about you," she whispered, leaning closer to him.

"You've already established I look like shit," Samuel laughed. 

"No," Cricket shook her head, her expression not changing. "It's still you but I feel this urge to..."

She cut off as her face grew red. She leaned in a bit closer and placed her lips directly next to his ears as she pulled him closer.

"I want to have sex with you," she whispered. "I don't know what's going on here. It's strange. I've always thought you were hot but I don't do stuff like that, you know. Sex often leads to unnecessary difficulties and so I learned to suppress my urges a long time ago."

Samuel stood up straight and looked down at her. She held her head cocked slightly to the side as she studied him. He didn't know what to say. He found Cricket to be absolutely gorgeous but the thought had never occurred to him to look at her in a sexual way. She was so smart and sweet that he considered her an angel in such a dark place. He didn't want to turn her down but he also didn't want to change the bright way that she looked at him.

"I'm not gonna," she whispered with a forced chuckle. "There's just something different about you."

"Wyrm," he whispered to himself, a bit too loudly, and Cricket's eyes opened wider as she registered what he had said.

"You had sex with that cold-hearted lady," she asked incredulously. 

"She practically jumped me," he explained, now lowering his voice to a rushed whisper. "She didn't really leave me much of a choice."

"Come with me," she ordered before grabbing him by the hand and pulling him down to her apartment.

Cricket's apartment was much nicer than his. For one, she had a working door. For two, she lived alone and therefore was able to keep the place looking almost like a normal apartment. Everything was clean and the windows were wiped so that the light that shined through felt warm and inviting. She closed the door behind them and turned to face him.

"Wrym is the big boss man's girl," she explained as she walked across the living room and sat down on the clean couch cushions that she had laid across the floor. She gestured for him to take a seat across from her on another cushion. "If he finds out then you will be dead."

"I had no choice," Samuel protested. He felt his heart begin to pound. "She didn't leave me any options."

"Was anyone else there," she asked, placing an index finger to her lips in thought.

"She had two big guys with her," Samuel explained. "But she sent them out of the apartment with Lucas before taking me back to my room."

"Great," Cricket whispered sarcastically. "I know the two. They're dumb as rocks but they like to run their mouths a lot."

"I'm dead," Samuel moaned, dropping his face into his hands.

"Not so," Cricket said as she reached over to place a comforting hand on his leg. He looked up from his hands to see her looking in his eyes once more. She shook her head as if rid her head of something before going on. "I can snoop around and see what's buzzing around over at the Dragon's hangout. If I catch a hint that they are on to you then I can come back and help you go incognito."

"Thank you, Cricket," Samuel said, smiling.

"That still doesn't explain your sudden sex appeal," she said after a moment. "What is going on with you? Wyrm took an insane chance by sleeping with you. She wouldn't do that normally. She knows the consequences. What happened before Wyrm?"

Samuel didn't know if he should tell her about the spirit in room 318. He wasn't sure if she would laugh at him or maybe become angry with him, thinking he was making fun of her. On the other hand, he didn't want to lie to her and definitely didn't want to refuse to tell her anything.

"I went to room 318," he began, deciding that the truth would have to do. 

He told her the entirety of his previous day. He explained what the ghost looked like, what he had done to her, what she had given him and about Wrym taking the figurine and Lucas from his apartment. She sat completely still, with her legs crossed and taking his entire story in. Once he finished, she sat still for a long moment, digesting what he had told her.

"Let's go to room 318," she said suddenly. 

"What," he asked, shocked. "Didn't you hear me? I wasn't lying, Cricket. There is a ghost in room 318."

"I heard you," she said as she tilted back on her cushion in thought. "I want to see it for myself. I've heard the horror stories and they don't exactly coincide with what you just said. If she is real, and I hope she is, then I'd love to meet her."

Samuel thought in silence for a long moment before finally nodding his head. Cricket pumped her fist in the air with a silent "yes" and stood up.

Samuel and Cricket walked up the final flight of stairs and started down the hallway that led toward their destination. Cricket's excited steps were so fast that Samuel had to constantly pick up his pace to keep up with her. Soon, the two were standing in front of the shut door. Cricket leaned forward and rubbed her fingertips against the number plate on the door.

"I've always wanted to come up here but never found the courage," she whispered to him as she turned to look him at him. "You have some balls on you for doing that."

"Well, you're here now," Samuel stated with an encouraging smile.

"So I am," Cricket agreed with a firm nod before turning back to the door. She placed her hand on the door handle and tried to turn. "It's locked."

"It was locked the last time too," Samuel explained. "I started to walk away and the door opened."

"So," Cricket said awkwardly. "Should we walk away then?"

Before Samuel could answer, the door popped open. Cricket leaped back and stood behind Samuel, peering from around his arm. He took a deep breath and stepped inside.

The living room was empty but he expected as much. It had been empty the day before as well. He walked down the small hallway and pushed the door open to the master bedroom, Cricket shadowing him closely.

"You know what," Cricket said, her voice shaking. "I believe you. We can go now."

Samuel turned to look at Cricket, who had just stepped inside the dark room and saw the door slam shut behind them. Cricket leaped into the air and squeaked in shock as darkness swallowed her whole. He could feel her arms wrap around him in a hug for comfort as her breaths sounded loudly and quickly.

"Is she hear," Cricket whispered, holding onto Samuel tightly.

"I brought a friend," Samuel said loudly to the darkness. "I really hope you don't mind. You never said I couldn't and I trust her."

"A pretty thing, she is," the spirit's voice softly called from the shadows.

Cricket's hold grew tighter around Samuel as she heard the voice. The woman's breathing grew more frantic as she began to pull him back toward the closed door.

"I'm sorry," Cricket called loudly. "I'll go now. I don't want to bother you."

"Nonsense pretty thing," the spirit called back. "Let me set your mind at ease."

The same soft light from earlier faded in, illuminating the bedroom. Samuel looked to the foot of the bed to see the spirit, in all her beauty, standing on the floor and eyeing him with a smile. He returned the smile and watched as the ghostly woman glided across the room to stand closer to him and Cricket.

"Please don't be afraid," the spirit called to Cricket as she lifted the woman's head by gently placing two fingers under chin and lifting. "I promise not to hurt you."

Cricket looked up and her jaw dropped when her eyes locked onto the spirit.

"You are beautiful," Cricket sighed in disbelief. "Samuel was right."

"Thank you for your kind words, Samuel," the spirit said, sharing a knowing smile his way before turning her attention back to Cricket. "And what exactly did Samuel tell you about me, may I ask?"

"I told her everything," Samuel explained. "She was the only one that I felt could help me."

"Help you with what," the ghost asked, arching an eyebrow.

Samuel explained what had happened after he had left room 318 the day before. The ghost stood and listened while he explained everything from the figurine being stolen to Wyrm's advances.

"Troubling indeed," the ghost said once Samuel's story had finished.

"Do you know why Wyrm wanted to have sex with him so badly," Cricket asked. She seemed to be working up more courage around the ghost now that she could see that the spirit wasn't as evil as the stories made out.

"It seems to be a side effect," the ghost answered immediately. 

"A side effect from what," Samuel asked, growing concerned.

"I'm not exactly of this world," the ghost explained, rubbing the back of her hand down the side of his face. "You may have gained some kind of sexual essence from me after our encounter. That would explain why this... Wyrm... was so attracted to you, which is out of her character if I'm understanding correctly."

"It is," Cricket nodded.

"And what about you," the spirit asked, pointing her stare directly at the woman. "What do you feel when you look into Samuel's eyes?"

"I..." Cricket blushed and looked away.

"As I thought," the spirit said. A knowing smile spread across her face as she looked back up at Samuel. "And why haven't you had sex with him yet?"

"I don't...," Cricket began. She straightened her shoulders and looked back at the spirit before continuing. "I don't mix sex with my daily life anymore. It causes too much trouble."

"Does it now," the spirit teased. "So I would imagine that it is quite a struggle for you to hold back from jumping on Samuel right now isn't it?"

"I can manage," Cricket stated in a huff.

"But why bother," the ghost retorted. "Why put yourself through so much trouble just to avoid this imaginary trouble you speak of? You have an excuse this time. It's something otherworldly that is pulling you. It's not an emotional pull, Cricket. It's something else."

"Samuel is a friend of mine," Cricket protested.

"All the more reason," the ghost explained. 

Cricket was still standing behind Samuel, with her arms wrapped around his waist and locked around his stomach. The spirit placed her hands on Cricket's arms and pushed them down until her hands were free from each other and placed over Samuel's crotch. The ghostly woman held Cricket's hands over his crotch as she stepped up on the tips of her toes and pressed her mouth to his.

Samuel felt a chill run down his body as the beautiful ghost's tongue slid into his mouth. Thoughts of what he and the spirit had done the day before rushed through his mind as he flashed back to when he had been on top of her. He remembered looking down on her face of passion as he came inside of her.

Cricket's gasp drew him back from his memories and Samuel looked down to see that the spirit had pulled his pants down and placed the woman's hands over his growing erection.

"Don't fight it," the ghost whispered to Cricket as she stepped back from Samuel and looked around him at the woman. "Give in and enjoy it."

Samuel felt Cricket's hands wrap around his rod and looked down to find his shaft was fully erect and throbbing in anticipation. The ghost floated back to the other side of the room and gestured toward the bed. She still had that smile.

"Are you sure," Samuel asked over his shoulder.

"I..." Cricket swallowed before going on. "I think I have to."

Samuel felt something compelling him toward the bed and before he knew what he was doing, he had guided Cricket to the white mattress. She released her grip on him as he turned to face her. She looked up into his eyes. The soft glowing light showing her freckled face in an expression of hope and passion. He sat down on the edge of the bed and reached out, unfastening the button of her tight khaki pants and sliding the zipper down. She breathed long breaths as he pulled her pants down to reveal her red cotton panties, which were already becoming saturated.

"I don't believe this is happening," she whispered as she lifted her legs to allow him to remove her pants completely from her legs.

He slid his hands up the back of her legs and stopped once he held a hand over each of her ass cheeks. She breathed in sharply as he gently pressed his face to her lower stomach and licked up from the waist of her panties to above her belly button. He began kissing and licking her stomach as he slowly worked himself back down to her panties. With each inch he moved down, he pulled her panties down two inches so that, by the time he made it to her shaved pubic area, her panties were down below her knees. She lifted a leg and allowed her panties to fall off her ankle just as his tongue found her warm pussy.

"Oh god," she moaned.

He pulled her leg to his side so that her foot was resting on the bed beside him, allowing him easier access to her slit as he worked his tongue over her clit before diving it deep inside of her and then back out again. This went on for long wonderful moments until he pulled his face back and looked back up into her half-closed eyes.

"Lay down on your stomach," he told her in a whisper. She opened her eyes fully and looked down at him before nodding.

She crawled onto the bed and laid down on her stomach. Samuel sat on the edge of the bed and slid his hand up the back of her legs and over her ass to continue up her back and under her shirt before sliding his hand back down again. She breathed heavily as he enjoyed the small firm curves of her body.

He straddled a leg over each of hers and walked up the bed on his knees until he felt her asscheeks on either side of his cock. Her breathing was heavy but steady as he pushed down on his shaft and began to slowly slide the tip of his rod up and down her asscheeks, stopping each time the tip pushed against her tight and puckered asshole. Each time the tip rubbed over her bud she curved her back and let out a soft cut-off moan.

Each passing of his tip to her back hole, he pushed a bit more but didn't push it completely inside. He just pushed against it and kept moving. Her breathing was increasing and her moans were becoming louder as the pressure grew more and more extreme against her.

"May I join," the spirit called and Samuel looked to his side to see that she had moved up to the bed and was watching his cock hungrily.

"Be my guest," he was shocked at hearing the words come from his mouth so casually.

"Lie down on your back," the ghost ordered and Samuel did as she said.

The specter pulled Cricket up from her stomach and turned her around to face away from Samuel. She guided her over his cock and Samuel watched as he throbbing erection slowly disappeared in Cricket's asshole, causing the woman to cry out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. He wrapped his arms around the woman as she lied back, pressing her back to his chest as the spirit began working her mouth and tongue in and around the woman's wet pussy.

"So good," Cricket was moaning as the spirit lifted her up and down on his cock as she plunged her tongue in and out of her cunt. "So good!"

Cricket turned her head and locked her lips to his as the two shared a long and passionate kiss while the spirit worked the woman's ass up and down his rod. Samuel felt Cricket's movements grow faster and faster as her moans grew more forceful. He heard the wet smacking sounds of the spirit's mouth and tongue at work and before long, Cricket's asshole closed tightly around his rod as she released her kiss with him and screamed wildly.

The two laid still for a long moment. Samuel could feel the rhythmic dance of both of their heartbeats on his cock as Cricket's asshole released its death grip as she lay limply on top of him. The spirit lifted her up until Samuel's dick plopped out of the tight hole, before gently laying the woman back down on him once more. He could feel Cricket's soaking wet cunt press against the back of his cock before the spirit's mouth wrapped around it and took him in completely.

"This is strange," Cricket explained, once she caught enough breath to speak. "It's like I had no control over what just happened but it felt so good that I can't bring myself to care."

The ghost worked her mouth faster up and down his shaft, causing him to grunt in pleasure.

"I know exactly what you mean," Samuel agreed. "She's right about the 'otherworldly' thing."

"I almost feel like I'm freed from something now," Cricket said, shaking her head. "I don't know what but I'm freed from something."

Samuel's vision blurred as he felt his dick swell tightly inside of the spirit's mouth. It wouldn't be long until he finished. He was going to cum. Cricket seemed to notice and changed her subject.

"I want you to cum," she purred, reached her arm up so that she was able to place a hand on the side of his face. "Cum for me."

"I'm going to cum," he shouted down to the ghost.
