 People crowded the mall, making their last-minute purchases of Halloween decorations and costumes. As he stood in the line at the food court, his mind drifted to how much he hated coming home from college. He hadn't been back since he'd left for college two years ago. 

At college, no one knew what a socially inept dork he'd been in high school. He'd managed to shed some, though by no means all, of his shyness, and had even made a few friends.

"Steve? Is that you?" shook him from his reverie. He was surprised to see the homecoming queen and most popular girl in school standing there in front of him. "Hi, how are you?" she exclaimed as she reached in to hug him.

He stiffened at the unexpected embrace. Wendy had always been kind to everyone, but they had not been close enough for this sort of greeting. "Um, good, I guess. How have you been?"

"I'm good. I'm taking dance classes at the community college. Why don't we eat together and catch up? Get your food and join me right over there." she said, pointing to a nearby table.

He got a salad and made his way over to her table. Unlike most, he'd started eating better at school, and had shed twenty pounds since high school. He wasn't pudgy any longer, and while he'd never be mistaken for Adonis, he was in good shape.

"So, tell me all about school in the city. I've missed you so much. How have you been?"

"Things are good," he replied, "I'm in a joint physics/computer science program, and I like it." He didn't know what to make of her comment about missing him. They'd never been closer than her saying 'hi' in the hall. Mentally, he chuckled, because he realized that might qualify her as his best friend from high school. He'd been invisible since grade school to most of his classmates. 

"I'm sure you're doing great. I bet you're popular with the girls at college. Us girls like the smart ones." she gushed.

"Um, Wendy, I've never been popular with girls. Us talking now is the longest conversation I've had with a girl in years."

"Oh, stop. So, got any plans for Halloween?"

He shook his head, "No, I'm only here for some family stuff, and hoping to get back to school as soon as possible."

She reached out to touch his hand, "Hey, want to help me set up for the Halloween festival at my church?"

"Um, I don't know. My schedule's tight." Steve stammered.

Batting her eyes as only the gorgeous girls can, "Pretty please?"

He couldn't resist and relented. "Sure, I can give you a few hours."

"Great, how about right now? We can head over in my car, and I'll drop you back here after?"

He agreed, and after they'd cleaned up the remnants of their meals, followed her to her car. 

She agreeably chattered as she drove, reaching out to rest her hand on his thigh every so often. After about twenty minutes, they arrived at her church.

"Looks like we're the first ones here," she said and unlocked the door, leading him into the darkened church. She flicked on a few of the lights, "Don't need to turn them all on; we try to save electricity when we can."

In the dimly lit center area, he saw a weird contraption. It looked like a table standing vertically with four straps, two at each end. He looked at Wendy, wondering what it was.

"Oh, that. It's for the haunted house attraction. It's always a big hit. Come here, let me show you." and took him by the hand, guiding him to the table. "See, a person puts their hands up there and their feet down there, and the straps hold them in place."

She laughed, "Here silly. Stand right there, and I'll show you how it works."

He obeyed, with his back against the table, and she quickly strapped his arms and legs into the device. He struggled against the restraints but realized he couldn't move.

She kissed him lightly on the lips, "Stay right there. I'll be right back."

He heard the click as she turned off the lights, and was in the darkness for several minutes. Then, he heard another click, and a brighter light came on, illuminating the table and the surrounding area.

"Come on, Wendy. Let me out of this. It's not funny," he growled.

Then, he saw movement in the shadows just out of the light. He saw a woman moving towards him; naked save for a mask with the face of a jackal and curling horns. 

He'd fantasized about Wendy since he was a kid, and recognized her body, even without the clothes because he'd memorized every inch of her form.

She approached, kissing him lightly on the lips. He heard chanting from the darkness, and she began to cut his clothes away.

He struggled against the restraints, which bound him tightly. "Why are you doing this? Let me go."

The tatters of his clothes fell away, and despite his anxiety, her naked form had him fully aroused. She brushed her lips against his again, "Shhh, relax, and enjoy the show."

She began to dance to the rhythm of the chanting. Her hips gyrated, and her arms and legs moved gracefully. She had spent her time well in her dance classes.

Her firm, supple breasts swayed as she began to move more briskly, as she pranced and leaped erotically back and forth before him.

His member throbbed as he watched, and he wanted nothing more than to be freed so that he could hold her and worship her.

She came to a rest before him, as her hands roamed up and down her abdomen and chest. She caressed herself, gently kneading her breasts, and her nipples stiffened.

He moaned, "Please, I can't take anymore. I need you, Wendy. Please."

She moved closer to his immobilized form, and the intensity of the chanting from the darkness increased. She reached out and began stroking his cock.

He gasped at her touch. No female had ever done this. He began to think he might not die a virgin after all. She stroked him with increasing vigor, and he winced as a ring she was wearing cut him slightly on his penis. 

He shot his load uncontrollably, and she caught both the semen and some of the blood in a vessel she held in her other hand. She continued to stroke his shaft, as he felt the table move from a vertical position to the horizontal.

From the darkness, he heard cries and moans. He realized that people were watching this, and they were having sex.

"What's going on, Wendy? Let me go." but he struggled in vain.

Her small hand continued to slide up and down his shaft, and he again shot more sperm and blood into the goblet she was holding.

She joined him on the table, kneeling with her legs straddling his, just below his penis. "Please," he moaned, "let me put it in." Her hips rubbed slowly back and forth on his legs, and she inched her way forward until she was straddling his abdomen.

He tried desperately to arch his back to make his entrance as her vagina passed his still swollen member, but the restraints were too secure.

She ground herself against his abdomen. He heard the chanting and the moans and cries in the darkness rise to a thunderous crescendo. He closed his eyes as she gyrated. It was more than his virginal body could take, and he spurted yet again.

"I'm sorry, Steve. We needed virgin blood and semen for our fertility ritual. I can give you your release now."

She slid back, raising her pelvis, and lowered herself onto him. He moaned, as she impaled herself on him. Her slick pussy slid up and down on his shaft, and she leaned forward so that he could kiss her breasts. He took a nipple between his teeth, and she bit her lower lip, as he bit down gently on her nipple.

She rode him relentlessly, giving as much pleasure as the pain she'd caused earlier. She reached out and undid the restraints around his wrists, and his hands found her breasts swiftly. He mauled them with his hands roughly. She smiled lasciviously, and she lewdly stretched as she bounced on his prick.

She arched and back, and cooed, "Just a little longer, hold out just a little longer..." and her orgasm hit. She shuddered violently, and Steve spasmed, spurting twenty years of pent up passion into her.

Wendy collapsed forward and sprawled on his body. She kissed him, and lay there, catching her breath.

Her eyes twinkled as she said, "In a few minutes, I'll let your legs free, and we'll see what you can do when you're not all tied up. We don't want to waste the fertility ritual, do we?"

He gasped, "I'm ready now. I've had a crush on you for as long as I can remember."

She giggled and patted his cheek, "I know, silly. Girls always know. And, we do like the smart ones."