 Mavis' body rattled. Tremoring gently in a rhythmic, steady pattern. Her face lay expressionless and her flowing black hair covered half of it. Her features lightly shook with the rhythm. Mavis gave in to the seduction of exhaustion. Her motionless body shook, and her eyes rolled back as the dark oblivion consumed her.

The train home from work rattled her as it rambled along the old metal tracks. It shook her, lulling her to the black timeless void of sleep. It had been a long day. The new guy at work, Ben, was still silent as ever, but he filled her mind with needs. It was the way he looked at her, as if trying to devour her with his eyes. 

Thankfully she had the next day off due to it being Halloween. She was in no mood for visitors, though she wanted to have Ben with her, doing things to her. She felt so uneasy about how he made her feel. She wasn't a confident woman and he could see that. She had never really been satisfied by a guy before, she barely knew how to flirt and she all of a sudden found herself overtaken with a hungry arousal for Ben every time she saw him. She didn't like it. 

The train continued its rhythmic chugging. A visitor or two tonight might be nice, maybe some little monsters wanting candy, but preferably not. No matter, she had planned a night in with Lucy. Mavis had a playlist of monster movies to stream, she had popcorn, pumpkins, alcohol, the whole package. 

Darkness was gradually falling across the country side. It was heavy for six o'clock in the evening, even in the last days of November. A thick fog loomed and slithered through the wet fields. Again, a thick arousal drifted through her body under her work clothes at the thoughts of Ben having his twisted way with her. Mavis slipped in and out between a blank abyss and reality. She was warm on the train. She rested her head on the curtain bunched up at her side. The train jolted her awake once again and she groggily looked out her cold window. 

Through the trailing condensation on the dirty glass, she saw dark figures in the gloomy, grey, foggy fields. Trees and cows of course. Although her mind played at the idea that they were a hoard of the undead rising from the earthy pit that they had once considered a resting place. Now they were free to prowl and wreak gory desolation across humanity.

The loud, incoherent drone of an announcement rang through the train carriage that the next stop was imminent. Mavis' stop. Time to force herself back up from the comforting dead reverie of exhaustion, and walk home. 

"Better not let the zombies get you, Mavy," she thought absently to herself in a voice that wasn't hers. A voice that just entered her head. A dark and crackling growl of a voice.

As the train began to slow, in a field adjacent to the station, Mavis could see what looked like the blackest kind of dark, an unnatural darkness, materialise in the dense, dank fog. A floating, pulsating, living and a quite aggressive ball of black smoke. In the center was the figure of something familiar. A dark male figure, bare from head to foot, tall and muscular, was walking along beside the train. Its feet gliding above the ground, moving as if taking graceful, deliberate and menacing footsteps. Its eyes were on her. They looked at her in a familiar way. A familiar feeling of unwarranted and uncontrolable arousal came over her. It was unsettling, but good. Those were Bens eyes. Drawing her in. How could it be? Ben is Caucasian. The naked black figure waved at her, and a soul disturbing grin spread across its charred and crackled lips. It clutched her in its grasp, as if trying to pull her from her seat. Disrobe her. Strip her limb from limb.

The train let out a long, strained honk that jolted Mavis awake. Breathing hard and fighting a stupor she looked around to find the train in the station and filling up with new people. She silently shook with the arousal, wrestling it into submission. Mavis then gathered her things, left the cabin, and sheepishly began her walk home from the platform. As she left the station she shot a dubious look to a man that was checking her out and wasn't being discreet about it.

Keeping to the street lit footpaths, Mavis made her way through the dark walk ways of her town, passing all manner of decoration in closed shop windows. The fog was a bit thinner with the orange lights looming above, that wasn't saying much because she could barely see clearly. The whole world that was so real to her seemed drowned in an ethereal, depthless, thick grey and orange haze. The air was so cold, so humid, and she gritted her teeth as it caressed her warm skin through her clothes in an unwelcome breeze. 

Mavis lifted her head to scan about her, the street was mostly quiet save for a car or two. In the blurry distance she caught sight of something. Moving. An intense chill wriggled up her spine and up into her cranium. Deep inside her skull. Her breath staggered and she stopped dead in her tracks. Her teeth clacked and chattered as a deep cold came upon her and from within her. A dark cold. A decayed, but living cold. Those weren't just chills. She felt hands between her legs, countless hands all over her body, she couldn't move. They were under her clothes on her bare flesh. Skitterning, sliding and grabbing at her body all over, even in her sensitivive places.

The black hands were rough, they groped her. Poked, prodded, fondled. They squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples. Pulling her hair. Grabbing her, and sinking fingernails into her very soul, as if to try and choke her of even that. She heard pleasurous but agonised, howling moans all around her. Masculine howls, femanine screams, of agony, torture and pure euphoria. Deep in her brain. As her arousal heightened all she was aware of was the wails that possessed her senses. Wails that heightened in agony and pleasure as her fear and arousal grew more intensely with each pinch or fondle.

The hands continued to molest her. Clawing at her. Digging in. Crawling along her skin. Inside it and underneath it. Touching her up in some debauched and devious foreplay. Touching her very soul with their frozen and insistent assault.

She couldn't understand it. That dark figure was so far away and yet it seemed like it had her. It seemed like it was inside her. In more ways than one, in every way.

Fingers were creeping farther up her thighs. A warm tingling flooded her depths. The fierce and raw arousal swept over her whole body, adding to the sensations of the violent and painful hands. She stood frozen in the misty night, her breath materialising in front of her as it rapidly exited her mouth. A bubbling, rising, wriggling feeling erupted up inside her and some dark fingers exited from her throat, and others entered her mouth. Even more entered her flaming, wet pussy.

"BOO!" Yelled a young man in a cheap skeleton mask from out of nowhere as he jumped at Mavis. She doubled over, flinching in fright and put her hands up to protect herself, letting out a cry of fear. 

"Jeez, lady, somebody is taking Halloween too seriously!" the skeleton chuckled in surprise and moved off with his group of evil dead, waving a half empty bottle of vodka around at his posse. Mavis could smell the alcohol on them.

"Dude your costume isn't even that scary." Mavis, from deep within her blinding storm of arousal and hazy fear, heard one of the other broken voices squeak out in roast. The line warranted laughter from the others. As they faded into the murky darkness the cheap skeleton replied with a half hearted, drunken, cliché of a comeback.

"Your mom was pretty scared."

Mavis took a deep breath and looked ahead of her where the dark shape was and saw nothing but some miniature monsters with their parents running to a house. In the distance were a group of drunk and screaming college babes, running around half naked in skimpy costumes and lingerie. 

Mavis put the insanity she had ust experienced down to exhaustion, she was falling asleep on her feet. She had to get inside and get showered. Hopefully she would be able to wake herself up a bit for when Lucy arrives and saves her from the zombies, that were forever crawling, hobbling, dragging detached lower legs behind them... Grunting and groaning for gore.

As she walked on through the ever darkening evening, off into the fog, a low, crackling growl emenated from the chilling black. It hummed up from the recesses of nightmare, with Mavis none the wiser. It was certainly no zombie.

--

The almost searing hot water fell down onto her back between her shoulder blades and trickled down her naked spine. The heat was turning her damp, hot flesh from a pasty pale to a light scarlet. Mavis lathered soap onto her skin, over her firm breasts and down her legs, rinsing the foamy liquid away. 

She lay her hands on the tiled, cold wall and rested her weight against it. Allowing the suffocating steam and piping water to engulf her raw, bare form. Her dark hair was soaked and plastered to her shoulders and upper back. A knee moved up as she rubbed her wet thighs together and pulled a foot up along the other leg. The feeling of heat and humidity cradled her almost weightless body. 

Water flowed down her nicely shaped crack and down in between the insides of her hot, sensitive thighs. She was relaxing. Mavis was no longer exhausted. Comfort took over and she allowed herself to be calm and content. The stress and grogginess were being washed away and the tension in her muscles was just a memory. Mavis pressed off the wall and turned to face her front to the shower. 

She pulled her hands up through her dark hair and pressed it away from her face as the boiling stream splattered across her breasts, trailing down across her nipples invoking a pleasant tingle. A hand moved down over her fleshy, pert summit and down her ribcage. Her hand felt nice, soft, compared to the rough black hands that felt so real. Oh but they did feel good despite how terrible it was.

The black naked form of the apparition drifted into the forefront of her mind. The skin, like coal or soot, the flexing and ample muscles. The long, thick, hard erection and bulbous testicles bobbing and bouncing as it, or he, walked alongside the train. So close to her. 

Another hand moved down and over her abdomen, crossing her firm midsection. Mavis was happy with her body, she didn't need the gym to feel good about herself. To feel sexy. Her fingertips found the mound of sparse, dark and wirey pubic hair that topped the parting of her legs.

Yet another hand moved over the firm and round flesh of her damp rump. It quickly spanked her wet cheek and sent a wave of sudden pain and pleasure into her vulva. Mavis instantly saw another hand, a black hand on her white skin. Moving up her chest, and even more crawling their fingers up her legs. As they moved, water that was flowing down Mavis' skin turned black in the wake of the rough, insistent, imposter hands. Almost like how charcoal would turn water black. 

A strong, black muscular arm held her body. She felt the strength of the entity behind her, the solid body pressing against her. The solid, black, imposing erection hard against the skin of her spine. It was well over a foot taller than Mavis. 

Her trembling hand continued down through the thicket of soaked pubic hair. A feeling of urgent anxiety and painful longing that was too tough to resist now dominated the calmness. Her finger brushed over the soft wet skin on her clitoris and sent a light, warm shock of electricity through her depths. She rose up on her toes briefly at how delicious the feeling was. She was safe and sound alone in the shower, with the black thing. Mavis should have been scared, but it felt too good. 

She dipped her finger into her folds and felt the wet, slick warmth inside. Another few hands were groping the flesh of her ass, pulling her cheeks apart causing her labia and anus to stretch open. More were squeezing her breasts, firmly grasping at the flesh and mercilessly pinching her little pink nipples. 

One hand drew away and spanked her left cheek again, sending another sudden shock of pain through her meat. A good pain. It had been so long since she had touched herself as intimately as this. After her last encounter with Ben, Mavis wasn't intent on allowing herself to give in to the sensation of pleasuring herself. She was nervous of how he made her feel, how he made her want. Mavis was resisting the way Ben awakened unprecedented desire in her. 

Again as the entity pushed against her, and all across the inside of her body, under her skin, she tried to resist. It was all she could think about when it came to sex these days. Ben. His eyes on her. She couldn't stop, she wouldn't stop. 

Her finger penetrated her depths and pushed deep inside as she pressed her weight against the wall. The dark reflection of Ben seemingly entered her soul and caused her to shake with hot, unstoppable disorientation and pleasure. It was like a vaginal penetration, but her entire soul down to the the tiniest grain of her core was penetrated. Her wet, warm back was assaulted by the freezing, cold shower tiles behind her. 

Mavis' finger pulled out but again plunged in, rooting and scraping around for her g spot. The inside of her tight pussy screamed as she moved over it, causing her to almost drop to the flooded floor of her shower.

"Yes Mavis!" the dark, crackling whisper rang in her ears. She was sick to the stomach, but it was a good sick. Butterflies. It felt like her insides were tumbling over and over themselves but she relished it. Her spine was alight with electric sensations coursing through her nervous system. The numerous hands got more hungry. Rougher, more violent even, as her arousal heightened. 

Mavis lifted a leg up and rested her wet little foot against the adjacent wall as she dropped down. Sliding her body to the ground, opening her legs wide and adding a second finger to the quivering chasm within her abysmal depths. She felt like she was descending into Hell and she wanted nothing more than to receive the pleasure that the searing oblivion promised. 

Her pelvis bucked at the stretching she felt down below. Her finger tips massaged her g spot deep inside her, effortlessly entering and rising out of her slick, grasping hole. The hot shower water cascaded onto her body, right between her legs, over her inferno ridden vulva, adding to the feeling. The splashing heat caressed her clitoris as it flowed down. Soaking the dark matt of hair that covered her genitals.

The hands all began to congregate at her agonised clitoris while one or two stayed on her nipples, and others played at her tight, little anus. Her heaving lungs let out strained groans of pleasure. Then a jagged gasp that preceded a finger pushing into her anus. Mavis was tipping over the edge. 

Her other hand dragged a line of spit away from her bottom lip as it moved from her sloppy, drooling, bubbling mouth down to her clit and feverously jilled it with finger tips slathered in thick saliva. The black hands joined in. 

A swarm of black, undulating, wriggling hands, palms and fingers flooded over her mound, completely covering her pelvic area. She inserted a third finger, stretching her tight pussy farther, as it and her ass hole, for that matter, were raided. Her body was jerking and gyrating as the hands began to enter her. 

First a few fingers, along with hers, then they all invaded and entered both holes completely. She was split open beyond her limits as she lay naked on her back with her legs spread wide and her knees on the ground, held tight to her shoulders by her arms. Her cunt and ass were raised skyward and Mavis was folded in half.

Furiously fingering herself now with four merciless and grating fingers and brutally tearing at her engorged and slippery clitoris, the pain adding to the pleasure, Mavis allowed the sensation of capsizing and exploding to take over. Her body violently shook. A lustful scream broke out of her straining core, she was there.

"Yes Mavis, Yes!" The fervent, black voice urged her on, shouting at her over her breathless and drawling howls. Her body rocked and bucked as she split open, the many hands plunging deep into her pussy and ass, roughly fisting her and vanishing into her. 

The sick stomach sensation rose turbulently from the pits of her core and up her throat. She felt like she would start vomiting but her pussy was consumed in hell fire. Her throat filled with a quickly rising, wriggling thickness and erupted in a gagging burst of saliva and black hands exiting her mouth, grabbing at her face as she screamed and continued to orgasm more intensely and violently than she had ever done in her life.

Her neck was being squeezed and pressed on tightly by choking hands, allowing barely any air or sound through. Her neck, temples and forehead were in danger of bursting blood vessels. Her face was red, slack and sloppy from the strain of the orgasm, saliva churning up and splattering out of her mouth, her jaw locked in a teeth bearing howl. Her jaw suddenly opened wider than it ever has and an agonised wail rose from her lungs.

As if the ecstasy couldn't have gotten more severely high, she exploded. Her pelvis rose off the ground and her feet pressed her body up, and even walked a few steps up the shower walls, her upper back was still pressed firmly down into the corner of the shower unit. Mavis had never squirted, but as her insides quaked she gushed out a black spray that splattered against the steamy glass of the shower door and all over her naked body. Turning her nearly as black as the black entity. Her face got a number of good gushes of black before the plummeting orgasm slammed to a brutally abrupt halt.

Mavis was left with steaming water quietly cascading over her orgasm wracked body and flooding her quivering, grunting face. The hands were gone, the black splatters were gone, but she felt like it wouldn't stop. The rippling pandemonium still hurtled and crashed deep inside her. 

Her wretched corpse finally relaxed. She trembled to stand, shaking and jerking, unsteady on her feet. Her body was damp, and despite the heat and steam, she was battling a freezing chill that coursed through her body. Pressing a shoulder against the cold shower wall, to keep herself standing, Mavis pulled on the cord that hung beside her and the water receded. Lucy would be there any minute. Mavis had to get ready. 

She felt so naughty. So sexy. So free. She wondered if it was sick that she wasn't repulsed or guilty about what she just did. She no longer cared, she was liberated, as if risen anew. Her imagination had certainly not failed her. A grisly and unquestionable transformation had begun the moment she met Ben. She was always so shy and quiet. Then Mavis began noticing Ben's eyes on her. His body looked so good, and now she had satisfied her need.

All was good. Quiet. Mavis needed that. She looked at her dried off naked body in the long mirror that she had in her bedroom and blasted her hair with the hair dryer. She noticed as she looked at the reflection of her petite butt that there was a hot sting radiating on her left cheek. She ignored it and sat on her bed naked. She drew her knees up and applied red nail polish to her toes. Her little vulva pressed out between her legs and flooded with nice cool air. Still aching from the rapture it had just experienced. Opening the wardrobe door she pulled out her dark red witch dress. Mavis then had a cheeky idea. There was no need for underwear under her dress. Lucy wouldn't know. She felt far too sexual for underwear. 

Mavis stepped into the dress naked. She slowly pulled it up her bare body and enjoyed how it felt. She pushed her left arm through the single frilly shoulder strap, which quickly dropped down her upper arm. She didn't bother fixing it. Reaching behind her she pulled the laces tight up along the back of her black leather corset. Which, she noted, was made with amazing details, and full of straps and web patterns. Fitting it around her midsection, Mavis drew on the laces that held it together and tightened it to her body. With a few last pulls and adjustments under her breasts and the corset fitted her form perfectly. Her braless chest hung naturally and inside the thin, frilly and abundant dress fabric. The corset framed underneath the forms of her breasts nicely. 
