 His erection was buried so deep in her mouth it felt as though he would coat her brain with his orgasm, and she wanted that. She wanted that more than she had wanted anything ever. That was the new thinking going on in Caitlin's new mind. She was on all fours leaning over the back of her bed. The hand made of solid shadow held her head firmly. The heat that radiated from that strong hand penetrated her mind and its fingerprints were certainly imprint themselves on her soul. And she marveled at the pleasure that raced through her as she wanted to perform this act of worship. 

✴✴✴✴✴✴✴✴✴✴✴ 

Caitlin woke up that morning, this time without her sleepshirt on. Her head was spinning slightly and a murmur of self-satisfaction escaped her lips. Her wild wet dream of the evening was fresh on her mind but she was still blissfully unaware of the evidence imprinting itself on her physically. 

She willed herself out of her blissful state, slipped naked out of bed, and into her warm heavy white robe. She headed downstairs to fetch her coffee from the automated machine. She poured in a touch of the pumpkin spice creamer, smiling at the thought, and settled with her kindle at the breakfast nook to enjoy the morning sunshine. Her mind just wasn't focusing itself on the reading she had planned. She put the device down and inhaling the scent of her coffee, stared dreamily outside, working to hold on to the blissful state she woke up with. 

With the chiming of the mantle clock she was started to awareness, caught daydreaming. 'Damn!' Cait thought 'first nightmares now daydreams... Get it together, and get in the shower.' 

Running late she started the shower, and pulled out an outfit for work. There wasn't much thought to it as most of her work suits looked alike, blue or black or gray... Today was not a gray day she thought to herself, she was feeling good and gray was a color she usually choose when she was down. Today's a nice day for that black outfit with the powder blue top. That should be a nice touch of color. 

It was after she got out of the shower that she noticed that her breasts were indeed larger than it was before and still sensitive to the touch as they were yesterday. Toweling off, each breast felt heavier and firmer than when she went to bed. "Well I can rule out pregnancy," she thought wondering why she would be putting on weight. Water retention? Growth spurt? At thirty-three you would think I would be grown already. It had to be a growth spurt because it wasn't just her chest growing, she noticed a subtle change of an inch in height. She was definitely an inch taller, even in her bare feet. 

She started getting dressed, but ran into the same problem as yesterday. Only now, none of her bras would fit. Not even her secret backup 'binge ice cream pig out' bra. Ok, plan B, a sweater and skirt day and a trip to the store. There were a couple of files she needed to go over for the Ipswich project, but most of the items were delegated out to others at the firm. The mission critical milestones won't be delayed by Caitlin working for home. Her computer in her home office was upgraded with a VPN access to the firm for this project a couple of months ago. So why not take advantage of a 'chance of snow' day and make some of the more sensitive phone calls for this project at home. 

After fixing herself up and slipping into a light brown cashmere sweater, enjoying the softness against her sensitive breasts, and a loose flowing skirt she settled into work mode in her antique cluttered office. The desk she bought a couple of years ago was said to have been used by Theodore Roosevelt. 

After taking care of the agenda items for the day, Cait decided to treat herself to a lunch out, and a trip to the lingerie shop in town. A series of bell chimes announced Caitlin's entry into the lingerie shop. Certainly a welcome noise as there had been only two customers that morning, one was a quick pantie pick up, the other a friend of Aimee's who stopped by for a bit of tea and a chat. Aimee always had amenities at her shop, making it a point of being a place to not rush. Being a new shop in town Aimee wanted customers to really feel at home. 

The store was subdued outside with split display windows on either side of the door. In one window Aimee set up a couple of mannequin forms sporting not their usual lingerie but 'costume' items in stock, a sexy witch, and next to her a very sexy witch. In the other display window were two conservatively dressed mannequins at a round table having tea, with Halloween touches. 

"Hello," Aimee said with warmth in her voice, "Can I help you today?" 

"Hello," Caitlin replied somewhat startled to see a "sexy witch" behind the counter but she quickly recovered, it is three days to Halloween and they do sell these costumes here she reasoned. "I needed to stop in today because my weight has been changing and I think I need a fitting, do you do that here?" 

"Yes, of course! I'm quite expert at it," Aimee said getting a good look at her fresh new customer. A very appreciative look indeed. Aimee's sexual orientation had her well suited for enjoying her job. Even though Cait was wearing a loose fitting sweater and skirt Aimee had already had a good feel for the measurements but she was keeping that to herself while she welcomed Cait to the shop.

"Enjoy a bit of brew," Aimee said dipping a ladle into a warm 'cauldron' set near the coffee and tea service and gave Caitlin a punch glass of warm mulled wine. "A seasonal specialty of the house". 

"Thank you," Cait accepted "you have such a lovely 'home'." 

"I want to create a place that's less like a store and more like a refugee from the outside," Aimee said "Are you in a rush or would you like to sit a spell?" 

Cait welcomed the opportunity to be out and enjoy a new experience. The shop was more like a Starbucks than a clothes shop but that was the kind of space Aimee worked hard to create. A place to relax and unwind as she thought that was what lingerie was really all about. And Aimee was a woman who liked to entertain, and really get to know customers. 'Especially the attractive ones,' she thought to herself. 

The two woman sat and chatted about the local goings-on over a cup or two of the mulled wine. Cait was pleased to have someone showing a bit of interest in her for a change. She was not consciously aware of Aimee flirting with her, but through their conversation Cait found herself growing more and more interested in Aimee. 

The young 30'ish proprietress, was very understanding, Caitlin thought as the two continued to chat about how Aimee came to opening a shop, and Cait came to being suddenly single. She found herself smiling into Aimee's blue eyes, the shoulder length blond hair, warm smile, and pointed sexy witch hat all come within Cait's scrutiny, but Cait found her eyes more focused on her hostess's cleavage and the revealing sexy witch costume. 

Aimee welcomed the attention her appearance made on Cait, she was feeling quite compelled by her new acquaintance also. She always enjoyed a bit of flirt with her customers but, she was feeling something a bit more welcoming about Caitlin, a kindred soul feeling and Aimee was looking forward to a bit of seduction on a slow afternoon. By the third round of "brew" Caitlin had not noticed Aimee sweep past the shop door and let the outside world know she would "be back later." As luck would have it, a light early snow outside made that decision easier. Her next decision would also be an easy one for her. 

As Aimee handed another wine to Cait, Cait noticed the tattoo on Aimee's soft, slender, sexy, limb. 

"Is that a real tattoo?" Cait asked, thinking she had seen it somewhere before. A circle of Celtic scrollwork with a triquetra triangle inscribed within it 

"Oh yes, it's real alright! my friend Susan and I got matching tattoos when we spent a weekend on the Massachusetts coast. It's supposed to be religious or something but I just liked the artwork" 

Cait found herself revealing to her new friend that she really wanted friends to do things with. She dismissed her confessional state as being the byproduct of somewhat liberal libations but she did not deny to herself that she did enjoy the company and the attention of this woman. After her divorce she found that the few superficial friends she did have were not real pillars of support, and some were more inclined to her ex's side of their story. 

Cait really enjoyed another glass of brew and the women's conversation had in an hour or so cycled around to underwear and getting fitted. Aimee was more in her element as she took Caitlin by the hand and led her back to the spacious fitting room. Cait, a bit tipsy in the afternoon, was happy to be led. Aimee left Cait on the settee and returned with a couple of items which she already knew would fit and flatter, and placed them on a small side table. 

"Let's get you measured," Aimee said as Cait got to her feet. 

Aimee leaned into Cait with her arm around her as she whispered conspiratorially in Cait's ear, "We'll have to get you naked first." 

That elicited a smile from Cait as she worked her sweater up over her head, Aimee's smile was more mischievous. She stepped behind Cait and was undoing the zipper to Cait's skirt. A second later Cait was naked and feeling somewhat good about that. 

Aimee took in the sight of her new friend, the shapely hips and surprisingly firm breasts. As she worked the measuring tape around Cait's very responsive and receptive breasts, Aimee discovered what her nude friend had known for a day or two now. "Wow! Those are sensitive, aren't they?" Aimee whispered in her ear again. Aimee's warm breath melted Cait's hesitancy as well as her neck. Aimee's hand had simply brushed against one of the breasts and Cait's nipples came right to their aroused state 

"I don't know what's been happening to me lately." Caitlin didn't want to reveal the effect Aimee was having on her, Cait's body had other ideas. She felt herself enjoying the warmth of Aimee's touch. And the fragrance of her when she came close. 'There was something so compelling about her... and her... lips,' she thought as she tentatively met Aimee's lips with her own. She wasn't really aware of the fact that she was openly kissing her new found friend. Cait didn't go 'that way' she thought to herself. But there was something within her letting her go, allowing her to be swept up in the moment. Feeling her body respond so willingly and easily to Aimee's touch, Cait was soon embracing the sexy witch and enjoying the woman's lips. 

With their arms entwined and their lips locked Aimee brought her arms around and massaged Cait's breasts, as the pleasure worked its way through Cait, she brought her lips to tease Cait's aroused nipples. The sensation whirled around Cait's head and she moaned her acceptance. As she was slightly swooning on her legs Aimee helped her to the settee. As Cait lowered herself on it, Aimee knelt down in front of her nude friend and her hands parted Cait's legs easily. 

Cait's mind was a blur of thoughts, feelings, and sensations, all of them new to her. Cait's body betrayed her and collaborated in her own seduction. Then something in the back of Cait's mind reassured her that Aimee was right where Aimee should be, kneeling before her and making her head swim with desire, and satisfying an itch long dormant. As Aimee's warm breath blew against Cait's red-haired pussy, it was blowing on the coals of a dormant fire, the little flame relit started a fire within Cait that would soon burn through her soul and culminate in a fire of desire in her being. 

As Aimee's tongue pleasured Cait to a new dimension of sexuality, her hand found its way into her sexy witch costume to apply the right pressure to her own pleasure points. She knew exactly where those fingers would go to get her to the same destination her tongue was taking Caitlin. Moments later their climaxes came together in a chorus of breathless "oh's", and "ah's", as the tension which had built up inside them exploded in a release Caitlin never had with a woman, and had not had with a man in... she didn't recall. She couldn't recall anything at the moment. For now her head was just... satisfied. They held each other a moment kissing gently, tentatively, the novelty of it sinking in with Caitlin and the suddenness of it catching up with Aimee. 

Cait put on her sweater and shirt. Feeling somewhat flustered and unsure of herself, she quickly thanked Aimee said she had a nice time and offered hasty goodbyes retreating from the shop for the safety of home. Grabbing her coat and bag she dashed back out into the light snow outside. Aimee, taken off guard by the sudden departure, stopped and settled down thinking that Caitlin would be back. There was just something about the hat, gloves and bag of underwear on the counter that gave Aimee that impression. 'She can't go commando all the time,' she thought with a smile.

Caitlin arrived home with so many sensations flowing through her, arousal satisfaction confusion, but mostly concern as to why she was acting so out of character lately. She was certainly not wanting to consider that this current project might be a bit overwhelming. That was mostly likely not the cause as she had worked projects larger and more complex than this. But this was the first she had a real ownership stake in. 

'No, a bit of a soak in the tub and that will clear my mind and settle me down,' she thought. The water was warm as she slid down into it. Relaxing in the large claw-foot tub and watching the snowflakes fall outside the master bath she let the water soothe her. Soaking, her thoughts drifting back to meeting Aimee at the shop, Cait hadn't noticed her one hand running over her growing breasts or the other hand between her legs. Her thoughts swirled with images of her and Aimee and the pleasures two women could enjoy with each other. 

Cait came out of her daydream as the late afternoon sun started setting and the darkness moved across the steamed window. Damn! She got out and into her warm robe and headed into the bedroom for her cell phone. She checked the time before making the call, glad that Chicago was an hour behind. She had to make sure that the courier with the project drafts delivered them here at her home rather than the office as it looked like tomorrow would be a nice work from home day also. As she finished making the arrangements, that's when she recollected that the tattoo on Aimee's arm was similar to a design she had seen on the architect's drafts. 

Cait spent some time clearing up her home office. She made sure to pick up and sort some papers from her desk, and secured her project files. She put these in a leather carrying case and brought them to the dining room. Most of tomorrow's work would be done there in order to take advantage of the larger work surface the dining table would provide. After clearing off her ornate antique dining room table for tomorrow's meeting she decided to call it a night. 

Having gotten the dining room ready for tomorrow, she stepped into the living room. Fetching a fresh candle, she made sure to replace the burnt one in the Dullichan. Lighting the fresh candle and seeing its glow reflected in the window, she was satisfied that her Halloween decorations were set. She then set off for the kitchen. After she poured herself a glass of wine, she was on her way upstairs to read before turning in. 

She had been sound asleep when a sudden shudder woke her. A knowing fear was in her eyes as she sat up, naked. It had been this way for the past two nights. Something tangible was happening and this was not a dream. Something is wrong in this house and it was beyond her mind's acceptance. No matter how much she choose not to accept, the shadows still moved along the moonlit floor. They gathered as they had before. The now familiar shape was being called forth from the room's moonlit shadows. The sinister look, the powerful body, the commanding presence of the Dullichan appeared at the foot of her bed.

Wisps of shadows emanated from the Dullichan. The shadows did not push Cait back down as it had yesterday, instead, tonight, they were pushing her forward. The shadows behind her pushed on her shoulders bringing her up to where she was on her knees, kneeling up near the edge on her bed, her legs spread. A wisp of shadow wrapped around her, molding itself to her breasts, and she could feel a pleasure transmitting from the shadow, into her breasts, and though her warming body.

A wisp of shadow now wrapped itself seductively along her spread thighs, warming them with tendrils of pleasure as well. Snaking itself up her left thigh, then down her right. It turned and pulsed its way between her legs lighting a fire of lust within her. The shadow ignited a flame of pleasure welling up now from a forgotten place within her. She thrashed and writhed as the pleasure washed into her. Her eyes shut tight as the shadow entered her, filling her, flooding her mind with bliss. 

Cait let out a cry in the night of desperate need, and then she exploded with release. The wisps of shadows dissipating as she fell back onto the bed. The sinister smile and flickering eyes looking down on her brightened.