 Michael Cannon settled himself into his favorite armchair which was sitting in the living room of his new house, looking around with glee... at the moment there wasn't much to look at considering that he hadn't actually moved anything into it other than the armchair -- and his bed upstairs in the master bedroom -- but that would start tomorrow. He considered it quite an accomplishment that he owned his own house at the age of 25, most of his friends were still renting or living with their parents... of course, the house was way outside of town, but Michael had always loved the quiet and the country. And the rumors that the house was haunted should've really driven the price up, not down, he thought with a grin. Looking around the old house, he could understand how rumors had gotten started... all the floors were hardwood and everything creaked... since there was no furniture he could feel strange breezes as he walked through the house, and any old house was going to have a history. Still, Michael felt incredibly comfortable and already at home in the creaky, empty, old house... some of his friends had offered to come over and spend the night with him but he'd rebuffed them, saying that he wanted some time to himself that night. Just him and his new place.

Grinning, Michael went upstairs to take a shower and read the new book of ghost stories that he'd gotten before going to bed.

In the middle of the night, Michael awoke with a start, feeling someone getting into the bed... it was a large bed, queen size, but he could still feel the weight of someone else getting onto the opposite side that he was sleeping on. Startled, and slightly freaked out, Michael rolled over and find himself looking directly into the eyes of a very beautiful, softly glowing, girl. Unable to locate his vocal cords, Michael just stared frozen as she smiled and crawled onto the bed even faster. 

Young looking, probably around 20, her skin was pale and luminescent, and he realized with a start that she really was softly glowing... almost as though lit from within by the moon. Long hair -- white and also glowing -- slipped off her shoulders as she leaned forward, her pale lips parted in excitement. Despite the fact that he was as randy as any young male, it still took him almost a minute to realize that she was wearing very little more than a wispy looking nightgown, almost sheer, and a soft, white collar around her throat with a metal hoop at the front of it. 

Trying to rally and gather his wits together, Michael's mind scrambled after what he was seeing... the girl smiled, brilliantly, as he struggled to comprehend what was happening, and asked, "New Master?"

Her voice was soft, almost as wispy as her nightgown which seemed to simultaneously flow away from and hug her body, as she leaned forward the top slid down the curves of her breasts, and the pale pink of the top of her nipple was visible. Michael's response caught in his throat as he felt his dick instantly outmaneuver his brain and harden... while his mind might be having trouble coping with what was happening, his cock was already responsive!

Clearing his throat, he rallied valiantly, "Um... sorry?"

The girl smiled, "New Master?" her voice lilted over the words, anticipation and hope clear, and although she was asking a question it was very clear that she expected the answer to be "Yes."

"Um... well," Michael stuttered, trying to keep his eyes from where her breasts were hanging so temptingly, "I suppose I'm the new Master of the House if that's what you mean..."

The girl's face brightened, and she seemed to glow even more, as she gleefully declared, "New Master." 

Immediately she pulled off the covers, and Michael jerked back in surprise as the cool air hit his body and cock -- which was still standing at attention -- and the girl was suddenly snuggling against him, her hand firmly around the base of his dick. 

"Oh god..." Michael groaned... her body was warm, soft, and her hand began to move with tantalizing slowness up and down his dick, making him shudder as his dick again took the front seat and his mind desperately tried to catch up. 

"Wait, wait wait!" he managed to get out, putting his hand over top hers on his cock, stopping her as she tried to continue the -- admittedly fantastic -- handjob. 

"Master doesn't like?" her eyes were very big, sorrowful and disappointed.

"No, no, I like, I like," he hastened to reassure her, "But... who are you?! How old are you?? And what are you doing here?!!!" The questions his mind had been trying to formulate spilled out of his mouth. 

The girl smiled, "I am yours... you may call me slave or girl or my name which is Christine, and I am eighteen, and I am here to please the Master." Her fingers squeezed around his cock, and she leaned forward and nibbled on his nipple as she pushed away his hand that was stopping her from pleasuring him and continue the hand job that she'd started. 

At this point, Michael's brain got itself together enough to realize that he was dreaming and that this was what he got for reading ghost stories on his first night in a reputedly "haunted" house... especially when he hadn't had intimate relations with a female in months. So now he was dreaming about a ghost girl who wanted to fulfill his every sexual need... it just made sense to sit back and enjoy the dream, especially when it was feeling better than any previous erotic dream he'd ever had. 

Christine rolled on top of him, thighs spread over his lip as she leaned down to kiss him... as her hair got into his face and he brushed it away, it suddenly seemed to take on a life of its own and drifted up and away from them, almost as though a wind was continuously blowing it back... she tasted of cherries and spices, an intoxicating mix that made his dick throb as it rubbed against her soft thigh. Moaning, the girl on top of him pulled his hands to her breasts, which felt as fantastic as they'd looked... Michael slipped his hands inside of her nightgown and squeezed the mounds, enjoying the way she squirmed on top of him. Pinching her nipples, he used the tender buds to pull her down firmly against him, kissing deeply and drinking in the taste of her, greedily his hips moved as though they were already fucking, rubbing against the wispy fabric of her nightgown and the smooth flesh of her thigh, occasionally the head would bump against her wet pussy and make him moan into her mouth. 

Christine wriggled and pushed against him in obvious excitement, her hips moving against his as they dry humped each other, eager hands exploring the other's body. Michael found himself wondering if her pussy tasted as sweet as her mouth, and he flipped over the ghostly, glowing girl and pushed up her nightgown... her pussy was pale pink and wet, she didn't have very much hair between her legs, it was trimmed down, but dewy and tidy. With a moan, Michael buried his face between her thighs, licking and sucking on her succulent pussy... it tasted exactly like the cherries and spice of her mouth, but more intense and he rubbed his cock against his sheets as his passion mounted, the smell and taste of her making him feel intoxicated.

"Oh! Oh Master! What are you doing?!" Michael could feel her pulling away from him, even as she humped his face furiously, and he slid his arms under her legs and grabbed onto her breasts, pulling her firmly against him and giving him even better access to her splayed pussy. Christine's moans were confused, sensual, and passionate, "Please stop Master, I must pleasure you!" she begged, her lilting voice filled with ardor... and as much as Michael wanted to bury his cock where his tongue was pressing, he felt himself spurred on by her pleas, he wanted to pleasure HER first. 

With much begging, and tugging at his hair, Christine's wispy voice reached almost desperate levels as she neared orgasm, her juices flowing freely and sweetly. Michael went at her pussy like a starved man, filling his mouth with cherry and spice, licking and nibbling and using every trick he'd ever learned to bring Christine to fulfillment. As her back arched, pussy grinding against his face, Christine let out one long desperate scream of despairing ecstasy as she began to cum, her body jerking in obvious orgasm. 

Quite pleased with himself, Michael pulled himself up, reading to kiss his ghost girl and then fuck her silly, and was surprised to see tears and an anguished expression as she looked down at him. 

"Christine what's wrong?" he asked, startled.

"I'm so sorry!" she cried out, "I failed you Master, I didn't pleasure you, I was selfish and had pleasure before you!" She pushed him to the side and threw herself over his lap, "You must punish me!"

Michael was quite suddenly confronted with the smooth curves of her ass, as the distraught girl pushed it up at him, her nightgown bunched up around her waist... even her inner glow seemed muted as she begged him to punish her for her selfishness. Although part of him wanted to comfort her and tell her that she'd done nothing wrong... it seemed silly to comfort a dream figure, and besides, he had a fetish for spankings and he'd never gotten the chance to do it, even in his dreams... now this gorgeous girl was begging for it as if her existence depended on it. 

Shrugging his shoulders a little, Michael decided to indulge in the dream...

His hand slammed down on her pert ass with a satisfying SMACK! The ghost-girl's body quivered and she moaned, her hips pushing back as if asking for more... Michael's cock was rock hard against her soft body across his lap as he spanked her. 

THWACK! SLAP! CRACK!

Harder and harder he hit her bottom, Christine shrieked and wriggled, but never tried to get away as sexual fervor seemed to take over Michael's entire being until he was hitting her poor abused ass much harder than he'd hit anything else in his life. Her entire bottom seemed to be glowing red, and she was making little muffled sounds into the bedding like she was crying... 

It occurred to Michael that even in his dreams he didn't want to be this rough on anyone, and he stopped, feeling rather guilty as he looked down at the red, chafed ass of the gorgeous ghost-girl, feeling his incessant hard on pushing at her abused body. Christine looked over her shoulder, tears pouring down her cheeks, and Michael felt even more guilty.

"Thank you for punishing me Master," she breathed, "Now let Christine pleasure you, to show you how sorry I am."

Michael wanted to say that there was no need for her to do anything, but Christine was pushing him down onto the bed on his back, pale thighs straddling his waist, before he could get a word out of his mouth. The ghostly glimmering of her body in the dark was hauntingly erotic as she pulled her nightgown off, exposing her entire pale body to him.... Then she lowered herself onto him and Michael gasped with excitement as her tiny pussy began to squeeze itself over her cock... she had the tightest pussy that he'd ever come across, but she was dripping wet and it felt like heaven... 

Part of him wondered how she could be so aroused after the beating that he'd just given her ass, but the tear-tracks on her face were already drying and she was making moaning noises of contentment as she pushed and wriggled her way down his cock.

"Master is soooo big," she moaned, her breasts bouncing tantalizingly as she worked her way down his cock, Michael reached up to grab on in each hand, pinching her nipples as she humped on top of him, groaning as her pussy finally engulfed his entire length and he could feel her wet folds grinding against his crotch. 

"Fuck that's amazing," he gasped as she raised herself up and then slammed back down again, her face studying him in the dark as she moved her body in such a way as to give him the maximum amount of physical pleasure... Michael tugged and pulled at her sensitive nipples, causing her to wriggle in unexpected ways that just added to the tempo of their fucking. 

However, as skilled as Christine was, her pussy squeezing and massaging his cock with every thrust, Michael had always been more of an 'on top' kind of guy... pulling her down close on top of him, he managed to roll them over -- with her help -- while he was still inside her, barely breaking the rhythm of their bodies as they switched positions. Christine wailed and grabbed at his shoulders as he flipped her legs over his arms and began an assault on her splayed thighs... she was obviously enjoying herself again and yet trying not to as her 'Master' hadn't yet gotten his own rocks off yet. 

Not that he was far from... Michael could feel his balls tightening as he plundered her exquisite pussy, his orgasm coming from behind him like a freight train... this had to be the best and most realistic dream that he'd ever had... 

"oooooOOOOO" Christine wailed, her voice crescendoing at an almost alarming rate.

"Cum with me," Michael commanded through gritted teeth, "Cream all over my cock while I cum inside you!"

Christine screamed out "MASTER!" as her body shook with orgasm, arching up, her arms wrapping around his neck and nails digging into his shoulder blades as he thrust and bucked like a bull... her pussy tightened even more and began squeezing the cum from his cock, milking the fluid from the base of his shaft and into her welcoming body. He could actually feel it spurting inside of her, squeezed out of him, and groaned as his body slowly relaxed into her welcoming embrace, his cock twitching inside of her ever-tight pussy. Then he collapsed on top of her, completely exhausted and sexually content, the frustration of months having been emptied into her willing body.

Murmuring little meaningless noises into his hair, Christine stroked and cuddled him into deep rest, his head pillowed against her soft bosoms....

When Michael awoke in the morning he found none of the expected wet-dream stains... only some pale wispy fragments that resembled his ghostly dream-girl's nightie... 

....To be continued??.... you tell me =D