 When my parents got divorced, my mother and I ended up renting an old crappy house in Alton, just southwest of Austin. I hated it - a dusty farmhouse that made drives into the city very difficult. This was one of those hundred year old farmhouses that had long been abandoned, so my mom managed to get the place for cheap.

During the weekdays, I stayed with friends in the city because I had school and a night job at a gas station. On the weekends, I tried to spend time with my mother who usually got drunk and complained about my dad.

I had just turned 18 and was thinking about joining the military. My mom wasn't even 40 yet, but she looked tired and ragged from too many jobs, too many drinks.

Friday night, a buddy dropped me home. I walked in to see my mom at the table. 

"Christian, this place is haunted."

"What?"

"I saw a black figure upstairs. Quick, like a shadow. I've seen them before. They're all over the house!"

"You're drinking too much, Mom." I threw my dufflebag on the floor and looked in the fridge for dinner. I made myself a sandwich then retreated to the couch to watch TV.

"You believe me, son?"

I ignored her.

A couple hours later, i was asleep on the couch when I woke to some noise. I glanced at the staircase and sure enough thought I saw a shadow for a split second. it moved up so quickly, I had to blink to wonder if I really saw it. But I shook my head - just a trick of the light.

Minutes later, my mom came downstairs. She looked zoned out, stoned. Her long blonde hair was like mine, wild and unkept. She walked straight into the kitchen and made a bowl of soup. Then she brought the bowl over to me and placed it on my chest.

"What the hell, mom?" I started to move it off.

"Soup, Alan." She held the bowl in place on my chest.

I looked at it, "Why did you call me, Alan? Carrots, mom. You know I don't like carrots."

"I'll take them out." She moved the bowl to the coffee table. Then she reached for my feet and started to pull off my socks.

"What are you doing?"

She stared straight ahead, still very zoned out. "You like having your feet rubbed."

"Leave me alone, mom. You're acting crazy!"

At that, she stood up and went back up the stairs.

The next morning, I was sitting eating cereal when my mother staggered down the stairs looking very tired and haggard.

"What was that all about last night?" I asked.

"What?"

"You don't remember? You came downstairs and made me soup and tried to take my socks off."

"What? I don't remember that."

"You did! What's the matter? Are you doing ambien again, mom?"

"No!" she shook her head, looking disturbed. "No, i wouldn't mix ambien with my beer."

The next night, I was upstairs in my room. I was watching porn on my phone when I looked up and I swear I thought I saw a black figure disappear into the closet. I hopped up, opened the door but there was nothing there. Geez, this house is weird. I climbed back into bed and started watching porn again. Soon, I whipped out my dick and started stroking myself.

Again, I thought i saw something. I pulled up my shorts and jumped at the closet door, but it was empty.

It took me a couple minutes to settle down again. Lights and the phone must be hurting my eyes, I thought. I started watching porn again, jacking with my left hand, flipping the phone with my right.

I must have dozed off but I woke to find myself lying on my back in my dark room. For some reason, my arms and legs could not move. I looked left and right but couldn't see anything, the room was so dark.

But I heard my bedroom door open, and even in the darkness, i could make out the shape of my mother walking in, wearing her oversized t-shirt as she walked toward the bed.

"Mom? Mom? what are you doing?" I couldn't move my hands and she didn't respond to my yells.

She walked over to the bed and it looked as if she had that same blank expression on her face. She whispered softly, "I'm ready, Alan. Are you?"

"Alan? Mom, it's Christian!" I squirmed against the bonds that held me. But as my eyes grew accustomed to the dark, I was horrified to see 4 dark figures holding me down. Not real, not real, shadows. I couldn't see their features, just the dark form of a human shape.

"All right, Alan. let's get you ready." My mother reached for my shorts and slid them down. A dark figure helpfully ripped them off.

"Mom! Mom! Wake up! Wake up!" I squirmed and tried to break free, but I was shocked to see my mother levitate up onto the bed. She reached for my chest and rubbed me down to my groin.

"Mom! Wake up for fuck's sake! Wake up!" I had a case of mini-dick now. This was terrifying to me. Then I blinked my eyes because I couldn't believe what I was seeing. A black hand was gripping my dick, its touch was cool but it expertly squeezed the base, slowly massaging me bigger. Then my mother reached out and continued the stroking.

"Omigod, mom!" I twisted in their grip, but it only made me harder. When was the last time my mom touched my dick? When I was a baby? Soon I was swelled up to my full 7 inches in their hands.

"Here we go, Alan. Just the way you like it." And my mother knelt between my legs and with the blank expression of someone possessed, she started sucking me off.

"No! No!" I squirmed and for the first time, I heard the dark figures giggle. "I kept squirming, trying to pull my dick out of my mother's mouth."

"Mmmm, Alan, it's so good." She said the words, but she gave me head without passion. Just a steady up and down motion as if she was controlled by someone else.

"No! Mom, it's me! Christian!" I was gasping in a second, moaning in a minute. I was horrified, fascinated to see my pink dick being swallowed and lathered by my mother's tongue. And then I couldn't help myself, this bizarre obscenity, I groaned as I came in her mouth.

It took 2 swallows for her to gulp my load. Then for a split second, she looked up at me with that eerie blank face. She levitated off the bed, out the room. And suddenly all the black figures were gone.

I jumped off the bed and hit the lights. I was alone in my room. I ran out to my mother's room and banged on the door. I went in to find her asleep. 

"Mom! Wake up!"

She stirred. "What's wrong, Christian!" She looked at me, sleepy, irritated. "Geezus, it's 3 in the morning!"

I looked at her for any sign of what had just happened but I could see nothing on her lips. What the hell? Was that a crazy dream? What's going on here?

"Nothing mom, bad dream."

"Go to sleep, Christian!"

In bed, I pulled at my soft dick. I was pretty sure I had cum. I was totally fucked up for the rest of the night. I didn't fall asleep for an hour and finally slept only to wake at 10 the next day.

I saw my mom in the kitchen.

"Sleepy head!" She almost smiled.

"Did you remember coming into my room last night? Calling me, Alan?"

"What? No! Not what drugs are you on?" My mom laughed.

I was so freaked out that I decided to sleep on the couch that night. I watched TV until 2am and started drifting off when I felt the same sensation of my wrists and ankles being held. I opened my eyes to find the room pitch black except for the rectangle of light from the TV that cast eerie shadows in the room.

I looked at my ankles and arms and squinted and squirmed. Sure enough, the dark figures were there holding me in place.

"No! No!" I tried with all my might to break free but the dark figures were like bands of rubber. Then, I saw her. I saw my mom floating down the stairs.

She was in her t-shirt again. I watched as she floated down to one end of the couch by my feet.

"Alan, you love footrubs." She began to rub my feet.

"Mom! MOM!" I shrieked. "It's me! Christian! It's Christian!"

She expertly massaged my feet but it did little to calm me down. More black hands moved along my body and they tugged my shorts off. Another couple hands encircled my cock and started squeezing, kneading, forcing me to be rock hard.

"Ready for me, Alan?" My mom said. She lifted her t-shirt off and I was horrified to see her mom-bod. She levitated again to hover over me and then she lowered herself onto me. I shook left and right, trying to dodge her vagina, but the black hands that held me, squeezed and pointed my shaft so that my aim was true. I watched in horror as the black hands directed my erection into my mom's unshaved pussy. 

"Omigod" I gasped as if I were choking, "Mom! Mom!" The sensation of being fucked was familiar, but the realization that it was my mother's cunt sinking onto my dick - that was blowing my mind.

She began a slow circular clockwise grind. I looked down to see my dick buried to the hilt into the hairy passage I came into the world. My dick visiting the womb I was from. She picked up speed and to my eyes, her grinding made her pussy look like some monster slobbering away on my body.

I struggled to break free, but the hands held me in place. At one point, my dick plopped out, and another dark hand eagerly pushed me back in. My mother was looking up at the ceiling, her heavy breasts swaying with her grinds.

"Mmmmm, that's good, Alan. Mommy needs dick."

"Mom!" I tried again, "It's me, Christian! Your son!"

But that only made her change directions as she started grinding counterclockwise.

"Alan, you want faster?" Her grinding increased with urgency. The dark figures pulled on my arms and legs, holding me tightly for my mother to fuck.

Suddenly, my mother started counting loudly, "1. 2. 3. 4." each time bouncing hard on me. She was cumming. At 6, she let out a loud moan. Her body fell forward, and her long hair was on my chest.

"You can cum if you want," she whispered into my chest. With one hand, she reached for my own blonde hair.

I stretched my legs and pushed my pelvis upward. I felt the clenching of her vagina walls, the same walls I slid out of 18 years ago. I started spasming as I came, tears in my eyes, puzzled, confused. I shuddered and shivered as I released my load into her. My mom put her hands on my chest.

"Good boy." she said.

"Mom?"

She tensed up and then climbed off me, my dick popped out like a cork. The dark hands withdrew into the shadows as I laid there, panting, naked on the couch. I watched my mother pick up her t-shirt, wiping my creampie from her as she walked up the stairs. 

Must be a dream. Has to be a fucking dream! I looked around the dark room. If this was a dream, where are my shorts? I found them a few feet away and put them on.

My mother was quiet the next morning. She was sipping coffee.

"Sleep well, mom?"

"Okay, I guess. You?"

"No, I had a dream you came downstairs to talk to me."

"Oh, well that didn't happen. I was in bed all night."

I didn't say anything more. My mom announced she was doing laundry so I dragged my dufflebag out to the laundry room.

While she was sorting the clothes, I saw her sleeping t-shirt in the basket. I grabbed it quickly before she could notice and felt it. Damn, it was crusty with my dried cum. Chills ran down my spine. That was no dream.

I held her t-shirt up, "Mom, can you explain this?"

She looked at me, her eyes wide with shock. "Oh, baby. Christian, I'm so sorry."

"What the fuck. mom? You fucked me last night!"

"I told you. I told you the house is haunted."

"What the hell?"

"I've been telling the spirits here that I've been so lonely without your father. I needed a man. The spirits told me they would help me get a man. When you came home, I told them, no, not my son! That's wrong! But the spirits insisted. They told me what to say. They made up Alan. They told me what to do. I didn't mean to hurt my beautiful son, but I needed it so badly."

"Omigod, mom. I can't believe this. You made a deal with some spirits? What the hell?" I looked around the house. "You can't do this, mom. Who knows what kind of spirits they are. We're fucked! Fucked!"

My vision started to blur. I felt darkness around me, even though it was the middle of the morning. It was like being in a fog. I felt myself undress. My mother looked surprised.

"What are you doing, Christian?"

I pulled off my shirt and kicked off my shorts. I spat in my hand and stroked myself hard. As my vision continued to fog, I heard myself say:

"Alan's home and I am so horny." 

It was like a VR game, so unreal as dark hands lifted me into the air up the stairs to her bedroom. I stood there, erect, no longer in control of my body, as my mother entered the room, undressed and sprawled herself on the bed. For a second I wondered if she was doing this willingly or if she too was under their control. But her smile, her look of anticipation told me she wanted this as much as they did.

"Come here, Alan." she whispered. 

My body floated up then lowered until I was kneeling between her legs. The dark hands pulled on my erection and pushed the small of my back, happily guiding me back into that dark place I was born.