 As with all stories of this nature....

It's a dark and stormy night. Victoria is finishing up her first solo beat as a rookie cop. She gets a call from dispatch that there's a disturbance at the old abandoned mansion at the edge of town. She's pretty sure it's a hoax, and the night's been long. She thinks about ignoring the call and just calling it a night, but she realizes that she'll likely never hear the end of it from the rest of the department if she doesn't go. With a sigh, she picks up the radio in the car and acknowledges that she's on route. Looking down at her ridiculous outfit, she sighs again as she flicks on the flashing light bar atop of squad car and drives towards the edge of town.

Earlier that day, as she opened her locker, she found that her uniform had been replaced by a 'sexy cop' hallowe'en costume. When she tried to complain to the captain, he just shrugged his shoulders and said that it would only be for one day, that he was certain that her regular uniform would show up again the next day. He mentioned that a rookie's first solo beat was a bit of a tradition. She had decided to grin and 'bare' it, as she put on the too short skirt, and the haltertop that revealed too much of her bosom and midriff. On the one hand, she felt entirely embarrassed, but on the other hand, it did give her an excuse to flaunt her curves at work. 

Victoria reaches the rickety cobblestone driveway of the abandoned mansion. The gates are open, so she drives up the patch; missing stones on the path making the drive slow and particularly bumpy. She stops the car as she nears the entrance of the mansion. One side of the massive double doors is off its hinges, leaving it askew and cracked open. There's a dim light emanating from inside. 'Maybe this call isn't a hoax afterall,' she thinks to herself as she gets out of the car. The pouring rain drenches her skimpy outfit as she nears the house. She turns on her flashlight, shining it towards the direction she wants to go. "Hello?!" She calls out. "This is the police. Is anybody there?"

All she hears is the sound of thunder in the distance, but there definitely seems to be a light glowing from within. She pushes the door open further so that she can get in and repeats her call. This time, she thinks she hears something. It sounds like faint laughter. But she's unsure if it's the weather playing with her senses. She shakes it off and walks into the main foyer. Shining the flashlight around to try and see if there's anything there, if there's anyone there. 

All of a sudden, the massive double doors close shut behind her with a loud thud. 'That's odd,' She thinks to herself. 'I could have sworn that the door was off its hinges. How the heck—?' Her thought gets cut off as the room goes completely dark. She loses the light from her flashlight also. As she smacks the side of the flashlight to try to see if it can't turn back on, the floor seems to disappear from under her. She finds herself falling, no... floating downwards. Victoria wants to scream, but her curiosity is stronger than her fear. She looks around into the darkness as she floats down. She feels a cool breeze between her legs as she continues to sink, blowing gently against her pink pussy through her thong. Again she thinks that she hears laughter. "Hello?!" She calls out into the darkness. "Is anybody there?!" She's afraid for her precarious situation, curious to its absurdity, and a little excited with the mystery. The juxtaposition of all these conflicting emotions makes her quiver a little.

Victoria hears the laughter again. This time, it's a little more distinct, unfortunately, it sounds like it's distinctly in the back of her head. She can feel the voice dancing around in her head, as it gets nearer and clearer. The voice in her head begins to sing. "Zippidee doo dah, zippidee ay. My oh my, there's a slut here to play". The voice laughs, apparently pleased at how clever it was.

"Who's there?!" Victoria calls out into the darkness.

The voice continues to hum the song happily.

"Answer me!" She shouts. "This is the police!"

This seems to catch the voice's attention. "Ooooh, a police girl," the voice sounds pleased, proceeding to sing again. "Bad girls, bad girls. Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when they CUM for you." Pausing for emphasis on the word come for a moment. The voice's laughter sounding even more amused than before.

"Show yourself!" Victoria shouts again into the darkness. The only response she receives is the singsong laughter inside her head.

Victoria feels her feet touch ground. In the distance, there's a single light shining on a massive single door. She walks towards the door. It must be at least 20 feet high. She looks up at where the light is shining from but sees nothing, just a light shining from somewhere in the otherwise dark room. She nears the door and notices a plaque with words emblazoned on it; shining fiery red before disappearing. It shows itself again and disappears. Repeating itself. Victoria gets closer to the door and notices what should be a golden doorknob. Only, it's in the shape of an erect penis. The doorknob is situated unusually low on such a large door; just below her hips. She furrows her brow as she ventures closer for better examination.

She licks her lips curiously as she touches it. The golden cockknob is warm to the touch. She tries to open the door, twisting the cock, lifting it, pushing it down. While it twitches to her touch, it doesn't open. The words on the plaque shine brightly again, "Quench its thirst and enter" before disappearing again.

Victoria looks around for something wet but finds nothing. The voice in her head laughing again, singing; twisting the words to Mary had a Little Lamb. "Cop girl is a dirty slut, dirty slut, dirty slut..."

"Stop it!" Victoria shouts out into the darkness. The voice laughs before singing a rendition of Comptown Races. "Cop girl is a dirty slut, doo dah, doo dah. Cop girl is a dirty slut, oh doo day day." 

Frustrated, Victoria pulls out her gun, pointing it in all directions, trying to find where the voice is coming from. The voice only laughs and seems to run around in her head. Sighing, Victoria lowers her gun again, resigning to the fact that there really isn't anyone else around. She looks to the door again, the words on the plaque shining brightly again, "Quench its thirst and enter" before disappearing again. She touches the plaque. It's cool to the touch despite the fiery words glowing brightly just a moment before. She tries the cockknob again. It twitches again to her touch. 

Victoria frowns as it dawns on her what she needs to do. She feels dirty thinking about what she's about to do, but shrugs her shoulders as she convinces herself that there's no one around to notice anyway. She spits on her hands before putting them back on the cockknob, stroking the soft golden shaft. The cockknob twitches, but nothing happens. She continues jacking off the cockknob, but to no avail. The words on the plaque shine brightly again before disappearing once more. 

Swallowing hard, Victoria gets down on her knees. She stares down the cock in front of her and rolls her eyes. Closing them, she opens her mouth slightly, sticking her tongue out and touches the tip of the cockknob with it. The warm golden cock twitches again at the touch of her tongue. Determined to get out of this dark room, she opens up her mouth and wraps her lips around the thick golden cock. Victoria pushes her head forward, taking more of the cock into her mouth, trying to get the whole thing in to make sure it all gets wet. She feels the tip of the cock touch the back of her throat. Gagging slightly, she pushes further, feeling it lodging deep in her throat. Victoria pulls back, feeling the cock dislodge from her throat and from her mouth, strings of saliva trace a line from the cockknob to her lips as she gasps for air.

Coated in her spit, the door remains closed and locked. Victoria furrows her brow. Puzzled as to what else she's supposed to do. 'Maybe I have to make it cum,' She thinks to herself. She wraps her lips back around the cockknob and starts sucking on it. When it doesn't seem like it's doing a whole lot, she starts working on it intently. As the only person in the room, she finds herself giving in to the moment. Determined to get the cockknob to cum, she tries every trick she knows, licking it, taking it deeper and deeper, gagging on it as she continues in vain to make it cum. Tears start falling from her eyes from the gagging, from feeling increasingly desperate that she'll never get out of that room. Her desperation prompts her to work even harder on the cockknob, but to no avail. Tears streaming down her face, her lips and cheeks aching, Victoria pulls off from the cockknob, crying, and tired. 

"Stupid, Stupid little slut," The voice's rendition of Mary Had a Little Lamb. "sucks a cock and won't give up."

The voice starts laughing happily again, seemingly glad at Victoria's misfortune. Just as it wants to start the next line, the crying Victoria gets up angrily, taking her gun out of its holster and starts shooting into the darkness. "Shut up! Just SHUT UP!" She screams at the top of her lungs. The voice giggles, finishing his song. "Won't you spread your legs for me. Lovely cunt for me to see. Stupid stupid little slut, let that cock knob make you cum." The voice continues to hum in circles in Victoria's head. 

'You can't be serious!' Victoria thinks to herself. She sighs, 'What do I have to lose? I'm not getting out of here otherwise.' She stands up standing up against the cockknob. She reaches down to push her thong to one side, surprised to find it not just damp, but completely drenched. She didn't think it was possible, but sucking that cockknob had apparently turned her on quite a bit.

Victoria positions herself in front of the cockknob, turning around so that her ass faces the door. She eases herself backwards on to the cockknob. She quivers slightly as the tip of the cockhead touches her pussy lips, feeling the cockhead spread her pussy lips as it slides slowly into her from behind. She can't help as a satisfied groan escapes her throat as the cockknob fills up her pussy. Slowly, Victoria starts pulling herself away from the door, letting the cockknob slowly exit her pussy. She looks back at the door to see if anything's happened. While she hopes that she's finally done enough to open the damned thing, part of her is glad that it's still locked. Slowly, she eases herself back on to the cockknob, letting it fill up her pussy again. She bites her lip to keep from moaning out again.

The cockknob seems to grow as it re-enters Victoria's pussy. Getting slightly thicker. Getting slightly longer. Victoria can't help it, as a squeak of ecstasy escapes her lips. The exhilaration she feels makes her feel dirty, but the juxtaposition of the pleasure and the guilt just serves to excite her further. Victoria's pussy trembles as she starts rocking to and fro, letting the cockknob slide in and out of her slowly. Another groan escapes her throat as her heart beats frantically, adrenaline pumping from trying to fight how turned on she feels.

The pumping adrenaline compels her to rock faster. The cockknob fucking her faster. The pleasure coursing more and more quickly through her. Her chest starts feeling hot. Her face flush. Her breath quickening with every push and pull against the cockknob. Victoria starts pushing herself back against the cockknob faster and harder, her euphoria building. Her moans getting louder and louder; soon the moans become screams as they fill the dark chamber. Victoria's legs begin to buckle and shake with her pending orgasm. Her pussy walls start to pulsate as her orgasm erupts, her pussy juices drenching the cockknob.

Victoria hears a click behind her. The gigantic door opens away from her, pulling the cockknob from her pussy. Victoria whimpers as the cockknob exits her pussy, taking a step back or so, hoping to keep the golden rod inside of her. The orgasm leaving her rather spent, she drops down to the ground, her chest heaving, pussy still leaking. Victoria hears clapping coming from within her head. She can picture the sheer glee of the voice. She can hear it laughing in the back of her head as it claps merrily.

The door opens....