 Victoria picks herself up off the ground and readjusts her now drenched panties. She smiles in spite of herself, and walks through the threshold of the doorway. She enters a room that's entirely white with no end in sight on all sides. It reminds her a little bit of the supply room scene in 'The Matrix' and she wonders a little if she'll meet Neo or Morpheus. She looks back to find that the oversized doorway has disappeared. The only thing she can see are two more doors standing next to each other a few steps in front of her. There's nothing special about the two doors, save for the bright, neon signs, flashing over top of them. One of them reads "UP", the other one reads "DOWN". 

'Curiouser and curiouser', she thinks to herself as she approaches the doors, feeling a bit like Alice in Sex-Wonderland. She looks on both sides of the doors, they just seem to be standing in the middle of the white space and they don't seem to go anywhere. 

The voice in her head laughs, bellowing, "It's time to play, CHOOSE YOUR DOOR!" The voice laughs maniacally for a moment before continuing. "Today's contestant, Victori-cop! The slut from Springfield!" Victoria hears cheers and applause in her head. Frantically, she looks around to see if there might be people watching, or if there are cameras somewhere.

"That's enough!" She yells out into the unending white space. "Let me out of here! I'm not playing your fucking games anymore!" She turns in all directions trying to find a direction to direct her command to.

The voice bellows again, "What'll it be cop-slut? Door number 1?" The "UP" sign flashing brightly before dimming down again. "Or door number 2?" The "DOWN" sign flashing before dimming down again. In the back of her head she hears a crowd of people shouting an incoherent flurry of "One", "Two", "UP", "DOWN". 

Victoria realises that her refusal to play the voice's game isn't getting her anywhere. She paces between the two doors carefully examining them. The voice in her head laughs, starting to hum the theme song to 'Jeopardy' before adding lyrics to it. "Cop girl, slut girl, choose a door. Cop girl, slut girl, choose... a door to walk through..." It continues, obviously amused with the lyric it has added.

She figures that since it was falling that got her in to this mess, she reaches for the door marked "UP". The crowd cheers in her head as she turns the handle and steps through. The moment she does, the door disappears on her and she finds herself on an endless stairway leading downwards. She turns around hoping to be able to go up the stairs, but it ends two steps up and disappears into nothingness beyond that.

"Hey! I chose up!" Victoria calls out to the voice in her head. The voice starts singing "Temptation" by New Order. "Up, down, turn around. Please don't let me hit the ground," changing the lyrics as it sings merrily. "Tonight the cop girl comes alone, She'll find her clothes as she goes home". It ignores her as it keeps singing the song.

"Fuck," Victoria mumbles under her breath as she starts walking slowly down the seemingly endless stairway. After a few steps, she looks back, only to find that again, there are only two steps behind her going up, before they disappear into nothingness. Using the wall to balance herself, she starts to walk down the stairs again, realising that there's no where else to go. Hopeful, that maybe at some point the stairway will end.

All of a sudden, she feels something move against her fingers. She turns to look at her hand that's against the wall and realises that the wall is moving. There seems to be little bumps emerging from the wall, stretching out like protrusions stretching through a latex barrier. The bumps keep stretching through, and Victoria soon realises that they're fingers emerging from the wall. She turns to reach for the other wall, while starting to hurry down the stairs, but finds the same thing on the other side. Fingers, hands, arms, stretching through the wall, grabbing, clawing. She starts running down the stairs, trying to stay in the middle of the stairway to avoid the outstretched limbs and appendages. 

At first she's safe, but she soon realises that the stairway is getting narrower, or that the walls are coming in closer. Some are just hands, protruding up to the wrist. Others, stretched out the forearm, the elbow, the shoulder. Grabbing at her, clawing at her. She tries to stay out of reach, but soon, she feels one tug at the hem of her skirt. She keeps running, breaking free of that hand, feeling the fabric of her skirt tear. Down, down the stairs she goes, the hands getting ever closer, grabbing bits of uniform, clawing at her flailing arms.

Victoria continues trying to wriggle free and fight but the hands are starting to slow her down. With every step she takes becomes more and more difficult as the walls narrow and the arms able to stretch further. The voice in her head starts laughing again, starting to sing to the melody of "Every Breath You Take". Changing the lyrics, the voice sings, "Every breath you take, Every move you make, Every step you take, All your clothes I'll take, You will cum for me..." Laughing happily as fingers finally find Victoria's wrists. She hears her clothes tear as bits and pieces of fabric are torn off, revealing more and more of her skin. Afraid to look, Victoria closes her eyes, defeated; as the hands claw and grope at her body; caressing her arms, pulling at what remains of her uniform.

She feels a hand grab her bare breast as she wonders for a moment when she lost her bra. She shudders a moment as fingers caress, grab, pinch, and knead every part her of body. One strokes her face while another pulls her hair. One pinches her nipple as another smacks her bum. Victoria knows she's naked as she can feel a finger stroke the opening of her pussy from front to back. Back and forth the finger strokes, her pussy reacting to the stimulation. Her nipples harden as a hand clenches around her breast, fingers pinching her nipple. "Oh my..." Her voice trails off as she feels a finger pushing into her pussy. 

Victoria's breath begins to shorten as she starts to moan. Fingers, and hands, all playing with her most sensitive, erogenous zones. Stroking and caressing, pinching and kneading. Two fingers get pushed into her mouth and she finds herself willingly simulating a blowjob. She feels so ashamed that she's so turned on, but the shame turns her on even more as fingers start fucking her pussy and rubbing her clit. Her body begins to quiver and twitch as she feels her orgasm building. She starts to scream with pleasure as her euphoria builds. A finger pushes past her rectum, fingering her asshole, fucking her ass and pussy at the same time. Her body tightens and quakes as an orgasm explodes throughout her body, the hands pleasuring her and protecting her from falling as she loses control of herself. 

Her orgasm subsides, but the hands don't stop. They continue pleasuring her, sending her into wave after wave of ecstasy. She drools from sucking on the fingers in her mouth, taking them deep, down her throat, causing her to gag and choke, but she doesn't care anymore. She wants more. She wants to cum again. More fingers filling her pussy, she feels her clit being spanked, her ass being stretched. Her juices covering her from head to toe, the hands and finger slick from all her juices, slathering all over her slick body. 

Again and again, her body erupts with orgasm after orgasm. All thoughts of shame and embarrassment, melted into her lust and hunger. Her body shuddering and erupting again and again until all of a sudden, Victoria finds herself on the floor. No hands, no arms, no clothes. Just Victoria laying there, naked, panting, spent. 

Another door appears in front of her...