 ~ I am sorry this chapter has taken so long to come but I unfortunately encountered the demon that all writers must battle. Writer's Block. When I finally began to write this chapter the story flowed so easily that it ended up 21 pages long. So I have split that into three chapters. Please not that this story is at time brutal and graphic and would not have been possible without my partner in crime Ajeroth.~

Ajeroth woke from his contented sleep with a satisfied smile upon his face. The memory of the previous days widened that smile. As he rose from his large bed he stretched languidly like some great hunting cat, predatory and territorial. That evil smile curled upon his lips as he stepped away from his bed. His bed was made of the same black stone as the altar and it had a few added features. First were the chains that dangled from each bedpost as well as the headboard glittering ominously in the dim light. Those chains were used to bind his pets to his bed when he wanted them there. He continued to smile evilly thinking of the other added feature of this bed. It was made of living black stone much like the altar that had bound his little fuck toy to hell. The difference was that the altar was a sentient beast while this bed was not. This bed could fuck his pet senseless for eternity without ever stopping. His slut would experience his bed soon enough he promised himself as he turned away. With that thought lingering in his mind Ajeroth stepped into his own bathing chambers to prepare to meet his pet.

The moment he stepped over the thresh hold a mindless broken slave came crawling toward him and he snarled in disgust. This was one of those things he no longer enjoyed playing with. They were so broken that all they would do was whimper during their torment and they had no fight left in them. He would be careful with his new slut vowing not to make the same mistake with her. With a vicious growl he slipped into the heated water and allowed the useless thing to bathe him. Laying his head back he enjoyed the leisurely bath his mind playing over what he would do to his little pet next. He let the thing bathe every inch of his body not bothering to respond to her lustful whimpers. He would have this one sent down to the pits just to be rid of it. He had a new toy to take her place, one that would scream and struggle for him. When the creature had finished bathing him he rose from the water like a towering pillar of granite. It was no surprise to him that his massive cock lay limply against his thigh in the presence of this creature.

Ajeroth stepped from the bathing chamber raising one clawed hand to his face. He let the thing whimper pitifully trapped inside the bathing chamber as he tapped a claw against his chin. He needed to show his pet what could be gained by obedience to his whims but he also wanted her subdued and compliant. The thought crossed his mind of the various minions he had at his disposal before it settled upon a very special pair of succubus. These two females were currently kept in the stables with only the lustful beasts for company. What made these two different from the dozens of other succubus he had was their prehensile tails. Each female had a long tail that ended in a thick blunt head like a stallions cock. The trouble was that the secretions from those tips could turn any creature into a willing wanton plaything. He could sent those two to bathe and retrieve her knowing what they would do to the lush female body of his pet but could they control the amount they secreted was the question.

He would not want his pet that lustful until he had her in his chambers. Then showing her how much she enjoyed what he did to her would be a most welcome sight. He wanted to be there when the toxin wore off, to see the look in her eyes when she realized what was happening. He thought of the pure torment it would play upon her mind when she found her body betraying her, enjoying her rape and torment. With that thought in mind he smiled evilly while he summoned his guards. He gave his demon guards instructions to take the creature from his bath chamber down to the feeding pits and send the two females to him. He settled down at his desk preparing the seal that he would give to the succubus when he sent them to bathe his pet. His cock was already twisting in anticipation when the two voluptuous females walked into his bed chambers. It was a rare treat for them to see this room and he pondered letting them at least watch what he was going to do to his pet. Shaking his head he growled out his instructions warning the two before he sent them on their way. Once they were gone he began to set up the room and ordered a fine meal his pet might get to enjoy if she behaved.

Charna woke slowly to the sounds of bare feet padding around the chamber. She took a deep breath trying to steady her racing hear. She knew she had not been dreaming though the haze still clouded her mind. With slow deliberate motions she shifted her position and opened her eyes just enough to see. She watched two pairs of seemingly human feet pad over to her cage and nearly cringed. She had no idea who these people were. Shaking her head as the haze slowly cleared she looked up at two of the most beautiful females she had ever seen. For all appearances the women could have been twins. Both had long wavy black hair that looked more like silk dappled with moonlight. Both had delicate sculpted faces and icy blue eyes.

As her eyes roamed over the women she realized that these women were the type men would die to be close to. Their long toned legs, slim waists and ample breasts looked as if they had been carved by angels in creamy olive skin. The two beauties looked down at her with a soft concerned smile and Charna felt her heart twinge slightly. Groaning softly she tried to sit up pushing her matted hair out of her face. She felt like a worm before these beautiful women all covered in filth and slowly raised her arms to cover herself. It was then that she heard them speak for the first time in such a soft whisper that she barely heard it. Even their voices were beautiful, soft and melodic melting against her senses. Somehow just the sound of their voices soothed her nerves a little though the words they spoke brought terror.

"You are awake we are pleased. Shhhh it is alright we will not hurt you. Master sent us to bathe you and make sure you were properly healed. He ordered us to bring you to his chambers once we had cleaned and dressed you."

The two females, Kasdeya and Aeshma spoke together as one. They were used to dealing with beasts who understood nothing but their own instincts to mate. This little female would be a treat they would take their time enjoying. Right now they wanted the girl off guard and had used human appearances to ease the girl's fears. They could both taste the fear inside the girl as they spoke and felt the hunger inside them sharpen. Kasdeya could see in her sister's eyes the desperate hunger and knew that this was one back the girl would not soon forget. 

Master had told them to take care how much they secreted into her body but Kasdeya was almost licking her lips in anticipation of the feast. Together they would feed upon the morsel until they were sated leaving her weak and compliant to the Master. Their fluid would keep the girl steadily aroused without stealing her will from her. She would try to make sure the girl was at least semi conscious when they brought her to the Master. Mentally she stilled her sister's growing hunger reminding her that they had to take great care with this pet. The Master had told them both quite clearly what he would do to them if they damaged her. Sighing softly she slipped the key from the chain that hung upon her neck and bent forward to unlock the cage. Her lush mounds thrust forward as one hand gently placed the key in the lock.

Even so simple an action was heating her up for this girl and she drank in the fear that emanated from the cage. Slowly Kasdeya opened the cage door as Aeshma stepped back hiding behind her back the leather cuffs Master had given them. Reaching into the cage Kasdeya slowly coaxed the girl out of her prison with soft purring words meant to calm. A glance cast at her sister warned Aeshma to be patient until Kasdeya had the girl in position. With gentle words she helped the girl toward the bathing chamber keeping the girl from seeing her antsy sister while Kasdeya's own body grew hungry for the girl. It wasn't until they had almost reached the threshold of the bath chamber that Aeshma pounced. Kasdeya let out a growl as her sister grabbed the girl's arms in a punishing grip prompting a gasp of surprise. The girl didn't start screaming until Aeshma locked the cuffs around each wrist and then locked them together behind her back. 

Charna watched the two women carefully as they spoke. The soft words spoken so gently calmed her. When the one began to lean forward Charna found her gaze captured by the firm shimmering globes. She had to admit that these women were stunning to watch though she had never found women attractive before. She watched in silence as the woman unlocked the cage and cringed back against the wall. Her own body was trembling in fear as the woman reached into her prison. She wanted to scream, to claw her way out but the soft sounds the woman made soothed her. Slowly she reached out a hand and let it brush tentatively against the woman's. She wasn't dragged from the cage as she was expecting but gently eased toward the opening. Slowly she followed the lead crawling from the cage and struggling to her feet. She felt the woman's arms come around her steadying her. Turning to face the one that had helped her from the cage she almost smiled to the woman. 

The thought of where she would be led after her bath made her tremble driving a cold spike of fear through her heart. She lowered her head as the woman helped her pad slowly across the chamber. She couldn't help but look over at the devices that dotted the room and again she shuddered. When they reached the doorway of the bathing chamber Charna felt the sudden movement behind her. She felt her arms grabbed in a painful grip and wrenched behind her. Letting out a soft gasp of shock she tried to turn around to pull her arms free. Then she felt something she had dreaded. The feel of leather cuffs locking around her wrists pulled a scream of terror from her throat. She felt the woman behind her locking the cuffs together and strained against the bonds. Her deep blue eyes widened as her breasts heaved uncontrollably. She turned her shocked frightened eyes toward the first woman and trembled when the woman only shrugged. Shaking her head she began to speak her voice cracking under the strain as she fought the bonds.

"Why......why are you doing this to me? Please oh please let me go I beg you. You know what this demon is like please help me."

Aeshma chuckled evilly as she locked the girl's hands behind her. Already she was aching to assume her natural form and take this little slut for her own. She knew the Master would never allow that so she resigned herself to feasting upon the girl's body and emotions. She would make this little toy feel what it was like to be her little fuck bitch. The scent of fear thrilled her as she listened to the girl's words. She looked over at Kasdeya as the evil smile crossed her sister's face. 

They would have this little bitch now that the prey was captured it was time for the fun to begin. Both women stepped back and threw their heads back. Each let out a blood chilling howl as bone began to crack and muscle began to stretch. With the sickening sounds filling the room each woman took on her natural form fueling the terror inside their prey. Aeshma soon stood nearly six feet tall and stretched her black leathery wings. Her waist was still slim but her ample breasts were now swollen to an unnatural size. Her long prehensile tail flicked out behind her twitching in anticipation of plunging into the sweet soft body before her.

Kasdeya joined her sister in the transformation her own howl rising above the other. She now stood over six and a half feet tall her long slender arms ending in wickedly clawed hands. Though she lacked the wings of her sister and her breasts were smaller the muscles in her thighs and hips bulged and between her legs sprang a thick hardening cock that stood nearly a foot long. The tail that twitched out behind her was nearly twice the size of her sister's. Kasdeya held one other secret, she knew if she scratched this little bitch the poison in her claws would slowly begin to turn this fuck toy into a hungry succubus. That change would take time. 

They both grinned wickedly and Kasdeya stepped up to their trembling prey. The shock that shimmered in the girl's eyes had kept her from moving as they both transformed but now it was time to close the trap around this lovely little morsel. She nodded to her sister who stepped up behind the girl. Kasdeya ran her clawed hands over the girl's slender waist pulling the prey toward her while she licked her lips. Her claws left faint marks behind as one hand trailed up over the girl's taut belly to grab one of those fine mounds. She heard the girl's breath catch and spoke softly purring words into her ear as they dragged her into the bathing chamber.

"The Master ordered us to bathe you and get you cleaned up. So it is time for your bath my dear. I wouldn't struggle too much my sister Aeshma can get quite violent with live prey. I am Kasdeya if you want to know."

Charna watched in horror and fascination as the two women stepped back. The sound of their howls sent chills down her spine freezing every nerve in her body. All she could do was watch as the two women transformed into monsters. She couldn't see the one behind her but she watched as Kasdeya, the gentle soothing woman transformed into a beautiful monster before her eyes. The woman was still voluptuous with a slim waist and firm shimmering mounds. The woman's skin color though had taken on a more greenish hue. Her eyes widened with stark fear as they roamed over the creature standing nor a few feet from her. It was the sight of those bulging thigh muscles and that thick long cock that locked Charna's screams in her throat. 

The cock was as long as her forearm and almost as thick. She shook her head violently unable to speak or even to move the shock too great for her system. The sight of that long thick tail with its blunt head made her tremble. By the time she regained her senses Kasdeya had stepped toward her and she could feel the other one, Aeshma, behind her. The trap had closed around her before she could think to fight. She felt the claws that grazed her tender skin leaving a faint burning behind as Kasdeya pulled her forward, When the creature reached up to grab on pert breast her breath caught in her throat. She was still too shocked to fight as they dragged her toward the pool the creatures words still ringing in her ears.

Aeshma felt a pang of disappointment that the girl did not struggle as they dragged the succulent female toward the pool. She took a great deal of pleasure drinking in the girl's fear and that fear sharpened her lust for the girl. She had always been the one to fuck her prey to death feasting upon every ounce of fear, pain, and pleasure. This little slut was a true gem for her because the girl could not die. Ajeroth's warning still rang sharply in her mind and she knew that if she harmed the girl then she would be entombed where no emotion could reach her, forgotten and neglected. 

The very though made her shudder. She would take great care with this prey but would enjoy the morsel fully as she could no other before. Her tail pulsed already oozing her secretion and aching to be buried in the girl's belly. An evil smile blossomed across her lips one hand sliding forward to softly caress that lovely ass while her tail began to slither against the backs of the girl's thighs. She knew her fluid would slowly be absorbed into the girl's skin starting that slow burning lust on which she loved to feed. She loved the way it glistened on the girl's creamy skin. She planned on letting this girl feel what it would be like to be her bitch.

Kasdeya smiled with the secret knowledge of the surprise she had in store for her Master hopefully one that would earn her a very special treat. She could see the hunger burning in her sister's eyes as they dragged the girl into the bath chamber. Kasdeya no longer denied her own hungers and drank deeply of the fear that rolled in waves from their prey. Like her sister Kasdeya too had her preferences and her long thick cock twitched aching to be buried down the girl's throat or perhaps embedded deeply in her ass. She would leave that lovely cunt to Aeshma knowing very well what her sister would do to this lovely bitch. Growing antsy herself she growled softly and stopped beside the pool her tail flicking out behind her while her hands slowly roamed over that lush form whispering over the girl's curves like a lover's caress. 

Kasdeya was always one to take her prey slowly forcing them to enjoy everything that she did to them. One hand slithered up into the girl's matted hair setting the dark tendrils dancing against creamy flesh. Slowly she drew the girl's face toward her letting her tongue trace her own lips before she captured Charna's lips with her own forcing her soft tongue between the girl's lips. Her free hand slowly roamed down the girl's belly dipping between her thighs to feel the heat of abused sex. She could still taste her Master upon the girl's lips and that taste sharpened her hunger. Slowly she pulled from the kiss with a soft moan her own tail slithering up the girl's leg while both she and her sister pressed her lush bodies against the girl trapping her between them. Her eyes hardened as she spoke though her voice held that soft soothing melody the power of the succubus slowly unfurling around them. 

"We can heal you if you cooperate with us it has been too long since we have feed upon such a delicious human and we will be as gentle as possible. The more you fight us the more violent we will become and the longer it will take to clean you and dress you for the Master. If you want to feel that hot water washing away the mess you have made of yourself then obey me little morsel, kneel and suck upon my cock. If you fight me or try to bite my tail will rip open your ass without mercy."

Charna struggled slightly against their grip as they dragged her toward the pool and she let out a soft squeal when she felt Aeshma's hand tracing her ass. As she felt the tail that slithered against her skin she tried to pull away only to feel Kasdeya stop beside the heated pool. Her deep blue eyes widened seeing that horrid tail flicking out behind the lovely horrible creature before her and she shuddered as she felt Kasdeya's hand slowly begin to roam over her form a gentle almost tender touch. 

Feeling the hand that slithered up into her hair she stiffened ready to pull away but those shimmering icy eyes captured her and her breath caught. She felt the demoness slowly pulling her closer almost like something in a dream and she shivered slightly. She had no knowledge of the succubus or how their power worked all she knew is she found it hard to think watching that tongue trace those lips. When the kiss was forced upon her she moaned softly her lips parting under the invasion offering no resistance to the powerful succubus until she felt the hand diving between her silken thighs. 

Her back arched and her eyes widened her mind snapping back to the awareness of her situation. She felt the creature pull back slowly and felt that tail slithering up her thigh. She began to struggle then feeling the heated bodies of the two women pressing up against her own trapping her effectively while Kasdeya spoke. She shuddered at the though of what these creatures could do to her and squirmed helplessly. With a soft whine of distress she slowly sank to her knees before Kasdeya feeling every lush inch of the two succubus slithering against her skin rubbing the fluid into her. She knew she had little choice and no chance of escaping these two and she wasn't sure which was worse being at their mercy or being at their Masters. Licking her lips slowly she took a deep breath as she settled upon her knees and slowly trembling words slipped from her lips like droplets of rain upon the desert sands.
