 She began to pant softly hearing the growl beneath her and feeling that squirming length inside her begin wiggling against that spot while the woman's face started to grind against her quivering folds. The growl below her was matched by a growl from above and her eyes flicked upwards landing upon the towering form of Kasdeya. She suddenly realized how vulnerable she had become with that thick cock lodged between her lips and her hands bound behind her. Feeling that cock thrusting slightly deeper she groaned softly shuddering upon her knees before the demoness. She could feel that thick tail pressing against the tight ring of her ass keeping the fear inside her burning and alive. She didn't have time to react as Kasdeya looked down at her and she felt the sudden thrust of the woman's hip plunging the cock deeper into her mouth and stretching her lips wide. 

There was a pulse of aching pain within her jaw as the cock stretched it wide and a soft whimper escaped her. Seeing the woman's hand rise she tried to pull away only to feel its grip upon her head like a vice tightening. She could not help the squeal of pain that burst from her throat when she felt the savage thrust of the creatures hips forcing that twitching length deeper stretching her jaw painfully wide while the thick cock sought out her delicate throat. Hearing Kasdeya's words she shivered her tongue curling against the thick shaft while her body trembled in a strange mixture of fear, pleasure and pain. She obeyed the command gently beginning to suckle upon the length trying to please this monster above her. 

Aeshma's tail wrapped around that slim waist sliding against the skin and secreting more of her toxin. Her tongue began to plunge savagely in and out of the hot cunt above her scraping against that sensitive spot while she drank in the fear and pleasure. When her sister added pain to the mixture Aeshma lost all semblance of control. She growled grinding her face against the girl's helpless quivering folds and pulled those silky thighs as far as they would go without breaking. The second tongue found that clit and coiled around it before it began to add pressure to that throbbing bud.

While a piece of her tongue squeezed and rubbed upon the clit the main portion began to wiggle deeper inside the girl thickening while she feasted upon the emotions that dripped from the girl like sweet rain. She began to pant as she worked her face against the girl her wicked fangs now scraping the delicate folds as if trying to gobble the girl down. As she lost herself to the hunger burning inside her she kept that tongue working fiercely to bring the girl to orgasm. She coiled its thickness forcing it to rub against the g spot over and over again while the tip sought out end of the passage. As she growled softly her motions slowly began more violent as if she truly sought to devour the quivering form above her. She let her power strengthen saturating the room and the girl's body forcing that budding lust to begin to burn inside the human prey. 

Kasdeya watched her sister's tail coil around their preys waist and knew in that instant there would be no controlling her sister. She almost felt sorry for the girl that shuddered before her but the feel of the mingled emotions wiped away any pity and fueled her own hunger. Her grip upon the girl's head tightened when she felt the slut obeying so nicely and suckling upon that cock. Something cold and cruel slithered into her icy eyes as she growled in pleasure and thrust harshly while she yanked the girl's head down. She buried her pulsating cock deeply into the girl's throat without a trace of fear. She knew this little treat could not die and it was time to claim the bitch for her own. She held her cock buried there for a moment before she pulled back feeling the pleasure and lust welling inside her prey she began to feast upon those human emotions letting the girl have a breath. 

With a snarl she slammed her hips upwards using every ounce of those bulging thigh muscles to force the massive length back into that sweet tight throat. She enjoyed the way the girl gurgled her throat convulsing and clenching the invading cock. In the past she was always the one gentle with her prey not wanting to kill a choice tidbit but not this time. She knew this slut could not die. This time she would show this little morsel what it meant to be a succubus' bitch. Her savagery rivaled her sister's as she began forcing her aching cock down the girl's throat with each body jarring thrust. She took no care to what damage she might cause and began to feast upon the girl's emotions while she ravaged that tender throat.

Feeling the tail that wrapped around her slender waist Charna shivered in a mixture of fear and pleasure. She could feel the tongue coiling inside her while the woman began to grind her face upwards. She felt the fangs scraping at her flesh adding more pain to her pleasure. When she felt the grip upon her matted hair tighten she shuddered unable to pull away while she suckled upon that pulsing length. Her eyes widened as she felt Kasdeya thrust into her throat loosing any semblance of gentleness while her sister's tongue worked to force her body higher. She could feel her belly tightening a fire quickly spreading inside her each time that wicked tongue wriggled inside her or squeezed upon her clit. 

She began to twist fear filling her eyes as that massive head kept her air way blocked and her lungs began to burn. When the cock finally pulled from her throat she gulped down breaths of air like a drowning woman now squirming upon her knees while the tongue inside her forced her body to pulse with pleasure. She could feel the lust beginning to well up like a storm waiting to break and she strained to pull her hands free. Her eyes widened filling with pain as Kasdeya thrust again this time jarring her neck painfully and bruising her tender lips. She gurgled trying to scream when that cock plunged into her throat forcing the muscles to stretch around it. She began to wiggle helplessly as each thrust from the woman above jarred her neck adding more growing pain to the pleasure Aeshma was forcing upon her trembling body. 

Aeshma grinned feeling her sister's hunger become brutal and a surge of pride burst from her realizing her pretty sister was not such a wimp after all. Letting her fangs grate against the folds her tongue plunged deeply spearing the very opening to the girl's womb. She could feel the girl's body tightening pushed closer to release and she closed her eyes. Each body jarring thrust her sister gave the little bitch forced that quivering cunt down upon her face. She drank in the sweet delicious mixture of fear, pain and pleasure that was rolling from the girl like an ocean wave. One hand left the girl's thigh sliding along the soft flesh until it reached the quivering folds. 

She growled savagely against the clit as she plunged two fingers deeply into the girl's hot wet cunt along side her tongue. She wanted to feel the girl cumming upon her fingers to drain every drop from her body while she feasted. With that thought in mind she began thrusting those fingers inside the girl while her tongue wiggled around pulsing against the g spot to make the girl squirm above her driven by her sister's mounting lust and savagery. This little slut was their bitch now until they finished with her and she was not about to let the girl rest for even a moment. With skilled deft fingers and her tongue working inside the hot folds she drove the girl closer to orgasm grinding her fangs upon the soft lips devouring the girl above her, losing her self to the feast that now quivered helplessly.

Kasdeya felt girl's pain like a hot wash of air against her skin and shuddered. Her hips continued to pummel against the girl's lips mercilessly driving her cock into that tight throat. Each time those muscles convulsed around her Kasdeya growled and groaned in pleasure. She too began to feast upon the girl's emotions draining them from her even as she inspired them. She let her power thicken in the room while her sister continued to force that lush body into a state of pleasure. Kasdeya enjoyed inflicting pain and warping that pleasure. She could feel the girl's body burning with lust aching for release and smiled evilly. She caught the sight of Aeshma's hand leaving the girls thigh and chuckled wickedly. 

She kept her tight hold upon the girl's head thrusting harder and faster into the slut's throat with abandon for the first time not caring about how much damage she did. This little bitch would survive and they would feed upon her again. Her thick cock began to swell with each thrust as she neared the end of her own endurance. It had been too long since she had fed like this and the pure sweet mixture was too much for her. With a roar of pleasure she slammed her hips forward completely burying her twitching cock as deeply as it would go down the girl's pretty throat and drank in the agony she caused this prime little morsel. Unable to contain herself she gritted her teeth as she began to cum filling that pretty throat with her scalding seed. Her hips jerked reflexively jarring the girl's neck as she growled down at her giving a stern command that she dared the girl's to disobey.

"Cum, my filthy bitch. Cum upon my sister's tongue and let her devour you while I fill your throat with my seed. Cum for me my bitch or suffer my tail tearing you open."

Charna's eyes continued to widen and darken with the growing lust as every thrust jarred her body. She could hear bones in her neck cracking with a sickening sound while her lips bruised and began to bleed. She had not expected such savagery from something who had been so kind. She began to squirm more heatedly as she felt the hand leaving her thigh and felt that tongue plunging deeper inside her. When she felt the fingers thrust into her quivering depths her back arched as far as Kasdeya's hold would allow and she shuddered above Aeshma. Her arms strained against the cuffs her breathing became ragged and heavy. She could not stop the pleasure that welled up inside her mingling with the agony that washed through her. Shuddering helplessly she felt her body pushed closer and closer to the edge of release against her own will. 

Tears began to spill from her eyes shame burning brightly upon her cheeks as those fingers and tongue wiggled around inside her sending white hot pulses of pleasure to match the jolts of pain. Feeling Kasdeya's cock begin to swell she whimpered softly until that final brutal thrust cut off her air. She could feel the scalding hot fluid splashing against the raw walls of her throat and shuddered in agony. The words that dripped over her ears made her eyes widened and her body tremble poised on the brink of release. She dare not fight them as the demoness above her command and she wiggled slightly against Aeshma. She gurgled upon that thick cock as the orgasm tore through her body pouring ecstasy through into the emotions the two were feeding upon and she writhed helplessly upon her knees while her cunt tightened and convulsed upon the thick fingers buried inside her. 

Aeshma nearly lost herself completely feasting upon the rampant emotions that dripped from the girl almost trying to drain her completely. She knew she could never completely drain this little morsel and took great pleasure in feeding. Her tongue delved into the girl's womb while her fingers continued to twist and thrust inside her. She did not try to match her sister's merciless brutality but she drank in every drop of agony the thrust caused. Shivering in delight she plunged a third finger deep into that soft body pumping away inside the quivering girl with reckless need. When she felt the girl begin to squirm and wiggle above her the smaller portion of her tongue tightened cruelly upon the pulsing clit. The sound of Kasdeya's voice shocked her as did the feel of her sister's savage pleasure.

She could feel that orgasm tainting the room as her sister commanded the girl. She was not expecting the tormented body to give in and her eyes widened in shock when the girl's orgasm exploded. She growled biting down upon the tender flesh almost chewing upon it as she feasted upon the orgasms that spilled through the room and she began to squirm upon the floor. She began to devour the slut above her draining the emotion from the body while her fingers thrust savagely inside her and the tongue lapped at the honey that oozed from the clenching folds. She licked and slurped up every drop of the girl's release slowly pulling her fingers free and retracting her tongue. She could feel the pain that still pulsed inside the girl and realized that some damage may have been done. Pulling herself from under the quivering mass of flesh she slowly sat up raising her sated eyes to her sister as she spoke. Her word fluid and cool like a stream across the rocks.

"Kasdeya, my dear sister I think you might have broken something. The pet will need to be healed or the Master will entomb us. You don't want that do you sister, we have feasted like we have never feasted before but it is time to carry out the Master's orders before he becomes angry."

Kasdeya felt herself pushed to the very brink of madness when she felt the little bitch begin to orgasm before her. Her back arched and her hips bucked as she spilled her scalding seed down the girl's throat and she drank in every drop of the pleasure and pain. She feasted like she had never feasted before devouring every emotion she could pull from the little slut. She hovered there for what seemed eternity before her sister's soft voice dragged her back from madness. Her eyes snapped open and she looked down at the shuddering form she still held in her grasp. Flicking her eyes toward Aeshma she panted for air but began to realize that her sister was right. There was too much pain rolling from the delicate form and she not sure where the damage might have been done. 

She shuddered as she pulled her softening cock from the girl's throat and gently lowered the girl to the cool floor. She began to rein in her savage power as she stepped away from the quivering form of Master's prize pet. For the first time in her long life Kasdeya herself felt terror. She had harmed the Master's pet and if she could not heal the damage the Master would take it out of her hide. Licking her lips and panting for breath she stepped away from the fallen form her heart racing in her chest. She hoped the potions she had were enough to reverse whatever she had done.. Her soft feet padded against the cool tiles while she crossed the bathing chamber to a small cabinet. Stooping down slightly she flung the door open her hand darting inside to rummage around. When she spoke her words trembled fluttering from her lips like escaping butterflies.

"Aeshma, darling get the girl into the bath but be careful. If we cant heal this little pet Master will make us both pay. Be gentle and keep her head above water if this works we can still have a little more fun while we bathe her."

Charna writhed upon her knees desperately trying to pull away as Kasdeya's hips jerked brutally against her lips. She felt the pleasure ebbing swiftly as a wash of agony filled her. She could feel Aeshma trying to gobble her down felt the fangs biting into her tender flesh and her throat convulsed gurgling out a sound. Feeling a third finger plunging into her depths her back arched and for a moment she began to cum harder. The pleasure swiftly ebbed though being replaced by a pulsating agony that started at the neck and shot downwards. Feeling Aeshma finally pulling from under her she fought for a full breath while her eyes rolled back in her head. With the pleasure gone her body now endured a blinding pain and she squirmed before Kasdeya. 

When she heard Aeshma's voice the words barely making sense she tried to pull back. The slight movement of her neck sent waves of agony rolling through her body, agony that finally snapped Kasdeya out of her daze. When that thick cock pulled from her throat she gurgled out a broken cry nearly screaming as the succubus laid her down upon the stone floor. The cool stone felt good against her burning flesh and she closed her eyes slowly hoping that she would pass out. At least then she would not be able to feel this pain at the moment she just wanted to die. Hearing the softly padding feet across the stone she shivered slightly and tried to raise her head. When she did pain once again coursed in white hot jolts through her body and she screamed again. It was the sound of Kasdeya's trembling words that silenced her even she could hear the fear that dripped from those words. For a moment she savagely prayed that the demon lord would step into the room and unleash his wrath upon them. 

Aeshma grinned wickedly at her sister's fear enjoying the precious moment of it. This time it was not she who the Master would punish but her oh so perfect sister. She shrugged lightly watching Kasdeya cross the room and crawled toward the fallen pet. She continued to drink in the pain that wafted like a cloud from the shaking body while she reached out toward the girl. From what she was feeling she doubted the girl could move and she was not so sure her sister could heal this. Taking great care she gently lifted the girl's quivering body from the stone trying not to jostle the injured neck too much. She turned toward the bath pool before she shuddered.

She could feel the girl's pain growing. Slowly she half crawled half walked to the edge of the pool and sat down upon it letting her feet dangle into the hot water. She took a moment to ease her own growing fears before she slipped gracefully into the water cradling the tortured pet against her ample chest. Her tail slithered up along the girl's thigh slowly caressing her enjoying the moment of having the prize to herself while she listened to her sister frantically searching through the cabinet. She tilted her head toward the girl's her voice a soft soothing whisper tapping into the power of the succubus to lure and entrance she began to weave a spell around the girl.

"Shhh don't move too much little one my sister is searching for the potions. I know it hurts right now but try not to move around too much you might do more damage, damage that we can't heal. You can hate us if you want but you can not deny the pleasure we gave you."

Kasdeya searched the cabinet frantically searching out the right potions and oils with shaking hands. She had never before been truly terrified but the thought of what Ajeroth would do to her if she couldn't repair the damage drove that cold spike into her heart. Her clawed fingertips wrapped around the flame shaped bottle while the other hand collected a few more vials and bottles. She could only hope that with the firebrand added to it this healing mixture might repair broken bones. She had not meant to harm the girl but she had lost control for the first time in her life and a part of her now understood why Aeshma killed. She pushed that thought away as she turned back to the pool watching her sister slip ever so gently into the water cradling the fallen slut.

A shudder coursed down her spine the girl's scream still ringing in her ears. She stepped up to the edge of the pool as her sister spoke and she glared at Aeshma as she slipped into the water beside them. She took a moment to enjoy the feel of fresh hot water against her skin, something the stables lacked, before she set the bottles down upon the edge. One bottle was empty and it was into this she began to mix equal portions from each bottle including the firebrand. She placed the stopper upon that bottle gently setting it down and began to dump the remaining contents of all the bottles into the water with them. Using her tail she began swirling the water around mixing the ingredients into the water before she reached out for the second bottle. One hand reached for the girls head while the other raised the bottle to her lips where her wicked fangs clasped the stopper pulling it carefully free. With her sister's help Kasdeya gently tilted the slut's head back and began pouring the potion down her abused throat while she spoke almost sternly her voice still dripping with fear.
