 When she felt that thick tail nudging against her tight folds she let out a short gasping cry and wriggled slightly between the two creatures. Her breath quickened in her chest the pain and fear mingling with the budding lust turning it into something she had never felt before. As she felt the tongue slowly begin tracing her slender neck she shivered a soft groan of fear and pleasure slipping from her lips. The last time Kasdeya had broken the bones in her neck and she feared what the succubus might do to her this time. Her back arched slightly as that thick head stretched the tight hole wider sending a wave of fluid heat coursing through her veins and a soft moan dripped from her lips like honey.

The hidden malice glittered in Aeshma's eyes as her sister began to ease the thick head into the girl's ass and that evil smirk widened. With a flick of her mind she summoned a clear empty pitcher to the edge of the pool and prepared to put her evil plan into action. Leaning forward slightly she let her tail nudge and nestle against those tight folds while she watched her sister begin licking down the girl's neck. Slowly she began to feast upon the fear and lust that was growing inside the prey drinking in every delicious drop, enjoying the way the girl's body shuddered and squirmed between them. Hearing her sister's sweet groan she knew it was time. With a very subtle unseen movement she used her weight to force the girl's body down brutally hard and fast upon Kasdeya's cock and nearly purred with pleasure. Neither her sister nor the little bitch noticed that simple action and Aeshma savored the sudden pain it caused.

With that little move completed she slowly began to push her thick tail against the girls quivering cunt relishing the feel of those folds against the head of her tail. She remembered how sweet the girl had tasted as she climaxed upon that skilled tongue. With gentle care she started to ease her tail into the girl taking her time to savor every moment while her hands rose from the water. Each hand wrapped around one heaving mound of flesh and began to massage them lightly her fingers flicking over the nipples while she inched her way deeper inside. She watched her sister's eyes with malicious glee while she drank in every ounce of emotion that wafted from the two. This time she would feast upon both the prey and her sister, this time Aeshma would be the considerate lover while her sister became the savage beast. She took a great deal of pleasure in that thought watching the hunger in her sister's eyes turn feral.

Kasdeya was not prepared for what happened next her lovely icy eyes widened with the sudden shock. The shock to her system unleashed that savage beast that had laid dormant inside her for as long as she could remember. She had locked it away the first time she had killed by fucking her prey to death. Feeling the girl's sweet body plunge down upon her thick cock Kasdeya arched her back and let out a cry that was closer to a roar. She felt the prey's tight ring stretch and tear around her cock clutching at the thick invader and relished the prey's fear and pain. She began to drink that pain in as she dropped the cloth upon the girl's chest forgotten and her hand moved to the curvaceous hip. Her clawed hands tightened brutally upon this hips her claws digging into the flesh spreading her poison but she no longer cared. All care or concern was swept away in that moment leaving behind a raging lustful hunger.

She would make this little morsel her bitch truly claiming the slut for her own. Holding the wiggling prey in place with an iron grip she drew her cock back her breath catching with the feel of that tight ring protesting against her cock. With a beast like roar Kasdeya used every ounce of her strength to plunge her rampant cock deep into the prey's ass and shuddered as she feasted upon the pain and fear inside her prey. She began to devour the girl pulling every ounce of emotion she could from her prey as her cock began to pummel into that tight ass without mercy. She truly became a beast using those bulging muscles to pummel the prey's tight ass. She leaned forward taking a deep breath sniffing at the soft flesh of the girl's shoulder smelling the hot pulsing blood that coursed beneath that soft tender skin. Words fell from her lips like gravel stone her thick cock plunging brutally into that lovely ass while she spoke. A heartbeat after the words left her lips Kasdeya reared back and struck plunging her wicked fangs into the sweet tender flesh of the prey's shoulder.

"You are mine little bitch. I am going to fuck you senseless until you beg me for mercy and then I will only fuck you harder. You are my bitch now."

Charna moaned softly as she felt that thick tail nudging against her silken folds and she realizes that Aeshma's tail was as thick as Kasdeya's cock. That thought made her shudder to think how thick Kasdeya's tail was. Feeling Aeshma's hands gripping her full breasts she bit down upon her lip while her belly fluttered and she began pressing against the creature in front of her. With the lulling spell still addling her mind she was unable to understand why she was feeling this way or even grasp what it was she was feeling. All she knew is that something hot had begun to burn inside her belly making her squirm between the two until she felt Kasdeya savagely tearing open her tight ass and plunging that thick cock deep without mercy. Her darkening eyes widened and a shriek of pain burst from her lips while her back arched. She felt the agony flowing through her welling up inside like a flood. She began to writhe and wiggle trying to escape the brutal pain. 

She felt the soapy cloth land upon her chest moments before the Kasdeya's clawed hands captured her hips. She felt the crushing grip upon those soft curves forcing the claws to gouge the flesh inhibiting her writhing. She wiggled helplessly as that thick cock began to draw back her dark wide eyes landing upon Aeshma as she felt that thick tail easing ever so gently into her. She was trapped between the two of them, trapped between gentle pleasure and savage pain unable to escape. Hearing that feral roar behind her she shuddered a scream of pain tearing from her lips as that pulsing cock plunged back into her body. Terror welled up inside her mixing with the brutal pain and the soft pleasure that was being forced upon her body. Her breath became ragged as she screamed with each thrust of Kasdeya's cock tearing into her ass. Feeling the beast behind her leaning down sniffing at her shoulder she choked upon her cries and began to wiggle violently between the two creatures trying to escape. Her heart nearly stop as she heard the graveled voice of the beast seconds before she felt those fangs tearing into her shoulder. She arched her back unable to escape and shrieked in pain.

Aeshma grinned evilly as her sister lost control and she felt the hungry beast raging inside her sister. She took a moment to savor the victory before one hand moved from that lovely mound to capture the soapy cloth. It was time for her to enjoy the pleasure of bathing the little bitch while her not so sweet sister tore her apart. Aeshma knew that if Ajeroth learned of this he would make Kasdeya pay and Aeshma fully intended to see that Ajeroth learned of the delicious damage Kasdeya had done. Licking her lips she purred slightly as she lifted the cloth from the girl's chest. With a great deal of gentleness she began to bathe the girl starting at that beautiful sculpted face. She used the girl's pain and her sister's savagery to her advantage and plunged her thick pulsing tail deeply into the soft body burying it completely into the prey's belly with one swift thrust. She groaned in pleasure drinking in every ounce of emotion that the girl and her sister were putting off.

She relished the feel of that soft sumptuous body enveloping her tail and she began to wiggling slightly embedding it deeper into the girl's belly. With gentle care she used the cloth to wipe the filth from the girl's face using her cunning mind to maneuver the pitcher. As she began to draw her tail back she filled the pitcher with water and raised it above the wiggling girl's head. She savored each wiggle and each moment of that soft ripe body wrapped around her tail as she slowly poured the water over the girl almost retching at the filth that flowed in a small wave from the girl's hair. She clicked her tongue with a slight shake of her head and one hand reached forward as her tail plunged deeply into the girl's belly once again. Aeshma shuddered in pleasure as she feasted upon the other two and began to soap the girl's hair. She would have the little pet sparkling and clean in no time. Between her secretions and her spells this little plaything would be receptive and compliant when they brought her to the Master. Aeshma fully intended to savor every delicious moment of this bath.

Kasdeya became completely lost to the raging beast inside her and she snarled softly. She could taste the hot blood like sweet nectar welling beneath her fangs. She clenched her jaw locking it upon that shoulder as she shook her head slightly widening the wounds and marking the prey as her bitch. With her jaws locked upon that shoulder she savagely feasted upon the girl literally draining every morsel of emotion from the wiggled squirming body. That emotion was not enough she wanted more and the smell of the girl's blood sharpened that hunger. Slowly she raised her tail letting it slither silently through the water until it poised at that stretched ring while her cock continued to pound deeply into that ass. Taking a firmer crushing grip upon those lovely hips Kasdeya's monster unleashed its full fury. That thick tail began to press lightly at first against the stretched ring while Kasdeya drank in the shock and the terror. But it wasn't enough to feed her beast so with the next thrust she used all of her strength to plunge that thick tail into the prey's ass beside her cock. 

She relished the feel of the flesh tearing surrendering to her battering tail and thick cock. She savored the agony that filled the girl mingling with the fear and pleasure. At that moment Kasdeya truly began to feast trying to drain that wiggling body completely until nothing was left. Again and again her muscle bulged as she pounded her cock and thick tail into the girl savagely ripping her open in a frenzy of hunger. She was so lost to the beast that Kasdeya did not even notice her sister any longer the only thing she noticed was the squirming prey she was feasting upon. There was very little conscious thought as thrust after thrust she tried to bury herself deeper into that soft hot body heedless of any damage she might be doing to her prey. There was nothing left for Kasdeya but that feral hunger for more.

Charna began to moan and pant with pleasure as she felt that thick tail plunging into her belly. There was no savagery in that simple act in fact there was almost a gentle care. That gentle care washed away the brutal pain as her body slowly adjusted to the size of Kasdeya's cock buried inside her tight ass even washed away the feel of those fangs tearing into her flesh, of the hot blood that rolled in small rivers down her creamy skin. Her breathing was ragged causing the full shimmering globes to heave and bounce. She tilted her head back groaning in pleasure feeling that tail wiggling around inside her trying to burrow deeper into her belly. Panting softly she closed her eyes as Aeshma poured the clean heated water down over her and even she began to savor the pleasure of this bath while her belly tightened and shuddered with the lust that was growing inside her. Her wiggling became more sensual trapped between the two lovely sisters and she began to lose herself to the feel of the soft bodies pressing against her. That was until she felt Kasdeya's tail threatening her tiny ass.

She squirmed between them feeling fear sliding up her spine like a cold snake when she felt that massively thick tail pressing against her. She had little time to think feeling the tail pressing against the stretched ring her ass and pain began to grow inside her. Her back arched a blood curdling shriek of agony broke from her lips like molten lava from the mountain as she felt that tail plunge mercilessly into her ass tearing that tiny ring open as it filled her. She began to writhe in agony feeling the mixture of savage pain and gentle pleasure twining around inside her like a growing storm. It was then that she began to feel this slow spreading weakness almost an emptiness inside her that stole her strength. Her struggles grew weaker with each brutal thrust of that tail and cock inside her ass pummeling into her body like some relentless machine. She began to twist helplessly trying to escape the war of sensation inside her body while her bath continued unimpeded by that beast claiming her ass.

Aeshma took great pleasure watching her sister become this feral hungry monster and knew that there was no turning back. Kasdeya would rip the little slut apart in her need to feed while Aeshma would leisurely enjoy the bath feasting upon both prey and sister alike. With a soft tune rolling from her lips she gently began to wash the girl's hair her tail slowly withdrawing before it plunged deeply into her belly trying to burrow deeper. This was her ultimate pleasure to feel some helpless bitch wiggling around while she plowed that ripe belly full of her own seed. She knew that without the Master's aid her seed would never take hold or grow in her prey's belly but she hoped one day to earn the privilege of breeding one of Master's pets. She gently continued to bath the writhing body captured between her and her sister while she used the soft tune to weave another spell. She knew that her sister would try and drain the prey dry and she could not have this little slut broken when they brought her to the master. Though the prey weakened with every ravaging thrust the spell she wove strengthened the girl's mind almost creating a dam for the emotions that Kasdeya was trying to drain from the girl. 

That would leave some reserve for the Master. With that finished she continued to burrow her long tail deeper into the soft body loving the way it enveloped her cock like tail. Slowly her hands moved from the silken tresses as the water was once more poured over the shrieking girl's hair. Aeshma feasted upon the fear, the pain, and the growing pleasure as her tail worked upon the girl. An evil smile bloomed upon Aeshma's lips knowing that her secretions were the only ones being worked into the girl. She took every opportunity to enjoy that lush wiggling body her hands roaming over every curve as she washed the filth away. A scowl crossed her face seeing the lines of blood that marred that beautiful skin and her hatred for her sister burned hotter. That wound would not heal unless her Master used his power upon it and she hated the site of that crimson that stained the soft ivory. She felt her pleasure mounting her tail swelling as it plowed again and again into the girl's belly and she fought to bring the girl to orgasm in spite of her sister's brutality.

The beast that had once been Kasdeya growled around the flesh trapped between its fang and savagely plunged its members deeper into the squirming prey. Her hands tightened upon those hips threatening to break bone as her claws gouged the flesh. Again and again her hips pumped her sheer strength alone driving every inch of her into the prey and displaying exactly why she had such bulging muscles in her thighs. She parted her legs slightly bending at the knees to get better leverage and snarled as she thrust upwards without mercy while yanking the prey's sweet hot hole down upon her. The shrieks of agony were like music to her ears the mixture of agony, terror and pleasure that she drained from the prey like a sweet heady wine. She became completely enraptured in the taste of both the girl's blood and her emotions. She would drain her bitch to a dried husk feeding like she has never feed before. With supreme savagery she pummeled her tail and cock deeper into that soft wiggling body drinking in that agony she caused.

Kasdeya was so lost in her feeding that she never felt the spells her wicked sister was weaving not even when those spells thinned the flow of emotion. She could feel both her cock and her tail swelling her brutal release only moment away and her hips began to jerk violently. She fought to bury every inch of her pulsing cock and thick tail into the prey's ass completely claiming it for her personal bitch. The thought of feeding upon this wiggling form fueled her feral hunger and she began to pump those twin shafts deeper into the body of her prey preparing to seed the girl. Her breath became ragged the muscles in her thighs beginning to ache as she neared her release. When she felt that climax explode Kasdeya threw her head back tearing flesh from the bone and splattering blood down upon her prey. She let loose a savage roar blood rolling from her lips as she plunged into the prey's body using a sudden surge of unnatural strength. Her body jerked and shuddered as her seed spilled into the soft wiggling form of her prey and splashed her claim upon the torn ring.

Charna was dimly aware of the filth being washed from her shaking form. At the moment all she could feel was a relentless war of sensation inside her. The pleasure and lust that Aeshma was forcing upon her continued to grow as that tail burrowed deep into her belly filling her stretched walls completely. This sensation was at war with the savage brutal agony that tore through her body every time the beast behind her plunged into her torn ass. In spite of that pain she could feel her belly shuddering something hot growing inside her that pushed her body toward the edge of release. Her struggled died to small squirms and weak wiggles as Kasdeya continued to drain her completely stealing her will. When she heard that soft song coming from Aeshma she looked up feeling something wrapping around her mind like a warm blanket. That moment was stolen as Kasdeya began forcing the twin lengths deeper inside her and she felt those massive lengths swelling. Her eyes widened as her tight ass was stretching wider tearing under the brutality of the beast. 

At the same time she could feel that lovely tail swelling inside her belly trying to burrow deeper as it began to thrust slightly harder. She could feel it wiggling against that spot inside her and her breath changed to ragged gasps. She writhed helplessly straining against the bonds while Aeshma plowed into her belly forcing this heated pleasure upon her slender from and Kasdeya brutalized her tiny ass forcing the agony to dance with the pleasure in bright swirling waves. She teetered on the very edge of release her belly tightening almost painfully until she felt those evil fangs tearing her flesh as they were pulled free. She tossed her head back the screech of agony and pleasure matched the beasts roar as she tumbled over the edge the intensity of the orgasm stealing her breath. Her body wiggled and bucked imprisoned between the two sisters while her world filled with agony at war with pleasure. She could feel the hot seed being pumped into her ass with each brutal jerk of the beast behind her. The hot scalding seed searing the torn ring of her ass while blood welled pooling upon her shoulder form a moment before it began to roll in rivulets down her body.

Aeshma purred her cock like tail swelling while she plowed it deeper into the girl's belly and her breath began to quicken. She hovered upon the edge of her own climax holding back as her sister exploded. She winced seeing the fang tear ragged holes in that lovely flesh as Kasdeya reared back. The sound of that roar made even Aeshma shudder until she felt the prey falling. She drank in the dual release relishing and savoring ever drop she gleaned from the pair. Feeling that soft body wiggling and writhing those soft walls tightening upon her tail was her own downfall. She tilted her head back groaning as she plunged her tail deeper completely burying the thick head into the girl's belly as she let loose the flow of seed. Her hips jerked reflexively as rope after creamy hot rope of her cum filled the girl's pliant belly. She smiled wickedly while Kasdeya tried to claim the prey for her little bitch and knew that the Master would not be pleased at all. 
