 Ajeroth settled back in his chair one razor sharp claw tapping against his chin. His cock was rampant and hard aching to be buried inside his pet but he had other problems to tend to. It took every ounce of his willpower to soften that massive cock while his mind played over different options. He had watched the entire scene unfold in the inky black pool centered in the floor beside his desk as the twins ravaged his little pet. His black lips curled back in snarl, rage welling up inside him. He had warned those two not to harm his slut and they disobeyed that direct command. The sound of the delicate bones in his little pet's neck breaking had filled him with rage almost spurring him to stalk down to that chamber. The only thing that had stopped him was the agonized thought he had picked up drifting from his pet. The fact that the his slut wanted him to rescue her, to protect her and unleash his wrath on those who harmed her was a good sign. So he had stayed in his bed chambers watching the scene play out. He had been pleased when the two succubus had managed to heal the damage that Kasdeya had done. His mind prickled at that thought. 

Kasdeya the normally gentle lover had broken his pet's neck brutally jarring the tiny bones and filling his slut with agony. As if that had not been enough Kasdeya had then torn open that tiny little ass with not only her rampant cock but her tail as well. He might have over looked that infraction if she had not decided to mark his bitch for her own. His eyes glowed remembering the sight of the succubus tearing at his little bitches flesh. This slut was HIS and HIS alone. She was HIS bitch and no one else's. Little Charna meant more to him then either of those two combined. Recalling the words that bitch succubus spouted into his pet's ears turned his rage cold. That cold rage would be unleashed upon those two bitches but he could not deny how careful Aeshma had been or how much pleasure she had given his pet. He also recalled the gentle way she had taken care of his pet after her sister had ravaged the flesh. His eyes burned with the knowledge that Kasdeya thought she could hide this from him. 

He rose from his chair nearly knocking it over in his anger and began to pace the length of his room. Entombing them, starving those two just did not seem to a fitting enough punishment for the offence but what else could he do. He stopped mid stride a thought sparking in his cunning evil mind that made his lips draw back into an evil smile. Kasdeya had wanted to claim His pet for her own bitch perhaps there was a fitting punishment for the crime and one that would include those two starving. Since Aeshma had been so gentle with his pet this punishment would also be more lenient for her. Kasdeya had wanted to claim Charna as her bitch well now Kasdeya herself would become his little pet's personal bitch. That evil smile widened as the plan began to take full shape in his mind and he resumed his pacing at a calmer rate. He would create collars that would cut them off from their own power as well as take away their ability to feel. 

With those two cut off from any emotion they would be forced to serve his pet and Charna herself would get to decide when they would be allowed to feel again or to feed. It would also give his pet a chance for revenge and perhaps warp her mind a little more so she would bend to his will. He had felt his little bitch's mind bending in just the way he wanted it to. He was very proud of the way she had tried to obey Kasdeya's command in spite of her fear. The fact that she had almost yearned for him made his mouth water and his cock twitch. Perhaps by giving her these two as slaves he would twist her mind and will to his own. That thought kept the evil smile upon his lips as he continued to pace the plan taking on a fuller shape in his cunning mind. As he paced he began changing a few things in the room getting it ready for the arrival of the three. 

Kasdeya said nothing as she led the little bitch down the long winding halls and snarled at any guard that passed them. She was in a foul mood fearful that her Master might discover her crimes and terrified of what punishment he might inflict. Looking down at the dazed girl walking between her and her sister Kasdeya knew the little slut would not be able to tell the tale which left the only one threat, her sister. Kasdeya did not believe that Aeshma had enough backbone or wits to use this incident to her advantage but she might be witless enough to let it slip. Casting her eyes toward her lovely sister she narrowed them glaring almost hatefully. It would not be Aeshma this time who received the Master's wrath if he discovered what had happened. In fact Aeshma might be rewarded instead of punished. That thought burned the hatred into her heart as they walked in silence leading the girl toward her Master's chamber and to her doom. 

Aeshma also remained silent upon this journey down the long halls. On any other day she might have stopped to titillate the guards they passed but not today. This day she was on a mission and under strict instructions from her Master. She would not allow her own flirtatious hunger to ruin her neatly laid plan. She would see that Kasdeya paid the full price for everything she had done to the Master's pet. The thought of it almost made her lick her lips in anticipation but she kept her malicious glee hidden for the moment. Instead she concentrated upon the pet that walked between them using soft cooing noises to keep the spell woven around her. By the time they got this one to the Master's chambers she would be most compliant but would still retain her own will and spirit. That should make the sport the Master would have with her that much greater. 

Charna walked down the long halls led by the twin succubus in a dream like daze unaware of the war that was playing out over her head. She did not know where they were taking her and found that she really didn't care at the moment. The soft warm feeling that was woven around her was the only thing that was real to her. Thoughts of escape blew away like clouds in the sky under that feeling and she found that she could not even form a clear thought. She sank into that warmth like a warm blanket and simply placed one foot in front of the other. The soft sapphire silk hissed against her skin causing slight shivers while her long chestnut locks began to dry forming dark waves that cascaded down her back. She never saw the look the guards had given her not even Kasdeya's violent hissing managed to sink into her clouded mind. 

Ajeroth looked up from his work as he felt the steady approach of his pet and a furrow crossed his brow. There was something wrong with his little slut it was as though her mind was not even there. The thought that these two might have broken his little fuck toy inspired a burning rage inside his chest. These two would pay a very dear price if they had broken his pet. A cruel snarl curled upon his black lips for a brief moment before an almost serene mask slipped over his face. He would not let either of those two succubus know what was about to hit them. Slowly he moved toward the center of the room his clawed feet clicking softly against the stone. He moved to the foot of his bed reaching out one hand to brace it against the post and leaning upon it. That simple touch connected him to the living black stone that completely made up his suite of rooms and also gave him full control over it. He would be able to spring the trap upon the pair the moment they stepped through the door.

Kasdeya became away of the mild scent of agitation that filled the halls as they neared the Master's chambers and the end of their journey. She dreaded having to set foot inside that room but knew better than to try and avoid it. Her Master's had been very clear, they were to deliver the girl to him directly once they had bathed and dressed her. A cold shiver coiled around her spine as they approached the closed door and fear began to bud inside her heart once more. As long as both the pet and her sister kept their mouths shut she would be safe from her Master ever finding out what she had done. In her current condition it did not seem like the girl would even be able to speak let alone till the Master what had happened but that seed of doubt remained about her sister. She cast one final glaring look at her sister as they stopped before the door and she lifted her hand toward it.

Aeshma could have purred with pleasure feeling the nervous tension rising in her sister. She knew what Kasdeya feared but what Kasdeya did not know was that Aeshma would make sure her sister's worst fear came true. She might just be able to earn some reward or at least some lenience by telling the Master all. She raised one hand toward the little pet and began stroking that lovely hair gently. She was jealous of the prize this little bitch had one but she dared not show it yet. This girl would be the Master's personal pet sharing his chambers and his bed something Aeshma had always yearned for. She wondered if this fragile human even realized how lucky she was. She stifled the longing sigh as they stopped before the door and buried any hope that had bloomed inside her. The time had come to make sure Kasdeya got what was coming to her. 

Charna did not realize that her journey was coming to an end as she padded down the long halls. That blissful dream like haze still clouded her mind but she was aware of some growing tension in the air as if a storm was waiting to break. That feeling caused a sour look to mar her lovely face as each step brought her closer to her fate. When she felt Aeshma's hand upon her hair she purred almost contentedly and tilted her head toward that touch. She was not sure why that touch prompted this reaction but it did not matter to her right now. Perhaps another day she would examine that thought. Feeling the two of them stop before a doorway she finally looked up at them. She could see the fear that shimmered in Kasdeya's eyes and something darker slithering in Aeshma's. She began to wonder what it was that was making Kasdeya so afraid but found it difficult to think. A shudder coursed down her frame like a subtle warning of some impending doom but she was too lulled by the spell to do anything about it.

Ajeroth's anticipation grew as the trio approached his door and he began to hunger for the torment he was about to inflict upon the pair of succubus. The mere thought of enslaving those two to his little pet made his mouth water and he hoped that by giving this prize to his pet he might warp her delicate mind. When they stopped outside the door the feeling of something wrong with his pet made him pounce. Extending his mind into the stone he commanded the door to open and locked his eyes upon that very spot. Slowly the stone obeyed his command and that heavy door began to swing open before the succubus could even think to knock. He could not wait any longer he was too eager to know what they had done to his pet, to hungry to make them suffer for what they had done to his most prized possession.

Kasdeya blinked with a start as the door before her began to swing open and a sickening feeling blossomed in the pit of her stomach. She could only hope that the Master's eagerness was to get at his pet and not because he somehow knew what she had done. Once the door had swung fully open she shifted propping one hand at the small of the girl's back and stepped over the threshold urging the girl to follow. She had barely made it a step inside the room when she stopped a shock skittering through her system as her eyes drank in the room. It was the same as it had been the last time with a few minor exceptions. There was a hot fine meal sitting upon the table to one side of the room in covered dishes, the black pool beside the Master's desk was rippling and against one wall beside her Master's bed sat two large steel crosses. A cold spike pierced her heart as she realized the crosses were make of cold forged iron. 

Aeshma did not blink as the door swung open before them and she was not surprised to see the Master standing at the foot of his bed. She already had an idea that he knew exactly what had happened which made her even more glad that she had controlled herself so well. With gentle care she withdrew the spell that had kept the pretty girl lulled. Her hand continued to stroke the long silken strands as Kasdeya urged the girl through the door with her and her stride matched her sister's. She was not about to miss a moment of her sister's downfall. Her shimmering icy eyes also drank in the changes in the room and she understood without a doubt that Ajeroth knew every detail of what had happened in the bath chamber. She felt a cold shiver run down her spine was resolved to see the plan through. If she had the chance she would tell the full story before he asked in hoped she might spare herself some suffering. 

Charna saw the door opening before her almost in slow motion. It was like being in a dream but she realized suddenly this was not dream it was a nightmare. She felt that warm haze leaving her as her eyes landed upon only one thing in the room. Standing at the end of the bed with skin like granite was the towering black pillar that was the demon who had tortured her. As her mind tried to catch up to everything that was happening she felt the gentle push giving her no choice but to step into that room. She still felt Aeshma's hand stroking her hair but now it felt more ominous like a foreshadow of doom. She shuddered caught somewhere between wanting to flee from the room and wanting to run to his side. She could not understand what possible reason she might have for wanting to run to him. Those lovely deep blue pools widened as the reason began to surface in her mind and everything that had happened in that bathing chamber played through her mind. 

Ajeroth barely contained his cold rage as the door swung open. The first thing he noticed was his pet's clouded eyes and the dreamy look on her face. He might have unleashed his fury at that moment if he hadn't noticed those eyes clearing and sensed the spell withdrawing. It seemed that Aeshma had kept his pet docile until they had reached his chambers. He noticed also the look in Kasdeya's eyes when she saw the twin crosses made from cold forged iron. That alone should have told the bitch succubus that he knew what she had done. He watched the trio step forward into the room timing his actions precisely. The moment all three had cleared the threshold he gave the command. The black stone door melted into the wall and oozed back into place covering the only way out of this room in the blink of an eye. With another single thought he activated the seals that would prevent these two bitches from escaping his wrath. Pushing himself off the bedpost he stepped forward clawed feet clicking ominously upon the stone floor. He could feel his pet's fear and uncertainty wafting from her as he spoke his voice rolling like thunder across the room.

"Charna, come here now. Do not disobey me my pet." 

Charna's eyes widened as she watched the demon straightening and stepping away from his bed. Her eyes flicked to the chains that dangle from the posts and a shudder coursed through her body. She felt more than she saw the door melting back into place blocking off any escape from the nightmare standing before her and she realized she had not been so sure she wanted to run. When she saw him stepping forward her right foot slid back intending to take a step back before his booming voice filled her ears. Hearing his command her decision was made in that very moment. Without another thought she bolted across the room her soft bare feet padding against the cold stone and she fled toward the towering demon as if he might offer safety. Everything that had happened since she woke rolled through her mind like a torrent wave. That wave left her trembling with fear as she reached his side and skidded to a stop. 

Kasdeya's eyes widened slightly as she felt the door melting into place behind her and she felt the magical seals activated. She dared to hope that it might simply be to prevent anyone from entering but somehow she had the sickening feeling that it wasn't. Watching her Master move away from the bed she was reminded once more of his strength and power. The sound of his clawed feet clicking against the stone sent a shiver down her spine. Her icy eyes widened when she heard his voice rolling like thunder across the room and at that moment she knew she was in trouble regardless of whether or not anyone said a word. Ajeroth knew what she had done and there was no escaping that fact. She was surprised when the little bitch beside her stiffened and then bolted toward the Master. She had not expected the slut to seek out safety beside the demon who had brutalized her and bound her to hell.

Aeshma was not surprised when the door melted back into place she was well aware that very little slipped by her Master. Watching him step away from the end of the bed she felt her body fill with hunger and yearn for him. The little bitch standing beside her was luck to even have felt the Master's touch. The thought that this little bitch would share her Master's bed soured her mood and not even the sound of Ajeroth's voice rolling like thunder across the room could change that. What did surprise her was the slut bolting from her side toward the demon who was the reason for her torment. She had been kind and gentle with the girl but now the girl was seeking safety with a demon more cruel then she. That fact made her eyes twinkle with a combination of jealousy and hate. She almost wished she had torn the little bitch apart. She straightened a little staring at her Master and remained silent for the moment. 

"So...you two little curs thought you could disobey my DIRECT orders, did you?" Ajeroth asked in a cold chilling voice.

"Never my lord I......." Kasdeya started to sputter.

"My lord I...." Aeshma began at the very same moment.

"SILENCE!!!" Ajeroth roared interrupting the twins.

Ajeroth turned away from the wretched twins and looked down upon the trembling creature as his side. The look upon his face was an expression that had never been seen from him before. His normally hard cruel face held an expression of kindness as he looked down upon his pet. He raised a hand toward her to stroke her lustrous hair expecting her to cringe away from his touch. His massive hand was surprisingly gentle as it slid down the silken tresses to her shoulder and he let a warm soothing energy flow from his fingertips to ease some of the tension he could see crawling across her shoulders. He knew exactly what had happened but he would ask the question anyway. Her answer would determine just how much Aeshma had let her suffer through and how much she had clouded the events. Though anyone who thought for a second the same terrible tortures would not occur under his orders was a fool the real issue was that two slaves had disobeyed him. His usually cold voice was almost warm as he spoke to her asking the question he already knew the answer to.

"Tell me, little one what happened?"

As Charna trembled beside the demon who was responsible for her torment, for her even being in this horrible place, she found herself seeking safety at his side. She held no illusion that he would have done far worse to her but this agony had been against his orders and that was why she hoped she would be safe at least from others not acting on his orders. She cringed as his words rang through the room like a bolt of power aimed directly at the sisters. Her breath quickened, fear running through her veins like quicksilver. When she felt his eyes upon her a shiver ran down her spine wrapping around her like an icy snake and she slowly looked up at him. She blinked for a moment in surprise when she saw the look upon his face. There was something almost kind about his face that threw her off balance. When his hand came up she shuddered but managed not to pull away as the massive hand stroked down her hair to perch upon her shoulder. She felt the soft soothing warmth that seemed to spill from him and almost relaxed until she heard his words. She licked her lips taking a deep breath and began to tremble harder standing beside him. The story began to spill from her lips without hesitation and her small hands slid over her hips to clasp at the front of her belly while she spoke. By the time she had finished the story she was shaking visibly and the stark terror was evident in her clear blue eyes. The last words to slip from her full red lips surprised even herself as she spoke them in a soft whisper.
