 After a long weekend of work in the freezing snow, Amy's body had begun to rebel. When she crawled out of bed on the cold Monday morning, she was not surprised to discover that her muscles ached, her joints were stiff, and her head was throbbing. At her husband's urging Amy called the local spa to see if any of her regular masseuses had an opening that day. At first it did not sound promising. 

"Hmmm, let me check," the receptionist said over the phone. "No, I'm afraid we don't have any openings today." 

Amy felt the disappointment wash over her. She wasn't sure if she was going to be able to make through the day, let alone the rest of the week, if she didn't get some sort of relief. 

"Oh wait, hold on ma'am." The receptionist said. 

Amy could hear the sound of the receptionist moving the phone away from her mouth, and she could just make out the muffled conversation on the other end of the line. 

"Yes, her name is Amy. Amy Stephens I believe." 

"No, we don't have anything open today." 

"You would? Are you sure? Oh, she'll be so happy!" 

The receptionist brought the phone back to her mouth and spoke to Amy. 

"Good news, one of our masseuses just let me know that she has an appointment that will take her through closing time, but she'll be more than happy to give you a massage after." 

"Oh my God, that's wonderful!" Amy exclaimed. "By any chance, could you tell me who it is?" 

"It's Jennifer." 

A broad smile crept across Amy's face. Jennifer was her favorite masseuse. Jennifer was also a competitive crossfitter. Her strong hands had rubbed and kneaded the stress out of Amy's fatigued body on more than one occasion. Jennifer was also the only one at the spa who knew about Amy and Doug's secret swinging lifestyle. Being an exhibitionist, Amy loved telling Jennifer about her and Doug's latest sexual adventures. Amy had hoped to eventually convince her to join them on a long weekend away. 

Amy spent the day counting the minutes until she could go. Jennifer usually allowed Amy to be completely naked when she received her massage, so she made sure she looked her best. Amy shaved her legs and under her arms, and touched up the small strip of pubic hair that ended just above her clitoris. She knew Jennifer would enjoy that. 

Being winter, the sun had already slipped below the horizon when Amy stepped through the doors of the spa. Immediately she felt as though the weight of the past weekend had simply been brushed aside. The lighting was calm, the incense smelled of sandalwood, and the faint sound of Japanese Zen Garden music was playing through the speakers. 

The curtains opened from the back and a tall Latin woman walked through. Amy was immediately taken aback by her beauty. 

The woman was very tan, with dark hair and dark eyes. She was a medium build, with slightly wider than normal hips. She wore a dark scrub bottom, and a white tank top with a dark button-up sweater. The sweater was not buttoned, and Amy could see that a lovely line of cleavage was showing from the top of her tank top. She walked confidently up to Amy and wrapped her arms around her in a warm embrace, then kissed her lightly on both cheeks. Amy felt her face flush ever so slightly. 

"Are you Amy? Hello, I'm Daya. Are you ready for your massage?" 

Confused, Amy looked around. 

"I'm sorry, I thought Jennifer was doing my massage?" 

"Oh no, sweetie. Jennifer wasn't feeling well, so she called me and asked me to take care of you for her. I hope that's ok?" 

"Oh, uh, yeah. Yes. Of course, that's ok. I'm sorry, I was just expecting Jennifer." 

"Oh, no worries sweetie. No worries at all. Hold on before we go back, let me lock the door. Everyone else is gone now, so it's just you and I." 

Daya looked into Amy's eyes, and slowly her confusion began to melt away. In its place, a fogginess began to envelop Amy. She no longer cared that Jennifer wasn't there. 

Daya locked the door and turned off the "Open" sign. She then asked Amy to follow her to the back. Amy complied without question. The hallway was barely lit, and all of the lights in the rooms were off except for one solitary light shining from the far-left room. 

When they entered the room, Daya pointed to a cube on the wall and instructed Amy to place her clothes in it. Amy undressed as instructed and folded her clothes, fitting it neatly into the space. She then turned and stood naked before Daya. 

Daya had her back to Amy. When she turned around to face her, Amy thought she could make out the slightest hint of crimson in Daya's eyes. 

"Oh mi te ves sabroso!" Daya muttered lightly. 

"Excuse me?" Amy replied. 

"Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like me to massage your back or front first?" 

"Back, please." 

"Of course, mi encantadora." 

Amy was unsure what Daya was saying, but in the haze of her mind she knew that she didn't care. Daya removed her sweater began to gather oils. 

Amy crawled onto the table, then adjusted herself into a comfortable position. Daya placed a white linen over Amy's backside, then she rubbed a liberal amount of lotion into her hands before she started massaging Amy's shoulders. 

Almost immediately Amy began to feel the tension evaporate in her body. Daya moved her hands over Amy's body with a fluidity that reminded her of a dolphin swimming gracefully in the ocean. Where she needed to be soft, she was soft. Where firmness was required, Daya was firm, but not too firm. It was almost as though she knew Amy's body better than she did. It did not take long before darker, more intimate thoughts began to swirl in Amy's mind. Attempting to distract herself from them, she started talking to Daya. 

"So Daya, you're new here?" 

"Yes, I've only been here a few months. You're actually very lucky, because tomorrow is my last day here. I'll be going home next week." 

"Oh really? Where's home?" 

"Puerto Rico." 

"Where at in Puerto Rico?" 

"A town called Aquadilla. It's on the northwest tip. Beautiful beaches there!" 

"That sounds amazing!" Amy said. "I absolutely love the beach!" 

"With a body like yours, I'm not surprised. Tu cuerpo es delioso." 

"What does that mean?" Amy asked. 

"It means you have a nice body." 

Amy blushed at her words. The touch of Daya's hands on her skin felt like silk, and Amy was surprised to feel a wetness begin to form between her legs. She shuffled her legs before separating them just slightly. 

"Are you ok?" Daya asked. 

"Mmmmm, oh yes. Thank you. Your hands are amazing!" Amy purred. 

"Thank you, Gatito." 

"Gatito?" 

"Yes, it means kitten." 

Daya's hands worked down Amy's back, and every touch brought more arousal to Amy's core. 

"So, uh, your name is Daya?" 

"Yes, it is." 

"Just Daya?" 

"No," Daya laughed, her fists digging lightly into the small of Amy's back. "It's actually Dayanara." 

Amy let out a soft moan at Daya's touch, and she opened her legs a little more to accommodate the pressure that was building between her legs. 

"Is that Spanish?" 

"No, it's Greek." 

"What does it mean?" 

"Do you really want to know, mi querido?" 

"Yes, I do!" Amy purred. 

Daya slowly traced her fingertips up along the sides of Amy's spine, stopping when her hands were on Amy's shoulders. This caused Amy to bring her hips off the table. A line of goosebumps mapped the route Daya's fingers took. Daya gripped Amy's shoulders lightly as she bent down to whisper in her ear. 

"Mi sexy, it means husband slayer." Daya said with the smallest chuckle. 

Daya slowly moved her hands off of Amy's shoulders, kneading the skin once again in the middle of her back. 

The feeling of Daya's breath on her ear, her lips so close to her neck, caused Amy's nipples to awaken and become erect. The pressure that had formed between Amy's legs grew in intensity, and she could feel the blood rushing to her pussy lips. 

"Have you slain many husbands in Puerto Rico?" Amy asked. 

"Oh cariño, I slain many husbands in Puerto Rico. I've slayed many husbands here too." 

Amy felt the swelling in her lips increase even more, and her longing became a hunger. 

Daya's hands slowly worked their way down to the small of Amy's back. Her skin began to tingle, and the soft hair at the base of her spine stood up. Daya slowly moved down to the foot of the table, and began massaging Amy's feet. Her hands gripped and rubbed Amy's feet and ankles, releasing any remaining tension. Daya's hands slowly began working their way up Amy's legs. 

"Have you now?" Amy asked. "I'm sure those men loved the feeling of your hands on them." 

Daya slowly worked her body up the table, massaging Amy's calves. Amy had been complimented numerous times on her calves, and Daya was showing them the attention that Amy had hoped for. Soon Daya began to rub her hands up Amy's legs, coming to a stop on the backs of her thighs. 

"Oh no, cariño. I never do massages for men." 

Daya's hands slowly moved in synchrony towards Amy's inner thighs. Amy began to sense that her hands were no longer massaging her legs, but instead she was caressing them. Daya took the bottom of the linen in her hand and slowly moved it up so that it was sitting on Amy's lower back, exposing her ass and pussy. Her oiled hands glided over Amy's skin with ease, and she could sense that her masseuse was applying pressure to get Amy to open her legs further. Amy obliged her, opening her legs wider. 

"Then how do you slay them?" 

Daya continued to work Amy's legs open wider to the point that she had to bend her right knee to keep her leg on the table. Amy knew that, at this point, her pussy was open and easily visible. She shuddered as a part of her wetness that had been contained was suddenly released to run over her clit and down her body onto the table. 

"I slay them by destroying their wife's desire for the touch of a man." 

Daya ran her fingers from the small of Amy's back, down the crack of her ass and over her swollen pussy before coming to a rest firmly on Amy's clit. With a firm pressure she rubbed a small circle around it, causing Amy to arch her hip off the table. Her head tilted back and a moan escaped her lips. 

"Do you like that, mi gatito?" Daya asked. 

"God, your fingers feel so good!" Amy moaned between breaths. 

Daya took her fingers away, and lightly spanked Amy's clit with her fingers. Each smack caused Amy to flinch in surprise and pleasure. 

"Time to roll over." 

Amy slowly rolled over and allowed her vision to adjust to the light. When she was able, she looked over at Daya. 

She was standing over Amy with a look of pure lust in her eyes. The crimson Amy thought she had seen earlier in Daya's eyes now appeared bright like a flame. She stood before Amy with only the tank top covering her lovely breasts. Small indentations in the shirt showed Amy that both of Daya's nipples were pierced. 

"You like what you see, mi gatito?" Daya asked as she ran her hands up under her breasts. Allowing her hands to trace the pattern of her cleavage, her fingers found their way to the top of the tank-top, where she pulled it down to allow her breasts to plunge free. 

They were larger than Amy's, and they sagged slightly. Both piercings were silver studs, and her hard nipples were surrounded by silver dollar sized dark areola. Daya allowed her fingers to make their way to her nipples where she pinched and squeezed them roughly. 

"Would you like to touch them?" 

In the haze of her mind, Amy suddenly desired nothing more than to put her hands on Daya. She brought her hands up to caress Daya's breasts. Amy squeezed them harshly, and Daya let out a squeal. She brought her hand back between Amy's legs and slid two fingers deep into her pussy. 

"Oh fuck!" Amy moaned loudly as Daya's fingers slowly filled her wet pussy. Amy released her grip on Daya's breasts and brought her hands to the sides of the table, gripping it tightly. Amy clenched her Kegel muscles, gripping Daya's fingers with a strength that she did not know she had. When she released the tension on her fingers, Daya slowly slid them back out until only the tips of her fingers were inside Amy's pussy. 

Emitting a low growl, Daya lowered her head and brought her mouth between Amy's legs. Already swollen and sensitive from Daya's touch, the sensation of warm lips on her clitoris caused Amy to throw her head back and let loose a loud moan of pleasure. Daya sucked Amy's clit hard between her lips while she slid her fingers back and forth into her pussy with a steady rhythm. 

Amy dropped her head back onto the table and continued to moan loudly. 

"Oh god," Amy panted between moans, "you feel so good!" 

Daya only let out a sound of "mmmm" as she looked up at Amy. Amy's eyes met her gaze, and both women's eyes glowed with passion. 

Amy had enjoyed the feeling and touch of a woman on her body many times in the past, but the sensations that she was feeling with Daya were completely new. Wherever Daya's lips touched, Amy felt her skin come alive with pleasure. 

Through the haze that had enveloped Amy, one thought was clear. The thought to allow Daya to do with her body as she wished. Whatever Daya wanted to do felt like the only thing that was important in Amy's entire existence. 

Daya's tongue flicked and rolled on Amy's clit, which continued to swell. Her fingers continued to thrust fast and deep into her pussy. 

"Oh baby...you're going to make me cum!" 

Daya's fingers thrust into Amy faster still, her tongue flicking harder as she sucked her clit in deeper. 

Amy's eyes closed tightly and her mouth flew wide open as she came with an intensity that she had not felt in her life. 

Daya kept her mouth over Amy's clit, and she continued to suck it deeply. Amy responded with quivering jolts, as though her clit was being struck by an electric current. When she felt that Amy could take no longer, Daya removed her lips from around Amy's clit. She stood up and slowly walked up to the head of the bed. Daya then bent down and kissed Amy lightly on the lips. 

"Mi gatito, I like you. I don't want to ruin you for your husband. If you're ever in Puerto Rico, you look me up. Ok?" 

Amy could only nod silently. No words or thoughts could break through the fog. 

Daya bent down again and kissed Amy on the forehead. Daya gathered her belongings and began to walk out of the room. Before leaving, she turned to Amy. 

"Adios, mi Gatito," Daya said, blowing Amy a kiss. "Come visit me some day in Puerto Rico." She turned and strolled out of the room. 

After a moment the fog lifted from Amy's mind. Silently, she got up from the table and got dressed. Expecting the front door to be unlocked, she was surprised to find it still bolted. Looking around, Amy unlocked the door and stepped out into the cold darkness. As she got into her car, one thought remained on her mind. 

How had Daya left the spa? 

The next afternoon Amy was at work when her cellphone rang. It was the receptionist from the spa. 

"Good afternoon ma'am. Management just wanted me to contact you to see if you were ok?" 

"Uh, yes...yes I'm fine. Why do you ask?" 

"Well, Jennifer's belongings are still in her cubby, and her car is still here. We tried to contact her at home, but her husband said that she never came home." 

Amy was suddenly confused. 

"Well, the other masseuse told me that Jennifer went home sick." 

"Other masseuse? Jennifer was the only one working last night." 

"Daya said that Jennifer called her and asked her to handle my massage." 

"Who?" the receptionist asked in a puzzled tone. 

"Daya? Dayanara?" Amy replied. 

The phone was silent for many seconds. 

"I'm sorry ma'am, but we don't have any masseuse that works here by that name."