  *~* Author's Note *~* This is a series I started for fun seeing as I never finish long stories. Being able to write a chapter, polish it, and post it for feed back seems like a good way to start. Future chapters will have many, many fetishes. Some of these include; tentacles, absorption vore, impregnation, ooze girl, and whatever else I cook up. If you're not into this kinda stuff feel free to turn back now. This chapter involves none of that. I hope you enjoy! Please rate and comment if you'd like to see more! 

*~*~*~*

There was something vaguely creepy about the house even now. It had taken her two days to get most of her belongings packed up and moved into the new house. She left behind most of her furniture, all second hand, in favor of the furnishings that came with the beautiful house. She stayed late tonight and now that everything was in it's place she was exhausted. All she could think of was a nice, steamy shower and her newly made bed.

She walked through the strange house to the staircase. There were two floors, a basement, and an attic. Much more space than she was used to. She peeked out the large front windows. Deep in the forests of Pennsylvania all there was to see were trees and stars, far more stars than she'd ever seen living in the city. She turned back to the staircase and made her way up. There were so many rooms, she didn't even know what some of them might have been for. The floor creaked quietly as she found herself at the bathroom.

It was one of three in the house and made mostly of black and white marble. She closed the heavy door behind her and took in the room once more. Ahead of her was a marble shelf worked into the wall. Next to her was a large mirror that took up the whole wall, not even a frame separated it from the floor or ceiling. To her left was a large marble bathtub that took up the entire side of the room which also seemed to be worked right into the floor. Big enough for at least eight adults to lay in with room to spare, it was massive. Made completely of black and white swirled marble, even the shelf worked into the far side's wall for shampoo and soaps.

Three large round shower heads lined the wall of the tub on each side, each side with their own set of knobs to adjust the water. Right under the shower heads was a small lip of marble and a gap above it that spanned all three. She slipped off her socks and unzipped her dark, dust covered jeans, letting them fall to the floor at her feet. Stepping out of them she stepped into the tub and over to the knobs. She turned the water on hot and water began flowing from the gap creating a waterfall wide enough for three. She plugged the drain in the center of the tub and stepped back out.

She padded over to her jeans, picking them up and fishing the cellphone from it's pockets. It occurred to her to send a text to her friend Tonya to let her know she wouldn't be over tonight. She slid the screen up to reveal the thumb keyboard and began; Hey Tonya, good news! I finished unpacking tonight so i'm staying here tonight. Your couch is gonna miss me! Thanks again for taking me in. She hit send and set it on the shelf, tossing the jeans and socks in the corner. She pulled the loose shirt over her head and unclasped her bra. The sound of the water was already relaxing her and steam was starting to surround her. She slid out of her panties and turned to the mirrorwall, pulling the scrunchie out of her hair and tossing it on the shelf as well. Long black hair cascaded over the light skin of her shoulders. She was curvy and beautiful. She had a bit of a belly but she was happy with her figure and no one ever complained. She didn't see the beauty in those zero sized models, ribs clearly visible under their skin. That always made her feel sick, that wasn't beauty, that was malnourished.

She turned from the mirror but something caught her eye, a small movement? Wiping at the condensation from it's surface she saw nothing out of the ordinary and shrugged. She walked back over to the half full tub and climbed into the hot water. She moved through the water and turned the knobs to off then slowly lowered herself into the waiting water. Savoring the feeling of the heat creeping up her skin and over her generous breasts. Laying in the tub she allowed herself to relax, enjoying the heat that seemed to leech the fatigue from her muscles. She caught a whiff of something pleasant and flowery, so faint she thought she may have imagined it. The hot water melted away the stresses of the day and her eyes felt a bit heavy. She smelled the flowery scent more now, a soft undercurrent, as if the steam itself carried it. She felt herself begin to dose off, tiny waves lapped at her breasts as she settled in...

Something woke her, her eyes opening slowly, she looked around the room but nothing seemed out of place. The scent was stronger now, it reminded her of cherry blossoms and fresh rain. Nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary. She shrugged slightly and noticed the water was cooling off. How long had she dozed off for? She stood slowly and pulled the pin to switch the shower heads on then adjusted the knobs for water just this side of scolding, just the way she liked it. Valerie made her way to the shelf, loving how the shower heads hit her from three angles. They seemed to follow her as she moved but her mind was elsewhere. As the hot water began to fill the room once more with steam she started shampooing and conditioning her hair, working it through her long dark strands. She left the conditioner in and grabbed the shower puff, pouring a bit of body wash onto it and working it into a thick lather.

Normally she loved the smell of the body wash but she couldn't smell anything but the strange rain and cherry blossoms scent. She felt almost numb, a sweet foggy feeling creeping over her mind so slowly it was hard to notice. She began to wash herself slowly, the puff sending the slightest of tingles over her skin. The room was thick with steam and she thought it was a bit silly to have a bathroom without a window. The water seemed to caress her skin wherever it hit her. Still slowly washing herself she realized she was short of breath, taking small gasps of air. it made her feel giddy and light headed, so she forced herself to take a long deep breath. The scent seemed to fill her and she exhaled, taking in another deep breath. She felt a bit dizzy and heady like she had just smoked a joint. it occurred to her though the steam she could barely see the mirror.

Her skin tingled under the puff's caress, suds trailing down her skin. She went to wipe at a bunch of them trailing down her is and the feel of her own fingers sent a flurry of tingles radiating though her and a gasp escaped her lips. Her skin was almost burning to her own touch. She took another deep breath and felt her head fill with clouds, her whole body seemed to hum with heat and anticipation. Before she realized what she was doing her hand began slowly creeping toward the heat between her legs, the other to her soapy breasts. She didn't remember dropping the shower puff. She couldn't focus on anything but the wonderful feeling of her hands making their way across her belly, sending shivers down her spine.

She cupped her breast in one hand, lifting it and squeezing softly. Her other hand sliding past her waist, her fingertips running through the thin path or hair leading down. It made her squirm and sigh. Ever so slowly she slid her probing fingers down, cupping her pussy. She slid a finger over her lips, her fingers glided through her wetness. She had never felt so aroused before, never felt the hunger gripping her like this. She ran her fingers over her lips slowly, each time probing just a tiny bit deeper but never penetrating. She sensed movement in front of her, but nothing seemed more important than the pleasure rippling though her. Her fingertips grazed her aching clit and her half lidded eyes opened wide, a moan passing her parted lips. She began to circle her clit ever so slowly. Her legs were feeling weak under the pleasure building inside her.

That's when something fascinating caught her eye. The fog seemed to swirl slowly and a small tunnel began to form between her and the mirror, allowing her to see her own reflection in the mirror but it wasn't quite right. it's movements seemed to be out of sync with hers. A tiny voice in her head told her that something weird was happening but she just couldn't seem to pay much attention to it. All that mattered was the fire inside her, growing by the movement, leaving her breath quick and shallow. The reflection stalked slowly closer toward the surface of the mirror, her body swaying to some unheard music. Valerie slid her slick finger deep into herself, another moan escaping her, this time louder.

The reflection now stood at the surface of the mirror watching Valerie, a smile on her face as she continued to pleasure herself as well. She began walking forward slowly, the mirror slowly distorting around her as if she was pushing her way through the barrier. A moment later the mirror wobbled back into place and a perfect copy of herself stood in front of the mirror. The voice in her head told her to run, screamed at her to escape but she could barely understand a word it said, she wanted the being, whatever it was, to join her. Slowly the being moved toward the tub, her own hands exploring and caressing it's body, small gasps and moans escaped her lips, in her own voice. Valerie had stopped her own exploration as the being stepped into the tub, sending little ripples flowing across the water. She knew it wasn't an illusion in that moment and in her lust wanted nothing more than to be pressed against her new lover. Slowly the being closed the distance between them. It stood before her for a moment and Valerie looked deep into it's eyes, her eyes, then wrapped her arms around her lover and pulled it close.

The embrace was warm and inviting, she practically melted into it's arms. She took a deep breath and recognized the scent from earlier, it was coming from it. It slowly trailed fingers across her back, shivers erupting in their wake. Valerie found herself mirroring it's movements herself, running fingers over it's back. A soft gasp came from it's lips and it gave her a longing gaze. It wanted her, she knew it wanted her completely and she wanted it. She gave herself over to her lust, moaning as her lover's fingers trailed over her lips, teasing and probing. Valerie kissed her deeply as her lover plunged it's fingers deep into her, her own fingers digging into it's back, kneading and massaging. The shower heads suddenly stopped and she felt the water level in the tub draining away. Valerie's legs could barely hold her when suddenly her lover picked up her pace, Valerie's body convulsed as a wave of pleasure crashed over her, her whole body shaking, her mind reeled as an orgasm stronger than any she had in the past shook her. Her fingers dug into her lover's back. She could hear her own moaning mixed with it's as they collapsed into the tub. Her whole body trembled but the fire inside her was far from quenched.

Her lover lowered her into the tub softly and as soon as she was down Valerie swiped it's legs from under it and rolled on top of it, straddling her. She lowered herself over her lover and kissed her lovingly as she began rubbing it's pussy with her leg. It moaned into the kiss and returned the favor. Valerie couldn't stop herself, her body moved of it's own will, dragging out the pleasure that was quickly mounting into another raging orgasm. Her lover wrapped it's arms around her and pulled her closer with each thrust and Valerie went crazy. Her mind was enveloped in such pleasure she lost track of time. They screamed together as their orgasms peaked and her held each other close, every shudder their trembling bodies gave the other that much more pleasure till they both passed out. Valerie on top of her lover. Her last thought before the darkness took her was she hoped her new friend would be there when she awoke.