 *~* Author's Note *~*

Here is part two of chapter three! I had only meant to break this chapter into two parts, it became three. The next and final part of this chapter will not focus on the mushrooms. Please tell me what you think! It includes mycophilia, which means having a sexual attraction to mushroom or other fungi, in my use it'd be sex mushrooms. 

*~*~*~* 

Valerie's eyes opened slowly, the light filtering into the green house from above made her squint. It wasn't very bright but it was still bothering her. She sat up and looked around, expecting to see the slender mushrooms swaying around her but there were none. She felt a bit disappointed and then she felt ashamed. What was going on here? Something like this happened before.. didn't it? She remembered a flowery scent.. She was taking a shower the night before and something had happened. It was hard to remember exactly what but she had a feeling. Now she had been attacked here too.. It was wonderful though, was it? The thought made her shiver. The feeling of the stalks caressing her body, the fire building in her core... She shook her head, trying to rid herself of the thought.

There was a rustle of leaves from the plants and Valerie suddenly stopped and looked around. Another sound came from the same direction and she started to slowly push herself backward, still sitting. It sounded a bit closer this time and Valerie moved backward a bit faster, Bumping against something. She turned her head quickly and saw the stalk of the large mushroom. The cap was just above her head, the ribs on the underside of the cap were dark and deep. The sound of a breaking twig grabbed her attention and she spun her head to look toward it, her ponytail hitting the stalk behind her. Tiny dust like spores drifted down onto her back, her skin warming where they landed. She couldn't see anything beyond the small clearing, but thought she heard a voice. A soft, lilting whisper. She tried to focus on it, to hear what it said but something else tugged at her attention.

A soft tingling feeling trailed down her spine spreading a warming sensation. It slowly intensified as Valerie went to push herself up with her hands but the ground wasn't quite flat, her hand cupped something soft just under the dirt. It seemed to squirm against her touch and she quickly pulled her hand away. The warmth was starting to spread around her waist and neck. It felt wonderful, like she was being wrapped in a fluffy blanket lined in silk.

The ground around her seemed to pulse slightly and she could see little strands pushing up through the dirt, they reminded her of bean sprouts, if bean sprouts were brown and straight. The sight was odd to Valerie, watching something grow just fast enough to see its progress. Was it the smaller mushrooms? The sprouts began to develop nubs at the tip, slowly forming the caps as the stalks grew thicker, not yet reaching their previous size. Pinning it was called, wasn't it? She watched the scene unfold around her, the mushrooms reaching their previous peak, swaying slowly, stalks dancing slowly.

She felt something trail down her chest, rolling softly down her breast. She looked down and saw little droplets of sweat beading on her skin and noticed how warm her body was getting. She stood up slowly, not knowing if her legs would hold her, the movement sending a few drops rolling down her skin. Tiny ripples of sensation seemed to radiate wherever the sweat flowed. Forgetting about the movement beyond the clearing she turned to face the large mushroom. She was a bit surprised at how much it had grown, it must have been growing when the others were pinning she thought. The large cap was just above her midriff. Before she realized what she was doing her hand caressed the top of the cap, it felt taut and spongy at the same time. She ran her fingertips over the soft flesh of the cap. It felt cool against her warm fingers.

Sweat beaded and rolled down her skin but wasn't unpleasant, she felt like her senses were on overdrive. She wanted to feel the coolness against her skin, feel the shocking contrast. She leaned over and let her hard nipples slide against the mushroom, the feeling sending chills down her spine. Grasping the stalk of the mushroom she slowly brushed it against her body. A soft gasp parted her lips. Her body felt like it was on fire. The mushroom began to writhe in her hand, nuzzling her chest and breasts. The coolness of the mushroom made her moan softly. Stepping closer she slid her fingers down to her panties, they felt damp to her. She slid them down her thighs and let them fall to the ground.

The mushroom's cap seemed to shrink as it brushed along her skin, passing her waist and pressing downward. Valerie's hands went to breasts, kneading them gently in her hands. The mushroom reached her clit, teasing her. The mushroom snaked it's stalk, caressing her mound, sliding along her curves as it slowly pushed it's cap upward. It stopped as the cap brushed her labia before sliding back along her. It felt like nothing she had experienced before. The length of it's stalk sliding over her clit in long slow strokes. She ground her body against it. Her body was on fire and only one thing could quench her.

The cap slowly pushed against her pussy. It's size worried Valerie and she waited for the pain. The cap pushed slowly into her, the head spreading her wide. Her fingers clenched around her breasts as she moaned, trying to force it deeper into her but the stalk just lowered with her. It was teasing her and she couldn't take it anymore. She wrapped her hands around the thick stalk and used the leverage to grind against it. Her whole body following the rolling of her hips.

The smaller mushrooms began writhing toward her, wrapping slowly around her legs. They slowly slid their way over her, questing upward as the main mushroom finally penetrated her core. The smaller mushrooms pulsed in time with the thrusts, pulling her down onto the large mushroom. Her body bucked and thrashed as she moaned loudly. She felt so full and satisfied, the mushrooms caressing all of her, curling around her breasts, massaging and teasing her nipples. She was riding the edge, trying to hold out against the onslaught of pleasure. Mushroom caps brushed against her nipples and clit before rearing back like snakes about to strike. The caps swallowed her clit and nipples, her clit felt like it was being licked and sucked while the ones on her nipples spread like soft putty, over her breasts, covering them and kneading them while they licked her nipples.

Valerie's body spasmed as the waves of pleasure washed over her body. She fell to the ground, the mushrooms slowly retreating from her. Her body felt weak but the afterglow was wonderful, her whole body sang with it. She rested her head on the soft ground. It took her a second but she noticed what looked to be a beautiful woman standing at the edge of the clearing, her fingers danced along her clit and lips. Something was off about her, Valerie thought. She looked to be covered in green leaves and vines. She smiled at Valerie and the world went dark.