 Dirt flew up out of a small hole, in the midst of the wetlands. It was night, and the foggy moonless sky made it a perfect setting for a horror movie. All was quiet save for the croaking of frogs in the swamp. But as more dirt and mud spewed from the hole, all creatures big and small in the wetlands sensed the birth of something evil beyond their comprehension. The heavy evil aura looming in the air drove the creatures further in their lairs, and even the frogs silenced their habitual croaks. Something was desperately clawing and scratching beneath the ground. It was getting louder as it made its way further up to the surface. 

The final push and a muddy figure rose out of the ground, screeching its ominous victory cry. It was hideous - a mere skeleton with hair that was once white, now matted with dirt and mud. It had no eyeballs, and its jaw was fixed at an impossible angle. It staggered about, getting its bearings right. She had unfinished business to deal with. The curse she had put on Caelestis was half broken, and he had his way with a woman! If she couldn't have him, no one will. Once the woman was dealt with, she would make sure Caelestis would be sexually tortured before dying a deliciously lingering death. 

The creature was tired; it lacked nourishment and had no knowledge of what was going on. She even forgot her name; her head was still in a daze. She staggered on, hoping to find a house or some form of civilization. The first thing she needed to do was to feed. She slowly made her way to the small road, her skeletal feet faltering on uneven ground. The aura of two young virile men could be felt. Her first meal was waiting for her.

"Fucking hell! It just had to happen now, didn't it!" David cursed and kicked the front tire of his Mazda MX5. 

His brother Sam, the calmer one, merely sat in the passenger seat with his arms folded. Smiling smugly he said: "If you had checked the radiator before we left, this wouldn't happen. I told you so didn't I? Oh no, you wouldn't listen." 

"Do not use that on me! Don't talk to me as if I'm your precious boyfriend Oliver. And it's his fault we are in this situation. Humph! He's always begging you for help. I hope those big boys are giving him a good whelping right now. Better yet, they may be fucking his ass while waiting for you to arrive with the dough," David retorted. 

In a calmer, icier tone Sam told him: "do not speak of Oliver like that. I'm sorry I got you into this mess. I owe you a big one and when this is over, I will make this up to you." 

The dense fog hid the creature very well. It was only when the creature stood directly in front of the car's headlights did the guys notice it. And it was too late. They could only stare, unable to move as if bound by magic. Their eyes widened with horror, cold sweat breaking out on their foreheads, their ragged breaths forming wisps of smoke in the cold air. The creature stretched out its hand towards David who was leaning against the car. Its skeletal fingers long and menacing were a ghastly vision. David whimpered, silently pleading for mercy and hoping the nightmare would go away in his mind. But his body was frozen. A pool of warm piss was forming at his feet. 

David leaned further against the car, the creature trapping him. Sam too was whimpering and his legs were shaking violently while still seated in the car. With a swipe of its arm, the creature slashed David's jugular vein. Blood splattered on the window in front of Sam. Squealing, he struggled to get his jellylike legs to move. He clambered to the back, onto the road and started to run but tripped and stumbled onto the unforgiving road. Desperately, he crawled away from the horrible scene and tried to dial his cell phone. Sobbing, he frantically tried to press the tiny buttons, and dropped his phone. His mind was now in overdrive mode. 

Meanwhile, the creature was gorging on David's warm thick blood. Mmmmm...heavenly. Through the blood link, she could taste and learn all about him; his past, his sex life and his current state of pure fear. The scent of fear always excited her, and she sucked hard like a baby suckling its mother's milk. His life was slowly draining away and he got colder and colder, his vision thankfully dimming. She wanted more. She needed to learn about this world she was in. Digging her filthy fingers or rather claws into his chest; she ripped apart his ribcage to find his healthy heart. She clutched it in her hand and with a savage-like manner, crammed it into her jaw. The heart burst like a ripe tomato, its dark thick blood juices spewing all over in her mouth. She savored the taste like it was rich wine rolling smoothly down one's throat, letting the juices seep into her bones. It was like having a mini orgasm, satisfying her most primal urges. 

Blood, bits of human flesh and messy goop covered the front of the car like an artist's crazed painting. She liked what she saw. The creature twisted David's neck, disconnecting the skull from the rest of the body. Clutching it closer to where her midriff would be, she cracked open the cranium, revealing its warm massive grey matter. Her fingers dug into it greedily, scooping out the soft stuff and bringing it into her waiting mouth. Each mouthful brought more knowledge and power to her. She saw through his mind's eyes what the new world was like, the ability to speak English and whatever French he knew. 

She learnt that this David loved sex, often organizing orgy parties which invariably result in a bad hangover the next morning. David did dabble in a bit of gay stuff too, but he was always the Dom, viciously fucking the guys' asses till they begged for mercy. He liked giving them pain; and hearing them cry from his punishing fuck was music to his ears. She figured he would be at home in her own world where she was giving it to him instead. A pity she had to feed first. Perhaps his brother Sam the fairy would enjoy what she would do to him. 

As she continued feasting on his brain, her physical appearance started to flesh out. Her thick dark hair, her captivating amethyst eyes and the luscious juicy lips that pleased men in more ways than one formed on and around her face. Flesh, muscles and veins built up around her bones; of particular visual interest were her prized possessions: her bouncy mammoth breasts with their dark pink crowning glories and her round firm ass which were as good as she last remembered. Her skin took on the bronze glow that women always envied. 

Licking her fingers clean of the last bit of brain food, she turned her attention to Sam who was kneeling on the road, clutching his cell phone for dear life. Throwing the empty skull behind her, she strolled towards her next victim.

Author's note: more will be coming, don't worry. Just bear with me and I promise a nice steamy one when the worst is over :P Thank you