 Karen wouldn't have spotted him if it wasn't for his white shirt that reflected the light of her headlights. He was standing next to the road, waving. She noticed a car in the ditch and realized that there must have been an accident. She hit the breaks and was out of her car before he had even opened his mouth.

"Are you all right?" she asked. "What happened?"

"I'm fine," he said. "I drove off the road when I was trying to avoid hitting a deer that jumped out in front of my car."

"You're bleeding!" said Karen, and pulled out a handkerchief. "Here, press this against your forehead..."

She led him to the car.

"Do you want me to take you to a hospital?" she asked.

"No, I'm fine," he assured her. "I just need to borrow your phone to call for a tow truck."

"You're lucky to be alive!" said Karen.

"And I'm lucky you stopped," he said. "I'm a damsel in distress, and you're my knight in shining armour."

"Don't you mean a knight in a shining Opel?" Karen giggled.

"How romantic!" he smiled dryly.

"Oh, about as romantic as imagining you as a damsel," said Karen, flashing him a naughty smile.

What's the matter with me? she thought to herself. I'm FLIRTING with him! He's a stranger, I don't know first thing about him!

"The name's Stephen, by the way," he said. "Stephen Mitchell."

"Karen Anderson," she replied.

* * * * *

They stopped outside Karen's house, and she showed him up to her flat.

"I like this place," he said. "Nice and spacious."

"Thanks," said Karen, smiling proudly. "The phone's over there. I'll get the first aid kit."

She got the little box out of the bathroom cabinet and returned to the kitchen just as Stephen hung up the phone.

"They'll pick it up first thing tomorrow morning," he said. "Would you mind if I used your phone again to call for a cab?"

"Yes, I would!" said Karen. "Head injuries can be tricky. You may feel OK right now, but you might wake up with a seizure in the middle of the night. I think you better sleep over."

"Well, if you insist..." he said. "Is your couch comfortable?"

"Very comfortable," said Karen. "I've received lots of praise for my comfortable couch."

He smiled at her. It was a nice smile, but at the same time a little wicked. With his blond hair and blue eyes, he looked like a fallen angel. All of a sudden, her knees felt unstable, and she quickly sat down.

"Take a seat," she said, and pulled out the other chair for him. "I want to take a look at that cut in your forehead."

He obediently sat down and allowed her to tend to his injuries. Like he had said, it wasn't as bad as it looked. She washed it and put on a Band-Aid. He closed his eyes.

"I'm sorry, did I hurt you?" said Karen.

"No, not at all," he said. "I'm just enjoying your tender care. You've got soft, warm hands."

He took her hands in his and opened his eyes. They weren't just blue, they had a green tint in them, too. Like the sea.

"You're not only beautiful, you're also very kind," he said. "May I thank you?"

"She smiled and closed her eyes. His kiss was light and gentle. She opened her eyes and gave him a dirty smile.

"Surely you can do better than that?" she teased him.

Oh, yes, he could! His next kiss was soft, sensual, and hot. His hands travelled down her neck to her shoulders, pulled her closer, and moved down to the first button in her blouse. They rushed to see who could get the other one's shirt off first, and it was a tie. Karen left her chair and straddled Stephen's lap. While he fumbled with the clasp of her bra, she drew a work of art over his hairy chest, and he moaned when she flicked her tongue over his nipples.

"You're the sexiest woman I've ever met!" he growled, and tossed her bra across the room.

He attacked her breasts like a hungry dog, and his 5 o' clock shadow scraped her sensitive skin in a way that made her tremble. He was rough, and it turned her on. She humped his hard-on through the clothes, and he tore himself away from her breasts.

"I need you!" he panted. "I want you right now!"

"What are you waiting for then?" said Karen, a little out of breath. "Take me!"

He abruptly stood up, with his hands around her ass. She wrapped her legs around his waist and stole another kiss as he carried her into the bedroom. They fell together down on the bed, and he went back to sucking on her nipples. Karen opened up her jeans, and he pulled them off her. Her body ached for him the few seconds it took him to do this, but then he was back, and so was his tongue; wet and teasing and intuitively knowing just where and how she craved its touch. She put her legs around his neck and locked him against her clit. He didn't even stop when she screamed with pleasure and arched her back off the bed. He kept licking away until she felt good enough to cry.

"Come inside me!" she begged. "I want you so fucking much!"

In three seconds flat he was naked and warm and driving his hard tool into her wetness. Karen was trembling, her legs kept shaking, and she clung to him for support while he worked his magic between her legs and brought her to another orgasm. He grabbed her wrists and pressed them down against the mattress. He fucked her roughly, and she moved with him, moved her hips up to meet his every thrust. He let go of one of her arms to lift her leg up, thus getting a different angle to penetrate her from. He reached new areas within her, and she grabbed on to the headboard with her free hand and indulged in the fantasy of being ravished. He bit her neck and groaned. Her next climax coincided with his. He kissed her deeply before he pulled out of her, and then he laid down next to her, put his arms around her, and pulled her into a spooning position. He kissed her neck and fondled her breasts. He took one of her hands in his and steered it down between her legs. Following his lead, she played with herself, moaning shamelessly to get him excited. Her show, together with his own playing with her breasts, soon got him hard again, and he entered her from behind. Karen closed her eyes and enjoyed the double stimulation of his cock and her own fingers. She could feel the tension build up again...

* * * * *

When she finally woke up, he was gone. She looked through the apartment to find a note or something, but the only evidence that he had ever been there was the first aid kit on the kitchen table and her bra that he had tossed into the kitchen sink. Disappointed and a little angry, she put the coffee on and stepped into the shower.

* * * * *

It took 2 months of detective work, but she'd finally managed to find his address, and here she was, driving up the road to a small house not far from where she'd picked him up that night. Karen parked the car and stepped out. A door opened, and a woman came out of the house. Karen felt her stomach cramp up. Who was this?

"Hello..?" said the woman. "May I help you?"

She was in her late 40'ies, had a plump figure, and large blue eyes.She somehow looked familiar...

"Hello," said Karen. "I'm looking for Stephen Mitchell."

"Stephen?" the woman tensed up. "And you are..?"

"My name's Karen Anderson," said Karen. "I don't suppose he's mentioned me?"

The woman merely stared at her. She didn't look very friendly. Oh, great! Had she run into Stephen's jealous wife? But she had to be a lot older than him...

"I met Stephen a few months ago," Karen explained. "He'd just had an accident with his car..."

"...and drove off the road trying to avoid hitting a deer," the older woman filled in. "Yes. I know."

"Well... I just wanted to stop by and make sure he was all right," said Karen, feeling more awkward by the minute.

"Miss Anderson... the woman sighed. "There's something I think you should know about my brother."

Brother! Her brother! Karen couldn't help but smile with relief.

"Stephen died in that car crash," said his sister. "He's been dead for 14 years, miss Anderson."

Karen took a step back.

"What... what are you saying?" she stuttered. "Someone... pretended to be Stephen?"

"Oh, no, I'm sure it WAS Stephen," said his sister. "Every now and then, he shows up at the place where he had that accident. He stops drivers and asks for a ride. When they come close to town, he's suddenly gone without a trace."

"But... this man came home with me," said Karen. "He called for a tow truck and spent the night! I washed blood off his forehead and put Band-Aid on him! It was a man of flesh and blood, I know he was!"

"Excuse me one moment, miss Anderson."

The woman went into the house and came back out with a photo.

"This is my brother Stephen," she said. "Is this the man you met?"

The blue, glittering eyes, with just a shade of green... the messy blond hair... the dirty smile...

"That's him," Karen whispered. "Oh, my god! That's him!"

"I'm sorry, miss Anderson," said Stephen's sister. "It's not the first time people have come up here to ask about him, but... miss Anderson? Miss Anderson! Are you all right?"

Karen fell on all four on the ground and threw up. Her head felt heavy, and she put a hand over her stomach. Two months late... He'd been dead for 14 years, and yet there it was, the result of a night of passion, hidden inside her yet flat stomach...

She threw up again.