 Sheena.

A lone blue geo metro protested loudly as it reached the final summit before the valley. Just as a wide open view should have appeared sunlight streamed in and ignited the inside of the tiny car. Momentarily blinded, Jameson snapped the visor down and took in the sight of the small valley sprawling below him as the enormous sun hung low on the horizon. Yellow had already faded to orange but he could also see traces of reds and purples bubbling up from the mountains. Not being your average athletic college "bro", he found himself breathless. Yes, he was a college baseball playing frat boy, but he did appreciate things other than sports. Especially beautiful things. He was a moderately handsome man weighing just under 200 lbs and 6'6" tall. His weight was a combination of his height and his addiction to weight lifting, and actually didn't have an inch of fat on his body. 

Below, the interstate was laid out before him seeming to stretch on forever disappearing somewhere down in the valley. Jameson pulled off his Arizona State baseball cap immediately replacing it to smooth down and push back his shaggy black hair appreciating the brewing sunset and the desert scenery wishing he could share it with her. His piece of shit beater definitely wouldn't reach her in time. In fact, he wouldn't reach her until midnight when they have plans to meet. 

As the road leveled out in the valley, blues and purples dominated the sky as the sun prepared to retire until tomorrow. The colors seemed to create their own atmosphere as they reflected off the small amount of smoke lingering across the entire valley. The effect was a sparkling indigo fog that engulfed his entire car. Jameson felt as if he was driving in a smoking cauldron and began to feel apprehensive. His vison was not the best, and to be certain he wouldn't get turned around in the valley he picked up his cell phone to check the already opened GPS app on his phone. Just as he thought, he would continue on the single highway all the way to the opposite mountain range and wouldn't turn until he reached the small town of Orleans only 312 miles ahead. 

Having already driven three quarters of the way the closeness jolted Jameson out of his apprehension and he felt himself stiffen. Thoughts of her ran through his mind as he gripped the steering wheel. Her vulnerability and frailty causing his erection to throb. A muffled "Argh.." escaped his lips as he slid his phone into his lap. He went from classic frat boy to gorilla in seconds. His lean and straight posture morphed into a hunched forward brute gripping the steering wheel in one hand and his cell phone in the other. Exiting out of his GPS app he opened the secret file locker in his phone and punched in his passkey. Another jolt ran through his frame as he began swiping through photos of her, and many others like her, and he began to sweat. This went on for about four miles before he nearly swerved off the road and had to pull over. 

His cell phone lay face up showing her sitting crisscross on her floor in front of a mirror. She was wearing skinny jeans and toms, but above that nothing except for her long wavy brown hair perfectly framing her unusually large breasts. "Get it together." he told himself and made himself feel nothing. Several minutes of meditation only added to the intensity and he even felt precum beginning to soak through his jeans. "Fuck it," He muttered, and closing his eyes he relaxed his body, let go of the steering wheel and leaned the seat back. Jameson was a very large man and the steering wheel of his tiny car was in the way of what he planned to do so he could clear his head. In one aggressive motion he unbuckled his belt then pulled his massive cock from his jeans. It protruded nearly 8 inches into the air and to any virginal woman it would appear to be frighteningly thick. He began to stoke his shaft firmly and knowing he had to hurry he made himself cum within minutes. It splattered his steering wheel as he let out a growl of satisfaction. Nowhere close to the real thing but it set him straight. He quickly wiped up the steering wheel with a napkin and put his cock away. 

Just as he started the car he looked up and saw a hitchhiker staring at him through the windshield. He could just make out the outline of a short curvy woman under the long, sienna, hooded robe she wore. Trying not to seem as embarrassed as he truly was he rolled down his window. Seeing a sign safety pinned to her back pack saying El Paso he asked, "Do you need a ride?" Saying it out loud made the question seem ridiculous. Of course she doesn't want a ride from you after you just jacked off in front of her. This was defiantly awkward but he refused to apologize because when he pulled over she had been nowhere in sight, and he wondered where she had come from. 

As she sauntered up to the car she dropped her pack and slowly let the robe fall behind her as well revealing a very feminine physique. She was wearing something that could have been from the Mad Max costume wardrobe. A black, studded, leather corset, that revealed her busty cleavage, stopped just above her belly button and matching black short shorts were all she was wearing besides her gladiator strapped stilleto heels. Her pale skin, bright glowing green eyes, and her long cascade of wavy wine red hair made his throat go dry. As she leaned into his window her hair fell forward and tickled his face. She slowly looked him up and down then bit into her bottom lip. "Yes, I really could use a ride." She said in a soft, sultry voice. There was a slight accent but he could not place it. The way she said this instantly made his cock hard again. For some reason he felt like she wasn't talking about his shitty car. 

Then she pulled his door open and curled her finger at him gesturing for him to follow her. He watched as she draped her body over the hood of car and wagged her ass. Stumbling out of the car he had to force himself not to crawl to her. Her six inch heels made her tall enough so he didn't have to bend his knees too much to rub his swollen cock on his ass. He wasn't thinking clearly and something in the back of mind was yelling danger but every other part of him told him to fuck her right now. He pulled her shorts down to her ankles and kneeled behind her. He licked up the back of her thighs and bit into her ass cheek. She let out a soft laugh, "Eat me, " She demanded, and he did. He started licking down from her ass to her pussy but couldn't make up his mind which tasted sweeter so he thrust his tongue into both of her holes one after another before focusing on her clitoris with his tongue. 

He felt her pussy throb with pleasure and her moans encouraged him to thrust one and then two fingers into her ass. He heard her scream just as he felt her cum squirt onto his face. He stood and stared at her incredibly sexy body quivering on the hood of his blue car. She turned back to him and wagged her ass some more. Her eyes were bright orbs staring into his. He heard her voice in his head saying, "Fuck me, now." but her lips didn't move. Not needing any more encouragement he whipped his cock out and slammed it into her soaking wet pussy so hard his balls slapped her. He began pumping her aggressively, wrapping her long hair around his hands so he could pull her towards him with each thrust. Knowing she wanted it he pulled out and slammed his now wet cock into her ass. "YES!" She cried out, so he began fucking her ass even harder until he couldn't help but blow his load inside her. As he pulled out he was mesmerized by his cum leaking out her ass and down her leg. Jameson tried to piece together what the last half hour meant and couldn't come up with anything. Where did she come from? He wondered. 

His knees began to shake so he laid back on the hood next to her and turned towards her. But she was gone and instead there was just piece of paper anchored there by a small rock. Snatching up the note he stared in disbelief at the two words, See you. On the other side of the paper was a pentagram with an address. 

(To be continued)