 Chapter 2: Haunting Past and Cold Determination...

 In the past... "Father I love you!"

Devon chuckled softly as his lovely young sixteen year old daughter threw her arms around his neck, holding him tightly such lovely amber colored eyes alive with joy and Devon stroked his hand through her silvery colored hair. Such silky softness and a rare color, it was as if he had helped give birth to a angel in human form and his heart throbbed with such admiration for the beautiful woman he knew his daughter would grow up to be. "I love you too Serah, very much my dear daughter..."

"And I love you both very much..." Devon looked to the beautiful woman in the lovely white dress walking slowly towards him, bright shimmering blue eyes filled with such loving compassion. She softly stroked some of her long golden brown hair from her face as the wind whipped it around slightly, her body the very image of a goddess and Devon admired how beautiful his wife was as she sat next to him.

"Hello Adria my beloved." Devon smiled softly as he reached out drawing his wife into his embrace with his daughter, both of the girls giggling as the man they loved so dearly held them close. The sunlight bathed them in it's glory warming them all even as they embraced one another lovingly, his heart filled with such deep warmth and the emblem of his Holy Order devotion the cross of silver sat gleaming on the necklace around his neck. Yes, as a Holy Order Knight he would protect them, protect the happiness they shared always.... 

Devon the Divine Holy Order Knight stood over the lesser succubus corpse, his eyes still colder than ice as his burning enchanted blade easily cleaned itself of the demonic blood upon it's blade with a sizzling sound. She was still smiling at him he noticed as he looked at the head now separated from its body and his lips slipped into a slight frown, the only emotion showing upon his nearly emotionless face. As he sheathed his sword, Devon kneeled softly before the body of the fallen lesser succubus and raised his gauntlet covered right hand to his forehead softly a whispered prayer coming from his lips...

 "Oh my, I did not expect you would kill your own daughter like that... You are truly dedicated to your Order...." 

"Silence demon... that was not my true daughter..." Devon stood as the ghostly image of a powerful being floated before him like some demonic goddess her eyes sparkling brightly like rubies and her long tail whipped back and forth slowly. But the tail was not simply part of her body, that emerald scaled sinewy length made up where her legs should have been ending as it reached a silken smooth nearly see through fabric twisted around her waist to make a small skirt then flowing up her body crossing over her breasts, but the shear material tight up the rather large orbs, with nipples easily visible and hard poking against the fabric. Archaic runes covered her bodies pale almost light blue skin flowing up to crown upon her forehead where her ruby colored eyes looked upon Devon with lustful desire, hands brushing some of her forest green hair from her face . She slithered up closer to Devon but he stood his ground, that cold expression never leaving his face even as her image pressed its expansive bust against his body, no real physical contact but she still cooed softly as they passed into him slightly then she reached up with one hand as if she could really stroke his cheek.

 "My... you have such a cold expression... Are you not happy to see me again my love? Do you not remember the wonderful time we had together? I will never forget it... the feeling of such a powerful man making love to me so wildly and the heat of your powerful potent seed filling my ever fertile depths.... Mmmmmm you gave me so many wonderful children including the daughter you just killed, one of your flesh and mine..." 



"ENOUGH!"

Devon slammed his freshly unsheathed sword into the ground the holy light from it shattering the demonic aura image of the Echdina before him and his mouth formed a slight grimace as he spoke firmly. The air around him sizzled witht he heat of the holy magic flowing from his blade until every trace of demonic energy was expelled from the room and then he once again sheathed his sword slowly. As the blade slid back into his broad sheath, the light gleamed like fire in his eyes, like the fire from that time before, that terrible fire....

 In the past... "What in all the hells happened here!? Tell me now, damn you all!" Devon shouted as he watched the village, his home, the home of his family and friends burning like a funeral pyre before his stunned anger filled eyes. His wife and daughter were somewhere in the blaze and after spending months of fighting in Crusades for their safety and well being he was not about to let them die by flame. But then a hulking tall armored Divine Knight stood before Devon back handing him with an armored gauntlet nearly stunning the young Order knight.

"Silence boy! Demons raided this village and corrupted the purity of the people here with their vile disgusting ways... We have been given orders to purge it and all who reside in it with the purity of holy flames." The Divine Knight grabbed Devon restraining him even as he struggled to break free and run down the hill tears streaming from his face as the echoes of screaming came from the flaming nightmare that was the remains of his home. The armored gauntlet slammed into Devon's stomach again nearly making him retch up the contents of his stomach and cleanly knocking the wind from him as the Divine Knight forced him to watch the cleansing of his home town. "I know that this is your home, but blame the demons for the loss of those you held dear and your birth place, let it temper you into a more fitting holy warrior to save others from this nightmare...."

That blazing image burned deep into Devon's mind and soul as he let out a cry of grief more heart breaking than any those there had or would ever hear again... 

Devon clutched the silver cross against his softly gleaming Divine Knight armor, as his rage subsided and those clear blue eyes of his focused once again on the present. His stride as he walked out of the door of room and out into the open woods was harsh, armored boots clanking against the wood planks before he turned scanning his surroundings. She was near to him, if her children and her image could reach to this place, Devon knew that the wicked demon Echidna had to be nearby and there was a set of ancient caves he had heard of from reports in the area. The area was restricted though to any Holy Order members after an entire group of Knights was lost to those caves, never to been seen again, but Devon cared not as he turned heading that direction with a voice whispering in his ear softly...

 "Come home darling... Your beloved daughters and I are waiting to great you with open arms... We will never let you go again..." 