 So this is starting over. John thought as he looked around the nearly empty one bedroom apartment. He stood at the bar that separated the living room and the kitchen looking at the couch, the small entertainment center with the 19" tv and the DVD player. There was no end tables or coffee table, and no pictures hanging on the wall. 

He was starting over, and the life he had led before was one he wished to forget. Sure he loved his ex-wife and kids, but the drugs had ruined every ounce of that life. 

In the divorce settlement, he was not granted custody, which was no surprise to him, or any visitation what-so-ever. Which had seemed to just brightens the kids' day.

John walked around the bar and sat on the couch. He turned on the television and flipped through the stations as quickly as he could. He had no interest in watching anything at all, but he needed something to distract his mind.

Before he could flip through every channel, he gave up the fight with his self loathing and turned the television off. John stared at the blank screen trying to think of a time when he, Julia, Matt and Danielle had been a happy family, but all that came to mind was the drug induced hazy that he had lived in for the past three years.

In all truth, the drug induced hazy he was still living in.

His drug use had dwindled drastically, but it was still a major part of his life.

John leaned his head back and stared absently at the ceiling.

What the fuck are you doing John? He asked himself.

Fucking up your life. 

Was the answer he heard repeating in his head in the voice of Julia, what had once been the voice of reason in his life. 

He had had it all at one time in his life. A great job at one of the top banks in the state, a huge home with a large backyard for the kids, friends. But one night with the wrong crowd had started his downward spiral that he seemed to still be sliding down.

Tomorrow he would look for work, any kind of work he could find, no matter how meaningless. He needed a job, he had spent the last of the money he was left after the divorce to rent this small cramped apartment.

John sighed heavily before the darkness of sleep swept over him.

John awoke with a start. He was still in the same position he had fallen asleep in, and his neck was stiff. He leaned his head forward and rubbed his neck. The apartment was eerily silent, and dark. John didn't know what time he had fallen asleep, but it was early. He remembered flipping through more then one talk show, so it had to be before or a little after noon.

The only light in the apartment was from the street light shining in through the window.

John looked to the television and saw himself reflected, but there was something else in the reflection of the television. In the television, he could see a young boy, the boy looked no older then 5 or 6, dressed in a tattered white T-shirt, spotted with yellow stains. There was also darker stains around the collar. The boy had long blond hair that looked like it had been ages since it's last washing, and the boys skin was drawn tight around his cheeks and sunken around his eyes. John jumped off the couch and turned to the couch. He was alone in the apartment. John closed his eyes and shook his head. When he opened his eyes again, the couch was still empty, but a shape at the window caught his eye. 

It was the boy.

John looked to the window to see the boy standing at the left edge of the window. The boy quickly turned and walked away.

John quickly made his way around the couch and shot across the living room to the front door. He knew the boy couldn't have gotten far, but he had gotten far enough away from the door that it wouldn't hit him.

He opened the door and looked down the balcony that ran the length of the apartment complex. The balcony was empty.

The only place the boy could've gone was down the stairs, so John ran to the stairs three doors down from him.

When he reached the stairs, he quickly turned only to take a step back, nearly throwing himself over the railing. Coming at him was a woman, he hadn't expected anyone to be coming up the stairs this late, or was it late, he didn't even know what time it was.

"You scared the shit out of me," the woman laughed.

"Sorry," John laughed back. He hadn't really looked at the woman yet, until now.

What he saw made him completely forget about the boy. This woman was breathtaking. She had long straight blondish-brown hair, and light blue eyes that seemed to glow in the darkness around them. She was wearing tight blue jeans, and a white button up shirt. The top two buttons of the shirt were undone, revealing the cleavage of the largest breast he had ever seen in his life. He had no idea who this woman was, but the sex crazed head between his legs told him he was going to know this woman inside and out.

John realized that neither had said a word to each other, and that he was staring. He smiled at her again and held his hand out to her.

"Sorry," he said. "I'm John Reynolds."

She took his hand. "Lorna Estees," She said smiling.

John lost all train of thought.

"Umm," He started but couldn't think of anything else to say. "Do you know what time it is?" he finally said, and felt stupid immediately. Here he was talking to the most beautiful and most sexually alluring woman he had ever seen and all he could think of the say was ask the time.

"It's 2:30 in the morning."

"Shit," he said. He had been asleep for over twelve hours.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was so late," he said. "I'm sorry, you must've been on your way to bed."

"No," she said. "I keep late hours."

"Oh," he said. "Well, I'll let you go. Besides, I have to get to bed."

That was far from the truth, he was far from tired. He just felt like an idiot, and couldn't come up with anything close to a pleasant conversation. All he could think about was the cleavage and what was under the shirt. He had to escape with what little dignity he had left.

"Okay," she said.

John nodded and turned away from Lorna. Halfway to his door, he was stopped by her voice.

"It was nice meeting you John," she called after him.

John stopped and turned to her. "It was nice meeting you too," he said with a smile.

"Maybe we could meet again when we can talk a little longer."

John smiled at her again. "That would be nice."

"How about tomorrow night about ten?"

Was she asking him out? He had no idea, but he knew he should jump on this right now.

"Sounds good," he said.

"Which one's yours?" she asked.

"207." he answered. His heart racing.

Lorna nodded and lifted a hand in a wave. "See you tomorrow then."

John nodded before turning shyly away from her. He reached his apartment and stepped in. Once the door was safely shut behind him, John did the one dumb thing all men do when he thinks no one is watching.

He did a ten second victory dance.

John had gone straight to the bedroom and laid down after meeting Lorna, but his long afternoon nap kept sleep from coming. He lay in his bed tossing and turning, closing his eyes, hoping sleep would come if he forced it, but nothing came of it.

There was nothing for him to do in hid new apartment. No one for him to call. There was nothing he could do to make himself tired, except what he was doing, and that was far from working.

John rolled over onto his belly and reached for the digital alarm clock on the floor. He lifted it and looked at the red glowing numbers.

3:15.

He had only been laying here for forty five minutes. Time was dragging and his eyes were starting to get heavy, but every time he closed them, he felt restless.

"Damn it," he said to the empty room. He wished he had something, anything, to keep himself busy, and make him tired.

John dropped the alarm clock on the floor and climbed out of bed. He walked straight to the living room, laid on the couch, and turned on the television. He flipped through the channels, finding something that caught his interest every once in awhile, but not really stopping to watch anything. His main concern was falling asleep. He needed money and the only way to get that was to find a job, which was his plan for the day. But he couldn't get any sleep tonight, he might just sleep through the day and then what?

He was fucked, that's what.

John lay there on the couch flipping through channels for hours. Once the sun began shining through the large living room window, he started to feel drag of sleepiness.

He held the remote loosely in his hand, pointing it at the television, preparing to change the channel yet again. His sleep heavy eyes rolled lazily toward the window. He saw the light of day coming and had time for one short thought.

So much for the job hunt today.

Sleep kept his mind from expanding on the thought.

John woke up shortly after the sun set. He set up on the couch, feeling more rested then he had ever felt in his life. Sure the day was gone, and with it any chance of finding a job, but God he felt so good at the moment.

He stood up and went straight to the bathroom. He took a quick shower and tried to occupy himself in the empty apartment, but there was nothing for him to do, and nothing interesting on the television. So, he did the only thing he could think of to pass the time, he went for a walk.

Brooks Point was a small town, John doubted there were more then 600 people living in the entire community. Uptown Brooks Point was populated with empty brick buildings, but there was a pizza place, a liquor store, a post office, a small grocery store, and a gas station. At nine o'clock in the evening, the pizza place and grocery store were closing for the night. The only places open were the liquor store and the gas station.

John didn't feel like drinking, so he found himself walking through the front door of the gas station. He bought a bottle of water, and a pack of cigarettes, then as a last thought as for an application. The stop took all of a minute from the night.

He soon found himself walking down the main street smoking a cigarette and taking long drinks from the water bottle. Three blocks from the gas station, he came upon a park.

John walked across the grass to a pavilion. He sat at one of the four picnic tables under the pavilion and sat enjoying the night air.

Shortly after ten, John was climbing the stairs to the second floor of the apartment building. When he reached the landing at the top of the stairs, he turned towards his apartment to see Lorna standing at his door holding a large baking pan covered with aluminum foil. John stopped, he hadn't forgotten about Lorna, but he didn't actually think she would show up. Now he felt like a real shit.

Lorna smiled at him. "I was starting to wonder if you were going to show up."

"Shit," John whispered. "Sorry, I didn't think you were actually going to show up."

"Why wouldn't I?" she asked.

John couldn't answer that. At least not in a way that didn't sound corny. He just couldn't believe that a woman as beautiful as her would want anything to do with him. He felt and had proven to himself that he was a loser, and that's what he felt like.

"Not to sound like a bitch," she said still smiling. "But this is heavy."

"Oh," John said finally walking towards her and his apartment, digging the keys from his pocket as he closed in on her and the door.

Lorna stepped aside to allow him to open the door. Once the door was open, he turned to her.

"Let me take that."

"Thank you," she said handing the pan over to him. She was right, it was heavy, and just a little warm. John didn't know why, but she stood there looking at him a moment. "Go ahead," he said.

Lorna stepped in and turned the light on, John followed her in and set the pan on the bar. Lorna stepped up to the bar next to John and started taking the foil off the pan. John turned to her, she wasn't paying any attention to him. He took a moment and breathed in heavily. He could smell her and it was intoxicating.

With the pan unwrapped, she turned to him and smiled. John took a glance at the pan to see a large roast, potatoes and carrots inside. It had been a long time since he had a meal like this.

"I hope you like roast," she said.

"Love it," he answered back.

They both filled a plate and went straight to the table. After eating in silence for what felt like forever, Lorna finally spoke up.

"So what brings you to Brooks Point?"

John finished the bite he was chewing before answering her.

"Well," he started. "I'm actually starting my life over."

"Really," she said.

"Yeah, well, I just went through a bad divorce and lost everything," he said. He didn't go into all the details, but it was a relief to actually talk about his situation. He and his family hadn't lived too far from here, but he knew no one here and maybe talking to some one, even if it was this sexy stranger, was just what he needed. "So, here I am trying to better myself and make a new beginning."

Lorna gave a short laugh.

"What?" he asked.

"Nothing," she said. "Well, it's just that I'm doing the same thing. Well, not exactly, but I'm here to make a new start for myself."

John smiled. "Birds of a feather," he said.

"Right," she answered back.

John took another bite of his roast. "Not to be nosey," he said after swallowing the bite. "But, why were you out so late last night?"

Lorna smiled again. "I'm a bit of a night owl."

"That's funny," John said. "Because yesterday I slept all day and was up all night."

"It's the transition," Lorna said.

John sat quietly for a moment. He had no idea what the hell she was talking about. What transition? "Transition?" he finally said.

"Yeah," she said. "I mean you just came from a marriage and a stable environment, and now you don't have that. You just need to get used to this new life style."

She was right. He was a new man now and that's a big transition from being married with children. John nodded and took another bite. The two finished their meal with small talk between bites of the roast and potatoes.

After they had finished their meal, John lit his ritual after dinner cigarette. He didn't think anything about Lorna as he lit it, it was just habit. He was about to put it out, but Lorna didn't say anything about it, so he kept smoking.

As he smoked, Lorna stood and carried their plates to the sink. She then returned to the table and put the foil back over the top of the pan. With that done, she put the pan in the fridge and went straight to the sink and began running dish water.

"Here," John said putting out his half smoked cigarette and standing. He crossed to the sink next to Lorna. "I'll wash, you rinse."

Lorna smiled at him.

There was only two plates, two forks, and two glasses, dishes would take all of two minutes. John washed the first glass and handed it to Lorna. She turned on the water and used the sprayer to rinse the glass out. As she sprayed the glass, a few drops splashed John. 

"Sorry," Lorna laughed.

"It's okay," John said. "Just be a little more careful."

"So I don't do this?" she said spraying John in the face, soaking him from nose to chin. John stood there a moment smiling a lipless smile.

"Yeah," he finally said and reached for the sprayer. "Give me that."

John grabbed Lorna's wrist playfully and Lorna put the sprayer behind her back. John was now nose to nose with her. He felt his heart race, and the beginning of an erection.

"Now I've got you right where I want you," she said before she leaned in and gave him a passionate kiss.

Her lips were soft and warm, and her free hand felt good as she placed it on his lower back. John closed his eyes and let her kiss him before his conscience spoke up.

"Wait," he said pulling back from her. "Don't take this the wrong way, but should we really be doing this?"

"Why not?" she asked leaning in to kiss him again. John pulled back further.

"Well, we just met. You really don't know me."

"I am a grown woman," she said smiling. "And quite capable of making my own decisions."

Lorna leaned in to kiss him again. John didn't pull away from her this time. As she kissed him, Lorna let go of the sprayer, letting dangle over the edge of the sink, and wrapped her arms around John's neck. John followed her lead and wrapped his arms around her waist.

In a matter of seconds, Lorna jumped up and wrapped her legs around John. John placed his hands under her rear to support her. Lorna pulled away from him and quickly pulled his shirt over his head. Once his shirt was off, Lorna planted a short kiss on his lips before putting her lips against his ear.

"Take me to your bedroom," she whispered.

John didn't have to be told twice. He turned and carried her to the bedroom. With every step he took, Lorna planted light kisses on his chest and shoulders and neck. When they reached the bed, John gently set her on the foot of the bed. Lorna let go of John and backed up until she was against the head board. She then took her own shirt off. She wasn't wearing a bra and John could do nothing but stare at her breast.

John crawled onto the bed and crawled until he was over her. He kissed her again. As he kissed her, his hands were busy unbuttoning her pants. With her pants unbuttoned, he pulled away from her and slowly slid her pants off. 

Lorna now sat completely nude and breath-taking. She was chewing on her bottom lip and her legs were bent at the knee. John could only stare at her, his body felt paralyzed. The paralysis broke and he leaned forward, planting kisses on her knee, then moving slowly toward her inner thigh. Lorna closed her eyes and moaned as John slowly made his way to her crotch. When he reached her crotch, he slowly ran his tongue up both sides of her vagina. He felt her move with him every time his lips touched her skin.

After feeling like he had tortured her enough, John ran his tongue the full length of her moist vagina. Lorna took a loud breath and arched her back. He let his tongue explore her for a moment before finding the soft smooth skin of her clitoris. As he sucked it into his mouth, she inhaled deeply, making a hissing noise.

As John sucked her in and out of his mouth, he unbuttoned his own pants and began sliding them off. When he felt his pants bundled up at his feet, he kicked them onto the floor. The sound of the loose change in the pocket rattled as they hit the floor, but John was so engrossed in the matter at hand, he didn't notice.

It wasn't long before Lorna was moving her hips up and down in sync with the work he was doing with his mouth. Her moans filled the room, and her legs would squeeze his head when he would let her clitoris slid from his mouth and run his tongue the length of her.

Once his lips started to numb, he felt something soft and round touching the tip of his penis. It began to slowly slide down his shaft and he suddenly realized what it was. It was her toe. As her toe moved further down, he felt the ball of her foot against him. This new sensation excited him to no end. Soon the soft skin of the arch of her foot was quickly moving up and down his penis, then joined by the other foot.

John and his ex-wife had never done things like this, hell, he was lucky if she let him take her doggy-style. She was strictly a missionary girl, and no oral sex what-so-ever. And now here he was doing something new, and he loved it.

He soon found himself moving his hips with her foot. He felt ridiculous, but Lorna kept going, and kept moaning, so he didn't stop until he felt himself orgasm. He knew that he had exploded everywhere, even on her foot.

John took a moment and lifted his head enough to look over her stomach and breast to her face. She had her eyes closed and was still chewing on her bottom lip. If she had noticed the warm sticky stuff on her foot, she either didn't care or that's what she wanted.
