 The Right Reverend Jimmy John Tanger smiled as he rolled down the passenger side window of his Escalade, and his eyes twinkled beneath the dark shades he wore in even the blackest of nights.

The whore walked over to his car and leaned over to peer in. She was everything he had ever dreamed of and more. Her long, silky scarlet hair spilled over her breasts, but did nothing to diminish his view of those magnificent globes as they struggled to be free of the skimpy auburn leather halter-top that barely contained them. Her eyes were deep dark pools that beckoned a man's soul to be lost within him.

"You lookin' for a date?" she asked him.

"How much?" he asked, cutting directly to the chase.

"Two hundred an hour," she said. "Two grand for the night. But I tell you what, big spender. Times bein' hard and all, one grand for you. And you can do anything you want. Anything. You ain't seen nothing like me. I can do things you never even imagined were possible."

"You sound like my kind of girl," Jimmy John said. "Hop in."

"Show me the money," she said.

Jimmy John showed her.

Danya hopped in.

"My place or yours?" she asked him.

"Oh, definitely my place," Jimmy John told her. "I've got equipment there you wouldn't believe.

Danya looked over at the bed, at the wrist bracelets, ankle bracelets, ropes and pulleys. Not to mention the wheel-like rack over in the corner of the room or the bed of nails by the window.

"Very impressive. Is all this for you or me?" she asked.

"Oh for you, most definitely," the Right Reverend Jimmy John Tanger replied, with a slight chuckle. "Most definitely for you, cher."

"This is gonna cost you a little extra," Danya replied. "Three thousand for the night. Plus I have to warn you. There is a GPS tracker in my purse. And my pimp is a very big and very violent man."

"Whatever you say, darlin"" Jimmy John said. "Whatever you say."

"So show me the money."

Jimmy John pulled out an even bigger wad and showed her the fruits of his parishioners' devotion. "But you have to do everything I tell you to do. Every last thing."

Danya took the wad of bills and dropped it into her purse right next to the first wad.

"Now, I want you stand at attention and don't move."

Danya stood perfectly upright, jutting out her genetically-enhanced breasts and flexing her well-practiced ass muscles.

Jimmy John picked up a riding crop from the desk and began to walk around Danya, tracing the crop over her ass, her firm exposed belly, the cleavage between her large breasts that were bulging out of their auburn leather prison, then up and around her neck and over her face and eyes, stopping when he reached the back of her head.

He unhooked the leather halter, which fell to the ground, freeing Danya's magnificent orbs. Despite herself, Danya's nipples became erect as she thrilled to his complete command of her body.

He pressed his already swollen cock against her leather-clad buttocks as he reached around to caress the sides of her breasts. He found her earlobe beneath her silky red hair and began to lick it as he moved his fingers down to her hard nipples and began to circle them. He moved her hair to the side and ran his tongue down the nape of her neck. He grabbed both breasts with his meaty hands and began to squeeze them as he pressed his swollen cock more firmly against the leather-clad crack of her ass and began to slide it up and down her crack while he squeezed and kneaded her breasts and licked his way down her naked spine.

He reached around to undo her belt, then walked in front of her. "Now strip," he commanded.

Danya kicked off her shoes and peeled the leather trousers from her legs. She then resumed her position of standing at attention, her completely exposed naked body displayed for her master.

Jimmy John Tanger moved closer to her, pressing her nude body against his still suit-clad body. His tongue licked her eyes as he placed his hand on the back of her head and drew her closer to him. She could feel his swollen cock pressing against her now naked mound.

Tanger ran his right hand down her naked belly, coming to rest on her mound. He then rammed two fingers hard up her cunt. Danya gasped involuntarily as the violence of his thrust, but soon her well-practiced cunt relaxed, then closed tightly again around Jimmy John's fingers as they began a pumping motion inside her cunt. She squeezed and released her muscles in time with Jimmy John's thrusts, feeling the excitement of his total domination of her. She felt the pleasure mount as she rode his poking digits, rising to the crescendo of organism before Jimmy John abruptly withdrew his finger from her hot and willing cunt.

"So you like that, do you whore?" Jimmy John said. "Not so fast. You will have to earn your release."

"Take me out," he commanded her.

Danya lowered her hand to his package and felt the spot on his trousers that was already damp with his precum.

She unzipped Jimmy John's suit trousers and pushed them down his leg. She gently cupped his balls with her left hand as her right hand closed around Jimmy John's throbbing and unexpectedly impressive cock. She squeezed his cock more tightly and pumped it slowly, squeezing his balls harder and harder with each thrust.

"Not so fast little lady!" Jimmy John said. "Take me in your mouth.

Danya lowered herself to her knees before Jimmy John and plunged his cock into her mouth. She bobbed on it hard, swallowing all nine inches of his steel-hard rod. She did not even gag as it passed her well-practiced throat. She clenched her mouth against it and slowly withdrew so that its tip fell under the domain of her talented lips. She sucked the hood, running her tongue along its edges, stopping to torture the vee of the underside, before once again plunging it hard down her throat, while her tongue licked it and she squeezed and released his balls in time with her movements.

"My, my, my, little girl" Jimmy John said. "You sure do know your work. But the first time I shoot, it's gonna be up that tight little cooz of yours."

"Now strip me," he commanded.

Danya did as she was told.

"Now lie down on that bed," Jimmy John said.

Danya breathed a sigh of relief. It could have been much worse. It could have been the rack, for instance. Or the bend of nails.

Danya lay down on the bed face up, and let Jimmy John put the leather shackles on her wrists and ankles. He then retrieved a clicker-like device from the top of the dresser and pushed one of its buttons. She could hear some gears moving below the bed and the ropes holding her arms and legs began to tighten. Soon she was spread-eagled, pulled tightly into a human "X," with her arms and legs tightly extended, her joints stretched to the limit.

"You have been a good little whore, so I am going to give you the treatment you crave with that dirty little mind of yours," Jimmy John said.

He crawled on the bed and placed his mouth on Danya's cunt. His tongue ran down her crack, then flicked inside and licked the lining of her cunt before lapping its way up to her clit. Jimmy John began to circle her bud with his tongue, and Danya cried out in a moan of pleasure. He rammed two fingers into her cunt and entered her crack with his other hand, pressing it against her anus. He shoved one finger up her cornhole, while pumping her cunt with his other hand and lapping her clit like a vulture.

Danya screamed out in pleasure as she came violently, her hopelessly stretched legs trembling in the throes of orgasm.

"So you liked that, did you bitch?" Jimmy John said. "Well, you really going to like what comes next. For a while."

He pressed a button on the clicker and the gears started up again. Danya felt her limbs being stretched even more tightly, threatening to be popped right out of their sockets.

Jimmy John licked his way up Dayna's tummy, running his tongue in and out of her bellybutton, then worked his way up her naked torso. His lips found the hardened nipple of her right breast, which he teased with his tongue and nipped with his teeth as Danya cried out in both pleasure and pain. He gave the same treatment to her other breast before climbing up her naked body and thrusting his nine-inch rod deeply up her cunt. He began to fuck her in earnest then, shoving his rock-hard cock violently in and out of her cunt, as his tongue thrust against hers, violating her mouth as much as his cock was violating her nether passage.

Danya cried out in both pleasure and pain as wave after wave of orgasm convulsed her body.

Jimmy John was getting close. He wanted to shoot his seed inside this whore at the very instant the machine pulled her arms and legs clean off her body, leaving her a hopelessly defiled corpse the second he came inside her. Only then would he know the true secret of death. He pressed the clicker once again.

Dayna could feel him getting close. She moved her tongue to his ear as the machine started up once again and her limbs were pulled tighter and tighter. She turned her head as her limbs threatened to snap and inserted her tongue as far as it could go in Jimmy John's ear.

Which was pretty far. Her tongue pierced Jimmy John's eardrum and snaked its way into Jimmy John's predictably undersized brain.

Then she sucked Jimmy John's brain right out of his skull as if it were so much pea soup.

She felt Jimmy John shoot his wad violently up her cunt as his hand slipped off the clicker.

Danya smiled. She hoped it was all that Jimmy John was looking for. Another night, another deeply satisfied client.

Sheriff Buford T. Crawdaddy squinted as he bent over the mutilated corpse of the Reverend Jimmy John Tanger, despite the fact that he was sporting mirror sunglasses with the highest available UV rating and he was indoors. He thought about spitting his chaw into the vacated torso of the Right Reverend, but then he remembered that Special Agent Tim Young of the FBI was standing right behind him. He spit into the paper cup instead. It wouldn't do for the feebs to think that the tsar of law enforcement in all of Hootchikooche Parish was nothing more than another dumb paczki-eatin' cracker pretending to do a real job, even if he was just that. Buford was coming up for reelection next year, so he had to play this one just right.

He rotated his thick red bull neck so that his squinting eyes were pointing at Special Agent Young., not that Young could see them through Crawdaddy's mirror shades. "You say you seen somethin' like this here before?"

Special Agent Young stepped over the yellow crime scene and crouched down next to Crawdaddy. "Yep," he replied.

"What do you think could do somethin' like that? Mebbe some kinna' gator?"

"I seriously considered that," Young replied, "but on closer analysis, somebody would likely have noticed a nine-foot alligator hitching a ride to the fourth floor of a condominium complex in an elevator."

"Yep, I expect yer raight," Buford replied, spitting another wad of tobacco into the paper cup. He turned to look out at the morning light dancing on the glistening waters of Pogo Lake, when another "idea" dawned upon him.

"Well, the way this feller's brain was removed raight outta his skull and all his guts were ripped raight outta his body, mebbe it was one them UFO fellers what's been mutilating the cattle hereabouts lately."

"Look at the restraints," Special Agent Young told the cracker lawman, whose doughnut-enhanced gut seemed ready to break out of those khaki pants at any moment. "Whoever broke out of those restraints must have had superhuman strength. The ankle and wrist bracelets are snapped in half, one of the gears is completely busted, and there are no burn marks on the dearly departed Reverend's wrists. It's not likely that ET is going to tie up himself for genetic testing, is it?"

"No, ah reckon not," Buford admitted sadly. "So you got any idea what could do something like this?"

Special Agent Young smiled. "If I told you, I would have to kill you," he said. And he would too. The Pentagon did not cotton to rumors regarding rogue genetically-enhanced soldiers embarking on killing sprees getting aired in a public forum.

"In view of the fact that the Reverend fired his weapon," Special Agent Young added, pointing to the dried cum on what little was left of Jimmy John's tummy, which sparkled almost as much as the waters of Pogo Lake in the oblique morning light, "I think we may need to check out the local bondage scene."

"Ah reckon yer raight," Sheriff Crawdaddy said, happy to be of some use in this investigation. "Ah reckon yer raight."

It was the fourth time the Lincoln had circled the block. Danya tried to make eye contact with the driver through the tinted windows on the luxury car, but it was not an easy task. The car passed her again.

On the fifth orbit, the car slowed as it neared Danya, and Danya walked over to the window. The driver rolled the window down, and Danya was surprised to find a woman at the helm. This could be real trouble.

The woman looked at Danya nervously. She must have been in her late forties or early fifties, but her appearance was very well maintained, with frosted blond hair and a firm body, no doubt earned through many hours of exercise at the spa.

"Hi," she said in a tremulous voice. "I was wondering if you do women."

Danya leaned over the car window to reply and to give the woman a better view of her ample boobs. "Sure, honey," she said. "If you've got the money, I've got the time."

She showed her the money, and Danya climbed in beside her.

Special Agent Young was cruising the night, looking for a prostitute that might be the killer. He was concentrating on redheads, based on the crime scene evidence, especially those with long silky hair. In the rearview mirror, he saw one such person of interest get into a Lincoln. But there was even a better candidate one block ahead of him.

He let the Lincoln go.

The woman, whose name was Sharon, didn't talk much on the way to the motel. Once they got inside the room, Danya placed Sharon on the foot of the bed. Tears were streaming from her eyes, and she said, "It has been so long since someone has touched me. My husband is emotionally dead. I have nothing left."

"Shh," said Danya, gently stroking Sharon's faux blond hair. "Shh, Mommy's gonna make it all better."

Sharon managed a half smile, then rested her head on Danya's shoulder while Danya continued to stroke her hair. The fingers of her left hand found the buttons on Sharon's blouse and began undoing them. Soon the blouse was off, and Danya undid the hook of her bra, which she let fall on the floor. Danya reached across Sharon to caress her right breast, squeezing it and tracing her fingers around Sharon's nipple, which soon became erect.

She undid Sharon's belt and began unbuttoning her pants. "Stand," she told her, and she pulled Sharon's pants to the floor. She finished stripping Sharon and then knelt before her, her arms wrapped around Sharon's now naked legs. She began licking and kissing her way up Sharon's thighs, stopping when she reached her cunt, which she began to probe and lick with her tongue, grasping Sharon's ass cheeks with both hands as she pulled her mound more tightly against her eager mouth. Her hands found Sharon's crack, and she stroked Sharon's cornhole as she began to eat her clit with complete abandon.

She then stood, presenting her taut body to Sharon. "Now you have to strip me," she said.

"I have never done this with a woman," Sharon whispered, as she reached around to unhook Danya's halter.

"I know," Danya said, kissing the top of her head.

Sharon sucked each of Danya's boobs, tugging on the nipples and sending intense waves of pleasure up and down Danya's body. She then bent to tug Danya's leather pants down to her ankles. Danya stepped out of them, and Sharon pulled off Danya's panties as well. Soon her mouth found Danya's mound, and she began lick Danya's cunt and clit with a hunger born of many years.

Danya felt her legs shake, as Sharon continued to fuck her cunt with her mouth and tongue. She cried out in ecstasy, as she came in a wave of orgasm that flooded her entire body and soul. She held Sharon's head tightly against her crotch in the final throes, then stooped to kiss the top of her head.

"This party's for you, not for me," she said. "Come sit here next to me on the bed."

Sharon stood up and sat next to Danya. Danya reached out to run her fingers through Sharon's well-coiffed hair. She reached over to brush away the tear that was streaming down Sharon's cheek.

"Shh, Mommy's here," she whispered, as she drew Sharon close to her and kissed the side of her head. "Just lie back and let me do all the work."

She gently lowered Sharon's nude body onto the bed and climbed on top of her. Her naked body was tightly pressed against Sharon's, her breasts covering Sharon's breasts, her mound resting against Sharon's mound. Danya began to kiss her forehead and her eyes. She kissed her way down to Sharon's mouth, which opened to receive Danya's tongue. Danya ran her genetically enhanced tongue along the inner linings of Sharon's cheeks, along the ridges of her teeth, then thrust it hard and rapidly over Sharon's own tongue, giving her a preview of the treats in store for her.

She then licked her way down Sharon's neck and down to her magnificent surgically-maintained boobs. She closed her teeth on Sharon's right nipple, which she teased with her tongue as she pulled Sharon's breast up and down and sideways. Sharon cried out in both pleasure and pain. She reached up to Dayna's shoulder, but Danya shook her away and began to give Sharon's left breast the same treatment. Sharon cried out again, and Dayna worked her breast like a great white shark.

Dayna finally released the nipple and began to kiss her way down Sharon's tummy, softly licking Sharon's clit once she had reached her mound. She took that little bud in her mouth and gave it the same treatment as Sharon's breasts. Sharon moaned out in pain and pleasure as she reached down with both hands to stroke Dayna's silky scarlet hair and to press her head more firmly against her mound.

Danya moved her head lower until her mouth was French-kissing Sharon's gash. She extended her tongue to its maximum length, which was well into Sharon's womb. Sharon let our a little gasp of surprise, but continued to press Danya's head tightly against her mound.

Danya thickened her tongue and formed it into a corkscrew shape and began to move it slowly in and out of Sharon's cunt. She put her arms under Sharon's legs, which she placed on her shoulders so that she could slide her head up and down Sharon's wet slit as she continued to lap Sharon's cunt like demon-possessed nun. Her face was soaking wet as she extended her second tongue into Sharon's ass. Sharon gasped in surprise as Danya's nether tongue snaked its way up into her asshole. She reached down to stroke Danya's hair as Danya thickened the tongue in Sharon's ass and continued to pump the first tongue in and out of Sharon's cunt at a furious pace.

The walls of Sharon's cunt began to contract as she grasped Danya's head even more tightly. Her body convulsed as she came in a torrent of fluids, which Danya lapped eagerly into her throat.

They lay that way for a few minutes, basking in the afterglow.

Then Danya heard Sharon crying. Danya climbed onto her body and lay down on top of her, stroking her hair. "Shh, everything's going to be all right," she lied as she whispered in her ear.

Sharon's emptiness was palpable. Danya didn't want to do this, but the Hunger was growing stronger and stronger, and she could no longer control it. She lowered her lips to Sharon's earlobe, then flicked out her tongue and drank Sharon's brain.

This tortured woman would now be at peace.

