 Hope's heart raced as fast as her feet were running, each breath a ragged gasp. She knew she shouldn't, but she risked a look over her shoulder. All was still behind her so far; no one had noticed her escape. Her thin dress, definitely not made for running, was clinging to her curvy frame, damp with sweat. Her long auburn hair cascaded down her back, the waves in her hair bouncing with the motion of her movement. 

A light went on behind her. Shit.

Someone had noticed she was gone. 

The moon above her shone brightly, more than enough light to guide her way. Hope held her side, a stitch forming there. The pain made it hard to breathe, but she ignored it. She just had to make it past the forest; after that, she would be free. 

Rapid footsteps sounded behind her. Fear made her heart beat even faster; he was catching up. Don't look back, she reminded herself. Failing, her head turned. He was close enough she could see his eyes shining brightly in the moonlight. 

Stifling a terrified scream, Hope kept running. But she was tiring; he was catching up with every step. 

WIth a powerful inhuman leap, he closed the distance and shoved he forward. Hope landed hard on the ground, all the breath knocked out of her. A whimper escaped her lips. 

"You thought you could run," he hissed, the sound low and angry. Hope quivered in fear.

"Please," she told him. "Let me go! I won't tell anyone!"

He laughed, the sound cold and hard.

"You think I'll just let my pets leave as they like?" He flipped her over easily, straddling her and pinning her down with his weight. His green eyes flashed. Hope purposely looked away. Don't look at him, don't look at him...

His curly black hair shimmered almost silver in the moonlight, his smile bright. 

"Look at me," he commanded Hope, grabbing her chin surprisingly gently. She tried to shake her head, to pull away, but he held her still.

"Look into my eyes," he coaxed, his voice filled with honey and poison. Hope couldn't resist him anymore; she looked into his emerald green eyes. They sparkled like dew on green grass, they drew her in like a spell. And then Hope couldn't remember why she was running at all. WHy would she ever leave her Master, who took care of her, who pleased her, who she loved to please. 

"There's a good girl," Master cooed, lightly caressing her cheek Hope let out a soft sigh at the touch. Her Master smiled. He ground his hips hard into her, his large cock pressing against her through his jeans. 

"You were a bad girl for running away," he told her sternly. Hope shrank back, guild clawing at her belly. 

"I'm sorry," Hope whined. "I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you, Master."

"You bet you will," he groaned, rubbing his cock against her again. Hope felt her pussy start to get wet, the moisture mixing with her sweat. 

"Take that dress off," Master commanded. Instead of waiting for her to comply, he yanked the fabric roughly, tearing it off her form. Her breasts exposed, Hope could feel his manhood swell at the sight of her. The chilly night air made her nipples harden, her full breasts looking irresistible in the moonlight. Master twisted her nipples lightly, eliciting a moan from Hope. Quickly he removed his own clothes, his body chisled and hard. Muscles rippled under his skin. His cock was rock hard already, the chase exciting his lust. he stroked its ten inches, a small smear of pre cum on the end of it. 

"Open your mouth, pet," he cooed, which Hope did immediately. She loved having his cock in her mouth, feeling it filling her up. Greedily, she slurped and sucked on it, pulling it all the way down her throat before bobbing back and forth, coming off only for a moment to breath. 

Master groaned in satisfaction, his hips moving slowly in time with her mouth. Hope's fingers trailed down to her pussy, slowly making circles around her lttle clit. His hands reached around to the back of her head, gripping her hair tightly and forcing her head farther down his shaft. This only turned on Hope more. She loved when he used her like the dirty slut she was. 

"Enough," he said, shoving her off. "Your mouth feels so good, but I crave that pussy now." Wordlessly, Hope laid back on the ground, spreading her legs for him. Lining up his cock with the entrance to her pussy, he growled at her, "Tell me how much you want this, pet." By now, Hope was a dripping wet horny mess. 

"Please," the words tumbled out of her mouth. "Please Master, use my body, fuck me hard. I want to feel you inside of me so bad, feel you come inside of me, oh please..." her voice trailed off as he rammed is cock inside of her in one swift movement. 

"Oh god," Hope gasped, coming hard. Her pussy clenched around his cock, trying to milk it. Slowly she came down and Master began pumping in and out, rocking back and forth with his hips. Her pussy was so damn tight, it almost made him come right then. Fucking her with more force, he felt her getting wetter again. 

"You're such a dirty little whore," he whispered in her ear as she writhed under him, fucking him vigorously. She couldn't argue and didn't really want to. 

"Please," Hope begged as Master grabbed her pert breasts, rolling the nipples between his fingers. "Please, I need you to..."

"Need me to what?" Master asked, trailing kisses down her neck. "Need me to do this?" With a swift motion, his teeth extended and he bit her throat.

Both of them came hard, Hope's eyes rolling back in ecstasy. SHe quivered from the immense pleasure, her hips fucking him with all her might, ankles locked around his back. HEr pussy milked his cock as he pumped his load deep inside her, filling her with his sticky seed. He drank her blood, guzzling it, feeling it heighten their pleasure. He continued to drink and fuck her, his cock never going completely soft. Hope lay there like a rag doll, pleasure rolling through her like waves. Over and over she came, each orgasm drawing a cry of pleasure from her lips.

"Oh god, Master, please yes, you're going to make me...ahhhh, oh god, I'm coming again Master, you're making me come again! Oh god, oh god, it's so good, oh no, oh god again...OH fuck! I'm coming, I'm coming!"

Master fucked her harder, reaching a second climax. 

"Good girl," he grunted, his hips bucking in one last spasm as he spurted again, his seed spilling into her tight cunt again. It was so full of his come that it spilled out the sides, dripping down towards the crack of her ass. 

Master licked the wounds from his teeth, sealing them closed. Hope didn't move, exhausted. Master picked her up easily, leaving their clothes there on the ground. He carried her back to the house, the vampire licking blood from his lips. 

The night was still young. He would hunt more.