 Tom and Julie Finley, a recently wed couple, were just returning from their honeymoon getaway when unexpectedly their Fiat broke down and left them stranded on a country road in the middle of nowhere. Both being chartered accountants, they had little knowledge of a mechanic's work and felt at an utter loss. It was raining and starting to get dark and without a means of even determining their exact location, the couple went to seek shelter at an estate they spotted shortly before the breakdown. Tom knocked on the door and shortly after a young lady in a maid uniform greeted them.

"Good evening and welcome to Hotel Abìss, my name is Dalene . Are you intending to stay the night?"

"Well," Tom replied "We were hoping you'd be able to help us sort out a mechanic for our car, but having a break for the night probably wouldn't be a bad idea"

Julie Nodded.

"Excellent, I'm afraid however all our standard rooms are booked out. The only rooms we have remaining are full service. Is that all right with you?"

"Well, is there a big difference in price?" Julie asked.

Tom cut in: "I'm sure it's fine".

With a smirk the maid replied "None at all actually, if you have decided, please come with me."

On that note, she turned around and walked back through the big doors into the mansion. Tom and Julie followed shortly after.

Tom asked "Excuse me, but I have not seen any signs for this hotel, not even on the building. How do you normally find customers?"

"We have been around for a long time and most of our customers have been regulars for many years. We are very particular about whom we grant a stay in our establishment Mr Finley."

"Tom dear, you did not tell the lady our name have you?" Julie remarked in surprise.

Tom looked perplexed. The maid explained:

"We know more about you than you could imagine and much more is to be revealed. Let's get you comfortable, shall we."

Six hours later: Tom and Julie are in the great hall of the mansion, both restraint in most undignified positions. Tom was tied naked to a chair, facing Julie who was tied spread eagle to a large bed with poles on each corner and a mirror on top. Three maids, including the one who greeted them, were also on the bed and had spend over an hour stroking, oiling, rubbing, licking and feather dusting Julie into various states of orgasmic ecstasy, all the while verbally teasing Tom who was forced to watch it all.

Tom's struggling against his restraints made his efforts to hide his arousal only more futile, as it kept shifting the ivory phallus inside him, making him hornier by the minute. All around them, throughout the room, were other guests, suited and dressed. Many of them wore strange animal masks, drinking absinthe and generally having a good time. The couple's predicament appeared to be the centrepiece of the of this gathering and attendees played close attention to the developments, commenting and applauding vivaciously. The maid who welcomed the couple, Dalene , now moved her mouth to Julia's ear and whispered. Soon after a violent orgasm shook Julia's body as the maid looked into Tomas' eyes with a smirk. He feared something disquieting was about to happen.

Adjacent to the chair and the bed, a big curtain divided the hall from where the party occurred and another part that was yet to be revealed. In front of the curtain stood a wooden throne and on it sat a woman clad in a gown that appeared to be made of crow feathers.

"Kleffer!" she called out to what appeared to be a servant of hers kneeling besides the throne, and pointed to Tom. The servant promptly crawled over towards Tom who was now staring at him with trepidation. The servant wore a black leather mask, shaped like the head of a dog, tightly strapped to his skull. His hands and feet were tied and and padded as if to limit is movement to that of a four-legged animal. His body language and motion seemed more dog-like than human and when Tom looked in his eyes he saw that his expression was too.

When Kleffer reached Tom he started sniffing; first his feet, his leg, his groin. Tom shouted in his gag to which the puppyfied man simply looked at him wide-eyed and breathing heavy. He snuggled himself in between Tom's legs, lowered his head and took in Tom's throbbing manhood. The dog-like man eagerly licked, sucked and nuzzled Tom's member. His mouth was warm and seemed to produce unreasonable amounts of saliva, mixing with pre-cum, and running down Tom's balls, perineum and cumulating at his sphincter, still stuffed with the sizeable artificial cock. Tom started to arch and moan as his whole pelvic area was taken into sensation overload. He was certain it was affecting his vision as he thought he saw the fake tail of the man in front of him actually wiggling. Tom was getting close to climax and the dog-like man only grew in enthusiasm. Tom's whole body contracted, tightening his sphincter around the phallus, and then erupted, shooting an enormous load into the servants mouth. From there it spilled back over Tom's still twitching member and was promptly licked up again, resulting in further spasms. Normally, Tom would find his cock and himself falling asleep after climax, but the servant had other plans. Skilfully he licked and sucked the top of Tom's penis, slowly but surely bringing it back to life. As his exhausted member stood to attention ones more, he went for round two as Tom groaned in pleasure and humiliation.

When Julia heard her husband's desperate moans, her mind started racing. However, her body reacted by tingling and an increasing need to be touched, which the two maids straddling her legs happily catered to. The focus of her thoughts quickly shifted again as Dalene kept sliding her vulva over Julie's tongue. Kneeling on top of Julie's face she gave instructions and encouragements:

"You are getting quite good at this you know (gasp). If it was up to me I would keep you here for much longer (moan)".

Julia blushed. She could feel another orgasm building inside her.

"Let's make this interesting." Dalene proposed " You can can orgasm, once I orgasm. Sounds fair?" Julie looked up in shock at her cruel instructrice, but she and the other maids simply laughed and went to work.

Two tongues constantly teased Julie's sex, but never enough to push her over the edge. Her mind was torn, but soon she eagerly licked, kissed and worshipped the the moist lips in front of her, hoping thereby to end her suffering. Dalene ground her hips in pleasure.

"Yes, that's more like it, Ahhhhhh."

Julie took note and proceeded accordingly, spurred on by the burning in her own groin. The maid's moans and hip movements became more erratic, her moans sounding like chants in a foreign language. Her body stiffened and Julie was sure that her release was imminent. However, then the maid lifted herself off Julie, grabbed her own crotch, and within a few strokes she erupted in a quivering orgasm, releasing a scream and barrage of ejaculate that squirted into Julie's face. Julie was grasped by shock and a sense of awe. However, realising that she was still at peak frustration without release she broke into tears.

"Sorry darling, a deal is a deal." Dalene lay on top of Julie and wiped the tears and cum out of Julie's agonised face as the other maids crawled of the bed.

"Trust me, it's better this way. You're not ready yet."

All activity was interrupted as a loud clapping was heard through out the hall. The room gradually fell silent and a man in a white suite and a Venetian plague masked emerged. All attention shifted from the torment of the newly weds to to him instead. With joy and vigour he started his announcement, which was eerily amplified through his head piece.

"Thank you, everyone, for gathering here tonight, for it is tonight that two very special guests have blessed us with their presence. Tomas and Julia Finley, who just a few days ago made a bond of holy matrimony and are now here with us to sanctify their union."

Loud cheers echoed through the hall, while Tom and Julie slowly regained composure.

"As you have seen and heard, we have been getting to know them a little already." (laughter) "However, the night is just beginning and there are more trials ahead before we can truly call them united."

While the crowd nodded, leather clad Amazons untied the couple and lifted them to their feed.

"Well, there is no reason we can't have some fun in the process. Bring in in the stocks!"

Upon this command, a door opened and two men, in Greek comedy and tragedy masks respectively, rolled in two wooden contraptions. They were two large stocks holding hands and neck. The back of each was designed such that whoever was held in them would be leaning forward, sticking out their back side, and also allowing ankles to be secured in place and supports below the front torso.

Tom and Julie looked in horror as the enormous women that held them moved them towards the wooden holds. With some help of the guests, they were quickly secured in place.

"Now, ladies, gentlemen, and gentle-everyone-else, we will be playing a little game. In a marriage, there is nothing more important than trust" (hear hear) "and for there to be trust, there needs to be honesty. And for there to be honesty there needs to be open communication. For that reason we are going to play a little game."

On that cue, the stocks, holding Tom and Julie were moved so the two would face each other. Both looked at each other, for a moment, speechless, but soon opted to lower their gaze.

"We will take turns in asking questions to each partner about the other. Simple questions really that any partner should be able to answer about the other. If the answer is given is correct, then the round moves on and a question is given to the other partner. However, if the question is answered incorrectly ... punishment will be dealt."

Both Tom and Julie were visibly shaken by this arrangement. The presenter stepped close to their heads and added:

"Now, to put a little twist on things, we have decided that, rather than the punishment falling on the

one who answered incorrectly, it will be given to the one that the question was about. Understood?"

They both stared in horror and disbelieve, but in the absence of a way out, they nodded.

"Very good, so let the games begin!"

The first round of the game passed easily. Tom was asked for Julie's mother's name. Julie was asked Tom's favourite TV show. For six rounds no punishment was dealt and the both were able to look at each other with hope. However, the next question required Tom name "How many sexual partners did Julie have before you married".

Based on their conversations Tom knew of the two boyfriends Julie had before him and answered accordingly.

WHACK Out of sight of both of them, a large wooden paddle fell on Julie's behind. Julie yelped and convulsed in agony. The presenter explained with delight:

"I'm sorry, Tomas, but that was not correct. Surely in our modern age you can't have assumed that your partner's only intercourse was within commitment." (laughter)

As a shocked Tom tried to compose himself, a pain-stricken Julie looked away in shame.

"Next question."

A set of questions of increasing intimacy followed addressing the couple's sex life, past partners and embarrassing youthful experiences. A line of guests formed behind each set of stocks to administer punishment if needed. At each wrong answer a guest would swing the wooden paddle at the buttocks at the respective contestant and then pass it on to the next guest behind them. If no false answer was given, the paddle still had to be passed, leading guests to grab or fondle the exposed backsides of the couple instead before returning to the back of the line. Many hopeful false answers were give, revealing many hidden truths, and punishment always followed. Tom and Julie were pushed to the limits of their endurance, both mentally and physically, and the punishing toll did nothing to improve the accuracy of their answers.

"Julie, it is your turn. And what a question I have for you: How often in his life has Tom made use of a sex worker?"

Julie was beyond being shocked at this point, but she struggled with the question regardless. Tom had told her about the time his friends and him hired a stripper during a night out, so honestly she replied :

"Once."

WHACK The paddle hit hard on Tomas' behind and a long grunt escaped his clenched teeth. His leg started shaking. With glee the devious game host explained:

"I'm sorry Julie. This might have been true if we had merely counted physical services. As it happens, Tom has had a few encounters with professional working ladies over the internet. Naughty boy."

The audience chuckled and a guest behind Tomas pinched his reddened butt cheek as one would the cheek of a misbehaving child.

"I have to say you two, I'm not overly impressed by this performance. So maybe it's time to raise the stakes. From now on, for every false answer the number of strikes will be doubled."

The audience clapped as Tomas and Julie stared at each other in horror. In each other's eyes they could both see that one of their breaking points was about to be reached.

To the joy of the paddle holders, the qualities of the couple's answers to the often tricky questions did not improve and further strikes were issued, leaving both in a whimpering, fearful state. When asked if Tomas had ever sexually fantasised over a family member, Julie's modest response caused eight strikes to be unleashed on him. Violent shaking and loud grunting was exhibited by poor Tom but the crowd would not let up. Beaten and breathless he collapsed on the supports. Julie looked remorsefully at her broken and humiliated husband.

"I'm sorry." Julie whispered.

The strike counter reached 16 and it was once again Tomas' turn. Despite of his feeble state he was determined to prevent his betrothed one's turmoil if he could. However, the question that he would have to answer took him aback.

"We had a lot of fun tonight, but it is time we had a serious reflection. Tom, answer us this: How many abortions did Julie have in her life?"

This question cut Tomas to the core. Despite all that he heard already, all the secrets that had been made bare, this was one revelation he could not accept. Not from his good and virtuous wife. Indiscretions and experimentation maybe, but surely not this. Maybe it was a trick he tried to convince himself. He couldn't look at her.

"None."

"... I'm sorry Tom, that is not correct."

WHACK the paddle fell on Julie' aching cheeks and robbed her of her breath.

WhACK WHACK Over and over the blunt instrument sent waves of pain rippling through her body.

WHACK Julie was weeping. Tom finally looked at her and could tell that it was not just due to pain.

WHACK On every strike she screamed and descended into deeper sobbing. Tom's mind was racing. She clearly couldn't take it. Why wouldn't she beg them to stop?

WHaCK

WHACK Julie's breathing became increasingly erratic as her screams turned coarser. Yet no pleas.

WHACK Tom couldn't take any more.

WHACK "Stop it!" he shouted.

WHACK "Fucking Stop it!"

Tom started straining against the stocks, shaking with all his might to break free. Despite his weakened condition he made the large wooden device shake visibly.

WHACK "Damn it, Stop it! Please Stop!"

Silence. Suddenly every sound stopped. Not even a breath. Once again the two looked at each other. This time like never before. They each seemed to the other both more familiar and yet stranger. It felt as if they looked at each other for the first time after having spent a life-time together. For what what seemed like and endless moment they remained like this.

clap clap clap The hands of the presenter fell together. One by one the hands of other guests joined in and slowly applause started filling the hall. Cheering, whistling and sounds of joy surrounded the pair and continued as they were finally released from their bonds. Julie and Tom, devoid of all strength dropped to the floor, but were held by familiar hands; the maid and the dog-man respectively. The Dalene held Julie's head and gently wiped the tears of her eyes. She looked at her with appreciation and pride and at last Julie was relinquishing all fear. Kleffer licked and nuzzled Tomas' face. The part of Tomas's brain that would normally react with reprehension to this treatment was far from functional at this point and instead he was over come by a sense of deep comfort. For a while the two remained in this state, and then a third person kneeled down between them. It was the woman in the dress of crow feathers. She looked at the couple compassionately and then ceremonially bared her breasts, revealing her nipples dripping with lactation. The dog and the maid lifted the heads of the couple, one to each breast, and as if in trance, they eagerly drank.

The presenter quietly observed the scene. Then after a while he once again addressed the crowd.

"Ladies, Gentlemen, and everyone who has transcended the binary, you all have witnessed today what was without a doubt a remarkable human performance. Our contestants have proven themselves in every way. The Jury is in and their reward has been decided."

A long pause ensued as everyone anticipated the final judgement.

"Complete oblivion!"

Loud cheers echoed through the room, while Julie and Tomas, barely conscious, lay looking at each other, perceiving only a fog of the surrounding events. Every memory of theirs' was but a blur past this point.

What they could tell for sure was that the great curtain that divided the room was opened and that they were lifted up by large man-like beings. The beings seemed more like centaurs however, clacking their feet like hooves as they carried them past the curtain to the far end of the hall, towards a wide round hole in the floor. The crowd was following at a distance, chanting in a foreign tongue and through the hole something seemed to emerge. Neither Tomas nor Julie could distinguish dream from reality as they saw the long, limb-like appendages reaching out to them; curling and dancing like a rapidly growing plant. With each step towards the surreal apparition the couple's minds further descended into disarray. Time ceased to have meaning. Space ceased to exist. Contact was made. Something entered their bodies, wiggling through every opening. Then it entered their minds. It probed them and connected them. Suddenly they felt each others feelings, everything was laid bare before each other. In but an instant they felt every emotion the other ever felt. Then there no longer was a they. Only one. Then, nothing. Everything.

An eternity passed. Or maybe just a night. Or maybe no time had passed at all. Tomas and Julie slowly woke up. They found themselves on a large sumptuous bed with white sheets. As their eyes adjusted they found their surrounding to be hotel suite. Their clothes lay ironed on a table next to the bed. Tomas' car keys lay on the on the night shelf. Without a word, the two got dressed and left the room. They walked down the corridor and down the large stairs leading to the entrance past reception. Not a soul was to be seen. They opened the doors and lush sunrise faced them from the distance. They walked to the car. It was broken no longer. They got in. They drove.

Tomas and Julie would never talk about what happened to them that night. Not due to shame, trauma or denial. There simply was no need. There was nothing either could tell the other that they did not already know innately. To their friends and family their lives continued as usual and for the most part, they did. However, for the remainder of their days, Tomas' and Julie's wedding anniversary would be celebrated at no place other than Hotel Abìss.