 The nightmares started the very first evening they moved into the house. A tense silence settled amongst its new occupants. Exhaustion and anxiety lulled them into a deep sleep even as most of their belongings remained boxed or in the moving van parked outside in the driveway. It was better thought to retire to their separate rooms even in their state to current disarray than allow the stress of the move get too overheated-especially between Paul and his father.

Paul feel onto his bed and tossed restlessly for a long while before lapsing into sleep. It was deep and briefly devoid of dreams but suddenly he found himself being drawn from his bed, through the door, down the hall, down the stairs and standing pensively at the threshold of the basement, gazing down at the wooden steps that disappeared into the impenetrable darkness. A chilling wind blew upward and he realized that he was nude but it did not alter his curiosity of the force which seemed to beckon him downward. He slowly descended the steps and was consumed in the shadows.

He moved carefully, advancing with caution, groping blindly, but was then drawn to a sliver of light seeping out from beneath a door. The bare concrete floor sent a ripple of chills up his spine. His eyes had adjusted to the dark as best they could but he was still quite blind. He reached the door and turned its knobs. It was very old, caked by a thick patina of dust. The door opened only once he had applied his weight to it. 

Beyond was a room which was illuminated by wavering candle light which bathed everything in an eerie subdued light. Within stood several figured in dark cloaked robes. They encircled a platform which dominated the center of the small space. Paul's presence was only briefly ignored but they turned simultaneously to look at this intruder in their ceremony. The faces were mostly hidden and he could not tell whether they were young or old, male or female. 

They silent parted and he saw the platform without obstruction. It was an altar. Ornately designed with ghastly demonic faces carved in some form of stone unfamiliar to him with words written in some ancient text. At the head of the alter stood a man in a red robe. He beckoned Paul closer. He now saw a figure stretched out on the altar. It was a girl, her hands and feet bound, legs held open wide. Suddenly as if it were a photograph coming into focus Paul realized the girl bound to the altar was his sister Lucy, struggling in vain with her restrains. Her eyes were wide with fear until she saw her brother now standing over her and momentarily relaxed and felt she was to rescued from her captors and be released from her torment. 

The small congregation began to chant. It was a single word: KARSWELL. It echoed chillingly off of the rough stone walls and filled Paul's head. It initially made him dizzy, lightheaded, and then intoxicated him. He was becoming very aroused by the sight of Lucy and her slim naked body. He was aware of his erection and seemed unashamed of it. 

The red-robed one stood and merely observed everything. It was obvious that he was the leader of the group. The continued chanting the word, increasing in volume, echoing in his head. Paul saw the face of the leader as it turned upward and was now staring at him. It was an ancient face, white and fleshless as a skull. The dark sunken eyes were illuminated by a malignant source. It chilled Paul to the very marrow of his bone but still he felt no desire to turn and flee. He again turned his attention to Lucy, running his fingers over the length of her body. He felt the flesh twitch and quiver under his touch.

"I have waited so long for such delicious sinners to enter my home," said the leader. "I feel my liberation from this prison at hand."

The chanting drew steadily louder as now even Paul began to find the word spilling from his lips. He suddenly leaned down and drew one petite breast into his mouth, running his tongue wildly over the hard and sweaty nipple.

KARSWELL...KARSWELL...KARSWELL...it went on and on until Paul could no longer control himself and fell over Lucy's body. His rubbed her cunt roughly but she responded and her body arched upward. She was wet and eager and despite the restraints she had managed to open her legs a little wider. He felt the warm and tightness of her cunt clutch him and he sank into her. It was slow and without haste.

He then noticed that the congregation had shed their robes as had the leader and were all naked and encircling the altar upon which Paul and Lucy joyously fucked. The congregation was a mixture of young and old, male and female. The leader was sure the oldest and resembled a living skeleton but brandished the largest cocks that Paul had ever seen. His body white and almost totally devoid of hair-even his head was shaven. It was covered my elaborate tattoos. No, Paul noted that they seemed to be actually carved into his flesh. The other had similar markings. This image of the naked congregation only spurred Paul onward and pounded Lucy with an ever increasing level of enthusiasm. Although gagged he could still hear her deep moans and sighs that accompanied each thrust. Both of their bodies shimmered with perspiration in the flicking candle light.

Suddenly Paul was awakened by the sound of a rapping at his bedroom door. It was Lucy's voice on the other side. Paul sat himself up in bed and was aware of the heavy wetness in his underpants. A wet dream? he thought. It's been a long time since he's had a wet dream. But the dark spreading stain on the front of his underpants told a different story. He was panting softly even as most of the dream was beginning to fade. Small details became lost behind a haze of wakefulness.

By that afternoon the dream was nearly lost in the depths of his subconscious. He did jot the word Karswell down on a piece of paper before that was lost as well. The day was spent emptying out what remained in the moving van and trying not to irritate his father too much. But the remnants of the dreams (even though lost in content) left a lingering sensation upon him and made him silent and detached. When Lucy touched his hand while they sat eating lunch Paul's face blushed vividly but he could not look her in the eyes.

"Is there anything wrong, Paul?" she asked him numerous times over the course of the day but he just responded with a shake of his head and turned in the opposite direction and distracted his haunted mind with some task.

Later that evening he sat at the desk in his room with his sketch pad open, contemplating the blank white page before him. He made a few halfhearted strokes of the pencil but quickly erased them.

He felt himself becoming drowsy and his eyes went in and out of focus. Within those fleeting moments of consciousness he saw the page being filled by an image. He could only see it in quickly fragments. He saw the face of Lucy filled with a mixture of fear and desire. He suddenly saw the great demonic creature partially hunched over her, impaling her with an absurdly long cock that was covered with small hooked barbs. This nightmarish creature was looking straight out at the artist with a fearsome grim, enormous wings outspread as if preparing to take flight with his hellish concubine to mate in either the heights of some forbidden mountain kingdom or to descend into a pit of churning flames which do not burn the flesh of those who belong in such depths.

Paul did not hear Lucy come into the room. He must have thoughtlessly left the door open and became aware over her presence when her hand touched his should. He quickly closed the sketch pad.

"Why won't you let me see what you're drawing?" she asked, leaning over his shoulder. He inhaled her perfume.

"Is it a naked girl?" she asked a moment later.

"It's...it's private," said Paul once he recovered his senses. He puts the pad away in a draw.

"You usually show me your drawings. You've been acting very strange these last couple days," Lucy said and then brushed away the sweat that rolled down his face, pressing her hand to his forehead.

"Maybe you're coming down with something. You shouldn't be sleeping with your window open. Sure it's warm during the day but the nights are starting to get chilly. It's almost October you know."

Lucy went over to the window and went to close it. Her nightgown lifted a little and he caught a fleeting glimpse of her panties. They were white with little red hearts printed on them. He sees her buttocks cheeks peeking out and he looks quickly away and the image of the demon fucking Lucy flashes in his mind. Before she leaves him for the night she kisses him on the cheek and quickly hugs him. He feels a breast brush against his arm and again he blushes. He sits at his desk immobile for a long while before slipping into his bed. 

END OF PART ONE