 It was only about six blocks from my family home. The rickety old place with the creepy old man who lived there. Everyone seemed to avoid both him and his home. The rumors were rampant of course too. He was a pervert, he had killed someone, it went on and on.

Personally I never paid much attention to the rumors, nor to the house or the old guy who lived there. Most of time anyways. Every Halloween the placed did seem to take on a creepier air for some reason.

When I was younger we NEVER trick-or-treated there even though I do remember seeing a porch light on and a jack-o-lantern. No one ever went up to his house. As I got older I kept thinking it was a shame because it was such an old house it perfectly fit the motif of the day.

I also thought it was a shame because no one really seemed to know the old guy who lived there, hence why the rumors were so rampant. If rumors were real then I'd have been an eighteen year old virgin who was considered a brainiac nerd who probably wouldn't get a date to her high school prom.

Oh wait. That's exactly what I was. Eighteen years old, and because I excelled in school I was labeled a brainiac nerd. And I was a virgin too. Plus I didn't date at all, so the chances were good that no one would ask me out for prom.

The thing was I hated how I was perceived. Yes I was smart but that didn't make me a nerd. Granted I wore glasses, but I needed them to see properly. And yes I was a virgin but that wasn't because I wanted to be chaste or anything. Hell I WAS interested in sex. It was just that guys in my school didn't seem interested in me. Which was probably why I got so proficient at getting myself off at home.

As it was I was an eighteen year old nerd, with probably the highest grade point average at my high school, who was still a virgin.

In fairness I didn't do too much to dispel the image either. Even though I wasn't a bad looking girl - I thought - I wasn't tall or anything, probably around 5'5", but I was filling out quite nicely. Every time I saw my reflection when I showered I thought I had a great ass, and my tits were really developing nicely. I was well on my way to C-cup territory. And despite the glasses I thought I was pretty. I had long brunette hair and - I felt - stunning blue eyes.

Still with all that going for me I wasn't a party-girl or anything. I didn't go out at all with friends even though there had been offers to tag along.

So I perpetuated the myth of the rumors about me. 

As I passed by the old house down the street I thought that after graduation I should ask the old guy who lived there if I could move in with him and that would give the rumor mill grist for years to come.

******

Halloween was approaching again and in the fall that old house took on an even creepier air for most people. The bare trees of autumn left it completely visible. Even in the day time it looked foreboding. But in the evening with the lack of lights and any semblance of life it was pretty eerie.

Over the years I guess the old guy had gotten the hint. For the past few years there was no porch light on and no jack-o-lantern. So each subsequent Halloween the place looked even eerier.

In a true testament to just how much this place, and this guy, freaked out people in the neighborhood the old guy's home wasn't even the target of Halloween tomfoolery that was more the norm for guys my age than trick-or-treating.

If they wouldn't egg your house or t.p. the trees in your front yard? You freaked people out.

******

Halloween was upon us and I was sitting at home watching TV. I wasn't even into the day enough to watch any horror movies. I watched To Kill a Mockingbird on a classic movie channel. As my mother manned the door doling out candy to trick-or-treaters I was struck by how the old guy down the road was perceived much in the same way as Boo was in the movie I was watching.

I don't why but at that moment I felt a great deal of empathy for the old guy in the creepy house down the road. And I also don't know why but I got up and put my jacket on and told my mother I was going to take a walk even before the movie was over.

Once I got outside I felt the crispness of the air of this October night. I zipped up my jacket and started walking down the street as I watched the last few groups of trick-or-treaters scurry around the neighborhood.

As I passed the last street light on the side of the road I saw the old house silhouetted in the darkness of night. I felt myself smile as I thought it did look creepy in the darkness. As per usual there was no porch light on and no jack-o-lantern out front.

But there was something that caught my eye. It was a brief flash of dim light through one of the windows. I cinched my jacket up a bit as the cool breeze picked up a bit and furrowed my brow. I stood there eyeing the old place intently. I was just a dark shadow against an almost as dark background and a black sky.

There was a flash again. It was brief and if I hadn't been looking for it I wouldn't have even noticed it. I stared at the house and then glanced up and down the dark street. Suddenly the flash of light seemed to go red and was sustained for a few seconds.

Now I was curious. I took a deep breath and crossed the street and walked up to the front of the long drive-way leading up to the old house. Every few seconds I'd see a flash of light. I assumed it was a television flickering but wasn't sure. I took a deep breath and ambled up the drive-way a bit then paused.

I felt my heart pounding. God I had never been this close to this house before, and despite my penchant for not wanting to believe unfounded rumors I still felt a bit creeped out.

Still there was something about the flashes of light that were more visible now that I was closer that had me standing there, intrigued, and not turning tail and running away.

I glanced back down the drive-way towards the street and wasn't surprised that there was no traffic of any kind down there. So I glanced back towards the house and noticed another flicker through the window.

I smiled to myself and thought how ridiculous it was for me to allow Halloween to affect me like this. So I decided to walk on up the house and introduce myself. I actually giggled as I got to the porch and thought my opening line could be: 'Since I won't have a date for prom next spring maybe I could come over and we could make smores'.

Still standing there on the dark porch with old house seemingly creaking and groaning in the autumn wind I felt a chill go up my spine. But I persevered and knocked on the door.

There was no answer but I thought I did hear some movement from inside. I knocked once more and waited in silence. Nothing. 

For some reason I felt my heart start to beat faster. I stood there for another moment before moving down the porch a bit. I felt a bit weird doing it, but I glanced into one of the windows. That's when I saw the TV. That was indeed the source of the flickering light I'd seen.

So the old guy was home and watching TV. I just assumed he had fallen asleep and was about to turn and walk away. Just before I did I caught a glimpse of something on the TV screen.

Was that a nun? Yes it was! Only it became quickly apparent that he wasn't watching religious programming. The next image I saw was of a guy in black cape - and nothing else - jump on this 'nun' and dig his teeth into her neck.

"Holy shit," I muttered aloud as I leaned closer to the window. I also noticed that my breath was slightly fogging up the window as I breathed heavily watching the images on the TV.

Now the guy in the cape stripped the 'nun' naked and crawled on top of her and I watched in awe as I could see his cock sliding up inside her pussy. I felt my own pussy start to tingle as I watched the sex on the TV screen inside this old house. I was about to divert my gaze to see if I could see the old man anywhere, thinking he might be whacking off.

That's when I was grabbed from behind. I tried to scream but a powerful hand was over my mouth. And that wasn't all. He was holding a rag over my mouth and nose. As I struggled I could feel myself losing consciousness. 

The last thought to go through my head before I blacked out was: How stereotypical. I'm going to die at the hands of a pervert on Halloween.

******

Oh I was groggy! But I was alive. I was outside that old house, but something was off. I shook my head to try and clear the cobwebs out. Did I hear screaming?

Oh my god I did! Blood-curdling screams were coming from inside the house. Yet I just seemed to stand there and do nothing.

That's when my eyes fluttered opened a bit. I was still groggy as hell but I was able to figure out that I was dreaming of the house. I wasn't outside. I was inside of it. I blinked my eyes a few times to try and clear my blurry vision. It was then I realized I wasn't just groggy but I also was sore. My shoulders were killing me! What the hell caused that?

I blinked a few times more and tried to look around but my head felt like it weighed a hundred pounds. What the hell had he used on me? I tried to take a deep breath to help clear my head when something else became apparent. I had tape over my mouth.

I heard myself groan loudly through the tape as it finally began to dawn on me what had happened. He'd chloroformed me out on the porch and then dragged me into his creepy house. I glanced around a bit as my vision cleared. I could tell I was in the basement from the high windows at ground level outside. I also took note of the fact that the two windows that I did see were completely blacked out, so no one outside could see in.

That couldn't bode well for me. 

I was finally able to figure out why my shoulders hurt so much. I was tied up! My hands were bound together somehow and I was attached by something to the ceiling. So while I was unconscious all my weight was borne by my shoulders.

What amazed me for a brief moment was how analytical I was being. Here I was an eighteen year old girl, tied up in the basement of a man no one in town knew anything about - other than rumors - and all I was doing was piecing together where I was and what situation I was in.

The fact that I was tied up in a stranger's home with my mouth bound by tape didn't seem to register with me.

At first.

I continued to glance around the dimly lit basement and noticed that the walls were covered in pictures and what looked like newspaper clippings. I didn't have my glasses on so I had to squint like crazy to make stuff out.

I shuffled up a bit to bear more of my body weight on my feet and tried to lean forward to the wall directly in front of me. I could easily see some home made posters or something of symbols and what-not. I squinted hard at a picture near the bottom left corner of the wall. It looked like it was the old guy standing behind a naked woman with his hands over her tits. He was wearing a black robe and it looked like she was dressed like a nun.

Holy shit! It was just like the movie I had seen on his TV earlier. I shuffled my position a bit and looked to my left. Tons of newspaper articles covered that wall. I was able to make out most of the headlines thanks the bigger type-face of them, and they all looked to be about sex crimes.

Now I started to get freaked out.

I took a deep breath and looked to my right. Oh holy shit! More pictures of the old guy with other women! It was difficult for me to be sure, but some of them looked like they had abject terror in their eyes!

Were the rumors about this guy all true? Was I going to end up as his next victim? That's when I suddenly noticed I was undressed and only had on my bra and panties.

Oh for fuck sakes! I WAS going to die. I felt myself shiver as a single tear escaped my eye.

Then I heard the door to the room I was in creak open.

******

"Oh you're awake at last," he said in a very soothing voice. Yet he was wearing the same dark robe as he was in the picture with the woman dressed like a nun. "I must apologize for how I brought you in here," he continued as he closed the door behind him. "You just startled me so much when you knocked on my door."

He slowly moved through the room and had a smile on his face as he looked at me. "And," he added. "I have to apologize as well for putting you here, but you did present me with a bit of a dilemma."

He moved over to my right and stood by the wall of photos of him and other women. He seemed to smile at one with admiration as he traced his finger over it. 

"You see after I accosted you," he looked back at me with a look of regret on his face. "In my defense I thought you were a prowler or a burglar," he sighed. "Well," he shrugged. "We took a bit of a tumble. So your clothes are in the wash as we speak."

His voice was so calm and reassuring I almost forgot that I was trussed up with tape over my mouth. Yet the strange thing was I didn't fear him. I didn't even fear the situation anymore.

"Put yourself in my position," he smiled as he moved closer to me. "You've just chloroformed a young girl, even though you thought she was an intruder. You still did that," he shrugged. "Now with what people in this town think of me what do you do?"

I just shrugged back at him.

"See?" he smiled warmly at me. "You understand."

He moved away from me again and went to the wall directly in front of me. "Now," he said in a much cooler voice. "Does that justify me tying you up in here?"

I suddenly felt a chill go up my back.

He turned and faced me. "What the hell was I supposed to do?" he growled at me. "Leave you out there so you could wake up and tell everyone I chloroformed you?"

I started to breathe heavier as the weight of what might be going on gripped me tightly.

"So," he shrugged, his voice again calm. "I brought you here," he gestured around the room. "Rest assured," he added with a grin that made my skin crawl. "Everything that's happened here has been between consenting adults. I just needed to keep you here to make you understand why I did what I did."

Sensing the predicament that I was in I nodded vigorously at him.

"Good," he grinned at me. "I'm glad you understand."

I was hoping he'd untie me and that would be the end of it all. No such luck.

"Let me just go and check on your clothes," he said as he turned to the door.

A moment later I was alone again. I glanced at all three walls and then up at my bound hands. I struggled against the bindings but I knew there was no way I was getting out of there on my own.

I lowered my head and began to sob a bit. I felt like I was going to die that night. And what really pissed me off more than anything was the fact that I thought I was going to die a virgin.

******

I stood there terrified in my bra and panties, my hands bound and with tape over my mouth. I could hear the Halloween wind making this old house creak and groan. I forced my eyes shut so I didn't have to take in any of the imagery on the walls in this room. 

Was I going to die?

He was back in less than five minutes. "Well your things are in the dryer," he said in a calm voice as he closed the door behind him. "Unfortunately that does create a bit of a problem."

Oh fuck! I knew what was coming next. I am doing your laundry but I am going to have to kill you. What the hell was I thinking coming over to this creepy place? As smart as I was school-wise, my real-world stupidity was about to get me killed.

"You see it'll still be before midnight," he explained in a calm voice. "That means Halloween won't be over."

I felt another chill run down my spine.

"You need to understand," he looked at me with pleading eyes. "I'm not a bad man. But," he sighed. "On Halloween the beast does take over."

I closed my eyes. That was it. Confirmation. I wasn't getting out of this room alive.

I heard him shuffle through the room and opened my eyes as I heard him pry something off the wall to my right. I opened my eyes and saw him glance wistfully at a picture he'd pulled from the wall. He walked up to me and held it up to my face.

"You see?" he said calmly. "This was the last young lady to knock on my door, and she did it on Halloween too."

God! My skin crawled when I saw it! This poor girl - who couldn't have been any older than I was at the time - had her mascara running down her face as it looked like he was fucking her from behind. Like me, she had tape over her mouth and I wondered what happened to her.

"Don't worry," he said in a soothing voice. "She's still alive," he put his hand to my face and I shivered under his touch. "And you will be too. I've learned to control the beast on this night over the years."

I was shivering with fear and I felt tears welling up in my eyes. 

He lowered his hand from my face. "I do have some mementoes of when I wasn't able to control the beast on this night," he eyed me curiously. "Would you like to see them?"

I don't know why but I nodded at him.

"Well good," he smiled at me. He turned and leaned over a coffee table and reached underneath it. He pulled out a small safe and turned the lock. After he opened it he pulled out a book. He ran his hand over it and stared at it for a moment.

"Are you sure you want to see this?" he asked me with a sly grin. "This was all before I could control the beast."

Again I nodded.

It was a good thing I had tape over my mouth otherwise I'm sure I would have thrown up. The pictures he showed me were of unimaginable violence perpetrated by him on women. Some were my age, some older, but all horrific.

"Now the important thing to know," he said in a calm voice as he flipped from page to page. "Is that all these women are still alive. I only let the beast have me kill one time."

I nodded at him even though my stomach was churning and my skin was crawling with total terror.

"Please don't tell anyone about that," he said in a calm voice. "It was a long time ago and I needed to do it to quell the beast's hold on me."

Again I nodded.

"Good girl," he placed his hand to my face once again. He had a smile on his face and for a moment his eyes looked almost kind. But that changed in short order. His smile faded away and his eyes narrowed. He closed his picture book and place it on the coffee table and took a deep breath. "We do have a problem though."

I closed my eyes and almost sobbed.

"The beast is telling me to take you," he said in a cool voice. "And since it's Halloween I cannot resist."

Even though I was totally freaked out and in absolute abject terror when he looked over his shoulder at me I just shrugged at him.

"So you understand?" he asked me in the same cool tone.

I nodded.

He moved in front of me and nodded. There was no kindness in his eyes. "I don't like to do this," he said as he opened his robe. "But I have to for him!" he gestured to the wall in front of me. 

I barely squinted at the hand-drawn picture on the wall. I was surprised that my gaze shifted down to his cock. He was fully erect already, but I also noticed that he wasn't cut. Despite everything that was going on I was amazed that I took note of that.

"Again," he breathed heavily against my neck as he eased around my back. "I don't want to do this, but I have to. You're so pretty," he ran a hand over my hair and with the other he caressed my breasts. "I have to do this!"

I nodded and muffled and 'uh huh' as he placed both hands on my waist and lowered my panties. I don't know what made me do what I did next though - A hopeful survivor's instinct? An 'I don't give a shit anymore, at least I'll get laid before he kills me' attitude? - whatever it was, as he lowered my panties to my ankles, I willingly stepped out of them.

He straightened up and moved behind me. I felt him place his hands on my hips and move them up and down my thighs. I felt myself tremble as he did it. The weird thing was is that this tremble wasn't born of fear. I actually LIKED feeling his hands on me. How weird was that?
