 Chapter One

Nicola bit down on her hand to muffle her moans as Sam pounded her from behind. Not all of the cleaners had gone home yet and they would be instantly fired if they were caught having sex at work. That was part of the fun, of course. Nicola also suspected that Sam wanted one of the cleaners to walk in and catch them, especially the curvy Polish blonde chick with the punk hairdo. In his sex-addled fantasy the cleaner probably joined in. Threw down her duster and peeled off her unflattering uniform to reveal a tightly honed yet busty body beneath, one that was inexplicably naked.

God, even I'm getting caught in Sam's ridiculous fantasies, Nicola thought. Then again, aren't I already in one? Cheating on his girlfriend and having sex on his desk?

In the distance they could hear the sound of the cleaner's hoover. Sam sped up a little. They grinned in their mutually shared rebellion against work. The wet slapping sounds of Sam's thighs and balls against Nicola's sweat drenched buttocks were drowned out as his mobile went off. 

'Fuck, that's Kayla calling. It's her ring tone,' he growled. The phone buzzed across the desk, the display lighting up with Kayla's picture.

'Answer it then,' Nicola stopped biting down on her hand and reached for the phone.

'No!' he tried to take it from her but, too late, Nicola had pressed the answer button. 

'Hello?' came Kayla's distant voice.

Sam slowed his thrusts and glared daggers at Nicola. 'Hey, what's up?'

Nicola repositioned herself, pushing the distracted Sam against the desk and straddling his cock. She began to hump him noisily.

'What's that noise?' Kayla asked.

'I'm just helping one of the guys move a sofa. Yeah, that's why I'm running a little late.'

'Will you be long?'

'Ah, not at this rate,' Sam gasped. Nicola was grinding herself up and down with lewd enthusiasm, doing anything it took to rouse a noise from Sam that wasn't speech. He tried to stick his fingers in her mouth to silence her. It didn't work. She sucked and slurped on them with exaggerated passion.

'Well there's something we need to discuss.'

'Is theeeere?' Sam's heart turned to ice as his cock turned to molten lava. Did Kayla know he was cheating on her?

'Are you still moving that sofa while you're on the phone?'

'Yes. Yes. We can't put it down now.'

'Uh huh. Well I got this weird letter. I need to talk to you soon, so hurry up ok?'

'No worries, I'm coming now.' Sam hung up. Nicola thrust her hips into his crotch, delivering the final blow. He came messily and noisily. Nicola laughed.

'Sick bitch,' he said as they dressed.

'It was fun though, wasn't it? I really want to give you a blowjob while you have a long, intimate conversation with her. Tell you that you love her just as I make you burst in my mouth.'

The office door opened and the cleaner came in, the Polish chick with the green-dyed pixie haircut. She stared at them from behind her intricately crafted eyeshadow. Sam stuffed his shirt into his trousers while Nicola dropped a file on the floor, bending to pick it up, along with her discarded panties.

'Hi, Natia. We were just doing a one-to-one,' Sam explained.

'Yeah, a personal review,' Nicola giggled.

Natia rolled her eyes, emptied the bin and left. As if I didn't know what goes on in this office, Natia thought. No one notices the cleaner, or thinks about what they throw away. A spent condom was at the bottom of the wastepaper basket, tucked beneath sheets of paper.

Back home, Sam greeted his girlfriend with a quick kiss on the cheek and sat down to tea. He watched in silent accusation as she piled a double helping of pasta bake onto her plate. Kayla had been made redundant six months ago from the job she had held since graduating seven years ago, and had failed to find any other work since. Laziness and ennui had set in, and so had the weight. His once lithe, go-getting girlfriend had turned pudgy up and down her body.

Sam said nothing about it. Instead his attention turned to the packet of legal documents on the table. 'So what's up, babe?'

'My Great Aunt Deshayes passed away.'

'Who?'

'You never met her. I think I only met her a couple of times, when I was younger. She was a bit weird, my parents never really associated with her.'

'Okay. Well, condolences etc.'

'Say it like you mean it.'

Sam shrugged, 'She's some dead person I never met. People die all the time.'

'You can be so callous sometimes.' Kayla furrowed her brow. It didn't do anything for her.

'Sure. So?' 

'Anyway. She left me her house.'

'Her house? Some old bungalow on the seafront filled with cats I assume?'

'No. It's a Georgian mansion house in Old Sinstone.'

'Fuck. Those things go for more than a million, whatever the condition. Nice one, babe, your work troubles are over for a little while.' She could live on the sale proceeds for a couple of years, maybe even set up a small business, Sam reasoned.

'There's a catch. I can't sell it. I have to live in it if I want to inherit it.'

'Live in it? It's a nice area, but shit, my work is here. The commute is...'

'I know. So that's what we need to discuss.'

Things hadn't been great between them lately. They hadn't had sex in over a month. When they were having sex, it was lacklustre. Sam struggled to show any enthusiasm in his chubby girlfriend, and she lacked the spark of life to make it even half-interesting. Now, moving to Old Sinstone, the relationship would be under even greater pressure.

'Okay, babe. I'll give it a shot,' Sam said with a reassuring smile. 

And if this doesn't work out, we're done for.

Chapter Two

Kayla and Sam set out on the following weekend. The arrangements had been made with the family solicitor and Nicola's official possession would begin that Saturday. They drove down to Old Sinstone, a remote and ancient village in the south of England, near the coast. There was a primordial quality to the thick vegetation that pressed in on their car as they searched the narrow country lanes for the house. 

'The Sat-Nav is freaking out again, and I can't find this place on Google Maps. How is it not on Google Maps? They sent a van to the Antarctic but not to my Aunt's village? Oh God, we're lost,' Kayla panicked.

'Relax, babe. We're nearly there,' Sam, a project manager by trade, had studied the route on an old Ordnance Survey map he had found in the city library. Come on, come on, please be right, he thought to himself as he turned the car down a dark stretch of country road.

The car burst out of the dank, overgrown undergrowth into sunlight and a well-kept private road running along the edge of a trimmed field. Less than a mile away, beyond the old oaks and sculpted hedgerows, sat a three-storey mansion house. 

'Look! It has outbuildings bigger than our flat,' Kayla pointed excitedly. 

'It probably has rooms bigger than our flat,' Sam quipped dryly. Now he knew the way, he was confident he could trim down the commute, but it was still much too far to travel on a daily basis. Maybe if I keep the flat on myself and live out here on weekends, that may not be so bad, Sam thought. I could put Nicola in the flat. Two homes, two girls. 

'Wow. It's not Georgian. It's Neo-Palladian,' Kayla said absently.

'Since when were you an expert on architecture?'

'I don't know. I just know,' she gave a puzzled look and shrugged it off.

The main part of the mansion house was a large square block, as wide as it was tall, fronted with four columns and capped with a peaked archway. Two separate wings spread out from the main building, lower in height but wider. Sam stopped the car at the steps leading up the front door, half-expecting a valet to slink out from some unseen nook and take his car away to the stables. 

They agreed to leave the luggage for the moment and take a look around. Both of them shared excited, nervous glances. Kayla palmed the key, headed up the staircase and worked the ornate lock to the double doors. In spite of being twice her height, they swung open with lubricated ease. The two stepped in.

They entered the front lobby, their feet pressing down in the thick, luxurious pile of a carpet made sometime in the height of the British Empire. A modest staircase, only five or six feet wide, swept up the left hand side of the room to the first floor. Faint sunlight struggled to illuminate the room through the ceiling high windows, leaving dark nooks and corners. 

Kayla caught something moving in one of the shadowy recesses. It was the outline of a sensuously tall woman looking at her with a hungry smile. She let out a sudden yelp of surprise

'You okay, babe?' Sam asked.

Kayla blinked. The shadows had reformed. There was nothing in that corner of the lobby. 'Yeah. I just had this sudden sense that someone was watching me.'

'We're in a Scooby Doo mansion. There's probably someone watching us through the eye holes of one of these paintings,' Sam gestured at the series of oil paintings that went up the wall alongside the main staircase. One of them, fresher than the rest, caught his eye and he stood beneath it. It displayed a woman, perched regally with her hands in her lap, wearing an off-the-shoulder dress that accentuated more than it hid. Midnight blue hair was coiled ornately on her head, and then cascaded down her right shoulder, framing and highlighting the swell of her breasts. There was a suggestion of the ancient Greek goddess to her, mischievous and powerful. Dark, piercing eyes returned Sam's gaze and he felt something stirring within him. The stress of the car ride melted away as he lost himself in those deep, soul-stealing eyes.

'Who's this good looking dame?'

'Did you just say 'dame'?' Kayla mocked

Sam replied in a put-on Al Capone voice, 'Nyah, what if I did, see?' Then, returning to his normal voice, he said, 'She could be a dame for all I know. Look around you. This is the type of place the aristocracy lived in.'

'That was her. My Great Aunt Deshayes.'

Sam gave a low whistle. 'Nice.' He said. Very nice, he thought. Shame none of those smoking hot good looks made their way down the family tree to Kayla. 

'What a painting. It definitely feels like she's looking right at me,' Kayla said in a low voice.

Kayla was half-right. Her Great Aunt Deshayes, currently deceased, was looking at her, though not from the painting. The ghost of Lillian Deshayes had waited patiently in the empty rooms and corridors of the mansion for the arrival of her distant relative, and now she watched the two new arrivals with a playful smirk. A cloud of the darkness in the recesses of the room shifted and gave female form to the ghost, though to Sam and Kayla it appeared as nothing more than a shadow seen from the corner of their eye, one that shifted away the moment they tried to look at it. Neither of them paid it any attention as it, or rather Lillian Deshayes, approached them. 

Lillian studied her distant niece with the same disappointment that had been bothering Sam in the past weeks and months. It doesn't matter greatly, thought Lillian, once I have her I can easily make improvements.

Lillian moved up behind the shorter woman. Had she been corporeal, her breasts would have rested on Kayla's blond head. The portrait failed to show how statuesque 'Madame' Deshayes really was. I can't possess her body yet but I can sync up with her and start the process, Lillian thought to herself. The ghostly figure took a step forward.

She was instantly absorbed into Kayla's body. Kayla gasped as a powerful chill hit her and she shivered from head to toe. She wrapped her heavy forearms around herself defensively. For a long, disorientating moment she felt dislocated from herself, as if she was only watching her body, and then the sensation passed as Lillian Deshayes ebbed back out of Kayla to reform behind her. Both women, the living and the ghost, seemed tired from a sudden exertion.

'Are you sure you're ok?' Sam glanced down at Kayla with concern.

'Oh, I'm just fine,' Lillian Deshayes said huskily. The brief sensation of being alive had again had been exhilarating. Her voice went unheard. 

'Oh, I'm just fine,' Kayla mumbled distantly.

Lillian grinned. Slowly, she lifted up her hands and traced gentle circles around her nipples. Beneath the shadow-smoke suggestion of the dress she wore, her pale nipples grew firm and erect. In front of her, Kayla's breathing grew heavy as her own nipples began to press against the fabric of her bra, denting her tank top. 

Lillian traced the hand sensuously down her firm stomach and quested for a spot between her legs. Kayla let out a small yell, as if she had just been fingered very, very skilfully. Unconsciously she parted her legs.

'I'll go get the bags, then,' Sam said, giving his girlfriend a funny look.

Not just yet, stud, Lillian thought. Men were even easier for Lillian to manipulate. She brushed a hand against, and through, Sam's flesh and blood cock. It became even more flesh and blood as Sam's mind clouded and he leered first at the picture and then at Kayla. In the subdued, soft light of the lobby, his girlfriend's recent chunkiness didn't strike him as being all that bad. 

'Her arse has a delicious roundness, don't you think?' Lillian whispered into Sam's ear. The words were not heard directly but trickled in to his subconscious mind. Lillian conjured images of Sam and Kayla's lovemaking, vivid descriptions that Sam soon shared.

Yeah, I could just hump away into that all night if I could get her to go doggy style, Sam thought.

Kayla caught the lewd look. Something fired up within her, like an old furnace being restoked for the first time in a decade, and then it fizzled out again. Something about this place was putting her on edge. 

'Yeah, you get the bags. I'll...'

'Go make the bedroom ready,' said Lillian.

'Go make the bedroom ready,' echoed Kayla. 

Sam headed back down the stairs, a little stiff legged, and slightly surprised at his sudden arousal over his chubby girlfriend. Well, have to make do with what I've got while I'm in the middle of nowhere. And that Aunt, though! I could happily fuck Kayla's arse and imagine it's her smoking Aunt I'm doing.

Inside the lobby, Lillian smirked at Sam's telegraphed thoughts and then guided Kayla to the master bedroom. Kayla was unaware she was following the ghost of her great aunt, who led the way through the labyrinthine corridors of the mansion house. 

Chapter Three

The rest of the day was spent making a home for themselves. While Sam set up the kitchen, prepared dinner, swore at his lack of phone signal and ogled glances at Lillian's portrait, his girlfriend was upstairs in the master bedroom with Lillian's ghost. Changing the bedsheets was taking far longer than it should have done. 

Lillian toyed with her prey. She sat splayed across a chaise longue, her pseudo-dress discarded so she could enjoy Kayla better. The two were connected in a feedback loop. Whatever one felt reverberated around the other's nervous system and back again, amplifying even the tiniest pain or pleasure. Lillian was stroking the cleft of her cunt, teasing the edges with her long fingers, and watching the effect it had on poor Kayla.

She kept herself moving, bustling about the room to lay out sheets, towels, clothes and whatever else they needed to live. The problem was that if she stopped to rest, her hands would creep down, past the waistband of her jeans, underneath her cotton panties, and into the dark, inviting folds of her snatch. Twice she had caught herself standing in the middle of the room, lewdly pleasuring herself. 

The heat wasn't helping. The room was stuffy so she opened up a window but that didn't stop the heat from building up within her. The furnace of sexual arousal was being gently stoked. As her pussy gradually caught fire and all her skin became flushed, she stripped off her clothes. Lillian watched with interest as the blonde's breasts bounced free of their tank top. They remained encased in her bra.

Lillian sat up on the chaise longue and mimed moving her hand to her back to unclasp a bra. In the middle of the bedroom, Kayla, her eyes glazed, did the same. The bra fell to the floor. Lillian cupper her breasts and tweaked her nipples. Kayla cupped her breasts and tweaked her nipples. Simultaneously, the two women moaned in pleasure as the electric thrill surged through both of them and back again. 

'Oh, yes,' Lillian moaned. She lost control herself and started fingering her cunt furiously.

'Oh, yes,' Kayla whimpered back. Her hands still squeezed her own breasts. Distantly she felt the ghostly pleasures being experienced by Lillian, could feel the ghostly apparition of a hand teasing her own cunt, and also the emptiness of her pussy. It needed her attention. Her hands slid down hungrily over her naked torso, pulling her trousers down and...

Sam opened the bedroom door and popped his head in. 'Ah, there you are. I've been in literally every other room. Dinner is...' he stopped short as it finally registered that his girlfriend was semi-naked, her hands down her panties. His sudden arrival broke Lillian's concentration and she lost control over her slut. Kayla came to, glancing around the bedroom which she couldn't remember preparing, and at her pile of clothes which she couldn't remember taking off. She began to panic.

'Fuck,' Lillian, the witch-ghost, swore. It was only a natural outburst of annoyance, but the magic of her word had a profound effect on Sam and Kayla.

'Fuck dinner,' growled Sam. He strode into the room, undoing his belt and fixing Kayla with a predatory gaze. Images of screwing Kayla had been coalescing around his mind all day, spiced with intercuts of the incredibly gorgeous Lillian. 

'Fuck me,' whimpered Kayla. It had been over a month since she had last felt a hard cock between her legs. She was hot, burning up with sexual heat. It didn't help that Lillian had returned her ghostly fingers to her own needy clit and started the sensual feedback loop of rising pleasure.

Sam roughly turned Kayla's face towards his and kissed her passionately. The sudden shock of actual body contact nearly overwhelmed her and Lillian. Both girls mewled as the electric kiss coursed all the way down to their clits and ignited the fire into a raging inferno. 

'Ohhhhh,' Lillian moaned.

'Ohhhhh,' Kayla followed. The bond of synchronisation between them was increasing in strength as the growing sexual energy flowed from Kayla and fed Lillian Deshaye's unearthly power. With a good bout of sex, she would be strong enough to work some real magic. The two lovers only needed a nudge and they would be her slaves forever.

Lillian moaned as Sam mauled Kayla's tits, his hands expertly tweaking the nipples. 'Oh yes. I'm so fricking horny. I need this bad,' Lillian said huskily. A moment later, the words were coming from Kayla's mouth, a little more breathlessly.

'Yeah? Good. Because you're about to get fucked harder than you've ever been fucked,' Sam promised. He followed through on his earlier daydreams and shoved Kayla forcefully onto the bed, face first. She gasped as her man's strong hands pulled her up so that her ass was presented. Then he tugged at her panties, and when they caught around her spread thighs he gave one, quick yank and they fell apart.

No longer content to sit and watch from the side lines, Lillian rose from the chaise longue, her ghostly form moving behind Sam as he took off his clothes and positioned himself behind Kayla's slickening cunt. Her hands traced their way down his sides, savouring the ridges of his muscled abdomen, before caressing his stiffening prick.

It's big, but our little fucktoy is going to need much bigger after that build up. So let me help you out there, stud, Lillian thought. Her long fingers ran up and down Sam's shaft and teased his tip. She poured some of her limited magic into the cock. 
