 The man smiled alluringly, his pale green-grey eyes glittering. I felt something stir deep within me -- too low for butterflies -- and I closed my eyes briefly, my heart pounding, opening them again to see that he hadn't moved.

"Georgina," he said simply and his rich, seductive voice sent shudders through my body.

"Who...?" I managed to whisper; it was almost a squeak.

He cocked his dark head on one side, the smile curving higher as he answered without even letting me finish my sentence -- not that I could've anyway...

"William."

"William...?" It was all I could say in return. I had no power to do anything -- nor did I want power to do anything. His hair was short and tousled, suiting his long, heart-shaped face and narrow pale eyes. His skin was like ivory -- not even a spot of colour on his lips -- and with his ebony hair, he looked like he had stepped out of a black and white Victorian photograph.

One blink and he was suddenly only a few inches away from me. His right hand rose and caressed my cheek; I leant into it with my eyes closed, pleasant shivers racing down my spine as his left hand trailed up my thigh, coming to rest on my hip, his cool fingers just sliding into the top of my jeans.

"Georgina..."

I trembled with pleasure, his warm breath tickling my ear as his lips brushed the soft part of my neck, tracing my jaw-line and then pressing gently against the corner of my mouth, the tip of his tongue just briefly touching my bottom lip.

The hand slid further down: his fingertips were now brushing my knickers -- black as I always wore. 'Wear sexy knickers and you'll feel sexy' my friend once told me. I felt more than sexy now. 

The hand went further, fingers sliding around my buttock -- stroking, teasing, and purposely avoiding the more sensitive parts. I felt myself becoming wet and gasped, opening my eyes to meet his gaze: lids lowered, the slight smile playing on his lips...I wanted him.

Left-hand occupied, his right hand slid down from my face: neck...shoulder...breast... stomach...before -- with a quick flick -- he was touching bare skin again, his hand between my shirt and the hollow of my waist.

Jesus, why didn't I take a bra with me into the bathroom!?

I replied to the thought almost immediately: because somehow I knew he was there...

Slowly his hand moved back up, his fingers sweeping around the edge of my breast, following the curve until he inevitably reached my nipple.

"Oh God..." I gasped, anticipating his next move.

Taking it between his forefinger and thumb, he squeezed my nipple gently and when I gasped again, he squeezed harder. Almost involuntarily, my hand shot up to clutch at his hair and I pressed my lips against his, kissing him hungrily, my other hand sliding down the back of his trousers.

Immediately both his hands shifted, sliding around to my stomach, tracing the line where the edge of my hip-set jeans touched the skin just above my pubic hair, and undoing the single button with ease -- one hand opening the zip and pushing my jeans to the floor, the other slipping behind my knickers, fingers roughly brushing my clitoris as they passed, aiming for the place they could please me most.

I shuddered deeply with desire, his fingers finding their way further inside me as I writhed against him in agonizing pleasure, my body pushing itself against his impulsively as I attempted to undo the buttons of his shirt -- only just seeming to succeed.

Before I knew it, my trembling fingers had undone the clasp on his trousers as well, and finding his hot, erect cock in my hands, I wrapped my long fingers around it, teasing, caressing...I heard then his first hint of longing -- a tiny gap, barely audible -- and looked up to find his eyes closed softly. The hand he had on my buttocks clenched once and then his fingers thrust deep into me -- making me cry out blissfully -- withdrawing almost immediately and leaving me quivering in the aftermath. 

"Oh God, William," I panted, clutching at him, watching his eyes open, slowly, seductively, his own breath coming out quick and short.

Again, I anticipated correctly.

We stumbled backwards, William pushing me gently but firmly until I bent backwards over the small hallway table, his cock standing free and unrestrained from his trousers.

Tearing off my shirt, his lips pressed against my breasts, teeth softly biting my nipples, until slowly -- excruciatingly slowly -- his caresses traveled further and further down my body, his tongue eventually parting my nether lips and finding my clitoris: a true lover's kiss.

Carefully teasing, it was only when I began to cry out for the second time that he stood swiftly and entered me, both of us coming to climax at the same blissful instant: his head thrown back and my nails leaving their red marks on his stomach as we closed our eyes, shuddering together -- no rhythm, just chaos.

We lay there for I don't know how long, my whole body throbbing and my sight blurred as his head rested against my chest, our breathing ragged.

Eventually, he rose and as effortless as lifting a feather, swept me up into his warm embrace, carrying me back to my room. He placed me gently on the bed, the sheets cool and smooth against my back, and lay next to me. 

As he stroked my hair, fingers trailing down my neck, I suddenly felt -- for no reason -- that something was wrong. Turning, I looked into his eyes -- his gorgeous green eyes -- and was sure, again, that there was something I wasn't seeing. 

And then I noticed.

Though the room was very dark (if he stood a metre away I'd only be able to see his outline) his pupils were tiny. They hadn't grown at all in between the bright lamps of the corridor and the dimness of the bedroom. He smiled at me, a quizzical frown creasing his brow, and the spookiness was gone. He was just a guy after all. Maybe his eyes just didn't react as quickly as normally. 

Sure enough, as I smiled back I noticed that his pupils were now slightly bigger and I relaxed, leaning in to kiss him. I'd only just met him and yet somehow it felt as if I'd met him before. He kissed me in return, trailing his kisses down my cheek and onto my neck.

I grinned and closed my eyes, goose-bumps rising on my arms with the sensation of his lips. He sucked gently, making me giggle, and then drew my skin gently between his teeth, letting it go again immediately afterwards. It was an unusual but nice feeling, and yet I felt something else that I couldn't quite recognize -- I had the idea that his kissing was distracting me. 

Opening my eyes, I looked about the room to see if anything was different. 

My blood ran cold. 

Stood in the corner of the room was the reason for the odd sensation. I saw my own frightened eyes stare back at me out of tousled locks, lips slightly parted in surprise, and naked body gleaming in the pale moonlight from behind the curtains.

Where was William? 

Because he certainly wasn't in the fucking mirror.

I tried to steady my breathing but Bear's words kept going through my head: there are many stories surrounding that place -- and not all nice ones too.

I wondered how to get out of the situation and decided that 'any way I could' was probably the best answer.

"William, I need to go to the bathroom," I murmured as demurely as I could, pulling away from his embrace so I could see his face.

You're not going anywhere.

I stifled a squeak and felt my body tense up to the point where I was nearly trembling. He had said it without moving his lips; a sly, seductive grin played upon them and I noticed his eyes were completely black now.

Terrified, I tried to pull away again but his grip was like iron.

"Georgina," he whispered and even in the state I was, I nearly fell under his spell again, "Georgina, you're coming with me."

I shook my head, tears of fear forming in my eyes. "What are you going to do to me?"

He smiled wider, an almost sweet smile this time, and if I hadn't have been so afraid I think I would've fallen in love with him then and there.

"I'm taking you home."

I bolted. Throwing myself off the bed, I landed with a heavy thud onto the floor causing pain to flare up in my outstretched wrist as I stopped myself with it. I heard an irritated hiss as I scrambled along the floor to the door and suddenly, he was there in front of me -- no running, no jumping...he was just there. Grabbing me by the hair, he yanked me upright and I whimpered in fear and pain, my hands grasping at his hand, trying to make him let go. He threw me and I hit the wall, knocking the jewelry box on the dresser onto the floor and setting off the haunted, tinkling music as the lid popped open next to me.

Again, he was in front of me in an instant and had me pinned; my right arm was stuck awkwardly between my back and the wall and so by pressing his body against mine and holding my left wrist, he had me so that I couldn't move.

I shuddered in terror, wheezing and light-headed, as his right hand stroked the left side of my face and he smiled, leaning in and pressing his lips against mine as I struggled to free myself. It was like wrestling against an iron statue.

When he grabbed my hair once more and wrenched my head to one side, I knew exactly what he was going to do and yet, I still couldn't prepare myself for the terrible feeling that came.

As he bit into the delicate skin of my neck, a tingling sensation filled my chest which increased to a burning pain as his teeth pierced my vein. Immediately, I felt the fight or flight scenario take hold -- and as I couldn't run, I fought.

The harder I struggled, the harder the vampire bit down until it was so deep I thought he'd bite straight through my windpipe. I tried to push him away, my legs kicking uselessly as he hoisted me up into the air with one arm around my waist so that my toes were a few inches off the floor. Though the movement freed my hands, nothing I did seemed to stop him. I felt him begin to suck and immediately dizziness washed over me. I fought harder, fists beating at anything I could reach, until he cast me back onto the bed, holding me down once again.

Weakness overwhelmed me and my vision became blurred as his weight pressed down and he drank my life-force, so much so that I hardly noticed when the pressure lessened and he let go, his mouth still wrapped tightly around my vein.

Eventually, as my vision became shot with flecks of colour, he pulled away completely, staring at me with wide eyes and licking his red stained lips. I saw his little sharp teeth for the first time then but unfortunately, they were the least of my concerns. As his cock rose steadily, I knew what he was going to do to me next and had no will left to stop it.

He wasted no time, straddling me and driving himself roughly inside me with a grunt. I realized then that he must have only just killed before our first time and wondered briefly who it was, before he started thrusting with such force that I cried out.

And then something strange happened. 

I could feel my body start to respond. He smiled as he saw the change, placing one hand on my breast as my nipples hardened, and leaning forward to whisper in my ear.

"I told you that you were coming with me," he breathed as I panted, trying to stop the orgasm that I knew was going to come, "I've been hunting you for hundreds of years -- waiting until I knew for certain it was you I was looking for. A half-breed like me: half-human, half-vampire. We are the only ones who can feel desire in this way."

"No," I whispered with a shudder that was nothing to do with fear, as he kept plunging himself inside of me, "I'm nothing like you..."

"Have you ever looked in the mirror in the midst of passion?" was his return and as he climaxed, trusting as deep as he possibly could, my own climax smothering me in it's embrace, he shifted slightly and behind him I saw the silver pane of glass, empty but for a crumpled bed.