 The gleaming eyes of the hunter bored in to her prey, diminishing any thought of escape.

"You're mine!" She breathed.

Cleo's day had started just the same as any other.

She got up, had a wash, got dressed, had breakfast, let the cat out, and got in the car to go to work.

The weather was relatively sunny, despite the odd gray cloud here and there, but there were small puddles and wet grass, evidence of the downpour that came during the night.

Cleo was glad she kept her trench coat in the boot of her car, just in case.

She arrived at work in the timely manner she always did. Settling down at her small desk, she said hello to Marvin the Cactus, and set about her daily errands.

A few moments later, there was a dull knock on the office door.

"Come in." She called politely.

"Cleo? This is Sandra. She's new." Mark said, holding the door open for the new woman.

"I have to get back to work, I'll leave you ladies to it!" He added, smiling as he walked off.

The woman that danced in to her small office was gorgeous. Lithe and agile, with long blonde hair and big green eyes, she looked like she'd leaped straight out of Vogue magazine. Cleo blinked stupidly for a second before regaining her composure and offering her a handshake.

"Pleasure to meet you, Sandra." Cleo said, pasting a professional grin on to her face.

Sandra didn't take her hand, but instead smiled mockingly and snorted, "Yes, I'm sure it is. This office is a little snug for my liking, but it'll do. I'm afraid you'll have to move your things out of the way, and that ugly thing simply HAS to go!" She pulled a face, pointing at Marvin.

Cleo stopped short, hand outstretched across her desk, completely stuck for words. This blonde bombshell had waltzed in to HER office, taken over HER desk, complained about HER small, but fully functioning, space, and THEN insulted Marvin! All within the space of a few minutes!

Anger surged to the surface, which she had to swallow down with a hard gulp.

"Excuse me, Sandra, but who do you think you are? You have no right to come in to my office, on your first day no less, and demand things of me! I am your superior, not your slave! And please, show Mar... I mean, my Cactus, some respect. It was given to me as a congratulatory present on my first day here, and it's been with me ever since. If you're trying to make an impression here, it's not a very good one." Cleo said evenly, staring intently at Sandra, who was standing by the door looking around the room.

"Hmm... I'm sorry, what did you say? I was busy looking at this drab interior. It simply must be redecorated. And those photos need to go. They make the place look tacky." 

Cleo's face went bright red and she clenched her small hands in to tight fists on the desk. Never had she been so insulted, so annoyed, so... turned on...

This infuriating woman had wound her up so much that her body was beginning to react in ways that she didn't quite understand. Excusing herself, she made her way to the staff toilet to freshen up.

Bloody woman! Who does she think she is? Coming in to my office like that, expecting to take over the place like... like..."Ugh..." Cleo huffed loudly, splashing her arms and face with cold water.

She stared unseeingly in to the mirror above the sink, images of Sandra flooding her mind.

Her gorgeous light blonde hair, those penetrating green eyes, her long neck, luscious lips, soft hands and long legs came unwanted in to Cleo's head.

Even more unwanted was the memory of how snotty the awful woman was, and how horny it made her.

The door was locked: Privacy was something Cleo found second to none. Her pussy began to pulse with want. "Damn it!" She chastised, "Why? She's awful! Why am I getting fucking turned on? This is ridiculous!" Before her brain could catch up, she'd hitched up her skirt and rammed her hand inside her underwear.

"Fucking woman!" She snarled as she rubbed herself, face flushed with exertion.

"The first time I touch myself, and it's in a toilet, over a horrible woman who doesn't deserve it! What the fuck am I doing?!"

The intensity grew and grew until, finally, her body exploded in an anger filled orgasm. Shivering, she held on to the sink for support until her climax subsided.

Once she had better control of herself, she felt... different. Better. Powerful, even.

Her face was a little flushed, but now from orgasm rather than anger, and there was a glow around her, like her entire body had changed through the orgasm. Had her hair and fingernails grown?

She looked at herself thoroughly in the mirror. There were subtle changes to her skin, her eyes seemed brighter, and had they changed colour?

Cleo shook her head. She must just be getting post orgasm beer goggles... or something.

After a quick clean up, she headed back towards her office. When she got there she couldn't believe her eyes.

Sandra had completely rearranged Cleo's office. Her things were boxed up, with Marvin sitting haphazardly atop her stuff, looking rather sorry for himself.

Her desk had been pushed to one corner of the office, with her chair pushed under it. Sandra had somehow managed to get a hold of some baby pink paint and had grabbed two of the guys from the second floor to paint the wall on the one side.

Cleo lost it.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?"

"Oh, there you are. I was starting to wonder if you'd gone home for the day. Not that I'd mind. It would make redecorating much easier."

"You... What did you just say?"

"You heard me." Sandra retorted cattily, "In fact, just leave. You're not needed here today."

Cleo blanched and muttered under her breath before storming in to the Manager's office without bothering to knock.

"Mark! What on Earth is Sandra doing with my office? She's taking it apart! And on top of that, she told me to go home!"Cleo yelled to the office, without even checking who was in.

Mark sat in his office chair, two executives opposite him.

"Cleo, I'm in the middle of an important meeting. Your intrusion is completely unprofessional, please leave! Go to the staff room and I'll find you when we're finished." He replied rudely, before apologizing to the executives for the intrusion.

Cleo left the office, closing the door behind her. Dejected, she made her way back to her office and collected her belongings before heading to the staff room.

Sandra was so busy ordering people about she didn't even notice Cleo come and go.

"I'm sorry, Cleo."

"Fuck you, Mark. This is bullshit, and you know it."

"There's no need to... Never mind." Cleo had pinned Mark with an icy stare.

"Why didn't you just tell me when I got here, instead of making me wait until now?"

"I wasn't sure which way the executives would go. It wasn't one hundred percent until they introduced Sandra to me. I didn't want things to happen this way, that's why I was holding that meeting, to try and persuade them to change their minds, but then you barged in..." Mark trailed off.

Cleo bent down to pick up her box of belongings and Marvin and walked out of the building with her chin high. Some people stared, others deliberately looked away.

Fuck you all! I'm better off without you.

When she reached the car, Cleo sobbed.

That night, no matter how hard she tried, Cleo couldn't sleep. Misty had curled up atop her cat tower and was snoring lightly. Marvin the Cactus had a new home on her bedroom window sill.

The soft glow from the bedside lamp cast a shadow across the room, making the light dance and the room look mysterious. 

Suddenly, the whole room seemed to grow lighter, as if it were midday rather than midnight. Cleo felt uneasy as the lamp on her beside table became surplus to requirements. She clicked it off.

Misty seemed oblivious to the change in light, and continued snoring happily.

Cleo jumped out of bed, and found herself kneeling on top of her chest of drawers on the opposite side of the room.

"What?" Cleo looked around startled. "What's happened to my voice? To me?" She asked, listening to the new bell chime in her voice. A raging hunger engulfed her entire body, and at that moment, she needed to find something to eat.

In a split second, she was demolishing the contents of her fridge, but nothing cured her hunger. It grew and grew until she couldn't take it any more and she had to leave the house.

Once she hit the street, an intoxicating smell took over her. She closed her eyes and honed in on the scent. Before she knew it, she was thirty feet away, looking down from a tree branch, watching a young couple copulating in the park.

Her eyesight was razor sharp, and with her new eyes, she could see everything as though it were day.

The young man, must be in his late teens early twenties, was naked on top of a young woman of a similar age. The woman's face was visible from this angle. Her dark hair splayed out behind her, and her eyes were scrunched shut as she moaned with pleasure. Cleo hadn't realized until now that she could hear the man's heavy breathing, even though she shouldn't be able to from this distance.

Truthfully though, it was a put off.

Cleo had always preferred the soft skin and radiance of women, not that she'd acted upon it until earlier. Tonight she did. Watching the woman's ecstasy below her made her wetter than she'd ever been. She fingered her clitoris, realizing that she'd left the house in her nightshirt and nothing else.

Her clitoris was huge, and her fingers felt good. She came quickly, but her hunger increased with it.

Launching herself from the tree, she landed on top of the man and wrestled him off the woman. It happened so fast that the man was dead before the girl even noticed. After throwing his corpse in to a nearby lake, Cleo returned to the woman, who was just beginning to understand that her lover was gone.

Cleo lay gently on top of her, looking deep in to her eyes.

"Please... don't hurt me..." She pleaded.

"Why would I hurt you?" Cleo purred.

The girl stuttered... "Y...Y...You j... just killed my b...boyfriend..."

"Yes, sorry about that. He was just not doing it for me. He panted like a sweaty bull dog. You, however, smell amazing, and I'm finding myself wanting to taste you..."

With Cleo's eyes boring in to her, the girl felt herself becoming calm, wanting her in a way she'd never wanted a woman. She lay her head back and spread her legs wide.

Cleo smiled and slid a finger inside the girl's vagina.

Pulling her cum covered finger to her mouth, Cleo sucked it hungrily.

"Yum. You taste good." She smiled, before lowering herself and placing her head between the girl's legs.

This was the first time she'd been up close and personal with another woman's vagina. It smelled amazing, and looked even better.

Even though she was new at this, Cleo was sure about what to do.

She tested the girl's reaction by gently flicking her tongue on her clit.

A soft groan sang in Cleo's ears, and she smiled wickedly before continuing.

The girl's climax was imminent. Cleo moved above her, continuing to finger her soaked pussy. With a clench, the girl's vagina squirted, and she climaxed loudly. Cleo's hunger surfaced, and she kissed the girl hard. A pink essence was sucked from the girl's mouth, and after a few seconds, she too was dead.

Cleo's hunger diminished as quickly as it had started, and with it, her memories of the night returned.

She looked down at the empty corpse of the girl she'd just fucked and wept.

"What am I?" She cried.

Hearing police sirens, she grabbed the corpse and threw it into the lake, before leaping back in to the tree. It was only then that she caught glimpse of the cop car, which was all the way on the other side of the park going down the motorway.

With a relieved sigh, Cleo headed home.

The following week was torture.

Every night, Cleo went out and fucked women of different ages before sucking the life force out of them. Her powers had grown, but so had her self-hatred.

That was when she got the call.

Sandra had called Cleo to offer her a job as her assistant.

She decided that, despite their first day disagreements, it was only fair to allow Cleo the chance of being "part of the team", as she'd put it.

More like you need a dumb skivvy to do your filing and make cups of coffee. Cleo thought.

I wonder if the rest of the "team" are sick of her stupid ass yet?

Cleo thought back to that day last week in her office. That damn woman was the reason Cleo was in this mess. She hated her, yet she wanted her. So much so that her pussy ached just hearing her snobbish voice.

"You know what, Sandra? I'll take that job." Cleo smiled to herself.

"I thought you might. I gathered you didn't have anything else yet. I suppose we'll see you tomorrow then?"

"Bright and early!" Cleo chirped.

"Good. Leave the plant at home!" And with that, Sandra hung up.

Bitch!

What Cleo had in store for that pompous, arrogant cow was going to be the cherry on top of her murder formed cake.

The following morning, Cleo arrived promptly at the office building. She smiled broadly as she made her way to her... err, Sandra's office. She'd even remembered coffee and breakfast muffins.

Low fat, heaven forbid the bitch gets fat.

She knocked on the now gold office door. The shiny nameplate on the door caught Cleo's eye.

Cassandra Mallard: CEO

Well, the cow's done well for herself. Cushy. Shame the office is so small. Cleo snorted.

Upon command, she entered the room.

Two of the walls were pink, with certificates and rosettes hung across them. The small window had a fancy gold blind, which complimented the gold petal wallpaper that created a feature wall. Cleo's desk had been removed, probably chucked it first chance she got, and was replaced by a modern glass thing that showed Sandra's long, hair free legs.

"Morning Sandra!" Cleo chirped merrily.

"Yes, you're very observant. Ah, you remembered my breakfast. See, you're already more useful to me than the first day we met. Put it on the desk. Your new office is just to the left outside my door. I will contact you if I need anything. Take these sheets and photocopy them, would you, dear?"

Cleo took the sheets and left the office. She knew exactly where her "office" was. It was the janitors cupboard when she was here. She went to it, and inside sat her desk and her old chair. There was no window, but someone had been kind enough to leave a pot of white paint in the corner for her, so at least that was something... She was just looking around for a place to put Marvin when she saw the note:

Cleo,

Do not, under any circumstances, bring that horrid plant in to this office. If I see it, it will be thrown and you will be fired. Understand?

Sandra

xx

Well, at least she gave me kisses. Aren't I lucky?

She went to find the photocopier.

Work, as a whole, wasn't too bad. If you ignore all the snide comments and complaints Sandra made:

"My coffee's too weak. I wanted these in colour. No, not those, these. God, you're incompetent. Where is my cucumber sandwich? Why is there butter? I said NO BUTTER! What do you mean the woman put it on any way? Why didn't you stop her? Oh, fuck sake, just get out!"

Even with Cleo's new found strength, Sandra exhausted her.

Not much longer. Just tolerate the crap for now.

Cleo smiled wickedly all the way home.

For the next few months, Cleo put up and shut up. She still went out every now and then to satisfy her hunger, but on the whole she worked and relaxed. She found she didn't need sleep any more, which was an unexpected bonus, as it gave her more time to plan.

Sandra always called Cleo in to the office on a Friday evening to ask her to do some overtime.

This Friday, Cleo was ready.

Sure enough, at six in the evening, Cleo gets an internal call.

"Come to my office."

What? No hello? No how are you? Fine then.

Cleo sauntered towards her CEO's office.

"I need you to stay over tonight. I'm assuming since you have no partner, children or friends that this won't be an issue. If it makes you feel better, I have to stay too, as I have a tonne load of work to complete ready for Monday's meetings. You have scheduled those, haven't you? I wouldn't want to think someone's coming in and then you've messed up yet again." Sandra rambled on and on.

Cleo had switched off. She wouldn't be needing a schedule for next week.

"Ahem... Hello? Cleopatra! Are you listening to me?"

"Hmm, oh yes. Sorry. Of course I'll stay. As you said, it's not like I have anything else to do. Would you like me to bring you more coffee? A sandwich?" A broom for your ass?

"Coffee would be fine, as long as you make it properly."

Cleo smiled even harder and left the office.

Tonight was all set up. Tonight, that bitch was going down.

With Sandra tucked away in her pink room, Cleo checked the time and made a call.

Upon demand, she brought forward her hunger, and with it her even more super powered senses.

Coffee mug in hand, she knocked gently on Sandra's door.

"Yeah."

Cleo waltzed in and tripped over the fluffy white rug, spilling coffee all over herself and Sandra.

"You fucking moron!" Sandra screeched, bolting from her chair and quickly removing the scorching hot garments.

"I'm so sorry! I tripped!" Cleo whimpered, pointing to her banged knee that she'd just whacked off the glass table.

"You better be sorry! I swear, if you didn't have some uses, I'd have you fired... Again!"

With that, Sandra sulked out the office towards the staff rest room.

When she returned, Cleo had removed some of her clothing, and one garment was torn to shreds.

"What the hell happened to that?" Sandra asked, pointing to the torn clothing.

"Caught it as I tripped. I was checking myself over, when it just tore off in my hands!"

"Fucking klutz. You want to watch what you're doing. You could have broken something!"

"Thank you for the concern, but I'm fine..."

"I don't mean you! I mean the table or my framed photos!"

Cleo laughed loudly, much to Sandra's surprise.

"What the hell are you laughing at?"

"You're such a charming person. You care so much about others. I've never met a more loving woman in my life!" Cleo retorted, snorting.

"Are you fucking high? Seriously?! Have you been doing drugs in your office or something?" Sandra queried, looking at Cleo like she was an alien.

Still creasing up, Cleo put her hand on Sandra's shoulder to steady herself.

In one foul swoop, Sandra was on top of the glass table, Cleo hovering above her.

"What the..."

"Shush! Be quiet for once and listen to me." Cleo interjected.

Using her hypnotic eyes, Cleo bored in to Sandra's soul.

Sandra was strong willed, but so was Cleo, and after a few moments, Sandra was putty in her hands.

"I want to see you beg me to fuck you. I want you to tell me I'm the most beautiful woman on the planet, and that you're a worthless piece of shit!" Cleo whispered menacingly.

Sandra's eyes glazed over as she answered, "Please, Cleo, I need you. Please, fuck me. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. I'm a worthless piece of shit. Please, please, fuck me!"

Cleo smiled, triumphant.

"Nah, I want to play with you first..." And with that, Cleo bored in to Sandra's soul once more.

"You're in danger! There's a monster chasing you! You need to run away from me! GO!"

In a split second, Sandra's limp body jumped to life, scratching and kicking at Cleo to get away. Cleo moved off and allowed her to run.

"RUN, RABBIT!" Cleo bellowed after her. "I'll find you soon enough."

Sandra had no idea why she was suddenly afraid. All she remembered was being confused, then horny, then petrified. Was this Cleo's doing? Had that witch put a spell on her? She wasn't sure, but for whatever reason, she'd found herself hiding in a broom closet.
