 My first attempt at a sex story. First story in a series. Please feel free to offer comments or suggestions.

Thank you!

*****

Maureen strode down the halls cautiously, walking delicately as to not to disturb the freshmen, as they studied in silence. She snickered to herself. Who was she kidding? September, Wednesday night at Minnesota U? Let's get real here.

Whatever party they were at, whatever they decided to do, she crossed her fingers and prayed that they would just avoid McGuthrie Hall until her shift was over.

One floor down, three to go. As she climbed the stairs, her eyes darted for any loose contraband. It was her first year as an RA and the first time she was alone on duty. She didn't expect too much on a Wednesday night but then again, Minnesota University wasn't exactly known for always being a study hard kind of school.

She was a different student though; math major with a Computer Science minor, VP of the Religious Studies group and new Resident Assistant of the freshmen McGuthrie Hall. All as a sophomore too. Some may call her an overachiever but Maureen was proud of her accomplishments. They could have been jealous she balanced all of that with a boyfriend to boot. But, as she thought, as she crossed into the men's hallway of 2 West, maybe the boyfriend title would be empty soon.

Andrew was fine but seemed a little bit boring at times. Tall with a mop of hair, he loved being around her and cared for but he didn't exactly thrill her. Maybe it was the six-month slump. Or that she wished for a little more in the bedroom. Not that she could get more. She and Andrew were both virgins and that's what she wanted. But still, she thought, as she crossed into 2 East, he didn't exact fulfill her. She always wanted more.

Her 30C breasts trembled slightly in her tee, topped off by an RA name tag that was thrust forward. Her smooth, creamy skin contrasted nicely with her red Minnesota shirt that ended with her brightly manicured nails that gripped her clipboard tightly. Her hips danced lightly as she walked, her toned legs from years of swimming were snug in her jeans. Her body was damn fine, she thought to herself with a smile. Making her way to 2 South, her thoughts strayed to Calculus homework and other trifles when she suddenly heard a strange noise.

Pausing, her head flicked back and forth to ascertain the foreign noise. It came again, from Room 217 if she was correct. She crept towards the chipped door and leaned in. A muffled scream was coming from inside the room. She froze. What was the correct course of action? Call Public Safety or try to handle it herself? When she heard the scream again, all thoughts pointed toward action and she knocked on the door while pushing slightly on it. 

The door fell open, unlocked as she quickly surveyed the scene. Two beds, desks, chairs, television were revealed, as well as two naked people fucking. Wait what? Her vision was blurry and she felt dizzy. Oh God, two people were fucking on the bed right there. Not two feet from her and they weren't stopping anytime soon. The haze cleared and she could see every detail clearly. The guy was thrusting into the girl, his firm buttocks clenching in a rhythm. His tanned skin appeared lighter in the lower region as he fucked the girl. She was spread out, her nipples pointing straight in the air as her arms were stretched out behind her, tied to the metal frame with rope with a gag in her mouth. She stared at Maureen with wide eyes as his body rose and fell, his cock moving with blinding speed as he hammered home, picking up the pace. His loose, wavy black hair curled around his closed eyes as he moved, burying his face in her nape. His back shuddered and his ass tightened. Maureen knew at once that he was orgasming. She felt flushed and her clothes felt a little too tight as they hung on her. She wanted to run, wanted to dash as fast as she could and continue her walk through the building. Instead, she found herself drawn to the slack bodies in front of her. The spent freshman kissed the girl with a grin and picked his body off of her. His eyes darted to Maureen standing there frozen and he chuckled.

"Oh shit. Kristen, why didn't you tell me we had a visitor?"

He chuckled again. A small bead of sweat was working its way down his nose as he gazed at Maureen with a high of just having an explosive orgasm. His dark hair was an unruly mess. He had a beaded necklace that dipped between his pecs that was mixed with his curly chest hair. He sat there, drained and relaxed, unashamed at his member that was now dripping on his rug. Maureen knew who it was. One of Ryan's residents. His name was Pat Cooper and he was an unruly freshman. Most believed he was Hawaiian (they were wrong) from his relaxed attitude and dark skin. He smiled at Maureen, the gap between his front teeth winking at her. 

"I thought, uh, I heard a scream," Maureen stammered out. She had been seen. Caught in the situation where she should have had all the power. 

"That was me," Kristen said, or tried to say. It came out as a murmured mess and Pat laughed.

"Kristen, baby, what did we say about talking, hmm?"

Maureen didn't recognize Kristen but she was a cute, lean girl with small breasts with perky nipples that were still straight up in the air. Maureen found herself staring at her. Kristen's legs were closed together as she obviously was embarrassed by the whole ideal. However, her modesty did not stop Maureen from noticing the cum that was currently leaking from her. 

"Hey uh RA lady, what's your name," Pat gestured at her, "can we please have some privacy?"

Maureen felt like she was going to fall over. Her body was flushed, her clothes were clinging to her skin and she had a desire to cup her breasts, which were bouncing from her increased breathing. Technically, they didn't do anything wrong but Maureen didn't want her power to be squashed by an insolent kid. She tried to think of something to say, anything to get her out of there.

"Uh well, please just keep the noise down and remember Pat, girls cannot be in the boy's hall after 10:30."

"Sure, you got it," Pat said with an eye roll to accompany his remark. Maureen turned to go and felt Pat's eyes examine her backside as he followed her. She tried to not think of his penis swinging softly as he turned the lock shut once she was in the hall.

She gasped as she leaned against the wall. It was far cooler in the hall but she still felt heated to the core. She had never seen anything so, so raw before. She let out a soft moan as she closed her eyes as she recounted what she saw. Pat was like a machine as he hammered into Kristen, her attractive body being pummeled as his cock whipped in and out of her pussy. And to see him tense and explode inside her, to see cum overflowing like a volcano was enough to put Maureen over the edge recalling it. She needed to masturbate. Her breasts felt caged inside her bra that was tied around her beating heart. She was giddy running to her room, her key roughly being shoved inside the door as Pat's cock was in Kristen. But wait, she couldn't desert her post. She still had hours to go. She almost cried out in frustration. She was so horny but her brain was scolding her for choosing sex over responsibility. 

Reeling, she headed for the door leading outside. She would go crazy in the RA office. Some cool air would help her. 

McGuthrie Hall was referred to many as the island of residential halls. Built years ago when the officials needed an extra freshman dorm to house an influx of acceptees, McGuthrie sat against a wooded area, out of place except for a random academic house here and there. To be housed there was an unfortunate turn of luck. But at the moment, Maureen was enjoying the privacy. She strode in the grass, the moon refusing to light the way as it hid, shy behind a cloud. 

Her phone light helped her narrowly avoid a tree and her brain focused on other tasks instead of blind lust. She breathed deep, clearing her mind from unexpected episode. Pat is such a worm, she thought, how could I ever be attracted to that? She would need to have a talk with Ry-

What was that? A noise fluttered by, a moving of branches. A bat perhaps? Oh God, Maureen thought terrified, she hated bats. She instinctively covered her head and turned to head back. Time to leave, time to get inside now. A moan stopped her in her tracks. It was soft, barely audible and it sounded like the person was in pain. Maureen didn't want to start moving until she heard it again. No use in interrupting the noise by trampling through like a dumb animal. 

Her ears perked up, scanning, scanning the wooded area. There it was! A frustrated groan, distinctively male-sounding. She crept toward the noise, moved a branch until she was in an empty spot within the woods. Leaning against a tree, his hands placed on it, was a man. Staring, Maureen saw that he was naked. 

In the dark, Maureen could barely see his details but she could tell he was naked. The man moaned again, twisting in the night air as Maureen crouched down to hide. It was habitual instinct at this point. The wind was brushing against her feet, licking at her ankles. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. Two college kids fucking in a bedroom? Sure, why not. A man standing against a tree was a little different. His head was down, his shaggy black hair down to his shoulders. His fists were closed and pounding against the tree as his back trembled in supposed agony. Muscles bulging, veins popping, the man was lean and muscular. 

Maureen felt heat in her inner thighs, despite the September air. He was a god, carved from marble. His figure was impressive as he flexed. She licked her lips instinctively and wished that it would get a little brighter and for the man to turn to face her so she could see... it. As if on command, the clouds parted and the man was bathed in moonlight. He dropped to all fours, the top of his head pointing straight at Maureen. A growl escaped his lips and he shook. Maureen watched fixated, as he began to transform. His shoulder muscles rolled and bulged, growing in size. His back stiffened and began to grow hair rapidly. The hair spread to his legs and arms accordingly and became thicker, courser. 

His nails, which were digging into the dirt, grew longer and pointed. His feet and hands started to thrash against the dirt and began to become more wolfish. Maureen stood frozen, horrified at what she was seeing, yet a ripple of curiosity went through her. It was unbelievable, this man was a werewolf. The word entered her mind and she shook her head as if to deny it. No, this was ludicrous. But yet, the creature before her had an entire wolf body save the hairy, human-shaped face. Maureen started to back up slowly. She needed to get away, get out, do something. But like the scene that she walked into, her vision was obscured and she was moving away blindly. She backed up into a tree, her head hitting the trunk.

She cried out in pain and the wolf turned its head in her direction.

"Maureen?" it growled. 

Jesus Christ, it recognized her. Maureen looked at him but couldn't figure out the man. His face started to lengthen, along with his teeth.

"Get out of here!" 

Maureen wasted no time. She took off, hearing a howl behind her. She was running for the lighted building inside. She burst inside and ran straight to her room. Fuck RA duty, she needed to be alone in her room. She slammed the door and locked it quickly. RAs were given singles in case a resident felt unsafe and had to spend a night in the room. Andrew and Maureen had taken ample opportunity with that. She leaned against the door; a reminder of what that man was doing when she stumbled upon him. He had known her, somehow. Who was he? She didn't recognize the black mane of hair that coarsely covered his shoulders. She trembled despite the room temperature. Her breasts beat against her body, the desire to be touched becoming an all time high. She peeled off her shirt. Her white bra confined her breasts. She stared down, hypnotized by the mounds that thrust from her. 

Her hands went to them quickly, massaging them tenderly. At once, waves of pleasure trickled through her body to her sex. Unfastening the bra, she let her breasts burst out. God, she wanted to be naked. She needed to be naked and under the covers, and she needed it now. She stripped out of her jeans and socks and jumped in bed. The cool sheets felt calming against her warm body as she snuggled between the sheets. 

Her hands tingled with excitement. She couldn't wait to finger her dripping pussy but she wanted to delay the experience until she was past her boiling point. She breathed deep, letting her heartbeat settle. She wanted to go slow despite her body screaming for her clit to be touched. Her finger tips started to massage her neck and collar bone. Her skin was smooth and warm to the touch as her palms spread out to rub her shoulders and upper chest. She took a deep breath as she moved her hands to her stomach, avoiding her breasts. She would get to those later. Her stomach was trim as she placed them on her thighs. She dug her fingers in deep, moving her hands in circles around her upper thighs. She gasped as her finger traced the outside of her lips. God, she could already feel the orgasm bubbling up inside her. She wanted nothing more than to plunge her fingers inside her, to fill her up and then rub her clit with reckless abandon. Her toes curled at the thought. No, she thought, she wanted to make it last. She arched her back as her hands went to her breasts. 

Her hands were gently placed over the throbbing orbs. She felt her nipples spring up, rubbing against her palms, as soon as contact was made. She started a slow movement, each finger grasping her flesh as she worked her breasts. Taking the outside crease of her thumbs, she moved them against the nubs of her nipples a little harder and a little faster. She closed her eyes and groaned; a low guttural sound. God she needed this badly. With her right hand still massaging her breast, the left crept its way down her body until it reached her clit. Chills swept through her body at the mere gradual touch. Her middle finger curled inside her vagina, feeling the wetness inside her. Her index finger joined the middle and she began to slowly slide her fingers inside her slick hole. She squeezed her breast which sent shivers to her pussy. She moaned as she worked her fingers. Listening to the sound her wet pussy was making was music to her ears. Her knees rubbed together in concentrated pleasure as she picked up speed. 

She groaned as she lost herself in the pleasure of what her hands were doing to her. Her mind went back to Pat and Kristen slamming together in unison, as Kristen's hands pulled against her restraints, her nipples spiking as Pat's taut ass pounded her in frenzy. And that man outside! Maureen's head lolled as she moaned, thankful to have this privacy. He was an absolute beast, in more ways than one. She never got to see his cock. A stray finger went to her clit and started to rub in circles viciously as she imagined what he looked like with an erect penis. She could see him now, his shaggy hair in front of him as he stood facing her. His fists were balled and muscles tight as his cock tented forward towards her. The tip of his cock glistened slightly as he stepped towards Maureen. Her nipples were itching furiously as they were constrained instead her bra. Her right hand went to his balls as she started to gently massage his sac. The man moaned deeply as his hands started to work at Maureen's shirt. Her hand sneaked to his shaft as she tightened around his member. 

Maureen started to thrash in her bed as her orgasm hit. She came powerfully, her pussy climaxing over his fingers. She relished as waves of sensual bliss overtook her travelling throughout her body. She erupted, feeling her juices dripping down her fingers. A scream escaped her lips. Her cheeks were flushed she slumped in her bed. Her breathing slowed and she smiled. So much for RA duty!