 NOTE: This story features mind control worms getting in intimate places with women, if that's not your bag then you may wish to skip it.

*****

Ghostly echoes rang out through the weightless vessel. Phillips' plasma cutter glared in the sepulchral darkness and the time ravaged ship hull gave away. He stepped through the smoking hole and came into an open chamber, bathed in distant cobalt light, throwing a cool cast on the carvings inside.

"This is Phillips..." he checked in on his comms, "we hit the jackpot, captain. Definitely not a lost merchant. This is some xeno work. Old, too. Very old." 

"Very good. Wait for sweep teams." Captain Jelsur's voice came back in reply, her voice traveling easily through the oxygen rich air. "ETA one hour."

"Roger that." His hands were already drifting over the chamber's central object. Despite the alien nature of the chamber, what with its long winding serpents and worms along the pillars and macabre faces etched in stone, what his hands ran over was undeniably feminine. Yet inhuman. Jutting breasts filled up his palms, flared opulent hips invited the lingering touch of his fingers. The figure formed the top of the lid of what appeared to be a gigantic coffin.

With great effort, Phillips opened the sarcophagus and gasped at what was inside. A cosmic beauty, an immaculate reproduction of what was on the lid... but alive. 

Her skin was as dark as onyx, and yet highlighted with swirling tattoos, ancient designs that illuminated her tremendous curves. Massive and rounded breasts, standing like mountains of soft flesh, glowed in the dark from the swooping electric blue alien calligraphy that encircled her flesh. Her heavy voluptuous mounds rose in time to her breath and Phillips' breath caught in his throat.

His mouth salivated to her supernaturally lush curves and he coughed the excess drool back. The woman's eyes snapped open, revealing a pair of pale, fiery blue orbs. He stumbled back down the stony steps in surprise, his trembling hand reaching for his wrist communicator.

Long black fingers wrapped over the sides of the sarcophagus and the woman stood up in one fluid motion. The gigantic slopes of her tits stood out in silhouette, backlit by the chamber's eerie azure iridescence. Phillips lost his breath, paralyzed in admiration as he took in the curvature of her equally luscious ass, round and protruding, so well formed he imagined her cheeks could hold the stem of a wine glass between them. 

Her mesmerizing eyes bore into his own. "You will not cry for aid, mortal." She moved down the steps, her colossal ebony globes bouncing with tortuously erotic motion before his male instincts. Her beatific aquiline features haunted him in the dim, cold light.

"I... will not..." he repeated, his free thoughts receding before her irresistible pull, his eyes caught in between looking at her own and her jiggling assets. Her skin shined like polished obsidian, her belly sculpted yet smooth. From her luscious hips and taut belly his eyes roved up to the swooping curves and valleys of her thick and heavy breasts, their soft rippling as they careened to her step promising supreme tactile pleasure.

"I am Xela. You will lay before me and carry my will." She loomed over him and removed his helmet, her toned and sleek leg pushing down on his chest until his back was on the ground. "And then you will carry my will into others. I am Xela."

"Xe... la..." he intoned, as drool fell from his lips and his world became nothing but the blazing stars of her eyes and the sweet temptation of her ample curves.

"Yesss..." she moaned as she pried apart his suit, taking care not to destroy it for future deception. Chills ran along Phillips' back and arms as her voice plucked at his senses, sensual and slithering into his mind. Her smile was strange, her lips plump and glistening in the cold light, parted as if inviting him to imagine what they would feel like upon his mouth or further below.

His brain scrambled to fathom the seduction he had been pulled into. He felt as if he was observing his body from the outside, powerless to scream... powerless to fight. Anything that could compel one as completely as this creature couldn't be entirely benevolent.

Her cool skin glided across his body, and her plentiful breasts skimmed and squeezed against him. He wished she would press their silken roundness against him for longer. As she straddled him, he watched, mesmerized by the flow of tattoos between the rise of her breasts. Their unearthly blue glow and curved shape emphasized the sheer size of her voluminous midnight black orbs, their teardrop shape, their heavy fullness and the marbled nipples that begged to be sucked.

"I am Goddess of Lust and Death..." she whispered, her words like tantalizing drops of liquid silver around his ears. They filled his mind and when his hand grazed against the lush swell of her hip, all lingering thoughts of escape faded into the ether. "My lust, is for the soul. The death I seek, is of the free. My weapons are my children and every casualty is not a mind lost, but a mind reborn..."

Blood pounded in Phillips' head and he waited with light headed anticipation for her to lower herself atop his throbbing manhood. Her smooth belly writhed, the wet, shadowed lips below quivering to slake their desires upon his shaft.

"Mmhh..." she purred in the empty chamber, her wanton slit devouring Phillips' manhood. "You will be the first, the beginning of the end..."

Phillips grunted and bucked his hips up, desperate to quench the burning in his loins. He reached for the woman's mammoth black tits, hanging just above his face, until she pulled back away from his grasp, relishing her own pleasure as she arched her back. Her round mounds billowed and jiggled to her sharp intake of breath, and all his muscles strained as he fit his fingers around her silken flesh.

Her strong thighs and wide hips rode him viciously. All reason had been driven from him once he had felt her bountiful melons bounce against his palms, her copious breast flesh flow through his fingers, his hands bright against the abyssal darkness of her complexion. He felt her powerful heart thunder through her swinging bosom, and relished the soft kisses on his lips, her undulating belly against his hard stomach like a warm serpent.

"Give yourself to me, and become like a god!" she moaned, her heavy breasts pressed against his face. Phillips stiffened and his body screamed in ecstasy as he buried his seed deep in her womb. With each pulse, tremor and throb he gave everything he was was to her.

Old memories of old girlfriends crystallized and broke. The daughter he gave that one hooker on Seti IV flowed as surely from his remembrances as did the loyalties to his crew. Xela had given him death.

But she had also given him life, a rebirth.

The last he felt before darkness claimed him, was the strange, pleasant sensation of slithering along his manhood. 

Xela's weapons of war.

***

The recovery of the alien vessel went without a hitch, the sarcophagus found closed and Phillips found as healthy as ever. All were busy with the find of the century, giddy with the prospect of fame and riches, never knowing they walked in the long shadow of humanity's end...

Science officer Shannon McCray was absorbed in the metals recovered from the derelict vessel. Under the magnification of the telescope, she could see the molecular structure was more akin to something organic than any identifiable metal or mineral in the galaxy. When she cut it with her laser scalpel, an immune response was provoked, sealing the wound within moments.

The thing was pliable yet hard, like calloused skin and held up to all manner of temperature treatment. She took her eyes away from the scope and giggled hysterically. This was the discovery of a lifetime. Something that would revolutionize how the Company built ships forever. Yet, what made her giddy was the money.

The crew was going to be rich. No more scavenging in the darkest and dimmest ranges of space, trillions of miles from home. She might even be able to fund her own expeditions. A whole company even, no more putting up with barely functioning airlocks, busted cooling pipes and recycled air systems that made the whole ship smell like sweat and cigarettes!

She had become so lost in her fantasies, that she did not see the harbinger of eternal darkness that had entered her room. "Look at me." the creature said and Shannon pulled away from the microscope immediately. Her heart pounded and a strange thrill teased down her spine, compelling her to turn her chair around.

"Oh..." she breathed, her blood running cold as she beheld the star eyed, void skinned beauty before her.

"Look into my eyes." the alien said and took a step forward, her wide and round breasts bobbing to her stride.

Shannon made an incoherent sound of confusion and excitement. Goosebumps ran along her arms and her eyes dilated as she beheld realms of endless azure within the creature's soulless gaze. Take off your clothes, echoed a command within her thoughts. 

The science specialist sighed as she felt an inner need to obey this majestic being, but something was off. She had not looked into the goddess's eyes long enough and her mind was still her own. Her will was sluggish, but still free.

Take off your clothes, it repeated.

Shannon's head lolled down, away from the alien's cold stare, long enough for reality to sink in. Strange things writhed beneath the alien's smooth belly, moving in around her pubic mound with predatory impatience. "What... is this..." she slurred, trying her best not to look in alien's eyes again despite the intoxicating rush it gave her.

Take off your clothes and become one with me. Shannon shuddered in delight and shook her head, as if the invasive thoughts might somehow tumble out.

"No..." she uttered, taking all her strength to even form the words in her mouth. She heard the voluptuous being make a disturbing hiss-like sound at her defiance. Shannon looked up just in time to catch the full chested and night skinned beauty dart forward with impossible speed.

She screamed as the statuesque alien pinned her by the arms and tore down the front of her pants. The goddess's huge alien breasts leapt and bounced against each other as she finished tearing away Shannon's outer fabrics with violent efficiency. Her pink panties were left exposed, moistened by the foreign pheromones exuded by the strapping and curvaceous creature. Shannon gathered air to scream and her will to push against the insatiable woman, and was defeated on both accounts when the dark woman's lips locked on hers.

She felt her pussy rub against the wet lips of her attacker, bucking her hips when she felt something hot and slick slide against her. When the alien pulled away, Shannon looked down just in time to see a glowing blue worm uncoil from her slit, skimming against her bare thighs, tasting her untouched flesh with a pleasurable tickle.

Shannon whimpered to its touch and felt a nervous shiver run through her body. The thing was wondrous yet horrific, moving with sinuous grace and dripping with the juices of its mistress. Its excited twitches as it extended itself ever nearer to her lower lips made her heart pound, enslaved to a sense of erotic inevitability that she was too enthralled to refuse.

Accept your doom human, voiced the mind command, and know the ecstasy of peace. Shannon loosed an aroused sigh at the alien's luxuriant and sensual voice. The voice was like warm honey poured over her ears, easing her stress, breaking down her defenses for what was to come. 

Shannon's eyes widened in awe to the thick worm pushing the alien's labia outward as it squirmed forward. Fitful gasps burst from her lips as she stared on, petrified and burning with anticipation as the creature suddenly shot forward. It tore through her panties, hooking the women together with frightful ease. Shannon bit her lips and jerked helplessly in her chair as the wet tendril burrowed its head inside her, slithering and stimulating her with muscular peristaltic motions.

Shannon gasped and her eyes rolled in the back of her head as the worm muscled in, merciless in its primal purpose. Spikes of pleasure shot through her sensitive pussy, and she felt strange tingles when the tail of the worm finally left the alien goddess and smacked against her upper inner thigh. It left a smear trail behind that had the effect of numbing her skin as it made one final push inside her.

Xela smiled. Her eyes glinted with malevolent satisfaction as she watched more of her 'children' slide from her tight pussy and land on her hyperventilating victim. Xela brought herself closer to Shannon, until their vaginal lips touched. She sighed with sexual euphoria, feeling her colonizers pass from her womb and force themselves straight into the human.

Shannon convulsed at the nervous overload of having so many worms enter her at once. She was so overcome with heavenly ecstasy that her body paralyzed itself in sexual shock. More electric tingles danced along her skin and the young scientist whimpered in fear and pleasure.

"Relax, child. You are being colonized. They are bonding with you right now. Changing you." Xela reached across Shannon's writhing belly and cupped her bouncing breasts.

"Why?" Shannon gasped. "Please! Stop! I can't... don't want this... feels... too... good!" The science officer could not mistake the dark fervor in Xela's voice, the sheer joy of taking Shannon into sexual oblivion. To have her remade, a perfect slave, removed of everything that made her who she was.

Her hips thrashed against Xela's lush form, utterly helpless to resist her impending corruption and lost in delirious, gasping arousal of her inescapable destiny. She found no respite or calm in the goddess's cosmic blue eyes, her gaze unsettling as it was seductive, the swaying valleys of her jutting obsidian cleavage mesmerizing in their size and hypnotic movement.

Xela groped Shannon's breasts and grinded against her pussy, moaning her dark euphoria into the small cabin. "Hush, mortal. You and the male are the foundation for my new empire. Together, you will be perfect. Together, you will raise others into the perfection I have gifted you."

Shannon only managed a few utterances before Xela fell to her lips, overcome with the pleasurable tingling of the worms as they embedded themselves within her flesh. "I don't want... oh... oh... nooooo..." she sighed softly to the erotic elation that had fallen over her mind like a heavy fog. When Xela's lush lips met hers once more, the final worm flowed up her throat and down Shannon's.

Nothing would stop her from becoming Xela's host now.

The worm's numbing fluids enabled it to invade the young woman's orifice effortlessly. For the rest of the night the two stayed locked together, their legs intertwined like old lovers. All the while, Shannon's soft gasps, whines and moans of valiant struggle slowly leveled off into silent acceptance. Her modest breasts plumped up over the hours, rivaling her goddess's titanic and luscious breasts, until her body was a more human reflection of Xela's hourglass shape.

When she next woke, Xela was gone, but the worms still lingered. Inside her. Moving, slithering and becoming one with her. Teasing and tantalizing her, changing her more profoundly than she could possibly imagine. 

She was reborn. Advanced. Inhuman. She couldn't wait to spread her Goddess's gift.

***

As Shannon walked down the ship corridor to the safety officer's quarters she was prone to a whole battery of new sensations. She felt the molecular vibration of matter below her feet, she beheld new bands of color and smelt the specific DNA of various crew members through the recycled air.

She smiled as through her mind's eye she saw recovery specialist Phillips hold down medical officer Jen, cupping her screaming mouth as he sawed his cock into her yearning pussy. His pheromones had done much to incite her arousal but her will was strong and so her fear was great. Shannon watched the episode with fiendish anticipation and kept perfect step in the hallway.

Through Xela's mind link, she felt everything Phillips' felt. How his hungry hands felt up her soft breasts, half clothed by her torn open shirt. How his cock throbbed and the worm inside stirred, ready to launch itself inside the nurse's womb. And the pure satisfaction of colonizing a host with free will. He had fulfilled his purpose, just as Shannon would.

Through his eyes she felt him grow rigid and squeeze Jen's tits together as something heavy yet liquid shot forth from the head of his cock. Then she felt the 'child' of Xela, squirm up through Jen, making obscene and erratic movements as it made its passage up her love canal.

The nurse's body jerked and convulsed, overcome with pleasurable stimulation as the slug bombarded her with orgasm after orgasm. Throughout the woman's twitching, she could tell Jen had gathered her breath to scream in terror but instead a weak gasp of sexual satiation drifted from her lips. Already the 'child' had writhed into her womb and had begun the bonding process to her nervous system.

Shannon smiled. Yet another brought into Xela's fold across the vessel.

As she stepped through the safety officer's doorway, she smiled. Katrine was sleeping. As she knew she would be. With the silence of a stalking panther, Shannon walked up to her ship mate's bed and stealthily eased herself onto her mattress. Her soft hands traced down the voluptuous and robust woman's arms, down to the strong curve of her thick ass.

Shannon loosed an erotic sigh as she willed the some of the newborn worms stewing in her stomach to stir and awaken. A fresh host was nearby and the woman trembled with anticipation as she felt her 'children' writhe and squirm with a new mania, also eager to conquer untamed flesh. 

As Shannon wore only a figure clinging t-shirt, her worms slithered out of her swollen and bare pussy with ease. The young woman grabbed her shipmate by the breasts and cooed when she felt her hardening nipples through her shirt. As her squirming children crossed the space between the two, she pulled Katrine's sweatpants down just a tad and revealed the soft and supple white globes of her ass cheeks.

The worms jerked forward with obscene excitement at the exposure of unconquered flesh and quickly glummed onto her peachy buttocks. Some traveled around her waist while others went in between her juicy cheeks like an organic g-string, all aiming for her vulnerable pussy.

Katrine mumbled in her sleep and a slight pang of fear erupted within Shannon. Just wait a little longer, stay quiet until it's too late... thought Shannon, her fiery blue eyes wide and fanatical. She watched intently as the slithering shadows retreated into the dreaming woman's folds, leaving slight slime trails across her creamy skin.

An exquisite moment of silence passed before Katrine exhaled deeply and her breathing became more labored. Her body stiffened and the plump hemispheres of her ass cheeks clenched together. They were inside at last.

Inside her dreams, Katrine felt an impending sense of dread she was helpless to stop. It was there yet not there, like an icy breath along her neck that just proved to be the wind. Every time she examined this feeling it went away but now... the presence was palpable, almost as if it was inside her.

Her dreamscape had become more vivid and realized, as if it was someone else's dream and someone else's feelings. Feelings of arousal, like a blinding white fire in her pussy that grew hotter by the second and reached more into her body with each passing moment.

She wanted to come. Across a barren and alien land she watched two blue moons rise in the sky. Moons that turned into eyes. The faces of Phillips, Shannon and even Jen flashed behind the eyes before settling on a woman she didn't know, onyx skinned and vaguely human with an luxuriant voice that brimmed with desire itself.
