 I listened carefully to the homeless guy's breathing as he slept under the stained, stinky tent. Yes, ragged and slow...in this cold winter weather he wouldn't last the night. I was sure of it.

I pulled out the chalk and drew the protective circle around the tent. It was difficult to get a proper circle due to how close the tent was to the wall of the alley but I did my best, making sure the line had no breaks. When I was done I pulled out the lighter fluid and doused the tent with it.

I spoke the words. I had memorized them from the book. It was time. I pulled out the matchbook and struck the match. I held the flickering flame before my eyes. It danced, seeming to yearn for the meal before it. Could I do it? Take a man's life? Well, I assumed it was a man under the tent. What if I was wrong, and he was going to survive the night if I didn't...? I looked to the stars, easily seen on this cold and clear night. What should I do?

The choice was taken away from me as the match burned down to my finger. Reflex caused me to whip my hand back to remove the source of my pain. The match flew forward and down. The tent easily caught fire in an almost cartoony "fwoomp" sound. It was too late to go back.

The homeless guy never made a sound. He might've been blitzed on something, or the surprise of being burned alive might have just given him a heart attack and he died quietly. I waited...nothing.

I felt sick. The light from the fire danced off the alleyway walls and, fearing that I might be seen, I quickly fled.

Blocks away from the murder I had just committed - was it murder if I accidentally dropped the match? - I stopped in another alleyway and barfed. After a few minutes my brain finally calmed down and I thought about the spell. No demon had appeared. I spoke the words correctly...I had dedicated that death and that bum's soul to the summoning...what had gone wrong? It made no sense.

I went back to the street and realized that I had wandered near Monday's place. His name wasn't actually Monday, it was Garfield, but Garfield the cat hates Mondays so the nickname stuck. He should feel lucky he wasn't nicknamed Lasagna.

Anyway, Monday was my supplier. After a night like this I needed to calm the fuck down, so I rang his bell, spent 5 minutes in his stinky apartment, bought $20 of pot from him and hoofed it home. Oh, look what I wrote there...hoofed...ha. Don't worry; you'll get it in a moment.

It was 4 AM by the time I got back to my apartment. Nobody was around to notice, thankfully, or they might have wondered what a nice guy like me was doing coming home so late. Yeah, I'm one of those guys that neighbors get interviewed later and say, "He was such a nice boy...nobody expected this from him."

I closed my apartment door behind me, and then froze. Something was wrong. My eyes scanned the dim light of the room, searching. There...someone was in my La-Z-Boy. I could see...bell bottoms? And...small round lift shoes?

"'bout time," said a sultry female voice. The figure rose from the chair and stepped into the light of the entryway.

She was the most female being I'd ever seen. The first thing I noticed is the leather half top she was wearing, the tops of her breasts spilling out over the low cut hem. The half top tapered down to a slim waist, then expanded into sexy hips that many women would kill for. Her jeans clung to her like a second skin right down to her knees, and then belled out to her feet. What I had assumed to be shoes were actually...Oh God...hooves?!

I looked up from the woman's gorgeous body to her face as it came into the entryway light. She had straight ash blond hair spilling down to her shoulders, and a headband with peace symbols keeping it in place. She was absolutely beautiful and I realized that she looked like Janis Joplin, a singer from the 1960's...well, Janis Joplin at her most beautiful and if she had been given a crapload of plastic surgery, not to mention a reddish tinge to her skin.

Then I noticed her horns, one on each side of the top of her forehead, poking out just a little above the headband. Finally my eyes locked on hers and I was lost.

She walked toward me slowly, purposefully. "Stupid little mortal...your protective circle was imperfect. I received the soul sacrifice but you have no power over me." She was in front of me now. I could do nothing but gape; her red eyed gaze held me fast. I could smell brimstone.

"Now you shall join your victim, with a single kiss," she drawled.

I had summoned a succubus, a female demon that stole men's souls through intimate contact! I couldn't do anything but lean forward as she beckoned. I was going to die! Why couldn't I do anything?

Sniff.

My lips were puckered and waiting. She was only inches away. Would it hurt?

Sniff sniff.

And...I was still waiting.

"Is that...ganja?"

"Uh?" My brain wasn't properly connected to the rest of my body. Why wasn't I dead?

She started to pad my coat, searching. She pulled the plastic bag of weed out of my inner pocket. "Oh My doG, I haven't had this in decades!" she exclaimed. She snapped her finger in front of my face and I was myself again.

"Light it up, man! Let's get this party started!" She opened the bag and took a big sniff. "Right on!"

She started to rifle through my desk drawers. Though I could move again, I was still dumbfounded by this...demon...in my home. I could see a long, red, barbed tail coming out from her jeans a bit above her nicely formed ass.

She turned back to me. "Where the fuck are your papers? I got the fire." She flipped me "the bird" and a small flame erupted from the tip of her middle finger.

Action now, think later, I told myself. I had a temporary reprieve, if I could keep her focused on the pot. "No papers," I said, "I have a volcano."

Now it was her turn to look confused. I went to the couch side table and uncovered my vaporizer, pulling one of its bag balloons from underneath. I held out my hands for the weed and she handed it over.

The succubus looked on, fascinated, as I ground up some of the pot, fed it into the vaporizer, hooked up the balloon bag and switched it on.

The balloon started to fill as the volcano vape whirred away. Within a few minutes it was full. I handed it to her. "Keep the end closed until you're ready to toke off it, then you just breathe the vapor in," I explained.

She looked at the balloon dubiously, shook her head and put the end to her mouth. She breathed in and held it. After a number of seconds she breathed out. "This ain't doin' shit, man. I can barely even taste it." She looked upset.

"Give it a minute," I said hurriedly. She toked again, harder, holding it longer. If she was human I would have told her to be sure to breathe more in between, otherwise...

She stumbled, coughing. Holy shit! She gorked herself! She held the bag out as she coughed and swayed, and I took it gingerly, then said what the fuck and took a big hit myself. If I was going to die I was going out fucked up.

The demon made her way unsteadily to the couch and dropped onto it. She looked dazed. "Far out, man! I can feel it hitting me already."

I sat carefully next to her, holding the vapor bag out. She took it and hit again. After a few minutes her eyes were half lidded and she was obviously in heaven...er, metaphorically speaking.

"Psychedelic! That shit is way stronger than back in the day. I'm fucked up already!"

I took another hit. We passed the bag back and forth until it was deflated. The succubus was looking at me in a strange way. I felt really uncomfortable all of a sudden.

I was no good at making small talk with women but I did my best. "Uh...so what's your name?"

"Ha! Nice try, guy, but I'm not giving you my real name...that would give you power over me." She reclined on the couch, bringing one leg parallel to the back of it. I suddenly had a great view of her jeans-covered crotch. Those jeans were tight...I could actually make out her pussy lips. Despite the danger my cock started to harden.

"Uh...so what do I call you? I'm Tom." I held out my hand.

She took my hand and pulled it, placing the flat of my palm square between her legs. Her hips started to rotate and I could feel the heat coming from down there. "Call me...Demie."

I don't know how my brain was still working by this point, but I asked, "You mean, like Demi Moore?" The pronunciation wasn't quite right.

"No, 'Dee-mee', short for Demon. Like you..." she pointed at me. "...'dum-mee', are short for 'dumbass'. Ha, Demie and Dummy!" She laughed.

I tore my attention back to her face. It had changed somehow, and her hair had darkened a bit. It took a moment, but then I realized she now had some of Demi Moore's features, combined with Janis'. Did she do that when I mentioned the actress' name? The effect actually made her more beautiful, and she had already been a knockout.

My attention returned to my hand on her crotch. She was really heating up down there!

She laid back and looked at me from between her legs. "So, mortal, what say we make a deal?" Her hips continued to roll against my palm.

"What kind of...deal?" It was very hard to concentrate...all the blood had rushed from my brain to my dick, which was straining at my jeans. "Will it cost me my soul?"

She tilted her head back. "Ha! I already own your soul, lost when you burned a man to death and failed to make a proper protective circle. No, this deal involves you and me." She reached down and unfastened her jeans, slowly moving the zipper down. My eyes were locked on her crotch as I moved my hand to make room.

My mind was stuck. She owned my soul? She fully unzipped her pants. Instead of awkwardly removing them, though, they shimmered and disappeared, leaving hot red panties in their wake.

"Wha-?"

"I am a shapechanger, mortal stud," she explained. "The jeans are me. All of it...me." To make her point, her half top disappeared and her bountiful boobs bounced free. The areolae were a rich red, as if they had been lipsticked, and her nipples were small but hard.

"What...what do you want from me?" I asked unsteadily as she sat up.

She got up from the couch and walked in front of me, straddling my legs with hers. The clip clop of her hooves distracted me and I looked down her legs. Not only were they unshaven, but there was a fair amount of fur on her lower legs, going down to her hooves. Strangely, it didn't detract from her sexiness.

She unzipped me with practiced ease and with an ungodly strength my jeans and boxers were off. My over 7 inch "Tommy Gun" was harder than it had ever been, and it stood up like a red rocket, ready for launch.

Demie's panties shimmered and disappeared and she climbed into my lap. "I want to stay here, with you, smoking and toking and enjoying everything this world has to offer." I could feel the heat emanating from her nether region as she brought it to the head of my cock.

I was suddenly very scared, though my cock didn't flag at all. "Wait...won't sex with you...kill me?"

She brought her face close to mine, flicked out a forked tongue and licked my lips. "No...just don't kiss my lips and you're safe. If you agree you will live, though you will be mine...there are advantages to this arrangement." Her pussy lips rubbed on the head of my cock.

It felt so amazing. I had to fuck her! "Yes, anything!" I responded.

"Mmm..." she moaned, sinking her pussy down on my cock, which was now harder than steel. A flaming heat surrounded my penis, almost unbearable, but extremely pleasurable as well.

Demie looked down at me as my face contorted from the pleasure mixed with pain. She rose up, then down again. We were only touching at the crotch. She was strong enough to keep herself upright and moving up and down without leverage. She repeated the move, again and again, speeding up and bringing me to new heights of pleasure.

I wasn't going to be able to last much longer. It had been 6 months since Laura had kicked me out and I had been on my own, and as I said, I wasn't very good at talking to women, so I was all backed up and primed to blow. One thing I did know, though, was how to pleasure women. "Slow down," I urged, grabbing her hips, "or this will be over too quickly."

She looked confused. "Is that not what you want, mortal?" She tried to lift up and I barely held her still using all my strength.

I looked up into her beautiful red eyes. "No, I want...for both of us to enjoy this. Just wait a moment."

She stopped at full penetration, our crotches together as one. She waited.

"Can I...put my lips on...other parts of you?" I asked. She nodded, amused. I took one of her candy apple nipples into my mouth and she gasped. My hand moved down to her clitoris.

She started to shake a bit as my finger found her love button and I manipulated it as my tongue swirled around her nipple. Her breathing quickened. My other arm reached down her hip to cup her ass. On the way it hit her tail and the unexpected contact startled me a little. It was unbelievable to think that I was having sex with a demon! No, I couldn't think about that right then! I quickly recovered and my hand cupped an asscheek, massaging.

I released her nipple and leaned back so I could have better access to her clit. Luckily Demie didn't start to resume her bouncing or that would have been the end for me. My finger was doing the trick...was I going to be able to make a demon cum?

Yes! Demie arched her back and cried out as her cunt suddenly gripped my cock, sucking on it like a professional hooker's mouth. I had no chance. I grabbed her hips and held on for dear life as she orgasmed and I fountained my semen deep inside her vacuum tube.

When I regained my senses Demie was off of me and back in her "clothes." My spent cock was somehow still hard, and covered with our mixed juices.

She gave my manhood an appraising look. "I will be back, mortal- Tom. You have filled me with energy and I feel the need for a walk around today's world. Oh, also..." Suddenly she became a lot less serious. "Can you get more ganja? That shit is bitchin'!" With that, she was out the door and I was barely able to stumble into bed before I slipped into unconsciousness.

-

Demie still wasn't back when I finally woke up, 16 hours later, or maybe she had been and gone. Did she need to eat or drink? I had no idea. I hit the web search but everything about demons was just folklore and bullshit. I memorized a few things, but nothing that would help me preserve my immortal soul.

I showered, left Demie a note, and then went to Monday's place to get more weed. If Demie was as much of a pothead as she seemed I'd need a lot of it. My mind wandered, the image of her naked and riding me popped into it, and my cock got hard as a rock. I adjusted myself for comfort and discretion and continued on, but it didn't go down.

Monday looked at me as I entered his apartment. "Hoolleee shit, Tommy! You sick or something?" He covered his mouth as if his hand could filter out germs. "You bringin' The Black Death with you?"

I flopped onto his grubby couch. "Just a bad..." I thought about it...was it really a bad night? I had killed a man and forfeited my soul, but now I had a nubile demon offering me sex. I amended my statement, "...a badass bitch." Not incorrect...not incorrect at all.

Monday parked his butt in his grubby recliner. "Oh yeah? Got a piece of ass, huh? Hope she didn't taint your man parts with cooch cancer."

Oh shit! Could I get some sort of demonic version of V.D. or crabs? I suddenly felt extremely itchy down there. No, it was just my mind running away on me! I replied, "Naw...I think she's safe." Her body was so hot - temperature hot - nothing bug-like could probably survive anyway.

We played some video games and then I headed back home after getting another $100 of weed. Demie still wasn't back and the note was where I had left it. Had I dreamt it all?

I had to work in the morning and was still pretty tired, so I watched Game of Thrones and went to bed.

-

I dreamt of my ex-girlfriend Laura that night, holding me, jacking my cock up and down. I woke up with someone in bed with me. I was still in a dream state.

"Laura?" I groaned. Then Laura's face was in front of mine in the dim light, smiling in that impish way she did when she was doing something naughty, like waking me up with a handjob. "Hey baby," I whispered. "I missed you."

"Sorry, meant to be back earlier," said Laura. "Too much fun out there. Mmm..." She clambered up onto me. I reached up and pulled her head down for a kiss.

"Hey!" she yelled, pulling back. "Do you want to die? I explained this, dummy." Her pulling back didn't stop her getting her extremely hot pussy around my cock, though. The hot pain/pleasure combo brought me right back to reality.

"Demie!?" I yelped. Laura's face quickly morphed, still sort of Laura, but also still part Janis and part Demi. Laura's impish grin remained, which quite suited Demie's infernal nature.

"You were having a groovy sexy dream so I thought I'd make it real...Tom." She had caught herself before calling me "mortal" again. The realization of that and what it might mean flew out of my head as she started to ride me, though. The pleasure was so intense!

She was getting a good rhythm going when I grabbed her hips to slow her down again. What would happen if I didn't please her during sex? Would she get bored and decide to end this agreement anyway?

"Lie down," I urged, rolling her to the side. She complied and I pulled out hesitantly. In the dim light her eyes glowed as she watched me.

I went down on her. I hadn't gotten a good look at her pussy before but even though the light was dim I could tell it was the most perfect one I'd ever seen! Her pussy lips weren't too large or too small, and I could find her engorged clit with ease. I licked at and around the nub. Demie gasped.

She had a full bush down there, which I guess was the style back in the 60's. I was fine with it. I pushed my index finger into her hot hole as I sucked and licked at her clit. She was gasping a lot now. I put a second finger into her, then a third.

Finally I extracted my fingers and stuck my tongue up inside her, stiffening it to reach the g-spot, if she even had one.

She did. "Uahh! Unhh!" she cried as she came, her body stiffening. Her pussy clamped down on my tongue and she gushed love juice. I lapped it up. It tasted like delicious spiced rum.

My cock was so hard it could mash potatoes by this point. I wiped my chin, lined up, and shoved all the way in, hard.

"Aahh!" she cried out. I started to ram her hard and fast. She was mumbling, "Oh doG, again..." And then she was cumming again, this time on my cock.

I was able to keep from cumming this time, but barely. I mashed our pelvises together, angling the head of my cock to rub against her g-spot. Within a few minutes I had her cumming again. As before, the incredible squeezing of her infernal insides demanded that I fill her up with my cum, and I did, with the biggest release of my life up to that point. I must have been spurting semen for a good 30 seconds.

I laid down on her ample chest, gasping for breath. When I had recovered I pulled out and fell back on my pillow. Then she was gone again, her swishing tail the last thing I saw. I had absolutely no energy left so consciousness abandoned me moments later. 

-

The alarm woke me way too early, even though I had given myself 7 hours to sleep. Demie's nocturnal visit had taken...how long? I had no idea. I felt like I hadn't even recharged a quarter of the way overnight. I played tag with the snooze button until I only had time to throw on some clothes and rush to work.

I work as a mid-level programmer for a run-of-the-mill video game company. I work on some of the graphic implementations in the games. Boring shit, and I barely need to concentrate to do it. That's good, as I didn't have the wherewithal to do a more strenuous job that day.
