 Previously, on I Dream of Demie:

Hi, my name's Tom. I killed a man to summon a sex demon from Hell. She loves to smoke my pot, so she spared my life, stays with me, and occasionally we have incredible sex.

Demie kills people, but she can make herself look (and feel) like any girl I want! But is it worth it?

*****

Five weeks ago...

Abe Sorensen walked into his apartment through the damaged front door. Goddamnit! The place was a mess. He quickly grabbed the phone and called the cops. As he waited for them he went over what was missing, moving through the apartment as he did so. His TV, his dead wife's jewelry...

A chill went up his spine. No...

He looked up. The boxes that had been stored at the top of his bedroom closet were gone. The book was in one of those!

Gone...he sat on the bed and held his head, shaking.

-

Today...

Detective Sergeant Dianna Shepherd was going through the criminal records of the missing people she had been assigned to find. Abe Sorensen, the third reported missing person, had had a break-in a few weeks prior to going missing. Was it related?

-

I sat there, on my new couch, the tip of my dick dripping cum in my lap. It reminded me of a few days ago, when I had been sitting in the same spot on my old couch, covered in shit and piss and cum. While today's surprise was less devastating than someone being murdered while I fucked them, it was still pretty fucking bad.

I had just had (hot!) unprotected sex with the sexy single mom, Erica, down the hall, thinking she was Demie. Okay, you're saying, and...? The kicker was she was ovulating and I had sprayed her reproductive system with a large amount of my seed.

Well, how was I to know? She had smelled like Demie, right down to the sulfurous brimstone scent, which she explained afterward was from the bad eggs from her fridge. I looked up at the ceiling.

"You have a terrible sense of humor," I said to God. He had to be listening, right?

And then Demie walked in through the front door wearing her human form, her face a combination of the dead 60's singer Janis Joplin, Demi Moore, and my ex-girlfriend Laura. That's where the resemblance stopped, though, as she had fantastic breasts that were big (but not too big), pushing out above a leather half-top, and a pair of painted on jeans. A pair of sandals rounded out the retro attire.

She walked through the door and her tail, which had just appeared with her horns and hooves as her skin darkened to a sunburned red, closed it behind her. She gave my still-hard cock an appraising look.

"Well," she drawled as she came closer, her clothing vanishing, "looks like you're ready for me."

She shoved me back lengthways onto the couch and I complied. She was way too strong to fight, and honestly I wouldn't turn this sexy beast down even if she couldn't rip me in half.

As she sank her hot, wet pussy down on my cock she gave me a piercing look that I recognized. Aw crap...

"You've had some fun while I was away, hm?" She started slow, bottoming out my cock in her hot cunt and pulling back up slowly, almost teasingly. "Fucker."

My cock was afire. The demon's pussy was always so hot, temperature-wise, while in her demon form. It hurt, but with being so turned on it was also pleasurable. Pain and pleasure can get so intertwined when you get all wound up.

She was still reading my mind. "Fucked the hot neighbor mom; nice. You thought she was me? Ha!" She was riding me faster now...it felt so good, despite having cum inside Erica just a few minutes ago.

Suddenly she grabbed me and quickly flipped us both over into the missionary position, my cock still embedded in her infernal vagina. After I caught my breath her hooves pulled on my butt cheeks, urging me to continue fucking her.

She looked up at me, her mouth twisting into the mischievous grin that belonged to my ex-girlfriend Laura. "You think you put a bun in her oven, dummy?"

My cock twitched. I didn't want to be a dad, but the thought that I could have impregnated Erica was so fucking hot. I continued to fuck the lustful demon, thrusting harder.

I felt a very light tickling sensation on one of my buttcheeks. Demie kept my attention by continuing to talk, her eyes starting to glow red: "And you thought you were teaching me a lesson? Me?!" She licked her sharp teeth.

Suddenly something pushed hard at the entrance to my anal sphincter. I yelped at the sudden intrusion and looked back. Demie's barbed tail had morphed into a red cock and was pushing into my ass! I didn't want this!

Demie grabbed my face and pulled it close to hers. I was going to die! I closed my eyes.

"Relax, Tom," she said softly.

I opened my eyes. Her face was still inches from mine. She wasn't going to kill me? She wasn't going to rape my ass?

She continued: "No, really, relax, or this is going to hurt like Hell."

Resigned, I did my best to relax. Once I did I felt the tail/cock pushing into my ass again, inch by inch. I don't know how, but my erection didn't flag at all.

She pushed my hips back with her hands so my cock pulled out of her almost all the way, then her tail thrusting into my ass pushed me back in. Pleasure and pain, pleasure and pain...

I wasn't even doing anything anymore. I was a meat dildo as she pushed and pulled me inside herself again and again. Her eyes continued to glow and she smiled at me as I let myself be used.

I could feel her pussy starting to grip my cock. At the same time I felt her tail shift a little, and then I could feel a manipulation of my prostate. As she started to shake in orgasm beneath me, my prostate gave up its contents and then I started to cum. Each wave of semen being urged from my prostate was sucked out of my cock by her strong vaginal muscles.

We cried out in orgasm together, and then I collapsed on top of her. Within seconds her tail shrank and fell out of my butthole. It felt empty; I was almost disappointed.

We stayed like that for a few minutes. This was odd, as Demie is a "love 'em and leave 'em" kind of woman. My head was still lying on her ample bosom.

She spoke, "You know, dummy, in Hell your ass would probably have been fucked almost continuously, and by larger cocks. Some of the incubus really like to rip open new meat." To punctuate her point her tail poked at my butthole again, though it didn't penetrate this time.

To say I was scared was an understatement. I waited, unmoving.

"Ha! I guess you could say that your ganja literally saved your ass! Ha ha haa!" My cock could feel her laughter through her stomach muscles, and it started to stir again.

"Mmm..." Demie moaned, feeling it. Her pussy undulated around my cock. I looked up...

...into Erica's green eyes! I looked down at Erica's hot, toned body beneath me.

Erica/Demie spoke, "Oh no, Tom! I think you might have gotten me pregnant!"

As I watched, her breasts slowly got bigger. I looked further down as her trim belly slowly filled out, getting rounder.

I was as hard as I'd ever been before. I started to move my cock in and out as I watched Erica's body slowly became more pregnant.

She continued, "I get sooo horny when I'm pregnant, Tom. Fuck me!"

I did, moving faster, pumping harder. Not too hard, as I didn't want to hurt the baby.

Wait, what? There wasn't actually a baby in Demie's belly. I threw caution to the wind, thrusting hard and fast as I fastened my mouth to one of her larger mammaries and sucked.

I was rewarded with warm liquid! After the initial surprise I realized it was not actually milk; I recognized it as the same spiced rum flavored sex juices Demie normally produced from her pussy. Amazing!

We switched to doggy style, as her belly was getting too big to comfortably continue the missionary position. I pushed my hard cock back into her and continued to ram hard.

I could feel she was getting close again, and so was I.

"Oh Tom, I think the baby's coming. Give me your cum!"

I did, imagining that I was shooting directly through her dilated cervix and into her womb.

When I recovered I pulled out and lay back on the couch. I was so tired all of a sudden...

"Tom! It's coming!" cried Erica/Demie.

"Wha-? I looked over at her. Demie/Erica had turned back over and a baby's head was crowning from between her thighs. I could see the red skin of its scalp.

I jumped up. What should I do? Where was the doctor?

The baby ripped its way out of her vagina with sharp claws and fangs. Blood spewed all up my body and the couch. Somewhere in the back of my mind I heard, "Not the couch again!"

The demon baby crawled toward me as I stared, aghast. It then stood up on two legs and looked right at me. Its horrible misshapen face, a combination of my and Demie's features, spoke:

"What the fuck are you looking at, dumbass?"

I screamed.

I was still screaming when I woke up, still laying back on the couch. I must have fallen asleep after that last round of sex. The demon baby had actually been part of the nightmare. I flopped my head back.

"I asked you a question, dumbass!"

I looked back down at my feet. The demon baby was standing right in front of me, still covered in blood! I screamed again, scrambling back up the couch, away from it.

And then the demon baby was laughing its ass off, morphing, getting taller, more feminine, and then Demie was there, still laughing.

I struggled to control my heart rate, breathing heavily. Was I going to survive this relationship?

-

A week ago...

Abe Sorensen closed the apartment door behind him and locked it. He hadn't felt safe since the break-in a month previous, so he checked each room before settling down in his favorite chair in the living room.

Then, after feeling as safe as he had felt in the last month, he realized he wasn't actually alone.

He stood up. "Who's there?" he called out.

What he had taken to be a shadow detached itself from the wall. Those curves...

"Demie..." he whispered.

Her eyes...those beautiful glowing red eyes transfixed him.

"Hello Abe," she said, matter-of-factly, approaching him. In the back of his mind he realized it sounded much like a woman would say hello to an ex-boyfriend for the first time after a breakup.

"Goodbye, Abe." She kissed the lips of the old man. His cock exploded in his pants as he died in pleasure. Demie moaned as she sucked his life force out through his mouth. As she finished Abe's bowels emptied, no longer held in place by living muscles.

As her former lover collapsed to the floor Demie licked her lips. Over 40 years late getting that one, but she had finally collected.

She got down on her knees, looking at the dead man's rictus of joy. "Enjoy your stay downstairs," she said to him. Then she unhinged her jaw, opening it wide, preparing to dispose of the evidence.

To be continued...