 Maureen opened her eyes. Her dorm room was warm and the sun peeked through the dirty dorm shades. Tranquility was in the air and Maureen shifted lazily in her sheets. She squinted at the clock, 7:02. She could afford five more minutes. Concepts of Mathematics didn't start until 8:15 after all. She rolled over and closed her eyes, letting the aura of sleep settle around her. Then it all came back to her.

RA duty. Pat and Kristen. The night air and a werewolf. Each memory hit her in succession like a row of cascading dominoes. Her toes clenched and unclenched at the thought of it. That man, er werewolf she corrected, who could he have been to recognize her? As if on cue, Maureen expected the man to burst in right now, to silence her for learning his dark secret.

In spite of herself, Maureen chuckled. She was leery of this nonsensical situation. She studied equations, mathematics, and computer science. Logic and the Bible were her tools and werewolves did not fit in either. It was a mere dream. A vivid, detailed dream. She threw off the covers, and gasped in surprise. She was completely naked with a faded stain right under her pussy. Her pussy twinkled in the light, shaved save a few blond hairs that were starting to creep up. She never slept naked and the realization hit home. She shook her head. Impossible. So she masturbated last night (the mere memory sent a little quiver through her), big deal. She masturbated last night because of the Pat and Kristen episode. But there was no werewolf. Not at all. She quickly grabbed her towel, sandals and shower gear and let the memory drop from her mind.

Concepts of Mathematics. Not a bad class per se but not one Maureen had much interest in. But it was a prerequisite for Calculus III, so here she was. She flopped in her seat, her bag dropping beside her like a limp bag of cement. She shuddered, goosebumps popping up and down her arms. Dr. Hannon insisted on keeping the room cold to "increase brain activity." Or to stop kids from dozing off. Her leg bounced up and down to get the blood pumping, her thin sweater material was doing very little.

"Hey Maureen"

Ryan grabbed a seat next to her, sliding in with flair. Tall with dark tight curls, Ryan was a first year RA with Maureen in McGuthrie Hall but a junior. He adjusted his frames and lazily shifted his ass to get cozy. He was wearing a Minnesota U hoodie with a winter hat jammed over his head with enough space to let his springy curls fall out.

"Missed the alarm Ryan?"

He nodded, his tired eyes set on Maureen. He smiled jovially, a goofy grin with a smirk tugging at the right corner.

"It wouldn't be presentable to have y'all see me with bed head," he said spreading his hands out like a performer.

Maureen giggled. Ryan was an actor first, student/worker second. He was a Mathematics major, begrudgingly accepted in order to avoid the pitfalls of being a stereotypical waiter. 

Her boyfriend Andrew and Ryan were best buds and had been roommates their sophomore year. Heck, Ryan was the reason they had met in the first place. She could recall many mornings sleeping over and seeing Ryan trudge to the bathroom in his athletic shorts, a slight bulge from morning wood. Ryan was cute, with his charm and humor laying the foundation for his success with women.

Ryan leaned back and yawned languidly, his eyes darting between Maureen and the board. He jammed his hands in his athletic pants, moving them around in the spacious pockets. He squirmed in his seat, apparently trying to get comfortable.

Maureen cocked her head. What the hell was he doing? She looked at her notebook. Boys are weird.

"Good morning class," said Dr. Hannon in a monotone voice amidst the actions of murmurs and half-hearted greetings. 

The class was typical; it was still early and they were covering the basics. Every so often, Maureen would catch Dr. Hannon's eyes upon her. Ryan was doing the same, his left hand still in his pocket as he moved about. Oh God, she realized, as color flushed in her cheeks. She had something on her face. A bit of breakfast perhaps? How embarrassing.

She scooted out of her chair and excused herself. Covering her face partially in an embarrassing haze of hightailing the hell out of there, she stumbled over the feet of a guy at the end.

"Sorry," she muttered.

She heard a response, but it didn't register. Clambering to the door, she let herself out before she drew any more attention. In the restroom, she peeked in the mirror. No, no stray food or a weird bogey. Nothing. Just blue eyes, shoulder length blonde hair, an oval face that some felt was cute and a mole near the corner of her mouth on her cheek. It wasn't until she looked down at her torso, that she figured out the problem. Her nipples were poking through her shirt! 

She cried out and defensively covered up her pointed breasts, despite being alone in the restroom. How could she forget to wear a bra today? So that is what they were staring at. Damn Dr. Hannon and his increased brain activity B.S. And that Ryan, getting an erection from her tits, the horn dog. As embarrassed as she was, she felt a nudge of pride. She looked down at her breasts, clinging to the material. They hung there, loose and ready to spill out with the pull of her shirt. She wiggled her body, watching them dance and bounce back with firm resolution. God she loved her breasts. The way Andrew caressed and held them. Her mind wandered as she held her breasts and didn't even notice or hear the door open. 

A figure caught in her peripheral and she jumped. It was Marisa, a junior Math major. If people had a stereotypical idea of what Math majors were, Marisa was not it. Sleek black hair, dark eyes and a tight body in yoga pants was Marisa. Many of the guys in class would stare as her hips moved to take their seat. 

Marisa smiled embarrassingly at Maureen. Oh Jesus, her hands were still on her tits. Maureen dropped her hands hastily. 

"Nothing to be ashamed of," Marisa said with a wink as she disappeared into the stall. 

Maureen stared at her ass shake as the door closed and she thought of something absolutely naughty. A sly smile crossed her lips and she felt flushed again.

She hurried back to class where she would sit in agony and lust. She entered quietly and avoided stepping on that guy's sneakers again. She sat back down and immediately put her light jacket on. She could feel the disappointment emitting from Ryan and Dr. Hannon. Serves them right, she thought. 

9:25 and the end of another class, she thought tiredly. She quickly grabbed her things and avoided small talk with Ryan. She had a certain place to be, dang it! She shimmied through the thin passages of chairs and desks when the young man at the end stood up abruptly, blocking her path.

"Excuse me," she said.

He looked at her, a dark, almost angry look. He was tan, with broad shoulders and black, creased hair that matched his eyebrows. They were pinched up, giving the impression of fire and brimstone emitting from his eyes. His mouth curled and he paused, as if he was waiting for a toll.

"I'm sorry before," Maureen mumbled, "I didn't mean to step on your shoes." 

Maureen never shied from an apology and was usually bright and cheery. This man however, brought a storm cloud in his back pocket. He spoke in a light accent.

"You should watch where you walk, where you travel. There are dangerous paths you know."

With a brisk turn, he was gone. 

Maureen stared at him, confused at the confrontation that had just occurred. She felt an unconscious shiver that travelled through her body ending at her pussy. She strode quickly, the naughty thought dancing around in her mind.

***

Andrew rolled over and stretched, his body cackling as his joints popped and twisted. His eyelids felt heavy over his bloodshot eyes and the last thing he wanted to do was get up on a Thursday. Thursdays were such a tease, like Maureen not letting him touch her breasts when she jerked him off. His cock twitched at the thought of her breasts and a sly smile crept up as he thought about jerking off before class. He lifted his head up and did a quick survey. The dorm room was small, so it was fairly easy to know if his roommate Jack was here or not. Nope nothing. His fingers went to his boxers and with clarity, he realized he was naked. That was strange. He always slept in his underwear or even sweats if it was cold. Huh, he must have stripped them off during the night. The thought was pushed as his hand traveled to his cock, already semi-hard at the delight of knowing what was coming. He gently squeezed his ball sack. Oh yes, there we go. He was almost at full hardness now. Andrew was about to start pumping when the door opened. 

He scrambled for the sheets to cover his engorged cock when he saw Maureen in the doorway. His face relaxed at the thought of being caught by anyone else in the state he was in but was still miffed that the door was unlocked. Fucking Jack, he thought. Dumbass was probably high when he left this morning and forgot. 

He gazed at Maureen who was already inside and locking his dorm door. This was new. She never came to his room on a Thursday morning. She stood there defiantly, a stray hand held on her hip as she seemed to be posing in his room. She was wearing a blue sweater that held her breasts strangely over a pair of jeans. She kicked her sneakers off and threw her light jacket on his chair. What did she want? She was looking at him strangely, her blue eyes never breaking contact with a satisfied smile. Andrew drew himself up, letting the covers fall to reveal he was shirtless. He sat up, the covers still over his legs and cock. She strode over to him without a word and bent down to plant a long sensuous kiss on his lips. Andrew's eyes widened as his head jerked back in surprise. What the hell was this? Abandoning that thought quickly, he decided to roll with it.

He relaxed and kissed her back. Maureen's hand parted the hair out her face as she twisted letting her mouth open and Andrew's tongue to find its way in. His hands came up as he held her head as she kissed him hard. She groaned as his tongue danced in her mouth, her panties feeling the wetness creep from her pussy. Her hands went to his bare shoulders, massaging them and feeling the smooth muscled skin in her palms. She let her hands explore his chest, grateful to skip the part of having his shirt in the way. Andrew had no hair on his chest, Maureen thought sadly, but she enjoyed the feel of it nonetheless.

Andrew's hands quickly abandoned her head. He loved to feel a woman's breasts. Just seeing them shiver with eagerness when he kneaded them was half the fun. He grabbed her breasts and surprisingly found that they were braless. He could feel her nipples through the material as he captured them in his fingers, his thumb and forefinger lightly twisting them.

"What do we have here?" he asked deviously. 

Maureen yelped as shocks of pleasure travelled from his prodding fingers. They were getting hard now, the mere touch making her nipples pop. Taking her hands, she pushed his shoulders hard, his hands dropping the treasured breasts.

"Hey," he complained, "I was just getting started."

"Were you now?"

She grabbed the end of her sweater and pulled. Her breasts bounced slightly at the pull of the material but were on full display for Andrew. He stared in anticipation. They rested on her chest, firm and thrusting out, ready to be touched, ready to be sucked. Her nipples, pink and hard, were smaller than average but were highly sensitive to touch. Andrew dove, his face burying between, his hands going to her waist and he kissed her cleavage, his mouth working its way to the left, while his right hand quickly grabbed the other. His cock, now at full erection, was throbbing against the layers as it squirmed against the covered shield.

Maureen's head fell back as she closed her eyes and let herself be swept up in the pleasure that was overtaking her. Andrew's tongue was slowly circling her nipple while his right hand circled her breast. She could feel his erection poking her crouch through her jeans as she straddled him. She began to bob slightly, grinding her pussy into him. She loved when she got control of his cock and the torture she could endue. She pushed him again, his mouth abandoning her tit with an audible pop. 

Andrew groaned in frustration when he fell back. He was just getting started and besides, he never got to taste the other tit. Not there was a difference between them but still, it was the principle of the matter. Maureen grabbed the sheet and yanked it off, exposing Andrew's nude body. His cock stood straight up at attention, a drop of pre-cum glistening on the head of his cock. Andrew's cock wasn't anything special but it was Maureen's first that she had held and tasted. His six-inch cock trembled as the air hit it, his ball sac tightening. Andrew's hand fell to it naturally and began to pump it, feeling his balls gurgle and hearing the clicking sound of ejaculate ready to spout. God, he wanted to cum right now.

"Oh no you don't."

Maureen pounced and smacked his hand away from him. This cock was all hers and Andrew was not going to spoil her fun. Her hand slowly cradled his balls, her bright nails scraping them with delicate slowness. 

"Maureen, please. Please don't tease me. I need-"

He was suddenly cut off as his cock disappeared in Maureen's mouth. She took his entire length while still stroking his balls. She held there, her lips sucking at his base as her tongue danced around the head. She slowly worked her way up his cock, her tongue continuing its dance as she never released her tight suction of his shaft. When she was at the head, she plunged down again as Andrew moaned in sensual pain. He was so close, just a little bit more. Her hair grazed his stomach and she continued the same pattern of going up with agonizing slowness, letting her tongue drench his cock. 

With a smacking sound, Maureen released his cock from her tight mouth, but kept her grip on his balls. She grabbed his cock and furiously beat it, letting the saliva squish between the contact of her hand and shaft as she jerked him. The sound it made was music to her ears. She could see her boyfriend's face and he was frozen in mid-spasm. His eyes were clenched tight as he gasped as his orgasm took over. An elongated grunt tore from his mouth as his cock jerked in her hand and exploded. She continued to work both sac and shaft as cum shot out, coating her neck and shoulders. Two ropes later, he slumped, cum continuing to pour out of his cock like a shaken soda. Maureen had an urge to clean it up with her mouth, but decided not to. She had never tasted cum before and she was in no mood to do that now.

Andrew moaned and twisted again. His cock was absolutely spent; sticky and limp from its grueling physical exertion. He couldn't think, couldn't even move and faraway, he heard a feminine giggle.

"My turn mister," said Maureen.

He smiled weakly. His eyes were still glued shut and he was wondering how the hell he was going to clean himself up when he couldn't even lift his arms up.

"Babe," he said, "I can't. I'm dead here. I'm a gooey mess." He chuckled weakly, even laughing made his penis hurt from its explosion.

Maureen nodded, putting on her sweater and jacket.

"I should get going," she said "I have to tutor at 11:30."

Maureen didn't tutor on Thursdays.

She strode out of May Hall, kicking her feet as she walked. It was a gloomy Fall morning, the kind where you see the hint of winter just beyond the clouds. The wind picking up the leaves and cut grass discarded in piles and where you hug yourself a little tighter, not quite ready to pull out the winter jacket. She crossed the intersection that led to the library and just kept going. Right pass it.

I'll study later, she thought to herself.

She began the descent to McGuthrie Hall, past Richard Gussings Facility and the school's baseball diamond. It was a nice way to get exercise but it would be a real bitch in the winter. McGuthrie Hall everyone - where you're sure to walk at least 5 miles one way. She grunted and kept her head down, not wanting to make conversation or eye contact on the bridge as hordes of freshmen were on their way to class.

Her head perked up when she saw the residential building and the woods that surrounded it. The thought of last night cross her again. It had seemed so real. Could it possibly be? A werewolf was just a silly story, a horror that graced the movies and comics. Still, she wondered if there was anything in there. Some clues maybe.

Feeling like Nancy Grace (in modern times at least), she wandered into the woods. It was a lot less threatening in the day. She walked carefully, trying not to step on anything when she stopped. What was she expecting to find? Foot or hoof prints? A pile of clothes neatly tucked away in the corner with the man's identity written on the backside of a pair of briefs? 

This was hopeless, she thought, partly disgusted at herself for thinking such fables. She heard a branch break, turned around, and was staring in the angry face of the black-haired man from class.