 Part Four, My Turn

Cricket slept heavily as her warm body pressed against Samuel, who was laying on his back and stared up at the dancing shadows on the ceiling. He felt his eyes grow heavy as he listened to her rhythmic breathing but the spirit's whisper from his other side stopped his descent into slumber.

"It's my turn," she whispered.

She was laying on her stomach and facing him with her chin resting on her crossed arms. She smiled at him once their eyes locked.

"I just came," he protested quietly. "It'll take me a minute to build up again."

"I don't think so," the spirit softly chuckled. "You're good to go now."

To his surprise, the ghost was right. He looked down his naked body to see his penis swelling into an erection and the urge for sexual contact once again began surging inside of him. 

"I don't want to wake Cricket," Samuel said, taking a second to glance to look at the woman, who's heavy breathing had shifted to a snore. "Let's go into the living room."

The spirit nodded and disappeared right in front of him. He heard her whisper to him and looked toward the, now open, bedroom door to find her standing there. She beckoned him to follow her with a hooked finger before gliding out of sight. He gently scooted to the side of the bed opposite of Cricket and stood up slowly before tip-toeing across the room and into the hallway.

He didn't see the ghost and wanted to call out to her but stopped long enough to realize that he didn't even know what to call. She had never spoken her name to him. It didn't feel right to just call out "Ghost" as he tried to find her. Suddenly he felt the warmth of a mouth sliding up the backside of his shaft and looked down to see his cock lift upward but he couldn't see the spirit. She was completely invisible.

"I can't see you," he tried to sound casual but the sudden feeling of her tongue sliding up the tip of his dick caused his tone to betray his efforts as he moaned.

"My power of visibility weakens once I leave the master bedroom," she explained. "I'm can't leave the apartment but I can't be seen outside of my bedroom at all."

"I'm sorry," Samuel said somberly. He really did feel pity for the spirit. He couldn't imagine such a lonely existence. No wonder she wanted him to keep coming back. 

"I believe all of that will soon change," she explained just before he felt her mouth take in his rod once more. 

He began to speak but once he felt his rock slip past the barrier of her throat, all of his thoughts escaped for the moment. He stood at the end of the hallway and scanned the living room and kitchen as he felt the invisible ghost deepthroat him in long and slow motions. Her hands pulled against his asscheeks as she forced her head forward as she swallowed him. 

After a long moment of the repeated actions, she pulled her mouth free of him, allowing his heavy erection to swing in the air as he watched a line of her saliva stretch from his tip to where her lips had to be.

"How is it going to change," he managed to ask once her hypnotic blowjob had ceased for a moment. 

"I'm able to gain a bit more freedom from my spiritual prison from sex with you," she explained cryptically. The location of her voice rose to almost eye level and he realized that she had stood up and was facing him. It was quite awkward not knowing where to stare as he held a conversation with an invisible ghost.

"I'm not exactly sure how that works," he admitted with a shrug. 

The spirit, he had to ask her what her name was, wrapped her fingers around his cock and pulled him toward the kitchen bar. An empty jar slid over a few inches just before he felt her hot pussy press against the end of his rod. He felt it penetrate her and a sharp moan came from her as the warmth spread over him before her hand released.

He pushed forward, pushing all the way inside of her, and reached down to grab her invisible hips before he started a motion to mimic the slow motions of her blowjob from a minute earlier.

"You don't need to worry about it," she explained through stifled cries of lust. "Those are concerns for me and I don't want to burden you with them."

His pace quickened as he began to get used to fucking an invisible woman. Her hushed cries grew more frantic as her cunt squeezed his throbbing cock. He quickened once more and her cries were no longer hushed. She practically screamed as he watched the jar, that had moved earlier, slide off the counter and bust on the kitchen floor. Wet impressions of the ghost's hands made imprints on the counter as he listened to the sounds of his flesh smacking against hers.

"Faster," she begged in a choked cry.

He sucked in large gulps of air as he worked his hips back and forth faster than he had ever moved before. The muscles in his back and stomach burned as he dared not slow his rhythm. The sounds of smacking flesh echoed off the walls of the living room in a audible mix with her screams along with his own grunts.

"Faster," she screamed.

His vision began to darken as he held his breath and worked his thrusts even harder and harder. He hadn't thought the ferocity of his movements were humanly possible and yet he dared not stop, for fear of collapsing once his physical motions even slowed. Her screams pierced his ears as he held onto her hips so tightly that he was sure that, if he could have seen her flesh where he was gripping, would be blood red. 

Her screams cut off into complete silence all of a sudden and if he hadn't been able to still feel her cunt around his aching cock, he would have thought her gone from the room. Her slit began to grip tightly as he heard a sucking noise coming from around his dick. The silence stretched on for what seemed like an eternity until...

"Yes," she screamed so loudly that it almost caused him to jump from the break of silence. 

Her cunt began pulsating around his cock rapidly as he hammered into her repeatedly. Moisture splashed against his thighs and dripped from his balls to the floor as her screams reached a high pitched volume unlike any he had ever heard.

His vision went dark and flashes of red and yellow filled his eyes as he gasped for air. His lungs ached and his muscles felt numb but he kept going. He dared not stop for fear of collapsing. Her screams subsided and transitioned into moans once more as he felt her weight grow. Her legs were giving out so he hooked his hands under her hips and lifted to keep her up. He continued his extraneous motion up for as long as he could but felt his muscles weaken too much. The burning in his stomach and back turned to numbness and the floor came up to meet his back before he even realized that he had been falling.

Long shadows stretched over the ceiling of the living room and he rolled his head to the side to see that the sun was going down. How long had he and Cricket been in this apartment? Dusk was upon them.

Warm surrounded his cock once more and he looked down and seen that the, still invisible ghost had taken him in her mouth once more. He felt her throat take him in.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," she told him when she had pulled her mouth away from his rod. One of her hands gripped his shaft and jerked him off as she spoke to him. "I want to taste you."

Her mouth was once again over him and he stared up at the shadows on the ceiling as he felt her teeth gently rub down the top of his cock on her descent. She continued her slow motion of kissing the tip to swallowing his entire rod and back again for long moments. The only sounds in the living room were the wet smacks of her kisses and the occasional gag as she swallowed his flesh.

"I don't even know your name," he whispered.

She made a noise but he couldn't make out what she said, due to her mouth being full. 

His cock began to swell and he looked down to see his enlarged veins pulsing to his heartbeat as it shifted to her invisible mouth's movements. He watched as a drop of his cum built up from the tip of his cock and lift into the air as she swallowed it. His balls tightened and he felt the build-up of his climax.

"I'm cumming," he called, still looking down his body.

A blast exploded straight from his cock and flew a few inches in the air before traveling down. The ghost moaned and he felt her mouth slide to the backside of his cock as her tongue lapped up what had tried to escape. His second shot splashed against her face, revealing in a line of his semen, the curved line of her eye and the ridge of her nose. A third blast revealed an outline of her pouty lips. His head thumped back on the floor as the rest of his cum shot from him. His energy had been depleted totally and he couldn't work up enough strength to even lift his head anymore.

"Mmm," the ghost called as he felt her head press down against his lap as her hair tickled his flesh.

"I don't even know your name," he repeated.

The last thing he remembered hearing was her voice, in a whisper, answering his question.

"You can call me Heather."

***

"Samuel," a voice whispered to him. He opened his eyes but couldn't see anything. "Samuel, wake up."

Two hands grasped his shoulder and shook him. He moaned and pushed himself up to a sitting position and looked around. The shadows had taken over the entirety of the apartment. He wasn't sure what time it was but knew that he had slept the entirety of dusk away.

"Cricket," he asked as he looked to the shadow next to him.

"Yes," she said. "We need to get back."

"Where's the ghost," he asked. Then the memory of her proclaimed name reentered his thoughts. "Where's Heather?"

"That's her name," Cricket asked after a moment of thought. "Not exactly as magical as I thought it might be. Anyway, I don't know where she is. I woke up and felt my way out of the room where I tripped over you. I haven't seen or heard her."

"Ok," Samuel said, shaking the dizzy sleep from his head. "Let's go back to the first floor."

"You're sleeping in my apartment tonight," Cricket explained in a tone that left no room for argument. Not that he would have argued, to begin with. He had no desire to sleep in his apartment with the dangerous threat of an angry gang leader in his thoughts.

The two held onto each other as they slowly stumbled down the stairs to find the sharp lights in the lobby, casting from street lamps through the windows in the front of the building. Samuel followed Cricket into her apartment, where she shut and locked the door behind her and turned to look at him.

"About earlier," she began after a moment of silence. 

"I'm sorry," he said. Fear flooded him as he thought back on what had happened. He had fucked her in the ass when she had originally stated that she didn't even want to have sex before. He remembered her saying that she wanted him before he took her but maybe she regretted her decision now.

"Sorry," she asked loudly before punching him on the arm. "I'm not sorry! I really enjoyed myself, Samuel. I was going to say that even though I've made a vow to myself to swear off sexual desires, I'm quite happy that I excepted them for you. I was going to lead into asking you if you wanted to have sex again you idiot!"

She huffed as she stared at him in an angry glare. She crossed her arms and tapped her foot anxiously. The light shining through her living room window cast against her back, causing soft shadows to cover her face, causing her eyes to look bright as they absorbed the bend of the shine.

Without thinking, Samuel leaned forward and pulled the petite woman into a long kiss. She melted into his arms as he pulled her shirt over her head and ran his hand over her small breasts to feel her stiff nipples under his palm. She bent down and shifted her hips just before he watched her pants fly across the dark room before she stood back up to lean in for another kiss. He shifted out of his own pants and felt her hand rub down his stomach, stopping once her fingers gripped his thick cock.

She released his rod as he lifted her into the air by her ass and dropped her onto him, piercing his shaft completely into her tight snatch in one quick motion. A cry drew from her open mouth as he worked her up and down on him. 

"You feel so good," she called to him as he walked her across the room. He laid her down on the cushion that she used for a chair and lifted her legs up until her legs were running flat up against his stomach, with her feet resting on either side of his neck. He slowly slid in and out of her as he ran his tongue up the side of her foot. She softly cried out as he devoured her toes, licking them inside his mouth.

Sharp lines of a street lamp from down the alley of her window's view drew lines of light down her face and body, allowing him to view her heavy breathing as he kept up his slow grind in and out of her. 

He picked up his pace ever so slightly and felt her toes curl inside of his mouth as her long and steady breaths began to speed up. He kept at his pace, not daring to challenge his muscles by taking on any faster of a pace. The speed seemed just right for Cricket though, for, before long, her breaths turned to cries as she announced her climax.

Her foot shook against his jaw as her toes pinched his tongue. She slapped her hands down on the floor as she stretched her arms. Her hips jerked wildly a few times before she settled back down on the floor and looked up at him with her large eyes.

He stared down into her eyes as he kept at the same pace. A smile spread over her face as his vision blurred. He released his cum inside of her womb, her toes still him his mouth, and watched her smile shift to an open mouth look of lust. She drank all of him inside of her as he finalized his climax with a few more long and slow thrusts.

Once all of his cum had been drained, he slid his rod from her slit and laid down next to her. She rolled over to her side to look him in the eyes once more and smiled.

"Thank you," she whispered.

"Thank you," he corrected, sharing her smile with one of his own.

He felt his eyes grow heavy once more and, though he tried, couldn't fight the pure exhaustion that had taken him over. 

Soon Samuel had drifted off into a deep sleep.