 When the man wearing blood-soaked clothes answered the door holding a bowl of candy in one hand and a huge butcher knife in the other, the Witch shrieked, Frankenstein dropped his plastic jack-o-lantern half filled with treats, and Yoda literally jumped backwards off the cement stoop. The Ghost froze, Wolfman shook so hard he started to cry, and down at the end of the driveway the cluster of parents gasped and then laughed at what a good scare it was. The man's shirt and pants were saturated in red and vermillion spatters dotted his round white face. Thick crimson streaks dripped off the shiny steel blade. Very effective. 

A chorus of "Trick or treat!" went up from the kids. The parents all complimented on what a realistic knife it was and how good the fake blood was and all, and some of them lit cigarettes to hide how truly frightened they had been. Nobody thought anything was really wrong until the children started to scream and the blood started to fly, but by then, of course, it was too damned late.

******

Three years at college had taught Tina to understand the difference between making love and fucking. She appreciated them both in their proper places, which was rare for a gender that seemed trapped in mistaking lust for affection.

She loved Randy, a name she thought incredibly appropriate for a guy with what seemed like a permanent hard-on, and she adored making love with him, what he called a celebration of their souls. She also adored fucking him, which he called a celebration of their bodies, and had just spent an hour and a half doing just that. They lay together on his bed in the apartment he shared with two other guys who were mercifully somewhere else. They were exhausted, and lay supine listening to their bodies stop tingling, the way the planet's vibrations subside slowly after an earthquake.

"I gotta pee," Randy said, and he got up and walked naked across his bedroom to the hall and then down two doors to the grungy bathroom they all shared. Mike had kidded that they should add a fourth to their group, preferably somebody gay so the place would have a chance of being cleaned once in a while. It was the sort of irreverent, politically incorrect idea they had all come to expect from their resident poli-sci major. The third roommate, Bob, was pre-med and couldn't care less what the place looked like. He always said if they caught some rare disease from the accumulated filth he'd have just what he needed for his dissertation.

Tina watched Randy walk naked away from her and then return a few minutes later. There was no certain aspect of him that Tina found exceptional. His attractiveness was more in the absence of anything negative. He was of average height and build, with brown hair, green eyes, and a three-day old growth of beard on an ordinary oval face. He shaved only once a week, his face and balls, and both were currently scratchy. The latter were shrunken and drained and they ached like hell. Nobody made him cum as hard as Tina did.

He lay back beside her. Tina was a bit shorter than he, with almost militarily short red hair which she considered a sign of confidence in her own femininity. Girls express their femaleness with their hair, but only the truly secure wear it so bitingly short. She had green eyes as well, with flecks of gold in them. Her skin was milky pale and smooth, her belly flat and her breasts perfect round hemisphere's of pleasure. Her only flaws were some odd scars on her back which she attributed to an old accident she never wanted to talk about. He didn't mind them. He said they gave her character.

"Hungry?" he asked her, and she said she was as if the idea of being so seemed surprising.

Randy rolled over and his top half vanished beside the bed. "I think I have something down here," he said, and Tina could only imagine what sort of snack he had stored under his bed. Probably a mummified pizza. 

He came up suddenly wearing a full-head rubber mask based on the monster from a recent horror film. He raised up on his knees and held his hands up in menacing claws and made what he supposed was a blood-curdling noise.

Tina glared at him coldly. "Take that fucking thing off," she demanded.

Randy tugged the mask off. His hair stood up in ragged spikes. "I'm wearing it tonight," he said. "You like it?"

She obviously did not.

"We're all going to the party at Delta Tau," he said. "Then some of us are going past the Porter place. You know what that is?"

She knew, but didn't say anything.

"That's where that crazy guy hacked up those treat-or-treaters twelve years ago," he said, as if having to remind her of the town's most infamous landmark, the one that wasn't located on the Chamber of Commerce maps handed out to tourists. "Right after carving up his family."

The history was common knowledge, and it was dredged up annually at the same time each year. The story seemed to grow with each resurrection. Tina knew the truth of the matter, however, and the truth, in this case, was more horrible than anything the legend had managed to fabricate. 

"Have a nice time," was all she told him, and rolled off the bed to start getting dressed.

Randy already knew the answer to the question before he asked it. "You're coming with me, right?"

Her shirt half on, she froze and stared daggers at him and then resumed putting her clothes back on.

"You know I don't like Halloween," she said. She'd told him -- how many times? -- over the past few weeks, ever since he'd brought up the subject of the Delta Tau party.

"It's the best party on campus," he said. It always was. "Everybody's gonna be there."

She was already aware of the party's reputation. "I won't," she said, and found her jeans and tugged them on, foregoing her panties which she couldn't find at the moment anyway. Maybe that antique pizza under the bed had eaten them.

Randy sat up. "What is it with you and Halloween?" he asked. "Is it some religious thing?"

She almost laughed. "No, it's not a religious thing," she said, mocking his words. "I just don't like anything about it."

"You're not a Jehovah's Witness, are you?"

She stared at him, naked in the bed they had just shared for the umpteeth time in less than a year and he silently rescinded the question.

"Then, I don't see what the big deal is," he said. "Even if you don't like Halloween, you could come to the party for me."

That was a hard argument to counter.

"I can't," she said honestly. "You go. Have fun. Do...whatever it is you do at these things. And, I'll see you tomorrow."

She slipped into her sneaker loafers, ran her fingers through her hair once, more as a formality than anything else, came back to the bed to deliver a chaste kiss on his cheek, and left. Randy sat naked in bed and watched the empty place in his room where a minute ago his girlfriend had been and shook his head sadly. Then, he got up and got dressed, and carried his mask downstairs.

******

Four of them stood at midnight on the cold, wind-swept street and stared at the darkened, boarded up house partially hidden by trees and brush untended for over a decade.

"That's it," one of them said, as if the rest needed to be told. It was the sight of their annual pilgrimage, their Halloween haj to the town's solitary Mecca of terror.

"Which one of us gets to do it this year?"

It had been Mike's turn the year before, and Paul the year before that, and Tim three years ago. They all patted Randy on the back and urged him to start his walk down the cracked and overgrown cement path that led to the front door of the Porter house.

Randy held back. The chore was stupid, the challenge non-existent actually for anybody over the age of ten. Walk up to the house and knock on the front door. The way those kids had twelve years before, when Donald Porter had opened the door with his candy and knife, the knife still dripping with the blood of his wife and daughter. But, nobody had lived there since. The most that anyone ever heard at that door was mice scurrying about inside in the dark. Still, Randy hesitated.

"I think that ditzy girlfriend of yours is starting to rub off on you," Mike said. "Pussy-whipped, I can understand, but, geez!"

Randy had no choice but to do the deed. Stupid, really. A short walk, a few knocks, wait a couple of seconds, and then all go back to the Delta Tau party and finish getting outrageously drunk.

But he couldn't stop thinking about Tina.

The boys urged him on and Randy walked slowly up the cement path to the door. The house smelled bad, like a basement turned inside out, even through the small breathing holes in the mask. Clouds momentarily hid the moon as Randy raised his fist to the splintered wooden door.

He knocked.

******

The door opened.

"What are you doing here?"

Randy stood outside her dorm door as Tina blinked the sleep out of her eyes. He held his mask at his side.

"You alone?" he asked.

"Yeah. Betty's at the party like everyone else." She turned back and squinted at the illuminated face of her alarm clock. It was just after one AM. "Why aren't you there?"

Randy shrugged. "I couldn't stop thinking about you," he said. "It wasn't fair of me to leave you alone tonight."

She half-smiled and put her arms around him. She wore baggy sweats and a tee shirt and felt warm as toast from her bed. "That's sweet," she said. "But, really, go back to the party. Have a good time. If you're not too stinking drunk and puking your guts out tomorrow maybe we'll go do something."

He laughed. "I'd rather be with you," he said.

Tina kissed him softly. "Not tonight you don't," she said in a whisper. "I'm no fun on Halloween."

He held her close and kissed her forehead. "Bullshit," he said. "I'd rather be with you than anywhere else in the world, this night or any night."

She killed the trickle of laughter in her throat. "I appreciate that, but..."

But Randy was having none of it. Still holding her, he eased them both inside her door. Tina struggled at first, and then surrendered. Once inside, Randy pushed the door closed with a foot. Tina freed herself from him and locked it.

"Just, please," she said, "hide that thing somewhere."

Randy looked quickly about the small room that Tina and Betty shared and then stuffed the mask under the computer desk beside the tray that held the printer.

"Good enough?" he asked her, coming back for an embrace.

She peeked around his shoulder at the desk and smiled. "For now," she said.

They kissed, at first softly and gently, and then both felt their passions rise and the kiss became a grinding of their mouths together. His hands were all over her, sliding under the elastic waistband of her sweats to hold the firm round globes of her ass, and up beneath the thin cotton of her tee shirt to hold her breasts and drag his fingertips down her flat belly.

Tina struggled to get his sweater off him, and then his shirt, and their faces lost contact only long enough to get both items past his head. Giggling as he pulled her shirt off as well, they came together again and kissed even more arduously, reveling in the touch of skin on skin.

Tina reached down and tugged the front of his jeans opened, and then they staggered back to her disheveled bed, still warm from her body, and finished undressing each other. Naked and feeling the autumn chill, they scrambled under the covers of the narrow twin bed and held each other again.

Arms and legs entangled, they kissed, moving carefully so they didn't get dumped on the floor. Tina wound up on top of him, and his hands explored every inch of her back from her neck to her hips. He loved the way her spine curved down to her waist and then her ass rose softly, like a landscape of rolling hills and valleys. As his hands came back up again they hesitated at her scars, three soft puckerings that he knew so well and actually found quite attractive, perhaps because of the mystery surrounding them.

Tina lifted up and straddled his waist, and his hands instantly came forward to massage her chest. He pinched her nipples and rolled them between his fingers until they were hard brick-red nibs erupting from her creamy white breasts. Her head lolled back and she made deep throaty noises as she felt her whole body tingle from his touch. Like a master musician holding his instrument, he knew exactly how to bring forth from her the most marvelous sensations. And, like the clever instrument secure in the grip of a master, she responded in kind.

One of his hands slid down to where their bodies connected, to the soft red patch just above her clit. Below, she was shaved clean. But she left that soft triangle untouched at his request. He said it reminded him of the fire waiting for him inside her. 

His erection was beating against her ass like an insistent visitor. She lifted up and he reached down to guide the head of his cock to her waiting pussy. She was wet and hot and her labia parted for him so nicely. She settled her hips down again, piercing herself on his fiery petard of flesh, and she began to ride him slowly.

It was her favorite position because it put her in complete charge of their pace. He didn't mind serving under her because he knew she would tend as nicely to his needs as to her own. He trusted her and gave her the control she sought.

Each time she raised off him, stopping just before his cock slipped out of her completely, she tilted her pelvis for the descent, and the effect on him was devastating. The pressure of her pubic bone dragging down the length of him sent tremors through his entire body. She grinned watching his face as it hovered between a look of intense pleasure and incredible pain. It was the yin and yang of fucking. She bit her lower lip and moved even faster.

If she kept that up he'd cum in no time, so her grabbed her waist and lifted her off him, and placing one foot on the floor for support managed to flip them over in much the same position they were already in only with Tina on her back. Her legs rose into the air in a great V and while his cock had fallen out of her in the process he now plunged back inside her with a vengeance. 

Her legs folded and her ankles crossed behind him. Her arms did likewise about his neck, and he slid his hands and arms beneath her, clasping her tightly as his hips pumped his cock in and out of her with a quickening pace. The whole bed shook. The headboard slammed into the wall again and again and again and she laughed imaging the reaction of the people in the next room if they had been there and not at the blasted Delta Tau party. Since they were absent, however, she felt free to let the headboard break a hole in the wall if that was what happened.

Randy's cock became hard as rock inside her, a signal that his orgasm wasn't far away. She clasped him more tightly, holding on for the ride, and he fucked her with an incredible intensity. Neither of them could breathe for a while as their bodies slammed together, and when he grunted as the first spray of cum shot from his cock she closed her eyes and let her own climax take over control of her body.

When they were done, Randy made no attempt to get off her. His cock shriveled and fell out, laying wet and hot between her thighs. He kissed and bit her neck and shoulders as she languorously drew her fingernails up and down his back.

"So, what is it with you and Halloween anyway?" he asked.

Tina laughed, but the laugh had a ring of falsehood beneath it.

"I love you, too," she joked. "Nice question, all things considered." 

He lifted up slightly on stiff forearms. "No, really," he said. "What is it about Halloween you hate so much?"

Her face slackened. Her eyes focused on some point far beyond him in space and time.

"You don't want to know," she said.

"Of course I do," he told her. "It obviously means something to you."

She tried a smile. It refused to stick to her face and slid off again.

"I suppose you could say that," she said. 

By the look in her eyes she was somewhere else for the moment, somewhere uncomfortable at best.

"What is it?" he asked. "It's the only thing between us any more. It's the last thing between us. I want to know."

She lay beneath him, warm and silent for a long time. Her eyes continued to see other places, and when she finally spoke her voice came from far away.

"You know that place you and the guys went to tonight?" she asked.

"The Porter house," he said. "How'd you know we went there?"

"You always do," she said. "Sooner or later, everyone in this town goes there, to see where it happened, to pretend they can know what it felt like to be there. Especially tonight, the night it all happened."

He waited for more. When nothing came he asked, "Okay, so what's that got to do with you?"

Now her eyes focused on him, and they trapped his gaze as if in the jaws of a steel bear trap.

"I was there that night," she said.

His heart stopped for a second.

"Omigod," he said in a whisper. "The scars! You were the Witch! They said the girl dressed as a witch survived."

Her eyes averted momentarily then returned to their battle with his. Her hands left his back and fell slack at her sides. Her head rolled slowly from side to side.

"Not the witch," she said. "But I was there."

He tried to imagine which of the other costumed children she had been. The ghost perhaps? Yoda? But, the rest had all died, cut up into bleeding pulp before their parents could stop him.

"I was inside," she said. 

He had no idea what she meant.

"You know me as Tina Brecht," she told him. "My real name is Porter. Tina Porter."

Her right hand dipped below the side of the mattress, to the place where the mattress rested atop the box spring.

"But, they said he killed his family that night," Randy said. "His wife and...daughter...just before the kids knocked at his door."

She shook her head slowly. "That was to protect me," she said. 

Her fingers slid beneath the edge of the mattress.

******

Don Porter had always made his wife, Tracy, go somewhere else on Halloween. A neighbor's all-night party, a relative's in another town, anywhere so long as she wasn't home again until sunrise. He never told her why, and she loved him and trusted him enough not to ask.

When Tina was born Tracy hoped things would change, but he was even more adamant than ever that she keep their child as far away from him as possible. For ten years she did as he wished, but that night Tina had talked her Mom into playing a trick on her father, and shortly after they left that night they circled back and came in through the kitchen door to surprise him.

Everyone got a surprise that night.

He shoved the butcher knife into Tracy's chest seven times before she went down. Tina fell over her mother, crying, and Daddy hit her with the knife three times in the back.

And then someone knocked at the door. 

Don Porter got up and on his way to the foyer grabbed a bowl of candy Tracy had left for him to give out to the trick-or-treaters. The parents subdued him after he hacked their children up into bits right there on his front stoop, and he never got a chance to go back and finish off his daughter.

******

"I lived," she said. "I wasn't supposed to, and some days I wish I hadn't, but they said I died and they sent me to live somewhere else, to grow up with another name, to grow up being another person. But, it didn't work."

Her hand grasped the thing hidden beneath the mattress, and she very slowly drew it out.

"I'm still a Porter," she said.

Her right arm stretched up over their bodies. Her hand was closed in a white-knuckled fist about the handle of the knife.

"And Halloween still means the same to me as it did to my father."

Her arm came down quickly. The knife made a sound like a shovel being driven into wet sand as it pierced Randy's back. His body stiffened, his eyes ballooned open. 
