 She stood before her mirror completely naked. This in itself would have not seemed abnormal, but in the last few years, she had refrained from looking at her body. At 65, Ariana knew that time had taken its toll on her. 

Her tits, although still full, sagged with the ravages of time and gravity. She had stretch lines across her stomach from her two births so long ago. She looked up into her eyes. The reflection did not lie. Her eyes wore the crinkled time lines that she hated so. Her lips, thin and pasty colored did nothing to enhance her looks. 

Her features were sharp. Her bone structure gave her skin that tight drawn look. With a sigh, she thought to herself, "Ariana! You have become an old woman. Why are you acting this way? This charade will only hurt you. You will end up this night like you have so many other nights."

The memory of other nights she had spent after acting this way came flooding to her mind. She held back the sob, as the thoughts of other nights like this popped into her head. 

She could see herself lying on her bed. Her thighs would be open wide and her fingers would be frantically trying to bring life to her uncooperative sex. It had been some time since she had been able to achieve an orgasm that would satisfy her totally. Now, they seemed to only leave her even more frustrated than before.

Her eyes gazed down at her stomach. She had a bit of a paunch. Shaking her head, she thought that it was from the rich foods and lack of any type of exercise. Her legs were the most desirable part of her whole body.

Even at 65, Ariana still had beautiful legs. They were long; the legs that dancers have. They were shapely and curved with thick thighs that tapered to very slim ankles. She wore skirts that were respectable, but still afforded the looker a glimpse of her well-turned ankles.

But between her thighs, she could see that there were many more gray hairs then black that covered her sex. Ariana sighed as her fingertips stroked the soft fine hair. She really should trim it. But with no man that wanted to view it, and no success at her own manipulations, she thought what the hell.

"If only a man would take an interest in me? He would awaken the desire that used to consume my mind and body. He would know how to make me long for his touch. I would give myself to such a man! I would willingly do as he wished! Oh! If there were just one who would take me?"

Her thoughts were still echoing in her head, when she heard a voice behind her. "I would take you! I would consume you with passion and lust!"

A small scream filled her mouth, as she turned quickly. Her eyes frantically scanned the room. The voice had been right by her ear. It had been deep! Resonant! The voice, of a man who was sure of himself. And of his ability to do as he promised.

"Who's there? Who's here with me? Come out! Show yourself! I'll call the police! I'll scream!" Her heart beat so fast she could feel it in her head. Her eyes wide with fright, she looked at each dark corner. Then, laughing to herself, she turned her face back to the mirror.

"You're losing it girl! You want a man so bad, you're starting to hear one in your head. Her hands came up and cupped her tits. Ariana's tits were not big. They were the size of a big peach and she was able to squeeze them into a b-cup bra. 

But her nipples were big! When hard, they stuck out about an inch in length. And they were so sensitive! They were almost painful when hard and erect. Ariana's hands softly squeezed the globes of flesh. She grasped her nipples between her fingers and softly tugged.

If there was one thing she loved best, it was tit torture. Many a night as she would struggle to elicit an orgasm from her pussy, she would pull and twist her nubs until she screamed from the pain. This always helped her achieve some sort of satisfaction. 

Ariana closed her eyes as her fingers pulled and twisted her nipples. Suddenly she felt a hot breath on her neck. Her eyes flew open and she looked into the mirror. Already a scream was forming on her lips. But there was not a soul in the room with her. The figure in the mirror was her own.

But the feel of the breath on her neck only enflamed her lust. She watched herself in the mirror. With one hand on her tit, her fingers roughly manipulated the sensitive nipple. Her other hand slid down across her stomach.

Her mind screamed! "Oh god! If only there was a man here to do this to me. I would have my orgasm." Her fingers slid down to the soft hair between her thighs. Ariana watched as her fingertips parted her downy hair. 

Her skin was pale. Pale to the point of being pasty white. She had a private porch where she could lay out naked and soak up the sun, but she never used it. She felt it futile to lay around naked, without a man to enjoy her beauty.

Ariana's fingers found her slit. A gasp escaped her lips. She was wetter than she would normally get. Feeling her wetness, Ariana slid her finger slowly into her slit up to the first knuckle. With a moan, she felt her pussy lips clasp her finger.

Pulling her finger free, she looked at it. The light from the room gave her slick finger a shiny glistening look. Her breath quickened, as she drew the finger to her face. She stopped the finger beneath her nose, inhaling deeply the fragrance of her heated sex.

Again she felt the breath on her neck and this time, she just shivered. The voice once again came to her. Only this time, it was in her mind. "Look at the finger Ariana. Smell it! See how I have made you excited. You want a man to want you? What would you do if one were here now? Taste it! Taste yourself as I will taste you."

Ariana moaned. She had played with her pussy on many occasions. But never had she ever felt the compulsion to taste her own juices. Sure she had sucked cock after guys would fuck her. But that was different.

This time, the voice was more insistent. "Taste it! You wanted a lover. One who would give you pleasure! One to fill you! One that would consume you with passion and lust! I will be your lover Ariana. But in return, you will obey me. Taste it now!"

As if in no control of her own actions, Ariana brought the finger to her lips. She slid the tip of her tongue out and barely touched the tip of her wet finger. Then with a moan, she slipped the digit between her lips. Her eyes grew wide, as she felt the breath quicken on her neck.

She must be going crazy. At 65, she had finally gone over the edge. But the juice from her cunt tasted so good! It had never tasted this good! Not even when she would clean it from the cock of one of her lovers. Avidly, she sucked her finger. Then with a moan, she slid her hand back down to her cunt.

Two fingers this time. And she was even wetter than before. She shivered as she thought she felt a tongue tip touch her neck. But the pleasure she was feeling, chased the thought of someone in her room from her mind.

If she was losing it! If she was indeed going crazy! If all that was true and it made her feel like this, she hoped that she would go completely bonkers. Anything to make this feeling continue! The only thing that would make her complete was if there was a man there to help her enjoy the pleasure she was feeling.

The voice was once again in her head. This time, it was with a lover's soft caress. "What would you do if a man were here to make you complete? Would you give yourself willingly to him?"

Feeling herself growing closer to that orgasm that always eluded her, Ariana whispered, "yes".

"Would you do his bidding to give him pleasure?"

"Yes!"

"Would you surrender yourself completely to his lust?"

Ariana felt sharp nails caressing her skin. She gasped at the real feeling of the touch. They settled on her hard throbbing nipples. Ariana gasped, as she felt them digging into her soft flesh. Staring at her mirrored image, she watched as her skin dimpled.

A small cry escaped her lips, as she felt the sharp nails bite. Tiny pinpricks of blood began to ooze from her pale skin. Her pale white skin contrasted deeply with the dark crimson color of her blood. It felt like sharp, red-hot pins were being pushed into her tender nipples.

Ariana cried out with the pain, even as her body reacted to the exquisite pleasure she was receiving. The voice this time was not in her head. It was a hot breathy whisper in her ear. And her whole body shivered at the feeling of its vibrations.

"A glimpse of my pleasure for you Ariana. See in your mind what I would ask of you."

Suddenly, an image burst upon her thoughts. Ariana was in a room. She was naked and bent over a low table. She was bound hand and foot. Her wrist wore shackles that were attached to a long wooden rail. Her legs kept apart with a thick metal pole that was attached to the shackles on her ankles.

There was a hard rubber plug that was pushed up into her ass stretching her. Attached to her nipples, were cruel sharp clamps that dug into her tender flesh. Weights attached to the clamps pulled her nipples downward. Even her pussy was not spared restriction.

Attached to her pussy lips, were similar clamps as the ones on her tits. But these were attached to a chain that wound around her hips. The chain in effect, kept her spread open and vulnerable. 

Around her neck was a thick black collar made of leather. Attached to the collar was another chain that stretched to the wall behind her. It was tight enough to keep her head pulled back. As the scene unfolded within her mind, Ariana felt her lust grow. 

She had imagined many a time, being completely immobile and at the whim of another. But no man had ever gained her trust enough to allow him that pleasure. 

But it was the man that stood before her that completely captured her attention. He was tall. With broad shoulders that were wider than a man should have. Naked from the waist up, Ariana gasped at the muscles that seemed to ripple across his chest and stomach.

There was a light sheen of sweat that covered him. As if he had been exerting himself in some act. Probably placing her in the helpless position that she was in. There was a bulge in the crotch of his pants.

Ariana gasped at the size of that bulge. She had enjoyed men whom she thought were big. But the bulge that pushed and pulsed within his pants looked absolutely huge! Ariana judged that he must be at least 9 inches long and thicker than any cock she had ever seen. There was no way her frail body could take such a weapon. For she felt that weapon it was.

She raised her eyes to look upon his face. She had never in her life seen a more handsome man. His hair was close cropped. Almost like a skullcap upon his head. His eyebrows were thin. He sported a thin trim mustache and a short spiked beard. 

His skin was the color of coal. Black! Shiny! His lips were full. Ariana felt that she could get lost in those lips. Oh, to feel him kissing and using those soft black lips upon her body. She had never been with a black man before. They had always scared her with their lack of manners and crude words and actions. But this man shouted grace and refinement.

He approached her. Ariana gasped as she felt his touch. No man had ever touched her so gently. His touch was as soft as cotton as he caressed her skin. But everywhere he touched her, her skin burned with pleasure.

He caressed her face, running his hand over her cheek. When he let his fingertip trace her thin lips, Ariana opened her mouth and eagerly sucked upon the tip of his digit. His eyes were like burning pools that she could not look away from. It was as if he was staring into her soul.

Slipping his finger from her mouth, she watched as the nail began to grow. But it was not a rounded smooth edge that it came to. It was sharp and pointy. She felt him push his finger back into her mouth.

As if reading his thought, Ariana opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. A moan issued from her lips, as she felt him pierce her tongue with the sharp nail. The copper taste of blood filled her mouth and almost caused her to cum.

He leaned in and kissed her. The touch of his lips upon hers caused her to shiver with delight. Then she felt his soft tongue slide between them and enter her mouth. As if it had a life of its own, it caressed her tongue, stroking the tiny hole he had just created.

Ariana moaned and tried to push herself into him. But the chain held her fast. He controlled just how much tongue she would get. Her eyes grew wide, as she felt his tongue lick every nook and cranny within her mouth.

No man had ever kissed her this way. All her lovers had always pressed their lips hard against hers. But his kiss was different. He wanted her to taste him. Ariana began to suck on his tongue. Small mewing sounds issued from her mouth as she greedily feasted upon him.

If she thought his tongue weird, it did not matter. His kiss was going to the heart of her flaming passion and she no longer cared. Then she felt it grow. It felt almost like a dick as it slowly slid deeper into her mouth. And Ariana opened her mouth wide, slipping her thin white lips around his pink tongue.

To the back of her throat she felt him push it. And to her surprise, she neither gagged nor choked. It snaked back and forth, pushing in and out of her throat. He was fucking her mouth with his tongue. And Ariana felt her pussy reacting to his ministrations.

She whimpered in frustration. She wanted to grab him! Hold him to her as she tried to push even more of his delicious tongue in her throat. But she was helpless and he teased her with it causing her to moan and thrust herself against her bonds.

Ariana felt his sharp nails scratch her tender flesh as his fingertips caressed her skin. Then she felt his sharp tug upon the clamps that were attached to her nipples. 

Suddenly, his tongue was gone. Like a fish out of water, she worked her mouth frantically trying to feel him again. But then a scream issued from her lips as he pulled the chains hard. It felt as if a thousand tiny teeth were biting into her tender nipple.

Even in her pain, Ariana could see the lust in his eyes. No man had ever shown her this look of wanting before. No man, no matter how worked up she would get him, had ever looked at her with the look this dark stranger gave her.

Smiling, he stepped back. Ariana was breathing hard. Her lungs trying to fill themselves after her scream had emptied them. But her eyes never left his. She could not seem to take her eyes off his. It felt as if there should be blood pouring from her abused nipples. But she couldn't take her eyes from his to even look.

"Soon Ariana! Be patient and obedient and soon enough I will give you pleasure like you have never known." His words were said with a conviction that assured her that he would keep his promise. Ariana gulped in air, as his hands caressed her tender skin.

His nails were like the exposed wires of an electric cord as he trailed them upon her body. Every nerve within her was stimulated with the electric feel of them. She turned her head as he walked around her. But as he stood directly behind her, she could not glimpse him. Then she felt his hot tongue on her back.

Every nerve in her body screamed. She screamed! Not in pain. But in the most exquisite pleasure she had ever felt. And that hot tongue seemed to devour her senses. It started right between her shoulder blades. Slowly! Sensuously! It trailed down her spine.

Bound like she was, Ariana had very little ability to move. But that tongue kept her wiggling and squirming as it slid down her back. She gasped as she felt it dive between the cheeks of her ass. It was like a hot poker as it trailed up and down her crack. Ariana groaned as she felt the hard rubber plug being pulled from her hole. 

She was breathing heavy when she felt the tip touch her hole. A groan sounded from her mouth even as she attempted to push her hips back at him. His soft rich chuckle sounded in her mind.

"No man has ever made you feel the things that I will make you feel." Even as he talked, his tongue continued to torment her. How could this be? Then she felt his hands upon her hips. She could feel each individual nail as it bit into her skin. 

On each side of her hips, she felt the four pinpricks as he grasped her hips. Then she felt the nails of what had to be his thumbs as he peeled her cheeks apart. Gasping for air, she moaned. Then she whispered the first word she had said since he started. 

She could feel his hot breath at the opening. She could sense his tongue poised to invade her. No man had ever even touched her back there. And this man was ready to penetrate her there with his tongue. Every fiber of her body cried out for it! Even as her mind recoiled at the nastiness of it!

"Please!" It came out in a barely heard whisper. But she heard the pleading in her voice. His chuckle made her whimper. Like a sex-starved whore, she was begging him. Her voice pleading with him to do what she had never envisioned any man ever doing to her. What she would have never allowed a man to do to her. But this was no ordinary man!

The tip of his tongue touched her skin and she cried out. She felt his sharp tongue as he slowly circled her crinkled hole. Around and around his tongue swirled. Always on the outer fringe, never touching her where she needed it most. It was at the point when she felt the tip of his tongue begin to enter her that she was jerked back to reality.

Ariana stood before her mirror. Her body was drenched in sweat. She was gasping for air and groaning in frustration. Her mind screamed at the lost of the vision she had held in her mind. But even as her wide eyes looked upon her shaking body, she saw the tiny pinpricks on her nipples. Tiny drops of her red blood clung to the tip.

"Give yourself to me! Give yourself to me willingly, and all that you thought and felt can be yours. I will be yours! But you will also be mine! You will belong to me Ariana! To do with as I please! To please me as I wish!"

The words echoed in her head. She had lost it! She knew that she had. There was no other explanation for what was happening to her. She stood looking at herself in the mirror. Her legs were weak. She felt as if everything that she had seen in her mind had already happened to her. 

And with that feeling came the feeling of loss. She had come so close! Ariana felt that if her hallucination, for that was what it had to have been, had lasted but a few seconds longer, she would have achieved the biggest orgasm in her life.

She felt something on her leg. Looking down at herself, Ariana saw a long line of white crème sliding slowly down her thigh. She heard a soft laughter in her mind. As if watching someone else's actions, Ariana saw herself scoop the crème up with her trembling hand.

She made loud slurping noises as she greedily sucked and licked it from her covered fingers. Over and over again she did this until she fell to her knees crying. 

"Please! Please! I don't care if I'm going crazy! I don't care if I am losing my mind! I want it! I want the pleasure! I need it! Oh god please give it to me!"

The voice was harsh and cold. "God has nothing to do with this! Give yourself to me and you will know the pleasure you seek. Become mine, and you will know endless pleasure from now to eternity!"

The image that exploded in her mind almost sent her over the edge. The dark stranger was back. This time, Ariana was stretched out on a hard black table. Her arms and legs were restrained at the corners. Ariana watched as the dark stranger removed his pants.

If she thought his cock was huge while in his pants, the true sight of it almost made her feint. It was like a big black snake. It twisted and turned on its own. The shaft was thick, with thick veins wrapped around it that seemed to wiggle and pulse.

The head was smooth and dark as the blackest night. Shiny almost to the point that looking at it hurt her eyes. There was a big hole in the center from which dripped a deep red liquid. The stranger touched it with his finger and brought the finger to her lips.
