 Ellie couldn't help but feel her life was about to fall to pieces again. A relentless unease settled deep in her belly, warning her the other shoe was going to drop soon. Of course, the notion was silly. She'd hidden herself away quite nicely. The past two years had been spent picking up the pieces and she thought it was more or less back to where it should be. She was actually happy, an emotion that had been foreign to her before she'd finally fled and found herself here.

"Here" being a small town on the cusp of absolutely nowhere. In her teenage years Ellie would sooner die than live in a place like this, but at 28 the town was a sanctuary. Most of the people were transient; truckers, hunters. Here for no more than a few days before driving off down the highway. There were a small few who called the tiny town home, most of whom she knew well by now.

No point worrying about it. Ellie mused to herself in a vain attempt to quiet her humming mind as she wiped down the counter top in Flo's Diner. 

Acknowledging that there was no point dwelling on it didn't keep Ellie from worrying though. She'd been distracted all day, horny and anxious at the same time. It was a hell of a combination and one she didn't much care for. Being easily sidetracked wasn't a good idea when handling food as people tended to be more cantankerous when they were hungry.

The diner's namesake was counting down the drawer while Ellie did the final touch ups before they closed for the night. Watching Flo, Ellie hoped Theo would pull up soon. Now she'd moved in with him, she no longer lived in the little apartment above the diner and didn't want to keep Flo waiting.

Right on cue a truck coming down the road turned into the parking lot before backing into the space left of the door.

"If you're done, you can go ahead and head on out, Ellie." Flo's voice broke her from her train of thought, bringing Ellie back to reality.

"You sure, Flo? I don't mind staying until you're done." She actually did but Flo had saved her ass. If she wanted Ellie to stay an extra ten minutes then that's what she would do.

"Nah, I'm almost done countin'. Just need to fill in the paperwork. No point keeping him waiting." Inclining her head towards the truck, Flo shut the cash register down.

"Thanks, Flo." Finishing with the counter, Ellie put the rag up before bundling up. "See you tomorrow!"

"See ya hun! Tell Theo I said hi."

"I will." With that, she unlocked the front door and stepped outside. Jesus Christ why didn't I bring pants? The knee length skirt did absolutely nothing to protect her legs and the panty hose only took the edge off. It was brisk in the late morning when Ellie had come to work. Now it was pitch black and the cold was out with a vengeance. Ellie couldn't get inside the truck fast enough as she bolted from the diner.

A violent shiver wracking her body as she adjusted to the warm cabin of the truck, Ellie huffed. "It is freezing out there!"

"Come here; I'll warm you up." There was no intonation to his voice but her thoughts wandered anyway. Lifting the console, she scooted into the third seat and all too happily tucked herself up against his side. The man was like a furnace. Hearing him chuckle slightly, she stayed curled up next to Theo as he started to drive off. Reaching for the dial on the radio, Ellie was seconds away from changing the station when the broadcast was interrupted.

"This just in: A prisoner from the Green Ridge Penitentiary escaped earlier this evening. Authorities are searching for the man, but urge the public to not pick up hitchhikers, especially in the surrounding area-"

The announcement was probably going to go on further, but Ellie continued with her channel surfing. "Did he not realize he'll freeze to death out there?" Talking mostly to herself, she gave up on finding a station, turning the volume down and dropping her weight against Theo. 

"Desperation will make a man do stupid things but you'd think he'd of waited until summer." Theo replied. From his tone he didn't think the man would survive the night either.

"Mhmm..." She made a soft noise of agreement, her mind wandering again. Speaking of desperate... The stray thought trailing in her head, Ellie slid her hand down until it was resting inconspicuously on Theo's denim clad thigh.

While she didn't tilt her head to look up at him, she was certain he was watching her out of the corner of his eye. Without question he knew she was up to something. He'd likely be content with waiting to see what all she had in mind.

Sighing quietly to herself, Ellie trailed her fingers across his inner thigh, pleased to note how he shifted his seat and readjusted his grip on the steering wheel. Smirking but still refusing to look at him, Ellie continued with what she was doing. His sudden inability to sit still told her he could feel her tracing fingers even through the thick fabric of his jeans.

When she grew bored of that she turned her attention to his belt, shifting so she could support her weight on her legs and use both hands to get the stupid thing undone. Damn southern men and their belt buckles. Once that was done, Ellie was quick to undo his button and unzip his fly only to find he was going commando. Well, that makes my job easier.

She felt fairly pleased with herself as she wrapped her hand around his cock, languidly stroking up and down. She didn't even need to see his face. His white-knuckled grip on the steering wheel told her exactly what she wanted to know. 

Feeling herself get wet watching and feeling him harden under her touch, Ellie shifted her hips as she wished she had something to push up against. She could also feel her mouth salivating. 

While she enjoyed giving him head, Ellie wasn't normally so gung ho about it but chalked her reaction up to simply being frisky. Not in the mood to waste too much time, once Theo was hard she engulfed him completely.

Ellie belatedly acknowledged that probably hadn't been the smartest decision she'd ever made. She'd surprised Theo to a certain degree, given how the truck jolted.

"Damn it, Eleanor! Could you have fucking warned me?" There was only a slight irritation to his voice despite his words. Her face was the picture of innocence as she let go of his cock with a pop! 

"Oops... We can stop, Theodore, if you wanna." While her words were flippant, she did feel some guilt about startling him.

Hearing him mutter "Damn woman's gonna be the death of me", Ellie grinned like the Cheshire Cat as she felt him start to break and pull over.

As soon at the truck was in park she was back on him, not needing the hand buried in her blonde hair to remind her what she'd been doing prior. While her mouth slid up and down his cock, her tongue laved against the underside of him. 

Feeling him try to get the loose bun on her head undone, all he was really succeeding in doing was pissing Ellie off by pulling out her hair. Swatting his hands away, she undid the bun herself. Her soured expression was placated by the feel of his fingers working their way through her hair. He loved playing with it and she loved having it played with.

Ellie propped her knees up underneath herself in the hopes he'd get the hint. Rewarded with the feel of his hand sliding down her back, she still jolted when he reached the hem of her uniform. Delighting in the feel of his warm hand on her bare flesh, she squirmed impatiently as he pulled down her panty hose and underwear.

Moaning around his cock when his hands were on her again, Ellie heard Theo chucking softly. "It's not polite to talk with your mouth full." he gently admonished, eliciting an annoyed noise from her.

He seemed content with teasing her like she had with him earlier, his fingers tracing across her inner thighs and sensitive folds. As she continued to suck him off, Ellie got more and more agitated with his teasing, squirming in desperation until he finally slipped a finger into her. 

It might just have been a single digit and she might have been wet enough for him to slide his whole fist in on the first try but it was friction and it was something for her to grind against. 

Whimpering, Ellie's attention was split between the cock in her mouth and the finger in her cunt, reinvigorating her efforts to suck him off. He'd sit there and tease her mercilessly until he could get hard again once he'd finished but then she'd have him inside her and that was the only thing she could focus on at the moment. She enjoyed the teasing and the attention but was incredibly impatient at times.

"Well you're just making a mess of yourself on both ends, aren't you, Ellie?" She'd never been particularly neat when giving head and was more than aware of how wet she was between her legs. Goosebumps raised across her flesh when he trailed a wet finger across her dry thigh. 

Ellie lamented him withdrawing his finger, wiggling until she realized Theo was moving. Shifting himself so he could reach her more easily, his hand slipped under her belly to get to her folds rather than across her back. He slid two fingers inside her, using his palm to grind against her clit. She moaned loudly after a minute or two, moving her hips to grind against his hand. 

Oh fuck I'm gonna cum. Normally not so quick to finish, she had been keyed up all day and was making the most of the opportunity. Wrapped up in her own thoughts she didn't notice as his cock slid from between her lips. Ellie closed her eyes and only focused on her own pleasure, grinding up against him.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! She was so close! 

Then he pulled his hand away.

"You fucker, why'd you stop?" Breathless and accusatory, despite her question she didn't even bother trying to put together why he wasn't going to let her cum. Teasing and edging were art forms where he was concerned and Ellie hated him for it. Rather, she claimed she did when she was feeling impatient. Like she was right now.

Looking him in the eye she saw Theo's strained expression. It was always there when they were fucking. Like there was something he was trying to keep tethered. 

"Come here." Cramped as they were in the truck, Ellie still knew exactly what he had in mind from how tense he was and couldn't crawl into his lap fast enough. Straddling him, the two could barely keep it together long enough to get all the right pieces aligned before Ellie sank all the way down on him, moaning happily as she was stretched. 

Whimpering, Ellie was more than eager to bounce up and down on his cock, frantic to reach her orgasm. With both their eyes closed, hands buried in the other's hair with their foreheads pressed together, neither noticed the car pull up behind them.

Feeling herself about to reach the edge again, she drove a hard, fast pace not wanting to give Theo time to get any cutesy ideas if she could avoid it.

The man was notorious for snatching her orgasms from her. All of that paled in comparison to how close she'd been when a knock on the window ripped her orgasm away from her. 

Yelping in fright, Ellie's eyes snapped open only to be blinded by the headlights. Bewildered, she knew when Theo realized what was going on because his grip on her hips tightened to an almost painful point as he slammed her down onto the base of him, feeling more so than hearing a growl come from him. 

Theo being vocal wasn't all that unusual an occurrence. Theo sounding exactly like a pissed off animal on the other hand was not and was extremely disconcerting.

Blinking until she could see again, a still-confused Ellie turned her head towards the window only to duck into the crook of Theo's neck when she saw who it was.

Looking a cop in the eye while hilted on her boyfriend's dick was bad enough. Knowing the cop in question was even worse.

Never one to miss a beat, Ellie about died on the spot when Theo rolled the window down to talk to him. "Hey there, Steve." He barely had to the common decency to sound strained.

Unable to find the resolve to pry herself from Theo's neck, Ellie prayed the conversation would be swift.

She couldn't see Steve's facial expression, but the tone of his voice said he realized what all he'd interrupted. Not that it was easy to miss once Theo rolled the damn window down. 

"Well, I was going to make sure you kids weren't having any problems, but I see that's not the case. There's a search going on further north, y'all need to go home and make sure you lock your doors." Kids. At 28 and 35 they were hardly kids, but she supposed age was relative. That aside, most people weren't willing to start shit with Theo. Escaped convict or not; the one time she'd seen a man try, he'd sat his ass down the moment Theo stood up.

Not emerging from her "hiding spot", Ellie stayed put until she heard the window roll back up. "Is he gone?"

The crunch of gravel under tires confirmed that for her, as well as the feel of Theo's warm hands sliding under her dress, settling on her chilled hips.

"Yes he's gone. You can come out now." Theo seemed pleased with his own joke, ignoring the light scowl on Ellie face.

"Did you have to roll the window down and talk to him?"

"I can hardly ignore the sheriff tapping on the window, Ellie. I'd much rather focus on you but I don't think you'd appreciate an audience."

No, she certainly wouldn't. Her retort was cut short by a staggered moan as his hands trailed up and back down her spine, Ellie shivering in response to his touch. She cooed softly as Theo rolled his hips underneath her, clearly trying to refocus his girlfriend's scattered mind.

As much as Ellie wanted to dive right back into it, she was finding it difficult to do so between Steve's interruption and the new found anxiety about the prisoner. She knew she was perfectly safe with Theo inside the cab of the truck yet couldn't stop herself from glancing out in the woods.

"...lie? Ellie!" The tone of his voice brought her out of her reverie, her attention refocused on Theo. His hands pulled away from under her dress, reaching to cup her face. "You alright there? You zoned out on me."

"I'm sorry, I'm just distracted."

"I can see that. You wanna stop?" Of course despite him giving her an option, Ellie had a suspicion he was hoping for a "no", which she was all too happy to give.

"No." To prove her point, Ellie started moving on her own before letting Theo guide her up and down his shaft, one hand on her hip and another in her hair.

Theo pet and stroked her the whole time, trying to keep her focused on what was going on where they were joined and not outside the truck.

Her breathing changed as she got back into the swing of it, the deeper breaths becoming pants and moans as her movements became more erratic. Theo's grip on her hip kept her fairly steady but Ellie bucked and squirmed as she was brought closer to an orgasm. Theo was more than happy to help her along, his thumb finding her clit and teasing her.

Grasping at his shoulders, Ellie begged him not to stop. She wanted to cum so badly and if he stopped her again she was going to murder him. 

"Theo! Theo please! Oh God, please! Mmmm... don't stop! Please don't stop! Please-" 

"There you go, pretty girl. Cum for me." She stiffened momentarily with a soft squeal before all the tension dropped out of her body, leaning against Theo as she enjoyed her orgasm. Panting against his shoulder, Ellie pushed his hand away from her now over stimulated clit, letting him continue to thrust in and out of her until he reached his own climax. That grip on her hips was back, pulling her down firmly on him while he spoke in her ear as he came. 

Too tired to focus on what he was saying, she elected to just listen to the sound of his voice.

Eventually the pair disentangled themselves, Theo tucking himself back in his pants while Ellie smoothed down her dress. She wasn't going to bother with trying to wrestle her underwear away from her panty hose, or try to put either back on. While she was not looking forward to the dash from the truck to the house, they would be home soon and then she could shower and crawl into bed. Her mind finally quiet, she laid down between the passenger and middle seat, using Theo's thigh as a pillow. She drifted in and out as he started driving again, not quite able to fully fall asleep, aware of Theo messing with her hair.

Naturally, it was when she finally drifted off that the truck lurched; this time through no fault of hers. Adrenaline and the sensation of a strong pressure on her abdomen had Ellie fully awake in an instant. The pressure was Theo using his arm a brace to keep her from slamming straight into the floorboards. 

Theo hadn't been driving particularly fast but the reaction from the truck had them both on edge.

"What the hell?" Confused, Ellie looked around the windows, aware of Theo cussing and the tire light coming on as he got the vehicle back under control.

"Shit. Must have hit something. Stay here."

Nodding, Ellie sat up in the passenger seat, leaning against the window. Turning her head to watch Theo as he worked, the dead tire was the back left one. Not that she could see much once he got everything set up and went to work. 

As the adrenaline wore off Ellie was tempted to doze again but still too strung out. 

Theo wasn't a mechanic but was no stranger to changing a flat. He'd be done soon and then they'd go home and deal with the tire in the morning. They were almost there. 

At the sensation of falling, Ellie didn't scream despite her heart leaping out of her throat. She thought she'd dozed and was having that feeling like the ground around her had dropped off. Expecting to feel the door at her back and the seat underneath her in a split second, she was stunned when the cold air outside to greet her, as well as the earth. 

"Ellie?" Bewildered by her fall and unable to understand how she was outside, Ellie hadn't screamed but obviously Theo had heard her fall out of the truck. The ground dropped off past the road, so he would have to go around the truck before he'd be able to see her. Dazed, she scrambled to stand up but only managed to get onto her hands and knees. Struggling to get her limbs to cooperate, she blinked at the snow underneath her before a hand yanked her up by the collar of her dress.

That was when Ellie screamed. There was no way Theo could of gotten to her that quick. Said scream was cut off by cold metal pressed against her throat. Instinctively growing very still, Ellie was compliant as she was pulled up tight against her captor.

Hysteria filling her, the only thing Ellie could rationalize was that he had found her. That was the only reason this was happening. She wanted to bite and scratch and claw away from the man holding her but she also didn't want her throat slit.

Theo rounded the corner and Ellie saw his body language change when he realized what was going on. In that moment she was starkly aware of how much one's demeanor influenced how they carried themselves. She'd have to be daft to miss that he was a large man but his normal, gentle demeanor often softened his sheer size.

He was pissed and it made him look a foot taller.

Ellie was scared. Obviously of the man whose knife was at her throat, but that small instinctive little voice was warning her to be wary of Theo too. She didn't like being scared of him; It drew up too many memories she was trying to forget.

"I don't know what the fuck you think you're doing, but you're going to let her go or I'll break your fucking neck." Her anxiety renewed, Ellie fidgeted as much as she dared. This was a bad situation and she wanted to be far, far away from it.

"You take one step closer and I slit her open from ear to ear." That immediately stilled her. "Did you finish with the tire?"
