 She was in Hell...literally. 

The torture continued for a very long time. She lost track of it till she didn't know whether it'd been months or years, and during that time her torturer used a number of different tools and methods. He stabbed her with flaming swords, cut through her skin and flesh with scalpels, resorted to electric shocks, dropped acid all over her, boiled her in oil, filleted her -just to mention a few- and then, when he was done, he'd start all over again. He was vicious in his methods and yet, she wouldn't scream or beg him to stop. She just kept her eyes wide shut and didn't utter a word. He could tell she was in excruciating pain because every time he approached her she flinched and smelt of fear but that was her only response to his 'work'.

He was growing increasingly curious about her and decided to resort to one of his best talents. His victims weren't aware of it, but he'd become exceedingly good at reading their minds. That was how he knew how to break them. He'd listen carefully and attentively to each and every one of their thoughts and then decide his course of action –his torture technique- based on the information he'd acquired from them.

He started paying close attention to her mind and was even more surprised when he found out what her inner thoughts were. Whenever she was being tortured, she'd lose herself in memories of her past life: blue skies, walks on the beach, red and yellow sunrises, green forests, rainy days, chocolate; the list went on and on. It was kind of corny, but it was everything she'd enjoyed when alive and now missed. She'd always focus hard on those ideas as he cut through her flesh.

Since his usual methods weren't working, he reconsidered what he'd done so far and thought of spicing things up a little. She was on the rack, again. It was the beginning of a new day and she wondered what he'd try this time. He was the worst torturer she'd ever faced and didn't know how much longer she'd be able to stand the pain. She lifted her head and saw him standing in front of her. He was leaning towards her holding a double-edged knife which he'd already used before and she remembered. "Ok, looks like he's running out of ideas. Here we go for another round!" she thought.

Deep down she wanted to yell at him, tell him what a sick bastard he was, but she knew very well that it'd do no good. She'd reacted that way the first time she'd been tortured and back then her torturer, some hideous guy named Dash, had actually enjoyed it and retorted "how much he liked feisty girls." So, since then, she'd just kept her mouth shut and tried to hang on till the torture was over.

He knew exactly what she was thinking and couldn't help smiling as he gently stroked her face. She took a deep breath and looked at him completely confused. Then, he brought the knife up to her neck and saw her flinching. He slowly and sensually slid the blade down her sides and proceeded to cut her clothes off. She felt the cold steel of the blade ghosting her body as he carefully cut through the fabric. He was done within minutes and she found herself naked and fully exposed to him. She couldn't help wondering why he'd been so careful and hadn't carved into her flesh yet. He just kept stroking her body with the knife as he gave her a playful smirk.

After that, he took a few steps back and sat in an armchair. He looked up and down and stared at her for endless minutes. Then, he moved his hand in the air and the chains obeyed his command. Her arms were moved up above her head and her legs were spread farther apart. He gave her a lustful look and she saw bright green flames igniting at her feet. The flames soon grew bigger and started engulfing her body. She felt the fire burning through her skin and yet, her body remained intact. She was in great pain, she could almost feel her flesh sizzling, but she looked exactly the same. There was no visible damage; only the pain was she feeling.

Despite her pain, she noticed that the fire was behaving strangely. It felt like a tongue and hands roaming her body. She felt fingers running through her hair and digging in her shoulders. Then, she sensed fingers going down her front to her breasts and felt a tongue circling her nipples. She looked up at the man and noticed the lust in his eyes and his increasing arousal.

Next, she felt hands on her inner thighs moving all the way up to her butt as they started cupping it. She tried to move forward away from them but she felt something on her front caressing her sensitive core till it suddenly and forcefully thrust inside her. The pain was unbearable and she was about to scream, but when she opened her mouth, a fiery tongue darted inside it and plundered it. She almost choked as it kept pushing inside her mouth till it hit the back of her throat. The thrusts up her core kept increasing at the same time and she felt the fire going deeper and faster inside her while hands kneaded her breasts.

The fire had filled her completely and she was shaking and fighting against the chains, but the more she fought, the stronger their hold on her was, and the more pleased her torturer seemed. Then, she finally understood it: he was the fire. It was the same bright green shade of his eyes. It was his hands, his tongue...it was him inside of her. He was raping her without even touching her. She felt sick and tried to shield herself in her mind and find shelter in the memories of her life but every time she tried to do it, the thrusts intensified and the increased pain brought her back to her current reality.

This went on all day and she thought she was going to pass out, she even begged for it in her mind, but she stayed awake and fully aware of everything that he was doing to her. Then, when he was finally done with her, the fire went out and he released the restraints. She dropped down to the floor, unable to move from all the pain she was in and doing her best to hold her tears. As usual, he approached her, and then gently lifted her head as he repeated his offer. She felt tears running down her face and couldn't hold her sobs anymore. And yet, she looked away and remained silent.

Realizing she wasn't going to break, he put her in her cage and walked away, but before leaving he looked back at her and said out loud "by the way, you looked so beautiful in my fire...and you felt and tasted even better. We'll have to do it again, sweetheart...real soon!" That said, her torturer left and she cried till she had no tears left. He'd almost broken her that day and that terrified her. She'd never be able to hurt anyone, but the pain, the helplessness she'd felt, had been almost unbearable and she didn't know if she'd be able to turn down his offer next time.

She was rocking back and forth in her cage and didn't notice that he hadn't actually left. He was standing out of her sight, prying into her mind. He was fascinated by her endurance and wanted to know how to break her. He'd been very close today, though. She would've cried and screamed for help if he'd only let her and he felt pleased with himself "she's so close...so close" and it was intoxicating.

She was curled up in her cage and kept repeating the same mantra in her head: "Mikey is okay. He's alive and well. Nothing else matters. You're strong, you can take it." She went on and on for hours on end, and he wondered who this Mikey was and what had happened with him and, above all, why he was so important to her.



In Hell: New and Improved Techniques

It was a new day and she was on the rack, again. She remembered the torture of the previous day and couldn't help trembling. Luckily, her torturer wasn't there yet and she felt somewhat relieved...at least she'd have a few moments of peace to herself. Thus, she took a few deep breaths, thought of Mikey, and tried to calm down. 

As usual, he was sitting in the dark, hiding from her sight, enjoying the smell of fear emanating from her. He loved the anticipation. He always took great pleasure from that instant previous to the actual torture when he could see the terror in his victim's eyes. He found it deliciously intoxicating and knew this time it'd be even better. 

He approached her slowly and saw her squirming against her restraints in response. This time he'd decided to use leather straps instead of chains and she could feel them burning against her skin as she fought. She was standing, spread-eagled, facing him. 

He stepped closer to her till they were only a few inches apart, and with a quick movement of his hand, he stripped her off her clothes. She remembered clearly their previous 'session' –as 'he' liked to call them- and felt terror taking over her. She froze and gasped for air wide-eyed as he ghosted his fingers on her naked flesh and smiled wickedly. He stared at her indulging in her terror and took a few steps back. Slowly, he took his own clothes off and approached her again till he was leaning against her. 

She felt heat radiating off of his body and tried to pull away but the straps strengthened their hold on her. And then, all of a sudden, the restraints on her ankles loosened their grip and she immediately felt an invisible force lifting her legs up and wrapping them around his waist. 

He looked into her eyes and felt lust building up inside him. He kissed her ravenously and bit her lower lip till it bled in his mouth as he pressed his body against hers, his hands all over her, fingers painfully digging in her flesh, nails leaving scratches everywhere he touched her. 

She squirmed trying to pull away but no matter how hard she tried, it was helpless, and then she felt his length sliding inside her. She gasped at the suddenness of the intrusion and threw her head back while he, seeing her response, smiled evilly and licked and bit her now exposed neck while his thrusts became increasingly violent. 

She kept fighting him, moving frantically trying to pull away from him but failing completely. And yet, the more she fought, the more pleased he appeared to be. She wished she'd pass out but that wasn't an option in Hell. After all, where was the fun in torture if your victim fainted? Her mantra was all she had: "Mikey is ok. He's alive and well. Nothing else matters. You're strong, you can take it." She endlessly repeated those words in her head and kept her eyes squeezed shut. 

She felt his length painfully shoving up inside her and she thought "okay, the dude is really big and he won't play nice...at all! Gosh, this is really gonna hurt!" He smirked, secretly flattered by her thoughts, while he dug one hand deep into her skin leaving an imprint of bruises on her hip and scratching her ribs with the other one. 

Their bodies were pressed together and she felt his heavy breath on her cheek and neck. She was writhing in agony and hearing his moans in her ear while he went deeper and harder inside of her. She soon lost track of time as he ravished her till she no longer knew how long it'd been. 

Finally, he was done with her and stepped away. As usual, she was released and dropped to the floor. He got dressed and looked at her: her body was covered with bruises and scratches, tears streaking her face, and a thin line of blood trickling between her legs down her sore thighs. 

He seemed pleased as he approached her and lifted her head. She was expecting the usual offer and was surprised when she heard him say "Say you're mine...say it!" She closed her eyes and turned her head away. "Fine. As you like it. We have all the time in the world, baby," he said angrily. 

He then flipped his hand and she was instantly healed and back in her small cage and she immediately curled up and cried bitterly while he walked away. 





Want to read more dark stories? Check out my bio and contact me as well...:-)

Hope you enjoy this installment!