 The boys sat in the car and stared at the club. It didn't look like they expected. The building was dirty and old, plain brick with a flat top roof. The sign for the club that just said "Crimson" was regular red neon, just like anywhere else you would go. They had come here specifically because of what the bar was supposed to be, but by the looks of it, it could have been anything.

Danny took the last drag off the joint they had been sharing and put it out. "I'm not too sure about this," he said.

"Looks can be deceiving," Bill replied.

"You should have told us about this fetish a long time ago," Mike said.

"Yeah," Danny added. "We were starting to thing you were gay."

"Not that there's anything wrong with that," Mike added.

"How does me not hitting on girls at the clubs make me gay?" Bill asked.

"How does it not?" Danny replied.

"I didn't hit on any guys, did I?" Bill asked.

Danny paused to think about that for a minute. "That could make you something even stranger I guess," Danny said rubbing his goatee.

"He is strange," Mike said as he watched two Goth looking girls with short black dresses and dark fish net stockings enter the bar. "I'm open to it though."

"Good," Bill said opening the car door and sliding out. "Let's go."

The other two boys got out and fell in line behind him.

Bill opened the door and heavy metal music flooded out.

They entered the bar and looked around. There were at least sixty people on the dance floor paired off. The men wore mostly leather and red button up shirts. The women wore ensembles of leather and lace. Each had their own style, but if looked upon from a distance they all looked quite similar. The boys wore jeans and tee-shirts. Bill looked around the floor and could only think, "Posers"

He loved the look, but knew the majority were just playing the part. He believed the vampire was in the attitude. The vampire came from inside.

"What's this music?" Danny asked distastefully.

"In this moment," Bill answered. "They're a very good band."

"Do we know you at all?" Mike asked.

Bill smiled. "We all have our little secrets," he said and put his arms around the boys. "Let's get some drinks."

They cut around the dance floor and up to the bar. The bartender looked at Bill immediately. He had a brood look to him. He was pale of course with reddish lips, but they didn't look painted on. He wore a couple earrings and a leather coat, but the rest of him didn't match the club. He had denim with holes in the knees and a black Sabbath shirt. He looked comfortable. "Now that's natural," Bill thought. The bartender approached Bill seemingly ignoring Danny and Mike.

"Thirsty?" the bartender asked.

"Very," Bill replied. "Three of your best choice."

The bartender went to get the drinks. "If he returns with a Bloody Mary I'm going to kick you in the cunt," Mike said.

Bill laughed. "You'll drink it and like it."

Before Mike could respond a woman approached the bar and stood next to Bill. Bill looked over and felt all the air leave his lungs. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She was as tall as him and skinny, but she was fit. She had the pale white skin of a vamp, but it looked natural and radiant. Her black hair flowed to her middle back. Bill looked at her curves. She had b-cup breasts that were pushed up perfectly in a red leather and lace corset. She wore yoga pants that showed off her ass so well, that Bill's cock throbbed just looking at it. To top everything off she had leather boots that went to her knees. All this information came in a second. She also had tattoos on her arms and many piercings which covered her ears and one on her lip.

Bill finally found his breath and said "Hi." She looked over at him with dark brown eyes. "Hi," she said tilting her head in a curious manner. "Now what," Bill thought. "Fuck it; just say what you're thinking."

"You took my breath away there," Bill told her.

She smiled showing the realest vampire teeth he had ever seen. "Would you like me to take your breath away again?" she asked in a sultry voice and licked her teeth. "For eternity," he responded as if in a trance. She smiled even wider and looked him over from head to toe. Bill was six feet tall, his blonde hair he left in a mess that always looked like it was on purpose. He was about one hundred and eighty pounds of solid muscle. He worked out daily and it showed. He was clean shaven with blue eyes.

"Eternity is a very long time," she said. "Are you sure that's what you want?"

"It's all I've ever wanted," Bill replied.

"BACK OFF FAGGOT," A guy yelled pushing Bill backwards as he appeared seemingly out of nowhere, but before Bill or either of his friends could react the whole club stopped and turned to face them. It was almost as if the club was a whole and decided this was not acceptable. Bill and the man looked around at everyone. No one moved or spoke, they just watched. Bill decided he should address the man first, as that was his imminent threat, so he moved back to where he was and looked at the man who pushed him.

The "pretend vamp" as Bill saw him, was a little taller than Bill, and a lot bigger. He had long blonde Fabio like hair and a beard which made him look more like a Viking than a vampire. Though Bill probably should have been afraid, he wasn't. In fact, he couldn't remember a time in his life when he was. It's as if he wasn't capable of the emotion. Even though Bill wasn't afraid, he wasn't stupid either. He knew that a fight never got you the girl. Despite what many men think, a woman does what she wants. If the girl, who was watching intently, wanted to be with this guy, then nothing he did would change that fact. Bill knew this and had no intention on starting the fight. However he couldn't just walk away either. He had to make sure that when he walked away, it was on his terms.

"I'm sorry," Bill said holding up his hands. "I didn't know she was spoken for."

"Well now you do," the Viking vamp said.

"Doesn't change anything of course," Bill said.

"What's that mean?"

"Didn't anybody ever tell you it's not the man you have to worry about?" Bill asked.

Before the Viking could respond Bill looked over at the girl. "A lot of aggression this one has," Bill said to her. "That's usually making up for something. If you get tired of Captain tiny dick, I'll be around." The Viking went for the swing, but before he got his arm completely back the girl grabbed him by the wrist. The man looked over at her. She was smiling more than ever now. "Let me calm you down," she said to him, and led him away to the back of the club. Of course the guy followed very willingly. After a brief pause everyone in the club then went back to what they were doing.

Bill put a twenty dollar bill on the bar and grabbed his drink. He walked across the dance floor to one of the tables that lined the far wall, his friends followed. They all sat down and sipped their drinks. The boys didn't say anything, and wouldn't say anything until Bill did. They had never seen Bill in a confrontation and weren't sure how to gauge him. No one in school had ever messed with him.

"Do you like the drinks?" Bill asked, breaking the silence after several minutes of brooding.

"It's not bad," Danny said relaxing. He hadn't even realized how tense he was until then. Mike was about to respond himself but hit Bills arm instead and pointed to the dance floor.

Bill looked in the direction Mike pointed and saw the girl standing in the middle of the dance floor looking at him hungrily. "She must have dispersed of the captain," Mike said with a huge grin. The girl gave Bill the come hither gesture. Bill felt his balls actually rise and tighten. "If I leave with her," Bill began without taking his eyes off her. "We know," Mike said, "We won't wait." It was always the plan with them, but Bill had never left with a woman before, so he just said it to be sure. He didn't wait for anymore banter and got up.

Bill met her on the floor and she put her arms around his shoulders and began to sway. He put his hands on her hips and moved with her. She was intoxicating. He loved her smell but couldn't say what it was. He knew it wasn't perfume, it was her natural smell.

"Bill," is all he managed to say to her at the start. Luckily she smiled and his pulse calmed a little. "Elena," she said in return. "Elena," he repeated. "I like that name." Elena didn't reply, she just kept her eyes on his and moved to the slow music.

"Do I have to watch my back for that guy?" Bill asked.

"Are you worried?" Elena asked raising an eyebrow.

"No" Bill replied with a smile. "I can take care of myself."

"But can you take care of me?" Elena asked. Her dark eyes seemed to drive deeper into his. It's like she was reading him.

The smile left Bills face and more sternly and seriously than he ever meant to sound he said, "In every way that matters, you better believe I can."

Elena studied him for a second longer and then showed her fangs in the biggest smile yet. She closed the gap between them and wrapped her arms tightly around him pressing her body to his. Bills heart jumped and raced. Elena's lips were right next to his neck. He thought for a second that she was smelling him. She rubbed the back of his neck with her hand as they moved, still dancing.

"I live upstairs" Elena whispered into his ear.

Bills cock grew. "An apartment?" He asked.

"Yes," Elena responded. "We go out back and up the stairs."

"Alright," Bill whispered back. It was all he could say.

Elena backed up and took his hand. She began leading him off the dance floor. Bill looked over and nodded to his friends to make sure they understood, but they didn't see him. Bill smiled; they were busy with their own little vamps that had approached them.

Elena led Bill outside holding his hand the whole time. They went up a set of stairs that looked more like a fire escape then an apartment entrance. At the top she opened the blood red door and led him into her abode.

Once inside Bill looked around curiously. It was an older building but this made her decorations seem more at home. It was a small studio apartment. Everything but the bathroom was out in the open. The living room had a blood red sofa facing a flat screen that was mounted on the wood paneled wall. At the far end of the room was the kitchen. The kitchen had a small fridge, an even smaller oven, and a microwave. There were several wall cabinets, but they couldn't hold much. In between the kitchen and living room was a Queen sized bed covered in rumpled black sheets and pillows. "A strange layout to be sure," he thought, but Bill like it. It somehow made sense to him.

"It's got everything I need," Elena said, as if reading Bill's thoughts.

"I like it," Bill told her. She smiled. It pleased her. "Plus, Bill continued, I think a closet would look amazing if it contained you."

"That might be the creepiest thing you ever said," Bill thought to himself.

Elena didn't mind. She walked over to the bed, still pulling Bill along. She sat him down on the mattress and stepped back. Elena began to slowly undress. Bill watched completely unaware that he wasn't breathing. She untied her corset and loosened it letting it drop to the floor. This unveiled the perkiest breasts and tightest abs he'd ever seen. On her belly she had tattoos of six shooters sticking out of her pants. The barrels pointed down between her legs.

Elena rubbed her b cup breasts and ran her hands over her stomach to the top of her pants. She bent over to untie her boots. She kicked the boots off and squeezed out of her pants revealing the barrels on the guns. She wore no underwear and her pussy was waxed clean.

Bill was breathing again, but it was at an irregular pace. He could hear his heartbeat in his ears. Elena came up to him and pulled this shirt over his head throwing it across the room. She then knelt before him and unbuckled his belt. She grabbed hold of it with her teeth and pulled the belt free spiting it to her left. Still smiling she removed his boots and his jeans. He was now standing to help her. Finally she pulled down his boxers revealing his manhood which was now harder than it had ever been in his life.

Elena caressed Bill's penis. It seemed like she was admiring it. Bill was proud of his dick. It was between 7 and 8 inches and had a good amount of girth. Elena took his member and shoved it in her mouth. Bill let out a sigh and a shiver. Elena gave a moan of appreciation and sucked slowly. She was able to take his whole cock in her mouth, and when she did this, Bill could feel her fangs scraping his skin. This made him even more excited. Elena now rubbed Bill's balls giving him that fantastic tingle. His balls tightened in response. He looked down at her unable to truly believe this was happening. How could he ever have a woman like this in his presence, not to mention in his or her bedroom?

Elena pulled the now soaking wet penis from her mouth and looked up at him. She rubbed his stomach with her hands and then pushed him down on the bed. His knees were weak and he collapsed. As Bill lay on the bed looking up, he noticed the huge mirror above the bed. He hadn't noticed it before because he was so focused on her. What else hadn't he noticed? He moved all the way up the bed and lay down waiting on Elena. He stared in the mirror. You could see the entire bed and around it on the floor. He could see everything but Elena. This struck him and he looked down to find her. She was between his legs and before he could respond to this startling revelation, she shoved his cock back in her mouth and began sucking ferociously.

Bill threw his head back with a moan and looked back in the mirror. He could see his cock standing straight up and moving around. The skin was drawing back and forth as Elena sucked him. "This is real," Bill thought. "Dear God, this is real."

Bill looked down to see Elena again. She was there alright; she was drooling all over his dick drawing him closer and closer to orgasm. "Fuck me," he thought and grabbed hold of her head. She grabbed both his wrists and held him down while sucking even harder. Bill looked up and watched the mirror. He groaned and shot the first stream of semen into Elena's mouth. Elena moaned in response. Bill shot another four streams of cum into her, watching the whole time as cum spewed from his cock, swish around his cock and then move south when she swallowed only to disappear in her stomach.

Bill spasmed for several minutes as Elena sucked his sensitive cock clean and he shrank in her mouth. Finally she released him from her grips, and her mouth. He looked down at her. She smiled up at him and kissed his dick on the head. She began licking him again. He was still sensitive, but not as bad and it felt good. Bill couldn't speak. This is what he always wanted, true, but it was scary to actually have it. He put his head back and tried to think while Elena continued her tongue massage.

Bill didn't get much thinking done because in less than thirty seconds he felt a needle prick on his dick.

"Ow," Bill responded with a little jump. Elena looked at him and put her finger to her mouth in a shhh sign. Bill quieted. Looking into Elena's eyes seemed to have that effect on him. Elena took her finger and sucked it while Bill watched, then she brought the tip of her finger to the front of her mouth and used her fangs to bite it. A small drip of blood appeared. Elena took the finger, still staring into Bill's eyes, and rubbed it on the bleeding cut she made on his penis.

Bill took a deep breath when she did this. It burned. She began rubbing the blood in and the more she did this the more the burning sensation disappeared. After only a couple of seconds the burning was gone completely and to Bill's shock his cock began to grow again. It was getting hard on its own. Bill didn't even have to think about it. Soon his cock was harder than ever. It was almost painfully hard. Elena licked him from base to head. Bill could see the blood on her tongue. When Elena took him back in her mouth she went all the way to the base. Bill moaned and fell back down.

Elena sucked for only about twenty seconds as she moved her hands up his body to his chest. She gave one final lick and climbed up towards him. Her body rubbed on his all the way up. When her breasts rubbed the sides of his cock it throbbed. Bill now looked into her eyes again and found himself under her spell. He would do anything she wanted, even if it hurt.

Elena didn't ask anything of him, but she was in control. She took his dick and sat down on it. Bill was at the age where he thought about sex a lot, but never in his years had he thought of the concept of the perfect fit. It would either be tight or loose, but not perfect. How could anything such as that exist? He didn't know the answer to that, but here it was. Inside of Elena everything felt perfect.

Elena put one hand loosely around his neck and the other propped on his chest for leverage. She began riding him at a steady pace. Bill could see past her in the mirror and again could only see himself with his skin being contoured in certain places and his dick bobbing up and down. He decided to ignore this for the time being and focus on Elena.

Bill watched her ride him. He watched her hair fall around her face, he watched her lick her lips hungrily, he watched her tits bounce and her hard nipples beg to be played with. Bill put his left hand on her right breast and his right hand on her toned ass. He squeezed her nipple and gave her a slap. Her eyes widened and she began riding more vigorously. Bill wanted to play with her more, he wanted to take control, but the increase in speed put him on another level and was edging him towards another orgasm.

As if Elena sensed his impending release she slowed down. Bill looked into her eyes questioningly. "You said you wanted eternity," Elena said. "Is that still true?"

"Yes," Bill responded hoarsely. "I want eternity with you."

Elena smiled again. Her fangs seemed even more prominent then before. She took her own wrist and bit into it. A stream of blood was produced. She put her wrist to his mouth and without hesitation Bill sucked it. The taste of her blood could not be described, not while he was alive anyways. There was nothing to compare it with. The real surprise to Bill was the warmth. He expected it to be cold, even though he had been feeling her warmth for a while now. Bill drank greedily until Elena pulled her arm away.

Elena licked his lips and without a word lay fully on top of him with her mouth next to his neck. Bill wrapped his arms around her. When he did this she began slamming her pelvis down on him. She was fucking him so hard that the smacks of flesh echoed in the room. Whatever edge Bill had lost with the short break came back in an instant.

Bill put his hands on Elena's ass and began thrusting back at her. He was breathing hard now and his heart was beating like a drum. He could feel his head flush with blood and when her teeth scraped his neck his cock throbbed.

Bills first moan as well as his first wave of cum was met with Elena's teeth entering his blood stream. The bite hurt but the pain was good, it added to his orgasm.

Bill grabbed the back of her head, not to pull her away, but to hold her close. As Bill orgasmed he looked in the mirror. He could see his cum building up in the space above his stomach. He could also see a pool of blood where Elena's stomach was and a stream running from his neck down to it.

He wasn't in pain anymore, just pleasure. He could feel his heart off beat and thumping hard. It was running out of blood to move. His body had become weak now and he could feel himself dying. As he slipped away things in the mirror began to change. His cum and blood was now being swallowed up by organs appearing. Muscles began to form in front of his eyes and then skin and hair developed. In less than thirty seconds Elena's full form appeared on top of him and he could see the dragon tattoo on her back as she continued grinding him.
