 Vivian's POV

Well, there I was, the summer of 1975 and supposedly in the throes of passion but I was still waiting for it to happen. 

Yep, there he was, Donald Jacobson, a forty year old investment banker who I happened across a few months back at some club that I went to while tailing a lead on some serious vampire action that was leaving young male and female clubbers dead in local dumpsters. 

I got bored that night and that guy showed up when I was at my lowest point of boredom which basically sent me reeling backwards on my horrible relationship roller coaster that typically never had me screaming and making no serious loop-de-loops. 

Yeah, there I was under this dark haired and not too bad looking business man who was just having the time of his life while I was once again counting the tiles on his ceiling. 

God, I was so bored! 

What was worse, I laid there under him listening to all his moans and grunts while I wondered when he was gonna get it over with so I could tend to my needs in the bathroom. I had hoped that night would have been different. Perhaps I had hoped to get a little freaky deaky but this guy's idea of freaky was basically doing me because I was definitely the freaky one out this so called thing he might call a relationship. 

My lips puckered while he continued thrusting away like he knew what he was doing. Yeah right. 

I wanted something different. I was tired of damned salt and pepper when I wanted the whole spice rack. I think I only chose that idiot because of his dark hair. Oddy I had developed this thing for dark hair for the past five years. I used to have no preference. But I wished he had brown eyes, had blue eyes but weren't half as gorgeous as mine. 

Maybe I could get a real genuine rise out of this tool, I thought, out of his damned tool. 

My lips formed a naughty smirk as my eyes looked to his straining shoulder. Hmm, he knew I wrote about nothing but vampires and perhaps he might like a little nibble. 

My eyes shifted and looked to his straining face. I grimaced in thought, was he trying to take a dump or something? 

I shook my head and again studied that shoulder muscle. I pressed my lips together then slicked them with my tongue. I wondered what simple tasted like. My left brow curiously lifted as I parted my lips. I bared my teeth then bore them down on his shoulder.

Well, that hadn't worked as I thought it would. 

I came stumbling out of his loft apartment, spun around and flipped him off then shouted, "Oh, go fuck yourself, Don!" 

It was midnight and every damned neighbor was gonna wake up hearing me swearing at the idiot. 

I shouted at him, "Yeah, fuck yourself!" I grumbled, "That's all you're good at because you sure in the fuck ain't good at fucking me!" 

My dress was tossed into my face then the apartment door slammed. 

I stood there and planted my hands my hands on my hips with my eyes narrowed at his door. "Fucking boring as hell, prick!" I grumbled loudly then proceeded to dress in the brightly lit corridor tugging up my black body hugging halter dress that had those adorable bright red cherries dotted everywhere. 

As I zipped up the back of my dress, I continued to grumble under my breath, "God, I should have just stayed home." I angrily added, "Could have fucked myself." I leaned against the banister slipping on one red peep toe Mary Jane then the other. I bent down and grabbed my black patent leather belt and purse. 

"So, long cock sucker!" I shouted then left the guy's building.

I stepped out into the night. The air was still warm from the day's heating. 

I removed my comb from my purse and gathered my ass length hair over my shoulder then proceeded to comb it out. There weren't too many tangles since some asshole didn't know how to make my body move. I glared up at his dark window then grumbled, "Schmuck." 

I tucked my comb back into the purse, pulled out my patent leather cigarette case and red lipstick. I flipped open the cigarette case and used the mirror so I could again make my lips perfect. I pressed my lips together then removed a cigarette and tucked it between my lips then put away the lipstick and fetched my silver flip lighter. 

I thought, having a cigarette after horrible sex. My eyes rolled. 

"Yep, the story of my life." I bitched a little more then moved down the sidewalk and hoped a cabby would come by. 

Midnight was a horrible time to stroll the streets, who knows what desperate bums you'd run into. Thankfully there were quite a few folks still walking about since it was Saturday night and the weather was descent. 

I guess I seemed like a bitch on a mission because people parted as the sea had for Moses. My spiked six inch heels stomped as I neared the end of the block. I puffed away on my cigarette practically blowing smoke and dropping ashes in passing folks' faces because, face it, I didn't give a shit. 

When I got to the corner of the building some moron came abruptly around it and slammed into my shoulder which caused me to make a spin. 

"Hey, watch it, you fucker!" I shouted. 

That broad shouldered douche bag looked over at me and grimaced as if I was the one who ran into him. 

I flipped him off. Damn stupid bushy haired Sasquatch, I noted in thought. 

He turned entering the building beside me. 

My lips puckered. Oh, I grumbled in thought, he chose the wrong woman to slam into and at a bad time. 

I marched to the door as it started to close, ignored the blinking sign hung above the door which stated it was a gentleman's club, strip club in laymen terms. 

I entered the strip joint on a mission to give that fluffy dirty blonde a word of advice. I stomped passed the doorman who seemed shocked that a woman had entered, he couldn't even muster the words to ask why I was there. 

I stepped through the secondary entrance, ignored the sight of the topless dancers swinging around chrome poles. My determined blue eyes scanned then noticed the guy's unmistakable head as he wove through the many tables filled with ogling men. 

I stomped down a set of steps and kept a close eye on where that tool was headed. I saw him slip through a poorly draped entryway. A skimpy dressed waitress strolled by and I tossed my cigarette into a full glass of liquor then continued on my way. 

I was fed up with men for they all had this thought they had something to offer but they didn't, especially to me! 

I ignored the idiots who blatantly asked me for a lap dance while I weaved about the tables, my eyes focused on that black curtain. When I got to the curtain it came open and a topless twit came sauntering out with a wad of cash. She actually looked at me strange which prompted me to snootily ask, "What not used to seeing a woman wearing clothes?" 

She stuck her nose up at me and continued counting her earnings. 

I rolled my eyes and barged through the curtain. 

My eyes scanned down a corridor lit up by multi-colored neon lights with doors on either side. Well, I noted, that dickhead was passed one of those doors and I determined, going to have to hunt his ass down. 

I went to the first door, locked then the one across and it too was locked. I made my way down the line of black painted doors and each one was locked. I heard a shitload of moaning and groaning passed all those locked doors which meant there was more than private lap dances going on. With a grimace, I thought, men were pigs and those ladies were whore sows. Yeah, I was a slut in my own right, only when I felt like it but I was no whore and never got shit out of being a slut besides some serious boring romps. 

I reached the end of the corridor where the final door was in front of me. "You better be unlocked." I grumbled at the door as if it were magically gonna open up on its own. I reached for the brass handle but before I could grab it the door swung open and there he was. 

My eyes narrowed with my fists planted against my hips. 

"What the hell do you want?" he crudely asked as if he didn't do shit.

"Really," I grumbled at him then swung my peep toe forward kicking him in the shin then reminded him of his discretion, "You fucking slammed into me out on the sidewalk, remember?"

"Damn it!" he shouted bent over rubbing his chin then stupidly asked, "Lady, what's your problem?"

"Seriously," I bobbed my head then scolded him, "What happened to telling a lady you're sorry when you practically knock her on her ass, huh?" 

"I take it back," he groaned then rose up on his stilts, his thin lips grinned then he insulted, "Bitch, what's your damned problem?"

My lips gaped with a gasp. He just called me a bitch. Yes, I was a bitch but only I was allowed to make that statement. I prepared to knock him in his head.

"Billy," called a voice from behind the blonde ape in front of me, "What seems to be the problem?"

My strike never came, loved the sound of scold in that voice. "Yeah, Billy," I sarcastically shouted his name, "What's your problem?"

I watched him lean then look passed the partially closed door. 

"She kicked me in the leg." that Billy dick head whined to whomever he was speaking to while pointing back at me, "Jer," he whined like a little bitch, "She actually kicked me." 

I crossed my arms as he turned his head and glared at me. "What's wrong, Billy, would ya preferred that I kick you in your balls, huh?" I asked him then puckered my lips.

He leaned forward and aimed his beady eyes at me with a hateful glare. Then he said with a whisper, "I don't like you."

I leaned forward and whispered back, "Feeling's mutual." 

"Billy!" the man inside shouted.

I gleefully praised with a gleam in my eyes, someone was in trouble.

That Billy guy somewhat growled under his breath then watched him step back opening the door as if inviting me inside. 

I was offended and stated, "Hey, I ain't the entertainment." 

Billy nodded in agreement but kept his mouth shut.

An evil grin formed over my lips, "Well, I hope you learned your lesson, young man." I spoke to him as if he were an adolescent punk then nearly giggled, "Nice meeting ya, Billy!" 

I spun on my heels. 

"Please." the man inside the room called. 

I asked myself. What could this guy possibly want? 

I paused then glanced over my shoulder with a questioning frown across my eyes. I watched dumbass step back further making the door open wider. 

Oh my! 

I was pleasantly surprised because what I saw on the inside of that private room was nothing but hmm-hmm good. I turned to the side as I took a good look at shit for brain's chum or perhaps boss man. I praised, quite a turn of events. 

I faced forward and took a few steps to the door, made my lips a more subtle pucker. "Yes?" I asked this man, used my more delicate voice. The other I used for shits like Billy the chump.

This well spoken man asked, "What did my friend do that upset you?" 

Oh, lordy, what a voice! What a damned mouth that went with those lips! 

I had a strange attraction to mouths, especially full lips, and, well, he had one hell of a mouth.

"Oh," I pointed at the tool still glaring at me, "He was very disrespectful." I quickly glanced at Billy whose nostrils were flaring a bit. I laid it on thick with my damsel in distress routine, "I was minding my own business when he came rushing around the corner and almost knocked me over and didn't even apologize." 

I looked to Billy again and winked because I was getting his ass in trouble.

"Billy," this ebony haired man with the killer lips said with a scold, "Apologize to the beautiful woman."

I leaned back against the doorway and batted my blues at the fuming Billy.

Like a good little bitch boy, Billy reluctantly apologized, "I'm sorry that I ran into you like I did." 

"Oh, don't worry about it." I sang and swatted Billy's broad shoulder with my purse, "But thanks and," I looked to Mister Hot Lips, "And thank you." 

The man immediately asked, "Well, could I make up for Billy's behavior by offering you a drink?" With his deliciously manicured hand he gestured to the bottle of Champaign set in a silver ice bucket and two long stem glasses.

Oh, it was tempting. Yet, it was a simple night club, a strip club. "I'm sorry but I'll have to pass." I graciously declined, "This isn't my kind of place because I happen to have clothes on but thank you anyways." I turned around but first I again winked at tall britches then gave him a quick pat on the cheek with my purse and sang, "See ya, Billy." 

I sauntered down the corridor, felt damned proud of myself. I shoved back through the curtain and reentered the main part of the club. I skidded to a stop, witnessed the beginning of a strip show. I crossed my arms over my lovely chest as I watched a twig for stripper strut across the stage wearing barely anything. My eyes frowned. 

How in the hell did guys find that attractive? There was no class involved in wearing a sleazy two piece then removing it in the blink of an eye? Whatever happened to the timeless classic of burlesque stripteases where there were layers of beautiful clothing to remove piece by piece? 

I scanned the men who were ogling the lame show. I thought, how boring all those guys must've been finding what was on stage remotely arousing. 

I felt a little bump which made me slightly stumbled forward. Damn it, it was him again! 

I narrowed my eyes at that Billy guy, heard him snicker as he stole away. I lifted my hands, balled my fingers in fists with the fantasy of strangling the guy. 

"Not very tasteful, hmm." that amazing voice spoke up from behind me. 

I quickly turned to the side and again praised in thought, those lips! 

"Not at all," I stated, "And why are you in here when," I took a brief moment to check this guy out in all his stylish glory. He was impressively dressed in damned expensive clothes for a man in that cheap joint. I commented, "Well, you don't look like you lack taste with exception to your friend." 

He softly chuckled then, with the motion of those tasty lips, he stated, "That's exactly why I'm leaving." then he offered, "Might I escort you, a proper lady, from this tasteless establishment?" 

"Well," I gave him another scan but stopped at those lips then agreed, "Okay." 

I gave him my puckered smile then turned and strut my impeccable goods in front of him. I was blessed with plenty of goods to strut, unlike the topless toothpick on the stage or those trying to saunter around ogling eyeballs. 

As I continued to strut my way through that nasty joint, I occasionally took a peek over my shoulder, that seeming gentleman eyed my backside goods. Yep, a real man couldn't resist a perfectly rounded ass like mine. 

We reached the front entrance and like a real gentleman does for a real lady, the looker opened the door for me to allow me to step out first. I predicted he obviously needed another look at my perfectly scrumptious tooshy. 

I stepped out and moved to the curb. I turned around with my arms in front me while both hands held my clutch purse. "Thank you," I sang as I batted my thick black lashes then turned around and took a closer step to the curb in preparation to hail a cab. 

"Perhaps I could interest you in that drink now." his smooth voice asked as he obviously was leaned behind me, "Billy's getting the car and I'll take you anywhere you'd like for the price of having a drink with me." 

I turned my head and peered at him over my strategically lifted my shoulder. My lips puckered with that hint of flirt, I asked, "That guy's your driver?" 

"Yes, amongst other things." he replied. 

I found myself loving the idea of tormenting Billy with my very presence and agreed to the stunner's offer, "Okay." I held my sultry pucker then took a step backwards which placed me beside him. I lifted my hand, offered it to him and introduced myself, "Vivian Addams." 

This straight out of the gates gentleman took my hand but didn't shake it. He instead brought the back of my hand to those marvelous lips of his with his large browns practically gleaming with what I knew was pure sex. 

His lips brush against my hand, "Jerry Dandridge," he sang his name with a cunning tone, "Charmed to meet you, Vivian Addams." His lips pressed against the back of my hand. 

Oh, wow, this guy sure had the charm down pact. Hmm, I beamed in thought, it was my lucky night for met a real gentleman whose fine as hell and charming let alone had a fucking amazing mouth. Well, his mouth was amazing to look and I was guessing it was damned amazing in other ways that were very imaginable, the charming kiss gave a hint. 

"Likewise, Mr. Dandridge," I sang, slowly slipped my hand from his.

A pretty snazzy slick black newer model Cadillac pulled before me and my new super late night escort. 

Mr. Dandridge opened the backseat door for me and I eagerly got into the backseat, slid my lovely ass along the smooth black leather to the middle of the seat. I puckered my lips, started at Billy then tauntingly sang, "Hiya, Billy. " I heard a positively hilarious low groan of annoyance come from the driver. 

Mr. Dandridge slid in right next to me, I wasn't hanging out on the other side of the seat by my lonesome. 

Mr. Dandridge ordered his driver, "Billy, take us wherever Vivian wishes to go."

"Where would you like to go?" Billy asked but not too pleasantly because he definitely didn't like me.

I gave Billy instructions to go to a little cozy bar conveniently located three blocks from my apartment because you never know. 

I sat with my legs crossed as I took some seriously eyeing glances at Mr. Dandridge. I was feeling positively giddy. I started the night with drab old Don and now ended it with a true representation of what Vivian Addams was starved for which was a beyond midnight snack. 

Every now and then when I took a refreshing glance at this totally delectable man I found him taking some serious mental pictures of the fine piece of work seated beside him, me. 

When we reached the little bar, Mr. Dandridge did as any gentleman should and assisted me out of the car but first I had to annoyingly bid Billy a farewell. 

Mr. Dandridge took a moment to peer through the open back door and spoke to Billy. 

I took the moment to get a good scope of the man's fabulous ass. 

"Make sure you take care of things." he ordered Billy then rose up closing the door. He turned and faced me. 

I so innocently pretended as if I hadn't just checked out his derrière. But I slyly noted, planned on having a handful of it later on. 

"Shall we," he offered me forward and I gladly did, kept my curvy hips prominently swaying as I made my way to the entrance.

Once inside the cozy little setting which was nicely set with dim mood lighting, I found my favorite spot which was a little corner booth. 

After we sat down the regular bartender, typically the only server, stepped to the booth. 

"Hey, Viv," Carl greeted.

"Hiya, Carl," I sang leaned on my elbow then instructed, "The usual for me, doll." 

Carl nodded and looked to my guest.

Mr. Dandridge surprisingly ordered, "Straight Gin and tonic, no ice." 

What a strange coincidence because Grin and Tonic, no ice was my usual. 

Carl went back to the bar to get the drinks.

I looked at Mr. Dandridge and had to comment, "That's my usual."

"Hmm, really," he sang with a slant across his smirking lips.

"I don't know why but I've drank it since I could remember." I explained, "Probably since I was seventeen." I leaned back and opened my purse to pull out the cigarette case then politely asked, "Mind if I smoke?" 

"Not at all." he replied with those eyes focused on me.

I removed a cigarette, tucked it between my lips then lit it up. With a soft stream of smoke passed my puckered lips, I curiously asked, "What's a man like you doing at some tacky strip joint?"
