 Vivian's POV

There was a shitload of clocks were going off seemingly against my head. I woke so damned abruptly I smacked my head against the coffin lid which prompted, "Fucking owe?" 

Okay, I was inside a coffin, that was a given, I knew that was part of the deal. Sure I understood it was probably something I had to get used to. 

I literally shoved the damned lid open and sat up with the heel of my hand pressed against my forehead. The pain thankfully lasted a mere minute then my eyes opened and looked around the unfamiliar surroundings. Well, it was obvious that I was in his basement for there was a coffin beside the one my ass was parked in. 

I stared at the dark wood coffin that was intricately designed with as unique raised rippling effect about the lid. Then came the clear sound of that coffin's hinges. My eyes watched the lid begin to rise then from inside the coffin I heard a distinct yawn. I just sat there staring. 

Maybe everything that happened hadn't hit me yet or was I just so damned anxious to see him with my new vampire eyeballs which didn't blink once as they were widely focused. I listened with my newly inherited keen hearing the distinct sound of him climbing out of the coffin. His shoes seemed to loudly scrape against the concrete floor. 

The lid to that artful coffin was finally lowered.

My lips curved into a grin as my eyes immediately focused on that incredible month that recently sucked the so called life out of me. 

He greeted, "Good evening." His voice sounded even better with my new keen hearing. He was tastier looking within my new detailed vision. 

I released an amused laugh and said, "Sure is." 

My eyes kept close watch as he stepped around his coffin and approached me. My head slowly lifted as he grew closer. 

His hands tucked into his pants pockets as he stood there smiling down at me. 

I was in complete awe of everything that was him. 

With that smooth as silk melody he spoke, "Tonight's your new beginning." 

I was enraptured by every motion of his mouth. 

He questioned, "Are you ready?" 

I eagerly replied, "Boy am I ever." I really had not a clue what to expect but always went with the flow wherever it guided me. 

He reached his hand to me and said something seemingly familiar, "Take my hand, Vivian."

My eyes slowly drifted from his mouth down to that hand. I remembered what those hands did the night before. Yep, I would now spend an eternity remembering every fucking detail of that night. 

I slipped my hand into his and all I could think was, damn his skin felt like that of a newborn's. His skin was so soft and immediately I imagined how they would feel against my ass in comparison to the prior evening. 

He assisted me out of the coffin, something I would no doubt have to perfect on my own. 

I never even noticed that I was naked, wore only the garter belt and dangling broken garters around my waist but really didn't give a shit. 

He led me forward through the unfamiliar basement, I was amazed by all the different smells that normally I wouldn't have noticed as normal me. I smelled the faint scent of mold mingled with a spices of lingering dust and even caught hint of the unique age of the items set about the many shelves. I was practically hypnotized by each different scent. That was the shit. 

He led me up the wooden basement steps then out onto the main floor. 

The lights were on which seemed almost too bright for my eyes. I blinked adjusting my eyes to the glare. Once adjusted I got to take a more detailed look at all his collectables and antiques while he held my hand and guided me through the doorways and down hallways. 

He announced, "First we feed." 

Well, I grinned, that was going to be an adventure. I was curious and nervous about the whole feeding bit. So many deaths I had researched, the many lives of young women were taken for satisfying an immortal's need for blood. Well, I never got too intimate with researching those women, never went into the depths of their pasts only focused on their current lives when they were menu items. 

Was I gonna be able to be a successful hunter? Could I truly be ruthless enough to separate people's lives and see them as prey? 

I guessed I was about to find out exactly how big my new vampire balls were. 

He led me to that curved staircase I first saw him. Oh what a sweet memory of his grace that I prayed to harness about myself. 

From nowhere that guy Billy Cole came trotting by and called out, "I'll be back." He continued by as if I weren't even there. 

"Hiya, Billy!" I shouted with a little chirp which caused him to pause but continued for the front door. "Rude," I mumbled then Mr. Dandridge tugged me towards the stairs. 

"He doesn't like me, does he?" I asked as we moved up the stairs, "Is he gay?" 

Mr. Dandridge stopped halfway up the stairs. 

I stood there staring at his fabulous backside, my eyes couldn't help but take in the fineness of his superb rear which was even grander with that new vision. 

"Actually," he spoke, not looking back, his voice sounded a bit stumped, "I don't know. I never really thought about it." 

He again tugged me and we continued up the stairs.

I was led by the hand to a different part of the second floor and into a room where I discovered some seriously awesome clothes neatly folded and laid out on the foot of a bed. 

"Get dressed," he said then announced, "I need to change then I will be back shortly and help yourself to some fruit." 

I frowned, fruit? We can eat fruit? What were we, fruit bats? 

I turned to ask but he was already out the door. 

I felt almost normal. Sure I saw things differently. I could smell things no ordinary person could smell but in ways I felt the same. I wondered if that's how he felt. 

With a shrug I did as he said and proceeded to do the tedious process of molding my body into my signature pin-up shape. 

The ensemble laid out at the foot of the bed was unexpected. I knew the building pieces of my outfit from the previous evening had been pretty much destroyed during my final mortal request. And there before me was likely the most gorgeous vintage undergarment set I had ever seen.

My hands lower and pressed against the deep red satin of a perfectly designed pin-up dream. I nearly felt the gleam in my eyes, the red was so vibrant to my new immortal vision. I lifted the corset, my eyes saw every detail of the threading, boning, and intricate embroidery throughout, what I believed, was the genuine deal. In my hands was an authentic vintage corset similar to what my idol Miss Betty Page had warn. The smile trace my puckered lips, how had he known?

Like an excited child, I eager removed the remnants of my garter belt then began the task of enhancing what Mother Nature gave and Mr. Dandridge immortalized. 

It was always a task putting on those layers of bodily perfecting garments. Sure my body was perfect all natural but to enhance my natural shape I used a corset and body hugging clothing. But as I dressed for the first time as a vampire I couldn't help but indulge in each sensation of each different type of material I covered my body with. The satin lining of the corset felt positively heavenly against my skin. Every inch of my body was more sensitive to the touch and feel of things. The lace of vintage garter set tickled. The silk stockings felt barely there against my sensitive immortal flesh. No bothering with the panties for I had my suspicions they would eventually get in the way. 

And the dress, the cherry atop the delectable dream that was me. I could smell the fragrant aroma of its age, another lovely authentic vintage piece. The moment I tugged the figure hugging dress up and over my hips, there was something nearly sensual feeling the satin lining. Then zipping that impeccable design in place, my body felt as if it were specifically meant for that dress. That dress fit unlike no other in my life. It oddly seemed it had been tailored just for me though I had just met the vampire of my dreams for the first time the previous evening.

My eyes frowned. A strange sense drifted over me. My eyes looked down at my stunning figure wrapped perfectly in that remarkable piece of vintage art color the darkest and richest shade of red. My hands slid down over my curves. How was it even possible that he had something like that available? What were the possibilities he would've had something like that lying around?

Well, I thought, he had some seriously impeccable taste, that was for damned sure.

Speaking of impeccable taste. How the fuck did I look? 

Wanting to know my undoubted beauty, I turned in a complete circle, noticed no mirrors then it dawned on me. How the hell was I gonna confirm I looked perfect? 

Then it struck me! Vampires didn't have reflections! 

I cursed, "Damn it." 

How was I going to do my makeup without a damned reflection? 

Damn, I never really thought about those damned myths about mirrors and mirrors loved me! Again, my eyes frowned. How in the hell did he know when he looked positively perfect? 

My face grimaced. There was no imagining Billy having a good eye for what looks good or not. 

My hands planted on my hips as my head tried to figure out that new puzzle. 

The door came open and, bam, there was Mr. Dandridge looking damned perfect. 

I sort of huffed in response to his ability to look damned perfect. 

He immediately caught my frustration and asked, "What's wrong?" He stepped into the room, moved across the floor dressed positively perfect head to toe. 

My hands tossed up in air in frustration to his perfection. I scanned him from top to bottom. He wore a navy blue sweater, black trousers with a pressed pleat down the center of the legs, a pair of black patent leather shoes, and, damn him, his hair was without a single ebony strand out of place. 

"How do you do it?" I asked him as he now stood directly in front of me then again whined, "You're perfect." 

He gave a little laugh with a slight pucker to his charming smile then stated, "If you knew how long it took me to get a hang of looking like this," he explained, "You probably would of have second thoughts. But it does help, in the beginning, to have someone there to assist you." He then stepped passed me. 

I turned following him and watched him grab my clutch then removed the comb. 

He returned to me, stepped behind me then proceeded to do the sweetest gesture ever, combed the length of my hair. 

Indulging in such a treat, I asked, "So, Billy assists you?" There truly was no imagining Billy as much help beside physical labor.

He vaguely answered, "When needed." 

I stood and enjoyed the feel of his hand pressing down the length of my hair as he guided the comb through it. 

Then he began to explain more important details, "What my goal is for you, Vivian, is that you will be your own vampire. I have no intentions having you as my servant. You have the potential to be a master vampire, actually a mistress vampire." 

My eyes closed, my heightened senses were deeply focused on his heavenly voice mingled with the sensations of his touch. 

He continued, "I am going to do everything in my power to make certain you become the perfect Mistress Vampire. And I'm confident you will be one of my success stories." he continued to slowly work that comb through the thickness of my hair and on occasion I felt his hand slide down against the top round of my rear which cause a puckered grin across my lips as I listened, "Now, there is plenty that I have to explain to you." 

He announced, "I know you probably know the basics since you're an expert." there was a bit of sarcasm in his tone which I thought charming, "You cannot go out in the day, you'll die. Stay away from holy water, it could potentially kill you. Crosses only have effect if the individual holding it has true and pure faith. Garlic is used in effort to ward us off but can't cause too much damage if consumed or pressed against the skin. Stakes through the heart, wooden or any type of metal, they will kill us but if they are removed we survive. As for beheading, we die, the brain is severed from the heart." 

Yeah, I knew that all that, an expert as he said.

He gripped my shoulder with one hand then he guided me around to face him. 

My eyes open and were instantly aimed at his mouth which was so much lovelier with my vampire eyeballs.

He firmly stated, "There are rules to follow." he presented the rules, "A vampire cannot enter a person's home unless invited by the rightful owner. We must sleep in coffins lined with the dirt from our homeland, yours is here, Atlanta and wherever you go from here you must have ample supply." then he added the most important, "We do not turn others unless they are worthy." his lips formed a very sexy morbid grin, "That is why those we feed on are prevented from turning by severing the head from the body." 

Hmm, I hummed in thought, I pretty much all of what he said.

His hands tenderly moved down to my elbows, "As for feeding," he announced the next bit of important information, "A vampire mustn't feed every evening but feeding is a necessity. A vampire who doesn't feed at least every few nights weakens and can fall victim to anyone who's suspicious."

My brain went elsewhere and questioned in thought, what about sex? 

He continued the gift of his knowledge, "You can feed in any way you feel is right for you. You can seduce or you can simply take them. It all depends on your taste." he then explained, "For example, I prefer the seductive approach which wills them to freely give to me. But you will discover your own technique which I'm sure will be discovered tonight." 

I had a few curious questions of my own, what about sex? 

"Now," he gave me that 'listen' expression, "Before you're let out on your own you will the opportunity to end any loose ends from your mortal life. In time you will have to separate yourself from that life and make another that's less public and noticeable. You'll have to make that separation happen the moment you believe someone has taken any notice of what you are. Your instincts will let you know this." 

My instincts wanted to know more about sex.

His hands slid back up to my shoulders then he presented more information, "And you must choose a day watcher, that's Billy's title." he explained his halfwit watcher's role, "They aren't vampires but they are immortal and will be devoted only and solely to you. They do whatever it is you tell them, without question. And, most importantly, during the day, while you sleep, they will protect you and your home from anything or anyone. Choose this person wisely because they will be with for all eternity and you don't want someone you can't tolerate living with you for that long."

Then he asked, "Is there anything you wish to ask me?"

Yes, a very important question and I asked, "What about me and you?"

"How do you mean?" he asked for more specifics.

"Once I'm on my own," I was uncertain what his answer was going to be which made me nervous but I asked, "Will we see each other again?"

His lips genuinely smiled and he said, "That's entirely up to you." 

Did he think I wouldn't want to see him again?

"Well then in that case," my lips puckered and I confidently made my decision, "I'm seeing you every damned time we cross paths." 

Booty call!

That was what I imagined, a boot call. Mr. Dandridge and I were on the verge of becoming a couple of vampire fuck buddies.

His smile held firm then he agreed, "Then I guess we'll be seeing one another again." 

Oh yeah, about that sex.

"So, I'm curious." I spoke again, needed some true vital information. My head lowered at the chin as my big blues peered up at him, "Um, do vampires," I paused, correction, "Do we still get horny?" 

He practically choked on his laugh. 

I quickly stated, "Hey, I need to know everything because I'm in for a long, long journey." 

He cleared his throat of the laugh then commented, "I assumed last night would have answered that question." 

"Yeah," I slightly rolled my eyes at the obvious then elaborated, "But is horniness something that happens once in a blue moon or is it pretty much the same as when you were alive?" I smiled though I tried to be serious then firmly stated, "Because, in my case, I'm horny pretty much all the fucking time." then I coyly slipped, "Yet, last night was the first time I experienced true satisfaction." I nodded, agreed with the truth of that statement. 

Then I gave a different example towards my questioning, "I mean, say if I find my dinner attractive and I get that urge, can I fuck him then suck him afterwards?" 

If he could blush he probably would have. "Like I said," he desperately tried to hold back a laugh, "It's all up to you. If feel the need to get your sexual kicks before the actual kill, go for it."

Oh, I was only tapping the nail on the sexual head. "Okay," I smirked, curious about something about him and last night then inquired, "Tell me, Mr. Dandridge," my lips softly puckered as my left brow perked, "How satisfied were you last night?" I watched his eyes grow a bit wide then I sneakily added, "I mean if you weren't, you must understand I will not stand for it."

He again cleared his throat then flattered me, "I have never in all my time on this Earth met anyone remotely like you, Vivian." he then tapped the comb lightly against the tip of my nose and stated, "But I do admire your determination."

I quickly ended his flattery and stated, "That doesn't answer my question, Mr. Dandridge." I pushed back my smile and planted my hands on my hips in representation of my seriousness.

His eyes developed that naughty glimmer then he coyly questioned, "Satisfied?" his hands left my shoulders then cupped the sides of my face and he confidently purred, "Undoubtedly satisfied I was in every meaning of the word." 

I was rewarded proof of his satisfaction with those lips finally against mine. Wow, I praised, kissing him was so different, we were both the same breed which made that kiss the best kind of different. It was the type of different that gave you the ability to feel and taste every damned tiny detail that would be involved with a kiss. I tasted such a different flavor I would have never tasted as a mortal woman. Every the sensations of his lips was heightened to nearly an extreme and I loved it. 

His lips drew back. 

I had a huge smile across my lips as my eyes drifted open and looked into his then I said, "Just a warning," slithered forth was a whole new sultry tone filled with great seriousness, "I'm determined to create more definitions for satisfied." 

His lips formed an intrigued pucker then he asked, "Oh, Really?"

"Oh, Mr. Dandridge," I chirped his name then grew serious and confidently stated, "Really." 

It was nearing dinner time. 

I finally knew the meaning of what they called the hunger, the need to feed. That hunger stung inside me like that of a vicious cat shredding at my innards with fine feline claws that left behind painful stings. Back and forth I paced the floor slightly hunched with my nails dragging against my abdomen. It was annoying like an internal itch that you couldn't reach and ease. 

The patience for the delivery of my first immortal meal was difficult with each growing minute. That internal clawing was agitating. My Mary Jane's started to stomp against the hardwood floor, the spikes created fine nicks in the rich varnished wood. Each turn my jaw clenched tighter and with each increasing clench I felt those signature fangs sprout. I even felt the change in my eyes. I felt everything that transformed from normal into vampire. My fingers extend along with the lengths of my nails which persistently dragged against the material of that lovely dress. 
