 Welcome to the Booty Call Installment!

Please note these tales are not in first person POV and I hope that doesn't disappoint. 

Shall we now enjoy the vampire erotica tales of Mr. Dandridge and Vivian Addams? 

Yes, we shall!

Loves, Dolls and Dollies!

Viv

*****

1983

A year had passed.

Vivian Addams was a mistress vampire and damn did she love it. She felt so much in her element with her heavenly curves and striking beauty immortalized. As was determined from the beginning, she was a quick leaner with the vampire trade and indulged in every second of it. She lived to wake at the chime of her prized 1940s vintage grandfather clock to begin the night making herself the personification of beautified perfection. 

Her full naturally pouting lips glossed by the sheen of rich red. Her crystal blue eyes intensified by thick black lashes, lining of charcoal black with sultry smoky shadows dusted across the lids. Very little foundation, her skin was flawless with its milky porcelain tone. Her hair always hung long down to the top round of her stunning rear with the sides lengths and crwon perfectly twisted and rolled into those vintage victory rolls. And always her lengthy nails were painted with a glossy shade of rich red from cherry to deep crimson. 

Her beautiful womanly curves enhanced by vintage undergarments, either red or black, and over those curve enhancing undergarments always a snugly tailored vintage ensemble either black or red or both. And to top off her elaborate appearance were always those spiked Mary Jane heels, pointed toed to peep toed. And always the accessories, different lengths of sleek cigarette holders and all lengths and styles of gloves. 

It was near the anniversary when she received the gift from Mr. Dandridge. To her, he was the most stunning creature, besides herself, that she ever was blessed to know. All her evenings were spent with fond memories of the night she came face to face with her dreamy nightmare. His stunning good looks burned forever in her mind, especially his lips. 

Mr. Dandridge's lips were the one feature of his perfection that she truly could never get out of her mind. It seemed she waited all her life for that mouth. She always knew she was meant to kiss lips such as his. His full lips were uniquely designed with a slight natural slant with defining fine lines about the corners that would change with all his expressions. The expression she fondly remembered molded those heavenly lips into his signature slight pucker of intrigue then they would transform into the expression of lust which she positively adored. 

She always had the intention of seeing him again but he was a traveler of their kind, he never stayed in one place for long. She was different, kept up her life in her big metropolis of Atlanta, to only leave when it came to investments. 

She would focus each of her trips, hoped he managed to be there but there hadn't been any luck which made her frustrated. She wanted badly to experience him again. She longed to again kiss his lips, touch his chilled skin, and have those fangs of his embedded deeply into her milky flesh. She believed she became a bit obsessive. 

Her first year of feedings were focused on targets that happened to have dark hair and eyes. She would use those specially selected prey as means to satisfy her true hunger, her hunger for Mr. Dandridge. Of course, nothing remotely was as satisfying as the real thing and she sadly was reminded of that very true fact each time those pathetic mortal men failed to impress or entertain her fancies. She just sucked them dry then buried them with the other trash. 

An occasion reared up out of the grave. 

It was a celebration of sorts for the vampire community. That particular event was being held for those in the United States. She thought it strange that there was an actual vampire gathering yet she had centuries to discover more strangeness about her new kind. She was a young vampire mistress in comparison to the thousands. 

She was curious what it would be like to hobnob with the elites of vampire society but one intriguing thought crossed her mind, Mr. Dandridge of course. 

Would that more reclusive vampire go amongst his own for one evening? Would he travel to the gathering's location to have a reunion of sorts with his kind? Could such a gathering be her opportunity to get a much desired and needed reunion with her gorgeous maker, including those lips of his? 

There was no way around it, she needed to take the chance if it meant even one night satisfying her one true ache for that fine specimen of immortal male perfection. 

So, the deed for making the arrangements was tossed to sweet Pauly and they would travel swiftly to another metropolis known throughout the world as the city of lights or sin city. Las Vegas, baby!

An entire casino with its own resort hotel was bought out for the occasion and the following week it would be blown up in demolition style. It was sort of odd to Vivian but nonetheless she was attending. She guessed there wasn't any better time to throw herself into her dark world shared by thousands of other immortals. Her thought, take the immortal vampire community by surprise with her deadly perfect beauty. 

She flew the red eye from her metropolis to the next and took a rented limousine to the casino and resort which was on a less occupied and much older Vegas strip which explained the building's future demise. 

In front of the old grand casino and resort, Pauly came around and opened the door for Vivian then assisted her onto her Mary Jane's. Her hand reached up and pulled the vintage sunglasses down to the tip of her nose then peered up at nearly thirty floors of rounded architecture that once was one of Las Vegas' crowning neon jewels. 

She grumbled, "Oh, this better be worth it." She then pushed the sunglasses back up the bridge of her nose and marched forward towards the darkly tinted glass entrance. 

Pauly rushed to open the door for Vivian, watched her strut into the glass enclosed breezeway then hurried to open the next door. 

Vivian stepped over the threshold into the unfamiliar world she had became part of nearly a year prior. Her hand reached and removed the sunglasses then tucked them into her purse. Her crystal eyes scanned the grand exterior of the main lobby, heard the typical casino melodies chiming in the distance that echoed off the hovering domed ceiling. 

Her lips lightly puckered then she sauntered towards the front desk with Pauly beside her, saw a big brute of a man who stood behind the curved desk, his muscles filled his dark blue button-down shirt. 

She stepped to the desk. 

"Mistress Vivian Addams." Pauly gave his mistress's full name to the muscle bound man in the vest and tie. 

She turned and looked to the entrance into the casino section of the building. Vampire's gambled, she curiously thought then shook her head, found it weird. 

"Yes," the big guy spoke then explained, "All Mistress Vivian's belongings have been carefully delivered to her suite," he then stated, "I'll have Louis show you to the suite."

Vivian took a few steps forward, tried to sense if she could feel him. She turned then stepped before the desk. 

"Louie!" the big guy shouted then looked to the mistress vampire, "Yes, Mistress Vivian." 

Vivian leaned against the desk, made sure her cleavage was quite visible, then sang "Yes, doll," she softly puckered her lips and batted her eyes, "Is there any way that you might," she reached her gloved hand, dragged the tip of her finger along the guy's starched shirt collar then with a sultry pout she requested, "Perhaps you would be a doll and give me some information on a possible guest." 

The man firmly stated, "I'm sorry, Mistress Vivian, but I can't." he then explained, "All guest names are confidential." 

The large man stepped away and approached a long haired lanky fellow then demanded, "Louie, show Mistress Vivian to her suite."

Vivian's eyes narrowed with her fist pressed against her hip. She stomped forward as the tall guy named Louie smiled wide at her. She bitterly snapped at the goof, "Ah shut up!" And she continued forward. 

Louie froze, looked to the front desk at the large guy named Bozley. He pointed at the mistress vampire. 

Boz aimed his finger, gestured for Louie to get a move on. 

Louie whined with a stomp of his foot then reluctantly turned to follow the snooty and bitchy vampire lady. "Wait up!" he whined then stumbled to a stop as the curvy Vivian abruptly halted. He leaned forward and hit the elevator button. His eyes couldn't help but glance over at Vivian's prominently displayed cleavage then his lips formed a broad smile. 

"Hi," Louie spoke then complimented the vampire vixen, "You're really pretty." 

"Thanks." Vivian drolly said then it dawned on her. The steroid freak refused to help her but maybe the scrawny oddball would. 

Vivian slowly turned her head then batted her large blue eyes and, with her sultry tone, sang, "Thank you, Louie, right?" 

The elevator doors came open, Vivian stepped into the elevator with a sexual stroll then turned and kept her eyes focused on the ogling long haired guy as he mumbled 'yep'. 

Vivian slid a step closer to him. "Louie," she sang his name then asked with soft cunning, "You wouldn't mind doing me a huge favor, would you?" She listened to him giggle. 

She reached her hand then twirled a thread of Louie's frizzy hair with her gloved finger. She explained as sweetly as possible, "See I'm meeting up with a certain master vampire and I was wondering if you might know where I might find him in this big old building." 

Louie continued to giggle. 

She continued her sweet demeanor and sang, "You'd be a real doll and I would be eternally grateful for your assistance." 

"Jeeze, lady," Louie blushed then explained, "Boz would kick my ass if I told you anything about the other guests." 

She again pouted her red glossy lips then pouted in song, "He doesn't need to know our little secret and it'll be just between me, you, and Pauly."

"I don't know," Louie sort of whined as his leg slightly shook, the mistress vampire's gloved nail tip drag against the back of his ear. He couldn't cave in and denied the smoking hot vampire, "Nah, I can't, lady, because it wouldn't only piss Boz off but my mistress too." 

"Oh, gah," she growled then jerked her hand away and grumbled to herself, "Why do I even bother?" 

"Sorry," Louie pouted then eyed the lovely vampire and commented, "You sure are pretty when you're angry, though." 

"Oh shut up," she snapped then demanded, "And keep your eyeballs forward." She gestured his eyes forward with the wave of her hand. 

Vivian settled into her large suite that thankfully was done in her favorite red and black colors. Her coffin was placed in one of the two bedrooms, the other bedroom was to be used for meals. 

By the next evening she woke up in a tizzy, frustrated that she couldn't get any information from anyone concerning if her Mr. Dandridge arrived or not. She fed from one of the room service menu items who was a nice dark haired man about twenty-one then Pauly took him out into the hallway to be collected by the convenient door to door service. She dressed fabulously, of course, decided to join her undead peers down at the main floor. 

Once off the elevator Vivian was met by a louder atmosphere with more fellow vampires moving about as if they were normal in a normal environment. Of course they were all fabulously dressed in their chosen fashions while their watchers tagged along obediently. 

She handed Pauly a wad of cash and sang, "Have at it, doll." She gave him the freedom to gamble while she scoped the place in hopes of snagging a glimpse of Mr. Dandridge. 

"Hiya, pretty lady!" Louie's voice called out near the front desk. 

Vivian simply lifted her hand and flipped the scrawny hairball off.

Louie's jaw dropped then whined to desk clerk, "Boz, that one's mean!" 

Vivian's lips formed a satisfied puckered smirk then she proceeded through the entrance of the large casino. She paused on her black satin Mary Jane peep toes and scanned her baby blues over the hundreds of immortal and day watcher faces. She rested a hand on her left crimson red silk snugged hip while she scanned face after face. Her right hand impatiently tapped a red and black vinyl clutch purse against her right thigh. She rolled her eyes with annoyance, no Mr. Dandridge.

She stepped forward within the chimes and bells of the slot machines. Her silken hips sashayed with one Mary Jane over the other while her eyes shifted from side to side, wanted to snag that familiar stunning male perfection. 

She steadily strolled, no sign of him or a sense of his presence. She remembered that their actual creator and created link would eventually dissolve but she hoped it hadn't yet. 

She paused with her pucker tightened. He had to be here, she thought, if she could just sense him somehow. 

The sound of music drew her attention, never was a gambling kinda woman.

She moved towards the sound of the music and found herself before the entrance of the casino's actual club lounge. She stepped forward and a very unique individual rolled up before her on a pair of roller-skates. She wasn't sure if she was looking at a man or woman but he or she was a very stylish black vampire. 

The vampire waved and gestured for Vivian to follow. 

Vivian felt awkward unable to determine the vampire's actual sex then she stated loudly over the music, "The bar is fine!" She watched the creature gracefully roll on the skates, led her further through the crowd of vampires towards the neon lit bar. 

The creature spun effortlessly on the skates then faced Vivian and gestured to the empty bar stool. 

Vivian flashed the creature a smile and gave gracious thanks. She took a seat on the traditional leather bar stool. 

An attractive long haired brunette of a man stepped before Vivian as he was behind the bar. 

"Hello, doll," Vivian sang, leaned her elbows atop the bar and made sure he got an eyeful where her plunging neckline led to her stunning porcelain cleavage. She cunningly gave her order, "A gin and tonic, no ice, please." She puckered her lips, watched the man nod then leave to prepare her drink. 

She slowly turned on the stool then leaned back against the bar and studied all the vampire clubbers. 

The place was overly scented with immortality, many different centuries moved before her. There were couples and singles from all different ages. She realized vampires were everywhere but, she commented in thought, that was simply a cluster fuck of vampires. Then she nodded with another thought. If a mortal wanted to take out a hive of vampires they would have an ample opportunity to blow that place up like the fourth of July and bring a whole slew of immortals down.

She received her drink, an open bar without limitations for those unable to get drunk and those poor mortal souls who would likely get wasted then be wasted by a vampire. She sipped her drink, wished she would spot her studly and gorgeous maker. She craved nothing but to focus on his kissable lips then kiss them because Vivian Addams always took what she wanted which always been one of her more determined mortal and immortal life's motto. 

She slammed back the drink then slid off the stool. Her hands smoothed down the silk snug over her hips and rear. She moved forward and entered the crowd. 

So many beautiful faces around her but not one was the devilishly beautiful face she wanted to see. Her eyes peered at those she sashayed passed, their eyes distorted with their personal vampire tones with fangs grinned. It was obvious to her that they so enjoyed their moment where there was no hiding what they were and in ways, she did too. 

She neared the dance floor where all immortals bodies of all shapes, sizes, and ages moved in many ranges of dance styles. Her eyes lightly closed then opened, gave life to her silvery discoloration fractured by blood red cracks. Her body slowly started to move all her curves sensually as she neared the dance floor filled with undead moving bodies. 

It was a sea of the undead that moved to the beat of the music, each with their individualized approach. 

Vivian found her way to the center of that sea of coldblooded killers. Her arms lifted above her head with slow fluent motions as her hips sexually moved in circles. The flow of her lengthy hair gently swayed against her bare back where the dress dipped down and spilled silk over the prominent outward roundness and form fitted at the gathering just at the under curve of her rear. 

She found herself joined in dance by a lovely vampire couple, the woman in front of her and the man behind her. Not a problem for her to share her dance with a man and woman. She always prided herself at not being one bit bias when it came to both sexes. It didn't matter the sex of the hands just as long as they stroked her ego. 

She brought one arm forward around the female's neck then reached the other behind the head of the male. They were all sexual creatures and it was in their nature to perform to the best of their sexual abilities. 

Awe then Vivian's good time came to an end when the entire club grew dark and a light aimed toward the further back of the club. 

She rolled her eyes, heard a melody begin and those around her cheered. She flung her arms up then strolled through the crowd as it moved in direction of the music and spotlight. 

Again at the bar, she ordered another gin and tonic then opened her clutch, removed the holder, black leather cigarette case, and silver flip lighter. She tucked the cigarette into the holder then placed the holder within the pucker of her crimson lips. She lit the cigarette then stuffed everything back into the purse. She sucked, only tasted the flavor of the cigarette but couldn't feel the sensation of the smoke inhaled into her lungs. 

"You'll never truly enjoy them as you did before." a smooth voice spoke up from behind her. 

Vivian's lips lightly blew the smoke passed her puckered lips. Her head turned then she peered over her shoulder. Slowly she turned on the swivel stool then leaned back against the bar and with a lift of her left brow she sang, "Well, hello, Mr. Dandridge." There he was, the definition of male perfection. 

Mr. Dandridge stood a foot in front of Vivian with his hands tucked in the pockets of his deep black trousers, pushed back the drape of his equally black blazer. 

Ah, she praised in thought, he looked as she remembered him. Yet, how could her memories ever deceive her into imagining anything else than what was before her? 

They didn't. 

She stated, "I was curious if you would be here or not." She then brought the tip of her holder between her lips and sucked. Her eyes instinctively targeted his lips. 

"Hmm," Mr. Dandridge hummed then replied, "I was curious about the same thing concerning you." He stepped up to his recent creation who he deemed his greatest. He politely asked but not without that signature melody, "How have you been, Vivian?" He immediately noticed her unchanged fascination with his mouth.

"Oh, just peachy," she quipped then finally pried her eyes from his lips. Yes, she praised, he was definitely directly in front of her. Her large blues looked up into his gorgeous dark eyes then she asked, "How have you been, Mr. Dandridge?" her eyes scanned those delectable features of his face and commented, "You look," she made a pause, "Well, as I remember."

"I've been well." he answered then glanced down at her never failing exposure her fabulous cleavage. He looked again into her positively glowing crystal blue eyes then confidently stated, "And most definitely, you are exactly as I remember." 
