 The doors jerked open, Vivian stepped out of her hotel bedroom again dressed in vintage perfection; an off the shoulder black lace figure fitted dress with a wide red patent leather belt and a pair of black patent leather ankle strapped Mary Jane's. 

She took a moment to transfer the stuff from the clutch into the dress matched lace purse with a silver chain strap. She left the suite, fumed over being dissed for a damned sibling which was a huge blow to her mighty ego. 

Inside the elevator, she lit up a cigarette with an annoyed pucker across her lips. Her bottom lip started to pout and painfully she thought, almost had his lips. She was so damned close to finally having his lips on hers and, she screamed in thought, they had blood on them too! 

She angrily stomped her foot, felt cheated and robbed of that long desired moment. Her eyes narrowed, knew Billy stupid Cole probably loved that he interrupted her reunion with his gorgeous master. "Fucking, dick," she grumbled. 

The elevator doors slid open.

Something easy on Vivian's eyes stepped into the elevator which prompted her to do a little adjustment shimmy of her shoulders. She pressed her lips together, took quick inventory of the vampire beside her. He was tall, fairly handsome but, she noted, not Mr. Dandridge handsome. 

"Hello." she chimed with a little tilt of her head. Her eyes studied the vampire's profile, still no comparison to Mr. Dandridge, but nice in a pale vampire way with almost chocolate brown hair that hung long passed his shoulders. She watched his head turn. 

The vampire looked to Vivian with almost amber brown eyes. 

Vivian reached her hand and offered it to the stranger, "Vivian, Vivian Addams." 

"Eric," the vampire slipped his pale hand into Vivian's, "Eric Vargo."

Vivian slid her hand back then brought the cigarette between her puckered lips then asked, "You been around long?" He was first vampire since Mr. Dandridge she spoke with casually.

"A while." Eric vaguely stated then asked, "You?"

"Not long at all." she answered, "A year."

"Oh, you are what they call an infant." he stated and smiled.

She quickly noted, the vampire's smile was in no way comparable to Mr. Dandridge's. THe commented, "Just a mere baby."

Her mind screamed. What the hell did he mean calling her a baby?!

Her pucker tensed, far from flattered being called an infant or a baby then she replied with a snap, "I ain't a baby or a damned infant." then she slightly grumbled, "Might be a vampire for only a year but I learned from the best. Nearly a thousand years of the best." She flattered Mr. Dandridge now.

Taking only a glance at the snippy vampire, he said, "I apologize for offending you but you are considered a young-ling." 

"Young my fucking ass," she again grumbled, started to find the vampire annoying then bitterly snapped back, "I'm a fucking mistress vampire not a damned fledgling tiny-tot."

"Again," he spoke as calmly as possible and explained, "I meant not to offend you but it is the truth." he then suggested, "You need to relax."

"Oh, shut up!" she snapped at him then aimed her palm at him with the cigarette tucked between her fingers and stated, "I don't want to hear another word from you, Eric Vargo, whoever the fuck you are."

He laughed, found the so called mistress vampire's attitude amusing, then commented, "Not only are you a mistress but a bitch as well."

Her head slowly turned as her eyes narrowed then asked with an angry hiss, "What did you call me?" 

The elevator reached the lobby floor followed by a loud crash sounding from inside then the doors slid open. 

Vivian stepped out of the elevator with a cocky sway about her hips and a satisfied puckered smirk. 

From the elevator the vampire Eric Vargo staggered while his hands gently cupped over his groin. His pale face strained against the pain of having his vampire testicles ruthlessly crushed by Vivian's vice grip. He leaned forward, groaned, and cursed under his breath. His head lifted and watched the fabulous backside of Vivian's saunter into the casino. 

His eyes filled with intense amber yellow then he lowly hissed, "Oh, you will pay for that." He stood straight with his narrowed eyes focused on Vivian.

Vivian was satisfied for she made a point to the rude vampire, no one called her a bitch. She proudly knew she was a bitch, just didn't need some dip shit calling her one. 

She strolled along the carpet, flicked ashes as she strutted. Could her evening get any worse? 

She hoped not because for she knew she would surely blow her top if any further fuck ups occurred. 

She entered the club area, shooed away the hostess or host or whatever the vampire was then marched her way towards the bar with her chin held high. 

At the bar she ordered up another gin and tonic, heard the 80s music sound over the array of voices. She cocked her hips to the rhythm of the 80s melody. She received her drink then turned around and took a long swallow. 

Around her, so many vampires made out with fanged kisses and groping lengthy fingered hands. Her bottom lip again pouted, knew that her and Mr. Dandridge should have been making out and groping. But, nope, she pitifully pouted I thought, it didn't happen. Then her face grimaced with a thought. Fucking Billy Cole and that stupid sister happened. 

She felt left out and sighed with a sense of rejection and loneliness. 

Eric Vargo approached Vivian and with a grumble, he loudly stated, "That was uncalled for." He stopped beside the mistress vampire.

Vivian's lips again puckered, her head darted facing Eric with her eyes narrowed. "Oh, it wasn't?" she grumbled back at the vampire tool then snarled, "Don't go calling women bitches, Eric the Great Asshole!" 

Eric then actually dared to aim his lengthy finger in Vivian's face.

The vampire's blatant gesture only fueled Vivian's combined reasons for rage. One, a failed reunion with her Mr. Dandridge and second, Eric's fucking bitchy ass. And so, she quickly snatched the vampire's hand and with a powerful snap of her jaws, the tip of his finger was bitten clean off. 

She smirked the moment the vampire's face went into shock. 

Eric's yellowed eyes stared widely at the sight of no index fingertip. 

She spat the fingertip into the shocked vampire's face and it bounced off his forehead. She growled, "Don't fuck with me, you whiny little bitch!" she snarled her vampire bloodied lips then warned, "No one calls Vivian Addams a bitch because only Vivian Addams calls herself a bitch, you got it, you shit?!" 

"You...you..." Eric mumbled in shock, saw his own blood trail down his hand. He continued to mumble, "You fucking...you fucking bit my..."

"Yes," she giggled then stated, "And it's on the floor if you want it back." she then evilly snickered, "Oh, but it'll likely grow back." then she threatened, "And I'll bite the fucker off again if you dare stick in my face again."

Boz stepped before the situation and asked, "What seems to be the problem?" He arrived after he was told of a problem near the bar.

"This...this..." Eric pointed his fingertip-less finger at Vivian then tattled, "She bit off the tip of my finger, that's the problem!" He practically shoved his bloodied hand into Boz's face.

Vivian quickly defended herself, "He deserved it." she then explained, "He insulted me so I crushed his vampire balls then he stalked me and threatened me and lastly put his damned finger in my face so I bit the fucking tip off." She grinned evilly at Eric then snidely stated, "Next time I'll bite the tip of your dick off." 

"Master Vargo," Boz spoke up with a calm tone then suggested to the upset male vampire, "Why don't you return to your suite and Louie will bring you something very special to take care of your finger." 

Boz looked over at the smug Vivian and addressed, "Mistress Vivian, I understand he offended you but you're amongst your kin and there is no need for violence." he took calm breath then urged, "If you have a problem with anyone you should have come to me or my mistress." 

Boz again looked to Eric then defused the situation the best he could and encouraged, "Please, return to your suite and we'll gladly make up for this misunderstanding in any way possible."

Eric glared at Vivian then gave his suggestion for redemption of poor finger, "Her head on a spike." 

Vivian quickly countered, "Oh, shove a spike up your ass, Eric the Bitch." she then turned her attention to Boz and proceeded to order, "You know what, Boz, I want you," she pointed at the muscle bound diffuser, "To do me a biggie."

"Anything, Mistress Vivian," Boz graciously and calmly agreed.

She explained,"I would like to take a long relaxing soak in the lovely garden tub in my suite." then she added, "But not just any soak." 

Regine stormed through the crowd within the club lounge. Her brown eyes narrowed and full lips pursed together. She approached the VIP table where her brother sat. 

Regine announced with a shout, "You have a serious problem on your hands!" 

Mr. Dandridge looked up at his sister with question. 

She announced the bar incident, "That thing you made, Vivian Addams," she frustratingly grumbled, "Well she just assaulted one of my important guests, Eric Vargo." 

He smirked and amusingly thought, that was his Vivian alright. 

With scold, she snapped at her brother, "She's the biggest mistake you've ever made, Jerry!" she then demanded, "And you need to fix this little situation because I will not tolerate her behavior."

He slightly rolled his eyes then sarcastically commented, "Awe you're upset because Vivian Addams wounded your poor Eric's enormous ego." he slowly rose up then defensively stated, "Yes, I gifted Vivian but I do recall that you gifted Eric Vargo as well who was your lover." 

He stepped around the table then stated, "So, I see no problem." then he smirked and commented, "Besides, knowing Eric, he probably deserved what happened to him when he most likely angered Vivian which I unfortunately have done as well tonight." he ignored his sister's glare then suggested, "You need to take control of your own mistakes, Sister, and mind your own damned business."

Defensively she grumbled, "She bit the tip of his finger off." she kept her glare fixated on her brother then grumbled further, "Now I have to present him with our purest stock to shut him up." then with even more frustration, she announced, "And on top of that, your Vivian Addams made her own request to be met."

"Oh, then it will be met," he firmly stated, "And don't worry," his lips formed a smug grin, "I'll see to Vivian personally since I do owe her for that rude interruption from earlier because of your selfish need for me to take part in this farce when obviously I'm not needed when you have all the admirers you need." 

Mr. Dandridge turned and left his sister fuming.

Inside the master bedroom of her hotel suite, Vivian enjoyed a tasty strawberry from her own personal bar as she listened to the ruckus in the master bathroom. 

She called out behind her, "Don't let any get on the floor. All in the tub, doll!" 

She proceeded to suckle the strawberry but paused with a brilliant idea then called out, "Oh, yeah," she turned to the side and eyed the open bathroom door, "Make sure the last one stays alive!" 

She sat down on the edge of the bed, hummed with delight and excitement. 

"Yes, Mistress Vivian!" Louie's voice called from the bathroom then a loud thud sounded followed by, "Oops, sorry!" 

Vivian shook her head. She regretted the use of Louie. She should have had Pauly tend to her needs, the hippy with the long hair had no idea what he was doing. 

She heard the front door chime then frowned and loudly asked, "You got help coming or something?" 

Louie shouted back, "No!" 

She rose up and sauntered out of the bedroom with her black robe flowing with her stride exposing her milky legs. Her bare feet silently moved over the floor then she made her way to the door and shouted, "Who is it?!" then, with an assumption, she asked, "Pauly, you lose your damned key?" 

She grabbed the door handle then swung the door open. "Oh," her lips puckered then asked, "And what do you want?" She planted a hand on her hip.

"Vivian," Mr. Dandridge spoke as he stood before the doorway then announced, "I wanted to apologize for the interruption earlier."

With a sharp nod, she quickly said, "Okay," Then she slammed the door in his face.

Mr. Dandridge stood wide eyed, never had a door slammed in his face before. He huffed then stepped forward and pushed it open. "Vivian," he said then stepped over the threshold and noticed a flow of black silk disappear around the corner at the end of the corridor. Again he called out, "Vivian!" 

He shook his head then moved down the corridor and upon turning the corner he leaned back the moment her sucked strawberry almost struck him, landed near his expensive shoes. "Oh, come now, Vivian!" he sang then followed the flow of black silk into the bedroom. 

He marched up to the doorway then those doors were too slammed in his face. "Dammit, Vivian Addams!" he grumbled then shoved the doors inward just as Louie stumbled out of the bathroom speckled and smeared head to toe in blood. His eyes frowned at the odd sight.

Louie felt somewhat nasty covered in blood though it didn't cease him from sucking it from his fingers. He chuckled, "That lady sure is morbid." he stepped passed his mistress's brother and stated, "Dude, she's doing some serious Countess Bathory shit." He stepped out of the room and paused to give his leg a quick shake.

Mr. Dandridge looked to the bathroom doorway then heard a splash. He tucked his hands into his pants pockets then casually strolled towards the doorway. Continuing to hear further splashes, he entered the large bathroom then turned and faced a large sunken tub but saw no Vivian.

Blood suddenly sloshed over the rim of the tub. 

His eyes focused, caught sight of two hands splash through the bloody surface. His eyes scanned, saw smears of blood all over the white tiles of the bathroom floor along with two deathly pale and lifeless female corpses. 

He again looked to the tub, bubbles emerged as the bloodied hands sunk beneath the surface. His head tilted with curiosity. He had no idea that Vivian enjoyed playing with her food so creatively. His lips slightly puckered with intrigue then before his eyes a blood drenched figure, unmistakably Vivian's, slowly rose up out of the tub. 

Every inch of Vivian's milky skinned torso was silkily painted blood red with her ebony hair highlighted red as it was pasted down over her breasts. She leaned back against the slant of the tub as her bloodied hands slicked back her hair. Her eyes opened, the crystal blue of her eyes vibrant against the blood that coated the entirety of her face. 

She sang, "I always wanted to do that," her lips slightly puckered as she relaxed and rested her elbows against the rim of the tub, "Bathe in blood just as the legendary Elizabeth Bathory had." she then laughed with amusement, "She was one sick bitch, hmm?" 

She finally focused on Mr. Dandridge then casually asked, "So, what's up, Mr. Dandridge?" she then snidely questioned, "Did you manage to steal away from your sister?" she gave a mocking laugh then sarcastically inquired, "She's not going to come barging into my suite is she?"

"No," he answered, ignored Vivian's sarcasm, then explained, "She personally asked me to deal with you and your misbehavior towards a certain other vampire."

"Oh, Eric the Dip shit," she quipped then commented, "So, she sent you to punish me for my bad behavior." She again laughed, found the idea ridiculous.

"That depends," he spoke, his hands pulled from his pockets then he crossed his arms over his chest and asked, "Do you think that you, a mistress vampire, needs to be punished?

"Oh, maybe." she coyly sang then licked the tasty blood mixture from her lips and commented, "Depends on what you have in mind for my punishment." 

He took a few steps forward, the soles of his expensive shoes pressed into the smears of blood. With obvious amusement in his sly tone, he asked, "How should I punish you, Vivian?" 

"I don't know." she coyly replied, leaned forward then propped her face against her bloodied hand and curiously asked, "What is the punishment for biting the tip off some dick head's finger, hmm?" 

He fought back the urge to laugh then cleared his throat and informed, "That's a pretty steep crime against our own kind."

She quickly corrected him, "Oh, he's neither my kind nor type." she slid her hand from the side of her face then slowly aimed her bloodied finger at him and confidently informed, "You're my kind and definitely my type." she slyly tilted her head then batted her eyes and added, "Hey, it's not like I bit his dick off. That would've been so un-lady like." 

"Perhaps you should have." he commented, enjoyed the look of amusement over her bloodied face, especially her eyes then slyly he complimented, "I must say, red is definitely your color, Vivian."

Her lips again softly puckered, she agreed, "Thank you, I think so too." she leaned against the rim of the tub, eyed Mr. Dandridge from toe to head then commented, "And I take it you don't care much for Dick Master Eric."

"One of my sister's lovers and no." he confessed then slowly shook his head and stated, "So, perhaps actual punishment isn't warranted."

"Awe," she said with a pout then accused him, "There you go again, get my little hopes up then dash them away." she clicked her tongue against her teeth then continued to coyly accuse, "You are just too cruel, Mr. Dandridge." then she shook her head with disappointment, "One moment you have me heading towards the gates of vampire heaven then next, you damn well slam those bitches in my face." and lastly, with her lips pouted, she stated, "That's just wrong and totally cruel." 

She leaned back again then changed the subject and commented, "It sorta sucks that the blood gets so cold so quickly. I'm about to freeze my already coldblooded ass off." 

She pushed up and rose out of the cooled blood, the entirety of her naked curves streamed and painted by thick blood. She aimed her finger passed him then requested, "Would you be a dear and hand me that towel." 

He continued to grin, gave a short nod then leaned and snatched the towel. 

Vivian brought her leg over the rim of the tub and down against the first step. She carefully moved down the steps, her bare feet slicked by blood.

He graciously unfolded the oversized towel with his eyes focused on the bloodied beauty. She stepped before him with her eyes locked with his. She lifted her arms high above her head. 

Leaned forward, he wrapped the large black towel around her. 

She politely chimed, "Thank you, Mr. Dandridge." her arms lowered then looked about the floor and commented, "I told that moron not to make a mess." then she snickered, 

"Boy, the maid's service is gonna have a field day." 

His brows curiously lifted, eyes focused on her bloodied face then asked, "And how are you planning on getting yourself clean?".

She again looked him in the eyes. Her lips puckered with thought then she answered, "Hmm, I could jump in the shower." 

"Oh, that is simply wasteful, Vivian." he slightly scolded her, "I thought I taught you not to be wasteful."

She softly pouted her blood stained lips and apologized, "I'm sorry." then she grinned, "But it was a temptation I just couldn't resist." her eyes quickly scanned him then again returned to his, "Like so many others temptations." 

He leaned closer and, with a sly suggestive tone he said, "Well, Vivian, we can't allow anything to go to waste now can we." 

"Hmm," she hummed with intrigue then asked, "What do you have in mind, Mr. Dandridge?" 
