 Dusk filled the horizon and throughout that explosion fated casino every suite was awoken by the sounds of vampires rising. 

Vivian woke, she was ready to begin her evening of breaking down her Mr. Dandridge or perhaps it would be she who was broken. 

She dressed her best which was always; a black off the shoulder figure fitted satin dress with red lace appliques. What was beneath that tight dress was the real stunner and she determined at some point she would eventually have that dress removed. She snugly encased her figure within a curve enhancing black satin corset trimmed in red lace along hem of the heart shaped bust. 

With Pauly's help her hair was stylishly molded into that 40s inspiration. The length of her hair was draped over the right shoulder, held in place by a ruby studded barrette tucked securely to the right of the nap of her neck. Her makeup was done to perfection, her full lips coated in the sleek shine of a brilliant ruby red. On her feet she wore one of her more stunning Mary Jane six inch heels, rich black suede with blood red rubies clustered about the semi rounded toes. The final touch was her black satin opera styled gloves that reached just to the edge of the dress sleeves. 

Yes, Vivian Addams was dressed to kill and left her suite on the hunt for her Mr. Dandridge. 

That evening was called 'public dining' in the club lounge of the casino and resort. 

Once in the lobby she strutted her fabulous curves with Pauly anxious to begin another attack on the slots machines. Inside the casino, she handed another wad of cash to Pauly then leaned and pressed a kiss against his cheek then sang, "Have a blast, doll." She gave him a quick pat on the cheek. 

She strolled towards the club lounge with her chin held high. At the entrance she was handed an actual menu which made her giggle. She was escorted by him or her on the roller skates. 

"A booth." she stated to the long haired lovely but confusing black vampire who did a graceful spin as he or she gave a nod. 

She was brought to a crescent shaped booth where she scooted behind the table and checked out the menu. There were so many young men and woman to choose. "You know," she looked to roller skating creature then lifted the menu and tapped a photo of a young man with black hair and brown eyes, "He'll do just fine." 

She watched the apparent mute nod then spin and roll away. She lifted her purse and removed a silver cigarette case and lighter. Between her lips she tucked the cigarette then lit it up and sucked. Yep, an expert sucker, that she was.

She leaned back against the leather upholstered booth seat and eyed all the other vampires who were ordering or waiting for their meals. It was strange to pick your items, she thought, where was the fun? 

Well, she wasn't going to go diving fangs first into din-din. No, she was going to play with her food first then savor him little by little. Yep, she had grown to favor men with black hair and brown eyes but they never once fulfilled her main appetite which Mr. Dandridge was the sole item on that particular mental menu. 

Oh, she could have had her desired full flavored Mr. Dandridge the night before but there was no fun in giving in. She noted in thought, Mommy always said you had to make a man work for your affections. Well, she was determined to make him work for hers and he would likely do the same in return. It was all in fun of the game of cat and mouse though it was more like two vicious cats clawing at one another. 

Her young morsel was delivered and she eyed the young man for all he was worth. She determined, he was mostly to play with then suck. She reached her hand up to the nicely dressed man in his ripe twenties. "Hello, doll," she sang with her sultry pucker, "I'm Vivian and what's your name?" 

The young man took her hand and leaned down kissed the back of her gloved hand as he looked into her hypnotic crystal blue eyes. He sang, "Brandon, Miss Vivian." There was a hint of a southern drawl.

"Please, have a seat, Brandon." she offered, kept her eyes locked with his. 

Young Brandon slid onto the booth then nudged against her. 

She brought her arm over his shoulders then touched the side of his youthful face with her gloved hand. She inhaled his young scent then seductively praised, "You are positively delectable, doll." she then sang, "I adore your accent" then she hummed, "Hmm, a southern gentleman." 

She traced her satin fingertips along the shape of his jaw and stated, "I always love me some good old southern cuisine." She listened to him softly laugh. 

She took a suck from her cigarette then blew the smoke passed her puckered lips and into his face. With her eyes burned deep into his, she asked, "Would you care to escort me onto the dance floor, hmm?" She smiled her puckered lips then slid her arm from around his shoulders. 

Brandon agreed, slid out from the booth then offered his hand. 

She slipped her hand into his then slid her rear along the seat, rose up then sang, "Lead the way, doll." 

As Brandon held her hand and escorted her towards the dance floor, she couldn't help but take a gander at his little rear. Nope, she thought, not close to the rear she adored but good enough to start off the evening with. 

On the dance floor Brandon turned and brought his arms around Vivian's cinched waist then pressed against her. 

Vivian continued to hold the cigarette tucked between her fingers with that hand rested against the young man's subtly muscular shoulder as her other arm was around his neck. Her eyes held his, he obviously under her spell. His body moved sexually against hers with his hands eagerly molded over the outer roundness of her rear. 

She slowly turned around, his hands slid and pressed against the curve of her hips. Her hips moved with sly motions and caressed her rear back against him. She felt the heat of his lips graze along the bared curve of her left shoulder. She smirked her pucker tensed, felt his eager hands slide upward and move against her abundant breasts. 

Well, she mused in thought, she had herself a frisky one. She couldn't blame the young man for having the desire to get his hands on her for she was the perfect embodiment of vintage beauty. 

She lifted her arm and slowly turned, her eyes again locked with his. She felt her eyes distort into their lovely silvery tone. Her arms lowered then her satin covered hands moved to the sides of his young face and slid down to the collar of his shirt. Her hands gripped and with a jerk, she exposed his semi hairy chest which caused her to somewhat frown with disappointment. She sighed, "Oh, well." Then without hesitation, she simply tore into the side of his neck. 

Apparently Vivian wasn't the only one dining. Beneath the music came sounds of others ripping into their meals. 

She sucked and sucked with her arms tightly wrapped around him and the moment his knees buckled she simply let him hit the floor. 

She hummed with satisfaction, a slight trickle of blood at the corner of her lips. She took a good suck from the cigarette then tossed it down atop the young man's chest. She lifted her foot then snuffed the cigarette out with the sole of Mary Jane. 

"Thanks for the dance, doll." she sarcastically thanked the dead young man then playfully blew him a kiss. She giggled then turned around and witnessed quite a few bodies hitting the floor. 

She stepped forward, stepped over a few bodies, then sauntered through the crowd of feasting vampires. What a sight, she awed in though, vampires feeding amongst one another. It was something surely odd but exciting. Oh, she paused, her silvery eyes spotted someone who apparently was greedy with his menu and chose two items. 

She did a quick adjustment of her breasts then smoothed her hands down her curves. Forward she cockily sashayed right into Mr. Dandridge's direction.

Mr. Dandridge sat in his VIP booth with his mouth latched against the side of one of two chosen items, the other item sat to his left apparently oblivious to the goings on. He pulled back with a pleased gasp. He turned, prepared to do the same to the other young woman when a familiar voice interrupted.

Vivian's voice sarcastically quipped, "Well, I wasn't informed there was a two for one." 

His lips smirked then eyes shifted followed by his head. He greeted, "Hello, Vivian." He praised with thought, as always she was stunning in her vintage styling then he smugly stated, "Well, I am VIP and so, yes, I get two for one." 

His head turned, he focused on the young woman as he spoke to Vivian, "And if you don't mind." He cunningly smiled, the young woman looked him in the eyes. 

Vivian eagerly sang, "I don't mind if I do." 

His eyes frowned. 

Vivian scooted behind the table and bumped into the young blonde. 

He shifted then leaned back with a little frustrated pucker across his lips.

Vivian looked to the tacky blonde then to Mr. Dandridge. She was confused. Why was it that she had a hard time picking men because they always had to have black hair and brown eyes when he surely chose blonde after blonde? 

She commented on his taste, "I question your taste, Mr. Dandridge." Reluctantly she watched the young woman begin to make advances on him. It was apparent, she noted, the dumb blonde was oblivious to the slumped dead girl to Mr. Dandridge's right. Her eyebrow lifted, the eager young woman massaged her hand against Mr. Dandridge's expensive shirt. 

He quickly countered, "No one asked you to question anything, Vivian." he paid no attention to the young woman, then bitterly said, "And I especially hadn't asked your opinion on my tastes."

Speedily she counted back in question, "Since when do I need to be asked for my opinion, huh?" She grimaced, found the woman a tad too touchy. 

She looked to Mr. Dandridge who stared forward then quickly announced, "She's about to get to second base with your cute ass, Mr. Dandridge." She pointed out the fact the young woman's hand that eagerly unbuttoned a few of his buttons and was in the process of slipping a hand inside his shirt.

Refusing to look at Vivian, he stated, "None of your business, Vivian." 

With a shrug of her shoulders, Vivian quipped, "Okay, well." she pressed her lips together then said, "I'll leave you with the base stealer." 

She scooted out from behind the booth then sang, "Enjoy your second course." She giggled then sashayed away, made her sashay purposeful to emphasize her lovely rear. She strutted back into the somewhat crowded dance floor.

Mr. Dandridge shook his head, his eyes were consumed by Vivian's obviously stunning derriere. He huffed then his eyes frowned and shifted down. 

The blonde sure got touchy. 

His eyes rolled with annoyance. Swiftly he snatched the back of the woman's hair, jerked her head back, then tore into the side of her neck. 

He pulled back with a low gasp then licked the bloody remnants from his lips. His red eyes peered through the dance bodies and with a slight tilt of his head he focused on Vivian who had made herself quite welcome and comfortable with their dancing peers. 

Yes, he had his own agenda that concerned the feisty vampire vixen. He knew she hadn't come all that way across so many states to leave empty handed. He understood that her intentions were to leave with the taste of him in her mouth. 

A figure draped in red blocked his visual. His eyes shifted upward and looked to his sister's smug face. They shared many features from the deep set and large brown eyes, full lips, European toned skin, and richly black hair but most of all, the same greed. 

"Yes?" he spoke up.

Regine stood before her brother with her hands rested against her hips, "Have you had your fill, dear Brother?" she asked, glanced at the two blonde corpses then commented, "Again, blondes." Her lighter shaded brown eyes curiously frowned.

"Yes." Mr. Dandridge simply answered with a hiss.

"Why is it you feed on blondes." she shifted to the side and looked to her brother's other obvious taste for the infamous Vivian Addams, "Yet, your taste is questionable when it comes to that." She gestured towards Vivian with the roll of her eyes. Her eyes again looked down at her brother.

He again spoke up, "Sometimes, Sister." he then shoved the blonde corpse at his right to the floor beneath the table and worked his way out from the booth. He commented, "I swear I hear the distinct song of jealousy coming from your mouth." he rose up then slipped off his blazer, "Especially when it comes to who you refer to as that." He neatly folded the blazer and set it atop the table.

Regine laughed, "Me, jealous of her?" her laughter ceased as her face grew solemn with seriousness, "I have only confusion why you saw that she was even fit for the gift when you clearly knew how all of us despised her and her so called profession."

He took a step forward, aimed his red eyes into Regine's, "Try as you might to deter me from suspecting your jealousy," he commented with his smug tone, "But I have had that suspicion from the very beginning." he slung further his observation, "I believe it bothers you that I came to your so called vampire gathering to not admire your talents but in my own desire to see Vivian who I deem the true embodiment of a mistress vampire." he slightly grimaced as he quickly eyed his sister, "Honestly, what angers you the most, that I gifted Vivian or I gifted Vivian at her own free will?" 

His bitter statement given, he took a step to the side and moved towards the crowded dance floor, tired of his sister.

Regine fumed at her brother's accusations. Her eyes were swallowed by her signature yellowed tones rimmed in violent red. She knew her brother's true reasons for gifting Vivian Addams and it had to do with a certain portrait she watched plague him for centuries. She knew the pain staking efforts he made to mold Vivian into what she had become, decades of molding the bitch into his ideal perfect mistress vampire. 

Again, just as that damned portrait, her brother now was obsessed but obsessed with the embodiment of that portrait, Vivian Addams. Though she knew he would never see it himself, his obsession grew twenty-two years prior with his first meeting with the seventeen year old Vivian Addams. She understood and despised what weakness he displayed over the likes of Black No. 1 dyed hair that hung long down to a curvy backside. 

She grumbled then turned to prepare for that evening's performance amongst her admirers. 

Vivian had no intentions on leaving the club lounge without making her superior presence known but known to a particular vampire. 

She loved to dance, enjoyed to move her lustrous curves to seductive melodies. Music was always an excellent way to prominently display all her physical attributes. She had no care if she danced with herself or anyone else. Who else could keep up with her sexually enhanced dance moves but her. 

Her curvy hips slowly cocked from side to side as her shoulders moved with an equally slow shimmy. She sensually moved her hands over her very best attributes, her rear, hips, and tits. She rotated her hips as she slowly turning, her eyes were closed as she focused on her suggestive dance. Yet, she wished she would've gotten into some belly dancing training to combine it with her love of burlesque. 

Her brows frowned with her eyes still closed, felt very familiar smooth hands rest against the outward curve of her hips. Her lips created their sultry pucker, felt those familiar hands slide forward over against the narrowness of her cinched waist. 

She sang, "Well, hello, Mr. Dandridge."

Yes, he couldn't resist upon seeing Vivian alone with her sexually enhanced movements. His hands gathered at the base of her abdomen then nudged her back against him. 

She turned her head, opened her eyes then batted them as she looked at him. She snidely commented, "So, I take it you finished with your blonde appetizers." 

She lifted her arm and brought her hand back against the side of his face then accused, "Now you want the main course and dessert combined in one convenient package."

"As they say," Mr. Dandridge spoke with his smooth tone as his lips formed into that sly slanted grin, "We vampires always have an insatiable appetite."

She giggled, "Oh, so true, Mr. Dandridge." 

She slid her hand from his face then turned and faced him with his hands delivered down against her rear. Her arms lifted and moved around his neck. Her hands stroked against the silkiness of his ebony waves. Suggestively she inquired, "Do you assume that I could satisfy your insatiable appetite?" she grazed the side of her face against his then brought her softly puckered lips to his ear then confidently stated, "I know you could satisfy mine." 

He slightly turned his head, brushed his lips along the curve of her milky neck then paused at her ear dangled with a teardrop ruby studded earring then, with equal confidence said, "Oh, I don't assume, I know." his lips motioned against her ear, "And there is not a single doubt in my mind that I could satisfy yours, Vivian." 

She pressed herself against him and suggested, "Why don't we just put an end to our little back and forth game," her fingers combed into his hair, "And let's just get to the finale where we both win and satisfy our appetites, hmm." 

Her head leaned back and eyes looked into his then confessed, "I'm positively famished." she then firmly stated, "And I know you are." She swiftly crushed her lips again his.

The game was played and it was time for both Mr. Dandridge and Vivian to come out victors.

The elevator doors slid open. Inside a vampire couple startled the moment Mr. Dandridge stumbled backwards into the elevator with Vivian holding firm the sides of his face, their lips locked. 

The vampires were wide eyed as they watched Mr. Dandridge be slammed back against the adjacent elevator wall. They quickly scrambled out of the elevator. 

The elevator doors slowly closed. 

Vivian couldn't get enough of Mr. Dandridge's damned lips. She devoured his lips with all that pent up sexual tension their little squabbles built and built, along with her having been nearly a year without his lips. 

Her hands gripped the collar of his shirt and with a swift powerful jerk each of those expensive buttons were snapped and sent flying in all directions, ticked against the floor and walls within the elevator. She persistently purred and hummed as she eagerly pressed her silken gloved hands against his exposed chest. 

His hands grabbed the sides of Vivian's face then forced her lips from his and quickly he asked, "My suite or yours?" He saw the fiery lust burn within her silvery and blood red fractured eyes.

Her answer quick, "I don't give a fuck." Again she crushed her lips aggressively against his. 

He struggled within her aggression while leaning then reached for the panel inside the elevator. His thumb struck against the thirteenth floor button. 

The elevator started to rise as Vivian started to go down. 

His eyes slightly rolled as his head titled back in response of her lips eagerly suckling a trail down the front of his throat with light scrapes from the tips of her fangs. "Hmm, Vivian." he sighed in praised with a broad intoxicated smirk. He indulged in the sensations from her tasting tongue and suckling lips as she continued the trail further down the center of his chest nearing his abdomen. His eyes shifted and looked to the elevator floor counter. 

He again leaned then slammed his fist against the elevator's red stop button. He had an emergency which was to allow Vivian to continue the downward direction she was headed. 

He refocused, felt her silk covered fingers make swift work of his belt. He lightly laughed as he firmly gripped the chrome bar that lined the wall then sang, "Oh, Vivian!" 
