 Author Note:

Apologies for the delay, my dolls and dollies! I've been a very busy bee, stinging every one and all! 

Here continues our lovely vampire booty calls with the infamous Mr. Dandridge and Vivian Addams.

I do hope you enjoy!

Loves

Viv

*****

Atlanta: Summer of 1983

Vegas was a hit for Vivian and determined she would again go to one of those screwed up vampire gathering if it meant she would again get her claws into Mr. Dandridge's devilish skin. She reluctantly said her farewells to her stunning maker. More so reluctant because she knew once she stepped back into her normal way of life, she would continuously long to again have that fine piece of undead man meat blissfully blow her vampire loving mind. 

So, months passed after the vampire Sin City booty call. Back into her real world she stepped amongst the southern streets of good old Atlanta where she again ruled the night. And inside that nagging desire for Mr. Dandridge clawed like a feral cat in heat. 

She managed to move passed her sole need to feed on those men who sported black locks and dark eyes, spread out the menu into the same sex as she. She needed something to occupy her desires though they were never as fulfilled as they were during that amazing night were Mr. Dandridge devoured her in more ways than one.

Her fortune with those property investments made her life quite comfortable. She finally purchased a decent home worthy of Vivian Addams. A sprawling beauty of a plantation house nestled in one of the outer Atlanta cities. A majestic structure, a beautiful Queen Ann Victorian with plenty of that vintage charm she loved which went perfectly with her vintage inspired appearance. Where it was located, simply perfect, a large vacant dead end on a dirt back road which meant Pauly needed to keep their recently purchased antique Rolls Royce spotless and cleaned of dust.

It was the typical southern summer which had no real effect on Vivian for she was unnaturally cold blooded being a gorgeous mistress vampire. Her purchased old school manor sat nestled beyond the southern traditional magnolia trees at the end of a quite lengthy driveway. She had spent most of her immortal life amongst the suburban and city life, so it was pleasant and private change. She still used one of the empty cotton factories she purchased as a place to discard the trash which meant every evening Pauly had to drive in an old beat up pickup truck to take out the trash in the further location near the metropolis. 

On one of those dazzling summer nights, Vivian decided to take it easy, just relax inside her lovely home. Upon dusk, she woke and leisurely devoured the life of a common homeless individual Pauly picked up that day with the offer of a good meal. She had no need to be too lavish with dining and simply plucked the life out of that poor soul. She guessed she did him a favor since it seemed he had no one who truly cared if he lived or died, including her.

Later that evening she decided to lounge about in her silken red robe and feather tufted slippers. She took a comfortable seat in the entertainment room as Pauly prepared to take the lengthy drive to take out the trash. 

She still had a taste for her old classic Hammer films. Though she knew vampires weren't anything as they were depicted in those films, there was still an enjoyment of lovely Christopher Lee's portrayal of the most famous vampire of all. Yet, for her, her famous vampire of all time was Mr. Dandridge. 

She even kept her framed Hammer film posters. No reason to discard art, she determined. 

Sorry, Mr. Lee, she apologized in thought, you've been replaced. 

She sat on the velvet upholstered sofa with her legs comfortably propped atop the matching ottoman. Beside her on the sofa was a lovely silver tray of ripened strawberry and in her hand a nice gin and tonic, no ice. She loved the use of a remote to control her console television, she even purchased one of those lovely video cassette players. Inside the VCR she had one of her very fondest Christopher Lee films, The House of Dracula. 

She sipped her gin and tonic then sucked a ripe strawberry. She heard Pauly fumbling about with the trash. Her thumb hit play on the VCR remote and the film started to play. 

"Viv?" Pauly spoke up as he stood in the large open doorway of the entertainment room.

"Hmm?" Vivian hummed with her large blue eyes focused on the television.

"I'm going now, Viv." Pauly announced then asked, "Is there anything you need before I leave?"

She lifted her hand and with a twist of her wrist gave Pauly a signal to leave and replied, "I'm good, Pauly."

"Okay, well," Pauly took a step back, "I'll be back in a couple hours."

"Okie dokie." she sang, unable to relieve her eyes of the gathering story on the television.

Pauly nodded then left to the back of the house.

Vivian continued to sit and watch the vampire romanticism play out. She heard Pauly leave. She not once got up from her comfortable spot on the sofa. She sipped her drink and sucked her strawberry. There were moments she giggled in response to the representation of what vampires looked like. Quite happy she was that vampires in no way looked as those old classic films portrayed. 

The film not quite halfway through, the house's old doorbell chimed.

Vivian's shoulders shrugged, Pauly wasn't home to answer the damned door. Her lips puckered with annoyance. She shook her head, no way was she going to get up off that sofa to answer the damned door. No, whoever it was, she determined, would just go back the way they came and leave her the hell alone. She wasn't in any mood to have some bible banger ringing the doorbell in hopes of saving her soul when it was already tagged for a one way ticket into hell. And, thankfully, the doorbell ceased its chiming.

She plucked another strawberry off the tray then tucked it between her lips, bit the very tip segment off and rolled it about her tongue as she sucked the juices. Her eyes widened as they focused on the continuance of Christopher Lee's determined pursuit. She pulled back the strawberry then brought the glass of gin and tonic to her lips and very slowly sipped. 

Her eyes slowly frowned then left brow lifted. There was a strange sense that she wasn't alone. Her eyes shifted one direction then the other. Slowly her lips made a curious pucker. 

Why did she have such an odd sense? 

She heard no one enter the house. Obviously Pauly wasn't back yet. Yet, she had a distinct feeling she was definitely not alone. 

She dropped the half sucked strawberry onto the tray then set the gin and tonic on the end table. Great, she thought, someone seriously decided to break into a vampire's lair. 

She slowly brought her feet down from the ottoman and paused the movie. She listened closely to the silence of the house, heard every little creak throughout with her keen vampire hearing. 

That sense grew, it was an instinct that said someone trespassed on her territory. There were times before she had that sense and knew another vampire had passed through her area. Vampires never shared territories, would cause too much of a hassle with two or more vampires dispatching victims. 

Yet, she thought, why in the hell would another vampire want to go trespassing in another vampire's actual home? 

It was fine if they wanted to pass through and grab a bite to eat but to actually step over the threshold of another vampire's lair. "Wait?" she whispered with a confused frown. Vampires couldn't enter without permission from the rightful owner which included another vampire's home. 

She sat there, tried to figure out why she developed that sense of another vampire. Her lips tensed as her mind tried to wrap around what the hell she was sensing. But it was there, that sense was there. 

Slowly she rose up onto her tufted slippers and loosely tied the belt of her silk robe. Her eyes shifted about the entertainment room which was dimly illuminated by the television. 

Had a vampire rang her doorbell? 

"Huh." she somewhat huffed and planted her hands on her hips. She decided that it had to have been a vampire because that's why she got such a vibe of another bloodsucker. They obviously left, she assumed. 

She shook her head, thought herself being ridiculous then returned seated on the sofa. Perhaps she was just wigging out because she was all alone in that big house. She chuckled, that was more ridiculous because she was a vampire. What was there to be afraid of?

The movie was continued as she again plucked another ripe strawberry.

Yet, Vivian wasn't alone, her senses read correctly. 

She being distracted by the movie, there came a drift of mist that moved through the open doorway of the entertainment room. Towards the sofa the mist drifted, seemingly with a mind of its own then gathered behind and formed behind the sofa.

Vivian again giggled at the horrible vampire display. Her eyes remained on the movie as her hand reached over the arm of the sofa to grab her glass of gin and tonic but her fingers felt no glass. Her head turned then eyes looked to discover her glass of gin and tonic vanished. Her eyes quickly frowned and thought, something weird sure in the hell was going on. She stared at the glass vacant table, knew damned well she set it there. 

She grumbled, "What the fuck?" 

"Looking for this?" a voice asked from directly from Vivian's right.

Vivian's head darted to her right, she nearly slammed against the arm of the sofa being startled. Her crystal blue eyes flinched wide then blinked. Then her eyes focused and watched the rim of the glass be brought to a very familiar set of full manly lips slyly formed into a beyond familiar slanted grin. 

With a gasp, she stammered, "What the...?" 

Mr. Dandridge took a sip of Vivian's gin and tonic as he sat relaxed beside her with his arm casually rested atop the back of the sofa and legs crossed at the ankles. "Hello, Vivian." he sang with a snide lift of his brows.

"What in the hell are you doing here?" she quickly asked then questioned, "And how are you even in my house?" Yes, it was more than great that he was there seated on her sofa but she was confused how he managed to trespass.

"Oh, I didn't tell you." he spoke up then explained, "Your maker is the only vampire who can enter your home." He took another sip of the gin and tonic.

She shook her head then said with surprise, "Um, no you never mentioned that."

"Sorry." he gave a simple apology though his grin was less than apologetic.

She sat up poised then planted her left hand on her hip and asked, "What are you doing here?"

He swallowed the liquor then stated, "I was passing through and thought, why not swing by and say hello."

Her lips puckered and eyes focused on him suspiciously then repeated his statement, "Just passing through." she then asked, "Why didn't you call first or something?"

"Why?" he nonchalantly asked then commented, "Why call when I could just surprise you." he continued to grin then chimed, "Surprise."

She somewhat rolled her eyes in response to his snide remarks then quickly snatched her drink out his hand and finished it off with a quick swallow. 

The glass was slammed down against the table then she again faced him. "Okay, you're here, trespassed into my home." she commented then asked, "What do you want, Mr. Dandridge?" She had a good idea the reason he made a supposedly impromptu stop at her residence.

His grin broadened as he slyly eyed her then replied, "I just figured since I was passing through I'd just simply stop by, that's all."

"Bull shit." she quickly remarked then gave him her point of view, "I believe you're here because of what happened in Vegas."

In response he coyly asked, "A vampires reunion?" 

Her pucker tensed in response to his coyness then said, "No," she shook her head then added, "Well, our reunion more like it, Mr. Dandridge. I think," she brought an elbow rested atop the sofa, "Actually, I know that you're here because you couldn't resist making a little repeat of Vegas inside my fabulously restored Queen Ann." 

"Yes." he somewhat agreed then stated, "I agree, the restoration was done beautifully. Excellent choice." 

His eyes glanced around the shadowed entertainment room then found the television screen with Christopher Lee's sprouted fangs and bloodshot eyes. His eyes frowned then shifted back to her. He pointed at the television and inquired, "You seriously still entertain yourself with that?" 

She hated how he was basically beating around the truthful bush concerning his visit. Her eyes glanced at the television. She snatched the remote then turned off the movie. With a hiss she confessed, "Yes." She then looked at him suspiciously with another lift of her brow.

He shook his head, found her expression amusing, then commented, "Vivian, I thought you would've grown out of such Gothic drivel."

"What?" she asked then stated, "Just because I happen to be and know the real thing doesn't mean I have to automatically disown the fabulous Christopher Lee or even Bella Lugosi. If it weren't for the likes of them, I would never have gotten so interested in vampires."

He knew her stated wasn't the truth. He knew the reason she became so interested in vampires was because of him. Yet, she didn't know he was the reason she became obsessed. 

He decided to take the conversation into a different direction and asked, "Oh, you find them fabulous, do you?"

She knew where he was headed then stated, "Yes, they are fabulous. Two of the greats when it came portraying Dracula. I find them very appealing." She gave him a puckered smirk.

He again shook his head and stated, "I'm disappointed."

"About what?" she quickly asked.

He slightly leaned closer to her, loved the sly expression within her crystal blue eyes. "Well because they're not the real thing." he stated then slyly added, "I would think you would have a greater appreciation for the real thing."

She leaned closer, her pucker firm and brow lifted, then commented, "Oh, don't worry," she made a quick scan of his stunning features highlighted by the glow of the television, "I do have a greater appreciation for the real thing." she leaned back then egotistically quipped, "Me."

He couldn't help but gave a little chuckle in response to her ego then praised, "Well, said."

"Hmm, you know it." she smugly agreed then leaned back further against the arm of the sofa then asked, "So, is your house pet outside waiting on you?" she then commented, "I'm sure you'll have to skedaddle soon."

"Nope." he answered, somewhat laughed at her commented towards Billy, then explained, "Billy's at the hotel. I arrived here by my own means."

"Hotel?" she commented with question, found it ridiculous, "You're staying at a hotel?"

He replied, "Well, I can't very have my coffin sitting in the back of the Jeep, now can I?"

"Seriously, you should've called, Mr. Dandridge." she spoke then stated, "I would've gladly put you up for the day. I've got plenty room and a large yard to cater to your guard dog."

He again chuckled at her constant insults towards Billy then sarcastically commented, "Oh, I'm sure Billy would've loved that."

"Yes, I'm sure." she commented with a roll of her eyes. 

She eyed him as she slid her legs from the ottoman. She asked, "So, would you care for a tour of my totally restored Queen Ann?" There was plenty more suggested within her tone.

"Why yes." he agreed then added, "I would love to see more."

"Okay!" she sang then rose up off the sofa. 

She planted her hands on her hips as he remained seated with his lovely large browns taking a nice long scan of her standing form. Again her lips did their puckered grin, "Well," she spoke up as his eyes finished scanning upward and finally looked into hers, "You wanna see more or not?" She watched his lips again form that stunning slanted grin.

"Oh, the house." he coyly said though the slyness across his lips said otherwise.

"Well, my name sure in hell isn't Queen Ann." she quipped back at him. She lifted her right hand off her hip then coiled her finger summoning him up off the sofa.

His brows lifted as that grin remained firmly etched across his lips. Slowly he rose up as his eyes held hers and urged, "Lead the way."

She did a spin on her heeled slippers then waved for him to follow. In typically fashion, she sashayed her curves as she strolled out of the entertainment room. She did another spin and faced him. 

The tour began.

"I suppose you missed this when you snuck your way in," she guessed and planted her hands on her hips, "The foray." 

It was apparent that he truly wasn't interested in an actual tour of the lovely home because his devilish eyes not once strayed from his view of her. 

She cocked her stance, clearly read the truth behind his impromptu visit. Her Mr. Dandridge surely hadn't had enough during the Vegas reunion. Yet, she was never one to make things easy, let alone herself. 

She lifted her hands palm up and gestured to the lovely foray then sang in tour guide fashion, "All the original woodwork," she turned to the side and pointed at the heavenly beautiful stained glass above the main entrance, "The original stained glass. Throughout the entire house, every bit of stained glass is original." 

She turned on her heels the moment he looked as if he was about to make his move. She sauntered forward, peeked over her shoulder at him then moved to the staircase.

She moved up onto the stairs and chimed, "Wait until you get a load of the stained glass window at the top of the stairs, remarkable." She eased up the stairs, prominently cocked her hips side to side as she heard his steps directly behind her. 

At the top of the landing, she stopped before the three large panes of beautiful stained glass. She sighed, "Only if I could see this when the suns out." she turned to the side as he stepped onto the large landing, "That's what sucks about being what we are. We can never have the pleasure of seeing daylight through such beautiful colored glass." She again sighed then shrugged, obviously knew he really didn't care about the array of stained glass throughout the house.

She moved down the main corridor and led him towards the next destination which she silently deemed the final destination. She sang, "I'll show you the best room in the house." 

She again peeked over her shoulder as he gracefully strolled behind her. She looked forward with a sly puckered grin over her lips then again stated, "Yep, the best room in the house."

She paused, turned and faced the double doors of what was the house's master bedroom. She grabbed the original brass knobs, twisted, then stepped forward. The doors were brought wide open and she continued forward then stopped and did another spin on her slippers. Both hands against planted on her hips, she watched him step over the room's threshold. 

"I've always wanted a bedroom like this." she stated then gave the room a quick scan and stated, "The round room, very Victorian." her eyes stopped on him, "Truly a shame, I never really have any use for it, since, well, we sleep in coffins hidden beneath our lovely houses." she brought a heel back followed by another, "I don't even bother bringing my dinner up here to tarnish such a lovely room." 

Mr. Dandridge made quick notice of the large traditional four post Victorian bed with an open canopy a foot or so below the tall twelve foot ceiling. His eyes looked forward and focused on Vivian who seated herself on the foot of the bed. "Very lovely." he commented though it was towards her superb loveliness.

"Yes, I know." she smugly agreed then leaned back with her hands against the bed. She crossed her legs right over the left and made damned sure that her curvy right leg was strategically exposed through the opening of the loosely tied robe. 
