 Disturbed by the last visitation and the revelation of myself in the library in different times, I needed to find some way of making sense of all this and, especially, to see if I could figure out what I was doing in two places, two times. For I was convinced that I had seen myself in the library alcove, so I needed to know what had happened to me (him) back then, and whether she too had left her trace in that time, another veil in place, another place in time.

Puzzling on this, I wandered back up the long avenue to the hall where I lived. And I spotted the old guy who looked after the grounds - hey, he must be seventy if he's a day. He might even remember something - I'd heard that he had worked the grounds all his life.

"Hey, Mack, got five minutes for a chat?"

"Sure do boy, any excuse for a smoke!"

"Hey, how good is your memory of when you first started here? There's some weird stuff I've heard, wondered if you knew anything about it." I continued on with some of what I had read in the papers about Grace and her disappearance.

"Before my time, boy, but I do recall something of the aftermath." And then he paused, looking long and hard at me, "do I know you, son?"

"Don't think you'd know me, only been here this last year. But what do you mean, aftermath?"

And he went on tell me that many years after Grace had disappeared, and after her parents had died, the police caught someone who knew just a little too much about the girl's last known days. And even though they never found her body, they found enough evidence to hang him for her murder. Fuck, this was getting weird.

"What did they find?"

"Dunno son, but they found it in the clock tower, whatever it was. And here's the strange thing for ya, ever since they hanged the bastard, the fuckin' birds in this place have just been fuckin' odd as you like. Lots of 'em for a start, and weirdest damn breeds I've ever seen in this town. Know somethin' else? Damn clock tower had a dove cote in it, once."

Now this was seriously strange.

Amazed and disturbed by this latest information, I made my farewells to old Mack, and kept on up the avenue to the residential halls. As I left him, Mack called after me, "I do know you boy, I seen your picture, I sure as shit know you from somewhere. I seen you, boy."

Crazy old bastard, how the hell could he have seen me in a picture? I'd only lived in this city less than a year. I came from a small rural town in the north of the state, no way could he have seen pictures of me. Hell, I'd hardly seen pictures of me.

"Fuck this, I need a drink." So I turned back on my tracks and made my way back to the bar, which was on the other side of the quad from the library. It was dark now, with a bright three-quarter moon climbing the cloud whipped sky. The moon was so bright that it cast a shadow from the clock tower. And the words of old Mack rang in my ears, "damn clock tower had a dove cote in it once." 

And then, with a rush and a flash of silver wings, a huge owl beat the air around my head, talons drawing a skein of blood from my scalp. Instantly my prick hardened and I felt a surge in my guts and in my balls, whoa, here we go, here she is again. And then one last conscious thought, "that's one fucking big bird," before my mind switched into blind acceptance and instinct. Because I had no choice here, she was going to manifest somewhere, and I was going to be food and prey for her silver incarnation. 

Ten minutes later, somehow, I found myself by the back stair of the library, where the old metal fire escape climbed the building wall up to the base of the tower. Like a zombie I climbed the cold stair till I reached a door. This must be the old caretaker's apartment, deserted now. Carefully I edged the door open, hinges rusty creaking, old paint flaking. But at least it was dry. Moon silver light spread through the room, and there on the bed in front of me, there lay the long body of a naked silver-sheened girl.

She was stretched out on the bed in front of me, arms straight above her head, hands linked together. Her long torso, spine straight, swept down to the most glorious swellings of her ass. Long strong legs, firm thighs and fulsome calves, long feet with long nails on her toes. Lean and long, she had the muscle tone of an athlete. Edging closer I saw a magnificent mane of long silver hair, thick and waved like some silver pre-Raphaelite painting, spread rich and long over the pillow.

Edging even closer I could see on the nape of her neck a small triangle of silver hair, almost like soft short fur, running down her neck to just above her shoulders. And the trail of fur-like hair was repeated in the cleft of her ass cheeks, thicker there.

And I heard a soft voice, not fully human but not something else either, softly sigh, "caress me, heat me." So bidden, I was commanded. So I carefully climbed onto the bed beside her and knelt above her, the cloth of my jeans touching her legs.

"Flesh, hot flesh," the sigh repeated and again I was commanded. So I stripped off my clothes and again knelt above her, my hot balls nestling on the crack of her ass. Her flesh was cool but not cold, her soft hair silken against the hair of my sac. I began to gently circle my fingers and the palms of my hands across her shoulders and up her strong, firm arms. I could feel the strength of her muscles under her skin, taut flesh, tight flesh. My fingertips trailed hot lines over her skin, softly, gently, caressing warmth into her. I felt more than heard a soft purr in her throat, and her body rippled and relaxed under me.

Encouraged, I circled my hands lower, over her shoulders and the upper part of her back. Pulling her long hair away from her neck I lowered my mouth to the downy triangle of hair and felt softness against my lips. I kissed her throat and she turned her head so I could also kiss her cheek. Her eyes were closed and again she nestled down lower under my touch, softening and warming as I caressed her. My own blood was moving now, and the soft coil of my cock began to fill and thicken. And as I did so, she pushed her ass back against me and my cock straightened against my belly and against her back. The bar of heat between us filled and throbbed and we pressed hard against each other.

I shifted my way down her legs, which she opened just a little to surround my now red hard, purple headed cock, a small throb in the main vein on its top side, beat beat beat with my heart-beat. My hands and fingers were now a long caress up and down her spine, along the long muscles of her back, over the tight curves of her sides. And my lips and tongue traced a mouth hot, tongue licked trail over the knubs of her spine, savouring the soft buzz of the fine down along the middle of her back. Sighing now, her legs widened under mine, pressing the heart of her groin down against the heat of mine, heat filling the flesh between us and the hot wetness from her hot centre.

I was kneeling then over her calves and her long feet, and they held and stroked my cock and balls. I could feel the cold edge of her long nails edge against the length of my rod, iron hard now, heat pulsing, a tiny tip of moisture dropping from the slit. My tongue now reached the downy triangle of hair at the top crease of her taut, tight ass, and my hands gently eased each firm globe away from the centre of her. 

The line of hair thickened as it flowed to the tight bud of her asshole, a rich red brown star, corrugated like a nipple, only cratered, not peaked. I sighed my hot breath over her tight pulsing hole and felt her shiver. She pushed her ass up higher against my mouth, and there were her hands, taking the place of mine to spread her cheeks apart and open up her hot core to my hot mouth.

My tongue thrust into her dark tight hole, a sweet musk of taste. I sucked on the tight puckered rosebud, opening up her darkness to the depth of my tongue, and her ass pushed back onto me, urging my tongue deeper, my mouth hotter, her deep dusk musk rich in my mouth, her hole tightening on my tongue, drawing it deeper into her body. And I sucked on her sweet rich hot hole my tongue deep into the heat of her, my deep thrusting tongue hard into her and she moaned, "deeper, hotter, tongue fuck oh yes, my asshole, do it deeper."

And with a shudder she bucked up her ass, her strong haunches thrusting her tight hard ass cheeks hard up against my face and my head reared back. The sight of her was magnificent, her red hot pulsing asshole ripe and dark within the silver darkness of her rich, thick hair, her wet hole puckering and darkly opened, her long hard thighs firm below the tightness of her rounded globes, her long back swayed to the pillows under her shoulders. She was long and dark and musky scented openness, wet and heat pulsing under me.

I moved up behind her, placing the base of my belly under the wet hot heat of her so that her cunt slid along the top of my shaft and the hot head of my cock pushed against the base of her belly, her anus hotness cheeks spread, fiery heat on the base of me. She straightened her arms so that she was now like an animal on all fours, and her hard tight breasts swung under her body, her burning centre both heated places thrust back seated against me. 

And I reached under her to palm the weight of her breasts up against her body. Her breasts, tight hard erect long nipples, were hot in my hands and my hands were hot cupped grips around them. And I held them warm and tight and firm, pressured up against her chest, nipples long between my fingers, pinched one and then the other. Firm hard nubs of heat in the palms of my hands, corrugated hot centres between my fingers.

We slowed our movements to a soft slow sway of her breasts and her torso, rhythmic ripples down the curves of her sides and the long swerves of her thighs. Every so often she would press her hot wet centre against my hardness and the heat in my balls, and our bodies hot and pressing against each other, our bodies sighed and cried out to each other. And it was warm and nourishing and soft and gentle. My tongue could still feel the tight ring of her dark hole, and my lips still wet with the sweet suckle of her, and the strong dark musky scent of her lingered in the air between us.

And then a new urgency took her. She stirred her strong haunches and again thrust herself upwards and back, and I was pushed away from gently resting against her hot centre; and now her dark ring somehow became greedier, hungry for filling. Whereas before it was my tongue penetrating her sweet hole, and my mouth sucking her back opening into my hotness, now it seemed that her hole was the hungry one, her body wanting to suck me into her heat and flesh. She was now the hungry one wanting to be satiated. She was now the one wanting to be filled, deeply, darkly, my hot thickness to be sucked deep into her depths.

Somehow it seemed as if her ass was now bigger, the muscles on her haunches harder and tighter, yet at the same time more voluptuous, more demanding, more pornographic, more fuckable. Her breasts swung fuller and harder and tighter, her nipples more sensitive, more tightly connected to the bud at the top of her cunt, just throbbing with nerves connecting every hot sensitive place on her ever so delicious licentious body, and all now focused on the hot centre of that magnificent pulsing deep dark dirty fuck hole. Her cunt red lips and peaking clit may have beckoned if she had been lying on her back, but with that silver patch of thick hair pointing straight down the cleft of her tight round cheeks, thrusting back at me, there was only one place to go.

I threaded my fingers through the slippery hot wetness dripping from her red sex, and pulled it up to her dark hole, spreading it thick on the star of her ass. My prick was iron rigid now, balls tight and hard up against the base of me, my own tight hole pulsating with my heart beat, just as her hole beat to her beat, heart heat, faster beat.

I placed the full purple helmet of my cock against the tightness of her hole. But before I could flex the muscles of my own tight ass and thrust that first inch into the circle of hard muscle, she lurched back against my shaft, and pushed her body up onto mine. The hard round head of my cock locked itself behind her ring of sphincter and I was held there, pulsing. She was going to take me, inch by hard veined inch. Like a tom cat, there would be no going backwards for me. She lurched back again and another two inches slid into her passage. Fuck she was tight, and my prick so thick and engorged, her ass clamped down, gripping me harder than any hand ever had.

And I was bowed over her, my belly against her lower back, my chest and tight hard nipples against her strong upper back. One hand supported my weight and my other hand palmed tight against her nipple and dropping breast, her flesh heavy in my hand and hot, finger thick nipple nubs rolled between my fingers. And she pushed back again, thrusting that deep dark clenching place onto my hardness, gripping tight. And I looked down to see our bodies joined, her rich brown hole pulsing tight around my disappearing shaft. 

With a low guttural grunt, she enclosed my whole eight inch prick deep into the guts of her. My solid full balls fell wet against the lips of her cunt. And she held me in her tightest place with her tightest grip. Every heartbeat bounced through my cock, and her squeeze was long and hard and delicious. And she held me there, her own pulse doubling against mine.

We stayed still and locked together this way for maybe five minutes, our pulse beats synchronising deep in her body, my thick cock pulsing at the root of her. Our movements were just small thrusts into her from me, and small lunges back onto my throbbed grabbed prick from her. Each time she gripped I let out a low moan deep in my throat, which she echoed with a soft guttural grunt. There was no language between us, just some primal lust fuck driven thing, noises from the depths of our being, instinctive and primitive.

And then her body writhed and twisted, the long muscles in her strong haunches gripped my thighs, and she sat back on me, still sheathing my cock in her ass. Her long back was now against my chest, my tight nipples hard against her flesh. And she took one of my hands and placed it around one sweet delicious breast, my fingers twisting her thick nipple nubs. My other hand she placed against the rippled flatness of her belly, my palm over her hollowed umbilicus, my fingers spreading through the soft down of hair that threaded from the base of her belly up the seam of her muscled front to the small whirl of her navel.

My hands in place for her pleasure, she then dipped her fingers into the heat of her cunt and laced her slick juiced fingers around her engorged clitoris, long and stiff, standing proud from the thick silver coils of her lush pubic hair. Moaning, her other hand gripping her other breast, she then began to rock against me, ass heat against my heat, tight muscle gripping my flesh, and she rocked me. Slowly at first and then she rode me, ass tunnel riding high on my cock shaft and then fucking down hard onto my length, ass cheeks sliding against my swollen balls each time she thrust down to my groin.

So she pumped me, long hard thrusts sliding gliding gripping fucking down my shaft, her hot wet passage slick now with her juice and the sweat from us. Our hands pulled together hard on her firm tight long hot nips, fingers clenching and twisting, tugging on the sweet thick buds. Her fingers slick and wet through her cunt, her clit rounded and rubbed with one long finger fast and sliding. Her voice now a long keening, breath panting, long low grunts as she pushed her ass down my turgid tortured shaft, my own grunts and guttural moans panting in time with hers.

Fucked hard by her, I thrust faster into her, my hand on her belly almost feeling the surge of muscle rippling through her gut with each thrust. Steadily faster, we fucked into and onto each other's bodies, each taking our pleasure from the other, each pleasuring hard the other, both of us fucking and fucking, thrusting and sliding, her tight tight tunnel gripping my solid hard shaft, her thrusting breasts engorged nipples incredibly erect and long. She swirled her clit with two stiff fingers, urging herself into a swooning, keening, cuntdom of full intensifying swollen lipped dripping slickness, her hand sliding down through her thick tangling hair to twist on the base of my shaft as her ass rode up to the head of it, and to finger her cunt when her ass slid down the shaft of it.

And with a firm gripping heat, her ass tunnel tightened around my cock and pulled firmly up on it, pulling my swollen cock head even deeper into her guts as if she would birth me there, deep inside herself. Then she stilled on me, her body poised in one incredible hanging precipice of ecstasy; her cunted finger gave one final twist over the head of her tangled clitoral redness, her fingers one final pull on the swollen tip of her breast,and her throat a long slow keening cry... and with a throbbing pounding heartbeat of pleasure, she came. Her long lean body rippled with the power of it, and every muscle throughout her being pulsed with it. 

Exquisite, churning cunt pleasure, gripping tight ass clenching milking cock swollen balls, semen rising and pulsing from the guts of me, my own ass muscle puckering and opening with the thrust of her, my own spurting thrusting cock driven semen burst into the depth and heat of her ass, her long tunnel filling with my seed, and my own come exploded into her.

Incredibly, my hand on her belly then felt a tremble and a churn of her gut muscles, as if the milking continued deep in her belly. Some strange peristaltic twist surged through her. 

And then her head turned to the side and for a second time she showed me her cheek, but my lips did not touch that soft flesh, for her head continued to impossibly rotate. With a shudder of horror that matched the shudder in my groin just ten seconds before, I realised that I had not yet seen her eyes, but here they were now, impossibly huge and round, facing me now as her head finished its impossible rotation. Oh my holy god, I remembered the bird that had swooped my head, the big silver powerful bird, the owl, the fucking owl. Those huge eyes blinked once, slowly.

And the ecstatic horror continued, as she placed her full red lips on mine and forced her long tongue into my mouth, parting my own lips. And with another impossible churn of her gut, a twist of muscle and a gag in her throat, she heaved up a sweet thick pulse of liquid, and a throb of my own come slid to the back of my throat. With unbelief and expanding terror, I realised that she was feeding me, feeding me with my own seed, feeding me with my own milk white come, feeding me with my own juice, that had been in the guts of her. Feeding me as a mother bird feeds her young. Feeding me so that she might feed from me, later, later.

And my own body betrayed me, as my thickness was still held within her bowel, my thickness not yet subsided, my cock still held tight. With a rich red full lipped smile, she twitched on me one last time, and her ass caressed my prick as she slid her hotness off me, away from me. Slipped up my shaft and her thick musk heat left me, cock swollen but softening, my balls loosening, the head of my cock popped free from her glorious hole. Ah fuck, she had fucked me, fucked my head as she had fucked my prick, fucked my soul. I was fucked.

She still had not finished with me: she stood above me, her long, strong, magnificent body, her lewd heavy breasts, her dripping slit, her pulsing hole, she stood tall over me in triumph. With a full red lipped smile and an unnerving gaze from her incredible huge eyes, she flicked her long mane of hair, darker now, a streak of black. Twisting her hair about her face, she turned and strode to the window. Turned and twisted on the air, massive wings beat shadows against the moon, and she was gone. Gone. And I was coming back from heaven and hell, and in between, for I did not know where I had been.
