 "Alexandra, we have to do this, to save our family's name from shame. You will go to England and my sister will look after you. And when it's all done, you can come back home."

Alexandra's father, a tall, well dressed man, looked sternly down on his wayward daughter. While he loved his daughter as only a father can love his daughter, he was a man of principles and standing in his community. It was important for a family to be respectable, but his nineteen year old daughter had not been responsible, and now the consequences had to be managed. There had been a discreet exchange of letters with his sister on the other side of the Atlantic, language veiled and nothing actually written in words, but the meaning quite apparent. And it was agreed. Alexandra and her maid Odette would sail for England on the next available steamer. Aunt Catherine would look after the girl, the necessary time would pass, the necessary arrangements would be made, and Alexandra could then return to the respectable home. The family name would be secure, and a worthy hand in marriage would be inevitable. The girl was, after all, the heiress to a very substantial fortune. There was a lot of money to be made in railroads, in the late nineteenth century.

So Alexandra and Odette were bundled aboard the RMS Umbria, the fastest Cunard steamer of the day, their travelling trunks stacked high on the trolleys, cabin boys eager to see more of these lovely girls. For Alexandra was exquisite. Her long raven black hair curled to her waist, her long crinoline dress nipped in tight at her waist, and every now and then the delectable sight of her little boots flashed illicitly below the sumptuous velvet skirts. The girl wore the height of fashion, just as she had seen in the engraved advertisements she found in the best newspapers and journals. Her brilliant green eyes flashed from her pale heart-shaped face, her nose was lovely with a little up-turned tip, her little ear lobes delicate. Her full lips were ripe, like strawberries just perfect for eating, her small white teeth hiding a delicate tongue. She was a high spirited girl, and no wonder her father had to go to extreme measures to manage the consequences of her liveliness. Alexandra already had a long list of potential suitors, young men from established and respectable families. But they would now have to wait.

And her maid Odette was equally hearty and wickedly alive. One or two years older than Alexandra, she had been engaged by the family from an early age, and over time had earned the trust of Alexandra's mother and was well regarded by the butler, who had the ultimate say when it came to the household staff. Odette was a tall girl, with thick blonde hair she kept bundled up in a cap. Her full breasts always filled the blouses and black dresses she wore as a respectable servant, and the cabin boys admired her profile, with a bustle well supported by her tall frame. Sometimes, the boys could even see the forbidden shape of a long thigh outlined in the thick black cloth of her dress! But Odette was a dependable girl who loved her young mistress dearly. She kept a locket with a photograph of the beautiful Alexandra on a gold chain that was always about her neck, the warm metal always safe between the cleft of her hidden but voluptuous breasts.

The passage would be about eight days, and the two girls could enjoy the promenade deck and the first class tea rooms. The rooms were a special treat for Odette, since she would not normally be allowed to take tea there because she was a servant girl, even if her service was with such an influential family. But she flirted with the waiters and threw her head back with laughter, and was vibrant and alive. Alexandra was quieter, conscious that she must behave, and well aware that the ship's captain would report any unladylike activity back to her father. She had already behaved badly, and now the consequences were upon her. Still, she would make the most of the voyage, and keep herself out of mischief. 

"Odette, I'm tired of taking tea every afternoon, and if I have to be polite at the Captain's table one more time, I declare I shall go mad, quite mad. We must go to the boiler room, I suppose those stokers must have very fine muscles, lifting all that coal every day." The girl was bored, quoits had completely lost their interest for her, and the reverend's wife was just too proper. Who could do that much lace work, really!

"Mistress, you mustn't think of adventures like that, what would your father think?"

"Oh, bother my father, we mustn't tell him, must we? Oh I wish this ship would just finish with this horrible ocean, I'm so tired of waves every day. I so want to see an iceberg." When Alexandra got like this, all bored, sulky and silly, Odette knew the best thing was to jolly her out of the mood. It usually didn't take long, the maid just had to find a distraction.

"Mistress, look there, up past the mast, it's a huge white bird flying beside the ship." Sure enough, the two girls stared spellbound as the giant albatross passed overhead, its shadow flitting over their faces.

"What did that poet write about the albatross?" mused Alexandra, her mind casting back to old books in her father's library. "Wasn't the mariner cursed, and had to wear the dead bird slung about his neck?"

Odette shivered with the horrible image. "Mistress, don't, you're frightening me."

"Oh, you silly thing, it was only a poem, it wasn't real!" Alexandra delighted in stories like this, and would shiver in divine terror as she read the rich words and imagined the dark nights and terrible storms. Just then the ship rocked, and the wind rattled the rigging on the masts above their heads, and some large spots of rain splattered to the deck. On the horizon, the clouds were dark. A storm was coming.

"Come Odette, we must get back to our cabin, I really must rest before dinner tonight."

"Dear Mistress, are you well? You are so pale, sometimes." The maid was always sensitive to Alexandra's shifting moods, especially these last few months since the girl's courses had stopped.

"I'm cold, I must get warm." Alexandra shivered, but must avoid a chill at all costs. Odette hurried ahead to unlock the cabin door and to call for the steward.

Half an hour later, the girl was bundled up in her nightdress in the spacious bed in the first class cabin, and the steward had brought some tea and warm cake. Outside, the squalls of rain battered the windows, but the ship had a strange smoothness to its movement. The wide ocean was smooth, and the ship slowly rocked with a gentle sway, its wake streaming luminescent glitters astern.

"Odette, my darling, I'm still cold, come warm me up." This was an occasional and special time for the maid, those times her mistress wanted the comfort of a warm body in her bed. The girls had often slept curled tight around each other, since they were very young. As they both reached young womanhood, it had become much rarer, as if they both were becoming aware of the changes in their bodies. And since Alexandra's disgrace, there had been a new distance between them. But now, Odette knew the slender slight girl needed the warmth of her bigger longer limbs about her, Odette's warm belly against Alexandra's thinner back.

So the tall maid unbuttoned the long line of black buttons down the length of her dress, and shucked the heavy black garment to the floor. Her bloomers reached from her waist to her knees, curlicues of lace embroidering the edges of the white cotton garment, and the fine blonde down on her lower limbs catching the gas light from the cabin illuminations. She kept on her calico shift over the top half of her body, her full breasts swaying beneath the cloth. The dark blonde hair of her armpits showed long and curled each time she raised her arms to pull hairclips from her glorious mane of tumbling, golden hair, which fell long and waved to her waist. Her beautiful hair, which was her pride and joy, swirled about her torso as she turned to the bed.

And Alexandra gazed upon her maid with a new glint in her green eyes, as if she was seeing this pre-Raphaelite vision for the first time, her hair curled and golden. But Alexandra turned her back to the other girl, who climbed into the bed and spooned her young mistress as she had always done before; her longer body and limbs wrapping warm around the smaller woman, her arms making a pillow for Alexandra's sweet face, the heat of her belly and breasts quickly warming the slender back. And they lay warming together.

Odette's gentle hands slowly, tentatively, started to move and flow over the nightdress covering Alexandra's body, waiting for a sign to stop, or a sign to go on. Alexandra moaned slightly, and the maid was encouraged, a new bravery upon her. She did not know what strange mood was in her, but did know that the beautiful body wrapped in her arms was perhaps ripe for some new sensations. Odette knew what had befallen her young mistress, and her hands slowly caressed Alexandra's slightly swelling tummy, a new roundness she had not seen before. "Mistress, what is it like, can you feel anything inside?"

"No, my darling, it is too soon, but I am thickening in my belly, and my breasts ache sometimes."

"Oh mistress, may I feel your fullness, I would love that so," and the maid, heartened by Alexandra's response, crept her hands inside the folds of the nightdress, and gently cupped a swelling breast in her warm hand. And the slender girl pressed her back and bottom against the tall girl behind her, and hands and fingers came to the buttons of the gown and one by one, they were undone.

Alexandra's throat and chest became flushed and pink as a new heat came upon her, and her nipples stiffened into firm peaks, her sweet bare breasts arching and aching into the maid's hands. "Hold them tight, press them firm, that eases the ache," she begged.

Odette needed no second word. Her hands flowed over the breasts and belly and slender thighs of her delicate mistress, her long fingers playing with the other girl's nipples, and pressing into the small navel on the gently rounded belly. Her face was in the dark hair of the aroused young woman, and her lips were upon Alexandra's neck and throat, hot breath and endearments sighing into her ear. 

Odette felt a hot heat in her sex and her own breasts peaked and tightened, a rough rub from the seam of the calico shift. But the smaller woman's flesh was bare and hot, silken smooth under her hands and trembling fingers, and the room filled with their sighs. They shared wet kisses and delicate tongues pressed from red lips to taste the other's sweet mouth. Alexandra stretched her arms above her head, and the dark hair curled in the pits was like a small pubis, a small dark furry patch with a musky smell. Odette cupped her lips over the dark nest of hair and inhaled the deep scent into her open mouth, sweet odour and darkness, hot taste on her tongue.

Alexandra took the hand of her serving wench and placed it onto the mound at the base of her swelling belly, and pressed it hard to her flesh. She pulled her left leg up to her torso, thus giving the curve of her taught ass cheek to the golden haired girl, who lost no time in running her other hand down the back of the thin thigh and back up to the hot cleft hidden there. 

"Ah, girl, touch me, touch me, touch me," she almost sang with her pleasure as Odette's wicked fingers began to caress her sweetening lips, her dark hair thick in the cleft at the top of her legs, a thick dark trail up to the bud of her ass. And she arched her back up to the strong fingers, now persistent with their probes and pinches, the nub of her maid's thumb pressing to the hot hole of her ass, a slow delicious pressure on that musky place. 

And then Alexandra lay on her belly, slender legs an open Y straight on the bed; and the fuller girl sat up to remove her shift and her big breasts swung low, and the wench then lay upon her mistress's back, the hot comforting weight of her near hiding the smaller body. And an observer at the cabin window (the sunlight breaking through the now clearing storm the only watcher) would have seen the long ripe body of Odette, her golden hair like a halo about their flesh, cover over and protect the slighter black haired girl, and their limbs entwined.

And they lay still for some minutes, their hastened breath slowing to steady deep sighs, Odette's hot breasts and plump nipples pressed to the young woman's back, her strong firm thighs covering the younger woman's legs. And they lay for some minutes, before the mistress reared up her head and pulled her long black tresses free from the entangling sheets, and twisted herself under the full breasted girl, until she lay on her back, Odette long and full on top of her. Their tongues met and thrust into mouths, plump succulent lips pulled between teeth, and a slower hot rhythm set up between them, sharing the same breath, in and out, in and out. 

Alexandra's fine small hands wrapped into the golden tresses falling about her face and clutched her servant girl hard to her, equals now, and heating in their lust and always hot in their love for each other. Their hands struggled in the tight place between their writhing bodies, until Alexandra cried out in frustration, "sit up, sit up, you baddest thing, let us touch our secret places together, our sweet cunnies together."

And the two women sat upon the bed, their long black silken hair and tumbling gold hair a cape around themselves, and each spread their legs and pressed their aching sweet centres to the other. As Odette opened the other woman's legs to place their sexes together, her fingers traced a curious small birth mark at the top of Alexandra's thigh, a small blaze of brown and red marking her flesh. "Mistress, what a strange mark that is, I wonder what it is?"

"I don't know my darling, perhaps it is so the devil will know me. It has always been there and I don't think of it much. Only special people will ever see it."

"Oh, mistress, don't speak of the devil, that frightens me."

"You silly thing, come here to me, your dark cunny is the devil's work I think, you wicked thing." Alexandra laughed her maid's fears away - her body was that of a golden angel, not that of a devil, and Alexandra was enthralled with it.

And their two oh so different bodies, what a delight for each other's eyes! Odette's full, sumptuous breasts swaying on her long torso, plumping full nipples big and brown, centres long and hard like the end of a finger. Alexandra's smaller breasts with pointed smaller nipples peaking and upright, her breasts high on her chest, her belly swelling and rounded, a long black trail of fine hair threading down from her rounded navel to the thick pubic triangle, curls of dark hair hiding her darkening lips. Odette's hair was finer, a deep blonde, but lush and long. Her plump lips were spreading open, long folds of rich purple red flesh, a glistening of dew clinging to the curling hair. Her red budding clit showed like an opening pearl, rising from the folds at the base of her belly.

The women pressed their aching sexes full and wet together, their filling lips kissing just as their tongues and lips were joined in breath, their mouths bruising and teeth biting. Their hands flowed upon each other, now palming and pushing on breasts, fingers pulling on nipples; now sweeping down long thighs and pulling their hot cunts to each other's wettest, slickest places; fingers now twirling about the rising red purple buds, urging each other higher and wetter, their sighs and moans lost in their throats. The heat was upon both of them now, a climbing race to peak first, but to delay that peak to be last. Neither wanted to win the race, but each wanted to take the other in a long, swooning, fainting ecstasy such as neither had known before, that both wanted to last forever. 

And the cabin filled with the hot scent of sex in the air, and the sound of moans and sighs filled the room, and the wet slick sliding sound of their swelling cunnies surrendered them to a timelessness, a hopelessness, a small big black blonde womanliness, dark haired, blonde haired, small breasted full breasted peaked and tightened nipples, thrusted tongues and green closing eyes and blue closing eyes and heat and hotness, tiny white teeth nipping, long fingers twisting. Momentarily, each beautiful girl was alone in her peaking edge, each alone and grasping and gasping and waiting to tumble and slide over the lip of the fall, each reaching one hand high into the air. 

And their open fingers found each other's hand, and each ecstatic woman gripped and clenched and held tight the other. And their joined hands, holding furiously tight together, their two joined hands became suspended in space and time and became the fulcrum of their passion; and it was if their hands were nailed to the air and unmoveable, and their bodies flowed and rippled and hung suspended in that moment, and they collapsed into the coming of the other, waves of orgasm sweeping over them. But their clutching hands, fingers holding tight as their legs had held their sexes tight together, their clutching hands remained motionless, their bodies collapsing to the bed together, their limbs entwined.

And then slowly, as if their hands had been nailed to the air but the weight of their flesh was taking over from the airiness of their ethereal crucifixion and was pulling the pinions loose, slowly their hands dropped to the pillows above their heads. And their black and gold silken and tumbling tresses were twisted together like the wings of some faery angel about them, spreading about their newly awakened bodies. 

"Ah, my Angel, my dearest mistress, I have loved thee forever and always will."

"Oh, my sweet girl, my sweet, sweet girl, I think you will, but my darling, be careful what you promise. Forever is such a long time, could you bear it that long?" Alexandra's deep, dark, green eyes gazed fondly on the darling face of her dear maid, some distant and deep awareness glimmering just beyond reach. "My sweet girl, I think I have a long way to travel, a long way still to go, and a lot of time will pass before I am done." And her beautiful deep eyes brimmed with a glisten of tears, unshed now. 

But she would weep.