 I have searched the house high and low, and I have found letters. I have found letters from Catherine's brother arranging for his shamed daughter to travel to England with her maid, to have a child, and to return back across the ocean to continue the reputation of the Cain family. For Catherine was the sister of Alexandra's father, and she had the same name. So the exiled Catherine has raised a Cain. And I am that son and the true heir.

And there has been a betrayal, and there shall be a reckoning.

I have a ticket for the ocean crossing, and I will leave this house tomorrow. I will miss the house and its grounds. The remaining staff have been good to me, and even the damned cat has been less hostile these few months since Catherine's death. I have not seen the ravaged voiced old man since that strange night in the library, but there is something flickering on the edge of my mind that makes no sense to me. Or if there is sense, it is only insanity. I look at the circling cat and its eyes, its gaze, the way it holds my eyes and I think... but I don't know what I think. Madness lies on that long path, and I dare not go there. 

I leave this house tomorrow, so this night I will away to the village to say my farewells to the maids there, those hearty strumpets in whose arms I learned what little I know of women. They were an awakening for me, from when I first discovered my rising cock and then they discovered it, and we played and tugged upon each other, and then sank into each other, wetness and kisses, hotness and laughter. And we are older now, and we have grown up together. So I must make my farewells to these three girls who have made me, who turned me from a boy into a man.

Lucy of the long fair hair, straight to her waist. She is tall, slender, but with a boyish arse and narrow hips and long legs. But she is undeniably a woman, her breasts high, full and round. She favours blouses with little buttons down the front that stretch and strain with the bounty of her breasts, and she walks tall and proud, her bosoms a front of her. She is a playful wench, blue eyed and forever laughing, thrusting her tits at the world. "Put the girls away, Lucy my love," the other girls will say, but Lucy is willful, and she won't! The boys never mind, and the wench likes to play.

Molly of the long body, long waisted, her breasts not as bounteous as young Lucy's, but nicely shaped, and a lovely cleft of cleavage. She is green eyed, high cheeked, her strawberry blonde hair cut short, wafts of hair forever escaping her bonnet. She is not so tall as Luce, and her legs not so long. But she likes a high pair of heels on her pretty feet, so they tighten her calves and tauten her rounded bum. She has taken to wearing a green leather dress these recent days, with a new fangled zipper all the way up the front, from the very hem all the way over the centre of her sweetly rounded belly, up over a pert tit, and the zipper stops right at the top, at her shoulder. I have imagined taking that zipper in my teeth and standing up straight, and the leather would fall aside from her curves. But she pushes me away, and then takes my hand and we go for a long walk up the hill to a luncheon cafe and then back down. She teases, does Molly, she is a tease.

And then Jenny. Little curvaceous Jenny, only just five feet tall, but oh what breasts are on this young wench, both my hands can only just hold each one. She will lie on her bed, her foot raised and resting on a shelf on the wall, her little legs splayed wide and her dress falling between her lovely thighs, but all hiding herself from my eyes. And she was the first one I fucked, her red little cunt stretching along my length, and I don't know where she put me, for when we lay naked belly to belly, the top of my prick when against her rounded belly, the top of my prick was higher than the button in the middle of her. She had some magic place inside her, I think, that could swallow up all of my long cock. 

And her little hands, both hands would grab my shaft one on top of the other, and her hands and fingers were small, and still the head of my prick would be beyond her fingers, and her red lips would kiss the top of me, and her wicked little tongue would swirl around the head of me. She would pierce the end of my cock with the pointed tip of her tongue. And then look up at me, her brown eyes wide and not so innocent. "My God, you are a pest, a sweet little pest, how can I go to my books when you hold me so?" I would cry. And laughing, she would bob once more on the tip of my cock, a touch of my spend on her lips.

These three were happy to share me with themselves, and they are just as fond of each other as they are fond of me. Many a time I would lie with one girl, one arm around her shoulder and idly teasing a tit or a nipple, tweaked and erect, my other hand toying with silken hair and glistening lips at the base of a curved belly; and we would delight in watching the other pair going at each other. Sometimes they would be slow and gentle with each other, slowly moving upon the bed and lying one upon the other head to head, their kisses on each other's mouths, their hands on each other's fair breasts, plump and full, lean and hard. 

And other times the fury would be upon them, and their lips and tongues would plunge into the sexes between their legs, and their fingers in their bum holes and cunnies, high squeals of pleasure ringing through the room. And usually their heat would rouse me and my girl again, and she would bob her mouth on my prick, or sit upon me, or I would slide on top of her and into her sweet cunt. And our cries would join the voices of the other two, and the room would heat with our scent and excitement. We were young, that we were, and discovering ourselves and each other, those three girls and I. But I thought that some ageing and loss of innocence was now in my life, and this night was to be a farewell of sorts.

So I entered into the tavern and found long haired Lucy there, serving behind the counter. I placed my coin on the counter, "mead for me, Luce, hot mead, and bring up a jug of it for later."

"Aye, Alex, that I will. Do I sense a party before a parting?" Her blue eyes lit bright.

"You do that, lovely girl, you sense right. I am aboard the ship on the morrow, but want to taste your sweet lips before I go. I know not when I shall be back, if ever."

"Oh Alex, is it that sad?" Her blue eyes shone bright, a gentle smile on her heart shaped lips.

"It is, girl, indeed it is. I go to seek my mother, that I do."

And there in the doorway now, is the tiny thing Jenny, my first girl but not my last. She comes up to me and takes my hand in her little fingers. "I'll leave some of him for you, Luce, so come on up when the tavern closes." And she led me to the stairs and the room at the back of the inn, her curvaceous plump arse swinging in her pleated skirt as she walked ahead of me, her plentiful breasts swinging loose in her cotton blouse, and the sweet dimple on her cheek as she smiled up at me. This little buxom girl had been my first, and I had learned the joys of a plump, dark nipple in my mouth from her, and my first plunge into a willing open cunt had been with her. So she was a special thing.

And already her hand was reaching behind her as she walked ahead of me, and her fingers found the rising throb of me in my trousers, and she gave a welcoming grip to me there. In the room at the end of the corridor the moonlight spread its blue light upon the bed, shining through the high, wide windows, the bed all piled with pillows and covers. A small coal fire lay burning, hot in the grate, so the room was warm, perfect for our undressing and nakedness. She turned to me and wrapped her arms around my back and stretched her head up for a kiss. Her lips were small and delicate, her pointed little tongue darted between my lips and tangled with my tongue. Her plump breasts were full against me, and her arms reached behind my back and up to the hair on my head, and she stroked her fingers through my locks. "Alex, let's not be sad tonight, let's laugh and be joyous together, we don't need to think about the morning, not yet."

"You're right, my Jen, let's just be content in each other this night." And with that I undid the thread of small buttons on her blouse and took each of her splendid weighty breasts into my hands, and felt the lovely weight of them, and teased between my fingers and thumbs her filling nipples, wide and brown and tightening now to long peaks.

"Ah, God, my nips are tight, your tongue on them now." My Jenny, when her tightness was in her big breasts, became the ordering ma'am, and I could only obey; even if I could pick her weight up off the floor and place her on the bed and she could not prevent me. But on the bed there she was, and her big breasts high on her chest and her tiny waist below, ah goodness, she was all curves and dimples, and my mouth was upon one rising nipple, and her small fingers tugging at her other breast and her own nip. Her other hand caressed my hair and then steered my head so that I would feed upon her other nipple, sucking the full end of her breast as deep into my mouth as I could, because I must treat both her orbs equally, or she would pout as one nipple lost its peak if I favoured the other one too much.

Now my one hand was upon her mouth wetted breast, and her little hand upon the other, and I lowered my tongue and kisses to her plump little belly, pale and round, her little navel surrounded by a tiny roll of soft flesh. She giggled as I tickled her there with my tongue, gentle blowing breaths upon her there, cooling her rising heat. And from the lower edge of her navel, there threaded a tiny trail of darkness, a line of dark, downy hair leading down to her dark tangled triangle, still hidden below her skirt. I traced my tongue along that trace of hair, a little trail of wetness shivering goosebumps onto her skin. Jenny shivered in ticklish delight.

My fingers toyed and teased with the waist of her skirt, playing down inside it, and her stomach tightened with the tease. Slowly I undid each of the buttons and loops hidden in the pleats of cloth, and then I pealed the skirt down her plump curved thighs and she raised up her bum to let me pull it down further. And under her skirt she wore a salmon pink pair of French knickers, flared like little wings on her thighs, with a damp pink panel between her legs. But I didn't want to feast my eyes on this froth of cloth, no, I wanted to feast my eyes on the tangle of hair and on her plump red lips, and I wanted to feast my mouth there too.

So I pulled away those continental knickers, and there she lay, all her sweet curves and crevices and roundness of her flesh; there she lay, wanton before me. And I plunged my hungry mouth to her wettening sex and with one long lick wetted her brown haired quim from bum hole to her rising pearl. "Ah, God, Alex, lick me up hard there, suck my heat into your mouth, fuck me up with your tongue, you wonderful man, fuck me up my snatch with your tongue." And she jerked up her loins onto my mouth, and her hands grabbed my head and held me there, as I slit her wet lips with my tongue and swirled it about the sweet, tight folds of her sex. Ah God, she then wrapped her legs around my head and clamped me there, but I was not concerned about this trap, for I could sup on a fair hot cunt for hours, or so it seemed, and my duty here was to little Jen's rising pleasure. 

For her hands were clenching upon my hair now, as with both her hands she was holding me to the centre of her, holding me there. Her hips and groin were bucking against my mouth and my determined tongue, as now I lapped her full and wide and hot with my tongue, sucking her slick folds into my mouth. Her hot sex taste filled my mouth and her scent my nose, and she was so moist now with her rising ecstasy. My hands and fingers grappled up to her tight, ripe breasts, and with both of my palms I pressed those full weights to her chest and felt the hot peak of nipples in my hands. And one of her small hands clasped mine now, pressing it even harder to the heat of her splendid tit and hard, twisting my palm against her hard nipple. 

In her throat I could hear a soft panting as I licked her hotness, her hot sex, "ah, ah, ah God, fuck me with your mouth, your hot mouth, ah yes, fuck, God, ah, tits, tight on my tits, your heat hands hot, damn you Alex, fuck my cunt with your tongue, squeeze my titties, you lord of the manor, make me come, ah God here I am...." And with one long long keen and a deep grunt, my little Jen exploded into her peak, her body rippling and throbbing with her pleasure, her hands still clenching my hand hard on her soft breast, her other hand on my head still, and her cunt thrust high and still into my mouth, every tingling nerve ending pulsating at the fulcrum that was her high pearl, her tight bud of pleasure. 

And then everything about her collapsed, and she lay spent upon the bed, and she released her holds on me. And I looked up at her heaving small body, my mouth glistening with her juices, and her chest and breasts were a blaze of flushed red, and up to her throat as well. And her head was thrown back on the pillows, and one small hand lay twitching at the base of her throat, as if she felt a feverish pulse there. And my sweet Jenny lay there all pleasured and spent, all swooned in her pleasure.

And my cock was hard in my trousers, and all throbbing there. Jenny lay swooned on the bed, her luscious body curled in its lovely curves yet her hands reached out to me and pulled my body to hers, quickly undoing my trousers so that I could shake them away from my legs. Her slender fingers reached for my shaft which rode hard against my belly and she swirled the palm of her hand over the purple head and I jerked with the pleasure of that quick rub.

"Jenny, you minx, leave him be, let me have his hardness now!" And it is the splendid Molly who has come into the room and is standing at the end of the bed, her legs spread in a wide stance, her hands upon her hips like some stern school ma'am. But her flashing green eyes are alive with a wide smile, and she is laughing along with little Jen, for these two girls are always teasing each other, and teasing me. There she is, wearing that favourite green leather dress, its zipper a silver diagonal from hem to shoulder, curving over the roundness of her belly and the tightness of her tits.

I lie with my head in Jenny's lap, her splendid breasts just above my face and I can look up into her deep brown eyes. She slowly caresses my hair, her hands gentle and slow. Molly, meanwhile, stands all delightful at the end of the bed, and takes the tag of her long silver zip between her finger and thumb, and slowly, ever so slowly, starts to slide it down her long body. The sweet enticing bitch, she slides it down so slowly, knowing that it teases and entrances me. Her eyes are all focused on the length of my prick as the zipper reveals an inch of her shoulder and then another inch, and then there are three inches of her skin all showing. Her green eyes flash, and her red tongue licks her strawberry lips, and now the zipper is being undone along the curved crevice of her cleavage, and the beautiful curves of her thrusting breasts are slowly revealed. Ah God, the revelation is so slow, and my eyes feast on what I can see. And there is one splendid breast, its erect nipple sitting proud at its tip, a long nub of flesh. And she flicks upon her nipple with her fingers, and it peaks. "Oh, look at that, my little nipple for all of us to see. How wicked of me!"

Still the zipper slides down. Molly is such a tease, and my cock bounces at the sight of her. She is still standing motionless, her legs still spread in her proudness. And now the metal is moving across the curve of her belly and down, further down it goes. Now I can see the dark top of her dark hair at the base of her belly. Molly's one hand is now caressing her lush breast, this one and then that one, but again the bitch teases, because when she clenches one breast I cannot see the other. And her other hand is still moving with fingers delicate upon the zipper, which now is finally at the bottom of the dress and, there, it is undone! "Alex, do you want to see my beautiful body, breasts all bare and my belly all soft and round, and my soft hair hiding my cunny?"

"Yes, you teasing tramp, delight my eyes and make my prick rise." I was happy to play her game, because she is always teasing and slow moving and wicked in her ways but oh goodness, that long leanness! She is wonderful. Molly's two hands pull the leather halves of her dress together and her naked body is hidden from my eyes, and Jenny cannot see her flesh either. "Come closer, Molly," says our Jenny, "come closer so we can see your sweet hot cunt lips and your rising pearl, come closer, you bad girl." Jenny joins in the game, because she too wants to see the wonderful Mol's curves and tits and belly. She too wants to taste that long tight nipple and to suck upon it.

So the long bodied Molly slithers onto the bed, her green leather dress still held all tight and hiding to her body. She holds herself above my groin, her thighs gripping my hips, and lowers herself so that her dripping cunt lips are along the shaft of my prick, and she sways back and forth along it. Jenny slides herself out from under my head, and now kneels above me, her plump thighs on each side of my head. So there the two girls are, Molly upon me and sliding along my cock, Jenny facing her and now rising her little body up and shuffling forward over my face. "Show us Mol, show us your tits," cries Jenny, "show us those dainty boobs!"

And Molly, slow for the last time now, slowly moves her hands apart, each set of curling fingers clutching one side of her split dress, and she spreads her arms wide. The green leather dress becomes like wings, her long lean body down the centre like a butterfly's body. Her two splendid breasts are pert and proud, standing high on her body, nipples thrusting and pointing. Her ribbed body is pale and long and there is her dark cunt hair a thick triangle at the bottom of her belly. Ah dear God she is all a beauty sitting high above me, and there she is, Molly rises on her haunches and takes my prick into her hand. 

With a look of intense concentration in her jade eyes, she rubs the head of me over her red spreading lips and on her little pearl, and she then slips her fingers into her wetness and then upon my prick with her wetness, all slick and smooth. And she holds my cock high to her centre and descends upon it, inch by slow inch until my eight inch hardness is all gone inside her hot belly, and she has fucked down upon me, soft and tight and hot and wet. Molly is slow moving upon me, and she arches her neck back and sighs, ah she sighs, fuck she sighs, dear sweet sighs, and she starts a slow movement on me. Fuck, she is hot and clenched around me and she slowly fucks me.

As she takes her leisure and her pleasure on me, I see Jenny move above my head and she positions her taut sweet thighs about my head and raises her curved little body up, her big breasts swaying low, her belly tightly rounded. The crease of her arse is now above my face and all I can see now is the brown tangled hair between her legs and swirling up to her pink hole, just a thread of curled hair. Her rose bud is round and pink, little creases surrounding it like a tight star. It is clenched with the tension of her thighs as she holds her weight above me, and then she lowers herself to my face. "Molly, I have given Alex my little rose bud for him to suckle on, and you must give me your sweet lips to kiss."

And I felt the weight of the two girls, one on my face and one on my prick, lean together as their lips and tongues met; and as Jen's thighs sank about my ears and hid my hearing, I heard a muffled sigh from the girls. They were both upon me and slow moving, my cock deep and long in Molly's wet cunt and my tongue long and deep in Jenny's tight tunnel. Her hole was tight and clenched upon my tongue as I probed into her, her taste musky and with a slight tang. I alternated my tongue first probing her anus and then my mouth sucking upon it. Her little cunt slicked its moistness upon my chin and she was sliding her little hole and her long wet lips on my face, my tongue busy in her hot places. She could hold her body at just the right place to my mouth to pleasure her dripping places.
