 A weary drifter wearily stumbled up to the Victorian style manor house, it was well past midnight; and the sky clouded over the visual moon and twinkling of each diamond. Giving the house an ominous look to it, the shadows playing on the trees as a breeze taunts the weary drifter. His hand grips at the lonely rail as a floor board under his heavy feet; creaks, letting out a sighing moan. The drifter's feet moving in a slow, labored shuffle, mustering up his strength to pound on the heavy black lacquered oak door. His mind wandering over how he had gotten lost and how he ended up stumbling upon this dark manor's steps.

The master of the manor glanced over his Lady's shoulder. Clearing his throat, as his violet eyes cast up the newest of this unique house; catching her attention as she moves her shapely legs under her to a kneel, resting her slender fingers along the milkiness of her thighs. His Romaine accent rolled softly to the slenderness of her ears, "Sin Syn will you tend to our guest."

Sin's eyes widened and nodded, pushing her shiny obsidian tresses back from her face, as she stood up to her full height in the six inch heeled black vinyl boots. Straightening the red stockings over her arms, legs, and ample 'D' cups.' Giggling as she winked over to the master. "As you wish Master Lucian." Giggling more as she stepped over the two of the manor's slaves, Kyza and Tristan; who were wriggling on the floor in their play.

Sin Syn saunters till stopping at the door, her fingers gripped the brass knob, and she looked to the parlor mirror remembering the brief rules upon greeting some one new to this house. 'Be presentable and be seduction it self.' Another giggle erupted from her pouting lips as she opened the heavy door, the drifter falls to her feet. "Dam!? Haven't even looked at me and already falling to my feet!" She stated. Her eyes drifted down at him, batting her long lashes. The man forced his head up. His ice blue eyes stared on, as they wandered over her sentious, slender, pale form; then passed out.

Sin frowned seeing his exhaustion form spill again at her feet. Before her eyes saw the drool on her heeled boots. "You goober on my boot." She growled out, resisting the urge to kick him hard. Letting out an exasperated sigh, grabbing his outstretched arms, pulling him further inside the manor's entry, before closing the outside world out.

Sida's emerald eyes casted over; watching Sin bent over, dragging in the ragged man. She chuckled softly as her slide off of Lucian's lap. Moving to the chaise, musing over her new pupil's first test with the drifter. 

Lucian rose from the luxuries of his chair, slowly moving to Sin and guest. His violet eyes raped Sin's curves, and watched how her Bettie Page hair style bounced in front of her high cheek bones. Moving in behind Sin as she bumped into him; still aroused from Sida's whispers; he grinded his bulged in to her bare ass. Running his cool hands over her hips, tracing down to the indentations.

She gasped feeling Lucian's hardness pressing into her, then shivered at his hands moving down along her hips. Biting her lip as she glanced over her shoulder to him, "Sorry." She said weakly.

Lucian's hands pulled at her hips, grinding harder in to her. His heavy accented voice lulled at her ears. "Stand up Sin." As she did, his left hand slide down to her clit, playing with it in small, slow circles; the right moving to tweak her aroused, hardened, pink nipple. Hearing her labored breathe sucked in to her chest. Lucian grinned, placing his whitened lips against her neck; breathing in her delicious scent. 

"Did I do something wrong Master?" She stammered out. What he was doing to her, the small, slow circles on her clit; the tweaking of her nip, caused pleasure to wash over her. Her arms moved back to wrap around his neck releasing the drifter's arms. Side glancing to Sida who gave an approving nod. 

Lucian looked down her form as she presented herself to him. "No Sin, come sit." He pulled Sin along with him, keeping her form pushed in to his aroused manhood. 

Sin moved with him, her hips grinded into his with each step. Her eyes watching Ashai and Tristan move with Sida to tend and clean the guest. Then glanced out of the corner of her brown eyes to Lucian who was turning her around and pulled her on his lap, forcing her to straddle him. Sin's high cheeks flushed painting themselves a softened hue of pink. She had never been this close to the Master of the manor in the time she arrived let alone, the heat he would surely feel emanate from between her legs all caused at his hands. 

Lucian watched his dark beauty's pupil bow her head, chuckling softly at her racing pulse, and stained cheeks. He moved his hand over one of hers, sliding it from her where it laid on her tempting thigh down to between her legs, to his swollen member; showing her how to stroke him and as she caught on, his hand moved to her clit. The other sliding up in the valley of her 'D' cups, to her chin. Raising her face to met his, drawing her in with his violet eyes. "Let me look at my Sin." Sin nodded slowly, biting on her lower lip. Her hand still stroking the quivering member; finding her self more aroused, that sensation washing over her. "Yes Master." She smiled as she spoke just over a whisper

A single digit slide in to her slicked cover, Lucian's hardened lips in a grin seeing how her body reacted to his touch. Leaning closer to her, kissing her lips passionately. Rolling his sharp fangs over her lower lip. Wriggling his tongue between the creases of her pouting lips, coaxing her tongue to play with his. A moan erupted as her intoxicating taste arousing him more. 

Sin's hand wriggled his hard, aroused eight inch member out of his confinements of his slacks. Rolling it in her hand before slowly grasping it tighter. Her tongue flicking his as they darted back and forth between the warm caves. Her hips jaunted as another digit slide insider her. Sin moved her hips eagerly into his touch, driven by instinct. 

Lucian broke from the kiss, nuzzling against her slender pale neck, taking in her spiced scent. He placed soft, cool kisses along her neck. Watching the soft, flesh rise in small bumps. Seeing her shiver, hearing her melody of purrs before drawing his fangs in to her. At first, was only pressure, but slowly became a bite, drawing from her the delicious blood that pulsated in Sin. Listening to gasps, his fingers pulled from the warm, velvety slickness and thrusted them once more before withdrawing completely.

Sin's back arched as she looked upon him. Lucian offered her wet digits to her mouth. Waiting till she drew them in; till he felt her sucking, and tongue rolling over them, taking all of her sweet tasting juices off; his voice cleared, and as he spoke to her in the low, seductive, hypnotic tone. "Sin Syn how long have you been in my home?"

Withdrawing her mouth from the cleaning of her juices off his two fingers; canted her head softly as her mind calculated up the days since she first met Kyza at the bar. "A month." She stated weakly as he pulled her hand from his manhood. Her booted feet sliding against the fabric of the chair out of her nervous habit. 

His violet eyes darted around to those still awake members of the manor before raping Sin's curvy form again. "Tonight you shall please the Master." He grinned darkly to her. Watching her blood pool where he'd bitten her. His strong hands moved to her firm ass cheeks, lifting her up just enough to thrust his hardened member in to her warm, slicked depths. Then one hand slide up to pull her closer, biting, drinking, her again. 

Sin's body buckled and arched, her muscles tightened around his shaft. Slowly she began to ride him, her hands moved to the arms of the chair, steadying her self. She purred hearing the suckled noises that he made. 

Lucian smirked still drinking her sweet blood; the hand resting still on her ass cheek, guided her as he set the rhythm. Every one watched little Sin screw the Master. Hearing the small, low whimpers and purrs between pants. He watched her knowing from his feeding Sin would cum faster. He could sense it as her blood frenzied. Releasing her from his bite, began to lick, and nip at her bouncing tits, a hand playing with her clit. 

All those sensations, washed over her. The twenty four year old woman began to moan louder, her hips rocked each time she slid down his shaft. Thought disappeared all except one, 'None of my previous lovers made me feel this dam good!' Sin's coltish legs began to tremble, her slender toes inside the black heeled boots tried to curl.

Sida re entered the parlor, after locking the guest away in his chambers; she smirked while sauntering to Sin and Lucian. The scent of Sin wafted all around the room, it was intoxicating and grew stronger with each sultry step.

Lucian still helped Sin reach her climax, he was vampire his climaxes were different than that of a human. The way her heart was fluttering as he drank her made him light headed and drunk. Casting his violet eyes to Sida, reaching into her mind. 'Drink of Sin.' He licked his lips riding the last of the remants of her blood off. 

Sida nodded as she stopped in behind Sin, moving her slender Greek arms around as her hands groped Sin's luscious bosom hard. Dug her teeth, tarring at the precious flesh, causing to Sin to cum at that moment; her juices coating the master's prick. Sida moaned as Sin arched her back in to Sida's chest; drinking hungrily until the orgasm stopped. 

Sin hunched over onto Lucian's chest too weak to pull herself off. Sida smirked and brushed Sin's locks with her fingers. Then snapped her delicate fingers together, summoning to bring her the gift she would bestow on Sin when she was awake. Lucian lifted the limp Sin off his tool and laid her on the chaise. Displaying Sin out for all to see. 

"You broke our Sin." Sida chuckled and nodded to Kyza, one of the death dolls; who was tending to the unconscious and please Sin.