 Darcy Claymore thought she had seen everything in her job as an ER nurse. Gunshot wounds to the head, light bulbs shattered in a patient's rectum, drug seekers looking for their next hit of narcotics, stabbing victims, burn victims, diseases, and another laundry list of things she knew that normal people wouldn't want nor need to see. Heck she was only 24 and was relatively sure she had seen it all. For a relatively small town, the 20,000 residents of Springville had a shocking knack for bodily injury. It wasn't pretty, but it was her job, and she was damn good at it. The physicians that worked the night shift at Grant Memorial Medical Center knew they could count on her quick thinking and accurate assessments. 

0500, The ambulance crew called with an incoming trauma, female, stab wounds, critical blood loss. "Oh great, there goes the relatively slow night," Darcy mumbled. "Don't say the S-word, you know it will just get worse if you say that," Kurt teased across the nurses desk. Nursing superstition is pretty basic; say the words quiet, slow, easy, or anything like that when referring to your shift and you will end up with a flood of new traumas and admissions. "Yippi they're here," Kurt cheered as he downed his seventh cup of coffee, his sarcasm was palpable. 

The next hours flew by in a rush of IVs, units of blood, assessments, and pressure dressings, not to mention tripping over the police officer there to take a statement. The physician ended up doing a couple sutures to close the two small stab wounds to the victim's neck. She was a 24 year old woman, she had been walking home from her job at one of the bars downtown. She was so delirious when she came in that they had to get most of the story from the bar owner who had found her crawling out of the alley, apparently she lost a lot of blood after he had found her. She screamed, "He bit me, that monster bit me!" then promptly fainted. It made no sense but Darcy pushed it out of her mind as she got ready to send the stabilized patient off to the acute care unit for admission, she had to finish the pile of paperwork before her. She needed to get this all taken care of before she could even think of going home to her nice comfy bed. Damn it's already 7:20am, she thought. At least this was the end of her long stretch of shifts, 8 nights in a row can be a bit much but at least she could look forward to 4 days to herself. She signed off the last form as the day nurses finally took over, thank God, because another stabbing victim was rolling in the door with a pressure dressing pressed to her neck. 

Hmm a serial stabber, oh great. 

She winced and shielded her eyes from the blinding sun as she walked to her car, this night shift thing was getting to her, she yearned for her windowless bedroom as she unlocked her beat-up red Alero. She tossed her bag into the car then reached back to pull the clip from her dark blonde hair, shaking out the wavy mass. Maybe a shower would be nice. 

"Hey Darcy!!" Kurt yelled as he ran up to her car. "Want to go down to the Full Moon for night shift happy hour?" 

"Shoot, Kurt, I'm so tired right now but maybe I'll take you up on that offer. Maybe just one drink. I'll meet you there." 

The engine whirred to life and she sped out of the parking lot, heading for the bar down the street from the hospital. It made good money off the hospital staff, many of the shifts required a stiff drink afterward and the bar was almost always open. Kurt met her inside, beer in hand. 

"Thanks, I really needed this, can you believe those day girls? Seriously how long did they need to sit in the break room chugging coffee? And those stabbing victims, what's with that, I've never seen anything like that, its like someone stabbed them with ice picks but neither of the two holes were very deep, it's just so weird." She chugged half of her beer. 

"Woah, slow down, first off, the day girls do that all the time, you know that and secondly I don't know, those wounds were really odd. Maybe we're dealing with a vampire, boogiddy boogiddy boo!" He wiggled his fingers in her face, finally pointing two fingers into her neck....

"Haha, very funny, maybe it was a vampire wannabe, but seriously what kind of sick demented loser would do that? Stop poking me!" Darcy laughed as she pinched Kurt's side. She turned back to the bar, chugging the last of her beer. 

"Sure you don't want another?" Kurt offered.

"Oh Kurt," she said in her best lusty voice, "Are you trying to get me drunk?" Her serious face twitched and she burst into laughter. "I think I'd rather just go home, I'm really tired."

"Sure you don't want some company?" He said earnestly, "Come on it's been weeks since we hooked up, or are you getting your thrills elsewhere?"

"Whatever, you know I don't have anybody right now, anyway I thought you were madly in love with Bella?"

He looked up to see if the bartender was watching, but he must have been in the backroom. "That never stopped us before, come on baby, she's at work right now, won't even notice I'm not home yet. I'm sure you're feeling that itch, I can scratch it for you if you like." He moved his hand to her cheek; out of habit she turned her face into his caress. His fingers teased her ear, trailing down her neck, lower still until he playfully pinched her right nipple. 

"Fine but lets go to my place, I hate her perfume, it makes me want to gag whenever we fuck in your bed."

"Ooo I love when you talk dirty, let's go I'm getting hard already."

As Kurt followed Darcy to her apartment, she thought back on their affair, she had previously thought he would leave Bella but it became obvious that he was just a rotten guy. Heck she didn't even really like him anymore, but damn he knew how to fuck. They had worked a lot of night shifts together, the only two nurses in the ER most nights. On the slow nights, while the physicians slept in the on-call room, they used to have some fun in the empty urgent care rooms. As long as they kept an ear on the radio for trauma's and the entrance alarms were on, they decided to pass the time in a more interesting way. But that had ended a couple of weeks ago when Darcy found out that Kurt had proposed to his girlfriend Bella. She had thought it was wrong to mess around with an engaged guy, after all that was definitely more of a commitment than just dating. She even met Bella a couple times; she was an administrative assistant, a complete ditz and even more of a bitch. Maybe those two deserved each other. Oh well, Darcy thought, I'm horny and Kurt's the easiest option. 

-----------------------------

He pushed her up against the door of her apartment as she shut it, pinning her arms above her head.

"Do you want me?" he hissed through his teeth as he ground his hips into hers, she could feel his arousal through their scrubs.

"You obviously want me," she smirked, he tightened his grip on her wrists, she liked it rough. 

"Say it, say you want me" he moved one hand to her mound and pressed his fingers into her through her green scrubs. Her response was to slowly shake her head side to side. 

"I'm going to make you beg for my cock," he threatened as he hastily yanked her top over her head and undid the tie at her waist, her pants dropped to the floor. She giggled as he fumbled with her bra strap. She pushed him away and he tripped over the arm of her futon, landing on the soft cushion. "Hey! What are you doing?" 

"Making this go faster" She flipped off her shoes, socks, bra and undies with absolutely no fanfare. She wasn't one of those skinny waifs, she loved her tempting curves, she knew they turned Kurt on. She slowly walked over to the couch kneeling in front of his sitting figure. His shirt was quickly disposed of and his pants were untied before he even really stopped looking at her breasts. She yanked his boxers down his thighs and grasped his already swollen cock in her hand. It wasn't large but at least he had some idea how to use it. 

"So you were going to make me beg?" she challenged, slowly running her hand up and down, licking her lips. 

"Damn, you always ruin my fuuu..." his words were cut off with his growl as she took his whole length into her mouth, sucking as she brought her lips back to the tip of his cock. She grasped his balls in one hand while her other hand slid up and down. She matched the motion with her mouth sucking hard then running her tongue around the head, the taste of his pre-cum turning her on. "Oh my Goooood" He was near release so she slowed and then stopped altogether. Better not get him off before the grand finale.

"My turn" she said as she climbed up to straddle him. He ran his hand up her inner thigh, his fingers found her wet with lust. He groaned as he slipped a finger into her pussy, then two, using his thumb against her clit. 

She rocked against his hand, "Now I like that."

He rubbed her clit in quick circles, stroking his fingers in and out, he knew how to get her off quickly. He took one tit in his mouth biting and sucking at her viciously, she cried out from the painful pleasure, she liked it when he bit. He put three fingers in her tight hole, neglecting her clit for a moment, running his nails over the walls of her pussy as he pounded in and out. He other hand found her clit, rubbing relentlessly. Her moans grew louder, and she cried out in desperation as he finally brought her to her release. He pulled his fingers out of her and licked his fingers, tasting the products of her orgasm. 

"Mmm, yummy, I think my cock would like a taste." He moved her off his lap, came around behind her, lifting her hips to bring her to her feet. Her hands were still on the back of the futon, her bent form provided the perfect entry from behind. He rammed his cock to the hilt, savoring her slick pussy. 

She was quickly caught up in the pounding rhythm. She tilted her hips and brought her hips back to meet each thrust. Her breathing quickened with his pace but she was nowhere near another orgasm yet, maybe if he reached around but no he had other thoughts, he proceeded to slap her ass.

"You like that, you filthy bitch?"

Darcy rolled her eyes, this thing with Kurt was getting old, she should just put duct tape over his mouth. She looked out the window in front of her. The sun that had been shining as she left work was now obscured by ominous rain clouds. Her gaze fell on the building in front of her, her attention drawn to a face in the window straight across from her, the features were partially hidden in the shadows but she was drawn in by his eyes, he was watching her, it almost looked like he was smiling. 

It aroused her almost to the breaking point to know that this man had been watching her the whole time. Kurt chose this moment to finally reach around and pinch her clit, she immediately came with such force that she screamed loud enough that the man across the street probably heard her through the open sides of the bay window, that knowledge sent another wave crashing over her. Kurt rammed home twice more and joined her in an explosive release, collapsing against her back. She never broke eye contact with the man in the window, his eyes burned into her, she felt it to her core. Slowly, almost imperceptibly, he nodded his farewell, and then he was gone, only a black curtain filled the window. 

Kurt slid off her and onto the futon, "Damn Darcy, that's the hardest you've ever come."

She said nothing as she collapse next to him. They sat in what seemed like a trance for several minutes before lightning pierced the sky, and thunder shook the building. The clouds let loose a torrential downpour, beating against the window. Several drops made their way through the screens and hit Darcy's forehead, she shook herself out of her daze. "I think you should get going, I want to get some sleep."

"Throwing me out just like that?" 

She turned to close the sides of the bay window, "You were never one to cuddle after the fact." 

"True enough." He stood pulling up his pants as she got off the futon. She walked into the bathroom and shut the door. He'd be gone by the time she finished with her shower. That's what she preferred when it came to Kurt, a quick in and out. He wasn't any good for an encore for at least an hour and she didn't want him lounging around here for that long.

She toweled herself off as she slowly walked to her bedroom, her body sore from Kurt's attentions. It was definitely time for some sleep. She threw her towel in the hamper and crawled into bed, the darkness of her room pierced only by the green face on her alarm clock. She turned the clock away from her and closed her eyes on the day, her last thoughts were of the man in the window. 

Who was he?