 "Don't you dare slam the -- Damn it, Jaycie!" Tim said. 

Jaycie sullenly swung her lanky frame into Tim's sleek Mercedes, her arms crossed in adolescent defense mode. Her pretty face was now distorted by passive aggression, her dark brows knit together as if to meet her delicately pouting lower lip. Tim was often reminded of her mother when she looked like that.

"Are you really so spoiled that we have to go over this again?" Tim asked. His voice sounded like steel wrapped in tired leather.

"Yes." Jaycie said.

Tim sighed slowly in an attempt to curb his frustration, releasing his breath as he stared down the odometer on the dash, which made him feel tired. He was a good father. Right? He gave his only daughter everything she needed and almost everything she wanted, especially after Laura died. Perhaps he shouldn't have been so surprised his daughter was still a vicious brat at the age of eighteen, but Tim was. Where had his sweet girl gone? She had been replaced by a lazy, over-privileged society bitch with more money than sense and -- well, after last summer's scandal when she got caught being fondled by a bus-boy at a debutante ball, was likely a raging slut. Tim tried not to think about that too closely.

"Fine then. If you want to be in that mood, okay. You do that. But God Bless It Jaycie! I take you out of school early to get your hair and your nails done; after that you get to go shopping again to buy what I suppose counts for a dress you can wear to the Hooker of the Year awards; We go to the nicest restaurant in the city for dinner; I hand you the keys to a new car, awaiting your response to my generous desire to provide you with the happiest of birthdays, and your only response is to cry about not getting a convertible?"

Jaycie sat stone-faced, letting her thick black hair fall over her disinterested blue gaze. Tim no longer cared that his voice grew louder with ever syllable until it filled the sports car with a boom that trembled the leather seats. 

"You got me an M3 Coupe! A coupe dad, really? In California? I need to be the girl with the convertible!"

So many ugly thoughts crowded Tim's mind, things he tried valiantly not to say every day now. He wanted to shake her out of being such a greedy little bitch. He wanted to throw her in her room and not let her out until this ugly teenage mood of hers lifted and she became a real person. Preferably a real person who knew the extent of everyone's generosity. But Tim said nothing, did nothing. They sat in tense silence for a few moments, long enough for Jaycie to make a self-sacrificing noise and slump into her seat. Eventually Tim put the car in gear and drove off, the valets staring in a last curious effort to find out what the drama was about. 

Tim and Jaycie lived in a sprawling palace of a house out in the country surrounded by grape fields. Since Laura's death Tim had seriously taken to building up his own winery as a distraction from the pain of her loss. It was a flourishing business now that added a satisfying sweetness to the already swollen bank account he had inherited from his father. Jaycie was the heiress to a pharmaceutical fortune. Tim had retired early for a winery in San Luis Obispo and left the business in the control of his older brother Mark, who was a shark of a CEO and used it to embody his wealthy bachelor lifestyle. They were very lucky, and Tim wished that Jaycie would be mature enough to realize it.

Tim had been driving down the dark, winding coastal highway for more than a half hour in silence. They were almost at their secluded villa when a bright light came over the car from the sky above, light splitting through the windows and the moon roof until they were blinded. 

"Daddy! Daddy, what happening?!" Jaycie screamed, while Tim barely managed to keep from bellowing in terror.

"Jaycie! Stay calm, baby, don't panic --"

His voice was cut off by a violent shudder and Jaycie's hysterical screaming. The car was moving away from the ground, and doing so at an alarming pace. The light was growing increasingly bright, far too bright, he couldn't see Jaycie anymore, couldn't find her hand with his own even when he reached for her. He fumbled with his seat belt but was so panicky he struggled to release himself. Finally it gave and then....

The next thing Tim knew, He was blinking in the light that was still too strong, completely paralyzed. He was not in the car anymore, but instead appeared to be standing upright, bound by something. Or rather encased by it. Tim blearily comprehended that he seemed to be wrapped in a waxy cocoon. Threads of it bound him with the strength of heavy woven rope, covered in a slick viscous substance that smelled oddly pleasant, like an exotic flower. 

Jaycie was in a similar cocoon against the bright wall, completely covered below her jaw in what looked like thick wormy appendages wriggling translucent and white. She appeared to be sleeping

"Jaycie!" Tim desperately cried, but his voice cracked and faultered. He found himself completely unable to utter more than a strangled whisper, and she slept on.

Tim could not collapse in terror or grief, however, because suddenly he felt something warm drool wetly down the top of his head, over his face. He looked up just in time to meet a fat, undulating worm the width of a coke can as it placed its fleshy nub on his face. The thing squished against Tim's nose like a warm tongue, dribbling a clear, syrupy fluid onto his face. A long drizzle of it landed in his mouth just as he opened it to scream, causing him to choke and swallow most of it. For a moment he felt he might vomit, but didn't, and shuddered as the substance slid down to his stomach with a strange, mellow heat. It was actually kind of...pleasant, even. Completely against his better judgment, Tim allowed another swallow into his mouth and paused as pleasure began to ooze from his stomach straight to his cock. He spent a moment in horror realizing he was actually getting horny! His cock twitched with a slow erection and was immediately met with what felt like little wriggling fingers, softer than any girl's, caressing his man flesh. He swallowed more of the fluid, and began to suckle it with a steadily increasing madness. It was the real nectar of the gods, a purely unique flavor that ignited his passions and left him desperate for more! The fluid also caused him to hallucinate. He was lost in a memory of himself and Laura. Laura was riding Tim's cock as the world's horniest cowgirl, moaning to have him suck on her generous nipples. Laura had been seven months pregnant with Jaycie then, and was already lactating. Her already generous breasts were filled to bursting with milk and Tim had simply loved relieving them for her. 

In such a state he failed to notice or care that his wormy cocoon had been sliding with delicious sensations over his suddenly hyper-sensitive skin. He was so unbelievably hard, closing his eyes to bring back the image of his cock buried so deeply in Laura's tight pussy. In this state it wasn't long before his body betrayed him with a deep, thrusting release into the cocoon. But as he suckled more fluid he realized he was not satisfied, even more desperately turned on than before. He was so lost in his ecstasy that he didn't immediately notice the fleshy push of a worm on his anus, probing gently at the sensitive flesh there. He gasped with another violent orgasm when it pierced through the tight ring and began to probe sinuously into his bowels. Tim groaned reflexively when it found his prostate and prodded it expertly, a gentle massage that left Tim seeing stars even in the over bright room. At the same time he felt a sudden slender tentacle tease the tip of his urethra, and then slip inside. Instead of pain Tim only felt even more pleasantly invaded, enjoying the larger tentacle in his ass begin to probe him slowly. Both tentacles spread out and absorbed into his body, snaring on until the flesh of two really became one. More liquid seeped off of the tentacles to pump into Tim's helpless body, making him forget everything except the feeling of insane sexual build-up. He ejaculated over and over again with stamina he could not have matched even as a teenager, and still his throbbing member needed more. Yet it wasn't painful or exhausting -- it was sweet, blasting bliss that made his whole body light up with consuming lust. 

The tentacle in Tim's ass widened its girth slowly, almost without Tim even noticing. What was once too tight for a pencil was now stretched to roughly the circumference of a baseball, glistening wetly while the tentacle pounded his previously virgin ass. Then the tentacle almost doubled in girth, so quickly that Tim screamed into his mouthful of fluid, now so thick he might burst! Something large was being pushed inside of him, invading his insides to the point that his stomach stretched outward as if he were pregnant. The ass tentacle then withdrew just as suddenly, leaving him with his abdominal burden. His previously abused asshole was plugged with thick mucus so that nothing escaped, leaving Tim with an agonizing fullness. 

What had these creatures left to grow inside of him?

The force of this particular invasion ripped him from his orgasmic haze long enough to watch what was happening to Jaycie. He lay in the worms with only her face visible, and she was moaning low with complete sexual abandon. His sweet daughter was clearly lost in the midst of a mind-shattering orgasm, leaving Tim to only imagine the sick tortures she was being subjected to underneath the wriggling mass. He could do nothing to reach her, nothing to save her. Nothing to save himself. 

As if it were all a dream, Tim awoke in his sumptuous master bedroom, alone in bed as he was every morning. Twisted images rattled in his memory. They were far too strange and sick to be real, but had been so clear that Tim shuddered. Even worse, he noticed he had a bad case of morning wood and stained sheets. Just like he was a wet-dreaming teenager!

Shaking off the images, Tim padded into his marble bathroom and turned on a hot shower. Once he was good and soaped up he decided to relieve himself, wrapping his strong hand around his cock while the other arm supported him against the slick wall. He began the usual fantasies of Laura, or of that new porno he saw the other night, but images from his dreams kept seeping into his imagination. Bright light, slime, horror...and with these thoughts his cock jumped in his hand and seemed to grow bigger. Tim rubbed it more, fascinated, watching as his cock transformed in his fingers from a modest but respectable six and a half erect inches to a monster the size of which is rarely seen in anything but porn. He came with a force that nearly made him weak at the knees, splattering the shower wall with spooge. Even soft his cock was imposing, tender and sore and suddenly a little over-fucked. 

Tim emerged from the shower, only to towel off and realize that he was already horny again. This time he grabbed a ruler from his nightstand and measured himself: thirteen and a quarter full inches! His cock had nearly doubled in size in a matter of minutes; he had watched with his own eyes, and was still transfixed by it's massive turgid length. The tip was circumcised and seeping pre-cum in a drizzle that went down his leg, onto the carpet in a puddle. He had no choice but to masturbate, again and again and again. Unable to control his lust, he stayed in bed all day. 

Meanwhile, in the beautiful corner bedroom over looking the vineyards, Jaycie woke with a start. Oh, god, had it really happened? This had to be some awful dream. Right? But if it was a dream, then there was no explanation for her wet, throbbing pussy and diamond-hard nipples. It was bizarre -- she was feverishly hot all over her body, yet her pussy felt so cold. Freezing, bone-snapping cold that hurt her so badly. She needed heat, the kind that only a man can give. And she remembered everything. 

She had woken up after her father did, her eyes clearing to watch as he suckled a giant tentacle while being covered in a nest of them -- just like her. Warm, delicious fluid was also poured into her mouth and she grew hot. Lusty. Ready for sex. It was probably a good thing that Jaycie was already a fairly jaded slut for her young age, as she was able to lose focus of exactly who was pounding her and be consumed with the sensations. Tentacles filled her pussy to form a braid of the largest cock she would ever know, stretching her to the brink of tearing. She was vigorously pumped and stimulated, and then flooded with a tide of more fluid that seeped into every available orifice -- her pussy, her ass, her mouth, her nostrils, her ears, even the whites of her very eyes. She had passed out while the tentacles were still working on her, and awoke soaking her own sheets with the most unreliably desperate need. 

Her breasts, which had previously been small but delightfully perky B cups, had grown in size to fleshy mounds that would only fit a triple D. Her hips had also grown fleshier with a fertile widening of her pelvis, taking her non-existant skinny white girl ass and turning into a plump vision that would discourage all ghetto bootys. Her stomach remained girlishly slender, creating lethal curves that shook generously when she shuddered with painful desire. Her body was so deliciously fertile, ripe for the picking. Or rather the implanting, as Jaycie's body practically screamed to become pregnant. 

Luckily for her, she didn't have long to wait. Without her conscious knowledge, the scent of her dripping pussy contained a powerful pheromone that Tim was now sensitive enough to pick up. He stopped mid-stroke, his hand soaked in a pool of his own self-satisfaction. The scent he picked up almost by chance ripped through his brain and even made him shake his head as if to stagger where he sat. He could no longer think coherently enough to realize who, but somewhere in his house there was a woman in heat. Oh, how he ached to go relieve her!

Like a wild man, he sprinted from his chair and ran to the hallway to find the source of that scent. It led him to the top floor, up to the corner bedroom.

Oh, no.

Every ounce of reason and decency he still possessed flared up in his brain and he realized that that was Jaycie's scent he desired so urgently. It felt like the deepest instinct, to bury himself in a hot and uniquely fertile womb. This same instinct led him to desire the spread of his seed, to create this deliciously wicked offspring, and all reason faded as if it had never been at all. He crashed up the stairs and nearly ripped the door from its hinges, his enormous erection straining and bobbing obscenely in front of him. She was confronted with this sticky vision and could only manage to growl hungrily in response. Father and daughter were lost in weird, alien lust and he fell on her with a force that claimed her as his own. He pushed his cock inside of her dripping hole, so tight, spearing her flesh so that she groaned with pleasure. He fucked his own daughter with mad alien desire, pushing his flesh inside of hers to claim her. She was his breeding slut, his personal whore. He would fill her up until she was helpless against the pushing roundness of her impossibly taut belly. She would cry with desire for his cock even while swollen with his incestuous issue, and he would be so glad to fill it. Over. And over. And over again. 

He released inside of her so many times her pussy flowed with seed when his cock finally softened and vacated it. They had fucked for hours, lost in total ecstasy as he fertilized her. There was no more thought to wrong, or immoral. There was only the intense, all-consuming pleasure that they were both now so addicted to they were unwilling and unable to stop. They fell asleep after many hours, and when Jaycie awoke her belly looked swollen enough to be six months along. Looking at the clock on the TV, there was no way she had been impregnated any later than thirty six hours ago. But she was round with kicking, teasing life that left her pussy throbbing sharply again. Tim was happy to oblige her, sliding his massive organ inside of her and giving her a vigorous side-fuck.. Her left leg was in the air while Tim supported her thigh, or what he could reach of it as her belly slowly and pleasurably swelled out from underneath her. In a matter of hours, Tim's beautiful teenage daughter looked like she was about ten months pregnant with twin elephants. Her belly was stretched to an enormous pink expanse of flesh, spotted intermittently with a network of stretched blue veins. And she was still so horny! Her pussy leaked like a faucet to soak onto the floor, the carpet squishy almost to the ankle in places. Tim's eerily enhanced thunder cock never once went soft, pounding her pregnant pussy to the constant goal of mind-shattering orgasm

Finally she pushed him aside and he withdrew, immediately and obediently spent. Jaycie shuddered on her back and exploded her orgasm all over the already sopping bed to mix with her water breaking. An unbelievable pressure centered low in her pelvis and she screamed in mingled intense pain and even sharper pleasure. As Tim watched, Jaycie pushed what looked like a giant egg covered in white goo from her womb. It was about the size of a loaf of bread, but was flattened and strangely leathery like a turtle egg, colored a milky white. Tim picked up this first egg and stared at it while Jaycie went into contractions to deliver a second one. He wondered briefly what he was unleashing on the world, but was suddenly lost by the sight of the second delivery making its way through Jaycie's birth canal. When it had been birthed he lined it up gently next to first one. He was transfixed as Jaycie delivered seventeen of those strange eggs. She finally collapsed with exhaustion and slept for three straight days.

When she woke, it was to the sight of two of her sons suckling happily on her breasts. 

Two days after giving birth to them, the little eggs had each quadrupled in size and hatched. In each egg had been a pair of twin boys who looked almost human, except for their pallid milky skin and strange yellow eyes. They matured with amazing speed, already looking as if they were near seven years old by the time she woke up. But they were also strangely self-sufficient, needing to suckle milk from her only once or twice before they were suddenly old enough to be beyond such nourishment. For seventeen pairs of offspring it was still quite a lot, but the strange biology that now powered Jaycie's body made it so she never ran out of milk to feed her babies. 

Their offspring had free reign of the lonely country estate, roaming naked on grounds that were designed to be secluded from any suspicious eyes. It only took five days for them to reach full maturity. One pair at a time, they suddenly experienced a huge growth spurt in their cocks until they reached ridiculous sizes, some even rivaling Tim's engorged scepter. They briefly but inevitably took out this sudden burst of hormones on their twin, and once they had reached this sexual peak they each took a walk into the woods surrounding the winery and were never heard from again. As their parents, Tim and Jaycie both knew they went to join the aliens that had originally captured them, part of a breeding scheme that had a point neither of them could conceive of. Not that they cared that much. Jaycie was still a greedy bitch, and she never did learn her lesson. She couldn't, when Tim was so willing to give her everything she desired. He gave it to her because they now only desired one thing: to breed the next incestuous alien generation.

The End. Or happily ever after? Eh, whatever.

I hope you liked that, you sick bunch of fucks.