 This story is an entry in the 2018 Halloween Contest. Please vote!

Svend Jurgensen loves Halloween. It's the one night of the year the tall dirty blond Swede can indulge in sweet earthly delights. He walked into a bar of costumed revelers, looking for a drink and a wayward soul. It didn't take long for him to get what he wanted. The bartender served him a beer the same time the girl walked up to him.

Ashley was dressed in tight white pants which showed off her bountiful curves. Her t-shirt had a graphic rainbow emblazoned across her boobs. She had a golden horn attached to the top of her head by an elastic band hidden by her wavy brown hair. She sidled up beside him at the crowded bar. Her sexy brown eyes appraised his super jacked body of the ruggedly handsome dude with shoulder length hair, tight abs, facial scruff on his square chin, and cruel blue eyes which made him so damned attractive.

When she finally caught his eye, she said, "You're not in costume."

"Yes I am."

"What are you?"

"A Viking from Hell."

She laughed. He smirked, amused that they always laugh at the truth.

"And what manner of beast are you?" he asked.

"A unicorn. They bring you luck you know."

He hoped she was telling the truth. After another drink and some conversation, Ashley's unicorn luck had rubbed off upon him after all. He left the bar with the pretty girl, holding her hand as they strolled back to his apartment. When they reached the fourth floor of the brick building, he picked her up to sling her body over his shoulder and carried her the rest of the way to his purloined room. The way she squealed and squirmed reminded Svend of the good old days when he raided the green lands of England. He kicked the door open and strode in with the girl playfully slapping at his back. His dick hardened in his jeans from her half-hearted struggles as he cruised through the apartment's living room, heading straight for the bedroom. She was laughing hysterically. Her unicorn horn fell from her swinging hair before he tossed Ashley onto the bed with a bounce. She giggled in drunken delight as she kicked off her shoes while looking up at him, waiting to be ravished. 

Svend said nothing as he stripped his t-shirt up over his head and flung it aside. He watched her hands move to her crotch to unbutton her jeans, but she was taking too long, the little tease, so he leaned over to unbutton them for her. It was exhilarating to yank her jeans off her legs and fling them across the room. It had been a long time since he'd ripped a woman's bodice to get at her creamy flesh. Ashley crawled away but he caught her by the legs, flipped her over and dragged her back before diving on top of her. The bed bounced beneath them and he gazed into her deep brown eyes before smothering her mouth with his.

She draped her arms over his shoulders, matching his passionate kiss with hers as she ground her pelvis up into his. His hands roamed over her soft supple skin. And as his hard-on pressed against his jeans, he disengaged from her lovely lips to sit up upon his knees where he started to take off his pants. Ashley sat up as well. Her fingers went for his pants and he dropped his hands to let her free him from the constrictive pants.

"You're so hot," she purred as she reached into his pants to pull out his hard cock.

He pushed her back against the bed and gazed at her breasts in that tight shirt before licking his fingers to shove up her shaved snatch. Her back arched in ecstasy. God, he loved the sight of a woman during sex. He withdrew his sticky fingers and placed them in her mouth which she sucked like a babe on the teat. She couldn't get enough of sucking. He withdrew his fingers on his mouth and hauled her up to her hands and knees before him. He placed his dick in her face which she readily accepted into her velvety mouth. His eyes rolled back before they closed. The pleasure lips and a mouth muddled his mind as her tongue rippled under his dick. He began to fuck her mouth, looking down at her naked backside as she sucked him. After a few more thrusts, he withdrew his slick dick from her mouth and flipped her back against the bed. He yanked up her t-shirt and bra to expose her caramel tipped tits. Svend grasped one with his brutish hand and squeezed it, popping it into his mouth and sucking it hard which made her wince in sensual pain. 

"I want you inside me," she panted out. "Put it in, now. Please. Fuck me."

He stabbed his dick into her flesh. His head rolled up in absolute pleasure being cleaved inside her, inching in further with each thrust. The tightness became slippery wet. It felt like heaven. The bed bounced beneath them, squeaking at each stroke. She wrapped her legs around, meeting his thrusts with her own. 

"Harder," she said.

He was holding back a bit, as not to hurt her, but he lost his reason and slammed into without abandon.

"Oh yeah!" she yelled, as he knocked the breath from her over and over again.

She fucked like a shield maiden after a battle; wanton, desperate, knowing what feels good to her without regard to the man or the gods. He liked that. 

Eyes closed, panting as though she'd run the distance, he watched her face flush as his rod pumped inside her now gushy gash. Trapped between his arms, he tightened them to feel her soft skin rubbing against his. 

"I'm going to cum," she panted. "I'm going to cum."

As her pussy began to quiver with spasms, he murmured, "Are you mine, body and soul?"

"Yes, yes oh God yes! Ooooh!"

Her pussy clenched his dick and he drove it in balls deep one last time in her swollen slit. He didn't wait for her orgasm to cease when pulled out, watching her writhe beneath him. Svend grabbed her by the hair and dragged her up until she maneuvered herself onto her hands and knees to accommodate his rock hard dick in her mouth one more time. He shoved his dick in her mouth, fucking her face with pent up rage. His balls slapped against her chin until they tightened. He couldn't hold back any longer.

"Awwgggg!" he loudly groaned as the dam unleashed and his pumped into his mouth. 

She gagged and tried to pull away, but he held her head in place, his lurching dick pumping cum in her mouth until its hardness subsided and it jerkedno more. He let go of her and she fell upon her back, her head resting on a pillow with his jizz oozing from the corners of her mouth. As she cooled down, swallowing his wad, he spoke the words of her damnation.

"You've given me you your body and soul which I now give to the Dark Angel and commend you to Hell."

She opened her eyes and looked at him, her brows furrowed in confusion, until her eyes widened in shock. She slowly began to disappear. With his cum still on her tongue, she let out a dissipating scream as she vanished from this Earth. 

Svend strolled naked to the dresser, picked up the bottle of whiskey and chugged the fiery liquid that made him feel good. Svend the Viking loved whiskey and he loved Halloween. It's as close he's ever going to get to heaven...for now.

When twenty two year old Svend was felled by an archer's arrow in 1030 A.D., he was disappointed that there was no Valhalla full of fallen comrades to greet him. Only heaven and hell and he'd been commended to the latter for all of the raping, killing, warmongering and pillaging he had committed on earth. His personal demon, an evil female succubus named Hezegreb, tormented him without mercy. She was truly an unholy, masochistic soul; a perfect instrument of pure torture. His only hope for salvation was a contract with the Dark Angel. Angered that Svend had sent so many Christian souls to heaven, Svend was to deliver one thousand souls to Hell, ten for every person he'd killed. Then, and only then, could he return to Earth, be reincarnated as a child to a happy family to live a life most right. He was allowed to return to Earth one night a year, on All Hallows Eve, to reap souls. 

He had followed Hezegreb up the Trail of Thorns, walking barefoot and naked a crumbling narrow ledge covered in brambles, leading Earthward as the demon made her nightly visit to Earth to torment sleeping men. She emerged naked from a rotted tree stump where witches had held a dark mass long ago. Svend on the other hand, had emerged fully clothed in jeans, boots, a black t-shirt. Hell's putrid stench of Sulphur, blood and shit was cleansed from him by God's perfect nature and he smelled newly washed. The moonlight illuminated Hezegreb's pale body of bones and translucent skin and gleamed from her hanks of her long greasy silver hair. She stretched, flexing her taloned hands in the air as she grew accustomed to the Earthly realm. Svend closed his eyes and breathed in the cool fresh air he sorely missed. The screams of the tormented was replaced by the distant hum of traffic on a nearby highway. The blinding orange glare of hell fire was replaced with a black starry sky. He fell to the ground to smell the earth and curl his fingers into the grass whose color he longed to see. Then Hezegreb ruined it.

"The night is short and you have work to do. Let's go."

Her fleshy wings unfurled from behind her. She lifted off the ground to hover above him and he gritted his teeth for what's to come next. The claws on her feet dug into his shoulders before she rose into the sky to fly him to his destination. Svend didn't mind flying, feeling the cool air rush around him as they headed towards the city lights was a blessing. Once in the city, she flew to a six story brick apartment building to drop him outside the front door. He looked up to see her clinging to the wall on the fourth floor before she effortlessly passed through the glass of an unopened window. He waited outside the apartment door until he heard it buzz and unlatch. He entered the apartment and climbed the stairs to the fourth floor. There he found an opened door and entered the apartment to find Hezegreb standing beside an elderly woman laying dead on the couch with her television still on. The Dark Angel had received her soul a short time ago.

Hezegreb said, "See you before dawn at this dead oak tree. If you're late, I'll find you and put you in a pit of pig shit for eternity."

"Fuck off."

She laughed as before she opened the window, perched on the sill before launching herself into the night leaving him to collect his souls however he saw fit. All he had to do was get unlucky souls to give themselves to him, heart and soul, for him to make the reap. In the past, he tried gambling and intimidation but found it easier to do once someone was in the throes of an orgasm. They happily agreed. With Ashley's soul dispatched to hell, he only had one more to go. Could tonight be the night he earns his freedom from torment? He was determined to make it so.

After dragging the woman's cold body into a closet, and finding her hidden money, he left the apartment and found a bar where he'd met Ashley, brought her back and sent her to hell. He scavenged her purse, taking what little money she had and left his temporary home. He wanted stay in, drink and watch TV. It had changed over the years. So much porn and MMA cage fighting; he loved it. But he was on a mission. One more soul and he was free. He walked across the parking lot, swigging the last of the liquor from the bottle before tossing the empty bottle which smashed against a brick wall. He sang a song he once sang with his comrades on the long sea voyages to England. Around a blind corner of a building, a skateboarder ran into him.

The floppy haired kid said, "Hey asshole, watch it. Didn't you see me crossing, dick for brains?"

Svend scowled at this waste between women's thighs. The kid should've heeded the Viking's furrowed brow, and bolt like a rabbit over dale. Svend punched the punk in the face. The kid reeled back and collapsed against the wall. Svend picked up the lad's board with wheels and smashed it across the kid's head face before bashing it over his head. He wanted to beat him to death but he dropped the skateboard and walked away, humming a Viking battle hymn from long ago. Within his happy stride, he began to sing.

 "Sharp and true my axe's blade

Off to fetch a pretty maid."

He was about to enter a bar crowded with young costumed adults when he spotted a fetching young woman walking his way. He stopped. His mouth dropped. 

"Eira?"

It couldn't be. The mischievous girl from his village who drove him wild and would open her legs for a goat if so inclined, has been dead for a thousand years. But the modestly dressed girl walking towards him in a long skirt and sweater had the same trim body and reddish blonde hair that seemed colored by a wash of red fruit. She had the same winsome face as though she had not a worry in the world. The same freckles across the bridge of her narrow nose that upturned like a pixie and a slant to her clear blue eyes which smacked of her naughty nature. She passed him without a second look. He turned to watch her sashay down the street. He began to follow, keeping is distance as not to frighten her. She walked into a coffee shop and he stood outside as she ordered a hot drink. She sat at a table and pulled a book, pen and note book from her bag and busied herself in what look like studying. He entered the shop and bought a coffee. He wasn't particularly fond of the brew but Americans seemed to love it. He loved America. It had been a great land from which to reap. He picked up the paper cup of black brew before approaching her table to stand before her.

"Excuse me," he said, imitating a gentleman's charm he's observed for centuries.

He was hoping she'd exclaim "Svend!" before jumping upon him to wrap her lithe legs around his waist as she did when he returned from sea, before she married Aaren, but she looked up with curious eyes. At least they weren't annoyed.

"I know you are busy but I'm lonely and would like someone to talk to. May I join you?'

She considered it for a few seconds, as he looked him over.

"Sure," she said, putting her book back in her bag.

He smiled. "Thank you," he said, pulling out the chair. "I'm not from here and I'm only here for one night."

"Where are you from?"

"Flekkefjord. Norway."

"I thought I heard a Scandinavian accent. You sure look the part."

"How so?"

"Big, strapping blond guy looking like Thor. You look like a dream."

He smirked as he was really a man of many people's nightmares, He was flattered that she likened to one of the old Gods. He sipped his coffee, nearly grimacing at its bitterness. What people saw in this brew, he'd never understand.

"Were you at a bar?" she asked.

"Why do you ask?"

"You smell of whiskey."

"Yes, I was there earlier but there was too much reveling going on. The costumes and all, it's not for me."

"Me neither. I'd rather be reading."

Sometimes Svend wished he'd been taught to read.

"What's your name?"

"Brianna."

"I'm Svend. Nice to meet you."

She smiled. "Same here. So, Svend, what do you do?"

Suffer in hellfire. Reap souls.

"Not much now. I was a warrior. Took to sea many a time."

"Sounds exciting."

"It was. Best days of my life. What of you? Are you married?"

"No."

"Do you have an intended?"

"No. Haven't found the right guy yet."

"Perhaps I am he."

She giggled. "Perhaps you are."

After an hour of talking, the clerk rounded the counter and said, "We're closing soon."

As Brianna packed her things in her bag, Svend asked, "Would you like to come back to my abode?"

"Why?"

"Truthfully, I'm very attracted to you and I really don't want the night to end."

She rose. "Come on. Let's go back to my place."

He smiled, happy to be leaving with her. They strolled a few blocks down the lamp lit street and arrived at a run down two story apartment where they climbed the stairs to the second floor. She unlocked the door and they entered small disheveled apartment with worn rugs, shoddy furniture and a musty smell.

She took off her sweater to reveal her perfect little boobs outlined by the thin material of her t-shirt. Her hard nipples were fully erect.

Svend said, "You mind if I relieve myself?"

"The washroom? Yeah, sure."

He walked into the bathroom to take a piss and thought about this reaping. Could this be his end of his torment? The one thousandth soul? Could it possibly end tonight? When he returned, he saw that Brianna had lit some candles. He went around blowing them out.

"What?" she asked.

"I don't like flames. I see enough where I come from."

He joined her on the couch where he took her hand in his. His rough hands caressed her smooth skin. He gazed into her eyes as clear as a river stream.

He murmured, "You remind me of someone I knew long ago."

"Was she a good girl?"

"She was saucy," he replied. "I would've married her but she married another. He was a bigger brute than me."

She giggled. "I have something to show you."

She got up and walked across the room to open the closet door to reveal a tied up naked girl. She had nut brown hair and large breasts. She was in fact voluptuous. Her arms were tied behind her back with a bathrobe's sash as well as her legs. Her mouth was gagged with a dish rag and her eyes were full of fright. Svend wasn't moved one way or another. He'd seen this look before in captives' faces during his past life. If anything, he was curious.

"Who's that?" he nonchalantly asked. 

"She's my sub."

"What does that mean?"

She giggled. "She's a submissive. We can do anything we want to her. Anything."

Svend saw the dilemma. The women were tempting, but could he reap one or two of them? The chances were slim but still, never in his life or death, had he had such an offer. Should he leave and take his chances on finding another soul reap? There was still lots of time before dawn. Then Brianna bent down to pinch the girl's nipple. The girl's face crinkled in pain. A bulge began to form in his pants and he shifted on the couch to get comfortable.

Brianna stood the girl to her feet where she hopped out of the closet. Then Brianna spun the girl around.

"You've been a bad girl, she said as she slapped the girl's ass. "Very, very bad."

She slapped the hapless girl's ass over and over again which jiggled with each blow. Svend was becoming more and more aroused. He wanted to slap her ass too but seemed content to watch Brianna punish her sub. After slapping her butt until it was rosy red, Brianna grabbed the girl's hair.

"Get on your knees," she said, forcing the girl onto her knees. 

Brianna then ripped the gag of cloth from her mouth before shimmying out her skirt. She had no panties on. Svend like the burnished golden hair on her pussy as so many women nowadays shave off the patch of down. Brianna grabbed the girl again and shoved her pussy into her face until the girl's nose penetrated her furry mound.

"Stick out your tongue," Brianna barked. "Stick it out!"

The girl did as she said, sticking it out as far as it would go. Brianna forced her head up and down over her parted pussy lips for the girl's tongue to lick inside the split of her shell pink clit.

"Lick me you stupid bitch."

She released the girl's hair from her grasp and the girl licked her on her own as Svend watched. Brianna's head lolled back as she enjoyed getting her sex licked. She quivered and sighed until her knees shook from a silent orgasm. Without warning, she lowered her head to look down upon the girl, lifted one foot and booted the girl in the chest causing her to bowl over backwards on the floor.

She turned to Svend and said, "Your turn."

Svend stood up. He stripped off his shirt and pants as Brianna watched him haul the girl off the floor to shove her against the wall. His body molded to her backside. His brutally strong fingers pried open the crack of her butt and he dug in until he found her warm womanly entrance. It was dry but he didn't care as that wasn't the hole he desired. He guided the tip of his now hard dick into her butthole and shoved it in. Her cry excited him. He pinned her with his body against the wall and licked her neck.
