 "Oh Bloody hell! Mother has a melt down and I am condemn to cleaning out the crazy bat's cave?" 

"Colin, we must have your grandmother's estate ready for the auction next Wednesday. This is not an option. I will join you a few days once your mother's nerves have settled. For God's sake, be more respectful," his father stated more tired then anger.

"Yes, father," Colin grumbled obediently. " I will cancel my plans and head out in the morning."

His father hung up the phone without responding. Unfortunately, so had his date when he cancelled their plans to one of the hottest Halloween parties in Atlanta. His parents had always been flawless with their timing. If he had the least bit of potential for getting laid, then they would find a way to put an end to it. Frankly, if his trust fund had not been such a large part of his income, then he'd had told them to fuck off years ago. 

Half asleep, with the taste of gas station cappuccino on his tongue, Colin pulled his silver TT roadster down the long drive to his grandparent's former estate. The black rod iron gate were unlocked and open. The grounds were in disrepair from years of neglect. After his grandfather's death, he'd heard in whispers that his grandmother had fired the staff and locked herself away from the world. His grandmother refused to let any of the children visit. She claimed it wasn't safe. It was the first time in fifteen years he'd step foot over the threshold of the huge house. An ungodly stench assaulted his nose and created a painful lurch in his stomach. No wonder his mother had run away. Slaughterhouses carried a more appealing aroma. 

Pulling a handkerchief from his pant pockets, he placed it over his nose. The house was monstrously large and out of time for the small country town it inhabited. His grandmother, never being of sound mind, had demanded his grandfather bring her family estate with them if she was to move to the United States. Not having a choice in the matter, his grandfather had torn down, shipped and rebuild the house one brick at a time. Of course, his grandfather spent three years and an obscene amount of money upgrading the facilities. After it was complete, his grandmother sailed from England to join her husband. Upon seeing the house for the first time, her only comment was, "the shutters should be a lighter yellow."

In the kitchen, he was surprised to find his mother had not cleaned out the varies hanging baskets of rotten fruits and vegetables. He opened the many mahogany cabinets until he located a box of garbage bags. Filling each one as quickly as possible, he had cleared the area of rotting food in under a half of an hour. Out the back door, he placed the bags in the open can when he saw a woman with blonde bobbed hair and blue dress walking through the gardens. 

"Hey, you! Lady, hey, stop!" he shouted as the woman walked under the trellis covered with dormant rose vines. 

He jogged over to the end of the yard to meet her as she exited the arch. However, she did not appear. He looked down the path to see only weeds and empty cobblestone. Looking around for a few minutes, he rediscovered the garden was littered with statues. The dead marble eyes watched him as he snaked through thistle and overgrown planters. While he was looking down at a particularly stoic angel, he felt a small hand touch his neck and slip down his back. A light feminine laugh fluttered in the air. He turned with a dazzling smile hoping to find the lovely tart who had been strolling the grounds. However, the garden was empty and a chill climbed in the air. His smile melted as he glanced around confused. Suddenly, the rancid smell of the house felt more appealing then the garden. He strode quickly to the kitchen door not glancing back.

Colin spent the better part of the day taking down strings his grandmother had used to divide the rooms into smaller areas. Also, he dumped multiple glasses of urine lining the edges of rooms that could still be entered. Many rooms, had been nailed shut and he was too tried to try to opening them tonight. As the daylight faded, he realized that the electricity was not working. Disgruntled at the general waste of the day, he climbed the large staircase to find the master suite. He cursed openly realizing he could be nailing some model want-a-be dressed as cat woman if he'd gone to the Halloween party. Instead, he spent Halloween in his family's version of a skeleton closet. 

The expensive antique furniture in his grandmother's former suite was covered in layers of melted wax from a vast collection of burned down candles. In the center of the room, a bare mattress was surrounded by piles of black and white photographs. The far wall had been completely cleared accept for one piece. The cherry wood was carved into two massive lilies holding up a full length mirror. In all her insanity, his grandmother had recognized how exquisite this one piece was. Colin pulled out his lighter and broke free one of the candles from the dresser. Lighting the wick, he crouched to look at the photos on the floor.

The pictures were all of a single party. They were taken in the garden. Everyone smiled and lifted champagne glasses at the camera. In tiny black print, the date was stamped: October 1935. As he began shifting through the pile, he heard horns playing in the faintly. He looked up and realized a light was shining from the mirror as the music grew louder. A Bing Crosby like voice floated out from the mirror as the words took shape in Colin's mind.

"Did you ever see a dream walking? Well, I did! Did you ever hear a dream talking? Well, I did! Did you ever have a dream thrill you with 'Will you be mine?' Oh, it's so grand and it's too, too divine."

He rose slowly from the ground and approached the glow. The mirror had become a door into a evening garden party from 1935. A big band played as a young thin man in a black tuxedo sang to the costume clad dancers. Paper tablecloths were weight down by jack-o-lanterns. In the distance, he saw his grandmother, young and beautiful, waving at him with a sparkling grin. Her hair was dark red and lips plump with youth.

"Darling, where have you been?" she smiled as she spoke. "I thought you had gotten lost. My Edward, come, let's dance."

Her hand reached through the mirror pulling him onto a dance floor laid over the grass. As he looked back for the mirror, he saw the blonde woman in the blue dress smile at him. She winked before looking back at the older gentleman with whom she danced. A tiny tiara was perched on her head. She was a stunning princess with a tiny waist and perfect petit breast peeking out from the top of her dress. Looking back down at his grandmother, he could not believe that her hand was caressing the crotch of his pants.

"Oh, Edward, I cannot wait until they all leave. I want you inside of me. We can go under the bandstand," Eva whispered in a husky voice.

"I..," Colin stuttered as his grandmother licked her large pouting red lips. Her eyes glistened a beautiful emerald.

"I'll met you there in 5 minutes. We will fuck like dogs as the party dances around us," she whispered before breaking their hold. She waved over her shoulder before disappearing off behind the stage.

Despite himself, his dick was rock hard suffocating in his tight pants. He looked down to shift his erection when he realized he had on cufflinks. As he took in his attire, he realized he was in full tuxedo with cape. He touched his face to feel the half mask. Phantom of the Opera. The costume his grandfather wore in the photographs.

"Edward, I see Eva has left you all alone," a woman commented from behind him. 

Then, he felt a small hand touch his neck and slip down his back. A light feminine laugh fluttered in the air. He spun around quickly at the de-ja-vu. 

"Hello," Colin replied taken in the princess in the powder blue dress. Her cleavage was ivory smooth with a tiny beauty mark on the right breast. 

"Eddie, just because your ol' lady 's here, don't be actin' like you ain't wantin' your girl," she responded in high pitched voice. "Ain't no one takin' my number one."

Colin wasn't sure how to act. A desperation in her eyes told him to step gently. The deep blue pools rippled with love and frustration.

"Just like a man," she quipped as she poked his shoulder. "No words of honey for your Rita. I thought I was your lil' Bette Davis?"

Colin realized her voice was gaining volume. So, he scooped her under the arm and dragged her toward the gardens. The exact opposite way his grandmother went. 

"Rita, baby, you know I love you," he whispered in her ear as he pulled her along. He'd seen her in the garden earlier. She was the key to how he got here.

"If you love me, why you callin' me Rita. You always callin' me Bette when you's really lovin' me," she chirped as a smile spread over her tiny heart shaped face. She slipped down the strap off her shoulder.

"Rita, you remember seeing me today when you were walking in the garden?" Colin asked looking over the blonde whose head pressed against his arm.

"You've had too much champagne, Eddie. I wasn't in your garden, sweetheart. You musta been daydreamin' about me."

She moved away from his side yanking him behind a large hedge. Then, she gave him a push sending him to the ground. Once he hit grass, he looked up to see her standing over him. She pulled her dress up over her waist. Garters held up her thigh high hose which appeared looser then anything Colin had ever seen. Her pussy was cover in a full thatch of blonde curls. 

"I ain't wearin' no panties," she said shaking the dress him left to right. " Just like you like, Eddie."

Colin reached out and grabbed her small thin thighs. He pulled her down on top of his hard on. Giggling, she peeled down the top of her dress reveling tiny red nipples the size of nickels. Her breast were small and firm. They bounced as she jumped up and down on his cock. 

"You goin' fuck me right here, Eddie. Ain't you. I'm your number one girl!"

Colin sucked the right nipple in his mouth running his tongue over the tip. She tasted sweet like sugar. The sensitive skin pulled into ripples in his mouth as she moaned. Slipping his other hand up her thigh, he ran his fingers over the soft curls on her cunt. The heat radiating from her slit drove his fingers forward. Soon, he was knuckle deep in wet pussy. The tiny little snatch snapped at his fingers and clutched at his invasion. Dripping thick liquid into his hand, her hole flexed and expanded to allow a third finger. Like a good girl, she was bucking on his hand squealing. Then, she hopped off and winked at him. 

"You ain't havin' all the fun. You want me to kiss it. Don't you?"

Before Colin could respond, she was ripping the buttons free from his crotch and freeing his erection. Swollen, his cock throbbed like fire. The cool envelope of her wet mouth did not quiche the flames. The soft touches and circles of her tongue worked over the head and stalk like it was not connect to her mouth. Meanwhile, her right hand jack-hammered on the base as her left hand fondled his balls. Intensity welled up in his stomach as his balls pulled up into him. Within minutes, he came in her mouth with such force she choked and pulled back from the head. The spewing geyser continued to shot cum on her face, neck and chest. In the moonlight, the jizz shined on her creamy skin.

"Oh, Eddie, you made a mess!" she pouted wiping some cum from her cheek with the back of her hand.

"Call me Colin tonight. Just like I call you Bette," Colin replied already feeling his hard on coming back. "And baby, you look beautiful. Don't wipe it off."

Her blue eyes twinkled with the mischief. Reaching down, she tried to grab his cock again, but he flipped her over in the grass. She giggled as he fumbled with the fabric of her dress. Finding the wet little hole, he buried his cock in her as deep as he could go. Her pussy held no resistance as the hollow was slippery with her excitement. Legs wrapped around his waist, he pounded into her over and over again. Moaning and screaming his name, she pulled up chunks of grass tossing it in her ecstasy. The slopping wet cunt began to clench and release quickly as cum coated his pubic hair. Her pussy squeezed a final time before her entire body went limp. Pulling out, he blew his wad all over her soaking her spread thighs.

Relaxed, he starred up at the stars when a shadow blocked his view. The red curls seemed to turn into snakes as hatred filled huge green eyes.

"What are you doing Edward?" Eva screamed starring at the other girl's cum covered body. "That is suppose to be me!"

Colin scrambled from the ground trying to get dressed. Eva, in her rage, picked up one of the smaller garden statues and buried it onto his Rita's skull. The split made a sickening wet cracking sound. Rita gurgled and spit out blood. He backed away as Eva repeatedly drove the marble into Rita's head. Soon her beautiful Bette Davis like face was nothing but a pile of brain, blood and bone chips. Her pale body twitched as the final signs of life escaped the pain. Eva dropped the stone and turned to Colin. Starring at her wild eyes and blood soaked dress, he felt like he was separating from his body. Dizziness came over him as he closed his eyes.

When he opened them again, he was sitting on the floor holding photographs. Looking at the black and white faces, he saw the beautiful Rita smiling back at him. The power of her expression made him retch on the floor. His head swam as he positioned on all fours vomiting until he was completely empty. Sitting back, he began to talk himself down.

"It was only a dream. It was only a dream. It was only a dream."

As he spoke he heard the floor creaked a few feet away from where he sat. He could feel her presence before he looked up at her approach.

"I'm still your number one girl. Aren't I, Colin? Aren't I?"