 The nunnery had none, but the abbey happily had one.

Was sex a sin if it was sanctioned?

Based on an il-lust-ration by Pandora's Box

Author's note: Pandora's Box created an extraordinary scene in one of his drawings, as described in the latter part of this tale. It has cried out for an explanatory narrative to give the viewer a back-story to the scene. This was my creative challenge. There is sex at the end, but you should look elsewhere for a cum. Try "Mollie's Family Follies" 

*****

"Now that you are no longer a novice, but a full-fledged member of our order, Sister Grace," said the Mother Superior, "I am charged to induct you to one of the privy duties that we have here at the Convent of St. Georgiana."

Sister Grace looked down in a humble attitude and nodded. She had heard rumors of course, but never seen any real visible evidence of a secret duty of the order. Something both mysterious, and which could be either a curse, or a blessing, it was whispered. It was said to be sacrificial, like giving up sex for the vows of chastity. Though just because you took vows of chastity, doesn't mean that you are automatically cleansed of having tempting thoughts about a yummy hunk you might see on TV, or on the street. Or even the young friar . . . no don't go there. Would sex with a priest be extra-sinful, the young nun wondered? The Mother Superior was speaking again.

"Just like the rest of our duties we have here in the convent, some are more pleasant than others. Not many of us like washing dishes, but many like baking. To some, the mopping is a chore; to others mopping is better than having to fetch water. So too, this privy duty may be to your liking or not, but we all have to take our turns. Except in this case, you would find more than enough of the other Sisters who enjoy the duty, to take your burden upon their . . . um, shoulders. The friars of the abbey milk the cows for the benefit of us all, in this holy community. We of this Order have a similar, but private milking to take care of. Now, follow me."

The elder woman led the fresh faced maid down some steps and through an underground cellar shared between the nunnery and the neighboring abbey. She continued her lecture, "We don't actually have technical ownership, if it can be called that, it, he, it, is ours to . . eh, enjoy - I would say. I do find the task stimulating myself and quite . . . pleasurable. As you will as well, when your hour comes, I imagine. Turn here." They went down a dark and dank tunnel. The Senior of the two paused before a heavy door. "We always have two of the order to do this. One to milk and one to pray."

"Before we go in there, I must warn you, that it, he, is dangerous, that is why he is chained. But he knows what his behavior should be, to get his treat, which he always gets if he does what he's told. I'll be in charge, and I will do all that is needed. This is just a demonstration of the 'milking' we are called to do. Sister Grace, at the critical time you must pray for my soul, that I will not lose it doing the dangerous thing we are called on to do. Which, Sister will be your sacrifice too, in your time. But I shall be taking on the responsibility for the 'creme'n of the demon'; draining the serpent of flesh and evil of his white poison."

The Mother Superior's words didn't make a whole lot of sense to Sister Grace. The Mother laughed, as generally she was a jolly soul, and clearly understanding that her charge didn't comprehend her. So she tried a different tact. "You know what a hidden inner demon is?"

"A sin that possesses you, not acknowledged in confession, so you can't be cleansed of it?" Sister Grace recited a Sunday school sort of definition.

"Not quite, this is more literal. The monks hid their demon down here in an inner chamber. It was caught quite some time ago, trying to sour the dairy's milk. But the monk who caught him knew how to both capture him, and keep him from growing stronger and becoming a real menace to folks. But while the fellas could chain him, they couldn't drain him. If you don't milked him, his power and evil begin to strengthen. But sap him of his vital fluid, he's a relative pussycat. If he's getting his treat, he stays relatively sweet. So our order was formed to keep this evil one in check."

"An unusual duty for females who took a vow of chastity, but this is a holy duty, sanctioned by the hierarchy." Sister Grace wondered again about what was extra-sinful. Was it 'outside of sin'; like extramarital was 'outside of marriage'? When it is a sanctioned act, acceptable in the judgment of the Church, even though it otherwise would be a venal sin, is it okay to enjoy it? Or would it a sacrilege? What could the mysterious sacrifice be? She already took a vow of poverty, as well as no sex; what else was there to give up that she hadn't already? 

The Mother Superior made sure she had her newbie's attention. "This is giving up your virginity, you don't have to be a virgin to be a nun." But of that, Grace knew from firsthand experience. "Many of the girls like this duty, it's not all that unpleasant. In fact, it can be rollicking fun most times. By letting the demon spew his evil seed in us, we keep him in check. Then we douche with holy water mixed with a spermicidal. You'll understand better when you meet our little imp; only, not so little where it counts!" The elder chuckled at that last aside. She opened the door, ushered the younger nun in before her. She closed the door quickly for safety.

There, chained by his ankles and around his neck, with collar and cuffs, was a true live demon. He had the horns and he was ugly and there was a tail, with a barb on the end, just like the illustrations in the books. He, it, was dressed only in a simple shift of a long shirt, though that didn't cover his risen member. For he not only had horns, he was mighty horny. Which was obvious from the look of the raging phallus that was a hell of a salami, for what otherwise looked like a awkward adolescent. But boy with a big schlong. He was chained to the wall, but his links stretched to a very wide and soft bed. 

Sister Grace couldn't believe what the Mother Superior had been hinting at, or even been blunt about. Now she could hardly believe her eyes as the head of her order climbed up on the bed and rolled to her back with open arms for her demon lover! Jesus! No wonder the old gal is so cheerful! She's getting laid, perhaps on a regular basis. Likely there was a fair-share schedule made up so each girl in the Convent could get her turn to milk the nasty kid with the horns in his head and a spike in his loins. Getting a 'piece of tail', took on a different sort of context with servicing the hormonal madness of a teen Beelzebub. Or was he servicing them?

Mother was now about to make merry with the male half-ling, or perhaps changeling, difficult to tell at this age. But like all kids, he liked to get his kicks, his treats, in this case daily pussy! The semi-bestial boy, brandishing his sword of flesh, all but attacked the mature woman who welcomed him with panties drawn aside and pelvis raised. His tail whipped, lasing back and forth, as he entered her. His expression was eyes closed, tongue out, and he was breathing through his mouth. But his thick dick plunged in her quite ready and exposed quim. It settled in half penetrating, then slid in all the way, and withdrew to repeated the cycle of sex, the in and out, the mechanics of the act.

But Mother Superior was having a swell time; she laughed and encouraged the abomination to, "do it harder to Mommy Superior!" Her habit high around her hips, her nylon stockings showing the scandalous saucy scamp she was underneath. Sister remembered at that point that she was to pray for the Mother Superior's soul. Now she understood why. Because you could get to like the sin too much. It was supposed to be a sacrifice, not a pleasure unto its own self. Thus you would be seduced not by the sex only, but also by letting a forgiven-sin be repeated for your own selfish motives. Next thing, the Church would do away with the confessional, Heaven forbid!

Misuse of a dispensation would lose you your place in heaven. So she prayed that the Mother Superior would not fall into the role of victim; as opposed to being a milk-maid, who simply enjoyed her work; but wouldn't necessarily want to have a fixation on the cow. So Sister prayed quite earnestly for Mother Superior's soul. But then she said thanks to the Almighty for her own blessings. The order and the fellowship of the sisterhood, the wonderful and terrific jolly Mother Superior; and the fact that she wouldn't have to give up completely the one thing she would really miss by being a nun. But with there being a hidden inner demon, her prayers were answered!