 And just like that, they were one.

She flashed back, to earlier in the night inside the club when he first caught her attention. He was wandering around, it looked like he was sniffing the air, hunting for something. Every so often he would turn towards someone and move towards them, but before contact or conversation could be made, he turned and returned to his erratic search.

For a moment she thought he was looking for something he'd lost, his keys perhaps?

But all pondering to his motivation evaporated as he turned and their eyes met, a pleasant electric current bounding up and down her spine fading a little after each pulse. The sensation did not last long, as he broke contact, looking away and continuing his search methodically around the room.

She watched his path, knowing it would eventually lead him to her. But an alarming thought spurred her into action, what if he found whatever he was looking for before he reached her? One could not be passive in these things, and a hunger for more information about this man tugged at her with enough power to force her into moving towards the bar, intercepting the route he was taking.

He gave little information away by his look. A nondescript sort of man, neither fat nor thin, old nor young, average in almost every way. So what was it about him that drew her attention, it puzzled her. As she moved towards the bar, with the excuse of needing another drink, his head went up, eyes darting frantically around clearly sensing something.

With a small turn of his head, he locked onto her as though it all made sense. She had played her part in the encounter and now at the bar tactically ignored him while ordering her drink. But she could feel him studying her from behind, could sense his gaze evaluating and was not surprised as she saw he'd moved next to her out of the corner of her eye.

He introduced himself and the conversation began but it all seemed like a blur to her. Afterwards, she wouldn't even be able to remember his name or even what they talked about. But, they did talk about some things and for a long time because she did remember enjoying the conversation greatly. More then that, she felt happy that she'd been proactive and moved into his path. She would remember a moment of being terrified of the thought of someone else taking her opportunity.

The she remembered the car park outside, near the woods, she remembered what a beautiful night it was and how filled with hot desire they were for each other. This is why they chose to head into the woods instead of the car, this is how she ended up being pressed against the bark of tree as he thrust into her.

She remembered ecstasy, her feet locked behind him, bare as the heels she'd worn had been discarded along the way. Her hands around his back, though not muscular, were rock hard while he effortlessly held her up against the tree. She felt so happy and complete as she felt his hot breath against her neck as he thrust away. Needing to know that he was feeling the same she moved her head back and turned to look into his eyes, longing for a deep kiss.

For a moment he hesitated, and she saw doubt and fear in them. But she was ready and wanted this so she grabbed his head and locked her mouth around his, tasting him and probing deeply with her tongue. For a moment their tongues dances around each other, then she felt hers being pressed down as his tongue entered her mouth. It was so big, it easily reached the back of her throat.

And this was when her truly entered her, his tongue engorging, pulsating and thrusting deep down her throat. The panic hit her instantly as her breath was cut off, she tried to bite down which was a reflex move in any situation like this, but couldn't get the power to her jaw as it was being forced open by the massive bulk of his tongue. Her body spasmed, trying to reject what was happening and push him away, but he was a rock made of stone and all her efforts only made her use up what oxygen remained in her system quicker.

As his tongue probed deeper inside her, she felt all the stale useless air being sucked out of her chest and before the darkness could become total, she felt it being replaced with the sweet relief of fresh oxygen. Slow and rhythmic, it heave in and out of her lungs. He was breathing for her, somehow pushing and pulling air out of her own lungs like a ventilator does to a patient in a hospital.

Something had also changed in the way he thrust his cock into her. As the panic of almost being suffocated receded and as the new oxygen began to allow her brain analyse the situation a new horror dawned on her. He was thrusting into her, but each time he withdrew to thrust again, all of him stayed inside her. With each thrust he was pushing more of himself into her.

And yet, it was neither uncomfortable or painful. Quite the opposite actually, despite the rational part of her mind that was panicking, another part of her mind was responding to him with animalistic lust. She felt herself opening up to him, willingly taking him in, her mind was screaming to fight it, but her entire body was betraying her with a pleasure she had never consciously felt in her life. But it was strangely familiar, becoming a part of something else, a merging, subsuming.

Though her heart was racing, adrenaline and pleasure slowing down time, she could still feel the long deep breathing that was being pumped into her. After each inhalation her brain would relax a little more indicating that it wasn't just air that was being pumped into her lungs. Something that was making her relax, to accept what was happening and not fight it.

She tried to anyway.

But by this time, it was too late. The pleasure, the relaxing current being injected both into her lungs and nethers usurped all logical fight. Instead of her mind screaming this cannot be happening and someone help me, it now begged to never have it end. Those thoughts which repulsed her she now accepted and allowed them to wash over.

Her hands had long ago stopped trying to push him away now moved up and grabbed him by his hair. Her legs instead of kicking and jerking spasmodically now crossed over each other and pushed each time her thrust into her, welcoming more of him each time. She could even feel his engorged tongue relax as her mouth stopped fighting him and began to accept what he was doing to her.

Later when it was over, she would not be able to recall how long they were like this, or how much of him was left inside her. But a part of her knew, a part of her that she had pushed away, remembered all that had happened in every horrific detail. She knew that he'd left everything inside her.

That she was no longer a she, but a they.