 Frank was unfazed by the heat waves off of Interstate 95. It was mid August and about 110 degrees in the upper state of Georgia. 

He'd rather be in his cab, listing to the southern drawl of country music with the cool air of the air conditioner blowing on him rather than out there. 

He had a easy job and he knew it. It beat sitting in an office, having rich boys telling him what to do, and dealing with all of that damn computer shit. It also beat doing labor, he was a lazy man, he knew it and he wasn't afraid to admit it. Here, on the road, with his rig, he could be lazy and still get paid.

He did get lonely, not in a sentimental way or a 'I miss my wife and kids way' but in a manly way, the kind of way that made him stop at the Interstate Nudey Bars.

He stopped when he had the chance, he disliked going into places like that, not because he felt dirty but because his dick hurt so bad from being so close to all those tight asses and sweet young pussies. There were some places along his route that had a drive threw, one that would allow his rig threw and those were the ones he preferred. 

He could sit in his cab and pull on his thick meat while he watched those young naked girls dance, they'd shake their asses, squat in a way that he could see the pink of their pussy, their inner lips and on some of the girls, their clit. Some would bend over at the waist and he could see that opening that he wished he could stick his prick in.

He loved the long legs, big tits and a baby bald pussy and a lot of these girls had what he was looking for. He didn't care if they were Black, White, Hispanic, Asian, all pussy was hot pussy in his eyes.

Really, this was the ideal job for him, except for the pussy part. He could go home to his third wife of 9 years, sure, if he wanted to hear her bitch about money, or the neighbors or all the bullshit of her life. She was alright in the bed, nothing extraordinary, she got the job done but what he really wanted he knew he'd never get.

He kept a stack of dirty magazines in the glove compartment for when the mood hit him and a nice collection of videos in the back. Not quite the warm body to snuggle up to at night but it did make him sleep better.

He'd hit his destination in about 2 hours, stay the night at a truck stop and then turn around and head on back to Virginia, to his wife Mary in the trailer park.

The sky was clear as could be but he knew it wouldn't last very long, the southern states were prone to mid afternoon thunder showers, sometimes so sudden and so violent that he'd pull of the side of the road and wait it out. He'd seen the truckers who'd brave the sudden rain squalls but not him, he wasn't that brave or that stupid. When he'd see that big wall of heavy hazy rain headed right for him, he'd pull right over, pull his hat down over his eyes, listen to the rain pat on the roof and windows of the rig and snooze. By the time he awake he'd find the sky partly cloudy and puddles of quickly evaporating water scattered on the interstate.

Today the pavement and the trees lining the road took on a dancing appearance, the heat rising off of the pavement in invisible rippling pillars. He knew he had to be careful in these conditions, a car could be a hundred feet in front of him and he'd never know until he was right up their asses.

In the distance he made out a strange form, something that looked like a white tree of sorts, or maybe a road sign that had been hit and was reflecting the sun light oddly.

It wasn't until he passed her that he knew it was actually a girl and not a bent road sign or a tree. He looked in his side view mirrors to see her, it only took him one look before he put on the brakes and pulled off the side of the road.

With the one look he saw a skinny young woman with light brown hair pulled up into a pony tail. She wore the smallest, skin tight pair of white shorts he'd ever seen with a white halter top that exposed her flat, tan midriff. She had a red duffle bag slung over her one shoulder while walking at a steady rate with her left arm sticking out and her thumb extended.

When she saw that he had stopped and pulled off the side of the road she began to jog toward him, which was fantastic to see in the side view mirrors because her huge tan tits bounced freely as she did so.

He didn't know what he was doing, he typically didn't stop for hitch hikers but with this heat...and it was a young woman...and she had huge tits...

She opened the door, "Hey'ya!" It was a southern drawl, she had a cheery, girly voice, like she was still a young teenager.

He looked down at her, that white halter top didn't cover much; it looked like it might have belonged to a ten year old before she wore it. Her skin shimmered with perspiration, and even from here he could smell the tanning oil that she must've been wearing. 

"Where ya headin', darlin'?" he asked, not sounding like a horny, fat, greasy truck driver.

"As far as you can take me," she replied in her high pitched southern drawl.

"South Georgia, OK?" he asked.

"Sure is!" she declared.

"Hop on in, hunny."

She turned around to pick up her duffle bag, bending over at the waist. Those skin tight shorts rode right up that plump ass, exposing the bottom part her ass cheeks. His mouth watered, what a shame she'd never let him stick it in her.

She threw the duffle bag on the floor of the passenger side and climbed in behind it. She put her seat belt on and smiled brightly at him, her bright white teeth a compliment to her full luscious lips and tanned skin. She was a knock out, he was bad at guessing ages but he could tell this one wasn't very old at all, anywhere from 16 to 20 but goddamn was she hot, porn star hot.

As soon as she fastened her seat belt he was headed back on the road, the smell of her tanning oil already infiltrating the cab, "Names Jenny," she said.

"Frank," he nodded to her with a small grin.

"Mighty nice of you to stop," she thanked.

"Not a problem. Young girl like you shouldn't be out there hoofin' it, not in this heat," he told her, even though it was really those tits and legs that made him stop.

"Oh, the heat don't bother me so much, it's the rain that's a real pain. But boy oh boy is it cool in here!" she rubbed her arms with her hands, squeezing those tits together with her arms without noticing she was doing it.

He could see the goose bumps on her arms but what he liked was those little hard nipples that were so clearly noticeable threw her white top. He also noticed that the small triangles that covered her tits were no bigger than a bikini top and he could see the inner half of one of those big round tan mounds.

What he wouldn't do to squeeze one of those, or to nibble on that sensitive peak, he'd give his left nut, that's what he'd do but who was he kidding? It wasn't going to happen.

He suddenly felt very self conscious, he was a 58 year old balding man who wore a 'truckers hat' to hide it, that's who he was. He was only six foot in height and just shy of 300 pounds. He had a long graying beard and mustache, he hadn't showered for 2 days, even though his clothes were clean he knew he had sweat stains on his shirt. He was stout, that's what they called it, he had short, very thick fingers, big hairy forearms, and he'd probably end up with bow legs like his old man. 

He shrugged off the feeling, what did it matter what she thought of him, she'd only be in the cab with him for 2 hours and when she was gone, he could pull out his cock and pull it to thought of her round ass and big perky tits.

She made small talk; how long has he been driving, did he like it, was he married, kids, things like that, he was fine with that, kept his mind off of her jiggling titties every time he hit a pot hole or a bump in the road.

She was quiet for a while and then she bent down to get something out of her duffle bag, at which point he hit a particularly large pot hole which threw her bending form off track, her arm came up and hit the glove compartment, with a sudden flop and sound of paper falling to the floor of the cab all of his dirty magazines came flying out.

"Oh! Oh gawd, I'm sorry, oh, I didn't mean..." she stammered, not even seeing what she was gathering up to put back in the glove compartment.

At the same time he was trying to keep his eyes on the road and mumble excuses and apologies.

She dumped her first armful of magazines into the glove compartment and it wasn't until she gathered up the last few that she actually saw what it was that she was putting away.

"Oh..." she dumped all but the one she held in her hand back into their compartment, "what's this?" she mumbled as if to herself.

He could see that by the cover that it was one of the magazines with barely legal girls with huge jugs. He felt his face grow flush and suddenly felt ashamed.

To his surprise she opened it up and started paging threw it, neither of them said anything, what could he say? She flipped from one end to the other, saying nothing, which could be interrupted as good or bad.

She put the magazine with the others and she looked at her feet, "I guess you get awful lonely out here, huh?"

He nodded, "I do," keeping his eyes on the road. There was nobody but him as far as he could see but he didn't want to make eye contact with this girl, she looked so much like those girls in that magazine.

"And you prolly get awful horny too," she said even quieter. 

He nodded again, not responding vocally, afraid his voice would crack.

He heard her unbuckle her seatbelt and saw her slide the distance that was between them out of the corner of his eye, "You know, I been on the go for a few weeks now, so I sorta understand what your going threw, so if you wanna, you could feel my titties, if you want," she used that quiet girlish southern drawl, "specially for stopping' for me n'all."

He looked over at her, she sat right there next to him, her young face as serious as could be.

"G'on, it's alright, really."

He looked at her again, "'you sure?" his hands were already twitching and he could feel his underused member coming to life.

"I got nothin better t'do, g'right ahead."

Without further prompting, he reached over with his right hand and placed it on her right breast. It was firm and warm, and very big and soft. He began to caress the clothed tit with his palm, feeling the hot underside then running his thick fingers over that little peak under her tight shirt. He moved to the other breast, doing the same to it.

Her nipples were growing in size and not from the cool air on her hot skin. 

"Here, I think this would work a little nicer for both of us."

She pushed aside the small cloth triangles that were cradling those heavy globes of hot flesh. Her nipples were dark pink and very erect. "Do it again, without my shirt in the way."

Again, he reached over and felt her breasts, this time without the confines of the fabric, her skin was soft as silk and those hard little nipples stood out proud. He massaged the mounds, feeling his meat grow in his jeans. He pinched one of those little nubs between this thick stubby fingers and she moaned.

"Oh, that felt good, do it again."

He did it again, pulling on it, then he reached over to the other breast and did it to the other one. She moaned again, he switched from breast to breast, pinching and massaging each one for several minutes. He was in heaven; this long legged, tanned southern bell was letting him feel her up.

"I really appreciate the ride, Frank, so I'm gonna let you slip your hand between my legs for a feel," she spread her legs just enough for him to slip his big hand between her thighs. 

He didn't want to sound ungrateful or that he wasn't enjoying what was happening but he also didn't want to be accused of rape later, "You don't have to do this, really, if you-"

She cut him off, "You'd be doin' me a favor too, Frank... please?"

He didn't wait for another invitation; his hand went right for the good spot. He cupped her clothed pussy, feeling that she was hot, he hoped that she was wet and not wearing any under ware. His finger found the thin piece of fabric that were her shorts, a string practically, that covered her lips, or more properly, were supposed to cover her but due to the fact that her shorts were so tight that one string was nestled between her bald, silky smooth outer lips. 

Her rubbed on those soft outer lips, she sighed heavily, he hoped she liked this as much as he did. He slid two fingers under that cloth and was greeted by wet, silky folds of her inner lips and she did not have any under ware on. She moaned softly, his dick swelled, this hot young thing was enjoying him touching her pussy! 

He pulled that little strip of cloth to the side so he could run his fingers up and down her wet slit, he found her hole easily enough, he didn't stick his fingers in but he did tease it a little, smearing some of her own juices up to her already excited clit.

He was excited to find that she had a nice big clit, it stuck out like a little tongue, he'd never been with a woman who had a clit like this, he liked the feel of it, slick and smooth and easy to find.

"Oh yeah, tease my hole again, yeah, that's it," she cooed. He did as she asked and was greeted with a flood of her hot wetness on his fingers. He dipped in his fingers just far enough to excite but not to penetrate. 

He watched her squeeze her own tits in her hands, she was very wet and wouldn't be surprised if she would leave a nice pussy stain on his seats.

"You got a real nice touch, Frank," she said. She lifted her butt off the seat, his hand falling away as she undid her shorts and slid them down past her sandaled feet, sat back down and lifted the top over her head, "I think you and me both would like it if you got a nice look at my ass, what do you think?" she was completely naked now, except for a pair of strappy sandals.

Frank was thankful that there was no one else on the road because he was having trouble keeping his eyes off this young naked girl next to him, he did however see that they were heading into cloudy sky, it might not be long until they hit rain.

She was tan all over, even her bald shapely mound was tan, when she faced away from him and lifted her ass in the air, doggy style, he could see that all of her was beautifully tanned. 

Her shapely ass was not even two feet from his shoulder, her legs as far apart as they could go on the seats but it was enough for him to see what he wanted.

Her pussy was glistening with her wetness, the folds of her inner lips were a dark pink and her thick juicy clit stuck out of those wet folds, in an almost mocking gesture, it seemed to him. But the opening to her canal was oozing with her juice and at the sight of it his blood engorged prick throbbed. 

He reached up and gave her ass a good squeeze, caressing it and then squeezing it hard again. He could see the inside of her ass cheeks and that puckered little eye staring at him, he only imagined how tight it was, which made his balls tighten in his pants.

He massaged her ass as long as he could before his fingers itched to be soaked in her pussy juice. 

Taking his chance, he stroked the long slit, stopping at her clit to rub his fingers over it, pinch it and pull on it. She groaned when he pulled on her swollen nub, he teased her canal hole again but this time he smeared the wetness to that little puckered eye. She gasped when he did it, he would tease her seeping hole then massage on the little brown eye.

The clouds ahead darkened significantly and he knew it was a sign of some pretty serious rain. He hoped it would hit soon, giving him just cause to stop his rig and really have his way with this hot wet pussy.

"Oh that feels so good," she whispered hoarsely.

"You got a real sweet little pussy, Jenny, and that little clit of yours is so juicy," he told her.

"Oh yeah," she cooed as he pinched it between his slick thumb and index finger, "it likes you Frank, you make it feel real good."

He continued for a few more moments, listening to her moan and coo, his dick hurt so bad but he didn't want to over step his boundaries, and if this was all she was going to give then he wasn't about to turn it away. 

He noticed the big splatters on his windshield first and then saw the big wall off rain that was on a collision course for them. 

"Hold on little girl, I gotta pull off the side here, we're about to hit some nasty rain," he pulled off to the side of the road and turned off his engine, keeping the air running. 

She sat next to him, naked as could be, her big tits heaving with her excited breathing and those dark pink nipples hard and erect.

She smiled shyly at him, "Frank, how'd you like to see my pussy real up close? 'you been treating it awful good and I think it'd like you to see it up close," she said sweetly.

With his heart hammering in his chest and his prick throbbing in his pants he muttered, "I'd more than like that, darlin'."

"Why don't you pull that steering wheel up real high for me," she said.

He did as he was told and before he knew it, that sweet young girl was sliding across his lap and positioning her tight round ass on the bottom round part of the wheel. She put her feet behind his shoulders, her knees bent almost to her waist.

He stared down at her open wet pussy, he could smell her sex. 

"Frank, why don't you spread my lips open and take a real good look at her, she's real pretty, but she's kinda shy some times," she told him.

He was almost too shocked to move, her naked body before him, her big tits staring at him, his dick hurt, he was sure he could cum in his pants without any contact from her.

"Please," she prompted him.

He reached between her legs and with both hands rubbed the inside of her thighs, she was balder than anything he'd ever felt or seen, her legs were smooth and soft and her pussy was the same.

"Don't be shy...would you like to squeeze my tits again, you can if you want," she offered.

He kept his left hand on the inside of her thigh and with his right hand groped at her breasts, he pulled at her little nipples in turn and she moaned in response.

"You got the nicest tits I've ever seen or felt," he told her.

"You make them feel like they're on fire, it makes me so wet."

He could see her face was flushed and her chest and tits were too, he would love to see her cum and hoped she'd let him to it.

After he squeezed her titties for a while he decided it was time to spread open those lower lips and get a good look at that wet cunt.

With the fingertips of both his hands he spread apart her pussy lips, she inhaled sharply and then moaned and could actually see the muscles contract in excitement. She was dripping wet, to the point were her outer lips were even wet and it was sliding down between her ass cheeks.

"Oh yeah, spread me open," she moaned, "see how wet I am? You made me this way, Frank, with those nice big thick fingers, pinching my nipples and rubbing my clit," she whispered throatily. 

"Little girl, you got the hottest, tightest little pussy I ever saw," with his left hand he held her outer lips open, keeping them wide so that he could use his other hand to stroke her, "I wanna make you cum, would you let me do that for ya?"

"Oh yeah, Frank, I'll cum on the steering wheel for you, up close so you can see it real good, is that what you want, do you want that?"

He didn't answer, he had already began pinching her clit then following that little muscle shaft to her opening, he dipped one finger in, just like her teased her, then rubbed it, pressing on it firmly, like it was a knotted muscle.

"Oh gawd, that's amazing," she cried.

He dipped into her pussy several more times, he could tell she was close, her breathing became shallow and the amount of juice that she produced was now making its way down her ass.
