 It was one of the hottest nights of the summer, with the temperatures hovering around 102 degrees Fahrenheit. The whir of the fans whispering a wash of warm air over my already damp body did nothing to cool the inner fire burning within. I toss and turn restlessly, as the rivulets of sweat caress my breasts and the air turns the moisture cooler against the taut peaks of my nipples. A soft breeze through the open window whispers through the room, billowing the curtains and further tantalizing my naked form. 

I cannot distinguish between dreams and reality as I am unable to fall into a deep sleep. I have visions of a man with piercing blue eyes, long flowing black hair, and skin that doesn't seem to have seen sunlight in many years. This does not detract from the sensuous curve of his scarlet red lips that are whispering ever so softly in a language I have never heard before. The vibrations of his words begin to send shivers down my spine to pool and become a fire like I have never felt before. As if his lips were vibrating a cadence against the very core of my womanhood, my pulse begins to quicken and the first whimpers of pleasure pass through my lips. The dialect begins to change and I can hear him calling to me to invite him into my room. 

"Who are you" I ask.

"I am the man of your dreams" he chuckles "Let me in and I will show you passion that you have never known could exist in this realm." 

I tell him that he may enter and in a rush of cool air he is beside me at once. 

"What is your name?" I gasp. 

Again he chuckles with a sensual laugh that seems to run unseen fingers all over my body touching it like it was a living thing. 

"My name is unimportant little vixen. The heights of pleasure that I am about to give you will make you eager to do as I bid." 

I find my breath enough to retort "I am not an inexperienced twit. No man is ever as good as he talks." 

"If I deliver what I promise, do we have a deal that you will do as I ask afterwards without hesitation?" he asks. 

He looks deeply into my eyes and I feel as though I can see a blue fire burning around the midnight black of his pupils. 

As I stare into his eyes I find myself whispering "yes it's a deal". Witch has deep chuckle I can already feel the moisture beginning to pool between the lips of my now very swollen pussy.

"Then let us begin"

I am bound by his gaze unable to move as he slowly takes off his cloak and removes long strands of silk cording from his pockets. He proceeds to softly bind my hands together above my head, attaching them to the headboard in such as way as to allow me to be on my back or stomach. He then quickly and unexpectedly flips me onto my stomach in one fluid movement that I emit a small scream. 

"Oh yes my pet that is only one of many screams I will hear from you this night" he laughs. 

He then balls his fist into my hair roughly pulling my neck to the side at a harsh angle exposing my neck and the rapid pulse that beats frantically just beneath the surface. He uses his tongue to lightly trace down the curve of my neck until his mouth rests just above the pulsation and proceeds to draw the skin into his mouth biting me. As I feel the pressure of his fangs against my tender flesh, I begin to struggle beneath him trying to buck him off me. For this I am rewarded with him withdrawing from my neck only to receive a serious of open handed blows across my ass.

"You will be punished every time you disobey me" he tells me between spanks. 

Tears start to form in my eyes as I cry out from the pain and burning flesh that 

is being assaulted by his hand. He then uses his hand to caress and pinch the tender flesh drawing more sobs from me. In my humiliation, I begin to realize that I am now very wet and on the verge of an orgasm. He has realized this also and uses his long fingers to delve into the cleft between my legs stroking my clit and swirling the tips into my canal. I moan in pleasure and he laughs and abruptly removes his hands and steps away from the bed. I turn to look at him and watch in rapture as he begins to unbutton his shirt revealing a finely muscled chest. He watches my face as he unbuckles his belt and smiles. 

"The first time you have disobeyed me kitten, I punished you with my hands. The next time I will use this belt across that fine ass of yours." 

I beg him not to punish me anymore and I promise to behave. Again he laughs and says 

"You will disobey me again and I will make sure that you do as I can tell you enjoy the punishment that you receive." 

He removes his leather belt and runs his hand over the bulging front of his pants. I begin to breathe heavily as he unzips his pants and begins a slow sensuous strip tease that ends up with his pants in a pile on the floor. I feel a fresh flood of moisture in my pussy as I stare at his cock. It is enormous!! I have never seen a cock that big in my life and begin to worry as it is not just as long as his forearm but also almost as thick. I manage to sputter 

"Oh no way!! Deal is off there is no way you are putting that fucking thing inside of me anywhere!!" 

I struggle against my bonds trying to free myself and get as far away from his as possible. At this I hear the whisper of the belt in the air seconds before it contacts my already bruised flesh. I yelp in pain and continue to struggle. Lash after lash across my ass and upper thighs, he continues the blows until I am too weak to move. He uses that moment to roughly flip me onto my back and sits on top of me, crushing my hips and grinding them into the rough cotton sheets beneath me. I let out a scream and he uses the opportunity to capture my mouth with his, plunging his tongue deep into my throat. He licks my lips and turns the kiss into a passionate caress and I find myself responding back, suckling on his tongue when it enters my mouth. He pulls back and gazes down at me with a smile that promises more deliciously evil things to come. 

He then turns his attention to my jutting breasts, running his hands over them ignoring my hardened nipples. I moan as he lightly brushes across them and begins to caress the taut peaks. He works them with deft fingers, gently rolling and twisting them. Through half closed eyes I see the evil grin seconds before he captures them between his fingers and pinches hard pulling them upwards. I cry out as the orgasm washes through my betraying body. 

He replaces his one hand with his mouth suckling on my breast drawing the nipple in and out of his mouth between the sharp points of his fangs while continuing the assault with his hand on the other breast. I feel the stirrings of another orgasm beginning to build as he switches breasts. Just before I reach the edge he stops, and uses his tongue to trace the beads of sweat down my stomach to my waiting pussy.

Here he stops and inhales the scent of my arousal and his eyes blaze blue with no hint of a pupil. With a groan, he uses his hand to part my lips and reveals the already hard clit jutting out from under its hood. 

"So beautiful" he murmurs. 

Using his long tongue he begins to trace circles around my clit running his tongue up and down licking the abundance of juices off my skin. I begin to moan and try and shift his position to focus on my clit which is screaming for attention. At this his stops and delivers a hard smack across my clit propelling me over the edge and leaving me floating in the clouds of the most intense orgasm I have ever felt. I come to with a sob and a promise that if I move again, the next time it will be the belt across my clit. I lie very still awaiting his next move. 

He crawls up the bed and positions himself beside me. Grabbing my hair cruelly, he maneuvers his massive cock to my mouth. I purse my lips together moving my head from side to side, trying to prevent his cock from penetrating my mouth. Whack! He swings his open hand across my face causing my jaw to drop as I stare at him in astonishment. With one swift stroke he buries his cock deep into the back of my throat causing my gag reflex to respond and draws back out leaving me to cough and gasp.

"You have not learned anything from me" he says. "We can do this the easy way or hard your choice. Either way you will use those luscious lips of yours to suck on my cock." 

I swallow roughly and slowly open my mouth and allow him to enter. This time he moves slowly and gently guiding his girth between my obscenely stretched lips. He begins to pump his cock in and out and deepens his thrusts with each stroke. Soon he has both hands wrapped in my hair and is fucking my mouth with abandon. With each deep thrust I struggle to get air on the out strokes and am on the verge of passing out from lack of oxygen. He begins to moan deep in his throat and whispers words of encouragement softly to me. He runs his hand across my breast teasing the already sore nipple and down past my stomach and buries his finger suddenly into my moist and tight pussy. He manages to pull out of my mouth in time for me to scream through yet another orgasm.

He then uses his fingers first one then two to furiously fuck me. He finds my g-spot and begins to use the friction to rub back and forth across that sweet spot sending my body rushing towards release. My whole body bucks and shakes under the onslaught and I begin screaming wordlessly. He withdraws his hand and quickly moves down my body and positions his cock at my entrance. 

"Beg me" he says. 

I am beyond worry at this point and begin to beg.

"Please, oh please fuck me with that big cock. I need you buried deep inside me!!" 

I let out a cry as he begins to push his way inside of me. 

"So wet yet so tight" he sighs. 

He begins a little dance with his hips rolling them in circles and side to side, while forcing his way into my unrelenting pussy. I scream as he finally reaches the end of me and his cock brushes against my cervix. The walls of my pussy suck at him as he begins to withdraw only to shove his cock back in harder and faster than before. He grabs a hold of my hips, digging his fingers into my skin bruising the flesh as he pounds into my body over and over. 

The waves of orgasm flow over my body where one starts and ends, I cannot tell. Without stopping his thrusts he turns me over and places me on my knees and using my hair as a handle he draws my head back sharply. Relentless in his poundings, I am hoarse from screaming and am reduced to whimpering. With a roar he buries himself deep inside of me and I can feel his release spurting against my cervix, burning the abused tissue. He crumples on top of me as I pass out from exertion.

I come to from the feel of a cold wet wash cloth across my ravished pussy. He has untied my hands and they lie limply at my side. My eyes flutter open and slowly the world comes back into focus. 

"Have I kept my end of the bargain?" he asks. 

My throat is to sore from screaming and being rubbed raw by his cock to respond. I slowly shake my head in affirmation. 

"Then my wish is for you to be my willing blood donor every night in return for pleasuring your body as I have done tonight." 

As I lie there considering my reply, he reminds me of the price for disobedience by grabbing my nipple and twisting. My body is too sated to respond and all I can do is moan and shake my head yes. In difference to his rough love making he gently takes my head into his hands and sinks his fangs into my now willing flesh and begins to feed. 

I awoke in the morning thinking that all this had been a dream. My body was too sore for it not to have been real. I turn over and look upon my pillow to find a red rose with a note that said "Until tonight kitten" I eagerly look forward to nightfall and begin to think of ways I can disobey my master.