 Part One - The Obsidian Realm:

Centuries ago...

Her heart had been ripped out.

Tali looked at the gore covered bed where the remains of her daughter Ralia lay, face set in a grimace, a ruptured hole where the organ had been removed. The man she had been sleeping with at the time crouched in the corner, rocking back and forth and weeping. He was a Lullubi warrior, it was no small thing to reduce him to such a state.

The culprit sat on the bed beside the corpse, tossing the heart up and down casually. 

Other armed warriors, the finest of the tribe, surrounded the high priestess. With a flick of her fingers she could set them on the murderer. But she held back, for this was no simple madwoman. 

No, but she was a madwoman nonetheless.

Tali took in the blood spattered woman, the crimson against her unusually pale skin artistic in a way. She was small and thin, with pale hair hanging loosely. She was, unsurprisingly, naked. Tali had been informed that she had announced herself as a priestess of Lillake, their kind saw clothing as abhorrent. Prostitution is their way and their only goal, often to the destruction of everything around them. The mighty city of Akkad had recently discovered this. "I have no desire to sleep with you or be like you, so you are no Ardat-Lili, just another kar-kid."

The nymph shrugged, "She will notice me and grant me her gift soon enough."

"Why did you kill my daughter." An agony swelled in Tali, a desire to kill the mad priestess herself flooded her, but with a restraint that came from being high priestess, she held back, "The Gutians are hunting all of Silili's followers down I hear, if you seek shelter here you just lost any chance of negotiation."

"Oh come now." The naked woman looked intently at the heart rather than Tali, "I hear you have two other daughters, not ten though, just two. That should be plenty for one who has failed the prophecy. Besides, this woman's aspirations to replace you as high priestess would have been fruitless. She would never have born a son."

Tali bit her tongue. Ralia had been determined to get pregnant and bear a son. A condition for being high priestess was to do as such, raise them, then take them as a lover. Just as their dead goddess had done. If they managed to bear eleven offspring from that union, it is said they would be their goddess returned and the offspring mighty generals to help conquer the world. That they practiced such incest and worshipped the goddess that had fought against the more popular pantheon made the Lullubi tribe something of an outcast group in the empire. "You are of no use to me semen worshipper, your goddess may be the daughter of our own, but her answer to everything is lust. We are not so narrow in our views."

"I'm also a B훮r청tu you know." The woman grinned, giving the title of one who tears entrails out of living things and reads them. "I saw this woman performing what was a pathetic excuse for fucking and tried to offer my copious experience to help. She proved to be rude. I needed answers, she irked me, it seemed like the perfect match."

Tali blinked, "The B훮r청tu claim the heart is the least useful organ for their readings..."

"They are fools!" the woman snapped, then grinned, "It tells much more than the liver. It says, for instance, that you will fulfil the prophecy...through lust."

The high priestess of the Lullubi tribe laughed, "I cannot bear anymore children, though my son has certainly tried." A few chuckles rang out around her from the warriors.

The woman just smiled, continuing to admire the steaming heart.

"What is your name?" Tali asked.

At last the woman looked straight into Tali's eyes, a connection forming between them, "Nimeth."

******

Present...

"Thank you for receiving me priestess." Salicia said as she walked beside the immortal high priestess of the Lullubi tribe within the cellar, an eye on her strange wine rack. 

"Oh not at all, faithful one. I will always make time for those who seek the tribe's wellbeing." A whimper as the priestess Tali pulled out a bottle, eyed the sticky label, then tutted and slid it back in. The wine holder gasped as the bottle was effortlessly forced back into her. Together they continued down the line, each bottle held within the orifice of a person Tali had enslaved, mostly those who had failed her.

She eyed one they passed by without comment, for she only held the cheaper wines. Salicia stifled her emotions, for she was her sister by blood as well as faith. They had grown up together, played together, even slept together as lovers. Salicia half wondered if this would be her fate.

Not tonight it won't be, she brought big news.

"Ah, here it is." Tali pulled out another bottle, "A cru wine, most excellent, though I do miss the harsher beverages of my lost homeland." With a click of her fingers another slave ran forwards bearing an opener and two glasses. As the slave set to Tali bore down of Salicia with her bright eyes, "So what brings you here, faithful one?"

Salicia could not help but tremble slightly under the weight of that ageless gaze, Tali was from a time when cruelty was common place, when the atrocities of today were but the necessities of rule back then. She knew and could do things Salicia could not begin to fathom or comprehend, "Nimeth has left this world, she submitted to her goddess' call."

Handing Salicia a glass then swirling her own, Tali sighed, "She lasted longer than most Ardat-Lili, I thought she would stayed anchored to this world forever. Such was her the strength of her ambitions. Is that all?"

"No, priestess." Salicia felt her palms grow sweaty, she had to be careful not to spill her wine, "She was... encouraged... to leave personally by her goddess during her attempts to learn the secret of creating Irdu-Lili. The Ardat-Lili named Kilili went to his rescue after leaving this world. She returned from her goddess' realm priestess!"

Tali went statue still, "An ardat-lili came back?"

"According to my sources she is no longer ardat-lili. She has become a lilitu."

Tali scoffed, "It does not work like that. Lilitu were never human to begin with, no, Kilili is no true lilitu. At most she is a cross between the two. Still, this is intriguing."

"There is more." Salicia felt her heart beat faster, "Her goddess spoke through her and announced her as the 'End of All Flesh.'"

Tali dropped her glass, send fragments and wine sprawling across the marble floor, "To whom did she announce it?"

"To Nimeth before she pulled her to her realm they say."

"No." Tali said, looking upwards, lost in thought, "She was announcing it to your spies so it would reach me. The announcement was for me."

Salicia felt the tremendous gaze fall back on her again, only with a fire that she had never seen in her priestess before, "Nimeth was never to be the chosen one, it was Kilili. She will bring about the end of all things. Bring me Kilili!"

******

As usual she entered through the window, a naked spectre silhouetted by the moonlight. Smiling, she came towards me as I lay in my bed, ever waiting for her. Just as she planted one knee upon the mattress, I caught sight of the splash of semen across her breasts just before it was fully absorbed into her body. 

There was a time when seeing it would have bothered me. To know that she was sleeping with countless men each night before coming to spend time with me was once torturous. But I had long since adapted, such feelings were for mortals, not our kind. She cold no more cease her proclivities than a human could stop eating and drinking, it was the same for me, though unlike I her I did not revel in it.

For she is ardat-lili and I Irdu-Lili, or better known in this day and age as succubus and incubus. Creatures of nightmare that fill the minds of mortals with terrible lust as we feed from them. Kilili was as much my mentor as my lover, the one who made me what I am, for she was centuries old, hailing from Sumerian civilisation, whilst I was barely in my thirties. However, age ceases to become a concern when death is no longer an issue.

For our kind do not die, something far worse inevitably happens to us. I had seen it happen to Kilili, who had somehow returned, and I had seen it happen to Nimeth. Sooner or later, my turn will come I am sure. Perhaps sooner than I hoped. 

As Kilili straddled me, drunk on semen and her recent antics, she clawed my chest playfully and reached to take my member inside her. She paused when she saw my look, "What is it, sweet one?"

I bit my lip, wondering if I should answer and ruin the moment, "The nightmares are getting worse." I awaited the usual response. That I am not feeding enough, that I need to let go of my morals and satiate my needs as an Irdu-Lili more. I still could not bring myself to do so, for our very presence has an effect on mortals, particularly if we feed on them. It causes their darkest and most suppressed lusts to rise and attempt to break free. I had seen the effect Kilili had on those who had been around her for too long, crazed nymphomaniacs for whom no depravity was too far.

She said nothing, instead lying beside me and holding me silently.

That was unexpected, it was my time to give the same question to her, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." She breathed, her body against mine stirring me like no other can.

"It's not nothing, you are usually lecturing me, telling me to get out there more. Tell me, what's wrong."

She was quiet for a long time before answering, "For the past few days, I have sensed something stalking me. I know not what it is, and when I have tried to pursue it myself it has proven incredibly elusive. Be careful when you go out Levant, whatever it is may have an eye on you also."

My stomach knotted in worry, more for her than myself. Although I had not seen anything unnatural since our conflict with Nimeth, I had learned from Kilili that there are all manner of fantastical horrors out there hidden from mortal eyes. Apparently those that could be a match for an Ardat-Lili are far and few between, but such creatures did exist. I focused on my enhanced senses now, but made out nothing that seemed odd, "What could it want?" A thought struck me, "Is it something to do with you being something more than an ardat-lili now?"

I had almost forgotten, when Kilili had returned from that depraved and insane realm where our mother goddess rules she had declared herself some grandiose title. I had to take a moment to recollect it, "What was it you said, or She said through you? You are the End of..."

"Bah, trifles, trifles!" Quickly Kilili was on top of me again, then pressed her lips against mine. As ever she was closed lipped about the implications of that night, as she was about many things regarding our nature and lore. Still, her lips drowned my worry and I was soon lost in the perfection that is her.

******

On an onyx plain under an abysmal sky, I spotted something white against the backdrop of obsidian mountains. I scented her before I saw her, and salivated at the prospect of feasting. 

I tense my elongated limbs, dig my talons into the black soil, and pounce. My kin see where I head and howl in delight behind me. My featureless face splits into a wide and befanged grin dripping saliva. Within a few bounds I cover the several miles to her, she sees me and tries to flee, but it is useless. Our mother is done with her now, she agreed to the price and must pay it.

She must spend eternity as our toy now.

I am upon her, sending her sprawling to the ground. She gasps in a mix of fear and delight, for such are the ardat-lili who end up here, forever tormented by their need to be here as our playthings whilst at the same time seeking escape. I spin her round and grab her breasts hard, her pretty mouth opens in and ecstatic moan. My jet black member grows, the scent of her terrified arousal intoxicating. I plunge it into her and through her, stirring her insides. A mortal woman would be killed instantly, but no such release for her kind. She would forever be lost to the pleasure and pain of this realm, no boundary between the two exists here. I hear the rest of my kin whooping as they catch up behind. They will take their turn after me, or gather round and put her other holes to use.

A dim memory (Memory? What's a memory?), comes to me. I recall a woman like this one, immortal and a servant of our mother. I recall serving such a one, even loving such a one. She had a name, I had a name. A name. I was not what I am now. 

She was Kilili.

I was Levant.

I look down at the ardat-lili, who was laughing and screaming at the same time, realised this was once to be Kilili's fate and felt a sickening horror arise in me.

Like a stomach churning at something rotten, the world spins, and I am projected from it.

******

I sat bolt upright as I awaken, panting.

That had been the most real nightmare yet. I raised my hands before me and inspected them. Always after the nightmares my body felt strange. I cannot explain it exactly. It somehow felt light, less anchored to this world. It terrified me, I am already being hearkened to that world? I thought I would be here for as long as Kilili remained, but perhaps not. I looked over to her.

She lay wide awake. Our kind only sleep a few minutes every few days, during which we glimpse the world we are to be brought to eventually. I was certain my own was different however. I was not just glimpsing that world, I was in it, as something completely alien to who I am now. "I am going to go feed, whatever it takes to stop these nightmares."

Kilili sat up and kissed my cheek, "Yes, I am sure it will help." Not for the first time I sensed the uncertainty in her tone. 

I stood, swayed, and steadied myself, my body feeling unreal. I awkwardly got dressed and made my way out into the city. I used my senses to scent minds of the various women slumbering, considered their various lusts and fantasies they deny event o themselves, before finally settling on one who mind seemed strong enough to endure my presence for a time. As effortlessly as smoke, I rose and entered her home to feed. She lay in her bed, the entire room stank of loneliness, tonight at least I could allay that a little.

It was raining by the time I left. I paused in the street to feel the cool drops against my face, pretending it could wash away what I had just done to sustain myself. Her mind did not break as I had hoped, but it would forever be tainted by me, her darker self would forever be that much closer to her, her light dimmed for the rest of her days. It seemed so cruel, to sustain myself I must do such things, yet what is the purpose of Irdu-Lili? Merely to serve as vassals to their ardat-lili masters, or, thankfully in this case, as lovers. What then is the purpose of ardat-lili? Kilili knew, I am certain, but she refused to reveal it to me.

I held out my hands, feeding had made me feel no better. My body still felt... imaginary. Truly and cannot find the word for it. I simply did not feel real. I watched the droplets slowly gather in my palms, enjoyed the sensation of the water running in rivulets through my drenched attire. I tried to make myself feel grounded to this reality.

"You are Levant, no?"

I turned, surprised someone could get so close to me without me sensing them. A woman, wearing a long coat, hood raised against the downpour, stood regarding me. My immediate instinct was to seduce and feed, but I swiftly held myself in check, "Who are you?"

"I seek Kilili, but she has been difficult to contact. Could you take me to her?" 

Alarm bells rang in my head as I recalled Kilili's warning. Just who and what is this person that can elude my immortal senses so? I stepped back, "Forgive me but I cannot do that." I thought quickly, "I know not her whereabouts myself currently."

"I see." The woman's face betrayed nothing. She looked to a dark alleyway and called out in a language unknown to me.

The most inhuman shriek I had ever heard resounded throughout the city. A creature unlike anything I had seen before stalked out. It towered over the both of us, its bestial face snarling at me. The stench of its matted fur was overpowering, again I could not believe such a thing could be so close without me realising. The woman spoke again, "Please take me to her, I do not wish to have the Lahmu apprehend you."

I turned tail and fled, fuelled by fear, I was certainly not leading that thing to Kilili. I sprinted at inhuman speed, taking sharp turns down streets and alleys in my effort to lose the creature. I could hear its shriek behind me, how long before startled mortals see the monster and call for the authorities? Surely the woman would have to retreat then. In the meantime I had to avoid capture. 

I fled, leaping over garbage cans, fences, stone blocks, even homeless people with dexterity unmatched by the best human athlete. I ran across road, weaving through traffic, ran up walls, across rooftops. 

I was making my way down another narrow alley, when I halted. At the other end was the woman, the lahmu monster standing behind her. They did not even seem exerted by the chase they must have given. I turned to run back the way I came, but felt my heart skip a beat when I saw another lahmu skulking towards me from that direction. I considered upwards, to find winged creatures with lion bodies and human heads sewn together, watching me with evil grins. I looked back at the woman, "What are these things? What are you?"

The woman made no expression, "I am priestess Salicia, servant of the murdered goddess. I will ask one more time, slave of the semen drinkers, take me to you mistress. As a harlot priestess of Lillake she must know it is her duty."

I could only shake my head, flinging rain drops about me, "That made not a whit of sense to me. Either way, I am taking you nowhere."

"As you desire it, slave." With a nigh imperceptible nod, the two lahmu howled and dashed toward me.

I got ready. I was no fighter, I knew not a thing with regards to martial arts. But I possessed a strength and endurance gifted to my kind, one I hoped was not gifted to these monsters. I hoped that would outweigh my cluelessness.

It did not. 

I swung a fist at the nearest one, it gripped my arm and yanked brutally. I felt my should nearly come out of its socket. Then the other was on me, wrapping its huge, hairy arms tightly about my torso, breaking several ribs with a loud crack. Ardat-Lili are immortal, they can be hacked to pieces and they would regenerate in time. Death simply does not apply to them. Does that durability extend to their lesser Irdu-Lili counterparts? I had no idea, and was terrified of finding out. I screamed as I felt my insides compressed, surrendering the air that was in my lungs. My mind was a scurry of panic induced thoughts, steadied only when an image of a colourless world came to the fore.

I fell through the lahmu, as though I were nothing but an apparition.

Confused, the two lahmu rounded on me, snarled, and launched themselves. But it was like grabbing at mist, their hands went straight through me. I stood there as my body healed itself, every bit as puzzled as they. They only stopped in their efforts when Salicia called them back with an ancient word. 

"How fortunate. When you leave this realm, assure your whore goddess that we will see her mother restored. Whether her priestess wills it or not." She turned and walked out of view, the lahmu gave me a murderous look before following suit. The lion/men hybrid creatures squawked and flew away. I was left alone there, wondering at the literal nothing I had become.

I looked up, trying to feel the rain again my face, but there was no sensation there. I held out my hands, and felt panic arise as the drops fell through them. I closed my eyes, breathed deeply, and focussed. I pictured the feel of rain splashing against my skin, the chill of my damp clothes against my skin, the taste of the damp storm air. Slowly, it came back to me. I dared open my eyes, and gave a relieved laugh when I saw the water pooling in my hands.
