 Part Two - Ensnaring The End of All Flesh

Centuries ago...

It was a shame Nimeth served Lillake rather than her own. Despite being the murderer of her daughter, Tali had grown close to Nimeth over the weeks. Her advice and counsel, whilst not always agreeable, proved sound. The main difficulty was dragging her from the bedchamber long enough to offer it. From her Tali learned how Silili had used her inhuman abilities to bring down the mighty Akkad and gift it to their rival tribe the Gutians. She had also learned how the Gutian Ensi was murdered soon after, causing them to fragment and fight amongst themselves, the only common agreement being the hunting down of all those who followed Silili's teachings.

"Silili," Nimeth sighed with a yearning whisper as she looked out the window, "Disappeared, taken to Her realm no doubt. That was all she wanted or cared about you know. To be fucked and fucked and fucked. Well her wish has no doubt come true now. I, on the other hand, have more ambition than her."

"Could that ambition not be what's preventing you from becoming Ardat-Lili?" Tali asked, "It seems to me you have to surrender everything about yourself in the name of harlotry before Lillake will even deign to notice you, let alone boon or curse you with the change."

"That is why I will change!" Nimeth said determinedly, "I am not only going to sacrifice everything of myself, but a whole kingdom too. Once immortal, I will create an empire in her name. Imagine it, an empire where Lillake is the patron goddess, where prostitution is religion."

Tali did not consider herself and expert on the murdered goddess' daughter, but if history showed anything it's that LIllake loathed kingdoms and destroyed any form of order surrounding them. "With you as its ruler?"

Nimeth went quiet at that. Then she moaned and allowed her fingers to slide between her legs.

Curious, Tali joined her at the window to see a row of executions taking place. Her son, who was now chieftain of the tribe, was stirring the people to attack the Gutians and claim Akkad for their own. Head after head rolled as the captured Gutians kneeled and bowed in defeat. "Can I tell you something Tali." Nimeth said conspiratorially.

Tali stayed quiet, letting Nimeth judge for herself if she can or not. She spoke, "Death turns me o like nothing else. Not just any death, my death. I look down there and imaging my head leaving my body. I see a burning and imaging myself in the flames. I do not know why, but the thought of meeting a brutal end makes me wet like nothing else."

Covering her disgust, Tali at last saw why Nimeth followed Silili. She took Nimeth's wan face in her hands, locking eyes with her, "That is why Lillake will take note of you, not because of your ambition, but because you are broken. She craves beings that are as damaged as she."

******

Present...

Salicia looked up at her sister, hanging from the ceiling by her breasts, mixed emotions running through her.

She wanted to get her down so they could run together, whilst at the same time accepted Severia's fate as a consequence of displeasing their high priestess. It would do no good to get her down anyway, her mind was completely gone, Severia was no longer there above her, just another plaything for the high priestess. Taking a deep breath, Salicia looked about the room, where men and women hung from the ceiling as grotesque decorations. What mainly drew her attention, however, were the empty set of hooks beside her sister.

So that's how it is, she thought. From an unknown source the breeze caused the hooks to jingle, she found it oddly soothing.

"Sister Salicia. You have news?"

Salicia spun round to see high priestess Tali enter, her most trusted acolytes in tow. Seeing the deathless woman advance toward her, Salicia nerves began to fail on her. "W,we are still in pursuit mistress. Kilili is being elusive, she appears then disappears into large crowds, causing us to run in circles."

Leaving her aides behind, Tali moved closer to Salicia, "Then send our servants into the crowds, mow them down if you have to. Undress."

Salicia trembled at being so close, "High Priestess?"

"Do it." Tali gave a nod behind her, one of the acolytes turned one of the many cranks around the wall, causing the empty hooks to descend.

Accepting of her fate, Salicia did as bidden and stood naked, ready to end the same way as her sister. Tali took hold of one of her breasts and brushed the hook gently across the nipple, "The End of Flesh has arrived sister. There is no need for secrecy anymore, let the blind scream as their eyes are opened to the true rulers of this world. They will be silenced soon enough."

As Salicia felt the hook begin to press against her, she spoke quickly, "I thought to capture her Irdu-Lili, she has a deep affection for him. So we could use him as bait. But he is already starting to leave this realm."

Tali frowned, "Deep affection? Ardat-Lili are incapable of love, sister, they represent lust and lust alone."

"Not this one. I have watched her and Levant for a long time. This is no Ardat-Lili creating a throng of Irdu-Lili slaves. This is a couple, with a relationship."

"Preposterous! Such a thing goes against everything their goddess stands for." Tali thought for a moment, then the hook fell away, spinning. "How I miss Nimeth, the things she'd have me do to her..." Tali focused and glared at Salicia, "Your report intrigues me, Salicia. I will forgo your punishment for now. If what you say proves true or enlightening, I will even let you be tortured together with your blood sister."

Face pale, Salicia bowed, "Thank you high priestess."

Tali regarded her acolytes, "The Lullubi will rise as they always should have. Gather our servants, I will lead this hunt myself."

******

A hooker entered the bookstore, fishnet tights and miniskirt announcing her trade.

Leaning back against the chair by the till, I sensed her body respond to my presence, scented her arousal. She was experienced with being near such creatures however, "Ester, thanks for coming."

Ester was Kilili's victim/friend. When Kilili owned her own brothel, Ester had been one of the most ardent workers there. She was a victim because she suffered the symptoms of being in the presence of an Ardat-Lili for an extended period of time. She was a desperate nymphomaniac with hopes of becoming Ardat-Lili herself one day if she worked her profession well enough. Even when Kilili burned down the brothel in a fit of fury Ester continued on her demented path. But she was also a Kilili's friend because, now and again, I fancied I glimpsed the Ester from before Kilili's influence. That Ester was wise beyond her years, offering both Kilili and myself advice at times that help us through troubled times. Troubled times like now.

"I swear, Levant." Ester said, scowling through her foundation, "I am fully booked and can hardly spare the time. If you have dragged me here just to convince me again to..."

"Kilili's missing." I cut in. It was true, I had frequently attempted Ester to quit her profession and come work at the store, a part of me hoped there was some way to save those who we damaged. Unfortunately Ester had no interest in being fixed.

Ester sighed and seated herself on a table covered with the current bestsellers, "Fallen out again?"

I explained everything to her as best I could. The nightmares, the changes, my encounter with those beasts and the sombre woman who led them, I left nothing out. I also added how I had spent the past few days trying to find Kilili. She had not returned to the store and I could not detect her presence anywhere. When I finished, Ester looked downwards, deep in thought.

"Kilili is mad about you." Ester said at last, "Either she will come to you eventually or she is staying away to protect you. I know not how but you must find her. As for your changes," She rose and stretched, her breasts pressing against her thin top, "You are Kilili's anchor, you are what brought her back to this reality. It sounds to me like she needs to anchor you now. Go find her Levant, even if it means tearing this city apart brick by brick."

I smiled, her words encouraging me, "Who was the Ester before Kilili met her? She sounds like a wise woman."

"She is long gone so stop trying to meet her. There is comfort to be had in insanity, Levant, don't deprive me of that." Ester reached and pulled down her thong.

"What are you doing?"

"You're white as a sheet, you need to feed, Levant, and I'm already fully mad so you can do so without your beloved guilt. Plus I could do with an Irdu-Lili's seed to keep me horny. Besides, these are damp now thanks to you anyway." She flicked them away and advanced toward me.

******

"Where are you Kilili." I ask the stars above, cold as ever they keep their secrets to themselves.

I stood under the tree where Kilili and I had first made love, shortly after my transformation. I had spent several days searching the city far and wide, but had no luck in even sensing her, let alone seeing her. I began to think she had left the city altogether, something that caused me great anguish, for I could not begin to guess where beyond here she would go. At a loss, I found myself drifting back to the spot where it had begun. I half hoped that she would be there, leaning casually against the trunk, flashing me a mischievous smile with a beckoning finger. But there was only me, alone.

"Good evening."

Jumping out of my skin, I round on the stranger who had crept up. "Who are you?" I snap, before realising he had managed to sneak up on me without alerting my senses. Cautiously I stepped back, "Or should I say 'What are you?'"

"I am...a monster." He was a deathly pale man dressed in severely black attire. From his look and unusual accent it was clear he was not from this land. "Much like you."

"What do you want, sir monster?" 

"The one you seek, Kilili." He spread his gloved hands, "I can give you her location."

My heart leapt, but I restrained myself, untrusting, "And why would you do that?"

The stranger gave a humourless smile, "Let's just say her wellbeing concerns me also. Besides, have you a better lead?"

I ground my teeth, unable to deny it, "Very well, what is your name?" It was not out of courtesy that I asked, Kilili taught me that to have someone's name was to have a channel for various hexes and curses should the need arise. Few creatures from beyond this realm, or half out of it at least, would give their name easily.

The stranger shrugged, "Anubanini." He then pointed in the distance, "Kilili is heading for a nightclub known as Veil."

"I know it." Kilili and myself had fed from the drunken clientele there several times.

"Then hurry, her pursuers are close behind and shall soon entrap her there."

I needed no further encouragement upon hearing that, faster than mortal could ever run, I was off.

******

Kilili strode through the dancing crowd, coloured lights flashing, music booming.

The bouncers did nothing to stop a naked woman walking into the club, captivated as they were. Many dancers faltered and goggled at her, her sight and aura would no doubt cause many of the people here to get lucky tonight. Assuming they survive.

She had tried every charm, invocation and potion she knew to try and mask her aura, but it was simply too strong. It had been enough to hide from Levant, thankfully, she could not keep him safe from these people. She was not certain she could keep herself safe from them. Her best hope was to keep mingling in crowded areas so that the Lullubi would have to keep their distance to maintain their secrecy.

When Kilili made out the silhouettes of monsters at all the exits, she realised too late that the Lullubi were beyond secrecy now. The End of All Flesh was here, nothing in this world matters anymore. Not even the lives of the drunken revellers in this room. 

The music abruptly stopped, strobe lights ceased and the mundane white lights glared on. Angry complaints echoed throughout the building, quieting down to frightened whispers when lion bodies with men's head grafted upon them appeared at all the doorways. Kilili recognised the ancient lamassu, once priests who surrendered their bodies to serve as mighty guardians. She had thought the art of creating such abominations lost to the ages, yet it seemed someone had kept the practice alive. 

"Ah, the End of All Flesh, you are a difficult woman to contact."

Kilili looked up at the mezzanine overlooking the dancefloor, where stood a woman in a temple garb, a garb nostalgic of ancient times. Kilili clapped her ahnds, "Oh I just love what you are wearing, you simply must tell me where you got it."

The woman gave a throaty chuckle, "I would, but I know your kind care little for fashion, or decency for that matter."

Kilili scented the woman, and felt her smile broaden, "Don't you mean 'our' kind?"

That truth struck home. The woman's face turned apoplectic, "I am Tali, high priestess of the Lullubi and a daughter of the murdered goddess. Do not confuse me as one of Lillake's servants." She gripped the railing, "Why do you avoid us? It is your own goddess' will that you aid us. Have you turned traitor?"

"Never." Kilili shot back, "I serve as intended, the semen flows to her through me sufficiently."

"Do not play the fool. You know you were sent back as something more. You are the key to freeing us from walking upon this corpse as fragments. Come so we can begin, cease this silly cat and mouse game."

Laughing, Kilili spun, "Oh but I do love a chase. Besides, I am rather fond of waling on this corpse as a fragment. You should try living my way for a time, you would soon realise what you are missing."

"Enough!" Tali raged in Lilutian, causing the building to shudder and the terrified clubbers to clutch their ears in pain., "Come!"

"No." Kilili replied softly in the same language, but with no lesser impact. She then looked to the beasts around her and pointed at Tali, "Kill."

"I predicted that move obviously. They are deaf." Tali chided, then paused as a hooded woman strode to her side and whispered in her ear. Tali gave a nod and dismissed her, "This has gone on long enough. You know, chosen one, you seek to come across as one devoted purely to lust, to obtaining semen for your deity's designs. But I think there is more to you, much more. I shall soon find out." With a gesture, Tali set the Lamassu upon her.

"Protect me!" Kilili cried in Lilutian, laughing as the unearthly words brainwashed the clubbers into attacking the Lamassu. They were slaughtered with ease, but it gave Kilili plenty of openings to escape. "Did you think I have morals, priestess? That I would not use these mortals to my own ends? What a fool you are." She danced around the gory massacre and made for the main exit.

Then paused when she saw Levant standing there, eyes wide with horror.

******

I rush in, only to see a bloodbath as men and woman attacked the flying creatures I had spotted before with a suicidal frenzy. 

With a mixture of fear and relief I see a blood soaked Kilili coming towards me, pausing in surprise when she sees I have found her. A movement from the mezzanine above catches my eye. I see a woman pointing towards me, and speak a word that should not be possible to speak in this realm. It resonates down deep within me and I feel the reality I know become something distant. The hunger that comes with being and Irdu-Lili grows and swells, consuming me, possessing me, twisting my body to give itself form. Then I know no more.

******

"Incredible." Tali gasped as she left the club, acolytes and the few surviving monsters in tow. "You are redeemed in my eyes sister Salicia. It is as you said, she feels affection for him. An ardat-lili!"

"Thank you, high priestess." Salicia said quietly as they entered the limousine.

"Excellent, although his attacking us was unexpected, we have a means of forcing Kilili's hand. We must secure the Irdu-Lili!"

******

Kilili stood before the large shadow beast, only she and it remained in the silent club now. Various corpses of people and monsters were littered around them.

It looked at her, salivating, promising an eternal depravity for her that she will both love and hate. After attacking and killing anything that dared approach Kilili, it had stood still, regarding her, poised and ready to pounce upon her.

Kilili felt all her senses go wild at being so close to the beast, to the ultimate fate of an Irdu-Lili. That all too familiar mix of fear and desire threatened to overwhelm her again. She panted ad flushed, heart racing, as her thighs became slick with an arousal so intense it was painful. She wanted nothing more than to spread her legs and take the brutal fucking its enormous phallus would give her. She wanted to be taken and shared with its pack, to be fucked eternally, just as her previous love Silili had so desired. It took every shred of her will to stop herself.

"So what now Levant?" Kilili gasped, struggling to fight her own body, "Will you drag me back to Her realm? Fuck me to breaking point and beyond over and over?"

It's shapeless face split to reveal a toothy maw. It lurched forward, hungry for her.

"Disappointing." She was too. She had thought she saw more in Levant, that he would be strong enough to master the beast within him and make it a source of strength, not a weakness. Kilili turned and walked to the DJ booth, deftly hopped up, and sat with her legs open, revealing her sex to him, driving the creature even wilder. It lurched a few more paces forward. She held out an elegant hand to him, "Come then, if nothing else it shall deprive those fools of their dead dragon goddess. I knew this would happen to me eventually, no time like the present."

The beast lurched closer, then stalled again.

Kilili growled, annoyed by the delay of the inevitable, does it not know this only tortures her further? Yes, of course it does, it is no doubt savouring the fact.

"Come, son of Lillake!" Kilili screamed in Lilutian so loud the walls cracked, plaster rained down from the ceiling, a spotlight fell and smashed against the blood smeared floor, "Come and take your prey!"

The beast lunged.