 Centuries ago...

Kilili danced naked to the chorus of screams, revelling in the morbid fascination it stimulated.

The gardens, so beautiful under the starry sky, were lit by the pyres of burning Christians. Even with the burning musk the cloying scent of burning flesh could not be fully masked. It only aroused her further. She had danced for centuries, had learned to channel her lust to allow her to accomplish nearly any goal, especially when it came to the ways of seduction. She writhed her body to the beat of the drums perfectly, making sure her hips shook and breasts bounced invitingly. She allowed her hunger for semen to drive her to even more lascivious moves that even the most shameless of dancers would rarely attempt.

Her personal retinue of prostitutes, women whose minds she had corrupted, danced with her, but only acted to emphasise her perfection. All of them were pale imitations of their mistress, shadows in the blaze that is her.

Kilili felt her loins grow damp, knew the audience must see it also, as her hunger grew. She continued, smiling, willing them to see.

For what a time it is for her kind to live! Where she could walk the streets naked as a prostitute and feed to her heart's content. Where she could gain shelter as a favoured slave and whisper directions in the ear of her enthralled masters. Where parties like this could be enjoyed and no one would dare lift a finger against it.

The drums end, Kilili collapses in time to the ceasing of the song, as the final Christian screams his last. She is rewarded with raucous applause.

"Marvellous, utterly marvellous! Rise my lovely!" Kilili rises and accepts a kiss from the royal dressed in regal purple robes. She looks into the dark eyes of Imperator Nero Cladius Divi Claudius filius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, ruler of Rome. She wonders if she'll be tasting his royal seed again this night, "I am inspired, utterly inspired. Yes, I feel a new poem coming forth, of the beautiful goddess who burned the vile heathens out of my wondrous city." The senate all gathered as 'guests' around him agreed, every last one of them sycophantic and fearing for their lives.

Hanging off his arm was another woman, dressed in robes so thin as to be translucent. Statilia Messalina, the Imperator's current mistress, as usual bearing striking resemblance to his mother and further fuelling the rumours. She eyed Kilili jealously, "She is a heathen herself my love, I know not why you keep this whore around. Surely you are bored of her by now?"

"Not at all, she never ceases to entertain me." Nero rolled his eyes and kissed Statilia, "Besides, I find the ideas of this sex priestess fascinating, far more intriguing than those other dullards at the temple of Venus. If only more such harltos would follow Venus Vilgivaga so."

Statilia, far from giving in, addressed Kilili venomously, "I still find it strange. I hear you claim your goddess promises nothing but an eternity of sexual torture, yet still you choose to give yourself to her. Why?"

With Statilia's reminder, Kilili felt her mother's call and felt both fear and excitement rise in her. Mostly fear. "We each of us have our reasons, my lady."

"Ach, Statilia, you just don't get it!" Nero sighed, "She reaches new heights of creativity and ecstasy because she is so doomed, because that fear drives her further. That is how her art is so perfect! Oh forgive her my lovely Kilili, I suppose only artists such as myself can understand what lengths we must go to. Now come!" Nero addressed his fellow senators and their petrified wives, "To my celestial tower, there we shall feast and you can enjoy my recitals."

Kilili listened to their feigned excitement as the Imperator led his guests to the distant tower, a miraculous and costly building that rotated in time with the planets. She did not envy not being able to attend, she found his poems appalling. 

For a time she watched the burning corpses and recalled the great fire that had burned Rome to the ground. Rather than move the capital Nero had rebuilt it to his vision. A magnificent marble city that hid the impoverishment of his people through his actions. 

She cackled and held her arms to the cold heavens, "Shall I burn the world too and rebuild it to your vision mother? Would that amuse you?" Her loins twitched, her smiled faded as she lowered her arms. She recalled Silili, beautiful, monstrous Silili. "Setting it all aflame. Would that quell the emptiness in me?"

******

Warm blood rained down on Kilili. She did not notice, so lost was she in the moment.

Yes! That's it! Fuck me! Tear me apart! Ruin me! Break me! Give me more!

Kilili fell into a state of ecstacy as her chosen suitor that night released the seed her immortal body ever craved. A state of ecstasy only her kind had the privilege of experiencing. As fast as her womb could be flooded it was absorbed, her mother always thirsts for more and tonight was no exception. No depravity is too great to gain that wondrous fluid so vital and hungered for by her kind. 

Yes! Take me Satariel!

Only when his body fell lifelessly onto her did she realise what she had done. As the sheer pleasure of feeding ebbed to a dull throb for more Kilili removed her fingers, which had penetrated deep into the man's skull. She must have done it at the moment of orgasm. Groaning, she pushed the fresh corpse aside, sat up and looked down at her bloodstained sheets and body. Dealing with all this would be a nightmare, thankfully it was a complete stranger she had lured to her bed so if she was careful there would be little to trace the murder here. Even if they did, her friends in high places would see that nothing came of it.

No, it was the increasing frequency of these accidental murders that concerned her. She had inadvertently cried out to be taken to that realm. If that was not a sign that her time was coming she was not sure what is. 

She got up and went to her enormous wardrobe, thinking which dress to choose. Levant was out somewhere, time to find him and see if he can stabilise her further.

A mischievous thought came to her. Perhaps it is time to show him the temple she had set up long ago. Oh yes, it would a delight to see his reaction, whether it be one of joy or one of horror.

*******

That horrible possibility crossed Levant's mind again as he rang the doorbell. No, the fact that the very thought still disgusted him meant it should be okay, he has to believe that.

Living with Kilili proved every bit as wondrous and infuriating as he imagined. At first she ahd been suffocating, not letting him out of her sight for a moment, understandable after the encounter with Nimeth, apparently an acquaintance of Kilili's from a bygone age. But after some time and convincing she allowed him his freedom. He took full use of this, rarely needing sleep he would leave for days at a time, wandering here and there, lost in his thoughts on his new existence. But that did not mean he did not enjoy being with her, they would spend hours exploring one another in her bed, pausing only when the bell rang to signify a customer in the bookstore below.

He still smiled as he remembered her that first night by the oak tree, naked under the waning moon. The night had been both wondrous and frustrating, Kilili was beautiful and enchanting in her demeanour. She had utterly enchanted him that night despite having so many questions, or perhaps because of it. Perhaps the mystery added to her appeal. 

Still he was growing concerned about the changes he was undergoing. He had put off sleeping with women, an effort that had been monumental. He disliked what they turned into when he did so. He was certain this abstinence was what caused him to feel so lethargic of late. Still, whenever he saw a woman the temptation to feed became ever more overpowering. He would not be able to hold off forever.

He accepted he could not live as a mortal anymore. Some things he could not let go however, though he told himself he would flee immediately if he felt anything untoward. He pressed the doorbell again.

"There you are. Come, I have something to show you."

Levant turned to see Kilili standing there, grinning impishly. "Seriously? You turn up now?" Levant looked to the front door, praying it would not open. 

"Oh, I've such wonders to show you! Come, it will be spectacular!" Kilili held out a hand in offering.

"Not now." He hissed, "Get out of here before-"

The front door opened, "Sorry dear, I was hanging the washing." A woman in her sixties stood there, looking healthy for her age. She stood tall, and gazed at the two through her spectacles with sharp eyes. "My? Have you brought a friend?"

"Uh, hi mom." Levant felt his eyelid twitching, "This is, er,"

"Oh hello!" Kilili said cheerfully as she grabbed Levant's arm, "I am Kilili, Levant's girlfriend. Don't mind him, he has been fretting over us meeting. But I said, 'Levant! We have been together nigh a year now, it is time you introduced me to your family.' So here I am."

Levant's mother raised her eyebrows in surprise, "Well you kept that quiet Levant! You should have said, I would have prepared a meal or something. Come on in both of you."

"No." Levant groaned under his breath. The last thing Levant wanted was Kilili there. She gave him a wicked smile as she pulled him into the house. Clearly she found the entire thing amusing. "Don't you dare try anything." He whispered as they were led to the living room. She just continued smiling. 

He noticed that smile become forced when she saw the crucifix hanging over the mantelpiece. He frowned and looked towards it, but felt nothing. He half thought the sight of it would turn him to ash or somesuch like in the movies, but he felt no adverse effects. Kilili was clearly struck by it however, though she made no mention of it as they sat down on the sofa. Kilili placed a hand on Levant's in mimicry of a couple. "I'll be back in a moment." Levant's mother promised, "I'll just put the kettle on. What would you like... Kilili is it? What an exotic name. I am Clarissa."

"Isn't it? I am good thank you, nothing for me. I drank too much before coming here, will be bouncing off the walls if I have much more." Levant felt himself flush, he could guess what she had been drinking.

"Oh, I understand. Usual for you Levant?" With that she disappeared from the room briefly.

Levant was about to utter dire warnings at Kilili when she cut in, "I see you have not been feeding enough, silly fool. " She squeezed his hand, "Or are you here to feed from your own mother perhaps? Incredible, you have progressed further than I expected. Be sure I get to watch though!"

Feeling his anger rising, Levant took a deep breath before answering, "I would never do such a thing. Swear to me Kilili that you won't try anything, leave my mother out of this."

Kilili rose and went to the mantelpiece, "Are you sure that is the right thing to do? I sense her desires, we two are having an effect on her you know, it is what our presence does. I can smell her confused arousal even now. Your visits are the only joy in her life since..." Kilili sniffed the air, "Ah yes, since your father died. Her misery is made worse for having this thing as her guide." She plucked up the crucifix.

Levant stood up, "Leave that alone." He did his best to keep his voice down.

She held the crucifix up at him, "Phallic worship has existed for ages untold. Worshipping a flaccid phallus will do little for those seeking release from the mundanity of their lives. It leads to sterility, control by higher powers, it is for those who love to follow rules and dogmas. It is why such people fear this so much." She turned the crucifix upside down, "The erect phallus. Have her worship that for a while, you will be surprised by the change in her. She will be happier for certain."

"That is not a phallus..."

"Oh of course it is." Kilili scoffed, "They can disguise it however they like, they have the masses worshipping impotency so as to better control them. Lust knows no rules, even actively destroys order." She placed it back upside down.

"Put it back the way it was." Levant said it uncertainly, disconcerted by how believable Kilili's words were.

"She won't even notice until we leave, she can then put it back if she so desires. She returns, quickly now." She hopped back over and pulled Levant back onto the sofa with her. He found himself aroused by her again, by her carefree attitude. She was dressed more like she was off to the opera than to visit his mother however, with a bodice laced with gold. He could only imagine the impression his mother must have of her. 

Worse, he realised, Kilili had confirmed his fears. Even his own mother would be affected by his very presence. She could end up like those back at his workplace. With a grieving heart, he accepted that for her sake this may be the last time he dare see her.

"So tell me Kilili," she began as she set out the two cups on the coffee table, "What do you do for a living?"

"I'm a cheap and easy whore."

Levant's heart leapt to his throat. His mother blinked, "A what?"

"I own a simple bookstore." Kilili said cheerfully, "Not far from where Levant lives in fact. You should visit some time."

Like hell she will, Levant thought, working out how best to fake a break up with her.

"How wonderful!" she beamed, "Levant has always been into his books, haven't you Levant?"

The conversation went on without incident, Kilili passing off as half respectable spectacularly. It did nothing to relieve Levant's tension, however, as he sat there dreading what stunt Kilili may pull next. Trying to keep his hand from shaking, he picked up his cup and sipped his coffee. He grimaced and nearly gagged as soon as it touched his tongue. His mother noticed, "Something wrong dear? Is the milk off?"

He noticed Kilili give him a look. He recalled this was the first time he had eaten or drank anything since turning, it seemed mortal cuisine was off the menu for him now. "Er, no. Sorry, truth is I think I am coming down with something, everything has been tasting off lately."

"Here." Clarissa leaned over the table to feel his forehead. Levant found himself glancing down her top at her ample cleavage, something he had never noticed before. The hunger awoke in him.

He shot up, "It's nothing. Sorry but we have to take off. Kilili is actually hosting a book signing at her store, so we dare not be late."

"Levant!" she chided, "You needn't be so rude."

"Yes, although he is correct." Kilili agreed as she rose also, "He is just nervous about us meeting, though he needn't be. I think we will get along splendidly. It has been a true pleasure Clarissa." Kilili embraced her, Levant noticed his mother's pupils dilate as she did so. The embrace lasted too long for his liking, Kilili's fingers trailing her arm as she broke away. 

He had to get them both out, "Yes, sorry, it was rude of me. But we are running late already."

She seemed sorry to see them both go, "Oh very well. But visit again soon, both of you."

"Naturally." Kilili assured as they exited the house.

Once out and walking towards Levant's car, he rounded on her, "I swear if you do anything to her I will, well,"

"You will what? What will you do to an immortal semen drinker pray tell?" Seeing his grieved face, her expression softened, "Levant, you would do well to see her as the mother of the old mortal you. We share the same mother now. Deep in her subconscious there is a forbidden fantasy with you, no doubt there is in you too, let her live it. You'll both be happier for it."

"Oh cut the Freudian bullshit." He snapped, "I don't know what creature you consider our mother," He pointed to the house they had left, "That is my mother over there."

Kilili shrugged, "Come on, I want to show you something glorious!"

"Don't change the subject." His anger melted as she hooked her arm with his. Looking down into her eyes, he found himself inexplicably in love with this mad creature still. "Alright, what do you want to show me?"

She giggled and kissed his cheek, "Our mother's temple."

******

Kilili had led him to a derelict part of the city, into what had appeared to be an exclusive club. All through the journey she had spoken excitedly. "I have powerful friends you know, wealthy and depraved people who need creatures like us to help satiate their needs. It benefits us to have such friends lest we fall into problems during our... feeding. That is one of the many reasons I set up the temple. Barbossa!"

Out of the shadows of the alleyway an enormous naked man stepped into what Levant had thought was an empty room. His hulking frame and grim face showed he acted as a guard, Levant watched in amazement, he did not know men could be so huge. 

Barbossa's swinging manhood thickened in Kilili's presence, and his muscles strained with his every stride. After stiffly bowing to Kilili, the giant figure hauled open a heavy trapdoor before retreating back into the shadows once more. Kilili blew a kiss in Barbossa's direction before taking Levant's hand and leading him up the stairs. Levant spoke quietly, not liking how his voice echoed up and down the stairway and wondering who else could be tucked away out of sight, "Sounds like you are taking me to a brothel."

"Ah, they are one and the same! At least they were in my mortal days. This place is a place of worship though, just not in the forms you are familiar with. Harlotry and holiness unite as one in the name of Lillake."

"Lillake? Just who..." Levant paused as he scented incense and made out the faint sound of music. Suddenly nervous, his words failed him.

Kilili drew him on further before the stairs ended to a large hall filled with lewd marble statues of what Levant assumed were minor deities. The hall led up to a large double door painted black and crimson, depicting serpents coiling around a woman. 

"Mistress!" The two women standing watch over the ornate doorway kneeled as they approached. They were stark naked save for nipple piercings and a silver chain connecting the two points. Levant could sense their arousal at the appearance of Kilili, as well as their excited curiosity in the one accompanying her.

"Esther, Marie, it has been some time. Oh do rise!" They did so and they embraced one another, the two watchers sighing in pleasure from Kilili's touch. 

With deft fingers they began undressing their mistress, talking happily all the while. Kilili grinned at Marie, "I smelled you juices on Barbossa, are you so keen to be torn in two?"

Marie laughed as Esther rolled her eyes, "I'll take his whole cock one day, you'll see."

Levant remained silent as their talk grew cruder. He thought perhaps they were fellow Ardat-Lili, but he was certain now that was not the case. They did not have the same effect on him as Kilili and he could sense their damaged minds swimming with mad lust. They were mortals, driven mad from being in the vicinity of Kilili for too long. He felt his craving rise as Kilili turned to him, naked in the light of the many candelabras lining the walls. The two watchers advanced on him.

Frowning, Levant bit his lip, "Must I?"

"This is a holy place for us!" Kilili snapped impatiently, "Do not profane it with your shame. Get him naked girls!"

Giggling, Levant found himself being hastily undressed.

******

It had been tough but he managed. Feeling their roaming fingers, and the sighs his touch as an Irdu-Lili brought in them was almost more than he could bear. The sensation he could not describe nigh overwhelmed him, only through sheer force of will did he not ravage them. He gasped when he felt Esther's fingers brush across the length of his erect manhood.

Seeing his frustration, Kilili laughed and pulled him after her again, the two watchers pushing the door open for them.
