 "Who's there?" Marie need not have asked really, she knew who it was the moment her body ached with familiar yearning.

She had descended from the main entrance of the temple whilst Esther was busy being nailed by an obese businessman. She should have remained to greet any clients that arrived, but it was a frustratingly quiet night and Marie wanted to try and take all of Barbossa inside her again. 

"You know who. Do you have it yet?"

Marie fell to her knees the moment she saw the otherworldly figure emerge from behind one of the marble statues of perverse deities. Oh how she had longed to see her again! Need filled her as the singing that was not singing aroused her body unlike any other, save perhaps Kilili. But it was not to Kilili whom she devoted herself. Kilili had taken her in thinking she had been one of her own victims, her mind now unhinged from her presence. But it was Nimeth who had made her who she is now, who revealed her true darker self and had her embrace it, then become it. 

It had been so difficult, so maddeningly difficult. Every time she had seen or touched Kilili she had wanted to confess all to her, to beg forgiveness and devote herself to her instead. But she had held fast, knowing it was the influence of her aura affecting her. She is Nimeth's, will always be Nimeth's, to be toyed with and disposed of by her as she pleases. "Yes, I have it." Marie reached back and moaned as she pulled from herself a tiny vial filled with milky fluid. Even contained, having it inside her had roused her to new heights of lust. She had been so tempted to pour it upon herself, even now she considered it. No, this is for Nimeth!

Nimeth languorously strode up gently brushed a lock of hair from Marie's face as she took the vial, "Well done. How did you convince her to surrender it?"

Marie smiled, "I said I was going to use on myself, to make me take it all at last."

"Ah," Nimeth said, understanding perfectly. She took Marie's face in both hands and kissed her forehead, sensing her darkest fantasy as she did so, the fantasy she could never quite bring herself to achieve. A fantasy she felt that giant freak would help her live. Nimeth intended to help with that, besides, she could do with some amusement, "Well, as to that..." Nimeth clicked her fingers and Barbossa, the temple's watchman, loomed into the hallway, all muscle and little brain, his enormous cock fully erect in Nimeth's presence. It had been too easy bending the freak to her will, Kilili had guarded the place against mortals, she never considered another Ardat-Lili appearing. 

She saw Marie sigh with want at his appearance. Nimeth smiled, time to make her dream come true, "I have an ointment of my own to give you." Using sleight of hand, the milky white vial disappeared and another larger one containing red appeared. The moment she pulled away the stopper a husky scent filled the room.

"What is-?" Marie was cut off as Nimeth thrust her thin fingers down into her mouth and throat.

Nimeth grinned as Marie was clearly aroused by the act, but then Nimeth was certain she could do anything and Marie would be aroused by it. But not half as aroused as she was about to be. She pulled her fingers out, tipped the vial and the viscous fluid fell into her mouth, down her chin, onto her breasts. "These are my own fluids mixed with a few other ingredients I found to be effective over the centuries. You have been wonderfully useful to me Marie, but that usefulness is over. Time to give you what you crave." As soon as the jar was empty she tossed it aside and gripped her head tightly, gazing deeply into Marie's blue eyes with her own copper ones.

The effect was instantaneous, Marie's pupils dilated, her face flushed, her mouth salivated, her nipples grew erect. A puddle formed on the stone floor as her loins went into a frenzy. But it was into Marie's mind that Nimeth focuses, she searched, not that it was hard in her condition, and found her that part of oneself that yearns for self-destruction, that embraces the pleasure of ruin. She had partly opened the gate before, now she flung it open, allowing that fantasy to consume Marie utterly.

Everyone's darkest sexual fantasy varied, some are more grotesque than others. Nimeth had found a way to draw it out of a mortal's locked up mind long ago. To a true Ardat-Lili, bringing it forth is like seeing a work of art come to life. Now was no different. Marie had a weakness for grotesquely large cocks because, deep down, she fantasised about being torn apart by one. Of course the mind had measures for preventing people from destroying themselves as a result of their lusts, what Nimeth called the gateway, but it was a simple matter for her to break that gate open. Tonight Marie would live that fantasy, the concoction only spurring her to do so. "What a beautiful way to go." She whispered to her. Marie whimpered impatiently.

Satisfied, Nimeth stepped back and heard Barbossa growling like a beast behind her. She grinned as she saw him shuffling to get at Marie, the scent of the ointment working on him also. Only Nimeth's command stopped him from fucking her apart. Only Nimeth stopped the two from uniting in a murderous coupling. 

Nimeth seated herself under the statue of whom she assumed was Dionysus, and released them both from her command. With shrieking fury they were on one another in seconds, Barbossa's phallus ramming fully into Marie, causing her to scream excitedly.

Nimeth chuckled as Marie met her end, she held up the vial to the candlelight and admired her prize. 

With this, that Irdu-Lili will be hers to tear open.

******

With a start, Kilili returned to consciousness and sat up on her bed. 

For the few minutes she had been asleep, if sleep is what it could be called, she had glimpsed her former lover Silili in that mad realm. She was having things done to her that no mortal mind would ever manage to conjure. Wondrous things that set Kilili alight with want, things that made this world seem that much blander to her. A dangerous view for an Ardat-Lili. Worse had been Silili's eyes, as if she could see her. Her eyes were alight with insane joy, inviting her to come join the unending madness, to delight in being a toy for those creatures. Kilili clasped her head, trying to suppress the desire to go there and become grounded upon this reality again.

She looked at the limp form lying beside her and felt that yearning for Satariel dissipate like mist. 

Levant lay like a corpse, not breathing. She had had to close his eyes herself to imitate sleep. As she looked at him she felt an ache inside her she had not felt for centuries. For centuries she had sought to fill the emptiness inside her, the abyss within that drove her madness.

She recalled when Silili first encountered her, whoring herself in the alleys of Akkad. She had been sold as a child to the temple of Inanna, there she had been a slave priestess raised to become a holy harlot. But not once did she feel any reverence for that deity, always she felt empty inside. Only working as a sex priestess did she feel the faint vestiges of...something... build within her. As such she focused utterly on harlotry to the point where she was willing to break herself doing it. Considered too feral for the temple, she had been ditched on the streets where she sold herself for no deity, spreading her legs and filling herself with stranger's seed to feel that faint sensation.

It was Silili who found her and taught her about herself. "Inanna is the goddess of love and war to these people, but you serve the lady of lust and ruin. There is no love for creatures like us, love is empty to us. You feel empty becomes you are grasping for what is not there. You hold the potential to become as me Kilili, whore yourself in her name instead, until you break if that is what it takes. Destroy yourself, destroy your ego, and transcend above these cretins."

Kilili giggled, she had been awed by those words at the time. If she had known the reason for an Ardat-Lili's existence back then, would she have been so enamoured? "Silili," Kilili spoke to the mirror at the other end of the room, then looked at the body beside her, "Perhaps we cannot feel love in a mortal sense, but certainly there must be an Ardat-Lili equivalent. I felt it for you, I think. Now, I think I feel it again."

Carefully, Kilili straddled Levant's body and gingerly reached behind his head. With a sickening crack, she put his broken neck back together. In an instant the severed cartilage, bone and nerve endings fused back together. Levant opened his eyes, blinking in confusion to see Kilili atop him. His body responded to her at once, however, Kilili feeling his rising member pressing against her. She guided him into her and began working her hips. 

Levant gasped and reached up to clasp her breasts, confusion forgotten in his desire for her. He rose up and down in perfect rhythm with her. Levant knew they could not feed from eachother, this was not about that. This was about two lovers coming together. 

Eventually, together, they climaxed. Kilili fell beside Levant and showered him with kisses.

For some time they laid in one another's arms silently, until at last Levant spoke, "I have to know Kilili. You cannot keep me ignorant forever."

"I know." Kilili jumped in excitedly, "Let's go to the art gallery today. I hear Chávez's Three Graces is on temporary display here and is being flown back tomorrow! You just have to see it, it's beautiful."

Levant sighed, got up and changed into the clothes he found folded to one side. Kilili watched hims change, then saw him head to the door, "Where are you going? I thought we had several bouts in us yet." She opened her legs to him invitingly.

Levant looked at her perfect body, wanting nothing more than to return to her, then wrenched his eyes away, "I...I need to think for a while. About us, about what I am, about everything." With that he walked out.

Kilili stared at the door he had exited through for some time, wondering.

******

"I cannot tell you how much things have changed for the better. Someone must be smiling down on me."

"That's great mother." Levant said quietly as she placed the tea he had no intention of drinking, "You look healthier."

She blushed, "Well, I hope you don't mind but I have been dating someone. It's going really well, I think it could lead somewhere. I thought it was too late for an old thing like me, but here I am giggling like a schoolgirl!"

"I don't mind at all, I'm happy for you." She had had several interested men sniffing around here, Levant to sense it. How many of them had she slept with? It did not matter. He could smell her moistening loins, responding to his presence, if he stayed much longer he feared he could drive her mad. It seemed his and Kilili's previous visit had done just enough to bring colour to her life, if he stayed much longer it could tip into madness. Even now he had to wrest his eyes from her cleavage, now proudly displayed via the scant blue gown she wore. He could even see her laced underwear through its thin fabric. He felt his member twitch.

He shook his head and got up, he should never have come here. "Sorry, it seems I'm still not feeling well. I think I best head off lest you catch whatever it is."

"Oh,you poor thing." She rose also and felt his head again, her face coming too close for his liking. He began sensing the dark fantasies in her slowly being drawn out by him. "Hmm, you do feel a little warm. Go home and have Kilili look after you."

Levant froze, "Kilili and I are no longer together." He was surprised by what he said, by the truth of it, even if Kilili was not yet aware.

His mother looked disappointed, "Oh, that's a shame. Well, if you need anything do call."

"I will, and mother?"

"Yes?"

Levant looked to the mantelpiece, "The crucifix." It was still upside down, just as Kilili had left it.

His mother looked also, "Oh, yes. It went missing a while ago and I can't find it for the life of me. Somehow feels better that way though, more spacious."

She cannot see it, or rather like the oak tree, Kilili had done something to make her ignore it. "I see, Imight be going abroad mother so I could be gone awhile. But I'll stay in contact by phone okay?" He felt his throat go dry.

"Oh, I understand. A good way to get over a relationship. Just look after yourself."

"I shall."

******

Kilili was not back at the bookstore.

He entered the temple again, nervousness gripping him, wondering how she would take the news. He saw Esther as he entered and learned of Marie's spectacular end. Esther spoke with a mixture of glee and jealousy rather than grief, Kilili had kissed Barbossa's mighty phallus in farewell to Marie, sending the giant ejaculating. This only further confirmed to Levant that he is doing the right thing. He marched into the temple and beheld the statue in all its horrific glory again. The unending orgy still continued, the broken-minded serving the wealthy depraved as they came and went. All under the gaze of the mother of succubi and incubi. 

He looked across the sea of bodies for Kilili but she was not amongst them. He tried several of the rooms at the back, he spotted Trisha still whoring herself vigorously, but Kilili was in none of them. He found her, at last, on the balcony where she had broken his neck the previous evening. She was gazing at the city below, sipping from a crystal glass filled with white fluid. It was obvious to Levant what she was drinking. He was surprised by how sombre she looked, as though lost in thoughts of another time. He ahd expected her to be revelling in the acts being played out here. "Kilili."

She visibly perked up when she saw him, making Levant have to steel himself further, "Oh, you came back. You know what? Forget the gallery, drive me to the beach tomorrow. I want to see the sea again. I hear it will be stormy tomorrow, I want to feel that breeze against me. The scent of salt is so like the scent of this." She raised her glass and sipped.

"I'm leaving."

Silence. Dreadful, dreadful silence. Just the muffled noise of the musicians and the moans of the participants within. Finally, Kilili managed a perplexed sounding "What?"

"I'm leaving. I don't what will happen to me if I do not feed but I don't care. I'm going where I cannot turn people into mindless nymphos. Be it the middle of the desert or the bottom of the sea. I'm leaving this, and I'm leaving you. I love you Kilili, but I cannot be this creature. Admit it, the dreams I have been having, that monster is what I will eventually turn into isn't it?"

Kilili said nothing, her hand clutched the glass more tightly.

"I thought as much. Goodbye Kilili." He turned and made to leave.

Kilili watch him take his first step away from her. The crystal glass fractured, she felt something inside her break also. Pain like nothing she had ever known flooded what had once been the emptiness within her. Oh mother, it hurts! "Halt!"

Screams. Screams as everyone within a mile radius of her froze in obedience. The orgy froze, the music ceased. Levant grunted as his body became taut and refused to obey his will to move. He wanted to flee, to turn and face Kilili, but he could not even speak.

What is this pain? Make it stop! "Kneel!" She was only dimly aware that she was speaking in Lilutian, a language never meant for this reality. All of creation shuddered as she spoke the obscene language capable of tearing apart existence as well as minds. 

Everyone fell to their knees as fast as gravity would allow, only Levant managed a pitiful struggle as his legs slowly buckled. 

"I will break you Levant!" she wailed, "If you will not be mine you will be no one's!" It hurts! What is this agony? She looked at his trembled back, "Face me!" she cried in Lilutian. Everyone turned to face her direction, whether she was visible to them or not. Terrified, Levant found himself doing the same, for the first time seeing how powerful an ardat-lili is. 

Kilili threw the glass aside. It hurts! It hurts so much! "I will break your mind! You will obey me as a mindless thrall! You will follow my every whim! You will-" she looked into his wide eyes and felt her threats evaporate. She realised watch she had been close to doing. She had been on the verge of destroying Levant, leaving only an empty husk in his stead. The Levant she was so drawn to would have been lost forever. 

"You have destroyed me!" she shrieked and fell to the marble floor, face in her hands, "Go then. We shall not meet again. It's over."

Levant felt his body move of his own accord again. He rose and looked down at Kilili's sobbing figure, his heart aching, then turned and made his way out the now eerily silent temple. All of the participants had stopped what they were doing and watched Levant as he walked out, a mixture of fear and anger on their faces.

Once back in the street, Levant took a deep breath and made off to a destination he did not know yet.

******

Mundane. This world is mundane.

After several hours, Kilili rose from the floor, eyes red rimmed. 

She recalled a night with Emperor Nero centuries ago. He had fucked her magnificently, then began raving shortly after. "Mundane! Mundane! Mundane!" he had cried, "Where is perfection? Where is art? Rome is drab, dull! How can I be expected to rule such an ugly place?"

Kilili had glimpsed his vision and found it to her liking, she had whispered into his ear that night. A simple gesture that set about monumental ruin. "Then make it beautiful." She had whispered. Rome had mysteriously burned to the ground shortly after, and plans for a new glorious city set up to be built in its stead.

"Mundane." She whispered, looking out over the city. She walked into the temple. The participants had since resumed their delights. Kilili looked over the variety of acts being performed, "Mundane." She looked up at the statue of her mother, her stone gaze overseeing the revelries with all the interest of a child in class, "Mundane!" Kilili grabbed one of the candelabras and threw it at a tapestry depicting nymphs mating with satyrs. "Burn it all, start again!" The tiny candlelight caught and spread its way up the cloth, then beyond the cloth. 

Those who were still sane fled for their lives. Those damaged from Kilili's influence, not knowng any other sanctuary, remained and screeched as they burned alive. 

"This world is mundane! Mother! Burn it all, I care not! Take me Satariel! I am done with this realm!" Kilili spread her arms imploringly to the statue, accepting her fate at last. The flames grew to a blazing inferno, consuming her. Her body burned, healed, burned again, healed. The pain was as nothing to the pain she felt inside. "Take me!"

******

Levant halted, his heart skipped a beat.

He had managed to get a last minute ticket and was about to drive to the airport when he scented her. He turned and saw a figure swiftly run back into the alleyway.

Levant found his anger rising. It was Kilili's scent, she must have followed him. Why can't she just accept it is over? He had to confront her now, he could not let her find out where he intended to go. He dared not risk her appearing and using that horrendous language to bring him back against his will. He threw in his meagre luggage and slammed the car door. He then sprinted down the alley, glimpsing her at the far end ducking out of view. "Kilili! Stop this!"

He rounded the corner and paused when he saw a group of dead-eyed men waiting for him. All of them were solidly built and menacing in appearance. When they advanced, Levant turned to find more had appeared behind, cutting off his escape. He could still smell Kilili's fragrance, but there was something else mixed with it. He began to have a horrible suspicion. 
