 Brenna sat back in her computer chair and rubbed her tired eyes with a thumb and forefinger. She had been in the chat room for a little over four hours, and her vision was beginning to blur. Where had the time gone? It was almost 1:00 a.m., and Brenna was feeling the strain of a long day. She leaned her head onto her hand and began to drift... but jerked upright when she suddenly remembered Vampire Prince. What must he think about her failure to respond to his post? She frantically scrolled through several inches of type until she found the telltale picture above his name, along with his latest message:

VAMPIRE PRINCE privately whispers to ~Iron Angel~: Are you still there, M'Lady?

I tire rapidly, my Lord... she wearily typed. I have not the endurance of an immortal...

It took a minute for his much-awaited reply. Her eyes burned as she stared fixedly at the glowing monitor. Finally, the two inch high profile of a noble-looking vampire with long black hair sniffing a blood-red rose appeared on her screen. Brenna knew that her suitor more than likely looked nothing like this tiny representation of his name, but the picture never failed to bring a slight smile of pleasure to her lips. She quickly read:

VAMPIRE PRINCE privately whispers to ~Iron Angel~: You must condition yourself to become nocturnal, my sweet angel. But if you are weary, perhaps we should save further conversation for another night.

~Iron Angel~ privately whispers to VAMPIRE PRINCE: Perhaps that would be best, M'Lord. Until next we meet, a parting gift to remember me by...*Plucks a feather from one wing and ties it in his beautiful long hair* Brenna typed with a fond smile. She truly enjoyed this mild form of role-playing. Vampire Prince had never once faltered from his role of chivalrous immortal, and she had done her best to stay in the guise of an armor-clad angel. Her use of the name of her favorite female WEC professional wrestler had led to a much more fanciful interpretation once she had met Vampire Prince. Other nights when she was less exhausted had found them chatting until nearly sunrise. On those memorable occasions, he took his leave with the excuse that he must "be off to hunt before the coming of the dawn." His clever parting line never failed to make her grin; then she would suddenly realize how tired she was and sleep until noon. Brenna's mother had little say over her bedtime and somewhat obsessive nocturnal chat room use now that she had turned eighteen, but she was required to pay the monthly Internet fee and part of the electric bill. That was what part-time jobs were for.

Brenna looked up at her computer screen in time to see Lanka, another of the role-playing vampires who frequented the chat room, privately whisper, Going to make it another long night with VP, I see. *Smile*

Vampire Prince was a well known character in this chat room, and almost everyone simply called him VP.

Nah, I'm just leaving... My eyes won't stay open...

Almost immediately, Lanka secretly responded, He cares a great deal, you know. Never has he been so intrigued by a human. It's more than a casual chat room flirtation to him.

I feel silly for becoming so attached to someone I'll probably never meet, but I don't take him lightly either. *Yawn* I really must be going... Brenna replied.

Before Lanka's next response could appear, Vampire Prince sent, I see that you have not yet left, M'Lady... To whom are you now speaking?

Just Lanka, Brenna typed, her lips curving. Why, my prince -- surely you were not momentarily jealous?

As she sent this message, Lanka's missive privately scrolled onto her screen. Who knows if you shall meet? Perhaps he shall surprise you...

Close on the heels of Lanka's words was Vampire Prince's rejoinder, How could I not be possessive of so beautiful a creature as yourself? But, for Lanka, I will make an allowance. *Smiles and draws the angel closer to his side*

To Lanka, Brenna said, A meeting with VP makes for pleasant dreams, but almost surely no more... Goodnight, Lanka; while to Vampire Prince she whispered, I bid thee farewell for the night, my Lord. *Gives him a parting kiss, spreads her wings, and takes flight*

Brenna clicked the X in the top right hand corner of her screen, shut down the computer, and trudged off to bed. Her hasty departure caused her to miss Lanka's parting message:

*Lanka* privately whispers to ~Iron Angel~: I don't think you will have any problem seeing Vampire Prince in your dreams tonight, my mortal friend... Pleasant slumber...

 [center]~*~[end center]

 She found herself sitting in a moonlit field of wildflowers. In the surreal, almost day-like quality of the full moon's glow, many of the petals took on a dark crimson hue that lent an eerie quality to the silver-lit blades of grass. A chill ran down her spine, a reaction to a strong sense of being secretly observed from behind. Her hands clenched in her lap, and she gasped sharply as something pricked her finger. She looked down and discovered that she held a single blood-red rose in her lap and had pierced a fingertip on one of the wicked thorns.

"Allow me to take care of that small insult, M'Lady," whispered a deep voice as a shadow darker than any that lay in the field fell over her.

She bit back a shriek as she looked into the pale face of a caped being with exquisite black hair that hung to his waist. Before she could scramble backwards, a cold hand grasped the hand holding the rose. The flower dropped from her nerveless fingers as she stared upward, breathless and entranced. He brought her bleeding fingertip to his lips and gently suckled.

"Mmmm... Sweet, my Iron Angel" he murmured as he kissed the back of her hand.

She uncertainly examined herself and discovered that she was, indeed, Iron Angel. Her upper body and her legs from the knees down were encased in lightweight, burnished metal. Golden bands encircled her upper arms, and a skirt of silken, flowing white barely reached mid-thigh, the material drawn upward by the demure sideward curl of her legs. With a smile of pure wonder, she realized that she also had wings -- huge, beautiful, feather wings.

"How...how--???"

"You can be what you truly are in your dreams," he whispered. "As for me, I can be no more or less than what I am, M'Lady."

He knelt before her, and now they were nearly on eye level. 

"Why do you always call me 'M'Lady'? It's very flattering, but now that we are face to face, what is the need?"

"It is a bit of chivalry that will never die so long as I draw breath."

"Do the immortal breathe, my prince?" she inquired with a smile.

"Not as often as humans, my sweet. A breath or two a day is sufficient."

She felt hypnotized by his ice-blue gaze, was unable to pull her own eyes away. Her lips seemed to move without her consent as she whispered, "Then allow my lips on yours to give you a much-needed breath..."

They drew together, and their lips touched tentatively, then boldly. His mouth opened against hers, and her tongue began a gentle exploration. His soft lips were cold, so cold. Her breath suddenly caught in her throat when she came across two very, very sharp teeth. She froze with the horrifying realization that her nocturnal suitor was not role-playing at all, but he seemed not to notice her tenseness as his lips left her mouth and tenderly traveled under her jaw and down her neck...

"No, get away from me!" she shrieked, pushing against his chest and leaping to her feet.

"M'Lady, please, do not fear me!" he cried as he rose and stepped forward.

Iron Angel attempted a clumsy ascension on her unfamiliar wings, but her frantic wing beats managed to do little more than send crimson wildflower petals scattering before Vampire Prince reached her with amazing swiftness, his cold hands gripping her upper arms just tightly enough to prevent her from fleeing. She had the frightening impression that there was terrible strength in those hands, that he could crush her arms with ease.

Looking intensely into her eyes, he whispered, "I... would... never... harm you."

"Stop it, stop it, stop hypnotizing me!" she cried.

He obediently shut his eyes, and she found that she could do the same; but now his words echoed in her mind. And hadn't they always been in her mind? Breath was necessary to speak, and he had little need for air. Had his lips ever moved? She had been too lost in his crystal gaze to notice.

I'll never harm you... Never... Never... You have the wrong conception of my kind, my beautiful angel. We do not take the young if we can help it, nor do we harm our friends -- or our loves... I can hear your heartbeat slowing as your fear subsides, M'Lady. What a beautiful sound... Open your eyes, sweet angel, there is nothing to fear.

Iron Angel opened her tightly clenched lids and found that there was indeed nothing to fear. Silently, swiftly, with little more than a breath of cold wind to mark his passing, Vampire Prince had returned to the shadows, and she was alone with the deep red flowers in the moonlit field. She ran a shaking hand through her thick dark hair, murmuring questioningly when her fingers knocked something from behind her ear to the soft grass. Kneeling, Iron Angel searched for and found the single blood red rose...

Brenna jerked awake with a startled gasp. Never had she had so vivid a dream. Without closing her eyes, she could clearly envision the palely illuminated field, the dark line of trees to the south, the rose in her hand. And there had been a dark, powerful, frightening figure... 

The memory was fading now. Frustrated, Brenna closed her eyes and tried to bring the vision back into focus, but it eluded her as surely as a handful of mist burned away by the dawn. Indeed, when she rolled over, Brenna noted the faint hint of early light wanly piercing her window blinds. The eighteen-year-old scowled. Since when had she risen with the dawn when she had the opportunity to sleep in?

Closing her eyes as the last of the odd dream slipped away, she returned to the depths of slumber, this time dreamlessly.