 The year is 2215. Just outside what used to be, LA California before the big quake of 2179 pushed Arizona and California into one state. 

25 year old Amanda Jenkins walked into her house after work. The full moon was out but she didn't think anything of it. She had ignored the news reports of a werewolf loose from the local zoo. She programmed for coffee and looked at her mini fridge to decide what to order for dinner as she stripped off her clothes.

Amanda has always been proud of her body. 5'6", 125lbs with Size C breasts and a pussy meant to take a hard cock deep inside it. Her blonde hair hangs down almost to her butt. Her eyes have been described as bedroom eyes. They are a deep blue that darken when she is lost in desire. 

As she pushed the buttons to order her dinner from the electronic chef she ran her hand down over her pussy. It was soaked. She thought about calling her boyfriend Jake to see if he wanted to come over. It had been a couple of days since she had his hard cock slamming in her pussy and she missed it. Then she remembered; he was in Florida for the week at a conference.

She sighed as the electro chef pushed out her pork chops and applesauce. The lights came on automatically when she came into the house. With her voice, she turned them down until the room was full of a warm red glow. She sat down at the table and began to eat.

She had eaten about half her food when she sighed again. The feelings in her pussy were heightened by the thought of Jeff fucking her with his huge cock. The tongue licking her coworker Jessica had given her when she took her home only wetted her appetite. Now her pussy was throbbing wildly and she knew she wouldn't get any relief until she took care of it.

She moved back in the chair, spreading her legs wide as she pushed a button on the table. Immediately a 10 inch dildo slid into her pussy. "Oh much better." She moaned as the fake cock worked its way in and out of her pussy. 

She enjoyed being fucked by the chair for a minute then resumed eating. By the time she was done, her pussy was on fire and her orgasm was building fast. She was breathing heavily as she turned the cock up full blast. She let out a squeal as it started to pound away at her pussy. "Fuck. It feels so good." She cried as she felt her orgasm start to wash over her. 

Suddenly her eyes flew open, the cock forgotten as she heard a scratching noise. "What the fuck?" She said out loud as she turned off the machine. Her pussy was still strumming with need but she ignored it.

She walked naked through the house. She pressed her hand against the panel on the wall to open the doors to the bedroom and bathroom. She also checked all the closets. There was no one there but her.

She shrugged deciding to go back to the dining room and finish getting herself off when she let out a loud scream as she was literally knocked off her feet. She landed hard on her stomach on the living room floor. There were growls coming from above her as her body was held down by four very hairy paws.

Slowly she turned her head and let out a loud, piercing scream. She suddenly knew where the werewolf from the zoo was. Somehow it had gotten into her apartment and was holding her down with its body. Its front paws were pinning her shoulders to the floor, the claws digging into her flesh. The back paws had her legs pinned down. He had one paw on each leg. Its eyes were a bright red and it was growling with a menacing roar in its throat. Its body was covered with dark brown fur except for between its legs where a huge red cock hung down pressing against her ass.

Amanda was paralyzed both by the beast holding her down but also by fear. She was afraid it was going to bite her or kill her. Her biggest fear was that it was going to fuck her with its huge cock. Just looking at it she knew it would never fit inside her. It had to be at least 15 inches long and 2 -3 inches in diameter.

She watched in fear as the beast moved off her legs. He nosed his muzzle against her pussy, pushing her onto her hands and knees. She tried to squirm away but his paws just encircled her stomach holding her in place as it moved its huge cock to her pussy. When she felt the head at her entrance she whimpered. "Oh god. Please no." she cried.

The beast just growled at her again as it pushed its huge cock into her pussy. She felt her pussy being stretched further then it ever had before. She let out another scream as it shoved its cock into her depths. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH...." She screamed as she felt him bury himself inside her. "Oh god, it hurts." Tears were streaming down her cheeks but the beast didn't notice. 

His paws had tightened around her stomach and there were low purring noises coming from his throat as he slowly slid his monster cock in and out of her.

Amanda whimpered and cried in pain as she rested her head on her arms. Her ass still up in the air as the beast fucked her. "Oh god. It hurts.' She cried as his hard cock snaked inside her. She tried moving away from him but his paws would tighten around her stomach, his claws digging into her flesh as a low growl would escape his lips. 

She finally lay there crying as he started hammering his cock hard and fast inside her. "OH GOD..." She screamed in pain as his monster cock ripped her insides apart. It felt like he was tearing the flesh from the inside of her pussy with his fast strokes.

Suddenly the beast let out a loud howl as he started shooting deep inside her. The cum coated her pussy walls but they still burned from the rape they had received. She sighed when she felt him cum in her. Maybe he would leave her alone now. 

When she felt his cock leave her pussy she started to squirm away again but once again he growled. "Please. No more." She begged.

The beast pushed her ass back up in the air then started licking her pussy with his rough tongue. "Ohhhhhh..." She moaned when he brushed his tongue over her sensitive clit. 

The beast growled softly but continued to attack her clit with its tongue. "Oh god...That feels so good." She purred as she pushed back against his tongue. He growled again but didn't punish her. Instead he let his long tongue slide into her battered pussy. There was a bit of pain but it was nothing compared to the pleasure flying over her as he started tongue fucking her hard and fast.

Her fingers dug at the floor as her head hung between her shoulders. "What am I doing?" She asked out loud. "I am being raped by a beast and I like it." She thrust her hips backwards pushing her pussy against the beast's muzzle. The purring left the werewolves mouth again as he tonguefucked her hard and fast. One paw left her stomach and he dug a nail into her clit. She screamed as her orgasm washed over her. The beast licked up her juices then dug its tongue into her again. Licking all over the inside of her pussy. "Oh god...I love it." She cried as she rode his long tongue. "Tongue me you bastard." She cried.

The beast growled but continued to lick her out. Suddenly the tongue was gone, replaced by the hard cock again. "Oh no. Not that." she cried trying to pull away as he slammed his cock into her pussy again. The beast growled wrapping its paws around her stomach again as it hammered her pussy with its hard cock.

Amanda felt her body pulled hard backwards as she was battered by his thrusting cock. She cried out in pain as he impaled her over and over. He fucked her hard and fast, pulling her body around like it was a rag doll. She felt her back pressed against his hairy chest as he pulled her up. He pulled her pussy down over him impaling her farther down on his cock then before. "Oh god. No..." she cried pulling at the paws holding her as she was forced to ride his monstrous cock.

The beast just growled in her ear, showing its sharp teeth. She whimpered but stopped struggling as he rammed her up and down over him.

Once again he let out a loud howl, emptying himself inside her. When he dropped her back to the floor she just lay there not moving. She knew it was too much to hope he was finished with her. When he dug his muzzle between her legs she whimpered. It turned to a moan though when his tongue flicked over her clit again. "Why are you doing this to me?" She begged as he once again brought her body to life by flicking his tongue over her clit then shoving it inside her only to pull back to shove in again.

He once again brought her to a mind blowing orgasm with his tongue. She didn't fight this time when he slid his cock into her well used pussy. She just whimpered as he fucked her. The pain was less but it was still there. 

She lay there crying as he fucked her pussy then after he came, dug his tongue inside her again until she came. By the fourth or fifth time he had done this she gave up. If he was going to kill her she wished it would be soon. She didn't know how much pain and pleasure she could deal with.

This continued all night. Her screams and cries not heard outside the soundproof walls as the werewolf used her battered body for his own pleasure. He would fuck her to bring himself off then lick her out until she came only to impale her on his hard cock once again. Finally near dawn she passed out. The last thought that entered her head as he slammed his cock into her for the 100th time was...Is it dawn yet?