 "Brilliant Idea, I like it, I like it" Madison said enthusiastically.

"And then, after the week, we broadcast the videos the girls took, and ask the viewers to call in and vote for their favorite girl" Peter Neves summarized to the meeting.

The organizers listened to the latest gimmick, to try and win back the failing viewing figures of the Miss Universe contest.

Madison, the Chairman of the annual Miss Universe contest, had been getting more and more concerned that less people were watching, or even bothered about the contest.

His subordinate's idea pleased him, and he was more than willing to give it a try.

The idea was to fly the Miss Universe finalists to a remote island, and leave them to their own devices. 

Basic accommodation would be built for them, and a generator wired up to afford them some degree of comfort. Food, drink and cooking facilities would be adequate enough to lessen any hardships for the girls.

After the ordeal, the girls would be brought back, and upon the individual's merits, a winner would be picked.

The meeting was concluded. 

The decision had been made; they were going ahead with it.

Six months later, the girls were on their way to the remote island off the Malay peninsular.

************

The camp having been established, it was time to get the workforce off the island, and they were very happy to be going.

The local workforce from the mainland had refused to go to the island, and it was only the temptation of a lot of dollars, that had persuaded them. 

Passed down in their folklore, this island was cursed, and evil spirits were said to live there.

This was laughed at by the organizers as silly superstition, and besides, it was cheap to hire from the local authorities.

*********** 

The Miss Universe contestants arrived the next day.

They had been told to keep their possessions to the minimal. This they had heeded to, and so were soon settled into their new environment.

The accommodation was built so that two girls would share a bedroom, each having a single bed.

Washing and toilet facilities were in an outside structure, of the same wood and bamboo material as the main accommodation, but without a roof.

The kitchen and sitting area was inside the accommodation at the front of the structure. Each girl had been given instructions, on how to use the radio in case of emergencies.

There were twelve finalists for the title of Miss Universe, and each girl was determined to see that they passed this survival test.

The girls were:

Miss Barbados Miss Brazil Miss China Miss France Miss Costa Rica Miss Iceland Miss India Miss Israel Miss Morocco Miss Russia Miss South Africa Miss USA

The girls decided to take it in turns to do the cooking and various chores, such as cleaning. That first night Miss India and Miss South Africa were to cook.

While those two were cooking, the other girls went down to the beach, to watch the sun go down. They were in high spirits and were joking with each other, unaware that in the tree line, eyes were watching them.

The sun slowly sank from the girls view, leaving its coloring on the deep blue night sky. The girls huddled watching the spectacle, silenced by its beauty.

Miss USA was the first to break the silence.

"You know this island is haunted" she told the others.

"What, who said it was"? France asked.

"I was speaking to one of the Malaysians, in the hotel last night" USA said.

"He said that many years ago, pirates used to sail these waters, looking for boats to plunder" USA went on. "One of the most feared, was a pirate called Adam Carter."

The girls listened to USA's story with curiosity befitting a four year old.

"He was a merchant in the eighteenth century. He and his wife left England and went to seek their fortune in Singapore. He soon made a fortune and was happy with how things were going, then trouble came to him."

"What happened"? France asked USA wishing her to hurry the story along.

"His wife ran away with another man. Adam Carter spent a year looking for them. When he eventually found them, he killed them. He returned to Singapore, but the authorities heard about the killings and he had to flee" USA reiterated the story.

"What happened to him"? Iceland asked.

"He boarded a boat going to Indonesia, but on the way pirates attacked, killed everyone except Carter. Because he was a foreigner they were going to hold him for ransom. He knew he would be executed if he went back to Singapore, so that night he slit the pirate leaders throat as he slept" USA had the girls attention completely.

She continued "Seeing what he had done, the other pirates attacked him. He fought like a demon, and killed many of them. Those that remained threw their swords down, their spirit broken by the foreigner's courage."

"Is that it"? France asked.

"No, I was pausing for breath" USA told her "Carter became the pirate's leader. He knew about the merchant ships that left Singapore. His crew and him attacked these ships and robbed them. Their crew and passengers were murdered. Women were raped and thrown overboard, to drown or attacked by sharks."

"How did he die"? France asked.

"For many years he patrolled the seas, robbing, killing and raping. People were scared to put to sea. Eventually the English sent a warship from England to find and kill him. When they caught him, he tried to flee, but they blew his boat out of the water. Bodies were recovered, but his was not. The English said he was blown to pieces." USA told them.

"The matter was forgotten, but locals say, he survived with a few of his men, and made his way up the Malay peninsular. He disguised himself as a local. Over the years people were mysteriously robbed and murdered. Women's bodies were discovered, brutally raped and murdered." USA paused for breath again.

"Eventually locals band together, and went to seek him. They found Carter and his men, and took them to a secret place." USA continued.

"Did they kill him" France asked.

"The locals were afraid to kill him incase they upset the Gods, so they marooned them on a secret island." USA told them. "Nobody would say where it was, for fear of their deed, so over the years its location was lost."

"Someone must know" Iceland said.

"Some locals say it's this island, and because of that no one will come" USA said.

"That is creepy" France said "Thank goodness him and his men are long since dead."

The eyes in the trees dimmed and then vanished, a branch sprung back after its disturbance.

********* 

The girls having finished their supper went to the sitting area and sat chatting about the challenge ahead.

"This is going to be easy" Miss Barbados said "My house back home isn't as nice as this."

Costa Rica agreed "My family would die for this place" she said.

"Well, don't get too comfortable, we've got to pass the tests yet" USA told them.

"What do you think they will make us do" Brazil asked.

"I don't know, nothing too taxing. Probably find buried treasure, or something stupid like that" USA replied.

"Do you think any of the organizers are left on the island" Israel asked.

"No, I asked them that before they left. That's why they taught us how to use the radio" France told them.

"I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm tired. I'm taking a shower and going to bed" Miss Russia said in her heavy accent.

She got a towel from her room and went out to the shower block. The water was nice and refreshing, washing the first days sweat away.

The evening was cool and it showed on her. Her nipples were erect and goose bumps covered her body. She rubbed the lather over her firm breasts, her nipples giving her pleasure as she soaped them.

Working the lather down her body, she came to her pussy and vigorously rubbed the soap up and down the crack. Putting the soap down, she concentrated on cleaning herself between her legs and the hole of her back passage.

She rubbed the lather over her clit, pulling the hood back to get at it better. She had always thought she had an exceptionally large clit; its sensitivity had given her hours of wonderful sexual bliss.

She was glad she was alone in the shower, because it gave her the freedom to play with herself. She looked up at the night sky, the shower block having no roof. Only the man in the moon could watch her, as she fingered her pussy.

But she was wrong. 

A pair of eyes was looking down at her, from the branch of the nearby tree. They watched as her fingers pumped in and out of her cunt. They watched as the fingers were pushed into her asshole, and they liked what they saw.

The ears by the eyes heard the whimper, as the orgasm flushed the young girl's body. The mouth beneath the eyes opened slightly at the corner, releasing a string of foul smelling drool that dropped to the ground.

Miss Russia felt her composure returning after her finger fuck, and began to wash her long red hair. She lathered it well, bunching it together and rubbing it hard.

"Owwww" she screeched "Who's there."

Her nipple was throbbing from the powerful pinch it had just received. She was desperately trying to wash the soap out of her stinging eyes.

"Owww...shit" she cried out, the soap hurting her.

She managed to wash the soap from her eyes, and quickly looked round to see who the joker was. But no one was there. She was all alone. At least she thought she was.

The eyes back in the tree saw her examining her nipple. They feasted upon her pained expression, and they liked it.

"Okay, who is the joker" Miss Russia asked, entering the room.

"What" USA simply asked?

"Someone just twisted my nipple" Russia said.

"No one has left the room" USA told her.

"But I felt it. It hurt" Russia said looking confused.

"Something like that happened to me" Brazil spoke out "The next day I had to go to the doctors, my nipple was swollen. He said it had been bitten by an insect."

"Same as me" France said "But it wasn't an insect. It was my boyfriend, he's an animal."

The girls laughed. Miss Russia went to her room, not finding it at all funny.

Later, as the girls slept in their beds, a shadow entered the room. It moved to the bed of the one that had bathed. 

The bed sheet glided over the sleeping girl, the cold eyes of the shadow seeing the beauty before it.

The girl dreamt of demons and all things bad. She dreamt of heat and burning, and an urgency to run. She dreamt the heat was making her sweat; it was burning her very soul. It was clawing her body, pulling her towards the darkness.

She felt her nipple aching again, the pain returning but much worse this time. She felt a throbbing between her legs, the need to make it throb even harder was sending her mad.

She had to do something, anything to satisfy the craving she felt below. She needed to feed it, to give it everything it wanted, just to increase the pleasure and lust it required.

Then she could do no more, she was flying through the darkness, spinning around rapidly, she was leaving her body, the energy evaporating into the night.

Above her was a single speck of light. As she spun the speck became bigger. All the time getting bigger. Sounds were coming back to her ears, as if bouncing off cave walls. She couldn't understand them, but they grew louder as she span.

Then she could understand them. She recognized the sound. They sounded like her very own voice. But why was she shouting those words. It can't be her, she thought. But they were.

"Fuck...yes, fuck...fuck...fuck me."

The light surrounded her now. It was all around her. It was pulling her from her sleep. Taking her to her voice.

But why were her legs up to her chest. Why wasn't she wearing her nightdress and why were there people in her room.

She looked at the other girls staring down at her. They were looking not at her face but below her stomach. 

Why were they smiling and sniggering. Then she looked at where they were looking. The coke bottle she had taken to the room was sticking out of her pussy. At least some was, most was deep inside.

Her hairbrush was in her asshole, equally as far up. She couldn't take the scene in, it was unbelievable.

She tried to speak but couldn't, the shock of it had silenced her. One by one the girls left the room, she listened to their talk.

"That's why her nipple hurt, she's been jerking off too much" one said.

"Remind me not to drink any coke, don't know where it's been" Another said.

Miss China who was sharing looked stunned by it all. She was the one who had been woken first. The sounds of Russia frightened her. It was as if she was being killed. Then when she had turned the light on, she saw her like that.

Even the room was stinking from the smell of it.

Miss China couldn't stand the smell; it clawed at her nose, strong and pungent almost a sickly sweet rotting smell. She had to leave the room.

Russia reached down and pulled the bottle and then the brush, from her holes. As she did, a stream of gooey gray slime trickled out. She put a finger into it and smelt it. It was the worst smell she had ever known.

She wanted to rush to the shower and wash it away, but she was too frightened to go into the night. Pulling the sheet to her chin, she gripped it tight, her eyes darting round the room. She prayed for Miss China to return, but she didn't.

Her eyes lids grew heavy, she wanted sleep but fear gripped her. The disgusting slime in her holes was burning her. It was irritating her and she wished it gone.

She tried to wipe it away but it wouldn't stop leaking out. It felt like man cum, but that was impossible. She stuck her fingers into her pussy to try drawing the slime out; it just grew more and more.

She started to wildly pump her fingers into her cunt, to pull the slime out. She pumped harder and quicker, the heat from her cunt was too much.

Falling out of bed, she got onto her knees, her top half lying on the mattress. She stuck her fingers into her burning cunt, they felt good inside her. She needed more than fingers inside her; she craved for something bigger to put the fire out.

The bedroom window opened with a crack as it swung against the wall. She was happy. She knew her burning would be serviced. She pulled her cunt lips apart, inviting the shadows to her.

"Ohhhhh...fuck yes" she screamed as she felt the rigid shape plough into her cunt.

She pushed back against it, filling her completely. The shape beat into her cunt without mercy.

The shadow was no more. In its place was a form, a human form. Its cold hands grasping at the girls tits. It clawed at her nipples, twisting them roughly. The girl held the cold hands to her, urging them on as the things cock pounded into her ravenous cunt.

"Aaaaggghhhh...ooowwww" she screamed out as her cunt grabbed the cock, her cum dripping out of her.

The cock was driving into her relentlessly. She was cumming rapidly, licking her lips from the lust she was feeling.

She felt the cock twitching and then the burning of loads of slime squirting into her. She craved for more, and she was to be rewarded.

As the human form shot its slime into her, it turned into shadow, moving back towards the other shadows.

Another shadow moved forward and a different human form appeared from it, with rigid cock protruding.

"Fuck...Yeahhh" the girl screamed as the cock ploughed into her asshole.

************

Sleep was denied the other girls, as the shrills of ecstasy resounded through the corridors. Girls were disgusted by the lack of inhibitions Miss Russia was showing. Her masturbating was keeping them awake.

However, of those girls that were disgusted, there were also those that were listening, with fingers up their sweet little cunts.

************ 

Next day Miss China gingerly went back into her room. Miss Russia was sleeping. The sheet pulled over her head. Grabbing her wash bag and towel, China went back out, quietly closing the door behind her.

From beneath the sheet, Miss Russia smiled to herself and fell back asleep, dreaming of more fucking to come, and her hand resting on her battered cunt.

The girls showered, had breakfast and prepared themselves for their second day on the island.

Miss USA radioed the mainland camp, and told them all was well.

The organizer had told her and the girls assembled, of their first challenge. It was to find the golden cow. They were given some hints to help them, but it was for each to find alone.

Gathering together what they thought they needed, the girls went looking for the golden cow. Splitting up, they went their separate ways into the island.

Meanwhile, Miss Russia was smashing the radio with a tree branch.

"Be careful of Adam Carter" USA shouted to Barbados.

"Very funny" Barbados shouted back.

Hearing its name, the shadow stirred in its smelly pit.

The sun rays danced across the tree canopy, shafts of the warm light spotlighting pockets of earth below.

Panting and beginning to sweat, Miss Barbados fought her way up the slope. The hill that looked not too big from the bottom was now becoming an arduous climb. The cotton shirt was sticking to her body, her tight shorts digging into her crutch.

She wished she had put her bikini top on, to allow her to take the shirt off. Her tits were not supported by anything, and were swinging from side to side as she climbed. The material was chaffing her nipples, making them erect and sore.

Barbados stopped, hearing something. 

It was the sound of water.

It was coming from her right. She stopped climbing, going towards the sound instead.

Fighting her way through undergrowth, she came to a clearing.

She saw the waterfall above her. The sound of crashing water scarring her with its might. The pool below the fall was being whipped into a white frothy foam. Near her, the pool was calm, cool and inviting.

Barbados looked all around her. She was alone. Quickly stripping off, she jumped into the pool. Its cold water making her scream out. As she frolicked in the water, the eyes glared at the fine black skin.

Her breasts were large as were the nipples, her pussy was covered in thick, neatly trimmed curly hair.

As she swam, a shadow was cast upon the pool, its form disappearing under the surface. 

The girls scream was cut short, as she was pulled beneath. 

She struggled from the grip but it held her fast, the light from above faded as consciousness left her.

************* 

Miss India had found the golden cow. It was merely a crudely painted cow on canvass, one of the organizers probably only spending ten minutes painting it.

Girls were shouting to each other, that they all could return back. The task was complete.

They burst into the hut laughing amongst them, only to be silenced by the sight of the smashed radio.

"What the fuck" USA shouted.

They went over to the pieces of smashed radio.

"How the fuck has this happened" USA asked.

"I've got no idea" South Africa replied.

They all stood there, looking at the scene.

"Where's the handset" France asked.

"It should be in the store room" USA said.

Miss France ran to the back of the hut, and into the store.

"It's not here" they heard her shout.

Miss China went to her room, and then came back.

"She's not here" she told them.

"Who" asked USA?

"Miss Russia" China said "She was the only one left here. She must have smashed the radio."

"That sick bitch" USA said "I'll kill her."

************* "This is Miss Russia, come in base."

"Go ahead Miss Russia, this is base."

"I have it, I have the golden cow."

"Well done, you win first merit points. We have been trying to call you, no reply your end, over"

"The radio has problem, am using handset, over."

"Okay Russia, make sure to keep charged. Will call tomorrow. Base out."

"Russia out."
