 Kristin's boot sank into the soft and muddy ground. The forest floor was still damp from the last of the fall rains. Soon the weather will turn cold and snow will cover the mountains that framed the valley. She hoisted her backpack a little higher on her shoulders and marched on. This was the last hike of the year, the last check on the range under her supervision. After this, the Forest Service will go into hibernation, just like the bears. 

Below her was the tip of the long, thin lake that filled the valley. And at the tip of it was the Hound Hotel, a pale presence caught between the dark green firs and the jewel blue lake. A few windows glowed orange, standing out from the pale cream colored walls.

"Odd", thought Kristin, "it's usually empty this time of year."

The Hound Hotel was mostly empty most of the year. Built in the 1920's it was meant to anchor the development of the valley as a resort destination. But few people ever came. It now stood empty, used mostly for exotic weddings and the odd hunting group.

Kristin made her way towards the hotel. Anyone staying there needed to know that soon the snows would come and the hotel will be locked in, unaccessible by road or air. Adjusting her Forest Service hat and making sure her green uniform was in shape, she started the long winding walk towards the old hotel.

There were no cars parked in the small muddy lot of the hotel. But that was not surprising. Most people came by boat. As she rounded the corner of the hotel, Kristin saw two long wooden speedboats tied to the pier. Beautiful boats, she noticed, with the swooping lines of the luxury boats of old, the kind that used to service this hotel during its heydays. Glad to see that someone had taken good care of them.

The entrance of the hotel faced the lake, the front ornate and decorated with wood carvings. The large glass doors opened onto the dining room which took up the whole of the first floor. The lights were on, and Kristin could see people moving inside. She walked up the marble stairs and made her way inside, past the Belle Epoque stained glass doors.

She was immediately taken by the warmth of the air, sweet smelling and musky as if someone had been burning incense. Music was playing somewhere. Inside, a dozen or so people were laughing and dancing, each dressed in colorful costumes. Some were in tuxedoes and ball gowns, but wore face masks. 

Kristin immediately felt ill-at-ease in her bland uniform and muddy boots. The lobby was decorated in rich red velvets, marble and oak, crystal chandeliers hanging from a cream ceiling. Though no one seemed to pay any attention to her, the people here were obviously of a wealthier class than she. She was the daughter of logger, from a logging family. She was not used to fancy parties.

A woman approached her, all smiles, dressed in a golden flapper dress that left her shoulders and long legs bare. Unlike the others, she had no mask on, nothing to hide her youthful beauty and long blond hair.

"That's a great costume!" Said the woman, cheerfully.

"Ma'am," answered Kristin a bit ruefully, "it's not a costume. I'm with the Forest Service. Can I speak with the organizer of this party?"

"Ooh, is there some trouble?" Asked the blonde.

"No, I just need to make sure everyone safe. The weather is about to turn and it's important the Service knows who's where in case of trouble."

"I'll take you to Grant," said the blonde, taking Kristin by the hand and leading her towards the back of the lobby.

Kristin let herself be led through a series of hallways and small back rooms until they finally emerged in a what must have been a men's smoking lounge, back in the day. The walls were clad in dark oak, hung with tapestries or framed with bookshelves. Tall windows looked out onto the dark forested mountains. The furniture was heavy and dark, the kind that swallowed you up in its dark green velvet.

Most of the furniture had been pushed back though, to make room for a large easel. On the other side of the room a table had been draped with heaps of tapestry, pillows and foot stools. On the table, draped elegantly across the heap, was a naked woman. At the easel stood a man, dressed in a suit, paint brush and paint tray in hands, uncaring of the mess he was making on the carpeted floor or of his suit.

"Grant!" Exclaimed the blonde woman, "there a lady to see you about the weather!"

The woman let go of Kristin's hand in order to run over to the table and give a friendly kiss to the naked woman.

"What about the weather?" Asked Grant.

He was a tall man, with sharp features and piercing blue eyes, his hair a mop of graying black hair. He wore his suit like an ill-fitting costume, jacket and shirt unbuttoned to reveal a skinny and hairless chest.

"It's about to turn," said Kristin, trying to bring her mind to the moment. This scene was far from what she was expecting to encounter when she took off from her base camp this morning.

"So what. We'll be fine. Is the building going to collapse?" Said Grant rather brusquely.

"No, but the Forest Service likes to know who is out here in case something happens, that's all."

"The Forest Service? Is that a Lady's Outdoor Activity League sort of thing?" He asked, perplexed.

"No sir, it's part of the Federal government." Explained Kristin, a little puzzled.

"Never heard of it." Said Grant, flatly.

"Well, I guess I should go," said Kristin. "Have a good day."

She turned and headed back the way she came.

Before she made it through the door, she heard Grant call out.

"You should stay," he said.

Kristin turned. He was busy applying paint on his canvas, looking intently at the nude woman on the table. Without turning to Kristin, he continued: 

"You said the weather was turning. And the day is getting late. Stay the night, leave in the morning."

He finally turned to her and smiled, and Kristin saw the charmer behind the gruff manner.

"After all, " he said, " there's plenty of room."

*

The blonde had lead Kristin to a room upstairs so that she could drop her bags. Kristin was still unsure as to what had made her agree to the offer. The bed did look comfy, though right now the blonde was lounging elegantly on it.

Kristin was pulling her boots off, trying not to get mud on the carpet.

"The water works, you should take a shower, and then I can find you a costume," said the blonde. "It's a costume party! Grant throws these wonderful and decadent parties, I hope you won't be offended. He's an artist, he runs in those kind of crowds, you know, bohemian. We all get quite a kick out of it."

"That's okay," answered Kristin," technically I'm still working. I don't think it would be appropriate for me to.."

"Nonsense!" The blonde cut her off. "Tonight we are all having fun, and so are you. What should we dress you as?"

Kristin hesitated. She had taken off her boots and jacket and was standing there in her loose hiking pants and stiff, ill fitting shirt. She was most comfortable in sweat pants and plaid shirt; she squirmed under the gaze of the pretty and elegant woman on the bed.

"Well, you're too tall to fit into anything I have. And too broad shouldered," said the blonde. "Take off your shirt, and let me see you better."

Kristin hesitated, unwilling at first to drop her professional self. She was an officer in the Forest Service after all. But the situation was so bizarre, absurd really, that Kristin let go and decided that, just for the night, she would play along and have fun. It's not everyday that you are the focus of a rich and sophisticate woman. This was a chance to play, and Kristin had always been willing and eager to do so. She dropped the shirt on a nearby chair, leaving her in her sports bra and under shirt.

"My god, " said the blonde," you are quite the specimen! I think the only thing that will do is if we dress you as an Amazon! Grant will love it, he will insist on painting you!"

And so it was.

Kristin found herself walking down the stairs, led by the blonde, dressed in some sort of toga, her brown hair piled loosely on top of her head. She was very conscious of her bare breasts moving loosely under the thin toga, their fullness barely hidden. She could feel her thick nipples puckering in the cool air.

The blonde had found some large metal bracelets to go on her wrists and arms, and even some leather sandals to go on her feet. A tin sword had been scavenged from a wall decoration, as had a wooden shield from some Pacific Island. The contradictions apparently bothered no one. A few people cheered as she came down.

"look what I have for you!" exclaimed the blonde as she pushed Kristin into the back lounge. 

Grant turned and smiled, delighted.

"Wonderful! I must paint you!" He exclaimed.

"I told you so," said the blonde, smugly.

"Catherine, you are a blessing," said Grant to the blonde. He turned to Kristin.

"Please, stand by the table." He motioned to the naked woman on the table,"Sarah, stay there, you are the maiden, protected by your Amazon warrior!"

Kristin did as she was told, standing awkwardly stiff in front of the naked woman. They exchanged smiles, the woman, Sarah, curling close to Kristin, her curly black hair brushing against her arm, her soft breasts pressed against her back. Kristin had to laugh at herself. What had she gotten herself into!? But it was a new experience, and she was curious to see where it would lead.

"Catherine! Wine for our guest, and I need more whiskey. And you ladies, wonderful, wonderful, don't move a muscle!"

An hour passed quickly. Kristin guessed that not much painting was getting done. People were wandering in and out, chatting with Grant, drinking and laughing. They were all taking a break, Sarah, still naked, curled up in a chair, wine glass in hand. Kristin had put her sword and shield down and sitting on a couch. Grant was holding court, a half-dozen other people draped here and there across the furniture, listening intently. 

"Crowley, the Beast! The most wicked man on Earth he was called. Maybe. But what we do know is that in 1889, in a place very similar to this one, on the shore of an old, dark lake, Loch Ness! He performed a ritual. A long, dangerous ritual. For days and nights he chanted and cast his spells. And then...nothing. He left, probably sorely disappointed. And yet...soon after, the first sighting of the Loch Ness Monster began to occur. Maybe the old Beast had been successful after all. Maybe he had summoned from the depths some demonic entity that haunts the Loch still...."

"Ooooh, imagine doing that ritual again!" Said Catherine," do you think we could summon some monster in our lake?"

"My dear Catherine, " said Grant,"we have been performing that ritual here for the last three nights. Why do you think Robert over there is dressed like a goat?"

He pointed at a young man, dressed in a tuxedo, his face hidden by a horned mask.

Everyone laughed.

"I'm not a goat, I'm the god Pan!" The young man exclaimed, apparently offended.

"Kristin," said Grant, turning to her, "are you drunk yet?"

Kristin looked down at her empty wine glass.

"Not yet, but I wouldn't say no to another glass of red." She answered. The truth is that she was feeling nice and warm, and probably, yes, she was well on the way of getting drunk.

"Wonderful! Catherine, another drink for our guest please. And now, back to work. Enough of this Amazon get up. Kristin, I think it is only appropriate, considering what tonight is, that we dress you up in a more appropriate way."

"What's tonight?" Asked Kristin.

"Why, but tonight is Halloween, of course," answered Grant.

Sarah, still naked, led Kristin to the table. Sarah removed the bracelets and the sandals from Kristin's arms and legs, leaving her with nothing but the short toga and her panties.

Someone handed Sarah a mask, which she proceeded to place on Kristin's head. It was made of thick red leather, and heavy. It covered Kristin's face completely, as well as most of her head, almost like a helmet. Kristin felt around it, discovering that long curved horns projected from the top of it.

She could only see through thin slits in the mask now, so she let herself be led to the table where Sarah made her stand against it, leaning her ass again the edge.

Someone lifted up the hem of her toga. Kristin looked down, trying to fend away the hands. But Sarah grabbed hers, stopping her.

"it's okay, don't worry" whispered Sarah gently.

Kristin angled her head so that she could see what was happening. Sarah had reached under the toga and was tugging at Kristin's panties. Either because of the wine or because of the odd situation, Kristin let her. She spread her feet a bit to allow the pair of white cotton panties to fall to the ground.

Sarah next tied a red ribbon around her waist, under the toga. Kristin felt momentarily embarrassed to have her pubis revealed to the onlookers, though Sarah herself was naked. She tried to relax and let Sarah tie the ribbon. 

Attached to the ribbon, and now resting on her pubic bone, was a large, gold painted wooden cock. It was fully erect, rising proudly from the auburn curls of Kristin's mound. When Sarah let the Toga drop back down, it poked proudly up, lifting the fabric.

Finally Sarah untied the toga from Kristin's neck, letting the fabric fall and revealing the heavy breasts that hid behind it, the dark pink nipples thick and hard already. Kristin felt buzzed, embarrassed, and yet felt no urge to cover up. Everyone was looking at her, staring at her bare breasts, at that gold cock rising from her naked crotch. And yet she felt empowered by the looks. A new feeling for her.

Catherine moved to her side. She shook herself out of her flapper dress, letting it fall to the ground and revealing her naked body. The two women, equally nude, stood on either side of Kristin now. Catherine, lithe, blonde, small breasts perched high on her chest, a small tuft of pale blonde pubes barely hiding the swelling folds of her sex. And Sarah, a dark mass of curly black hair almost hiding her powder-dark eyes, her lips a dark red. She was curvier than Catherine, her breasts heavier and tipped with small brown nipples. A fan of dark hair crowned her sex.

Kristin stood between them, almost a foot taller, broad in the shoulders and hips, her breasts heavy and round, her legs long and muscled. She was used to hard physical work, and it showed in the hard ridges of muscles in her shoulders and thighs, in the wash of abs that led to the V of her groin. Kristin had always been a tomboy, and teased about her height and strength. But she didn't feel embarrassed now. Everyone was looking at her with a kind of awe.

Grant made wild grunts and gestures, which Sarah and Catherine seemed to understand. They knelt at Kristin's feet, leaning their heads against her hips. Their hands rested on her legs, gently stroking her thighs.

Grant made some quick and savage strokes on the canvas with a chunk go charcoal.He grunted and Sarah shifted, looking up at Kristin with a look of adoration. Grant drew frantically.

Grant called out hoarsely, "more!".

Sarah and Catherine squatted on their heels and turned their faces towards the golden cock rising from Kristin's crotch. Delicately, tentatively, they extended parted lips and started kissing it. Catherine extended her tongue and gave it a long sensuous lick.

Kristin watched mesmerized at the display.

"You! Look up! Look at me!" barked Grant.

Kristin looked up, unable to see anymore what was happening at her feet, the mask blocking her vision.

She became all the more aware fo the hands the two women had place on her legs. They were moving, pulling at her legs to get closer to the golden cock, pressing their breasts and hard nipples again the warm flesh of her thighs. Finger tips brushed past the soft juncture of inner thigh and outer lips, drawing gasps from Kristin.

Grant was drawing in fast, hard strokes.

Finally it happened. Fingers brushes against the lips of her sex, parting them. The fingers came back, found her again, found the wetness between them.

Kristin's knees almost buckled. Everyone was watching as the three of them posed, naked, for this mad artist, frozen in their position. Meanwhile, a slim finger was making its way past the soft tangles of her pubic hair, sliding between the soft lips of her sex to find a well of slick wetness and, beyond it, the hard nub of her clit.

Kristin was glad she was wearing a mask. She screwed her eyes shut, biting her lips so as not to make a sound.

The finger made an insistent orbit around her clit, over and over again, drawing bolts of pleasure that ricocheted from hips to head, making her nipples harder and more strained, aching to be touched.

"More," grunted Grant.

The two women moved again. This the Sarah stood up and faced Kristin. She draped her arms around her neck and lifted herself up, wrapping her legs around Kristin's waist. Kristin braced herself against the table to take the weight, and found it easy. Catherine was down below, kneeling. Kristin found herself eye to eye with Sarah, and watched as her eyes rolled in the back of her head, her mouth gape and a moan of pleasure escape form her lips. 

What was happening? But the pressure on her pubis, the warmth of Sarah's body so tight against hers, breast crushed against breasts, told her everything. That golden cock had slipped inside Sarah's pussy. She was slowly fucking herself on it, grinding herself onto it.

Kristin hands went to grab Sarah under her ass, to take some of her weight, but Grant barked an order at her.

"Arm to the side! Palms towards me."

Kristin stood still in an almost Christ-like pose, arms held out to her side, as Sarah slowly fucked herself on the golden cock. 

Catherine knelt at her feet, head tilted back. Her tongue slipped out and flicked across Kristin's clit.

For a second time Kristin's knees almost gave out as a bolt of pleasure shot through her.

"Up on the table!" Barked Grant.

Catherine stood up and grabbed Kristin by the hips, helping her sit on the table. Sarah hung on to Kristin's neck. The women giggled as Kristin struggled to heave herself up and onto the pillow covered table top. With Grant shouting instructions, Kristin was soon propped up on a foot stool on top of the table, with Sarah still wrapped around her waist.

But Kristin was now sitting with her legs open, her feet crossed below her. The pose was explicit, revealing. She could feel the lips of her sex part, exposing the pink and wet folds of her pussy, framed by a tangle of brown curls.

From behind the mask Kristin looked out at the assembled group of people. Some had their gaze fixed on her. Others were preoccupied with each other, kissing, hands roaming across bodies. The atmosphere had shifted, the scent of sex in the air. Kristin knew that a line was being crossed, and she had to choose to leave now or be carried away by the mood. She stayed fixed, her sex aimed at the watching audience.

Catherine leaned between her thighs and kissed Kristin's soft pussy. The tip of her tongue brushed against her hard clit, making Kristin gasp. Catherine walked away. But soon the people in the room moved forward and, one by one, men and women, they leaned forward and kissed her pussy, lapping between the folds to drink from her juices. Some kissed briefly, others lingered, tasting, sucking and licking. Each kiss sent shivers and bolts of pleasure through Kristin. Sarah, meanwhile, was still slowly fucking herself on the gold cock as the line of people paraded beneath her ass to kiss Kristin's exposed sex.

Soon, too soon, everyone in the room had tasted Kristin's pussy. She moaned in frustration when no one else stepped up to lick her pussy. She had been so close to cumming!
