 Sorry for the delay in continuing any of my previously posted work. Here is something I started a few months ago. Hopefully it will tide you over until I can get a moment to breath and finish up the second chapters of my other stories.

All characters depicted in this story are 18 years old or older.

*

Mindy couldn't help it. Ever since she was a little girl, she had always been afraid of the childhood toy: Jack in the box. Her older brother had laughed at her when she would scream and hide at the laughing clown that bounced back and forth, a leer painted on his plastic face, his small, cloth hands spread wide in surprise. She felt there was something more to the man hidden in the cube, the mechanical laughter drawing shivers up and down her small spine.

Fortunately, for Mindy, childhood quickly passed and adolescence began. Her parents got a divorce and she moved away with her father while her brother stayed with their mom in their original house. Her room was kept the same for her even after she moved away; keeping the pale lavender wall paper and the lace fringed white curtains that looked over the meadows and single lane of the country road. Her father moved to the city and she stayed with him most of the year, only visiting her mom for a week every six months, her brother coming to visit for the same time with their father.

Adolescence moved to teen years then finally to college. Robby, Mindy's brother, stayed mainly on campus while Mindy usually stayed with their dad, making use of the apartment as he left more frequently for business trips. It was during one of these trips that Robby called Mindy, explaining that with both of them living away from home that their mother was selling the house and renting a condo down near the Gulf Coast. He explained that mom would be shipping all of Mindy's belongings to her and it was her choice to do with them as she pleased. Thanking Robby, Mindy hung up the phone, thinking nothing of it as she went back to her studies.

Several weeks passed with the finals for her class passing in a flurry just before the Christmas season. After completing her last test, Mindy returned to the apartment to find the delivery truck unloading several boxes, Christmas presents mixed in with the things her mom had sent her. Mindy signed the paper held before her then hurried to bring the boxes inside, ripping the tape off and looking through the boxes. With her studies taking up so much of her time, Mindy hardly gave much thought to the holiday season. As a student, she was dedicated to her work, trying to get towards her goal of being a biochemist with a minor in molecular biology. It was a hard major yet a subject she was quite interested in, easily explaining her lapse in time, with the addition of her paternal parent's absence.

The presents were set down on the couch, Mindy far more interested in the objects of her childhood, things that might bring a few bittersweet memories of innocence. In one of the boxes she found the age worn cube with the tiny metal handle connected to a side. Mindy was well aware what the toy was, a jack in the box, yet the horrific childhood memories of her fears with the toy were long gone. Just then, the phone rang and, disengaging herself from the mess she had made, Mindy ran towards her bedroom, tossing the toy down towards the bottom of the bed as she caught the phone just before the answering machine picked up. Hearing her father on the end of the phone, Mindy smiled, giving a bright cheery greeting. 

"Hey Daddy, how's the meeting going?"

"Great, sweetie. We're all done. Pro's Tec will be out this next summer. It will be the latest in professional organization. I swear, every major corporation and company will have it and will be using it to its limits!"

Mindy giggled at the sound of her father's excitement, getting excited herself with the knowledge that he was finished with the business, usually meaning his return. "So, you'll be home for Christmas then?"

There was a slight pause and her father's good natured voice coming a little softer than before. "Aww... naw sweetie. Jennifer and I are going to the Bahamas."

"Jennifer?"

"Yeah, you know sweetie, that girl you met during Thanksgiving break. Long blonde hair, leggy. Come on... you remember."

Bringing up the image of the barely graduate of college into her mind, Mindy gave a weak reply in agreement, trying not to grumble a little under her breath. "Yeah..."

"Great. Well, happy Christmas, baby. I have to get going."

Swallowing down her sigh, Mindy wished her father a happy Christmas as well before hanging up. 

Turning from the phone, she looked at the mirror positioned near the windows. Pulling up her shirt, Mindy studied the flat line of her stomach. While no muscle tone was defined she was hardly average in size. She had her mother's willow frame and dark curling hair that went down to mid-back. Her blue eyes seemed wide and gave her a china doll appearance with her small five foot, two inch stature and heart shaped face. Even with all of usually attractive traits, Mindy still found herself single due to her studies. She had lost her virginity her last year of high school and had broken up with her boyfriend that summer. Ever since she always found herself highly frustrated, the slightest brush of anything against her lips enough to arouse her and get her wet and needy.

She felt that need right now and slowly began to strip herself, stroking her hands over her firm breasts, their size just large enough to fill her hands completely, and down her stomach to her hips. She touched the trimmed strip of hair that protected the entrance to her pussy and smiled at the image of herself. Watching her hands she imagined a man entering her room, somehow remaining in shadows as he began to touch her, her hands becoming his as she watched the mirror, her voice his as she spoke to herself.

"Look at this needy cunt. Do you want me to touch it?" Her hands skimmed around her thighs, her nails biting into her flesh for a second. She felt her legs tremble and parted them just a bit. She laughed a little, her hands traveling up her hips, petting at the landing strip near the top of her lips. "I can see you do but I don't think you want it enough." Her hands slid up her stomach, stroking it gently, a sensitive part of her body she loved to have petted with her body pinned down. Just remembering when she had been placed in that situation, her boyfriend teasing her body until she begged him for release of some sort. He had fucked her silly and she had been sore for several days but it had been the best night of her life. 

Stumbling back towards the bed she laid down with her legs spread wide, her fingers worked her clit madly, her breath coming fast as her hips rocked up and down against her hand. Playing with her nipples with her other hand she moaned, waiting until she felt herself coming close towards her orgasm before sliding her fingers in her and finger-fucking herself, using the heel of her palm to grind against her clit as she came. She screamed, her hips jerking a little even as she continued stroking herself, only stopping when she became too sensitive. Removing her hands, she lay splayed over the bed, her eyes closed, slowly calming down and falling asleep.

In her dreams Mindy was in complete darkness. Her limbs felt heavy and unmovable, her body felt like it was floating, similar to the feeling you have when recovering from some cold medications. She felt frightened yet, even through that, she felt herself growing wet, realizing through warm currents of air that her legs were spread wide, her hands pinned above her head, her body naked with the warm air currents caressing her skin. Closing her eyes she whimpered as she heard mechanical laughter, felt a light, soft touch against her inner thighs, slowly working towards her pussy. She felt the small touch circle around her thighs, a soft sigh sounding in satisfaction as whatever was between her thighs looked at her swollen lips. She could smell her arousal and she blushed, knowing that whatever was between her legs would be aware of her arousal as well. Again, she heard the laughter, as if the thing knew she was embarrassed from her reaction. The soft object on her left thigh left her skin, slowly stroking down gently against the slit of the lips, slowly applying more and more pressure, parting the lips until her hips jerked a little from the brush against her clit, the movement subdued by the heavy limb feeling.

Mindy whimpered the entire situation arousing to the extreme even as she was humiliated. The Man, as she began to call it in her mind, seemed to know this as she felt the soft object leave her sex and she heard the obvious sound of licking and sucking, as if it was enjoying cleaning the object that had only been stroking her a moment ago, the gentle sound of what she could only describe as rough purring coming from where it rested. She moaned in despair, her head turning to the side, only to give a small scream as she felt a spank to her clit. Obviously The Man didn't like her melodrama and chose to show her that she was enjoying this, even through all her theatrics. Whatever was used to spank her clit now patted it repeatedly from various angles, Mindy gasping and moaning as her hips wiggled about, the sensations furthering her desire, making an aching feeling grow in the pit of her stomach. 

The Man seemed pleased with her response as she heard his mechanical laugh again. She listened to his heavy breathing as the touch pulled away. With no touch she felt her nerves grow taunt, wondering what he could be doing, what he was planning. She grew more and more aroused through it all, feeling her juices trickle down along her ass cheeks, being soaked up beneath her into the bedding. 

Suddenly she felt a vibration, tugging towards her body, through the object between she was lying on before she felt her cunt attacked by a tongue, her pussy lips spread wide apart as the tongue licked her from asshole to clit, drawing out the juices from her hot, tight hole before sucking on her clit. Mindy screamed and cried, her hips moving very little though she knew she should be bucking like wild. The lack of movement stimulated her more, giving her body no respite from the driving tongue. Mindy closed her eyes tight, soft cries coming from her as she felt the tongue slide into her deeper than she had ever felt anything go before, licking and wiggling against her tight walls, pulling out only to drive back in just as deep.

She felt the impending orgasm and strained her body towards it, forgetting to be embarrassed or humiliated by her assailant. Just as her body began to tense in preparation she felt the tongue move itself from between her legs. Her breath came in short, hard, pants for several moments, tears gathering against her eyelids as she felt her body scream for some form of relief. Still, even with the riot going inside her body she felt this sixth sense, knowing that if she wanted it to continue she would have to open her eyes. 

Slowly her eyes parted and she blinked in surprise, finding herself back in her room, the lights on. Momentarily she was distracted by the sudden change until the mechanical laughter heard so clearly in her dreams caught her attention. Lifting her head, she looked down between her bare breasts, gasping as she saw the Jack in the Box clown positioned between her thighs, bouncing up and down as he might in his box as his hands waved and a tongue slithered up and down from his open mouth.

Mindy found no voice to scream with and tried to snap her legs shut only to find the box of the toy impairing her completely, giving him enough room to easily continue eating her. She watched as one of his hands reached down, stroking against her clit, her hips jerking in response and a gush of her juices rushing out of her needy hole. Tears began to fall freely from her face, feeling her body react in a willing response even as the fear coursed through here.

"Mindy..." the toy called, "Go ahead and try to fight me. My magic is too strong for you and your body too weak and willing." As if to accent his statement she felt the toy hand slide against her aching hole, gathering up juices, which she watched it lick up, the hand disappearing into the mouth as the painted red lips sucked. Her wide eyes caught that of the dark, bottomless stare of its black eyes, hypnotized by what she was watching. Slowly the muscles in her legs eased open and she watched as it grinned. 

"That's it Mindy, give in to your needs." She blushed hard at the statement, knowing it to be true as she watched the toy head once more duck between her thighs, the tongue once more feathering across her clit before burying itself deep within her. Mindy moaned loudly, her head falling back to the pillow, thrashing from side to side a bit, loving how the long tongue fucked her. As a toy hand came up to her clit and began to rub slow and hard, her hips gave a jerk, her body tensing and trembling as she orgasmed. The long tongue continues to fuck her, the red lips pressed to her hole and sucking the girl cum from her.

Mindy screamed; her body once more pinned down by some magical energy, keeping her body from moving as Jack prolonged her orgasm with his continued attention, his tongue flicking back and forth against her g-spot. Only when the feelings became too painful and she began whimpering did the magical energy float away and Jack remove himself from her pussy. 

Through half closed eyes Mindy watched as the toy straightened itself, the once plastic features appearing alive, though still painted as a clown, the tiny hands once made of cloth now the same as any human's, only miniature in size. Swallowing hard at what she was seeing she felt the fear rise inside her. Seeming to sense this, the black eyes fixed on hers and she heard the mechanical laughter as it smiled, a show of many straight white teeth.

"I'll be back Mindy, and you'll love every minute of it."

With that, the toy closed up, and Mindy slowly closed her eyes as she relaxed into the bed. She didn't bother to move the toy or close her spread legs, letting the cool air of the night brush over her tender pussy as she tried to grasp all that had happened only to fall deeply asleep instead.