 Part Five, The Shower

Samuel awoke with sore muscles and a stiff back. He pushed himself up to a sitting position and scanned Cricket's living room. The light of the morning sun caused the room to glow in a soft white, with rays warming the spot of floor where he had been laying. 

Cricket stood in front of the small counter that separated the kitchen from the living room and split a carton of Chinese food into two halves. He eyed her from head to feet as she seemed oblivious to his waking. She rubbed a hand through her short red hair as she eyed each paper plate. The white t-shirt she wore hugged her small frame tightly as it rode up her back enough to show her the bare skin of her lower back. Her ass cheeks stuck out of her thin black panties as she lifted one leg to scratch an itch on the back of the other. 

"Samuel," she began but cut her own words off as she turned to see him up and staring at her. He pushed himself off the floor and walked across the open floor to greet her with a kiss. "Good morning!"

"Good morning," Samuel said with a smile. He leaned in and took the small woman in with another, longer than last time, kiss. He pulled back and accepted the plate of Chinese food from her before hopping on a barstool next to the counter. "Thank you."

"Thank you," she retorted with a wink. 

"Where'd you get this," he asked, nodding toward the plate.

"I get free Chinese food from China Palace," she explained as she pulled a plastic fork from a napkin. "I deliver for them on occasions when they need an extra hand and, in return, they pay me for my work and offer free food from time to time as well."

"You're too kind for sharing your food with me," Samuel argued. He had gotten tired of eating the dried cereal that Lucas had been bringing in. He assumed the man had been stealing the food but didn't dare ask, for he knew that he needed the nourishment and knew of no other way of getting it.

"Well, I wasn't going to eat it all in front of you," she protested before shoving a clump of rice in her mouth and winking at him.

"I appreciate it," he said, feeling like he needed to tell her once more of how much he enjoyed her gift to him. "This is amazing!"

"It's not exactly the kind of cuisine that you used to have on a nightly basis," she mumbled as she took another large clump of rice.

"That was a different life," he said soberly. "This is the best meal that I have had and it's even better when I look at the woman I'm having it with."

Cricket blushed at his last statement as she stopped her chewing. Her cheeks bulged as she looked into his eyes. After a moment, she swallowed her mouthful of food and stood up from her stool.

"Well," she began as she smacked her open hands over her tiny stomach. "I'm fat enough for today. Time to throw some clothes on and see what I can find out. You should stay here while I'm out. We have no idea if they'll be looking for you. I don't think that there's much of a chance of them looking in here."

"Sounds like a plan to me," Samuel laughed as he stood up from his stool. 

He thanked her a few more times before Cricket was finally dressed and out the door, leaving him alone in her apartment. It wasn't until he was alone in her apartment that he felt what it truly felt like being alone after his night and morning with the bubbly and beautiful Cricket. He had grown very attached to her and felt a bit silly when he realized that he was already missing her. 

Hours drifted by as boredom began to set in, causing Samuel to become fidgety. He didn't like being stuck in a place by himself for so long and with no one to talk to. He often worried over Cricket's safety and wished for her swift return. Even if her return was swift due to the knowledge of The Dragons wanting me dead.

His feelings of loneliness and restlessness caused his thoughts to drift to Heather, the ghost, and what it must feel like for her to be stuck in her apartment forever. He felt bad for the spirit. He wanted to find a way to aid her. He wanted to help the ghost find a way to be able to leave the confines of her prison. He had no idea how he would do such a thing but set his mind to find a way somehow.

He looked down at his clothes and suddenly felt really dirty. He needed to bath and wanted to change into some clean clothes but to do so would inevitably lead him out of Cricket's apartment. He came up with a plan to sneak out, dash to his apartment, grab some clean clothes, run down the street to the community center where he could take a shower and change. If he were fast enough, he could be bathed and back in the apartment in no time. 

After a long moment of working up the nerve, Samuel stepped out of Cricket's apartment. His mission went off smoothly at first. He had entered his apartment and picked out his clothes quickly. He even made it to the community center and to the showers with no troubles.

It was in the hallway of the community center that led to the men's shower room where he locked eyes with a woman, who was walking out of the women's shower room. Her long blonde hair was quite the contrast from the short-haired women that he was used to seeing. Her bright blue eyes locked onto his as she passed him. He turned his head to see that she had also turned back to regard him. 

Who was she?

Shaking the curiosity from his thoughts, Samuel stepped into the men's shower room to find it empty. He smiled at his luck and draped his clean clothing over the small metal hook that rested just outside the tiled cubical that would be his shower this day. Steam billowed around him as he stepped up against the hot spray of the shower and closed his eyes to the wonderfully hypnotizing pressure of the showerhead. 

"What's your name," called a woman's voice from outside the curtain that separated his small shower from the rest of the open area. He jumped in shock and turned to look at the curtain in shock before speaking.

"Who are you," he asked quickly. Had The Dragons found him? He had been such a fool for trying this! He should have just stayed in the apartment.

"My name's Angelica," the woman called back. "What's your name?"

"What do you want," he asked, not wanting to confirm his identity to a member of the gang and make their job even easier.

"I'm not sure, to be honest," the woman answered quietly. "I saw you in the hallway and something urged me to turn around and follow you."

"You're the woman from the hallway that I passed," he asked after a moment. He thought back to what she looked like. Long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. She was of average height and a toned yet voluptuous build. She didn't look like a member of the troublesome local gang. What did she want?

"I am," she admitted. "Look, I'll just go. I'm sorry I bothered you."

Samuel pulled the curtain back enough to stick his head out and look at the woman. She was standing directly in front of him and looking directly at him. Her eyes seemed mesmerized by him as she shifted from one white tennis shoe to another and cleared her throat.

"My name's Samuel," he finally offered. 

"It's nice to meet you, Samuel," Angelica said, her face blushing. "What brings you here?"

"This is where I shower," he explained. He was ashamed of his life as a squatter but had grown accustomed to not shying away from the truth with strangers. "I don't exactly have a shower of my own."

"I understand," she said in almost a whisper. 

He poked his head back into the shower stall, expecting the woman to leave. She appeared to have a lot of money and people like that didn't enjoy associating with people of his new stature. He tried to put the woman from his mind as he began to lather shampoo into his hair but, to his surprise, she had remained and spoke to him from outside the curtain once more.

"I'm getting cold out here," she explained. He finished rinsing the shampoo from his hair and looked to the curtain to find the silhouette of the woman standing directly next to the thin curtain. "That shower seems pretty warm."

Was this woman hinting at wanting to come into the small shower stall with him? He tried to think of another explanation but none came to him.

"This shower is really warm," he explained, waiting to see if she would drop another hint. 

"It would be even warmer with another body in there," she finally said.

That was the hint he was waiting for! She did want to join him in the shower! His body ached for her and he looked down to see his erection fully grown. He thought about Cricket. Were he and the tiny woman in a relationship now? Wouldn't that mean that if he had sex with Angelica he would be cheating on her? The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her. He couldn't stand the thought of causing any kind of a pain to Cricket but the draw he felt to have sex with this woman was too strong. Every time he tried to think the thoughts of rejection to the mysterious beauty, his body urged him more.

"Come in," he heard himself saying, almost to his own horror. "There's plenty of room."

The shower curtain pulled back to reveal Angelica in the nude. Her hair was tied back behind her head and she smiled at him. Her breasts, perky and large, ended in perked nipples. Her sides curved down to her waist just before her hips curved back outward. Her shaved pubic area appeared smooth and her round, muscular legs tensed as she took one step inside before closing the curtain back behind her.

"Hi," she whispered as she stepped under the spray of the shower, causing her hair to flatten behind her. She looked up into his eyes and stepped closer to him. "It is warmer in here."

He could feel her firm stomach press against his cock and had to fight back physical urges to throw her against the wet tiled wall right then and there. She looked down at his rod and slid a hand down the side of it before looking back up into his eyes once more.

He leaned down and pressed against her thin lips in a kiss. He slid his tongue between her lips to find the inside of her mouth as she moaned and melted in his arms. He slid his fingers down the center of her back as the water cascaded around them. His fingers slid further down between her asscheeks and he found her asshole. 

She cried in his mouth as he pressed the tip of one of his fingers into her hole. Her body jerked and he could feel the muscles in her stomach tighten against his aching cock. He kept his finger still as her tongue danced with his.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," she called out as the two pulled their heads back from their kiss. "This isn't like me at all, I promise."

"I believe you," Samuel said and, in truth, he wasn't lying. He didn't believe her. He was starting to think it had something to do with the ghost of room 318.

"Take me," she begged. 

He studied the woman for a long time. Water running in droplets down her cheeks and shoulders as she peered up into his eyes. She seemed lost. She seemed like she expected him to be her guide. He didn't want to let her down and so he began guiding her in the best way he knew how.

He gently pushed her back to the tiled wall and slightly lowered his body as he spread his legs enough to put a leg on either side of her legs. He gripped his shaft firmly and pushed the head between her legs until he felt her soft and hot pussy. He pushed forward again until he felt her cunt surround him. She let out a soft cry as his cock penetrated her. She held her legs closed tightly as he felt the muscles of her thighs squeeze around his rod as he slowly thrust in and out of her. Water ran down in streams from their bodies as they continued.

The lust-filled woman leaned her hips out to give Samuel easier access so that he could slide his manhood into her deeper. His longer thrusts caused her to cry a bit louder as he picked up his pace. He could feel her slit tighten around him as he reached out and grabbed each of her breasts with his hands. She stared down her body and watched his rod slip in between her legs as he teased her nipples with his thumbs.

"I'm cumming," she announced just before her hips jerked back and forth wildly as she bit her lower lip to stifle her shouts of absolute ecstasy. 

Angelica went silent as her motions held steady and Samuel picked up the pace of his hips. He felt her pussy loosen around his cock as he worked faster and faster, in an attempt to use her cunt to jerk off. Her quite composure soon shifted to moans once more as he felt her pussy lips quickly tighten around him once more as she looked up into his eyes.

Faster and faster he went as he watched her large breasts roll up and down to his, now rough, motions. She rolled her head from side to side and screamed as his speed had grown almost to equal that of the last night with the spirit. Flesh smacking flesh wrang out through the entire shower room and Samuel was suddenly worried that someone else might be listening from somewhere inside. He didn't care enough to slow his speed though. Instead, he went faster. 

Angelica's eyes shot open so wide that it appeared she had seen the most frightening thing in her life and Samuel considered slowing down until he realized what her shock was about. She burst out in a scream so loud and piercing that it sent goosebumps down his body as her legs gave out, causing his drumming cock to be the only thing keeping her up. Her pussy choked down on him but he didn't slow. She reached out and grabbed his forearms, squeezing with all of her might as her orgasm took complete control of her movements. 

The woman's screams of pleasure finally died out and her body completely collapsed. Samuel reached down and lifted her into the air, with his shaft still inside of her. He slowed his thrusts for a moment and stepped forward until her body was pressed tightly between his body and the wall. He continued a slower thrusting motion as he felt his cock swell in that tell-tell sign of an upcoming climax. 

Her head rolled to her shoulder as if she were unconscious and Samuel had to lean his head down to see if her eyes were even open. She stared back at him with parted lips before giving him a smile. He pumped his rod as deep inside of her cunt as he could before shooting blast after blast inside of her. 

He felt his penis began to deflate before he gently laying her down in the corner of the shower stall and stepping back. He could see some of his cum running from her twitching pussy and follow the trails of shower water to the drain. She looked up at him with a blank expression.

"Thank you, Samuel," she called to him quietly. "Thank you so much."

He gave her a smile and a nod before stepping out of the shower and drying off. He wanted to stay and learn more about this woman but knew that time was against him. He had no idea if The Dragons were looking for him. He had no idea when Cricket would make it back. She might already be back and worried sick that he's not there. He had responsibilities and could not stay with Angelica. 

"I'll see you around," he said to her before pulling his clean clothes on and dashing out of the shower room.

As he quickly stepped out of the community center, Samuel realized something. The high-speed motions that almost caused him to pass out the previous night were much easier to maintain just a day later. 

He thought that he was in the clear as he ducked into the abandoned apartment building. A smile stretched across his face as he made his way down the lobby and toward the hallway that leads to Cricket's apartment.

The smile soon faded.

"There you are," called a familiar woman's voice. It wasn't the sweet and bubbly voice of Cricket. That cock-sure tone could only belong to one person.

"Wyrm," he said as he stopped and turned.