 I was a young guy just out of the military, just out of Vietnam. I'd been a combat infantryman and came back with ghosts and nightmares in my head. Needless to say I found self medication something that helped out.

After one of my parties, I got so loaded I decided to take a bus back to my small apartment on the other side of Denver. It was late and the buses were only running on the hourly schedule. I waited at a stop for a bus that would take me west after a run through downtown. Only a few minutes had passed while I waited when a guy in a vintage 56' Chevy pulled up to the curb. It was an older guy in his late thirties. I was 19 and had gone to war and back. I'd grown my hair long and was a tall wiry guy at that time. The guy in the car asked if I'd like a ride someplace. I never gave it a thought that late at night and accepted the ride gratefully. I really didn't have a clue what was about to happen. 

Never in my wildest dreams had I thought about sex with a man. In fact I'd grown up with a group of homophobic guys that thought going up in the part of town where "fags" hung out to beat the hell out of them was good sport. I never felt that way but was pretty much a homophobe by association. I didn't hate on gays but I didn't know anything about them either.

And so...when the guy driving reached over and placed his right hand on my crotch and gave it a squeeze, it took me by surprise. My first impulse was to kick his ass but the feel of that hand touching my cock through my jeans excited me. He looked over at me and asked if I wanted to play. I didn't know what play meant in much detail but I did surmise he was talking about something sexual.

I couldn't believe I said "sure". But, I had just come from a party where I'd smoked a good many joints with others, had lusted over some of the women, who in those days were mostly bra-less, and come away from the party horny as hell.

So, damn right, I wanted to play even if I really was clueless about all it would entail. The guy kept his hand in my crotch and made a few turns before going back in the opposite direction of where I had to go to be home. After about five minutes, he pulled his car into a driveway in a neighborhood that was old but wealthy old. The house was brick with a big front porch built in the late 1800's and all were well kept. So, I wasn't being taken to some run down dump of a place.

The guy opened the car door and motioned me toward the house. He was decent looking, short hair, about 5'10, a little stocky. I'm 6'1, thin, had long hair almost down to my waist in those days, nice looking then and still so now.

I followed the guy into the house and immediately heard a lot of conversation going on in the back of the house. Sounded like a party. I sort of freaked, thinking this guy was going to take me into a house full of fags that would rape and pillage me. But he motioned me up stairs and I followed him into a smaller bedroom with a queen bed and chests taking up most of the space. 

Once he closed the door behind us, he reached over and grabbed the back of my neck drawing me close enough he could kiss me on the mouth. At the same time his hand went down to my jean covered cock. I'd never kissed a man but his tongue found it's way inside my mouth and I liked it. He had also started undoing my belt and was working on the zipper of my jeans. He kept kissing me in almost a frantic manner with his other hand pulling on my jeans until they pooled at my ankles. He disengaged from our kiss and dropped to his knees to help me step out of my jeans. First he undid my shoelaces and pulled my shoes off, then my socks. Then he had me step out of the jeans, leaving them on the floor.

What happened next turned my world around. With one quick tug, the guy pulled my shorts down exposing my hard cock. He murmured that I had a "horse cock". I am well endowed. It's close to 8 inches, thick with a large mushroom head. And my balls are low hangers. In a flash I felt the wet mouth of the man start taking the swollen head of my cock inside. He suckled the head and used his tongue to swirl around the crown. I immediately started moaning from the exquisite feel and excitement of having my cock being so well treated. The head of my cock was feeling thousands of electrical shocks of pleasure rush down my shaft and causing my brain's pleasure center to become overwhelmed. I moaned and gasped as he worked on sucking and kissing my cock's head. And as he did he began unbuttoning my shirt from the bottom up. I helped him to quickly rid myself of my shirt and stood before him naked with the tip of my cock in his mouth. 

He eventually stood up and undressed himself, He had a slight gut, was much more hairy than me and his cock was maybe six inches with balls much tighter to his body. His cock was erect and pointing toward his belly as he was standing. I stood mesmerized and a bit shocked to be with another man in his bedroom nude together. But seeing his cock enticed me to reach out and feel another man's penis. It was hard but almost silky to the touch.

He eased me down to the bed once he was completely undressed. He had me on my back and kissed down my body until finally he reached my cock and balls. He began sucking each ball into his mouth as my cock bounced off his forehead. And then he licked up the underside of my cock's shaft, making it twitch with pleasure. Soon his mouth engulfed the head and he again suckled it and swirled his tongue around the crown and into the piss hole. And then he slowly took the entire shaft into his throat with his lips making a tight seal on the shaft's surface. Soon he had engulfed the entire cock's length and his chin rested on my groin rubbing against my pubic hair. He held in that position for longer than a minute as I lay there gasping in sheer pleasure and watching his magic mouth on me. Then he began pulling back with tight lips along the shaft until he reached the head once again. And he repeated swallowing and pulling back over and over. My cock was almost in pain it felt so good. I groaned and moaned and gasped for air as he worked his magic on me.

And then I felt the ultimate rush of pleasure as my cock began to pulse over and over again. I could feel my release of cum spurting into his mouth and my moaning grew louder. I yelled out, "oh my god" over and over with each ejaculation. Finally it ended and the head of my cock became extremely sensitive to any touch. The man looked up at me with my cock still in his mouth. I saw cum drooling from the side of his mouth and then saw him swallow the cum I'd just shot. Then he came up to me and kissed me on my mouth with my own cum mixed into the kiss from the side of his mouth and his coated tongue. I didn't care. I was limp from the explosive orgasm I'd just experienced. Never had I ever felt such pleasure. 

After resting and catching my breath, I reached down to the man's hard cock and stroked it lightly. I asked him if I could suck him. He nodded that I could. I quickly slid down to his cock and looked at the head and the hole which was seeping pre-cum. I reached out my tongue to taste the pre-cum and it was sweet and salty and I enjoyed it! I proceeded to kiss and suck on his cock head. His cock bounced up and down in the entrance of my mouth. Then he pushed his hips forward and pushed his cock deeper into my mouth. I wrapped my lips around the shaft and felt his cock push deeper and deeper as the man was now thrusting into my mouth. I realized he was fucking my mouth like it was a pussy. And the feel of his cock was something indescribable. It was hard but smooth and silky and it felt so good to have it in my mouth. I wanted it deep and to fill my mouth completely. He kept thrusting and I kept my lips sealed on his shaft and along the head. And finally I felt a spasm at the bottom of his cock along a large vein. His cock was pulsing and soon there was strong blasts of warm liquid filling my mouth. It came in pulses that shot down my throat and onto my tongue. Soon the liquid was drooling out of the corners of my mouth as I couldn't swallow fast enough to keep it inside. The man was loudly moaning and calling me such a "Good cock-sucker". 

Finally his cum stopped and I swallowed the remainder in my mouth. I liked the taste even though slightly bitter and salty. It was creamy and it just felt right to me. I went back up to him and he kissed me again and I shared his cum as he had shared mine.

Eventually, I got a ride home from him. I fell back into my homophobic thinking because everybody I knew had such hate for us "cock-suckers". I never talked about it and it was years before I ever sucked another cock. I married and still love her some 40 plus years later. But I knew at some point I would suck another cock because I realized I loved that night of lust. I often though of cock even while fucking my wife. Even when licking her pussy. I realized I was an oral personality because I loved sucking cock and eating pussy more than anything else.