 My name is Tom. After many years of procrastinating, I decided to go to an electronics convention I had been interested in. My wife wasn't interested so I went solo. Arriving early Friday evening, the show wasn't really going to get moving until Saturday. I got to my room and unloaded my bags then headed for the lounge. 

I am not much of a drinker, but I decided to have a glass of wine. A man sat down next to me at the bar. His name was Gary, Gary asked me if I was there for the convention and I replied that I was. He too was there for the show and so we struck up a conversation about our similar interests.

After maybe a half hour, Gary asked me if I wanted to continue our talk up in his room. I said sure and we went upstairs. Once inside the room, Gary excused himself and went to the bathroom. When he returned he had shed his street clothes and was now in his bathrobe.

"You don't mind if I get comfortable, do you Tom?" He asked me.

"Of course not," I said.

Gary was taller than me and thinner also. Most people would have considered him quite handsome. Me on the other hand, I was carrying a few extra pounds. I was embarassed that I had let myself go and had vowed to get on an excercise kick. One look at Gary told me I needed to get with it right away.

Gary poured us each a drink and then he sat down next to me. As he started to discuss the electronics show, his robe had opened up a bit. I was trying to avoid looking, but I could see his cock peeking through the front. As he continued to talk my eyes seemed glued to looking at his shaft. I was never interested in men before. For some reason , maybe the drinks, I was looking at Gary's body.

All at once, Gary stood up in front of me.

"Have you ever been with a man before, Tom?" He asked.

My jaw must have dropped. I sat there looking at Gary, when he slipped his robe off.

I was in a state of shock, but I answered him.

"No Gary, I haven't."

I was staring at two muscular thighs with a long cock dangling in between them. Gary took his cock in his hand and started stroking the length of it. Maybe I had my mouth wide open, I wasn't sure at this point. Gary stepped forward, directly in front of my mouth. His cockhead was maybe two inches from my lips.

"Tom, will you open up for me?" Gary was almost pleading.

When I think back on this, I shocked myself. I opened my lips wide and Gary pushed his cock in. I closed my mouth around his shaft and Gary began feeding me. He went slow at first, letting me adjust to him. I have to admit I was gagging on his thick cock. Spit was also running out the corners of my mouth. 

Gary then placed his hand on the back of my head and started to speed up. My mouth was making slurping noises as Gary fucked my throat. He was get deeper than I could have ever imagined. I looked up at Gary's face. He had his eyes closed and his head was leaning back. Gary was really getting into it now. He sped up his stroking and I reached out and fondled his balls. 

That one squeeze must have done it. Gary moaned and flooded my mouth and throat with his load. His hot seed went down to my belly as Gary held my head in place with both hands now. I was gulping and slurping every hot drop of him. I couldn't believe what I was doing. To be honest, I loved the taste of his cock and his hot froth. After a few more minutes of pumping his cock. Gary's cock slid out of my mouth.

Gary walked to the bathroom and brought back two cloths for each of us to clean up with.

Afterwards, we talked about what happened. Gary said he saw me looking at his cock and he decided to take a chance. Gary hadn't been with a man in quite awhile, he told me. He asked me what I thought about what we did. I guess I was still in a state of shock. It had happened so fast. Gary then asked me if I would ever considering making love with him.

"Are you talking about anal sex, Gary?" I asked.

"Yes Tom, I would go slow and easy," He replied back.

I was very unsure about the whole thing. That was when Gary had me stand up and started to undress me. He pulled my shirt off and unbuckled my pants. He pulled my pants and underwear clear. I kicked my shoes and socks off. There we stood, two naked men. I hate to admit it, but my cock was stirring. Gary reached out and took my cock in his grip. Our bodies were so close now, as he was pulling on my shaft.

When I look back, I realized I wanted him, right then and there. Gary led me back to the bed and had me lie down. He climbed on top of me and we started kissing one another. My cock was hard against his cock. Gary was also pinching my nipples. This always got me rock hard when my wife did this to me. This time was no exception. Gary was grinding into me now. His cock slipped down between my thighs. I spread my legs further apart. Feeling his hard rod rubbing down there was making me go wild.

Then came the moment of truth. I wrapped my legs around Gary's waist. I then felt the tip of his cock probing me. The head of his python was at my opening. He then started pushing. The pain was intense as he tried to enter me. Gary told me not to tense up. Slowly but surely, he wedged the head of his cock into my passage. It took a long time, but eventually Gary had most of his throbbing cock inside my hole.

He then had me unlock my legs. Gary took my ankles and pushed my thighs back to my chest. He started to fuck me in earnest. It felt like someone had pushed a telephone pole up my ass. Gary had me screaming and moaning and begging. The one thing he never did was pull out completely. He fed me every inch of his fuck muscle. He told me he was going to take me and use my asshole.

At this point I was nearly out of my mind. If you have never been fucked like this, I can only tell you it can feel painful and also erotic, all rolled into one. Gary fucked me for over an hour that time. He used my manpussy like no one had done since.

Gary had me so worked up, telling me he was going to breed me, and use my manpussy for his own. Those big balls of his were squeezing against my cheeks and then dancing off my ass. 

The moment finally arrived. Gary arched his back and blew one giant, hot load into my bowels. I think we both screamed as it happened. I know my body was shaking for the longest time as Gary kept feeding me his long pecker. Finally we were both able to calm down and he slipped his cock out of me.

The next thing I seemed to recall, it was sunrise Saturday morning. Gary and I must have passed out after all that hot anal sex. I got up and got my clothes back on. Gary said we would meet later on in the day. I went to my room and took a long shower. Gary's spunk was still dripping from my hole. After showering I got dressed, went and got breakfast.

When I sat down, it hit me. My ass hurt so bad. I then realized how much hard fucking Gary had done. I quickly ate and went to the show. To be honest, the convention was the furthest thing from my mind now. I couldn't get Gary off my mind. After some hours walking around, I saw Gary. 

He wanted to talk, but here was not a good place. I told him I would meet him in his room that night. We did hook up Saturday evening for more sex. This time I fucked Gary's ass and he took me one more time. We made love until the early morning hours. It soon became time to leave on Sunday. We exchanged cellphone numbers and promised to get together soon.

It is now three months later and we have not hooked up again. For one thing or another our schedules haven't clicked. Every night though, I still think of my first time with a man, and I still want to feel Gary's cock buried deep inside me.