 As said before, all of my stories are taken from real experiences. This one dates from my late 20's, just after the end of my time in the navy.



*****

From my late teens (my first discovery of porn beyond my dad's stash of Playboy magazines), I found myself more and more fascinated by watching blow jobs There was just something I liked about watching a big, hard cock sliding in and out of a mouth. The porn of those days often involved women like Desiree Cousteau and Seka and the like, and I also just love a great face and a firm set of boobs, but watching those lovely faces involved with those cocks was something special. There's something more personal about a face than there is about a pussy, however cute.

But during my 20's (spent almost entirely in the service), I spent very little time in one place, and so didn't have any long term relationships. It was all one-nighters, or weekends of excess before going into unpredictable circumstances. And a lot of the girls back then knew that sailors loved to fuck, but didn't want to be unplanned daddies, so a lot of sailors preferred blow jobs I know I did (and still do).

But when I got out, I was moved into an environment that was sparsely populated by that kind of women.

And still I had a growing fascination with cock.

Big cock.

Firm cock.

Cock like ... Peter North.

His cock did (and still does) strike me as a kind of platonic ideal. Shaped much like mine, but about 10% larger, it stays up for a long time, shoots enormous loads, and does so into a lot of beautiful women. And I'd always been a fan of it. It was firmer than John Holmes' and Holmes was an ugly SOB, at best. So I started looking for his picture on the covers of VHS tapes and idly thinking about what it would be like to have that cock... or to play with it.

I was dating a bit in those days, but not as actively (either sense of the word) as I wanted to be. All of the women I was dating were women I met in the college classes I was taking at night, and while some of them were friendly, all of them were looking forward to the long view – just the opposite of the navy dependent wannabes I'd known before.

Now I had had the great advantage of ending my navy days in my home town, which gave me the advantage of knowing what parts of town were good for what kind of activities. What parts to avoid, what parts had money, what parts had a lot of bars, etc. It also gave me a number of connections I'd had before my navy days. Not a lot of them, as a lot of people had moved away of just changed a lot in the intervening decade, but enough to know where a guy could go if he got desperate enough. And one of those places was a strip joint that was connected to a porn shop. It advertised "World Famous!" on the marquee outside, but that reputation was almost certainly limited to being known by a bunch of sailors and marines who went there on liberty and were later stationed at places all over the globe.

[Note: This was in the mid 80's – long before DADT, much less acceptance of anything gay. Yes, there were gay guys in the service, but the vast majority of the ones I suspected I only suspected. If you were openly gay then and there, you were given a less than honorable discharge, and that was almost certainly after having the living crap beaten out of you by a number of your shipmates.]

But this place had naked women showing you not only their tits and ass, but also their bare pussies. Alcohol was not allowed there (the number of changed laws around such places is absurdly high, and the landscape is constantly changing), and there had to be a set distance between you and the 'dancers', but you could see everything, and 'lap dances' were always an option if you had the money.

And if you didn't, the porn shop next door had private 'preview booths' where guys who'd gotten overly horny could rub one out in relative privacy. And I have to admit, I used that option more than once, as my expenses were a much higher portion of my income than they'd been when I was living in the barracks or on the ship.

So one warm Saturday afternoon I went to the strip club. It was a lot cheaper than other places, as even the generic soda they sold was cheaper than going to a bar where I'd be teased by women who had to keep their clothes on, and it was literally next door to the porn shop, so that I had to wait less time when things got really hard. Errr - difficult. No – hard.

After an hour or so of watching various decreasingly attractive women disinterestedly shaking their tits at me, I had a large problem to deal with, so I headed next door. I checked the display of what was playing, and found a booth not too close to the door, fed a couple of bucks into the machine, and pulled out my cock to ease my tension.

I found a good channel (one with multiple guys and one girl), and was well on my way when there was a knock at the door. Now this place, convenient as it is, is known for having a very proactive cleaning crew. There is a guy always mopping out the booths, which keeps the place smelling less ripe than some places (and definitely better than the single small bathroom in the strip club, which encourages guys to finish what they are doing and get back to the money making part of the business), but which can be somewhat annoying.

"Busy here!" I said.

A voice replied, very quietly "Want some help with that?"

What the hell? I was handling it all on my own, thank you, but I was heated up enough to not care much, and I have always had a strong exhibitionist streak, so I unlatched the door and swung it open without removing my hand from my cock, or even slowing my stroking down very much. 

"Are you sure you can help with this?" I asked, waving my cock around and staring at the face of the guy who had knocked on the booth door, pretty much daring him to either back the fuck off, or to come in and make his offer good.

To my surprise, he grinned, and stepped into the booth, while reaching out and putting his hand on my cock, displacing mine. He closed the booth door with his free hand and latched it again, and while I was a little bit nervous about people looking at the doors (which stop about a foot above the floor) and knowing there were two of us in the booth, I was also a bit aroused by that possibility.

He was a decent looking guy, a few years older than me, but in decent shape. He didn't look like a sleaze or a druggie, for which I would have kicked him out immediately, but instead looked like someone I could have had a conversation with. He also had good technique – his grip was comfortably firm, but not tight enough to be uncomfortable, and his stroke was neither too fast or too slow. He'd done this before.

So I wasn't at all surprised when he bent over and took the head of my cock into his mouth.

And even there, he surpassed almost every blow job I had ever gotten. I had to surmise that the old line about how guys give better head because they know what a guy wants had to have some truth to it. He was not too fast or too slow. He took my cock gradually into his mouth, easing his way down the length a little bit at a time, making sure it was wet enough to let his lips and tongue slide down without any resistance at all. He kept his lips tight enough to provide a sensation all of the way around my cock, and his tongue kept moving, providing an extra measure of sensation that was above and beyond anything I'd felt before. All of the blow jobs I'd had before that were pretty much straight-ahead suck and buck jobs, going up and down, and sometimes even way down, but with more enthusiasm than technique. This guy had both. He provided enough motion and friction to give my cock the familiar feel of going in and out of a tight pussy, but enough control to vary the amount of tightness, and that without any problems with teeth. Adding the tongue action when he came up to the head of my cock was just amazing.

I was doing my best to just enjoy and prolong the sensation, feeding extra money into the machine, when I noticed that his technique changed. He'd been using one hand to keep him balanced and free of the wall, and the other to gently massage my balls and keep my cock pointed in the right direction. Now he took his hand off of my cock, and reached down to unzip his fly so that he could reach his own cock. He was enjoying himself as much as I was, and wanted to free his cock from his pants so that he could jerk off while sucking me.

And what a cock!

It was like the fantasies I'd had – long and thick, and fairly straight, with a slight downward curve to it, as well as being clean and cut, with the pubic hair trimmed around the base. Once he got it free, he used one hand to hold himself free of the wall, and the other hand to stroke himself. The sensation I was getting from his sucking was decreased a bit from not having his hand on me, but was increased greatly by watching his hand on his cock. I wasn't paying any attention at all to the movie on the screen now, except for an occasional glance to make sure we had enough time to finish without getting the management riled up at us.

But there was another problem. He was so good at what he was doing that I quickly felt myself approaching orgasm, and I didn't want that. Not yet.

So I reached down and put a hand on his shoulder. When he paused and looked up, I said "Wait – I'm not ready yet."

He looked a bit disappointed at that, and he had clearly been enjoying himself, but he backed off and let my cock fall out of his mouth.

"Stand up" I told him. "I want to suck you."

That was something he was not opposed to, and he smiled and maneuvered around to where his back was to the chair that was built into the booth. I'd been standing with my knees to the seat of the chair and he'd been standing in a half crouch, but I just basically said 'fuck it' and knelt on the floor facing him. If someone saw me kneeling toward his feet, well, so much the better for them. Maybe they could get off on it too, and if the cleaning guy had a problem, it was probably something he'd seen before. We might get thrown out of the place, but dammit, I was gonna suck my first cock, and I was gonna do a good job of it, just like in the movies.

I started out by holding it firmly but gently at the base, and licked my way up the shaft from the base to the head, where a drop of pre-cum was seeping out. I licked my way around the head, finishing with the droplet, and then milked his cock from base to head, squeezing a couple more drops out, which I also licked up. That first taste gave me a lifetime desire for that substance.

Then I took the head in my mouth – just the head, and very slowly, with light but firm pressure, moved it in and out of my mouth a few times. I was just using tricks that I had liked, and was overjoyed to find that they worked on others, and were easier than they seemed. I was also kind of surprised and kind of not to discover the feel of a cock inside of my mouth. A lot of the stories here go on about how they are surprised about the feel and texture of them. But, I mean, I have had mine in my hands for decades, and have a pretty good idea what they feel like and where they are sensitive and all that. What surprised me was the old dentist's motto "a millimeter feels like a mile in the mouth". A tiny chip in a tooth feels like a canyon, and an inch of cock feels gigantic. And you can feel how warm it it, and you can feel the pulse in it and the throbbing when you do something right.

That discovered, I began, as he had to me, to slowly work my way up his cock, an inch at a time, getting it wetter as I went, and using my tongue on the underside, especially the head, going faster and faster as I went, until it bumped up against the back of my mouth. I really wanted to deep-throat it like I'd seen in the movies, but try as I might, I could not, so I just settled on doing the best I could with what skills I had.

I used my lips, I used my tongue, I used my hands – one to stroke the part of his cock outside of my mouth, and one to stroke his perineum, knowing from personal experience that it is also a part of the cock – just the part that is still attached to the body. I tried to match the pressure and rhythm on the whole thing, to make it feel like the whole of it was getting one sensation. And I varied the speed and depth until I felt his body tensing up.

"Oh, god" he said, and clenched pretty much his whole body. I knew what was about to happen, and almost stopped, because I wasn't entirely sure what it would feel like from this perspective, but... in for a penny, in for a pound. I tightened my grip with my hand and my lips a little bit and especially with my tongue, and sped up my rhythm until his whole body clenched, and he shot load after load of almost sweet-tasting cum into my mouth. Well, the first shot went into my mouth, but being a fan of the movies, I backed off of his cock and kept jerking it with my hand and took the last 4 or 5 shots on my face. 

When he was done, I took his whole cock into my mouth, as it had gotten soft enough that I could, and I milked out the last of the cum into my mouth until he got completely soft and started shuddering with the intensity of it all. I can understand how that works, because I get the same way – after a really good blowjob, every sensation is amplified a thousand times and even a soft tongue is too much to take.

Then I took my finger and, staring into his eyes, wiped it off of my face and into my mouth where I swallowed it all.

"How did I do?" I asked.

"That was great!" He said. "You have some serious skills."

"Not bad for a first time" I replied, and he looked at me with surprise.

"I've been fantasizing about this for a long time" I said "but never had the opportunity before. Did I do it all right?"

"I'll say you did!" he said, and zipped up his pants and reached for the door.

"Thanks!" I said as he left. I promised myself to try it again some time, and I did, but not for a while. I don't go back to that place any more, mostly because the management has cracked down a lot, but also because I found other places that are better for that. But that's for another story.