 This is a true story of my first time. For the sake of this site age/name have been changed.

*****

I was 18 and spending the night with my childhood friend Chris. I spent a lot of nights at his house and I usually slept in his older brother's room as he was always away at college or out partying and didn't care if I slept in his bed.

This particular night was no different except Chris's brother decided to come home rather than stay out.

His name was Cooper and he had a thin and toned build. He was taller than me and had a defined six pack that he loved to show off on a regular basis.

I am thin with not much muscle and shorter than Cooper.

I climbed into his bed with nothing on but my white underwear not expecting him to be there so I didn't think much of it.

Before I could fall asleep I heard someone entering the house not being very quiet about their entrance and thought to myself..."shit, if Cooper is home he's going to kick my ass out of his room".

Soon the bedroom door opened and Cooper entered turning on the lights. I tried to pretend to sleep but realized quickly that Cooper was drunk and noticed me moving around.

Hey, douche! Cooper called out.

I giggled a little and pretended to wake up.

I said "Hey man, you want me to go sleep somewhere else?"

Cooper laughed and said "No, stay where your at, this bed is big enough for our skinny asses"

Cooper began removing some of his clothing starting with his t-shirt. Exposing is thin toned torso. My heart started beating faster because Id never really had feelings for a guy like this before. Next Cooper removed his pants exposing a noticeable bulge that was outlined perfectly by his tight boxer brief underwear.

I think Cooper noticed my infatuation with his perfect body when he loudly asked "You like what you see kid!?" in a laughing tone.

I tried covering up my impending lust with a corny joke and laugh but it only made me feel more awkward.

Cooper then turned out the light and climbed in next to me and at this point my heart was racing so fast I didn't realize that my cock was hard as a rock. My cock wasn't fully grown at this point in my life and was only six inches. I'm cut with a nice defined head.

Cooper was still feeling good from the alcohol though and didn't notice right away that under the covers just a few inches away I was hard as a rock.

We laid there for a few minutes before the inevitable happened when two young guys talk and it turned sexual.

I got really nervous as we continued our conversation that went from hot girls we knew to masturbation techniques.

Cooper eventually turned towards me and asked me if Id ever jerked off in front of another guy.

I said "no".

He asked if I would ever do it?

I got a tight feeling in my stomach as I felt I knew where this conversation may lead.

I figured with him being drunk he wouldn't remember anyway so I told him I would if the other guy was cool with it I guess.

Cooper then pulled the covers down from both of our bodies and slowly worked his hand down the front of his underwear.

His head tilted back and he bit his lip as he worked on his cock.

I repeated his action but continued my stare at what was hiding in those briefs.

I don't know where I got the courage but I asked if I could see it.

Cooper smiled and said of course buddy...

He pulled out at least eight inches of hard cut cock and I couldn't take my eyes off of him.

Coopers stroking was turning me on so much.

As I was enjoying the sight of his enormous cock I asked if I told Cooper that I thought he had a really nice cock and asked if he cared if I touch it.

He smiled and grabbed my hand and placed it around his cock and stroked himself with my hand.

We locked eyes as I felt the warmth and every vein pass though my hand with his.

Cooper asked if I wanted to do more with a childish smirk on his face.

I was too horny to turn down anything and nodded yes. Almost immediately Cooper placed his free hand on the back of my head and forced it closer to the head of his cock.

There wasn't much resistance from me as I was guided closer to his manhood.

As I got closer I noticed his trimmed pubes that rested at the base of his long hard dick and started licking his shaft before getting to his head where pre-cum had already started. 

I started sucking him and was only able to get a few inches a time.

Coopers moans of pleasure were too much for my young hard cock and it only took a few strokes before I blew my young load as I worked on Coopers dick.

I continued several more minutes and heard Cooper tell me he was about to cum and I continued bobbing up and down on his hard dick before letting him blow his load down my throat.

I couldn't remove my mouth from Coopers cock and didn't know what cum tasted like but I was so horny I didn't care.

Cooper and I kept this a secret and every once in a while would take care of our sexual tension when we found time alone.