 I

I stood shivering by the side of a long stretch of road outside of a truck stop 300 miles from my destination. I was 19 years old at the time and, prior to having left home a year earlier, had never so much as seen another cock in the flesh. For years I had fantasized about being face fucked more than anything else. I wanted to be on my knees, gagging and drooling like an animal with a fat slab of man meat nailing me, using me, roughly and mercilessly. This is the story of how I got precisely that. 

It was about 11:00 pm. He pulled up in a small brown 4-seater and craned his neck to ask me where I was headed. I told him, and he said he could take me about 40 miles so long as I was willing to pitch in for gas. I told him I didn't have any gas money. He leaned in closer to the passenger door then and started looking me up and down. I was clueless at first, but when I realized what was happening a gallon of blood must have rushed into my dick because it plumped up almost immediately at the thought of being fucked by this stranger. I was wearing a long coat and had to push it aside just enough to give him as best a view of my ass as was possible under the faint flicker of the roadside lamp. I nearly pulled my jeans down just to give him a peek when he said "You know what? It's a cold night. Hop in, I'm sure we can work something out brother - that sound good?" 

He moved just enough to give me a good look at his face then, and I was more than satisfied with what I saw. He had a dark black messy combover with high cheekbones and a full, short-trimmed beard. He wore a long-sleeved shirt with small buttons down the front, and a silver watch gleamed on his wrist. He looked to be about 10 years older than me. 

The car was warm, and I immediately took off my coat. "Hey, there you go. Chuck it in the back man, let's ride." He started the car and we drove off. "You on your way home I take it?" "Yeah, I just spent my last on that hotel room. I really appreciate you giving me a lift man." 

He smiled and reached his arm around my shoulder and let it hang there. This set my whole body on fire. I remember distinctly how comfortable I felt at that moment, and how trustworthy this guy seemed, and how all I wanted to do was reach out and grab the bulge in his jeans, massage it, feel it, worship it. 

Every hair on my body was erect. I started panting slightly, and may have even drooled a little bit. I had waited so long, and was so eager, that time itself seemed to be slowing down or just ceasing to exist all together. 

It was around that time that the car slowed down, and I realized all at once that we'd driven into a small town, and were now parked waiting for the light to change at a crosswalk. His arm was still casually hung around my shoulder, and I made a conscious effort to ease back into it and nuzzle my neck against it. I remember he made a low groan without looking over, and I knew for certain that there could be no doubt about either of our respective desires. 

"You hungry?" He asked smiling as the light turned green. His voice was lower now, raspier, and I found myself turning to catch his eye as we drove slowly down a side street. I held his gaze as the beginning of a word spiraled out of my control and subsided into a pleading, whimpering "Mm-hmm." He brought his arm back slightly then and I felt his hand grip the back of my neck and massage it lightly as he said, "Well we had better feed you then." 

I remember that at this point I was practically stoned on my own arousal. I began to pant again and soon found myself moving my head back in time with his slow, firm massage. I felt the car turn and slowly come to a stop and heard the key turn in the ignition. Before I knew it, he had pulled me by the back of the head to meet his own and was forcing his tongue into my mouth. I didn't resist, but didn't kiss back either; something about this invasion was making me extremely hot, and to my delight, it only turned him on further. Pulling away from me and cupping my face in his hands, kneading my cheeks, he said "Yeah, I like that." I moaned and he slipped a finger into my mouth, "You gonna show me your appreciation?" 

"Mm-hmm" I replied, my lips wrapped tight around his finger, my tongue swirling and licking and begging. He added two more fingers and pried my jaw open, sticking his tongue inside of me, licking the inside of my mouth. "Yeah, you're gonna take that cock, aren't you? You're a hungry boy, aren't you? Far away from home - don't worry, I'll take care of you, that's right - I'm gonna take care of you real nice, you want that?"

"Mmm-hmm" 

"Tell me, tell me you want that, say yes Daddy, I want you to take care of me"

He slid his fingers closer to my throat then, and I gagged slightly which sent a shiver down my spine and into my loins. "Yas Addy, I aunt you to -" 

"You want Daddy's dick?" 

"Esss.. Ease..." 

That's when he tightened his grip and forced my head into his lap. I immediately began to rub my face in his bulge, biting and kissing it, licking it through his jeans like an animal. "That's it boy, that's it... lick that cock... worship it." 

With his free hand he began to undo the buttons on his shirt. once his stomach was exposed, I instinctively began to kiss it and he released tension on my neck so I could slide my tongue all the way up to his neck. I began to sniff his sweat and cologne, taking him in with one hand firmly massaging his bulge. 

"Fuck, you're wild, boy. Get out, get in the back seat." 

I immediately obeyed, and soon we were tonguing wildly, my legs spread wide across his, straddling him, rubbing my ass against his rock hard bulge. He kissed my neck and sucked my earlobe and ran his hands under my shirt, digging his nails into my back. I winced, and he dug deeper. 

He had moved the drivers seat forward and there was just enough room for me to slide down and begin slowly undoing his belt, rubbing and licking and kissing his bulge as I did it. Once I had his pants undone, he went to pull them down to his ankles, but I reached my hands out to stop him and we both froze for a second, communicating with our eyes. I placed a hand against his chest and pushed lightly. He smiled and reclined. 

It was time for me to unwrap my present. It literally felt like Christmas. I began to tug slowly at his jeans, and he lifted himself up slightly to accommodate this. I could see his pubes sticking out from underneath the rim of his boxer shorts. In spite of all our passion, his cock was now slightly flaccid, as was mine - there was something magical about this moment, and my body seemed to understand that just as well as his. As I brought his jeans down my eyes widened to behold the contours of his flaccid cock. I was so glad that I would get to experience it this way first - warm and soft and juicy, rolling around my mouth, making acquaintance with my tongue, and growing slowly until I could impale myself on it, slobbering greedily like a fiend for his meat. 

His jeans were now around his ankles. He lifted his legs and I removed them and tossed them aside. I slid my arms along his muscular legs and slowly moved my face forward and buried it in his bulge. He groaned and placed both his hands on the back of my head, pushing me in, moving his hips and caressing my face with his shaft. Then he moved his hands down and began rubbing my back, massaging my shoulders. I nuzzled my face down and rubbed my nose into his balls, licking them through his underwear, smelling their salt and sweat and kissing them gently. He returned his hands to my head and ran his fingers through my hair and I lifted my eyes to meet his gaze and he leaned down and shoved his tongue in my mouth again, and once more I didn't kiss back. This excited him all over again and I knew he couldn't take it anymore. I slid my tongue down from his chest to his stomach and along his treasure trail, and then I curled my fingers around his boxers and started to pull. 

I made sure his cockhead was facing me so that I could gently kiss his shaft as I unveiled my meal. When they reached the tip of his head, I looked up once more. His head was back and his eyes were closed, and I smiled and gave one last lick before dragging the material over the head, exposing a beautiful, meaty, seven inch cock in all of its glory. 

I stared at it for a good 30 seconds, all the while jerking it slowly, examining every vein and plotting my next move. Then I closed my eyes, opened my mouth, and took him into my mouth. He moaned deeply and slid his hands over my shoulders, rubbing my neck, grabbing tiny fistfuls of hair. I sucked hard and slow, methodically, rhythmically, savoring every inch, opening my mouth periodically to take him in from the base of the shaft and then slowly bobbing back to drool and swirl my tongue around his head. The world had disappeared. It was just me, and this delicious thing that had been missing from my mouth all those years. I immediately took him as far into my throat as I could, and when I gagged my lust only pushed me further down. He moaned and groaned but it wasn't enough; I popped his fat tool out of my cheek long enough to issue one simple command: "Please fuck my face, Daddy." 

He put one hand on the back of my head, and cupped my jaw with the other, then he moved his body enough to ensure that his cock was vertical with my gaping mouth, and proceeded to pound my throat. He held my face firm, the hand on my neck now a vice grip, my mouth nothing but a hole for him to use as he wished. I kept my tongue out and moaned and groaned as each thrust brought him closer and closer to the threshold of my trachea. I couldn't believe what was happening to me; It was surreal. I could physically feel my throat bulging and retracting. I began to gag loudly, producing sounds I had always fantasized about one day producing. I began to undo my belt, pulling my cock out through the hole in my underwear, and jacking myself off in time with his thrusts. 

"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes, take that cock you fucking whore, take that cock boy, swallow Daddy's fat cock, make Daddy cum in your throat, that's a good boy." He began to speed up, harder, rougher, faster, stabbing my throat, his balls slapping wildly against my chin. I wagged my tongue about best as I could, trying to lick them, trying to be as good a slut as I could for Daddy. I continued to beat off, I couldn't take it much longer. Just as my balls began to swell his hands shot up in a flash and grabbed two fistfuls of my hair which sent me right over the edge as he plunged his entire 7 inches inside of me and shot his load directly into my stomach. 

"Fuck!" He cried out. "Oh fuck, that was crazy. You're fucking crazy, man." 

I laughed and started to wipe the spit off of my chin. "I think I may have come on your seat" I said. He didn't seem to hear me, and if he did, he didn't seem to care. We sat like that, panting, for about 10 minutes in silence. "That was incredible" I finally said. 

"Yeah" he echoed, "I've never seen anyone take it like that before." I beamed as he reached for his clothes and began to dress himself. 

We still had a few miles left to go, and I took the opportunity to suck him off three more times before the turnoff. We were both fairly exhausted, but I wouldn't have been able to forgive myself if I let the guy go without sucking his dick at least one more time. As it turned out, he had three more rounds in him, which I greedily consumed while he laid back and drove the small brown four-door car into the pre-dawn light.