 It had been three months since Rachel had dumped me. I was the only one to blame. For the past year, I had been neglecting her. I didn't want to go on dates anymore. I didn't give her much attention. And I spent way too much time online... late at night. What did I do? I watched gay porn, read gay stories and chatted with gay men! Yes, I was starting to figure out that I liked men more than women. I still found girls attractive. But I felt like I needed to be with men. But not any men: Strong, Dominant, Rough Men.

One day, even though I was always being careful clearing my browsing history, Rachel found out about my deep secrets. She called me a homo and left me on the spot. It only took about one hour for me to be on the street, with 2 suitcases, the clothes on my back, and, luckily, my iPhone charger! 

So here I was, 90 days later, single, living alone in a small flat close to my workplace. Work was about the only thing that was stable in my life. As a marketing consultant, I worked with a large creative team. Even on those days when I arrived at work not feeling too well, my colleagues quickly put a smile on my face. I was also lucky to travel a lot for work. Little did I know that the next trip would change my life forever.

My conference was in a big and luxurious L.A hotel complex. About 2,000 professionals were in attendance. I was fortunate to have a room in that same hotel. I found that this always made things easier. I could go relax in my room between workshops, and had the luxury to leave the room a few minutes before the beginning of the conference. 

I arrived at the hotel late in the evening, so I grabbed a quick bite, had a nightcap, and went straight to bed. I woke up at 5AM. That was my routine. I always got up early to train. I was now 40 years old, but in the best shape I had ever been. For the past five years, I had been training hard: marathons, a few Ironmen, muscle building sessions, healthy eating, etc. I was proud of my improvements. 

I changed clothes and headed directly to the gym. 

Surprisingly, the gym was busy! I hopped on the first available spinning bike, started my Garmin and my music, and started pedaling. I was in the zone. I was really pushing myself. After about 20 minutes of intense intervals, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I stopped my music and slowed down.

"Hey man. So sorry buddy, but I think you dropped your room card." The guy standing beside my bike was... well... he was a fucking hunk! About 6 feet tall, blond, blue eyes, fit. I was in very good shape, but my thing was mostly cardio. This guy was cut!

"Oh wow, thanks man, I appreciate it", I said, giggling.

He smiled at me, and hopped on the bike beside me.

"I'm Matt." He shook my hand. 

"I'm Bradley. Nice to meet you Matt. Are you here for the conference?"

"Yeah. This is my favorite marketing conference. Love visiting L.A. ", he said. "What about you, what's your story?"

"Well... I'm from Boston. I've been at this conference five times already. I'm actually hosting a workshop about small businesses and social media today."

"That's awesome buddy. I'll make sure to add that one to my list."

We chatted like this for about 20 minutes. My pace was obviously more relaxed, but that was ok. I had made a friend, and he was cute! I went back to my room, took a nice long shower, jerked off thinking about my new friend, got ready and headed down to the conference. I was a little bit nervous. The workshop I was hosting was set for 3:30 PM. But I first had to attend the opening conference. 

The conference was interesting, and lunch was even better. But I had butterflies. I was always a little bit nervous before hosting a workshop. At 3 PM, I went in the Churchill Room, where the small business workshop would take place. There were about 100 seats in the room. Of course, I was hoping to fill the room. Most people base their workshop choices on the speaker's bio. There's always some kind of friendly competition between speakers; we all want to attract the most people. So I was very proud to see a full room! About 30 people were standing at the back of the room, unable to find a seat.

So I started. I broke the ice with a few good jokes. People were into it. I was in full control. Everything was going well. About 60 minutes in, I asked the attendees if they had questions. I saw a few hands up, but one in particular caught my attention. It was Matt. I blushed a little, and pointed in his direction.

"First, I want to say that this was an amazing workshop, Mr. Garcia." I smiled. He was so fucking hot. "How can small businesses reach their full marketing potential with limited marketing budgets?"

I smiled at him and answered his question. I was surprised that I was able to focus on my response. I was hypnotized by his beauty. I then answered a few more questions, and that was the end of the workshop. It was a huge success. I was proud. But I had one thing in mind: Matt.

As I exited the room, I saw him. Was he waiting for me?

"Hey Bradley. That was an awesome workshop, the best I've seen in years!"

"Oh wow, thanks so much Matt. You're so nice. I'm always a little bit nervous. But I think it went pretty well."

"It did! You rocked it! Would you like to get a drink at the bar? I don't really feel like going to the 4PM conference." I smiled, nodded, and we went to the bar. We chatted for about two hours. We talked mostly about work and sports. But then, after a few drinks and both of us feeling tipsy, Matt surprised me.

"I like you, Brad. I like you a lot. Do you have a boyfriend?"

I blushed. I was bright red.

"Well... huh... no... I'm single."

"Oh, nice!" He was smiling. I knew at that time that he wanted me. But I didn't know how to react. I had never been in this kind of situation. Matt then ordered shooters. It was about 6 PM. After the 3rd shooter, Matt moved and sat next to me. He whispered in my ear.

"I want you baby. I want you bad." And he put his room card in my jean pocket. He got up and left.

I was nervous. But I was rock hard. I knew I had to go. It was now or never. So I decided to go to room 814. In front of the door, I hesitated, with the key in my hand. As I was about to turn around and go to my room, the door opened. 

"Come in Brad." So in I went. He had poured two glasses of Glenlivet. He was sitting on the bed. I took the chair beside the bed

"You're so cute, Brad. For some reason, I feel like you might not have too much experience with guys. Am I right?"

"Hum well yes. I mean, no. I have no experience at all."

Matt got up, and came close to the chair. He took my hand and placed it on his bulge.

"You will please a man for the first time tonight baby. I'm going to make you my own little faggot. And there's no turning back, baby. Once you have a cock in you, you will never go back to pussy. Never." I had a huge hard-on. I knew how important this moment was for me, for my future. This was the moment I had been waiting for so long.

Matt unzipped his pants, and took out a beautiful cock. About 8 inches long. He placed my hand on it. 

"Get on your knees bitch." I dropped to my knees. He slapped his cock on my cheeks, and then placed it close to my lips. I kissed it. It smelled good. I wanted to taste it. I wanted him to fuck my mouth. So I opened my mouth. And he pushed it in. Inch by inch. It didn't take long for me to gag.

"Hmmm yes gag on my cock, bitch. You're such a good slut. Taking my cock on the first date! I'm going to fuck that mouth so hard baby!" And he did. He started fucking my mouth as if it was a pussy. I was gagging, but I still managed to suck him good. And then I felt his body tense up. I knew he would cum. I was about to take my first load. I was about to become a real bitch.

"Fucking whore. Take my load you little bitch. I'm making you my faggot!" And he came! He shot most of his load in my mouth, and I swallowed most of it. He shot the last few drops on my face. It felt so good. I felt so fucking slutty. I wanted more. 

"Hmmm sweetie. You're such a good bitch! You know what's next sweetie. I'm gonna take your virgin pussy." I was so horny. I wanted to please him so bad. He ordered me to take all my clothes off, and led me to the bed. He laid me down on my back, and brought me to the edge of the bed.

"I'm gonna breed you, little bitch." He lifted my legs, giving him full access to my virgin ass. "This will make you mine, baby. You will remember this cock for the rest of your life. I want to mark you baby." He suddenly bent down, and burried his face between my ass cheeks. I felt his tongue on my asshole. He pushed it in. It felt so fucking good.

"Are you ready for your first cock sweetie?" I nodded. He put his hands on my hips, and I felt him penetrate me. He was being careful and soft at first, but it didn't take long for him to be rougher with me.

"You're my fucking whore, bitch! Say it!"

"I'm your whore. I'm your bitch. Please fuck me", I surprised myself saying. And that's when he started pounding me hard. I mean HARD. He was fucking me like an animal. It hurt. But I was moaning. I can't explain why I loved it so much. I could tell how good I was making him feel, and that aroused me so fucking bad. I felt slutty. I was where I was meant to be! Matt was actually helping me recognize what I truly was: a faggot slut.

"Hmmm you fucking whore. I'm gonna fill that pussy! You're such a good fucking whore. Are you ready for my load baby? I'm gonna fill you and breed you baby." I knew it was coming. He was going to fill my tight hole with his precious seed. I was moaning like a true bitch. 

"Take my load, bitch!" He was out of breath, but so was I. He was filling my virgin pussy and I loved it. I continued moaning. When he was done, he layed down besides me and started stroking my cock. It took about 30 seconds for me to shoot a huge load on my belly, and on his fingers. He took most of it to my lips. 

"A good slut doesn't waste a drop of cum, baby." So I ate my own cum. He kissed me deeply, his tongue deep in my mouth.

"You're an amazing lover, baby. I'm serious. I think this will be the best conference ever!" He hugged me. We kissed and I fell asleep in his arms, smiling. I was finally becoming what I had been wanting for so long.