 We'd all been drinking quite heavily all evening and were all somewhat more than a bit merry as I sat next to Tom on the couch whilst Joe slipped a DVD in the player and sat in the armchair with his legs splayed out. We were soon engrossed in the movie as the two girls began kissing and writhing together but a few nervous glances were exchanged as the two guys started playing around. When they began stroking each others cocks I glanced at Joe who had already unzipped his jeans with his hand inside stroking his cock, "what's the matter? Haven't you seen a hard cock before? Don't be shy" he grinned. 

Within moments both of their cocks were out and being stroked as the two guys on screen really got into it. 

"They've got the right idea" Tom said reaching over and placing his hand close to the bulge in my lap as Joe moved to sit beside me.

"C'mon, don't be shy" Tom said as I squirmed away from his searching fingers.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked as Joe started to unbutton my shirt.

"Relax" Tom whispered rubbing his hand over the ever increasing bulge in my trousers.

"Now, c'mon, joke's over…," but I didn't finish the sentence as his fingers closed over my erection and squeezed whilst Joe's fingers brushed over my hard nipple making me groan.

"That's ok, just enjoy it, but we're going to enjoy ourselves even more" Tom whispered as they both stood up and quickly undressed.

I couldn't take my eyes off their cocks and my own was now fully erect and pushing hard against my underwear. Tom reached out to touch Joe's penis with his fingers as Joe wrapped his hand around Tom's. Slowly they started stroking each other until their hands became a blur as they fisted up and down until Tom's breathing began to get quicker and his body began shuddering and I saw that he was already close to cumming. I was almost cumming myself watching his shiny cock, which was slightly smaller than mine, shudder a few more times before his semen began spraying on Joe's. Kneeling, Joe took Tom's further spurts right in his open mouth whilst continuing to jerk him off. 

"Umm……, that's so good, don't tell me you still don't want to jerk off?" Tom asked looking at me and smiled when he saw I was rubbing my cock through my trousers.

"Here, let's help you" Joe said licking some cum from around the edges of his mouth.

"I'm not gay" I replied.

"Nor am I, I just like cumming" Tom explained, "and what nobody knows about us enjoying ourselves is just between us."

"Are you sure of that?" I asked apprehensively, desperately wanting to cum.

"Of course," Joe added, "we don't want anybody to know anymore than you do."

Feeling a rush of excite surge through my body as Tom held out his hand to help me up, I began unzipping myself and they both helped me to completely undress until the three of us stood naked. Joe pulled me close until our cocks were pressing against each other, then I backed away a bit, and looked down at his penis. He was bigger in length and girth and I felt that exciting tingling in my cock, just like I normally do with Sue and wondered what it'd be like to hold him and maybe even give him a blowjob. 

Seeming to sense my thoughts he placed a hand on each of my shoulders and began pushing me down on to my knees until I was looking at the first cock that I was about to suck. He rubbed his hard cock around on my face before offering it to my mouth and without waiting, just in case I lost my nerve, I put one hand on his quivering erection, and ran my tongue from his balls all the way up the underside of his penis exactly the way I liked Sue do to me and knew exactly how this must feel to him. My efforts were rewarded by hearing him moan as my tongue lapped his balls before returning to his shaft and tongued his head a bit, all around the top and sides of it. Feeling his hands on my head I ran my tongue once more from his balls all the way to the top, but this time as I went down, I moved his throbbing cock head into my mouth. I'm not sure who groaned the louder with the pleasure, Joe or me as I slowly ran my tongue around it before sucking gently. Within a few minutes of sucking his soft spongy head I knew he was almost cumming, but then without warning Tom positioned himself behind me and eased my hips up until he was able to press the head of his cock between the cheeks of my ass. I felt a thrill round through me but oddly all I could think of was the size difference between the two which seemed to excite me all the more. Without a word he just made short thrusts back and forth along the crease in my ass, until he was pushing against my tight puckered hole and I let out a groan "Oh No!" 

But now I was enjoying, for the first time ever, the feel of a cock nudging my ass as well as the taste and feel of a throbbing cock in my mouth. Running my tongue over the slick head, before curling it under and flicking it a few times, my right hand grasped his ball sac and firmly tugged on his balls. 

"Ohhhh….," he groaned and with short thrusts began pushing his cock down my throat and although gagging at first I felt the head of his cock growing, just before it began flooding my mouth with hot cum. 

Reaching around I found Tom's cock which was slick with pre-cum and wrapped my fingers around it, feeling it twitch as his hand came around to my stomach to slowly begin moving down until his fingers ran through my pubic hair. Then wrapping his hand around my cock, which still hadn't cum, he started slowly squeezing and stroking it. Twisting around I leaned forward until I was able to lick the end of his penis, tasting Tom's precum which was completely different to Joe's. Squeezing my cock harder he groaned as I sucked him into my mouth and swirled my tongue around the end, amazed at the difference between their cocks, their size, taste and texture. Being smaller, I could take almost the whole length of Tom in my mouth as I began milking it.

Slowly he began easing himself down until we were both laying on the carpet and shifting I threw a leg over his head and straddled his face, groaning with sheer pleasure as I felt the warmth and wetness of his mouth encase my erection as he tried to do as I'd done to him and take my whole length into his mouth. I felt and heard him gag on my penis several times as he tried pushing it down his throat as I began thrusting in and out; fucking his face until with a grunt my cock began spurting cum which he tried swallowing with some success.

After some time I got up but almost immediately Joe pushed me face and stomach down, over the back of the couch, my semi flaccid penis rubbed against the cool leather just as Tom's cock came into view directly in front of my face.

"Lick it" he ordered pressing it to my lips and thrusting it past them into my mouth.

As I did so hands began rubbing my inner thighs, before they reached up to take a firm grasp of my balls. They gave a firm pull, pulling and stretching my sac, before another grabbed my cock and stroked it for a few minutes before sliding up to grasp my hip. 

As he pulled my hips back I felt a cock pressing between my cheeks and rubbing against my tight puckered hole. Joe continued rubbing up and down against my anus, and although I was beginning to enjoy the feeling of my tight hole loosening I began panicking at the thought of what he intended doing. 

Pulling Tom's cock from my mouth I looked over my shoulder and said "no, that's enough, I don't want…"

"Ok, just relax and enjoy what I'm doing" Joe urged continuing to rub his cock along my cleft and again began enjoying the wonderful sensations that were coursing through me.

Turning my face back I took Tom's cock back between my lips to suck him but groaned in disappointment when I felt Joe move away.

Slowly Tom began sliding his cock in and out as with some sort of relief I felt Joe's fingers teasing along my ass crease again, spreading something wet. I realised it must be lube when his fingers teased around my puckered hole making me groan with sheer pleasure but I almost bit through the throbbing cock in my mouth as he forced a finger past my sphincter.

"Jeeez…., careful!!" Tom shouted pulling from my mouth.

"Sorry….." I groaned as Joe's finger didn't move and following the initial pain and burning feeling I gradually began enjoying the feeling especially when he slowly rotated it.

"Umm…" I continued groaning as he slowly finger fucked me before nudging his cockhead along between my cheeks to replace his finger with it and then slowly with the aid of the lube his cockhead entered me. Again giving me a chance to get used to the size before slowly easing it deep into me until finally I felt his balls pressing against my own. 

"Feel good?" he whispered as he began thrusting, slow at first, allowing me to get even more used to his size, and when he was able to slide in and out without too much trouble he began thrusting hard. 

"Ohhh…yesss, fuck me" I moaned feeling his 8 inch cock withdraw until only his it's head was in me, then thrusting hard our balls were soon slapping together. Repeatedly he withdrew almost completely, before slamming back in me, making me moan and beg for more as I felt my own cum rising as Tom slowly pulled my foreskin back and forth.

"I'm cumming" Tom shouted grasping my hips and slamming harder into me.

I could hardly believe that this was happening as I felt hot jets of cum pumping into me.

Then the cock in my ass was slowly removed, leaving my ass wet with his cum but before I could think more about what had just happened another cock entered me. This one was slightly smaller so I knew it was Tom's but as he began shafting me it felt so different as he rotated his hips instead of just pumping in and out as Joe had done. My mind was in a whirl as the cock in my ass continued to fuck me until again I felt hot jets of cum filling my ass.

With my ass having been thoroughly stretched and filled Joe helped me to my feet and eased me back onto the couch and handed me a drink.

Sitting there I thought about Sue, although I loved her and making love, going down on her, and having her suck me I knew that she'd never been able to stop me having the pleasure of experiencing the feeling of a cock cumming in my mouth and down my throat, tasting another's man cum or feeling it pumping from his cock in my ass.