 This happened in the early '90s. One Saturday night, I went to a bar near a police precinct in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn. The bar is closed now. It was called Kelly's. I had just turned 18 and had to use fake ID to drink. I was a typical Brooklyn kid but still wet behind the ears. Guys had started to come on to me, but I was still struggling with my sexuality and I passed up a lot of opportunities—-which is something that I regret now! I had done some experimenting with other boys, but for me, sex was still a mystery waiting to be explored.

An older married friend had introduced me to Kelly's a few weeks before. I later found out my friend was bi, but I didn't know it at the time. Anyway, Kelly's wasn't a gay bar. It was a laid-back place with sports on TV , some video games and a pretty good jukebox. What made it interesting was that I could count on some members of the local precinct showing up to drink with their buddies. While my friend and I usually sat at the bar up front, the cops always took tables in the rear. Some were in uniform and some in civvies, and they always seemed to stick to themselves.

On that Saturday night I went to Kelly's alone. From my perch at the bar I would glance at the cops from time to time, because I had begun to feel that there was something about cops that intrigued me. Even if it didn't make a lot of sense, their presence seemed to add a mysterious charge to the air. I knew it had to do with manliness, but I was also fascinated by men who had learned how to strike a balance between helping people and having to use rough tactics. I never spoke to those cops. I just liked to watch them and imagine what it might be like to be one of them.

By 10 p.m. that Saturday, I was on my third beer. All that liquid had begun to get to me, so I headed for the men's room. Kelly's was not fancy, and there were only two small urinals with no partition between them. I was standing at one urinal when a tall, handsome man came in and stood at the other one. He wore aviator glasses and his brown hair was cut short. He was wearing a light blue polo shirt over a broad chest and muscular arms, and since I had seen him sitting with the cops, I figured he must be one too. While I stood there pissing, I couldn't help glancing as the guy pulled out his cock. It was enormous—at least 9 inches long and thick. The piss shot out of it, and I had to keep from staring. Then—and this was the weird part—I thought the guy's eyes were straying toward my own penis. But that seemed impossible. I finished pissing. As I shook the last drops from my cock, he gave me a little grin and met my eyes. 

What was happening? Inside, I was dissolving, but I managed to say, "This is a pretty cool place, huh?" 

The guy said, "It's okay. Depends on what you're into." As he walked off, I felt him graze my ass with his hand. 

Did he really? He couldn't have. Or if he did, it must have been an accident. Feeling a little shaky, I went back to the bar, and he rejoined his friends at a table. Whatever had happened was over. I decided I had imagined the whole thing. 

Yes, I must have imagined it.

But five minutes later the tall guy walked up to where I sat and swung onto a stool next to mine. Startled, I gave him a cautious smile. 

He said, "How's it going?" and ordered a beer and said, "Those assholes back there tell the same fucking jokes every night. I'd rather talk to a normal person for a change. He grinned and said, "You are a normal person, aren't you?" 

I laughed and said, "More or less."

He laughed too and started slugging beer from his bottle. A news show came on TV, and it contained a report of a hit-and-run accident in Williamsburg. I said, "Why do people do things like that?" 

He said, "Hit and run? Shit! Because they're scared little pussies that won't take responsibility for their own actions. They're afraid to be a man. By the way, my name's Rick." 

I felt a warm flush come over me and told him my name. We shook hands, and I said, "I was wondering if you're a cop."

He said, "Does it show?" 

I laughed. "A little." 

He went on to tell me about a woman he had arrested a week earlier for assaulting a neighbor. He said, "She said she'd blow me every week if I forgot about the thing, and she pulled out her boobs. They weren't all that great so I cuffed her." We both laughed again, and after a while our conversation moved on to other things. I explained that I was working part-time in a fast-food joint and was hoping to get into film school, but I knew it wouldn't be an easy road. 

"Yeah," Rick said. "A lot of things in life aren't easy. But when there's something you really want, you have to go for it." 

I said, "I intend to." 

"You'll do okay if you've got the skills. Of course there are some skills so special not everybody can appreciate them. Know what I mean?"

"I—I guess so," I said.

"I mean some skills are totally personal, just between you and somebody else. Strictly private stuff. You'll understand that better when you get older."

"I think I understand now," I said, feeling my heart beat faster. 

"How old are you anyway?" he asked. I didn't want to tell him I was drinking illegally, so I said I was 21. He said, "No shit? You look about fifteen." He grinned. "No offense, okay? Hell, I've only got a few years on you. Care for another one?"

I let him buy me a beer, and we kept on talking. Around 11 p.m. he finished his own beer, looked around the bar and noticed that his buddies had left. He stretched and said, "Fuck, looks like they all went home. It's about time I got out of here too." 

I was about to say, "It was nice meeting you," when he put his hand on my arm and said, "Feel like a nightcap?" At the same time I felt his knee pressing against mine.

Damn. Could this really be happening? Excited but with a shiver of fear, I agreed to go with him. We left Kelly's and he hailed a taxi and we took it to his building about a half mile away. He lived in a third-floor apartment. It was small and neat, with a kitchenette on one side and a double bed on the other. As I looked around, I was puzzled. On the kitchenette wall was a calendar with photos of nude women. And on a coffee table was a copy of Penthouse and several porn magazines, on one of which was a picture of a girl sucking a guy's cock. All the porn looked hetero. Rick wouldn't have stuff like this if he wasn't into women, would he? 

So what did it mean? Maybe I had been wrong to come here. My fantasies had kept me talking to this hot-looking guy, and now I had to deal with a touchy situation. After all, he was a cop. If I came on to him, he could give me a very bad time. It was even possible he had been trying to get me into a position where he could arrest me. But why? 

Nervously, I watched him pour rye for the two of us, and for a while we sat sipping our drinks. Trying to keep things light, I pointed to the coffee table and said, "That's some hot stuff you've got there." 

He grinned. "Jerk-off material. A guy's gotta have something to get off with. When you can't get pussy you find another way to get your rocks off. Right?" 

"Yeah, sure." I was beginning to think Rick was straight after all. Maybe he just liked to talk about sex. And I was enough of a dummy to think something else was happening. The best thing for me to do was finish my drink and leave. But as I was trying to figure how to go about it I saw Rick kick off his shoes and peel off his shirt. His pecs were large and firm, and his stomach looked so hard, I figured he must work out at a gym. As my eyes moved downward I stared at his crotch. Rick smiled, running his hand over the huge bulge in his pants. He said, "Like what you see?"

"Uh, yes...I mean ..." 

He laughed. "You're confused, right?"

"Kind of...I mean..."

"Relax, kid."

"I'm relaxed."

"I don't think you are. You look tense as shit. Know what you should do? You should get comfortable too. Let's see what you've got under that shirt." 

I still felt jittery. Here I was in the apartment of a great-looking cop. He had given me conflicting signals, and now he was sitting there with his eyes on me, and I had to decide if I was going to go through with whatever came next. My mouth felt dry. I stood up. As I unbuttoned my shirt, feeling a little embarrassed about my body—I was too thin—I could see Rick checking out every move I made. At the same time he pulled off his own pants. He was wearing a gun in an ankle holster, and he took that off and put it in a drawer. Then he slipped out of his briefs. He had a full erection. Smiling, he walked over to me and reached around with both hands and grabbed my ass. My heart was beating a mile a minute. Rick said, "I think you finally got the message, kid. A lot of us go both ways." He threw his arms around me and began pressing against me. Keeping his pelvis locked against mine he walked me backward to the bed and pushed me down. I still had my shorts on, but Rick ripped them off. His tool was a granite shaft. I was a goner. All I wanted to do was please this magnificent man. 

I fell back and spread my legs. Rick lowered his body onto mine, rubbed his hands over my shoulders and chest, then reached under me and squeezed my ass-cheeks so hard they hurt. He grabbed my legs and spread them wider. I watched him spit on his hand, slide it along his cock and then start to push his thick pole into my crack. I felt him sticking his finger into my asshole, lubricating me. I wanted this man like I'd never wanted anything before. In a few seconds Rick swung my legs up over his shoulders and began to shove his cock into my hole. I felt my sphincter relaxing to take him in. He said, "I wanted to fuck you the minute I saw you in that men's room. I don't know why—I never know why— but I knew I had to have you." His penis moved in inch by inch until it finally managed to slide all the way into me. Then he began sliding his rock-hard cock in and out of my expanded ass, giving me the most intense pleasure I had ever known. I felt a surge of joy as the guy began to speed his thrusts, increasing the tempo till he was ramming his tool in and out of my ass like a pile-driver, moving faster and faster, saying things like "Aw, fuck!" and "I'm gonna fuck you all night, kid!" 

He nearly did fuck me all night. It took him nearly 15 minutes to shoot his load into me the first time. After catching his breath, he said, "I'll be back," and got up. When he came back he was holding two pairs of handcuffs. As if in a dream I stuck out my hands. He hooked one pair to my right hand and the other to my left. Stretching my hands above my head, he cuffed each hand to the bedpost. Then he reached into a drawer and pulled out something black. 

I said, "What's that?"

"Never mind." 

The thing was made of heavy fabric—a gag. He stuffed it into my mouth and tied it around my head. Then he brought out two shiny things. I didn't know what they were till he attached them to my nipples—they were tit clamps. Finally, with my hands hooked above me and my nipples burning, he pulled my legs up over my head, stuck his finger deep into my ass, then pulled it out and shoved his cock into me again. It was unbelievable! I felt like my whole body was going to cum! I had been taken over by this man now. He possessed me. He could fuck my brains out and I wouldn't complain. I jerked around and made muffled sounds as he pumped in and out. I don't know how long he went at it this time, but when he finally came he gave a wild cry, and I could see his face contorted in ecstasy. I came too, and all I could do was groan through the gag. After that, he set me loose and dozed for a while, but in the middle of the night he woke up and fucked me again, shooting another huge load of cream into my gut. Finally he turned and closed his eyes. 

Now this muscular stud owned me. Nothing else mattered. For a long time I lay there looking at a perfect man. When I thought he was sound asleep, I shifted closer and ran my fingers over his neck and shoulders, moved down and began licking each of his nipples in a circular motion, then let my tongue follow the soft chest hair down his stomach to the forest of his crotch. His penis was limp, his balls loose. Gently licking and sucking, I made his cock grow gradually larger, and I kept sucking till his ball sack began to tighten and his cock became semi-hard again. I could taste pre-cum oozing out of the slit. I rolled the salty-sweet juice around on my tongue, savoring it. I thought if I kept doing this I might get him to ejaculate in his sleep. It took me nearly ten minutes, but gradually the sleeping giant's cock grew harder, the juice kept oozing from the slit, and I realized that his pelvis was beginning to shift, then moving more powerfully, then faster and faster, and as Rick's hips began to pump up and down against my jaw, my mouth was suddenly filled with another huge load of white-hot cum. 

Rick's eyes were still closed, but his mouth was open and he groaned. I swallowed the last precious drops and gazed at him till I fell asleep.

Hours went by before I woke up. Sunshine filtered beneath a window blind, and I felt something pressing against my ass. It was Rick's erect cock. He said, "You awake, kid?" then pulled me around and ran his finger over my lips and said, "You know how I like to start the day, don't you?" I thought he wanted to fuck me again, but I was wrong. He reached into a drawer and brought out a little leather thing with straps and tied it tightly around my cock and balls. From the same drawer he brought out a long black dildo. He rubbed lube on it and flipped me over, then slowly pushed the dildo into my asshole. I felt a mixture of pain and pleasure as the huge thing moved gradually deeper and deeper until it filled my rectum. He got the handcuffs again and fastened my hands behind my back. Then, with his hands guiding my head, Rick pushed me down between his thighs. A helpless prisoner, I began licking his balls. He moaned. Gradually, I worked my tongue around each testicle and moved toward the base of his stiff cock, hearing sounds escaping from his throat. I felt my own cock straining against the leather straps, and the dildo seemed to make my guts throb each time I heard him groan. Since I couldn't use my hands I had to do everything with my mouth. I teased him, flicking my tongue against his penis and went back to the scrotal area. But each time I returned to his shaft, I worked my tongue a little farther up. "Take it all, kid!" he said. "Swallow that cock!" I made him wait a while longer before I finally opened my mouth and took the swollen head completely in, letting my tongue roll around that treasure again and again. Rick was pushing on my head and squirming, gasping and saying, "Yeah, yeah, do it like that!" I opened my mouth wider, letting the mushroom head push farther and farther in. It was a stretch—I was not used to swallowing monster cocks—but I would do anything for this hero, and soon the entire throbbing shaft was down my throat. I moved my head up and down faster, feeling sweat running down my forehead. I knew he had begun holding back to keep the pleasure building. Then, with my head bobbing as fast as it could, I heard him cry out wildly as he began thrashing on the bed. With a whoop that must have shocked the neighbors, he shot an enormous hot load down my throat. It was a fountain of thick semen, filling my entire mouth and shooting spurt after enormous spurt, and I gulped every drop hungrily, savoring the salty-sweet man-juice that was more than cum. It was nectar from a god.

He shifted around and probed my mouth deeply with his tongue. Then he freed me from the handcuffs and other things and fell back against the pillows with a sigh. I propped myself up and looked at the sculpted lines of his face. I wanted to spend the rest of my life in that bed. I never wanted to be with anybody else. 

Suddenly he opened his eyes and said, "Holy shit, it's later than I thought! I've got to be someplace." 

I felt a sharp pang, knowing it was almost over. 

Giving me a crooked grin, he said, "You didn't mind the cuffs and shit, did you?"

I swallowed. "I loved everything."

"Cool. Let's go get cleaned up." We showered together, lathering each other's bodies and each getting another hard-on. With his soapy hands, he stroked my cock and balls until I shot again. I started to do the same for him and it wasn't a minute before I felt his semen spurting against my stomach. He pressed his tongue into my mouth while the hot water played down on us. 

Then we got dressed. As I watched him pull a T-shirt over his chest I wanted to say something like, "You are the most gorgeous man I've ever seen." But I didn't say that. I fumbled for a pen and wrote my phone number on a slip of paper. I handed it to him saying, "I'm living at home, so if somebody else answers just say you're a friend from the Steak 'n Brew. Okay?"

He stuck the paper in his pocket and pinched my nipples through my shirt and said, "Sure. Thanks." 

But Rick never called. I saw him once more in Kelly's with the other cops, but he just gave me a wave. Not long afterward, I learned that he had been transferred to a precinct in Queens, and I knew it wouldn't be smart to try to get in touch with him. It was a few years later that I saw him on TV receiving an award from the police commissioner. They said he had saved another cop's life by shooting a dope dealer. 

So that was that. As time went by I wondered if Rick ever thought of me. But maybe it didn't matter, and as I got older I realized that things had turned out for the best. What future could a guy like me have had with a guy like Rick? 

Getting hooked up with a police officer is not the greatest idea in the world anyway. 

On the other hand, every time I happen to see a tall, handsome cop walking down the street—especially if he meets my eyes—I get this feeling in my balls, and my cock starts to strain against my shorts.