 I was a 50 year old married bi who travelled a lot for business. This was convenient since I would hook up with other men when I was away from home. My failing marriage had finally come to an end. I had an apartment but I was reluctant to have encounters in my home city. I had met Karl, a tall, handsome African-American on line and hooked up with him when I visited Seattle on business. I had met him alone once and later had a threesome with him and his friend Leon. 

I kept in touch with Karl via e-mail. I told him I was planning a trip to Seattle in the next few weeks and would he be able to get together. He responded that since I enjoyed the threesome with him and Leon so much, I might be interested in meeting a group he recently joined. Karl wasn't fooling around with Leon anymore but he had found a group of bi men, some married, some single, who would meet periodically for group sex parties. Of course, this interested me a great deal. Karl said that the only drawback was that they usually met over the weekend and my business travel was during the work week. I found a solution to this problem by arranging successive trips to Seattle and San Francisco to deal with clients in both cities. I volunteered to stay in Seattle over the weekend to save the company the expense of bringing me home between the two trips.

Karl told me when the next Saturday meeting was and I arranged my travel dates to accommodate that. I was as nervous as a high school kid going on his first date as I waited for Karl to pick me up in my hotel lobby. I came down about 20 minutes early and grabbed a drink to try and calm myself. Finally, he appeared and we drove off in his car.

Karl told me that we would be meeting at the house of Paul, one of the single guys in the group. Paul had a large family room in his house which could handle a decent size party. The group was mixed race with African-American and white men involved. Attendance at any one meeting varied due to the situations each guy faced - especially the married ones. Karl mentioned that the group was a bit top heavy - far more members were into fucking than into being fucked. This sounded ideal for me.

We arrived at Paul's house in a leafy Seattle suburb. Paul was a white guy of about 50, tall and slender with brown hair and brown eyes. He introduced me to the other members present. DeJuan was a 6'-4" black guy of around 45. He had the beginnings of a belly but still looked in good shape. Al was a 5'-10" married guy of Italian descent with black hair and very dark eyes. He worked out regularly and I was floored to learn he was 55, he looked 10 years younger. Justin was the youngest at 37. He was a computer nerd and single. Justin was about 5'-7" and very thin. He had dirty blonde hair and blue eyes.

Paul was serving drinks to everyone and we all chatted a bit. They all seemed like nice guys and my nervousness was wearing off, although I was still anxious about what was to come. Before long, Paul announced it was time to adjourn to the "play room."  

We followed him into a large family room with exercise mats covered with sheets strewn about the room. There was also large bowl full of condoms. There were also several small bottles of lube, towels and mouthwash on a table. We all started to strip and my eyes devoured the sight of all these naked men. Dejuan had the largest penis, it turned out to be over 10" erect. Al and Paul each had nice, thick 7" cocks. Justin was only 6" but his cock still looked good to me. Karl was 6'-2" with an impressive 9" cock. Once we were all naked, I knelt in the middle of the room and said, "feed me, guys!" Dejuan was the first to respond as he pushed his giant cock into my waiting mouth. Karl and Paul approached me, their hard-ons bouncing in front of them. Without taking my mouth off Dejuan's cock, I grabbed theirs and began stroking. Soon, I moved from cock to cock eagerly sucking and licking. I noticed that Al was fucking Justin. Dejuan went over to stick his cock in Justin's mouth and I was left with Paul and Karl. "Well, who wants to be the first to fuck me?" I asked.

Karl quickly volunteered and Paul said he would be next. I lubed up my ass and got on all fours. Paul knelt in front of me and I took his cock in my mouth. Karl began to slowly fuck me. He had fucked me a few times before and I always loved the feeling of his big cock invading my ass. Meanwhile, I was deep throating Paul's thick 7" meat. I got an incredible erotic charge out of having a cock in each of my holes. Paul told me to go slow as he didn't want to cum yet. Karl had no such reservations and began to really slam his cock in my man hole. A few minutes later he exclaimed, "I'm cummmmming!" 

"My turn," said Paul. He put on a condom and his cock entered my ass rather easily after Karl had opened it up. Paul really knew how to attack an ass with his cock and I loved the feeling he gave me. Karl's cock was semi-hard after cumming, but my mouth soon had him fully erect. My cock was throbbing with excitement as I sucked Karl's big cock and felt Paul's thick meat pounding my ass. 

Paul did not take long to cum and almost as soon as he pulled out, Dejuan was standing behind me saying, "I want to try this ass now!" I felt a little pain as he pushed his huge cock into me but it soon passed. I had never felt so full. His cock stretched my ass wider than it had ever experienced. He began slowly but picked up the pace as he went along. I was in heaven with his huge cock pounding my ass. My own cock was throbbing with excitement and oozing precum.

Al came over and knelt in front of me and I took his very thick cock in my mouth. I couldn't ask for anything more. I felt like such a slut and enjoyed every second of it. Dejuan began to fuck me harder, ramming his giant penis in and out of my ass. Soon, he yelled "I'm cumming!" He let his cock rest in my ass for a few minutes while I orally worshiped Al's cock. Al began to fuck my mouth, driving his cock down my throat. He pumped a huge load and I made sure I swallowed every drop. 

I took a break for a minute and saw that Karl was fucking Justin. I noticed that Dejuan was still hard so I went to my knees in front of him and began to suck his monster cock. While I was doing this, Paul and Al got into the 69 position and were enjoying each other's cocks. 

I fondled Dejuan's heavy balls and licked up and down his cock, paying particular attention to his piss slit. He kept telling me what a good cocksucker I was. I smiled up at him and said, "I love doing this." Then I went back to sucking. I had licked and sucked his cock for over 5 minutes when his cock erupted and shot a huge amount of man seed down my throat. 

I took a break and helped my self to a glass of the wine Paul had thoughtfully provided. The others were pausing, too. I looked at Justin and said, "yours is the only cock I haven't had. Let's fix that situation now." I once again fell to my knees and engulfed his cock with my mouth. He hadn't cum yet either so it didn't take long before I was swallowing another load of cum. As always, I made sure to get every drop.

Justin smiled at me and said, "it's your turn." This time I was standing and Justin was on his knees. He was an accomplished cocksucker and it did not take long for me to reward him with a tremendous load. He managed to swallow every drop and kept licking and sucking me to ensure that he did.

At this point, everyone was a little tired. After all, we were a bunch of middle-aged men and we couldn't regenerate that fast. We talked about our experiences and I have to say they had some hot stories. We drank and talked for about a half hour and then went for one more round. I was fucked by Karl and Paul. I sucked Al's dick. Dejuan fucked Justin and he sucked some dick too. 

All good things must come to an end, or so goes the cliché. It was time to leave. We exchanged e-mail addresses and I promised to stay in touch. We dressed and said our goodbyes. Karl drove me to my hotel. Once in my room I took a nice, hot bath to rest my sore ass. I knew I wanted to do this again.