 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consentual or reluctant sex.

*
 Long before the movie Fight Club, I had a similar experience back in the small college I attended. It was my first serious fight and led to my first sexual experience with another guy...and it was all over a girl.

Nancy was a cheerleader. She was a cute, curvy girl possessing a vibrant personality and an hourglass body with a mane of dark hair. She was smart, sassy and fun...and I was crazy about her. We'd become friends, hanging out, swimming over the summer but no real dates. You see she had a boyfriend. A tall, athletic guy who was also a smart ass and a jerk. We'd never gotten along and once he caught on to my friendship with and interest in his girlfriend, well, something was going to happen.

Craig was an athlete, a discus thrower on the track team. He was a few inches taller and 30 lbs heavier than me, competitive, confident and really full of himself. We began having confrontations in the halls between classes and when we shared the same gym class he missed no chance to show me up and try to intimidate me. Finally he confronted me one day with a few of his friends and told me I needed to stay away from Nancy. I refused and he responded with a challenge. If I wanted to see her and try to win her over I'd have to go through him and prove I was worthy. He wanted to fight me and if I won, he'd back off and let me see her. If I lost, I'd do as he said and stay away from her from now on. Surrounded by his friends and with one of mine also looking on, I couldn't back down. I agreed to fight him.

A few days later we stood facing each other in a sweltering gym in a secluded corner of the campus. It was old and small and now used only for practice by the wrestling team. Craig had brought a group of six friends. Half the floor was covered with a huge padded wrestling mat, the other side was bare with the second mat rolled up into a long tube some 2 feet thick which ran across the room. 

We'd agreed to fight wearing only jockstraps and now faced each other at the side of the mat, each of us stripping off our t shirts and shorts and sizing up the others nearly naked body. Craig's athletic, V shaped body was already starting to shine with perspiration from the heat. He had a deep chest and ribcage, long slender stomach with taut abs and a round, tight ass. His legs were lean and his skin had a light tan. He had no chest hair but his armpit hair and pubic bush were thick and light brown, I knew from seeing him in the showers. I had a slender build, paler skin and a good bit of dark body hair on my chest and legs. A trail of dark hair ran from my navel into my bush. 

One of his friends called out "Ready...Go!"

We circled each other warily before we finally came together and each tried to throw the other down. He pulled me down quickly and began to punish me by squeezing and stretching my body. We rolled around and strained against each other, He was stronger and faster but I put up a good fight...for awhile. After a few minutes we were both slick and dripping with sweat, our chests and bellies heaving as we both were panting for breath. He slapped my ass hard and I yelped in pain, I managed to land a blow to his taut stomach that made him grunt and stagger. I wrapped my arms around him and wrestled him to the mat, both of us struggling and grunting and trying to land a solid blow. I was amazed at the feeling of his hard, muscular body sliding and pressing against mine. We were drenched in sweat and the feeling of slick, hot, wet skin against skin was incredible...We struggled to our feet...I could tell he was tiring but I was much more so. His athletic strength and stamina were wearing me out. 

Suddenly he rushed me and as we clenched he brought his knee up hard into my balls. I grunted loudly and felt the pain shoot through me, robbing me of my strength. I sank to my knees holding my crotch. He walked slowly up to me and grabbed my hair, pulling my head back before slapping me hard across the face. The impact stung like hell and spun me around onto my stomach. I tried to get to my hands and knees but as I did Craig kicked me in the stomach from underneath. I cried out and rolled onto my side. He jumped on top of me and sat astride my chest, pinning my arms over my head. He slapped me again several times before reaching behind his back to grab my cock and balls and squeeze...hard. I groaned and yelled and writhed as he punished me. Finally he released me and stepped back, admiring his victim. I was spread eagled on the floor, my chest heaving, balls aching, exhausted. There was no more fight in me and we both knew it. He grabbed my wrists and dragged me toward the rolled up mat. One of his buddies grabbed my ankles and they draped me over the roll with my arms and legs spread on either side. The guys began to yell and cheer their man. 

"Winner has his way with the loser!" one of them yelled. 

"Yeah, strip the little bitch naked!" yelled another. 

Craig approached me and leaned over, rubbing his hand over my arched body, slippery with sweat.

"Time to pay up, loser." he whispered. 

"No, we never..." I gasped, but it was too late. 

He grabbed my jock and roughly slid it over my hips and off, revealing my hairy cock and swollen, throbbing balls. The guys hooted and encouraged him as he roughly grabbed my balls and squeezed again. I gasped and groaned, arching my back off the roll before he released me and I sank back down. 

"He likes it, Craig, look at him gettin' a hard on!" 

They yelled. I was humiliated to see my penis had begun to swell and he grabbed it with a cruel smile and stroked me several times. 

"What am I doing the work for, Loser?" 

He stepped back and stripped off his own jockstrap and I groaned as I saw his big penis pop free and jut out from the thick honey brown bush between his legs.

"You're gonna suck my big dick, pussy!" 

He straddled my chest, again pinning my arms over my head with one hand while his sweaty, swollen cock and fat hairy balls neared my face. I looked up at him, helpless and pleading for him not to, but he forced my mouth open and slid his stud cock past my lips and into my mouth. 

My eyes widened and my back arched as he began to pump my mouth with his cock. He pushed deeper into my mouth with each thrust until he was fully inside my throat, my nose in his pubic hair and his balls against my chin. He held it there until I began to gag and then pulled out leaving a glistening strand of spit from his big head to my open lips. I gasped for breath but he pushed into me again, pumping my mouth with his long, hard penis. I could see the crowd of boys around us closing in cheering my humiliation and watching as he took me, his trophy for beating me. Again and again he fucked my mouth, deep and rough and forceful. 

Finally he began to pump faster and groaned that he was going to cum in my mouth...My eyes widened even more and I strained against him to no avail. With a deep grunt he thrust all the way into my mouth and I felt a hot flood as he held his cock deep, spurting his salty, hot cum into my throat, filling my mouth with his sperm. He pulled out and pushed in again and his cum spilled over my lips and ran down my face. He gave a loud roaring groan as he emptied his full balls into me. I wearily opened my eyes to see his shiny, wet muscular chest heaving above me, his bush was in my face and his cock still filled my mouth. Slowly he withdrew and his cock head popped free from my mouth, still dripping a glistening wet sheen of my spit and his cum. He stepped off me leaving me lying there in front of the other guys, panting with exhaustion, spread eagled with my face covered in his cum. I was so humiliated I couldn't move. 

"You know, it wouldn't be right to just leave you unsatisfied, would it, bitch?." he said, straddling the roll between my legs. 

I shook my head and tried to get up but one of the guys grabbed my wrists and held me down as Craig grabbed my cock and began stroking it. He wiped a handful of his come off my face and used it to lube my shaft as he worked me...I groaned despite myself and felt my penis respond. I grew hard in front of 6 strangers as the young stud who'd beaten me and raped my mouth now stroked me to a long arching erection...pulling my pubic hair, slapping my balls and all the while stroking hard and fast until I began to thrust my hips off the mat, gasping and grunting with arousal and humiliation...He jerked me until I couldn't hold back and gave in, groaning out loud as my cum erupted in creamy strands of hot sperm, soaking his hand and dripping into my bush and over my balls.. I collapsed completely, panting, aching, exhausted. I felt Craig scoop a thick load of cum off my shaft and bring it to my face, wiping it all into my mouth. 

"We're about done here, lets go guys. You lost, got it?" 

I nodded weakly...They turned and walked downstairs to the showers. I lay there exhausted for a long time before dragging myself to the showers and finally left, completely beaten but still tingling inside from the experience.