 On the way home from college, I was walking with the hottest boy I know, who I have had the biggest crush on for Fucking ages. It was raining, cold and there was still ages left until the bus came. Luckily, this hot twink lived nearby. So, as anyone would, I asked him if I could come over to kill some time, and shelter from the rain. As soon as he said yes, I knew I was going to try my hardest to get him to take his clothes off. Quite honestly I couldn't wait.

About 10 minutes later, there I was. On his bed. My cock was harder than it had ever been. It was Fucking throbbing. We always play with eachother at school, touching eachothers cocks and caressing eachother, only joking, though. I ran my arm up his leg, and he jokingly accepted. He did it back just a few seconds later, only to reach the point where my hard dick tucked to the left. He wasn't surprised at my raging boner, and he didn't say much to disapprove. He looked at me as if to say 'put it inside of me you horny bitch'. I stared into his blue eyes, and touched his cock, held onto it, and watched his facial expression turn into that of a pleased one. This was nothing though, not compared the moment which quickly lead to me leaning in. He didn't resist at all. He closed his eyes. 

And as soon this happened, I closed mine. Our lips touched, and I started to passionately tongue his cute little mouth. Not long after that, I was laying on top of him with my legs knelt and apart, kissing him quickly. I wedged my hand between his trousers and his pants and caressed his massive bubble butt. I began to move my other hand around his chest, before slowly moving down to his cock. I slipped my hand into his pants, still kissing him, and jerked his dick as much as his tight jeans would allow me. Suddenly, I pulled away from his beautiful lips. I undid my jeans, and pulled my cock out. He was blown away, as not only was this my first time, but his too, surprisingly. He nervously placed his hands on my dick, and started to jerk me off. After that, he finally put it in his mouth. I'm not the largest guy in the world, but he had some trouble trying to fit it all in. He regularly took my dick out of his mouth, followed by a small amount of my precum. 

We both stood up to undress each other. After this, I felt it was only fair that I sucked his cock. It was around the same length as mine, so i pushed him on the bed and started to handle his junk. Quite nervously, I forced myself to put my lips around his manhood and suck.

Moments later, he moaned a little bit. What seemed to have been hours had passed since we got undressed, and he was close to climax. I released his uncut cock from my mouth, and aggressively jerked him off to the point where he cummed all over himself. His stomach and groin were covered in cum. His pleased face was hotter than anything I'd ever seen. After his eruption, I cleaned his head off with my mouth, and happily swallowed what was left. I wiped up his cum with my fingers, and fed it to him. He said 'why didn't we do this sooner?' I agreed. 

He quickly got up and ran to the bathroom, conveniently next door, with cum still running down his body. I wondered where he was going until he came back seconds later with a bottle of baby lotion. I looked at him and smiled as he seductively stared at me.

He said, 'you first.' I put one of the condoms on which he had laying next to his bed, and slapped his ass with my cock. I lay on the bed with my legs on the floor and my cock in the air, as he sat on my groin facing me. I put the baby lotion on my cock and balls, which he was massaging, and I reached my lubed up fingers into his asshole. He slowly raised his rear in the air as if he was mounting a bike. He slowly sat on my dick and he opened his mouth wide as my head went in. I'd like to think this was out of pleasure, as his tight ass was widened slowly by my 7" dick. After this, we took it slowly. He slid my cock slowly into his ass, until his cheeks were touching my thighs. His now flaccid cock touched my stomach and he rose back up, and down again. We sped up, and before long I was fully Fucking his little ass. He moaned like a little bitch as his cock flapped up and down. I must have been getting the right spot, as he was releasing bits of cum from his soft uncut penis, spraying all over my face. I massaged his hairy legs, which turned me on even more. Fuck me I love a twinks hairy legs.

After 15 long minutes, I felt the urge to cum. He backed off my cock after announcing this to him. He looked all to excited as he got on his knees and awaited my load. Not much jerking was needed for me to cum all over his face. My cumload seemed to last forever, considering I wanked only earlier that morning. I was out of breath, as was he. I felt my dick slowly go down, and at this moment we both laid back on his bed and kissed some more as our flaccid cocks touched one another. This felt great. After a while I got up and put my clothes back on. He put his pants back on, and stayed in bed. I was about to leave. He said "that, was fucking great. Next week?" 

"Fuck yes," I replied. I turned around towards the front door, and walked out. Before closing the door, I turned round once again and stared at him. I smiled, and closed the door, thinking to myself. "I can't wait for next week."

That was, my first ever gay sex experience, and boy was it a good one.