 My first cock.

I was 28 years old, a manly man, divorced from my second wife. A friend of mine whom I had been hanging out with for years was solidly gay. I'm 6 feet tall and weighed 180 pounds and Andrew was 6 feet 2 inches and weighed a solid 210 pounds. He was hairless everywhere, whereas I am a fairly hairy guy.

One evening we were hanging out drinking some beer and I told him I was headed down to the local rent a hot tub place. He asked if I were going alone and I said yes. He asked if I'd like some company, so we headed off with some more beer to soak.

We checked in for an hour long soak and went into the large tub room. It would hold 8 people easy and had a couple lounges along the side to lie on. Got the Jets going and eased our naked bodies into the inviting waters. We sat there shooting the bull and drinking a beer when he reached out and slid his hand along my chest, commenting how furry it was. I looked at him and ran my hand over his hairless chest and remarked on the contrast. Now, we had never been intimate in any way before but everything just kind of played out that night.

I have very sensitive nipples and they had started getting hard. Andrew noticed this and started tweaking them, getting them like little stones. He bent and licked one, then pulled it into his mouth and lightly bit it. I moaned and he sat up in front of me, grinning. My cock had gone from relaxed to instant diamond cutter. I then moved my mouth to his nipple and did the same thing. He reached for my head and, looking me in the eyes, pulled my face to his and kissed me. Wow! Just fucking wonderful! He shoved his tongue into my mouth and was pinching my nipples with one hand while holding my head into the kiss with his other. What a rush, my 6.5 inch cock went from hard to tempered steel. I began playing with his nipples with one hand and ran the other down to my incredible boner. He felt me move and reached down to feel me as well. When he wrapped his hand around my cock, I don't know which of us moaned into our kiss louder. I reached for his cock and found it just as stiff as mine.

Andrew broke our kiss and still looking me in the eye, asked if I was sure I wanted to go further. In answer, I pulled him in for another great kiss, swirling our tongues together. I pushed him back onto the seat on the far side of the tub, never breaking our lip lock, holding onto his cock with one hand. He sat, broke our kiss and said "relax". He turned me around and pulled me back onto his lap where he snuggled his dick into the crack of my ass. He wrapped his arms around me and started playing with my nipples again while he kissed the back of my neck. He liked my earlobe and asked me in a low sweet voice if I really wanted to go on with this. I answered "yes" and pushed my ass back along his dick.

He pushed me off, and moved me up on the edge of the tub where he could take my cock in his mouth. What a talented sucker he was. He licked me from tip to balls, rolling them in his mouth. He started playing with my hole and got it all lubed up with saliva then ran a finger into me. I blew my load instantly down his throat with him swallowing it. He then moved his mouth to my ass and pushed some of my cum into it with his tongue. He lubed me up with my own cum and was sliding two fingers in my hole when he moved up to kiss me again. As his lips touched mine and he slid his cum slick tongue into my mouth, he pulled his fingers out of my hole and I felt it! He was sliding the head of that beautiful cock along my hole! Oh, how forbidden it felt! He then grabbed me by the head and held our kiss as he set the flared head of that beautiful prick against my hole and started applying pressure. He was lined up just right and he pulled his mouth back to say "relax, baby". He pulled my head to him and thrust his tongue in my mouth as I felt him flex and that glorious prick started to slide in my slick hole. Little by little, I felt it spreading me, slowly sliding deeper. I felt it pop past my ring and slide further in. His pressure was steady and the combined cum and saliva worked beautifully. With surprise, I opened my eyes as I felt him press home and our hips joined. I looked at him as he smiled and I said "I guess I'm not so totally straight now, huh?" 

He said "I guess you're right, are you ready?"

I looked at him and said "yes, fuck me babe". 

He was ever so gentle and started sliding slowly out. He pulled all the way out, looked down and said "let's get some more lube". I was pooling slick fluid from the head of my dick and he scooped it up and rubbed it on my hole and his dick then slowly slid back in. Oh how wonderful it felt! He slowly picked up the pace and was sliding into me pretty fast when he pulled me in for a kiss again and with a huge moan into my mouth, he went stiff. I could feel his hard dick pulsing in my hole and knew he was filling me with his cum. My hands went to his ass and I pulled him deeper into me as I spread my legs further. I wanted him to spray as deep as he could.

We stayed locked together until I felt him relax a little. He then moved his still hard prick and began sliding in and out. Another cum for him was out, but he pinched my nipples and the feeling was overwhelming for me. As he thrust in and out of me, I sprayed another load of cum, shooting so hard some of it hit my face.

We lay on the side of the tub for a bit and gathered our strength then got up and went to the shower in the room. Our time was almost up so we soaped each other and got clean. Checked out of the room and headed back to his apartment. 

There is more to the story, but this is the end of the first cock I ever took in my ass.

I hope you enjoyed the story, all names have been changed but the incident truly happened.

JJ