 Note: autobiographical, not fiction. Lucky me.

***

The idea of sucking cock did not appeal to me for the first 50 years of my life. Then, the love of my life left me, claiming I was too dominant to put up with. In an emotional turmoil, I began to investigate websites about how to be less dominant. Web searches for such things as 'female led relationships' or 'wife led marriage' did not, surprisingly, lead me to psychological self-help sites. However, the idea of submitting sexually to a woman touched a place in me I didn't know I had, I had always been the spanker, not the spankee. I had been the one to put someone in handcuffs and take them out in public to face possible embarrassment and humiliation. The idea of submitting was new, but not repulsive. In fact, the more I considered it, the more I understood it. I had been a dominant because I wanted my partner to enjoy it. I wasn't a sadist, who just wanted to cause pain; I wanted to cause sensual pain; pleasurable pain.

Continuing to search femdom type sites, I then found cuckold and sissy sites. Women 'forcing' their men to do things they didn't want to do, just to please her. At first, I didn't think this was a way I wanted to go, but in time, I accepted that total submission meant doing what my partner wanted. Being comfortable with the idea of sucking a cock in front of her led, in time, to being comfortable with sucking a cock even when she was not present. From here, it was just a small step to accept that I was a submissive male who wanted to serve men with my mouth.

At this point, I considered my options, and quickly realized that finding a man who wanted a 'no-strings' sexual romp would be much easier than finding a woman who wanted one. Women don't have to advertise; in five minutes in a bar, or store, or line at a bank, etc., they can find a sexual partner. It is harder for men. We do have to advertise. Thank you internet! After the decision to go looking for men it only took a day to find my first match. Over the next few years I was with eleven men, some memorable, most not.

The next big step, for me, came after I retired and moved to another state. I was more willing to be publicly known as, if not gay, certainly bisexual. An internet ad came up in the man for man section:

"Orgy. Two to Six p.m. Saturday at ______. All tops, bottoms and switches are welcome."

I could not turn down such an opportunity to be the slut I needed to be. With nervous anticipation, I drove to the address. I sat in my car until I saw several other guys enter the house. Timidly, I knocked at the door and was welcomed by a tall, thin, silver-headed mature man. Inside, I met four other invitees, who were already naked. Unsure of what to do, I kept my pants on until asked by the homeowner, Bob, if I was planning to stay.

"I've never done this sort of thing before. I don't know what to do." 

"Just get naked; you'll figure things out." 

Soon, the other four paired up and walked to a nearby bedroom. After stripping, I followed them. They were on the bed, in two separate pairs, kissing and caressing each other. I started by just rubbing the nearest ass, then two at once. The bed was set very high, so they were above my waist, which made it very easy to just lean over and take the nearest cock into my mouth. Soon I was moving between all four of them, fluffing the entire group as they continued to touch and kiss each other. Three of them were only average in size, but the fourth was at least eight inches long and as thick as a sausage. I focused on him; I couldn't help myself.

I took his entire cock into my mouth, his pubic hairs tickling my nose as his full length pressed against the back of my throat. I felt him shift position, rolling onto his back and sitting up to give me easier access. 

He said "I'm impressed. I've had very few guys good enough to take the whole thing." 

I hummed "thank you" as I slowly worked my tongue and lips around his stiff shaft. 

The whole group slowly stopped what they were doing to each other and just watched me in action. Soon, he began to rock his pelvis against me, then placed his hands on the back of my head and erupted into my mouth. Four strong pulses filled my mouth with his creamy essence, nearly choking me before I withdrew it enough to swallow. 

"Yummy," I said, "anybody want to be next?" 

His former partner grabbed me by the hair and pulled me onto him. He was barely six inches, so he was much easier to work with. The surprising thing was that I felt several hands on my ass. Two new participants had arrived, one of which had at least a ten inch cock. Thin, but TEN INCHES! As his fingers pressed into my crack, I spread my legs to give him easier access.

"Get some lube, please, I am a virgin."

Doing so, he worked first one, then two fingers deep into me. I wiggled my ass, expressing my happiness at being taken advantage of by such a gentleman. 

"I want to fuck you," he said. 

"Use a condom, please, and go slow," I answered. 

With steady pressure, he eased himself into me, inch by inch, until he was totally committed. I was in heaven, the feeling of being taken was like nothing I had ever experienced before, but definitely pleasurable. He gripped my hips with both hands and began pushing more urgently into me as I pushed back to meet him. 

"Fuck me, Fuck me, make me your bitch," came out of my mouth.

I was finally where I needed to be: a submissive slut being used by an alpha male who saw what he wanted and took it. Further aroused by my obvious submission, he drove deep and came hard enough for me to feel his spasms through the condom, as the guy in my mouth joined in with his own load.

Quivering with ecstasy, I lay limp on the bed as another guy knelt near my face and another one got between my legs. My ultimate fantasy was going to come true: I was going to suck off or be fucked by every guy in the house. 

Unfortunately, reality interfered. Bob came into the room and said that he had just gotten a phone call from his aunt and that she would be there in ten minutes. We had to leave. Now! I never got the names or phone numbers of any of the others, and Bob never hosted another event. Damn! That was 370 days ago. I keep dreaming of another similar experience--with a ten inch cock.