 When I was 34, I was a very happily married full fledged heterosexual man. My wife was a very attractive blonde, several years my junior and our bedroom activities were really hot. I considered myself 100% straight, even though I had received a drunken blow job from my college dorm roommate, when I was 18, which I did not return the favor on by the way. It was a one time thing that "just happened" one night and was never mentioned again by either of us.

Me and my wife bought our first house together and through our short 2 year marriage, which ended in a divorce, we never lost "our spark" in the bedroom. She was a total hottie to me and I was always eager to enjoy her favors as often as possible. She was a very sexy girl, always eager to please me and I was both happy and eager to share my 7 1/2"s with her as often as possible. We enjoyed a very active normal sex life and on the kinky side, I was happy she allowed me to perform anal penetration on her and she would happily provide oral sex to me upon request. In case you're wondering, the divorce was not for lack of passion in our sex life, it was for totally unrelated reasons that I won't get into now.

We had been married for almost 2 years, when one day I went to our local mall outlet store, which had a Sears department store in it. I went alone and while I honestly don't remember what I was shopping for, I do remember that I was in the lawn and garden department. I stopped my shopping for a bit to use their public restroom and went to the corner of the store where it was located.

Inside the restroom were 2 adjoining stalls with locking doors, both unoccupied at the time. There was a metal partition separating them as I chose the one in the corner, closest to the wall. As I entered and locked the door to my stall, I heard someone else enter the bathroom, but couldn't see them because I was locked inside my stall. 

The man quickly entered the stall next to mine and I could hear him lock his door. As I surveyed my surroundings, I noticed to the left of me, in the metal wall partition separating us, there was a 4-5 inch diameter hole about waist level. As I was standing in front of my commode, through the hole in the wall, I could look down at an angle and see his pant leg as he stood in front of his commode. I have always been a little self conscious about using public facilities with strangers around, so I was having a little trouble getting started.

As I stared down at the hole, I saw him drop his pants and underwear to his ankles so that they bunched around his shoes. I stared at his bare leg and as I watched it, I saw it start to tremble, to shake rhythmically. I thought to myself, "this guy couldn't be masturbating in a public restroom, could he?" 

I bent over to get a closer look, but not too close to the hole to be seen so I would be caught looking. I was shocked to see that was exactly what he was doing. 

He wasn't huge, in fact I was bigger than he was and thicker too. What fascinated me was that his cock was rock hard and he had only been in there for less than a minute. And when I say rock hard, I mean rock hard, pointing straight out as he stroked it so slowly. He would occasionally stop his stroking and tug on his balls, which allowed his cock to point straight out unassisted, testifying to it's granite like hardness. 

Maybe I leaned in too close, maybe he saw me, maybe he saw my shadow, or maybe this guy just had a lot of guts, but the next thing I knew, he just shoved his cock through the hole into my stall. Startled, I jumped back and just stared at it, afraid to make a sound, both angered by his audacity but curious enough to want to look at it. His cock protruding from the hole, he shifted around until his balls hung into my stall also. Angered that he was so arrogant about this, I honestly thought about punching him in the balls, but I didn't, instead I reached down and stroked his cock and balls softly. To this day, I don't know why I did, but I did it without thinking and it really excited me to hold such a hard cock. 

All he said was two words, softly spoken but with confidence, "suck it."

Again, I don't know why I did this, but I dropped to my knees and took his extremely hard cock in my mouth tentatively. He was about 6 inches long, moderately thick, circumcised and Caucasian, honestly, that was all I could tell you about him. He smelled clean and fresh, and I'm embarrassed to say, I actually relished his virile hardness in my mouth. I don't know if women know this, but men get erections of various hardness, I think most men know this. This guy was so hard it was like a bone in my mouth, unyielding, unbending iron steel stiff.

At first I sucked on it a little experimentally, just exploring the overall hardness contrast with the skin texture smoothness. Hesitatingly and with some reservation, even with the thrill or threat of someone walking in, I came to terms with what I was doing and found myself highly aroused. I was eager to please him now and the more I sucked his masculine cock, the more I became unashamed and aroused. I became obsessed with his cock, while I consumed his length and girth, the thought of pleasing him consumed me. 

I became his captive audience for his cock and his pleasure, nothing else seemed to matter except to please this piece of muscle and flesh. I became a man possessed, all my efforts were centered on his cock on my mouth. The head was silky soft, the skin smooth and flawless, the shaft so hard and unrelenting, I was lost in my efforts to do my best. As shame washed over my face and made me blush, the excitement of something so taboo made me continue. I was lost in this piece of flesh and wanted him to release the proof that would confirm he was pleased.

He just stood there, letting me sate my hunger as he let me feed on his cock. I tried to do things that I knew I liked done to myself, like suck hard on the tip and press the point of my tongue into that cluster of nerves under the head. Forcing my head down all the way to his pelvis, I fought through my gag reflex and was even proud of myself when I choked down his entire length. He seemed to appreciate my efforts as he strained to push himself into the wall, making small groans and grunts to confirm my efforts were suitable to him.

I built a slow rhythm and he started grunting louder, as I kept up this pace that he seemed to enjoy. After maybe 5 minutes of worshipping his cock, he started humping into my mouth and I knew he was getting close. It excited me so much that I redoubled my efforts to please him.

Suddenly he spoke more aggressively, "swallow that load, eat it up, swallow my cum."

He started groaning and shaking as he spasmed and spurted into my mouth. Maybe 6 or 8 squirts of heavy volume sprays volleyed into my mouth and I didn't mind. I let him enjoy the pleasure I was giving him, I didn't want to interrupt his throes of passion by pulling off, so as directed, I swallowed gulp after gulp from his cock. 

At first I didn't know if I could swallow it, but it really didn't gross me out too much, actually not at all. It didn't really taste unpleasant, different from anything I have ever eaten before, but not totally disagreeable. It was thinner than my own cum, I think, and definitely more volume than my own ejaculations, but mostly just the idea of not quitting on him spurned me to do it.

As he started to wilt in my mouth, he pulled out, tucked himself back in his pants, and said, "be here next Thursday at 3:00PM," then as quickly as he entered, he was gone.

As I composed myself, I got a little nervous, as it dawned on me what I had just done. Sometimes things happen and you can't justify why you did what you did at that moment, you just live with it. This was one of those times. I never peed, I guess I lost the urge, so I just stuffed my hard cock back into my pants, zipped up and walked out quickly. I felt like every eye in the place was on me, like every one in the store knew what I had just done. I looked at every guy in the department store as I went to my car, but none seemed to confirm or acknowledged they were my "secret friend".

As I got in my car and went home, it dawned on me that I should have looked at the pants all the men were wearing, since that was all I had really seen through the hole, to help me identify who was in the stall next to me, but I didn't. That taste seemed to stay in my mouth for quite a while, at least until I got a soda when I got home.

Was I there next Thursday at 3:00PM, 

you bet I was. 

To be continued...