 This story is short and to the point, mainly because it's true. I want the reader to know that this is a true story about my first, and only gay experience. Enjoy. 

---------------------------------------------------------------

I'm a happily married man. I love my wife. I love my life. Yet, there's always been this itch in the back of my mind to try something else. See, my wife and I have a very diverse sex life. About a year ago, we bought a strap-on for her. There's no feeling like being taken by your wife. My legs are tossed up, crossed behind her back. Her big tits bouncing in my face as I get fucked. I'll write stories about that sometime...

But this story is about where it took me. One weekend, she was away visiting family. I was sitting watching baseball and drinking my favorite bourbon when I decided I was going to see if I could take this fantasy a step further. I got onto a local personal ad site and posted "married guy looking for fun." I was looking for another, younger guy to come over and we play.

Oh, the anticipation... I was laying there naked on my couch. I was stroking my average length, thick cock. I'm in my late 20's, 5'11" and around 220lbs of mostly muscle. I'm a stocky guy. My brown hair gives way to a red beard. My chest is very hairy. My pubic hair is bright red. At this moment, my 6" cock is hard as a rock, and wide enough that my hand can barely make it all the way around. 

It took about 30 minutes, but I finally got a hit by a guy who was ready to come over right then. I gave him the address and he got in the car right then. My heart was pounding. I poured another double of whiskey and tossed it back. I figured I'd need the liquid courage soon. About 15 minutes later, there was a knock on my door.

I opened it to find a guy in his late teens or early twenties. He looked part hispanic. Man, did he have a hard body, though. About my height and probably about 40 lbs lighter, even for a (mostly) straight guy like me, he was hot. He looked down at my already rock hard cock and smiled. He was wearing tight jeans and a white t-shirt. 

We went back to my bedroom. I took his shirt off. It wasn't a disappointment. Though he was in no way muscular, his abs were tight. His olive colored skin surrounded his dark nipples. The left nipple had a small ring in it. I couldn't help myself. I took the nipple with the ring on it into my mouth. Sucking gently, I caressed his body. 

My hands found their way to his crotch. Here was one of those moments I was so excited. I could feel his cock through his pants and it was such a turn on. I'd never touched another one but my own before. He was laying back on the bed, with his arms up over his head. We were positioned at the foot of the bed with me over the top of him. He had his eyes closed and was just enjoying the sensations.

I couldn't hold back. I opened his fly and worked his jeans down. Underneath, he was wearing blue boxer-briefs with a gray waistband. Now, my mouth was watering. These tight underwear didn't leave much to my imagination. His cock was hardening, and I could tell it was long. 

I placed my fingers inside the waistband of his underwear, and slowly worked them down. He groaned as his cock sprang free. He was clean shaved. His whole package was a little darker than the rest of his body. He had nice sized balls that my hand found instantly... evoking another moan from him.

It was his cock that excited me. If I could pick one for a first time, it would have been this one. It was over 7 inches long, but not very wide. It made it look longer. With what I had on my mind, I was scared of a real wide cock. This one was perfect. 

I found out quickly what else a long, thin cock gives you. It makes it easy to deep throat. By this point, with the amount of alcohol in my veins and how far we've gone, I didn't take much time to take the whole 7 inches into my mouth. I sucked him for 3 or so minutes. Though he started off just semi-hard, by the time I was done he was solid as a rock. 

How was my first time sucking cock? I liked it, yet I needed more. I felt that cock in my mouth, and knew I wanted it in my ass. I couldn't wait any more. I stood up and went to the drawer by the bed. From the drawer, I pulled a condom and some lube. I tossed them next to the hard-bodied guy on my bed. I smiled and just bent over the end of the bed... and waited. I closed my eyes in anticipation. I felt him get up. A shock went through my body as I felt his hand caress it. I heard the soft rip of the condom package open, the tight rippling sound of him putting it on, and shortly after the squirting sound of the lube being applied.

My breath was short... I wanted it. I felt him press his cock up against my ass. While I did what I could to relax the opening, it still hurt so much going in. He slid it in slowly, pressing my hips against the end of the bed. I did what I could to not give away the pain, but it hurt. He started humping me, and it went from pain to extreme pleasure.

He screwed me like this for a minute or two. Then he pulled out and asked me to get on my back. I laid down on the end of the bed, picked my legs up, and held them up close to my chest with my hands. This time, as he entered, I knew this was a MUCH better position. He slid in much easier, and the pain was much less. Not to mention, I could look at his chest and body as he fucked me. This time, he didn't hold back. He fucked me hard. We did it so long that I had lost my hard-on: the pleasure in my ass the only thing that mattered.

Then he reached down and started stroking me while he was fucking my ass. I'll say this. I've had many different sexual experiences in my marriage, but that short time while he was fucking me and stroking me had to be the most amazing feeling I've ever felt. I wanted it to last, but my ass was getting worn out quick. 

I asked him to pull out. He did and laid down on the bed. Now, I got to experience my last fantasy for the night. I pulled the condom off of him, got more lube out of the bottle, and started stroking him. The fantasy of feeling a hard cock in my hand wasn't disappointed. It was great, especially with his length. My hand had lots of room to travel and enjoy every inch of his hard cock. 

He whispered lightly, breathily: "I'm about to cum." I didn't change my stroke at all, but just waited until he got there. His cum poured out of his cock, spreading all over my hand and down his balls. As he was finishing, he reached out and grabbed my dick. 

While he laid there, breathing deeply he stroked me. Though he was losing his erection quickly, he stroked. A minute or two later, I came on his chest. After all this anticipation, it was a big one. It shot all the way across his chest for the first two shots, then a ran and deposited quite a bit under my cock. 

He quickly got dressed and left. I never learned his name, and didn't want to know it. The whole experience was amazing. I had fulfilled what I wanted. I'll probably never be with another guy again. I'm self-aware enough to know that I really am not attracted to guys. I just wanted to experience it. It was worth it. I'll carry that memory forever.