 This story is a continuation of two previous ones about Mike and his best friend Adam. Both are married, committed to their wives and families, and yet unfulfilled in a fundamental way. These friends shared much together over the last few years, including sports, work ventures, and a yearly family vacation to Montana. Their relationship changed when Adam could no longer hold back his physical attraction to Mike. Adam had plainly told Mike of this attraction and of his desire for strong, manly sex, no sissy fag, co-dependent crap. Initially shocked, Mike succumbed to Adam's direct appeal. They ended up having two rounds of hot sex in Adam's family room on a hot summer morning. Sexually sated for the moment, the friends hit the links for a round of golf, a regular event for them. All stories in this series are copyrighted and protected.

Adam and I showered and headed for the country club. We arrived in time for a quick lunch, then headed for the practice area. As we hit several practice balls on the putting green waiting for the starter to call our names, we talked casually about a solicitation from an industrial firm that needed a specific piece of machinery designed for them. We had collaborated on an earlier project that had proved quite lucrative for us both and the patent royalties enabled us to enjoy some of the nicer things in life, like this country club membership. 

The job would entail intermittent out of town research and development time over the course of several months just down the road in Syracuse. We discussed the pros and cons and decided that we were very much in favor of the opportunity, which would give us a real chance to market our combined skills, make some serious money, and perhaps even lead to more patents. We also decided to let our wives have at least some input as this extra commitment would affect our families.

The starter let us know we had about five minutes before teeing off. We did some stretching exercises, then moved to the first tee. The starter here was good. He always waited until the group ahead was off the first green before he allowed the next group to tee off. The two guys ahead of us were scratch golfers and so they moved right along. The foursome behind us was a group of retired guys so we knew they would not be pushing us all the way. This had all the makings of nice relaxing round of golf.


Adam hit his tee shot straight down the middle of the fairway, and I matched it in length and a little to the left. We were a good match at sports as we both had natural ability that enabled us to play at a higher than average level. Once out of earshot of the first tee, our conversation turned to the events of the morning.

"I swear, Adam," I began, "you could have knocked me over with a feather when you first laid it all out for me. You had this look in your eyes I had never seen from you before and it completely baffled me. We had shared so much together and I could read you pretty good most of the time. Then just before you actually said what was on your mind, I realized what that look meant."

"Come on, Mike. Who are you kidding?" Adam laughed. "You're hot and you know it. Surely you have picked up on the looks you get when you walk into a room...and not just from the ladies, either." Adam was loving this! I guess he was right. I know I am no movie star but I am not butt ugly either: six foot two with a trim physique, black hair, bright blue eyes, good posture, an easy smile, and confident. 

My parents tried to instill in me that it was what I was on the inside that was really important and that my character is revealed in how I treat others. I tried to develop both of those traits growing up. But Adam was right, every so often I would notice heads turning when I came into a room, but I always took it for granted that people were looking at someone else who had come into the room at the same time. 

"Look who's talking, buddy," I chuckled. "You get your fair share of looks, too....and from a good number of men, too!" Adam was maybe an inch taller than me and with a more muscular body, wavy brown hair, piercing hazel eyes, a serious demeanor and the easy gait of a gifted and confident man. "Remember that day I dropped off some of the technical material on that last project? That grad student in your office couldn't keep his eyes off you! Even I could tell he was stripping you naked with his eyes. Don't tell me you didn't notice, buddy."

Adam had to smile. "Well, okay, I did notice...and actually the guy came on to me pretty heavy. He said he was engaged to a real sweet girl who he really loved but said to me, 'Professor, I gotta tell you, you ooze sexual energy and I am turned on just being in the same room with you. Can I feel your cock?' He actually said that to me. I simply shrugged and told him that I can often be found doing laps in the school pool at 5 AM on class days and have to use the shower there. I waited for over a week before I went for an early swim. Sure enough, he was there doing laps."

There is never a dull moment with Adam around! I had never heard this story before. He was certainly not obligated to tell me everything that he did but I would have thought that this juicy story could have been shared before now, especially after I told him about my experience with jock-boy.

Adam continued: "I just nodded to him and did my laps. When I was done, he was already in the locker room, which was deserted at that time of day. I took my towel to the showers and he followed me in. I heard him gasp when he first saw my cock. I just soaped up like I normally do and I could hear his heavy breathing over the noise of the showers. I began to stroke my cock from the base out, kind of like what you did to me earlier, you rapist." 

"Bullshit, pal. You know as well as I do you can't rape a willing person. You tried it yourself, remember?" I had to laugh. It was always fun to banter with Adam. "So tell the story already. The suspense is killing me."

"Next thing I know this guy is coming over toward me. I have my head back under the spray, facing away from the wall, eyes closed, just letting the water run down my body. He starts running his hands over my soapy torso. I step ahead a little so the water doesn't rinse away all the soap. He reaches for my groin and starts fondling my balls and then reaches up and takes my cock in his hand. This is the first time since I was a puberty boy that another guy has touched my cock. It felt really good, as you well know."

"It was okay." Adam shot me a questioning glance, only to see me smiling and laughing. "Keep going, pal. We only have eighteen holes to play."

"So he starts stroking me and I can tell he's never touched an uncut cock before. He is completely mesmerized by the foreskin and the deep purple of my cock head. I open my eyes to see him staring at my cock as he is stroking it with his left hand. His right hand is now stroking his own cock, which is cut and thick, but not as thick as your phone pole. His cock is pretty long, probably nine inches or so but still not as long as mine. But basically this guy is hung and he's a stud, too, I can tell."

"And you would know this how? Since when did my mechanical engineer best friend become an expert on studs? Come on, tell the story."

"As I was trying to say, I can tell this guy is a stud because he is stroking both his cock and mine and while he is obviously quite turned on, he is very much under control. I can see determination in his eyes as he licks his lips without a trace of guilt. I lean back so the water is running down my front and rinsing off all the soap. This guy splashes the water around to make sure my cock is completely rinsed. I move forward again so the water is running down my back. He looks up at me with that same hunger I saw in your eyes a couple of hours ago."

"A hunger no doubt transferred from you, buddy" I smiled. "Keep going."

"So I said to him, 'You're the one who wanted to feel my cock. Now my cock wants to feel you. What are you waiting for?' So down he goes on his knees and starts taking me in. I can tell he's done this part before, even if it is the first uncut cock he's ever had. He gags several times before he gets my entire cock down his throat. I had sex with my wife the night before so I knew I would not be long before giving him what he really wanted."

I nodded in sympathy. "Let me guess: You noted the home sex on the calendar as an important event to remember, right?"

Adam chuckled, "Actually, I did make a notation in my day timer. So this guy is sucking me for all he's worth. He's real good but not a pro like someone I know. I grab his head and piston him up and down on my cock. He struggles free and says, 'Wait, don't cum quite yet.' He stands up and points his dick right at the end of mine. He reaches down at the base of my cock and pulls all the way up to the tip and pulls my extra foreskin onto the head of his cock. The he strokes down his cock, back up, then down mine, and back up again, then down his, you get the picture. 'It's called docking,' he says, 'and it gives me the opportunity, however brief, to see what foreskin feels like on my cut cock. It's great, man.'

" 'Well, good,' I say, 'let's get back to the other thing called a blow job, which feels great, too.' 'Don't worry,' he says, 'I'll do you just fine. First, take this...' and with that he starts shooting his hot jizz all over my cock and balls and what a load he shoots! So I start fisting my cock, using his cum as a lube. He keeps stroking and shooting but pretty quick he's shooting blanks so I put my hand on his shoulder and start pushing him down. 'Now you get to suck me and you get a taste of your own cum, too. I have a feeling that's what you wanted anyway. Now suck me!'

"You are so demanding at times, Adam. And....?"

"This guy gets down on his knees and starts sucking my cock like his academic life depends on it. Pretty soon I grab his head and pump it savagely up and down my cock. This is what he really wanted because he starts whimpering and stroking himself again, timing his strokes to mine. He starts flicking his tongue on the underside of my head and that puts me over the edge and I start emptying my balls down his throat. He is gagging and I can see tears in his eyes as I force my cock all the way down his throat. Then I feel some warm splatters against my leg and I know he came again. I finish pumping and let him lick me clean. 'You are one hot motherfucker stud,' he says to me. 'And you are one prince of pecker loving stud, yourself,' I reply. 

"You've always been big on compliments. Nice one, I might add." I loved shooting the shit with Adam.

"So after he cleans me up and both of our cocks soften up, we finish our shower. Then he says, 'Now that your foreskin is really hanging down, can we do that docking thing again for a few minutes?' It was still pretty early and the place was deserted so I said, 'Sure, let's go back to the locker room and dry off. We'll do it there.'

"We go back to the locker room. He brings his stuff over in my vicinity and then comes over to me. This guy is hard again by this time and comes right over to me and gets a firm grip on my cock. I am at half mast now so there's plenty of foreskin for him. He picks up my cock and pulls my foreskin over the top of his cock. He looks me in the eyes and says, 'You are one hot man, professor. I never imagined I would be able to feel this sensation. I really appreciate this particular experience.' 

"Meanwhile, here we have this skin tunnel from my cock to his and I can feel the heat radiating from his cock over to mine. This really is pretty hot, I think to myself. And my own cock is back to full mast at this point and oozing plenty of pre-cum, again. I stroke some onto his cock and rub it in down the full length of his cock. This poor guy can hardly breathe, he is so mesmerized by what's happening. I keep my eyes locked on his as I stroke him with a hard grip." Adam was enjoying retelling this story to me and I could see the growing outline of his cock in his shorts.

"He starts oozing pre-cum himself and reaches over and starts stroking my cock. Here we are standing face to face, stroking each other off. It was hot, buddy, I'm telling you. Well, I wasn't long for this trip and I started talking filthy to him and he kept pumping me harder and harder and squeezing my cock really hard. 'No shit, here it comes again...' I say to him. Before I have a chance to do anything, he drops down on the bench and pulls my cock into his mouth just as I start shooting my load. This time he just plants his lips on my cock and sucks and swirls his tongue all around. I don't shoot much so he has no trouble taking it all."

Adam finished the story. "Then he says, 'My turn to cum...you want a taste or not?' 'No but I'll stroke you the rest of the way...come here.' So he stands up and I open an empty locker and start fisting his cock. It felt good to stroke him and then he says, 'Fucking wow, here it comes...oh, man!' He proceeds to shoot his load into the locker while I keep stroking him till he tells me to stop. He got several globs of cum on my hand so I reached my hand over to him and he licked it all off. Then he looks up at me with this look of satisfaction and says, 'Thanks for a great time, professor. You are just as hot as I thought you would be.'

"The guy was decent enough and the sex was pretty good. I will admit, however, that it lacked the intensity that comes from a close friendship." With that, Adam looked at me again with that same longing he had earlier, but this look also included some appreciation of what our friendship meant to him. I hoped my return look expressed the same appreciation.

During all this time, we had played the first hole, each getting a bogey. Our tee shots on the second were both on the par 3 green. I rolled my putt in for a birdie, with Adam settling for a par. We played pretty evenly over the next couple of holes while we talked some more. 

Adam's sharing of his adventure made me realize that it was time for me to confess something to him. It was a day of firsts, to be sure. I was anxious to see Adam's reaction to my next train of thought.

TO BE CONTINUED