 As a young lad at school I had watched others masturbating from time to time, but until I was in my early twenties I hadn't really thought about gay sex. 

It was in my first job, fresh from university, that the subject became a real personal experience.

I had got a lowly paid position in a firm of accountants, and after a couple of months my manager, David, told me that there was a course for new trainees coming up, and that I was expected to attend the three day residential, along with him, Andy, another trainee, and his manager, Tony.

It seemed a good opportunity to add something to my CV, and possibly help get promotion. 

I had an inkling that David was gay, from the way he interacted with others, and especially with Tony, although Tony was in fact married.

Both men were in their forties, and both athletes, who used the gym a lot. I got chatting to Andy, and realised that he was gay too. For the first time I felt a slight trepidation going on this course with two, possibly three gay men.

We arrived in the evening of the Tuesday and checked into our rooms. David and Tony were sharing a room and I was sharing with Andy. It was single beds, and after unpacking we all met up in the bar before dinner.

The evening went quickly, the meal was good, and all of us retired once more to the bar. To anyone else we were just four guys having a good time. 

At about 10.30pm and rather the worse for wear I told the others I was going up to my room. It was met with derision, and name calling, but I was 'hammered.'

I got undressed, and once in bed I was soon asleep.

I remember half waking, and being aware of voices, or at least muffled noises. I lay still, pretending to be sleeping, and from half under the bedsheets tried to comprehend what the noises were. I quickly realised it was Andy with someone else in his bed. 

I was fully awake when I clearly heard Andy's stifled orgasm. He had definitely 'cum' and a couple of moments later I heard someone let themselves out of the room. To my surprise I felt my cock stiff beneath the sheets, I'd been aroused by this brief episode.

"Are you awake, Ed?" Andy's voice whispered in the darkness.

"Yeah, you ok?" I replied. 

"Sorry if you heard that, I couldn't really say no to David."

I sat up and turned on the light. Andy was sitting, naked, and I could see his cock, still semi hard and seeping semen.

"Andy, I guessed you were gay, and David too, but did he force you?" I looked concerned.

"No, I invited him in when I saw you asleep, it didn't last long, just a blow job."

"Well as long as you're ok, let's get some sleep."

As I turned over, Andy added, "Oh you probably need to know, David thinks you're lovely."

"Oh my god," was all I said, and I nodded off again.

In the morning I awoke with an almighty headache, but after a shower I was ready for the day ahead. 

At breakfast both David and Tony were on top form, laughing and joking how 'lightweight' we youngsters were. One innuendo I noticed was David's remark about Andy 'standing up' better than me. He added, "We'll see if Ed can take it tonight."

I wasn't quite sure what that meant, but oddly, I felt a tingle all over.

The day was concentrated, corporate stuff, and I was glad when we finished, and met for dinner. Afterwards, in the bar, the drinking games began.

By ten o'clock I was half cut again. David suggested we all go back to his room as he'd brought some Irish whiskey with him. The room he shared with Tony was more like a suite. Two interconnecting bedrooms, two double beds, and with two en suites.

Somehow in my stupor, I became aware of some porn playing on the tv, and being given a large glass of whiskey. Andy must have had more drink than me because he staggered into Tony's room and collapsed on the bed.

And then my evening turned sexual.

I was aware of half lying on the bed propped up on pillows, and David spread across the bed watching what was now gay porn on the tv. I was starting to nod off when I felt David's hand on my thigh. At first I ignored it, but when he slid his fingers upwards I moved my body to one side. His hand continued stroking my thigh, and, awkwardly, I felt my cock harden.

When he squeezed my crotch and felt it, the game was up.

"Ed, that feels like some package," he said quietly.

I shifted awkwardly, but David pulled himself up the bed much closer to me. Tony sat in an armchair, half watching the porn, and half watching David and me.

I was drunk, I was aroused, I was excited by the novelty of it all. I didn't object, I wasn't sure why.

I watched, hypnotised, as David unzipped me. My cock grew harder, as he freed it from my boxers. 

"Mmmmmmmm, delicious," was all that David said, before he took me into his mouth.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," was my response.

As David sucked me, he began to undress. It revealed his muscular body and a thick, circumcised cock. As he continued my blowjob, Tony stood up and started to undress too. My eyes were drawn to his cock, longer and thinner than David's, and with an oversized foreskin.

"Let's get you naked," David said, as he stopped sucking, and both of them undressed me.

By now my cock was rigid, but it was my turn to suck David and Tony. I'd never done this before, and when David forced my head down I gagged, and almost threw up. 

My head was still spinning when I felt Tony's face between the cheeks of my ass. His tongue began to lick my fundament. It felt incredible, and even though I was being pushed onto David's cock, my ass was in heaven.

Briefly Tony stopped, and I heard him pick up something from the bedside table. I knew immediately where this was going when his fingers spread the cold lube onto, and into my ass. My whole body tensed, and I tried to raise my head. 

David pushed me back onto his cock, and held my arms against the bed. Kneeling, my legs were spread, and Tony's fingers started to work their way into my hole. I decided that I would try to relax, and it was probably a wise move.

My ass was tight, but Tony had two fingers inside me, and his other hand went under my crotch, and started to wank my cock. 

"Fuck the bitch," I heard David's curt instruction to Tony.

He needed no further encouragement. I felt the tip of his cock pushing inwards. Gently at first, and the head slipped in. 

"Aghhhh," was the only sound I could make with my mouth full of cock.

"Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Tony's cock slid all the way in.

David let me pull my mouth away. "Fuck the ass off him," he added.

Tony started slowly at first, but was soon pounding his cock in and out. 

"Oh my fucking god," I gasped. "Ouuuuuch, bloody hell," I shouted as Tony smacked my ass, hard. 

I must have shouted loud enough to wake Andy, because he was standing at the end of the bed. 

"C'mon, my turn," said David, as Tony withdrew from my ass, and moved aside. 

"Oh god, slowly oh my god, slowly," I shouted as David shoved his cock into me.

"Shut up bitch," was his reply, followed by, "Get your kit off," directed towards Andy. 

Andy stripped off and David told me to suck his cock. Andy knelt on the bed and I went down on him. David's thicker cock had opened me up even more and his thighs slapped against my buttocks.

Andy was moaning, I was surprised he didn't show much resistance, and I was suddenly feeling his cock swell and he was pumping spunk into my mouth. Grunting he went on and on, the creamy liquid spilling down my cheeks.

Both David and Tony were laughing as David's thrusting continued. They swapped places twice more while Andy watched on.

Tony was the first to cum. I knew he was close as he slowed his movements, and with a primal grunt, I felt his cock throb, and a warm sensation inside me. As he grunted again, his cock kept jerking until David pulled him aside. Tony made me suck his seeping cock as David slid into me for the fourth time. He came quickly, and as he thrust his seed into me I could feel semen running down my inner thighs.

As he pulled out I was made to clean his cock with my mouth, and Andy was made to lick the cum dribbling from my ass. When he'd finished that job I was laid on my back and Andy was told to bring me off with his mouth. I kept thinking how bizarre the whole situation had been and how I had unexpectedly enjoyed it. 

Andy was working hard, and when I finally came the floodgates open, I kept pumping spunk into his mouth, until we both finally relaxed. The evening was at an end and we returned to our room totally exhausted. I had had a taste of something that gave me an appetite for more.