 This is a continuation of my earlier story, but it is good as a stand alone story too.

Two weeks had passed since my first Glory hole blowjob. Here I was, an All-American, corn-fed white boy in my first year of college, and two weeks ago I sucked a big fat cock through a hole in the wall at an adult bookstore video arcade. I had let another man shoot his cum load right in my mouth. Needless to say, I was doing a lot of thinking and soul searching about the whole thing. Was I A fag??? I still liked women, and I still jerked off to dirty, heterosexual, magazines, but now I was having a lot of fantasies about men too. Well, I had had fantasies about men for a long time too, but I had sucked a dick... I just didn't know what to think.

The one thing I knew for sure was that I had sucked cock, and liked it. And, I wanted to do it again. I fought with myself for two weeks, struggling with the decision of whether I would go back and do it again. You guys all know how that worked out.

So, I drove over to the adult bookstore, parked in the back of the lot and went into the building. It was a squat, dirty, cinderblock structure tucked in between an Office building and a vacant lot, across the street from a McDonald's. I walked in and saw that nothing had changed since my last visit. The walls were still covered with white painted pegboard, from which hung every kind of dildo, sex doll, gag gift and fuck book you can imagine. Straight, gay, tranny, swingers, they had them all. The smell of cigarette smoke was strong in the air. Behind the counter was an older guy wearing a pair of dirty jeans and a flannel shirt leaning on crutches. When I looked closer, I realized that he was missing a leg. The left leg of his pants was pinned up, so it wouldn't drag on the floor I guess. The other guy was the young clerk who had been working last time I was here. He was about my age maybe a couple years older than me, but no older than 25. He was wearing a pair of khaki pants, and a pullover "rugby" type shirt with wide alternating horizontal stripes of blue and green. He had medium length blond hair nestled under a backwards baseball cap, and beautiful piercing grey eyes. He had the perfect "preppie" frat boy look that was so popular in the mid 90's. He stood out in my mind because he knew that I had sucked cock on my last visit.

I wandered about the store for a few minutes, pretending to browse through the merchandise while I worked up the courage to go back to the peepshow booths. Finally, I went to the counter and got 5 dollars in change from the one legged guy who never even paused in his conversation with the frat-guy, and headed back to the hallway full of quarter operated movie booths. As I walked to the same one I sat in last time, the one at the very end of the hall, I noticed that none of the other booths were occupied. I walked into the booth, closed the door and sat down on the cheap plastic chair, dropped in a few quarters and set the channel to a gay group sex scene. I sat there for a few minutes and watched the movie. As I relaxed in the surprisingly comfortable chain, I began to stroke my cock through my jogging pants. I was merely rubbing myself through the silky nylon fabric, making my cock nice and hard. I was beginning to consign myself to the fact that I was probably not going to see anyone else today, and was just going to jerk myself off when the door opened and closed on the booth immediately next to mine. I leaned forward to peek through the glory hole into the still dark booth next door. I then heard the sound of quarters dropping and the TV screen blazed to life illuminating the booth, revealing a pair of khaki pants and a blue/green striped rugby shirt. WOW!! It was the hot young clerk. He sat down and surfed through the channels until he found what he wanted to watch, than began rubbing his own crotch. I continued watching through the glory hole. He rubbed his dick until it was nice and hard, then he unzipped his pants and pushed them down to his ankles revealing a big, fat, uncircumcised cock and a nice set of low hanging balls, nestled under a patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair. He then started stroking his dick slowly, kinda waving it at the glory hole and my eye. It was probably 7 or 8 inches long, and as he stroked it the foreskin peeled back allowing the head to peek out on every down-stroke. I stood up and pushed my own pants down letting my own raging hard on spring out. I looked down to see a finger trace a circle slowly around the edge of the glory hole. 

I leaned forward and he said "lemme suck your cock, man". I stuck my cock through the glory hole and felt his soft hands grasp my dick and slowly stroke it. Then felt the moist warmth of his mouth as he sucked me in. He held the head in his mouth and swirled his tongue around the tip of my cock, then he began to suck me, bobbing his head up and down. I could already feel the cum building in my balls and before I could help it, I began blasting my hot load right into his mouth. My first (received) glory hole blowjob lasted under a minute! As I grunted and moaned and blasted my jizz in his mouth, I could feel his tongue pulse as he swallowed down every drop. I then felt the suction increase and his tongue swirled once more around my dick as he released it from his mouth, sucking the last of the cum off. I pulled it back into my own booth and wiped it clean with a paper towel. 

As I leaned forward to pull up my pants, his cock appeared in the glory hole beside me, jutting into my booth in all it's 8" inch glory. It was even bigger than I thought. Easily 8 inches long and probably 2 inches wide. The foreskin covered the head, even fully erect like that. It was slightly curved upward at the tip. I looked at it and thought to myself "well, fair is fair", and I sat down, leaned forward and grasped his cock with my right hand. The feel of it was amazing. Even now I marvel at the soft/hard feel of another man's erection in my hand. He was VERY hard. I slowly fondled his cock, stroking it slowly and just reveling in it's manly hardness. I peeled the foreskin back and saw that his cockhead was a large bulbous knob fused to the end of his shaft in perfect symmetrical harmony. It was a dark, fleshy pink color and it looked delicious. I leaned forward, opened my mouth wide and took as much cock into my face as I could. I held him like that while I worked up saliva and coated his cock to make it slick. I then began slowly bobbing my mouth up and down the top half of his cock while I held the rest of the shaft in my hand. I also noticed that I was getting hard again. God, sucking cock turned (still turns) me on. I sucked him like that for a few moments then I released his cock from my hand and mouth and spat into my hand getting it wet. Then I sucked his big crank back into my dick-sucking mouth and grabbed his shaft with my now wet hand. I began to face fuck him, taking as much cock as I could in my moist steamy mouth, while I stroking my slick hand up and down on the rest of his shaft.

This continued for a short while when, without warning, I began to feel his cock pulse in my mouth and I could taste his salty load on the back of my tongue. I could hear his heavy breathing and a light grunting noise while I sucked out the last of his load. I kept on sucking his cock until he pulled it out of my mouth and back into his own booth. I heard him tear off a paper towel and clean up, and I straightened myself out, tucking my now hard-again dick into my pants. I sat down to wait for my hard on to go down and he left the booth.

When I was presentable again, I too left the booth and headed out to the parking lot. There leaning on his car was the guy I just blew. He waived at me and walked over. We made a small conversation, and he then said that he had enjoyed "it" and wanted to get together sometime and do it again, next time without a wall between us, but that is another story.