 I never went to a gloryhole. I don't know if there are any around here. Since the idea is sucking a cock anonymously, gloryholes must have been invented for guys like me. All we are interested in is a cock, not a romance with another man.

I put an ad on an online hookup site, asking for married men whose wife didn't suck. I soon learned that there are a lot married guys out there actually looking for some raw, no-strings-attached sex. I answered most of the replies that came in, and made arrangements for "hooking up."

Finally, after a lot of waiting for guys who didn't show up, one did. 

He pulled into my drive in his pickup truck. We went into the house and sat in the living room and chatted (we were both nervous). He was 52 years old, tall and slender and clean-cut looking and said he was married with three grown kids and two grand kids. I believed him. He looked married. His wife had lost interest in sex and he was interested in doing something with a man. We went into the bedroom and got naked and he got in bed while I put on some porn.

He was already hard and lightly stroking when I got into bed with him. I was hard too. We lay there waiting for each other to make the first move.

I reached over to his cock and he moved his hand to let me have it. He was about 6 inches, wide at the head and tapering down a little to the patch of pubic hair at the base. He had a nice cock.

I played with his cock for a minute and moved over between his legs. I lowered my head and put my mouth on the head of his cock. He gasped as soon as my lips touched him. I sucked his cock and played with his balls for a minute or so. Then I moved down and sniffed around in his pubic hair. He had a faint man scent, which I loved. I guessed his last shower was maybe a couple of hours before he arrived.

When I sucked his balls he moaned a little. Then I moved to licking behind his balls and then around to his ass. He rolled back with his legs in the air to make it easier for me to lick him back there.

The guy looked clean and he was. He smelled good, so I had no problem licking his hole. No taste there, good or bad. He had his legs high in the air while I tongued his hole. He seemed to really enjoy it. I wet a finger and slipped it into his ass. Another moan.

I had him get on his hands and knees. I licked his ass a little more, then the part between his asshole and his balls. The position he was in allowed me to bend his cock back so I could suck from behind. I licked from his asshole to the tip of his cock. Both our cocks were rock hard. I got a couple of tastes of his precum while I sucked him from behind. (I've read accounts of how precum tastes salty. It doesn't. It has it's own taste that makes you think, "salty," if that makes any sense.) 

I played with his ass hole again. It was exciting watching my finger go into his hole. When I had two lubed fingers in his ass, I asked if he wanted me to fuck him. He was all for that!

I put on a rubber and mounted him. It had been a number of years since I had my cock in an asshole and that was with a woman. I hadn't forgotten how to do it. His ass hole felt so good gripping my cock that I wanted to last forever. But I only lasted probably less than two minutes before I shot a pretty heavy load. I pulled the rubber off my cock and held it up so we could both see the load of my cum in it. We grinned at each other like two bad kids who just set off a pack of firecrackers in church.

But he still hadn't got off, so with him on his back and me between his legs, I started blowing him again while I had my finger deep in his ass. He lasted for a good long while. 

When he started to cum, I tasted his first drops on my tongue and his ass hole squeezed around my finger. Then I could actually feel his cum hitting my tongue. With each shot his hips arched up a little higher and his ass hole squeezed my finger a little tighter. He was making squealing-mewling sounds. His cum tasted--it's hard to describe--but there was a certain pleasant "tangy" taste. The thing that stays with me is the force with which his cum hit my tongue. I swallowed all of it and kept licking and sucking his cock until it was completely deflated.

We got dressed, made some small talk. If somebody had walked in at that point, they would never had guessed that I had just fucked and sucked this guy. As he went back to his truck, he asked if he could come back and do it again. Naturally, I said, "Sure."

He did send an email a week or so later asking if he could come over. I replied and told him anytime. But he never showed up. Just as well. I'm really in the mood for pussy now. Maybe I'll call my ex-wife.