 Let me set the scene for you. It was the end of my first semester sophomore year in college. I had been dating the same girl since mid-way through our freshman year. Things were going well, we were both happy. We were getting ready to head back home for winter break as the college emptied out. Our plan was that she was going to come stay with me for a couple of days since my parents were out of town. We left school and drove the 3 or so hours it took to get to my house. We got there and hung out for our couple of days until it was time for her to head home to see her family. I would still have 3 more days before mine got home. We hoped in the car and drove to the bus station. It was about an hours drive away. Of course when you are saying goodbye it always feels longer. We got to the bus stop and said our goodbyes, we would not see each other for about 3 weeks now until we were back at school. She hopped on the bus and I got back in my car.

I was about 10 minutes away from the bus stop when I started feeling really horny. We had been having sex for the last couple days so why was it so bad now. All I wanted to do is Jerk Off. I knew that on my way home I would pass by an adult book store. At the young age of 19, I had never been in one before. This was about to be my first time. I had heard about them and what you could get there but never seen the inside of one. I had driven by my fair share of times though. I thought maybe I could stop there and get one of though rubber pussy toys to hold me over for the couple of weeks. A friend had had one and said they felt amazing. 

I drove for about another 30 minutes before getting to the store, by now I was hornier than ever. I just wanted to cum already, my mind was only thinking about using the new toy I was going to buy. 

I pulled into the parking lot and suddenly got nervous, what if someone saw me, what if I saw someone that I know. I sat for a minute letting my nerves settle. Finally after a couple of minutes in the car I worked up the courage to walk into the store. Once inside I relaxed a bit when I didn't see anybody else in the store besides the clerk. He asked for my ID. I showed him that I was over 18. I didn't know where to look first, my eyes wandered everywhere. There were so many toys and movies and everything all over the place. I decided that I would walk around the store and check out everything. I just felt so overwhelmed at first not having seen these kinds of things before in an actual store. I found my self wandering into the movie section in the back filled with DVD's in was in the back left of the store. I thought maybe some good porn would help too. I started looking at the titles looking for things that interested me. Blowjobs and Facials were and still are my favorite. I looked around a bit for that section and I found it in a few moments in the corner of the store.

I walked over and I noticed that next to the aisle there was a walk way leading to another area of the store, I could hear something down there and I could see some faint lights illuminating the hall as it opened at the end. It sounded like someone was watching porn back there. my curiosity got the best of me as I wandered back to see what it was. Sure enough it was an area full of booths where you could watch porn. Again I had heard of these but never seen them for myself. It seemed amazing and perfect for me at that moment needing to jerk off so badly. I decided to explore some more. I saw an open booth and decided to walk into it. there was a screen up showing dollar amounts and a length of time next to them. it said 5$ for 10 minutes. I thought sure that should be plenty of time. I opened my wallet and noticed that I only had a $10. Too embarrassed to go ask the clerk for change I decided 20 minutes was what I would get. 

I locked the door behind me as I put my money in. the lights went dim in my little booth as the screen changed to a girl being gang banged by 4 guys. I flipped through the channels looking for something I would like. Finally I found a girl that was giving head and showing a bunch of cumshots. My favorite I thought. I left it on this channel. After finding a movie to watch I noticed that there was a fold down bench in the booth to sit on. I figured that I might as well get comfy. I put the bench down and set down as I could feel my dick getting hard in my pants. I undid my jeans and pulled them and my underwear down a little to reveal my now throbbing hard cock. I sat there enjoying the movie for a few minutes and rubbing my cock to build my load up and make my orgasm feel even better. I loved to make myself wait so I could shoot a nice big load. 

While rubbing I noticed a little plastic door on the side of my booth, I thought maybe it would be tissues or something so I popped it open. Could I have been more wrong. My eyes lit up, my heart started racing. I had found my first glory hole. What felt like almost instantly after the door opened I saw a man bend down on the other side and peek through. The thought of another person watching me was turning me on. What was I thinking I had never had a thought like that before. I knew what happened at these but didn't think I would ever be at one myself. The man sat watching me for a moment until he stuck his fingers through the hole. I didn't know what that meant at the time.(I do now). 

I sat motionless, not knowing what to do. He did it again. Again I sat not knowing what to do. Finally a third time his fingers came through only this time he reached out for my cock while I was stroking it and grabbed it. The excitement ran through my body. A complete stranger was grabbing my cock and starting to stroke it. He let go and with his fingers gave a come hither motion towards the hole. Without thinking I followed his motion and moved my dick to the hole. I don't know what came over me. I wasn't gay, but I knew this was a guy on the other side of the hole. I stuck my cock through the hole and not a second later his warm wet mouth was wrapped around it. My body quivered. Wow, he was sucking me off and it was the best blow job I had ever felt. Wow guys really do give the best head. I guess we all know what we want. I let the man suck me for a couple of minutes until I felt like I was going to cum, I pulled back to stop him and I fell back to the bench. 

My mind was going everywhere. What had just happened. Before I could even figure it out I saw his dick poke through the hole. It was huge I thought to myself. I was about 7" and decently thick but this was easy 2" longer than mine and just as thick. He wanted me to suck his dick too. I reached out with my hand and thought maybe I could just touch it and see how it feels. I moved closer and knelt on the ground so I could see it. I reached out and started stroking his cock in front of me. I wasn't in control of myself. Things were just happening at this point. Without thinking I leaned forward and opened my mouth and took his cock in. I was giving my first blow job. 

My eyes were shut and I kept going, trying to do to him everything that I knew I liked. I would take him deep in my mouth and then lick around with my tongue all over the base of his shaft. I eased my head back and took in just the first 2 or so inches and sucked and licked on the head of his cock. I was starting to get a taste of his precum dripping onto my tongue. It was so warm and salty. I had never tasted this before. I started bobbing my head back and forth giving him the best head that I could for my first time. I was stroking him with my other hand. it must have been a couple of minutes that had gone by and I could feel his cock getting tense, I knew what that meant, he was about to cum. Only he wasn't pulling back like I was. 

Then bam before I knew it he had stream after stream shooting into my mouth. I loved it. I kept on sucking until no more was shooting out. I hadn't swallowed yet, I had it all sitting on my tongue when he pulled out. I didn't know where to spit it out, there was no trash. I had to swallow. I took it all and swallowed. I didn't know what to do next, I was scared. I pulled my pants up and ran out of the store without buying anything and drove straight home. This was my first time at a glory hole but now at the age of 25 I can say it is by far not the last or only time I have been. I hope you enjoy.