 Hello. Mmmm, my first time m2m play...It was the summer I had just turned 18, and he was my older neighbor who lived behind my house with an alley between our garages. He was a "cool guy", a little taller than my 6' 1", good looking, fit but with a little extra padding. I guessed he was probably in his late 40's/early 50's, married with an ok looking wife. 

There weren't many kids, at least my age, in my neighborhood, so we chatted occasionally, about his job, my school, etc. I sometimes helped him with the odd job around his house, mowed his lawn on occasion. One day, after just having finished up that exact task, we were in his garage putting the mower away and he showed me some x-rated magazines. They were explicit, I mean I'd seen a Playboy or two before, but these were XXX. I thumbed through one, and he asked me if I liked them. I nodded my head, and he let me borrow a couple, on the condition I didn't get caught with them. 

A couple of days later, when I returned them, he asked me if I enjoyed them, and blushing, I said yes, I did very much. He smiled, and asked me if my dick had got hard and if I had played with myself. I admitted that it had and I did. He told me it was natural, and he liked to play with himself too, then asked if I wanted to watch a movie with him. I was nervous, but said yes! 

This was years before video tapes, so he had an 8mm projector, and we went out and he played one for us in his garage. As we watched it, I noticed he was rubbing his cock through his pants. He caught me looking and he smiled, then asked me if I was hard. I could only nod my head, and then he reached over and began to rub my young meat through my shorts. I was trembling, it felt soo good! 

He asked if it felt nice. I stuttered, 'very', then he asked me if I wanted to touch him, and although I was more than a little nervous, I knew I wanted to. I nodded and he took my hand and gently placed it on his bulge. I could feel his meat straining against the fabric of his pants. It was soo hard and it felt soo taboo, I almost came right then and there.

As I fondled him through his pants, he reached out and began to, more intentionally, caress my now throbbing member, groping and squeezing me. I watched in silence as he unzipped me shorts, pulling my teen cock out onto the open. He wrapped his fingers around me, and I whimpered as he began to slowly stroke me. A drop of precum beaded at the head of my now fully erect, young cock, and he began to rub it all over my helmet. 

He told me how nice my prick was, soo smooth, and continued to stroke me. He whispered huskily for me to take his out. My hands were shaking as I slipped my hand into his fly, then an almost electric jolt ran from my fingertips to my brain as I, for the first time touched a cock other than my own.

I pulled his fat daddy cock out held it. It was soo hot, and soo hard! I pulled my eyes from his impressive member, to look up into his face. He was smiling and gave me a slight nod. I began to stroke him, slowly at first, then as my lust built, eagerly began to pump his hard, hot pole. We fondled each other for a few more minutes, then he asked me if I wanted to go inside and, although I was shaking, I said yes! He said his wife wasn't home at that moment and I followed him into his bedroom.

He pulled his pants and underwear off, I did likewise. He led me to, and gently sat me on the edge of his bed, all while sensually jacking me off, edging me, his thick cock throbbing in front of me. As he jacked me off, his voice was so reassuring, he then asked me if I wanted to feel something even better. I could not speak, so I just nodded.

He bent over and slipped my young prick between his lips and began to suck me, gently slipping his lips up and down my length. It felt soo amazing I nearly came right then and there! He paused, lightly nibbled on this tip of my now raging erection. In a lust filled haze, my hands had sought out, and found his shaft, and as I stroked him, I heard him ask if I'd like to return the favor. He'd barely gotten the words from his mouth, when I eagerly said yes PLEASE!

He released my shaft, stood up in front of me, and as I leaned forward from the edge of his bed, he lifted his thick, heavy cock to my lips. I hesitated for a split second and he smiled, gently placed his hand on the back of my head and placed his throbbing cock head against my lips. I kissed it, in awe of it's size and heat. My tongue slipped from my lips, tasting him. I moaned again and licked his now leaking precum. It felt soo right as he gently, but firmly pulled my head onto him. My lips opened wider to accept his hot fuckstick into my face. 

He groaned, then called me his good boy (something that still drives me wild with lust to this day!!) and began to slide his dick deeper into my hungry mouth. I was trembling with young lust as this mature man fed me his shaft. In and out, I was in heaven as he ran his fingers through my hair while I sucked him, repeating what a good boy I was, and how good I was making him feel. One of my hands found his heavy sack, and I began to fondle his balls like it was second nature to me. He growled, and thrust just a bit harder, deeper into my face. 

After a few more minutes of my licking and sucking, he warned me he was about to cum. He pulled his meat from between my lips, I think I whimpered again as his thickness left me, and I watched and he fisted his prick, shiny from my saliva, until he threw his head back, and shot his load onto the bed next to me. He rumpled my hair, told me how well I'd done, and thanked me. I was awash with desire as he then rubbed his slowly deflating older cock against my younger one for a moment. It felt so wonderful, his meat on mine!

He pushed me back onto the mattress, then knelt down, wrapped his lips around me, and began to blow me until I was shaking like a leaf. His moustache tickled a bit. I felt my cum boiling in my nuts, and started to warn him that I was close. He looked up, our eyes locked for a second, then he just doubled his efforts. I almost screamed as I shot load after load into his mouth...he never missed a drop.

After he drained me, his tongue bathed my balls. When I finally calmed down, he caressed my inner thighs as we cooked down. He made me feel very good about our play, reassuring me. He said if I was ever interested in playing with "Daddy" again, to just let him know, and he'd like that very much as well. He then told me that his wife liked to play as well, and maybe we could all play together next time...but that's another tale. Hope you liked my true story. If you have any comments, or feelings about this story you'd like to share, maybe a scenario you'd like to describe to me, would be greatly...and enthusiastically appreciated!