 To start with this is a true story that happened to me about nineteen years ago. It is about my first and only bisexual encounter. This is the first time I have told this story, so I hope you enjoy it, and who knows maybe some one close to me will read it and be able to help me explore my bi-side a little further. 

I live if North Central Texas, and was on a business trip to South Florida, I had been away from my wife for about two week's. I decided to check out the local bar's, and have a few drinks, even try to pick up one of the local women.

I had just entered the second bar of the night, when I notice a young man looking at me. I first thought I might have strayed into a gay bar, but quickly noticed there were couples all around. When I went to pay for my second drink, the bartender told me it had already been taken care of by the man I had noticed earlier. I know I should have refused the drink, but I didn't. 

The young man came over and ask if he could set at my table. I said sure and thanked him for the drink. He introduced himself as Jim and I told him my name, but I made it clear I was here for the women and not a man. He apologized and left my table. 

I finished my drink, then checked out a few more bars, desperately hopping to find a date for the rest of the evening. I decided to call it a night, after unsuccessfully, trying to pick up a half dozen different women so I headed back to my motel room. 

I noticed an all night adult movie theater only a couple of miles from my room, and decided to check it out. By now I had began to think about Jim, and what might have happened if I had seen him at the last bar, instead of the second one. After having a few too many drinks, who knows. 

The first movie was almost over when I entered the theater. It was at the climatic big orgy seen, with several couples all finishing at about the same time. It showed a lesbian couple, which really got me horny. After the move had ended the lights came up, I could see four or five people in the theater. The next movie started, and to my surprise, it was a gay flick about a young man with the hots for a straight body builder. 

About 10 minutes into the movie, a large, muscular man sat next to me, and introduced himself as Dennis. He went on to tell me all about the move we were watching. He put his hand on my thigh, and started rubbing it like we were lovers or something. Ordinarily this would have pissed me off to no end, but with all the alcohol, and the earlier encounter with Jim, along with the gay flick, I just let him keep rubbing my leg. I did tell him however that I was straight, and that I had never been with a man, nor did I have any intentions of ever being with one. 

Dennis kept his hand on my leg, but stopped rubbing for a while. He told me he was bi-sexual and had been with a man a few times, but really enjoyed women most of the time. Probably about twenty to thirty minutes into the movie he started rubbing my leg again, and I found myself hoping he would move on up to my dick. 

The gay man on the screen was fantasizing about sucking off the body builder, and I was wondering my self what it might feel like to be with another man. At this time I just said to hell with it, and reached over and felt His huge dick. It was so big I started to leave right then, but instead I ask him if he wanted to get out of there and go to my room. 

He jokingly said, "I thought you were straight". 

I said, "I did to".

He followed me to the motel, and I wondered what the hell I was going to do when we got there. I even thought about trying to loose him in traffic, but I didn't. I don't know what had came over me, but all I could think of was getting his huge cock in my mouth. 

As soon as we walked in the room, I turned around and kissed him full on the mouth, just like I would a woman, only he was about six inches taller than I was, and had a five o'clock shadow. Our tongue's darted in and out of each others mouth. The thought of kissing another man to that point really made me sick, but that night I was so horny I just went with the flow, and Dennis was so much larger than I am, I actually felt feminine. 

We each got undressed as soon as we broke off the kiss. I was completely naked, and he still had on his underwear. I ask him if I could take them off for him. He said sure and stood by the bed. 

I knelt down in front of him and began sliding off his underwear. I remember seeing his huge, soft dick for the first time. It was so big, even soft it was much larger than mine. He was circumcised, and completely shaved. I took his thick cock in both of my hands, and started kissing, licking , and sucking on his purple head. He grew hard in no time. I can remember how wonderful it felt to be in control of another person, and the taste of his pre cum was kind of sweet. 

I thought to myself, this must be how it feels to be a woman. When she takes control of a man's penis for the first time. I took as much of his man hood in my mouth as I could, but he was way too big for a virgin cock sucker. When he was fully erect, he was about nine to nine and a half inches long, and so big around it made my jaw hurt. 

I can remember how hard his dick got, just before he shot his hot cum in my mouth for the first time. It went from being pretty hard, to felling like a piece of ridged still between my lip's. Since this was my first time to give a blow job, I didn't know he was about to cum, if I had I would have stopped sucking, and started jacking him off. however before I knew what was going on, he was spewing his thick cum in my mouth. 

I was surprised when I didn't try to spit it out. I just swallowed and swallowed, and he just kept cumming in my mouth. The taste of his cum wasn't any thing like the pre cum, it was hot, thick, and salty, but it didn't take long for me to get use to it.

When it was all over, I stood up, and he said " You missed a drop," then licked some cum off my chin. 

I must admit it felt pretty good giving my first blow job, and making him cum. 

We laid down in the bed and kissed and hugged each other. Dennis told me I gave a really good blow job, and that it couldn't have been my first time. 

I assured him it was, but it wouldn't be my last. He thought that was funny. 

He was able to suck my little seven inches down his throat, and gave me the most fantastic blow job of my life. No woman has ever been able to suck me off , but he had me cumming in no time. Dennis kissed me again, but this time he had a mouth full of cum. I wasn't expecting that, but it just made me that much hotter when I tasted my own cum. 

I couldn't wait to get his dick in my mouth again so I licked and kissed my way down between his legs again. This time he had me turn around in a sixty nine position with me on top. He explained how this would make it much easier to get more of him in my mouth. He also explained how to relax my throat muscles, along with how to breath through my nose, while I swallowed as much of his huge pole as I could. 

I was surprised, after he got past the gag reflex, he could pump in and out of my throat with ease. I did OK as long as he didn't come out too far and hit my reflex muscle with the head of his dick. He explained, that with enough practice, I could get over that as well. 

Sure enough it wasn't long before he spewed cum down my throat. This time I new it was coming and greedily swallowed every drop. I sucked, and licked all the cum from his limp dick, then started licking his balls. 

He asked me if I had ever fucked anyone in the ass. 

I said no. My wife wouldn't even talk about it. 

He told me how to lick and tongue his ass hole. After just a few minutes of this he begged me to fuck him. I expected him to stick his but in the air, but instead he turned over and pulled his knees up to his chest, just like a woman would. I easily slid my dick in his ass, and started to pump, first slow and easy, then faster and harder. He was moaning like a woman, and without even touching his dick he started cumming between us. This made me cum in his ass. 

After We licked each other clean, he explained how it felt to have your ass fucked. I knew what he wanted and promptly offered my little butt hole. 

It felt so good to have his hot breath on my ass, and then he started reaming me with his tongue. That in itself felt wonderful. We found some hand lotion, provide with the room, and he rubbed it on, and in my ass. He first used one finger nice and slow. I couldn't believe it, but I felt like I was going to cum, even though my little dick had shriveled up to nothing. He then used more lotion and added a second finger, and then a third one. I felt really uncomfortable and full. 

Dennis said this was natural, but it would pass. 

He was right soon I relaxed enough, and it felt great. Then for the big moment. He put a couple of pillows under my stomach, and lifted my ass as high in the air as we could get it. I felt his huge dick pressing against my tight ass hole. I knew he wanted to ram it home, but he didn't. 

Dennis was patient with me. He added more lubricant and fingered me some more, before he tried again. This time I felt like I was going to split open. He pushed the head through my opening, and just laid there. 

He asked me if I wanted him to stop, and I did, but instead pushed against him with my ass and made that monster slide in another inch or two. We laid there for a long time with out moving a muscle, when all of a sudden, I was over come with desire to please this man to the fullest. I started pushing my ass against him harder and harder until I felt his nuts against me. He started moving in and out in a really short and slow motion. I'm not sure how long he had his massive manhood in me, but it started to feel good. I mean really good. He was able to slid in and out with ease. 

I asked him to pull out and let me turn over, since this was my first time to take a man, I wanted to do it like a woman. 

He did as I asked, and added lots more lubricant. 

I pulled my knees up to my chest, and let this strange man fuck me like the slut I wanted to be that night. When I came it was like nothing I have ever experience before. I think I may have even blacked out for a while. The next thing I knew was he was cumming in my sore ass, and all I wanted was more. I can still remember the felling of his dick going limp, and having his cum running out of my ass, and on the sheets, when he pulled out.

I went to sleep with him still on top of me.

When I woke up the next morning he was still on top of me, and my ass never hurt so bad. 

He kissed me and said "good morning beautiful". 

I can't explain it, but the pain just left my ass and for a while I felt like a real woman. 

I think this man would have done any thing for me. We got up and he ran my bath water. While I was in the bath he washed my back, and ordered room service. 

Dennis made the hole experience feel so natural and wonderful. 

He made love to me several more times that morning , and I'm not sure how many loads of cum I swallowed, that night and the next morning., but it is an experience I'll never forget.

I love my wife and kids very much, but I really hated to leave Florida and come back to Texas.

My job changed soon after that trip, and I don't get the chance to travel any more, so I have never had the chance to relive the experience, but some day I hope to be able to please a man again. I only hope he is a lot smaller, so that maybe I can take him in the rear a little easier.