 This is my first story, please be a little kind. Since I'm new at this, I would appreciate any and all feedback. Please feel free to email me.

Warning, this is male on male erotica. 

*

I was worn out from a hard weeks work. At last my construction business was picking up, only I had some bills and didn't want to take on adding an employee. My first goal was to dig out of this hole then I would worry about expanding my business. So, that meant that I had to help pitch in and do some of the constructions. 

After a couples weeks of hard labor, heavy lifting, this and that, well my body wasn't ready for that type of torture. Guess you can say that I became soft being so focused on the business side of things that the heaviest thing I had to lift was a pen. My body defiantly was feeling the strain. I needed a massage to relieve the knots and kinks. However I had no idea where I could find a masseur in this small town. Sure we had Asian massage parlors but I think they are a front for prostitution, not sure why I feel that way. 

Anyway later that evening I was surfing the net looking when I came across an advertisement for a male masseur. I clicked on the link and was pleasantly surprised at how professional the office looked. Maybe this was the right solution for my needs? The next morning I contacted them and set up an appointment for the following day. I was still soar and needed relief. 

Finally the big day for my massage, boy was I ever ready. I haven't had a massage in ten years, how sad is that? Arriving on time, I walked into the spa. A nice looking administration person gave me a quick tour and asked me if I wanted to take a shower.

Course I said yes, as I just came from a job site. She led me to the shower room and handed me a clean towel and robe. I disrobe and took my shower. It felt nice, the how shower. Slowly I could feel the hot water to beat my job off my body. Once finished I prepare for my massage, wrapped the towel around me, lay face down on the table as instructed. 

Before long a man entered and introduced himself to me as my masseur, but I was too relaxed to look up at him. Instead I mumbled something and he started to apply warm lotion on my back. His hands were small but strong and he found all the right spots. He started with my head covered every inch; I could feel the tensions leaving my body. 

After only ten minutes I was putty in his hands. The stresses of my job left my mind. I could feel my body starting to feel human again. Everything was perfect, I thought it doesn't get any better than this? Then I felt it, my hands were at my sides and turned slightly up, and he leaned against the table to reach a spot on my opposite side and placed his cock right in my hand. He was wearing a thin pair of silk shorts and a tank top so it left little to the imagination! I was frozen. I didn't react at all just let things happen. Never in my life did I ever consider myself to be gay, or even bisexual, but this started to arouse me. Maybe it was the massage but I was turned me on. He continued the massage and was now on my opposite side and then he did it again leaning in so his cock was in my other hand. Was it accidental or intentional? 

I could feel my own cock becoming hard as my curiosity was turned up a notch. Things really started to become erotic when he started to massage my butt cheeks. He continued massaging my ass for what felt like ten minutes or so.

He softly asked if he should leave the towel on or would it be okay to remove it. 

Never in my life have I been shy and by this point what did it matter? There was nothing I could do to hide my erection. He removed the towel and applied more lotion to his hands but he didn't go straight to my butt, instead he started on my legs and boy did that feel good. Wow, why have I waited so long for this? I should get massaged every week. My masseur opened legs allowing him more access to my sore muscles. Being a good client and feeling horny, I spread them a little wider for ease of range. 

By now I was in seventh heaven. I was feeling brave and even a little daring. I couldn't help but feel a little of an exhibitionist. I knew from where he was standing that he could see how aroused I had grown to become. There was no way he couldn't see that I was excited. 

Never in my life had a man touched me like this. Never in my life had a man turned me on this way!

My masseur slowly worked his hands higher and higher, my legs spread even wider on their own. Now he had complete access to me! He took advantage of it also massaging up to my cheeks and 'accidently' bushing my balls as he massaged my inner thigh area. 

Then I felt it again, his cock touched my hand!

He acted like nothing had happened but a minute later he did it again! I could feel him leaning in and placed that cock right in my hand. By now I was so comfortable and horny that I started to squeeze his cock. I actually took his cock in my hand! 

He felt nice, not over big and sort of slim. 

More magic! I felt him becoming hard in my hand! I mean, I felt him get an erection while I was holding his cock. Wow, that was so amazing and kinky! I've never seen, let alone held a man's cock as he became hard.

I could tell he was getting excited too. His breathing had changed which told me that he was also having a good time. He made no effort to remove it just let me squeeze it and went about massaging my butt cheeks thoroughly. It was one of the hottest feelings I've ever had! 

What a mental image I had in my head. I was really enjoying this man working over my butt, and to have this man's hard cock in my hand was thrilling. He never missed a beat though he just kept massaging my but the traveled around and started on the other side and just like on queue placed his by now fully hard cock right in my other hand. I wondered how many times a day this happened to him? 

The massage on my ass really had me heated up. My masseur had poured generous amounts of warm oil on my ass as he worked the oil into my skin. Then it happened again, something new for m me to experience. I felt his fingers touching my hole. Between the oil on my body and his hands, he easily slipped a finger inside me.

I swear that my cock became a little harder! My masseur was a struggling to remain mostly professional, but it was clearly obvious that he wanted this to become something more than a massage. 

Sadly he stopped all of a sudden.

Thankfully it was to ask me if I wanted to roll over onto my back. His hard cock was still firmly in my hand.

Reluctantly I let his cock slip from my hand as I rolled over exposing my rock solid six inches of man meat, although I consider myself somewhat shy I felt sort of turn on that I was exposing myself for him. I've never been hard in front of a man before so this was all new to me.

I let go of his hard cock.

Carefully I turned over to my back, I could see his cock was just as hard as mine. This was very exciting to me. I relaxed and lower my head down as he went about applying the oils to my chest and stomach. It felt so good to have him stroking my chest and he paid special attention to my nipples also. I was so turned on every time he pinched or twisted my nipples my cock would jerk. 

Never in my wildest dreams did I realize how erotic a massage could be. By now I'm sure that my eyes were glassed over so I tried to keep them closed. Maybe it was also due to the fact that I had no idea where I should be looking? I mean, do I look at him? Do I look at my body? I just had no idea on what I should do with myself. 

So I took the easy way out, and relaxed.

Even with my eyes closed, I could feel him leaning forward. His chest pressed into mine. In this state of mine though, I didn't really care. Hell through most of this massage my eyes were closed so why should I open them now?

But I did, open my eyes.

Sometime, somehow he had removed his shorts! When did he have time for that? I felt a strange erotic tingling sensations flowing as I looked him over. Once again, I reached out for his cock and wrapped my hand around his hard long shaft. He was long and slim maybe six or seven inches long but skinny. His cock didn't have much girth to it.

With his cock firmly in my hand he started massaging my chest. I enjoyed the sensations of fondling his cock and balls. I've never felt another man's cock before. I could have stayed on his massage table for hours, but I knew that this must come to an end. Since I was on my back, I realized our time was limited.

The next thing I knew he was traveling down to the foot of the table, I looked up just in time to see him remove his shirt and turn towards me. My masseur was now totally naked. I noticed how smooth and tan his body was and wondered if he shaved, or was naturally hairless? Either way, this man had one hot body.

He reached for my foot and started in massaging it. Still feeling very relaxed all I could do was just allow things to happen to me. His touch was soothing as he started to work his way up my foot and ankle, higher up on to my calf and knee then finally to my thigh; the suspense was killing me as I knew what I wanted! I just wanted him to get there, asap!

Never before in my life has my cock never felt so hard. His hands slowly massaging my inner thighs, making my cock sway back and forth. I watched him walk to my right side with his cock proudly pointing upwards and swaying as he moved.

He went back to massaging my outer thighs and hip, every now and then his hand would just graze under my cock. Oh how I wanted his oily hands to take grip of my cock and to feel him stroking my hard cock. Teasingly his hands got closer till his finger tips running through my pubic hair. Thoughts of insecurity raced through my mind as maybe I should have shaved before this massage?

To my annoyance he moved to my other side with his erect cock leading the charge. My masseur repeated the process on my other thigh and hip. I was becoming exhausted yet desperate of a hot release. By now my cock was dripping precum. As he finished my leg I became aware of the position of my legs he had left them slightly bent and spread quite wide. He walked up to the side of table running his hand up my stomach as he approached. 

I was still laying there with my eyes closed. My head slightly turned towards him when he softly spoke to informed me that I had several options as to how we could finish the massage. I was surprised and pleasantly shocked when I opened my eyes to see his cock not more than three inches away from my face. That's when I noticed he too was leaking precum and wanted release. 

As he started to tell me what my options were, well I couldn't resist any longer. I had to know what it felt like, what his cock tasted like. Seeing his cock right there, I just did what came naturally to me and I leaned forward taking the tip of his cock into my mouth. My masseur stopped talking as I worked my tongue all around the head and shaft of his cock. He did reach down and started to massage my chest. What a picture that must have been, with his cock in my mouth and him trying to massage me.

He was careful to join me up on the table, part of me was worried that the massage table would collapse from our weight. Guess this wasn't his first rodeo. Slowly he worked his body into a 69 position.

I had never done anything like this before but we both seemed completely at ease with his cock in my mouth. I continued sucking for what seemed like several minutes then I felt his hand travel down my stomach and for the first time he actually grabbed my cock spreading all my precum around up and down my shaft and around my balls. 

I don't know if it was the precum or the oils but it was slippery down there. He leaned further down so he could reach my crotch with both hands has he stroked and played with my balls, taking special care to not let his cock slide from my mouth. 

Then he took it one step further and took my whole cock down his throat. Wow did that feel good I almost exploded on the spot but somehow was able to hold off. As he continued to suck me, he kept his hands busy massaging and touching me. 

By now his hands had dropped lower to my ass and were rubbing and probing me there, I couldn't believe how great that actually felt and found myself lifting and spreading my legs further apart giving him total access. 

Again my masseur shocked me, still in a pleasant way. I felt him starting to play with my balls then carefully he slowly started to insert his finger into my ass. Carefully he worked his finger inside me till he found my prostate. This man was complete in massaging me but he was very thorough! Not only did he massage my body, but now he was massaging my internal as well!

I completely lost it as the sensations were too much! My body tensed up as my orgasm exploded. I didn't warn him as my cock exploded in his mouth, gush after gush. I never came so hard and so much. I was totally spent but he wasn't done yet. My stud kept sucking and probing my ass, as I came filling his mouth with my cum. It didn't faze him as he swallowed everything that I had given him. I still couldn't believe that his hard as a rock cock was still in my mouth, thankfully I didn't bite him.

This massage was so many 'first' for me, yet I loved every minute of it. Being that I'm a little older, it usually takes me some time before I get hard after reaching my orgasm. Yet, with his finger till embedded in my ass, I noticed that my cock never became flaccid!

After a couple minutes my breathing returned back to normal.

Yet, another first for me. my cock slipped out of his mouth, and I could see a little of my cum on his lips. Then I felt him moving, carefully he worked his way down towards the end of the table with his hand holding my cock.

When he finally got comfortable he was between my legs, he slowly lifted his mouth off my cock but never removed his finger and I became aware of the position I was in. I was on my back my legs were spread wide and pulled back to my chest and my butt was slightly up turned. I wasn't sure that I was ready for what he wanted. Guess he sensed it, then he asked me if I wanted to do him since I was hard again.

I knew what he wanted, was there any difference between a woman's ass and a man's? 

With my cock rock hard, I was curious. I moved behind him and watched as he bent over the table to grab the oil. Then he reached around and spread generous amounts on both my cock and his ass. 

He turned to look at the wall as he guided my cock into his asshole. I could feel him tensed up immediately and he sensed it my worry. He told me not to worry and to work myself slowly into him.

I slid the tip of my cock up and down my ass crack till he reached for my cock stoking to put it back in him. I felt the tip of my cock enter him and before I realized that the head was in him. I had to fight the temptation to push hard into him, oh how I needed to push more inside him. I wanted to feel his tightness, his walls gripping onto my cock like a vice. 

Carefully and slowly I worked myself deeper, inch by inch slipped into his hot man hold. I knew he needed release to, so I reached around for his cock. His had was already there stocking his cock as I fucked his ass.

Once I was all the way in, I didn't move. I wanted him to adjust and accommodate my girth. As he relaxed I could feel him gently began to apply pressure on my cock head. He was so gentle and didn't force it further; we just stayed there for a moment with him stroking his cock. I wondered what that felt like, to masturbate while having a cock deep inside your ass.

Once he was totally relaxed, I started to pull out. Not too far as I didn't want his body to eject me. I don't know how he could tell but whenever I would slip an inch or two out of him he would push himself onto me, impaling my cock deeper into his ass. We slowly started to work as a team, building up our rhythm.

Before long I could feel my balls slapping his ass and it never really did hurt much. He began to withdraw and then slowly got a rhythm built never rushing just slowly in and out. I swear that I could feel every inch going in and out of him, pressing the urge for me to cum again.

He must have felt my cock swell because he started pumping his own cock faster and faster just as I started pumping his ass harder and harder. 

I'm not sure who came first but I could feel my cock explode in his tight ass.

I could also feel his muscles flexing as he pumped his own seed on to the table.

Wow, that was just amazing! What a rush of feelings to orgasm in such a tight hole like that.

Fucking him was terrific he collapsed forward on the table and I collapsed on top of him. My cock buried deep inside him. Slowly I could feel myself becoming flaccid and then it happened when my cock wasn't hard enough to stay inside his hole, he expelled me.

Once I finally slipped out we just rested for a couple of moments till our breathing returned to normal. What a massage that man gave me! What a way to spend an hour. Why couldn't I do this every day?

I thought that this was excellent and how could we ever top this experience? 

As he slowly stood up, he led me to the showers. We both needed to get cleaned up. I was so proud of my cock, shooting two hot loads into this man. once in the showers he cleaned my body and his. He was still the caregiver which I enjoyed. Once he soaped up my cock and rinsed me off, he once again used his mouth to make sure all my spunk off my cock. Personally, I think he just wanted to touch me some more before our time came to an end.

Once cleaned, he dried me off then we went back into the room. We dressed and he asked me about my experience. I just told him the truth that I was blown away. Pun intended! 

He gave me his card and told me to call him anytime. I gave him a nice tip and back to the office I went hoping to tense up so that I needed to call him again.

Wow, what a massage! There was no way that I was going to wait ten years for my next massage.

The end...for now!

Please feel free to send me an email, as I would love some feedback. 