 Here I was, still lying on a mattress, enjoying all the tingling sensations after giving my first blow job. I was trying to get up the energy and nerve to compose myself and go back into the bar where it sounded like there was now a full house of men cavorting around. I heard the door being opened and in walked the other bartender. He was a Japanese lad who looked to be about 5'11" and in great shape.

Still in a prone position, I watched as he came closer and said, "I'm Ken, Rick asked me to check up on you." At the same time he was unzipping his pants and as he reached me, out popped a beautiful, uncut semi-erect cock that he aimed right at my face! I started to say "Nice to meet you, I'm..." and that's as far as I got when his rather large tool filled my mouth and he gently grabbed my head and started pumping me in a slow and steady rhythm. 

Next I experienced the fabulous sensation of feeling his cock grow in my mouth and it was amazingly erotic. I can honestly say it wasn't like anything I had ever imagined. Getting wider and longer with every thrust until my mouth was totally filled. 

I still had the cream in my mouth that Rick deposited not thirty minutes before, and Ken, a total stranger, was now using me in the same manner and I loved it! I could taste his pre-cum; salty,yet sweet, and it drove me to suck harder and faster. My mind was racing. I just finished giving head and had the greatest feeling I could imagine, yet here's another cock in my mouth and I didn't want it to ever stop. 

I looked up at Ken and he was looking right into my eyes. So I doubled my efforts as he told me he would fill my mouth but had orders from Rick. No one could touch my ass before Rick breaks me in. Wow! I was even more excited hearing those words. Did Rick know I was a virgin, was my first time so good he wanted me for himself, or what? 

Food for thought, yet Ken was already giving me all the nourishment I crave. He must be nearly identical in size to Rick and I was and still am fantasizing as to how it would be to have both of these poles servicing me at the same time. I squeezed his ball sack as I sucked in and slid my tongue up and down on his shaft. I couldn't stop groaning and making noises of pleasure as Ken encouraged me on. 

I was really getting into this! Was I a natural? Most of my life I wouldn't have thought of sucking a man's cock, yet now I was having the time of my life. I must've sounded like a cock-hungry whore, and that's basically what I felt like. I just wanted to please Ken and Ken's cock and make it mine. And after several more minutes of delicious sucking I noticed that feeling I encountered just a short time before with Rick, as Ken's dick started to grow ever slightly. 

I guess I am a fast learner for picking up on that my second time around. So I concentrated the pressure of my tongue on Ken's mushroom head, started jerking him with my left hand and softly squeezed his nuts with my right. That did the trick as Ken then yelled out something in Japanese and nearly took the back of my head off with a shot of cum that startled me by its volume and force of power. I backed up a little, his second shot hit my nose and lips, then I swallowed him again for the final spasms.

I cannot believe the amount of cum in and on me! It would be nice to know how much he shot, but I was now in too much ecstasy to think about it. Also, I wanted every last drop of that nectar and didn't want to loose any of it. So, concentrating on things in hand, I held him by his ass and slurped up all the cum dripping from his cock and used his shaft to ram it down my throat. This tasted so good and the feeling of my face also being covered with his seed was an extra turn on. I took his cock out of my mouth and rubbed it all over my nose and lips where his second shot had hit me. 

After precious moments of oral delight, Ken's cock started to get a bit sensitive so I slowed down the pressure and just savored his juices as I felt his dick start to shrink. His cum tasted different from Rick's, but just as delicious. It would be hard to choose one over the other, I guess I want them both. After a moment or two Ken had a resurgence and I picked up speed and sucked him clean as he caressed my head while I worshipped his cock. Slowly, he composed himself and told me he had to leave,work was waiting.

Ken then gave me the same invite Rick did a short time before to come out to the bar, but I now had a face that looked like a glazed doughnut. I told him I'd be out shortly and he went back to the bar. Then using my fingers, I ate up as much of the cum covering my face as I could and prepared to join them in the next room.

Now alone again, I then realized two amazing things, or at least, they just then came into my thought process. The batteries were still alive in my butt plug, and I hadn't cum yet. Thank god I used alkaline batteries! I could feel the wetness in my shorts from a continuous stream of pre-cum but I had been turned on for so long that I now had blue balls like a teenager.

So, I finally got up and headed thru the door to the bar, and the place was really jumping. Before I got to the counter, Rick came up to me and gave me a deep, wet kiss while grabbing my ass. When he pushed my butt plug deeper into my ass I started to melt in his arms, I felt like I was in heaven! I still had quite a bit of cum in my mouth, and the addition of his tongue in there really set me off. He led me to the dance floor where other male couples were dancing and started massaging me in all the right places. When he spun me I fell backwards into his arms and he put his left arm around my shoulders as he started giving me a hand job with his right.

My cock was rock hard again and screaming for release as Rick jerked it up and down and pumped his hips into me from behind. I wanted it so bad and I know it is about to happen. I turned my head to the side and Rick's tongue re-found mine as I exploded into a long anticipated orgasm. Fortunately all on the dance floor were pre-occupied and the music was blasting. I scream that I was coming and went into spasms as Rick kept up the rubbing. I was shaking like I was doing the St. Vitus dance as he then reached into my shorts, came out with my seed, put his fingers in our mouths and we kissed passionately for the duration of the song!

How do you describe the feelings I just went thru? I really don't think I can do justice to how intense it actually was. But I do know it has made me want it again and again. Rick lead me to a small table and we sat down for a chat . I can't even remember what we talked about before, but I tell him tonight was my first time and he has made me a believer. I guess I was still horny because I told him about my fantasies and blurt out how much I'd like for him to break me in! We told each other about our situations and I learned that Rick and Ken are flatmates. I actually started getting aroused again just hearing that!

I mention the fact that I took care of Ken also, but Rick just gave a knowingly smile, like he had set it up al along. I told him how I was flattered that he had called dibs on my ass and again to my amazement I told him it was his for the taking! Then he told me my blow job was one of the best he'd ever had, and refuses to believe it was my first time. Well, it was, but it sure won't be the last. We proceeded to make arraignments to meet on Rick's next day off. I didn't get al the details of our meeting, but I would go to his place in three more days, and was told to wear the same toy and be in the same mood. 

So, in less than seventy-two hours I will be fucked for the first time by a monster cock. This by a man who I want to be ravaged by. Will Ken be there also? That's something I won't know till I get there.