 I met Sam at work, his office was just down the hall from mine. We hit it off immediately and became fast friends. Every Monday morning Sam would stop in my office with a cup of coffee and tell me in detail of his weekend sexual adventures. Listening to his descriptions of his lovers and the positions, sex acts etc. always got me really hard.

One Monday Sam asked if I was ready for some really interesting stuff. "Sure" I said and he took the seat across the desk from me. He confided in me that he was bisexual and that he had made a new "friend" over the weekend. He told me in rich detail how he'd taken his new friend's cock deep down his throat. How his friend had given him the best blowjob of his life. How his friend fucked him nice and slow and came in his ass.

As Sam was regaling me in great detail, I felt my cock getting hard. I was really turned on and quite frankly embarrassed. After Sam left my office I had to go to the men's room and relieve myself. My mind could not focus on work the rest of the day. Was I gay? Was I too bisexual? My mind could not stop racing with the possibilities.

When I got home that night I went to my laptop and pulled up some porn. I was naked in a flash and watched a couple really get it on. My cock grew so hard I thought it might crack off! I found that I was far more focused on the guy's cock than the girl's pussy and tits. When he shot his huge load all over her face, I was pushed over the edge and came like a geyser.

A few weeks went by and Sam never failed to amaze me with his stories, often leading to my need to head to the restroom. One Monday he said I should plan on joining him next Sunday for some football and beers. He said he had a buddy that lived on a farm and had fixed up the barn into the ultimate man cave. He said the cave had a bar, several TV's, couches. It was a football fan's dream. I told him I'd think about it. All he did for the rest of the week was badger me with "Are you coming on Sunday?" "I really think you will have a great time." "What do you have to lose?"

Finally, on Friday afternoon I couldn't take it anymore and told him I'd be there. "Great!" he exclaimed and gave me the address. "Be there around 12:30"

I left my house thinking I'd stay until half time. I wanted to get my laundry done and do a few other things around the house that day. I pulled onto the gravel road and parked near the barn. There were about a dozen or so cars parked outside. I knocked on the door. What happened next blew me away. A guy opened the door and said "hi Rick, Sam had hoped you would join us today." A normal greeting except he had no clothes on and his 7-inch cock extended straight out as if it wanted to shake my hand. I stood there aghast. He sensed my shock and told me to relax and come on in and have a beer.

I followed our host into the barn and saw that Sam was right. It had everything a man cave should have and in addition about a dozen naked men. A few were standing around the bar with a drink. One guy was sitting on a couch with his head back and eyes closed. Another guy was on his knees slowly working on his hard cock. Sam came over to say hi, I watched as his hard cock swayed as he walked. It was long and thin, uncut. "I hoped you would come today" he said with a sly smile. "I watched you go into the men's room every time I told of one of my bi stories." "Just relax and enjoy yourself. But you may want to ditch the clothes, they make you stand out."

Our host showed me to a bathroom. I went in and shut the door behind me. I could leave right now I thought. But then the vision of the guy shooting his load on the girl's face ran through my head. The sight of his cum shooting out, her eager mouth waiting for it... By this time my cock had made the decision to stay.

I shed my clothes and was a little embarrassed at how hard I was as I left the bathroom. I walked up to the bar and grabbed a beer as nonchalantly as I could. A guy came over and started chatting with me. "hi, I'm Randy." 

"Hi, I'm Rick." We talked about the upcoming game, who we thought would win, even the weather.

Then came the question. "Can I put that nice cock of yours in my mouth? I promise you will like it." So here was the moment of truth. 

"Yes" I replied before I even knew it.

Randy got down on his knees and took my shaft in his hand. He stroked it gently and licked just the head. I thought I might ruin everything and cum right then and there. He licked and sucked the head of my cock. I moaned and closed my eyes it was so good. I steadied myself against the bar as he stroked, licked, and teased my cock. He looked up at me and smiled as he opened his mouth and slowly took all of me. His throat felt like a moist warm pussy, but better. He slowly moved up and down taking his time. It was if he wanted to blow me for hours.

I was in heaven, never felt this turned on or this much pleasure. I felt a pair of hands on my shoulders and turned to see another guy had stepped right behind me. He smiled and as I turned my head towards him, he kissed me before I knew it was happening. His tongue explored my mouth and I instinctively sucked on it. I felt his right hand move down and massage my ass cheeks. He put a finger on my hole, and I groaned a guttural, whorish groan. As Randy worked his magic on my cock the other guy (whose name I later found out was Jim) slowly pushed his finger inside me finding my prostate. He moved his finger in and out like he was fucking me. I was seeing stars as the two men pleasured me.

Jim pulled his finger out and I moaned. But before my rear passage could close entirely, he put two fingers in and the nerve endings in my ass went wild. Now he played with my prostate like his fingers were a scissors. My desires took over my body as I was now moving to fuck Randy's throat and be fucked by Jim's fingers. 

Randy said something to Jim and they both stopped. I stood there motionless, longing for more. Randy said "We don't want Rick cumming too soon, it's not even the end of the first quarter!"

They both took their drinks and walked away leaving me standing there with the biggest hard on of my life. I was now a wanton whore. I needed cock. I looked around the room and saw a guy sitting on a couch slowly stroking himself as he watched the other action in the room. I walked over and sat down next to him. I figured Randy's question worked on my so why not try it on Stan, as his name turned out to be. "Stan, can I put that nice cock of yours in my mouth?" He just smiled.

I got down on my knees while he stayed seated. I took Randy's approach and wrapped my hand around the shaft. I looked closely at his cut meat and without thinking took the head into my mouth. The sensation of having a rock-hard velvety head in my mouth sent shivers down my spine. I now knew that on this day at this place I was a cock whore. I wanted cock. I needed cock. Instinct took over as I told myself to do what felt good to me. I could not get all of Stan down my throat but I stroked him, licked and sucked his balls and went up and down as best I could. I must have done fairly well because before long Stan was moving his hips, fucking my mouth. He let out a big "YES! Suck me!" and within seconds my ministrations were rewarded with his seed. Shot after shot filled my mouth. I swallowed instinctively yet spasm after spasm delivered more. I'd never tasted cum before; it was creamy and salty. Stan smiled as he looked down at me and the room erupted in applause. I looked around and saw the approving smiles as I wiped my chin. 

"Who's next" I said with my cum filled mouth.

I took several loads as the guys lined up. I got better and better with each cock, conquering my gag reflex by the end of the day. I had become a true cock whore.

My cock was now covered in pre cum as I took the last load. Randy and Jim came over and told me it was now my turn. Randy sat on a couch and told me to feed him by cock. I stood before him as Jim came up behind me. He told me to get on the couch on my knees so I could feed Randy and my ass was there for him. Randy immediately went to work on my cock and Jim got behind me and put two fingers in me. The sensation was incredible, now I was receiving. 

Jim was fucking me with two fingers and Randy was devouring my manhood when Jim leaned in close to my ear and told me I was his bitch. 

"Yes, yes I want to be your bitch!" I heard myself say. With that Jim pulled his fingers out. He walked to the bar and came back with a condom and some lube. Now I knew it was a party! He slid the condom on his rod and lubed it up very well. He put some lube on his finger and lubed up what he called my man pussy. Randy did not skip a beat on my cock as Jim slowly entered me. It hurt like hell and I groaned. Jim took his time and stopped once his head was in me. I felt it open me and my annas slammed around the shaft once it was fully inside. He stopped and asked if I was ok. "Fuck me!" I shouted. As Randy sucked and Jim fucked the crowd gathered to watch. I felt so hot, so sexy, so turned on. I couldn't hold it anymore and shot my cum into Randy's mouth. He let out with approving moans as he wrapped my head with his lips and circled my head with his tongue.

The contraction of my ass sent Jim into orgasm as well as he let out a long "I'm cumming!" I felt his cock plow deep into my man pussy. As I fell forward onto Randy, Jim's cock fell out of my ass. I just laid there feeling the pleasure / pain in my ass and the emptiness of my balls. My mouth had that nice cum aftertaste. I was exhausted and sexually sated.