 It was my first place. I was 22, and I was ecstatic. I had lived in an apartment with my girlfriend at the time for about a year, but I had discovered that a mortgage would cost me the same, if not less than, renting. After she and I broke up and I moved back in with my parents, I saw the folly of my ways. I promptly bought the place for a song: a two-bedroom, two bath villa, right on a small lake, near the city, but a little bit suburban. It had a tiny backyard, which I immediately fenced in and gardened. It was perfect for a young bachelor such as myself. 

I thought about getting a roommate for the second room, just to help with the bills a little, but discovered that with only the smallest bit of belt-tightening I could maintain my privacy, so I did. I quickly fell into the routine of a single guy. I had the place set up just as I liked it, and could walk around in the nude if the desire struck. There were times of loneliness, but I had enough friends to counter most days and nights. I had never had too much trouble with girls. Not being an underwear model or anything, I always viewed myself as attractive enough at five-foot ten, and one hundred-sixty-five pounds. I was a cyclist, surfed every chance I got, and ate pretty healthy. 

After a while, being used to having people around me, the lonely nights began to weigh on my more and more. I still didn't want to go the route of acquiring a roommate. I used the second room as a rudimentary music studio, trying to write songs and record them on a simple four-track recorder. Something still felt off. I had a decent computer, and as such, had plenty of porn. This helped to a point, but ultimately, still wasn't the same. My mind wandered, and bored, I aimlessly darted from place to place on the internet. Always going for straight porn, and inadvertently landed on gay websites or bisexual guy-on-guy images from time to time. Always my knee jerk reaction was to be turned off, but every once in a while something would catch my attention. A penis size, a look-something. More and more I found myself looking at these sites and videos. I masturbated frequently as it were, and found myself doing it even more. This confused me as I had never in a million years thought of myself as gay. However, the more I thought about it, the more things began to make sense.

Back in school, following PE, we would run through the communal showers, and get dressed at our lockers. There were always a couple guys that I would steal glances at in comparison with myself. I chalked it up to curiosity and figured all guys did it. The guy next to me was somewhat nerdy and certainly not known for his physique or popularity, but I always considered him a friend, if only at school. Curiously, he had a penis easily larger than any of ours in class. It looked full adult-sized, which was saying something for young men of average endowment. Then there would be other times changing at a friend's house or visiting my cousin, where we would inevitably be naked around each other to change clothes or bathing suits, and I'd feel the same curiosity. Always, these moments were fleeting, and quickly cast aside.

Being in South Florida, I knew people who were gay, so I wasn't a homophobe, nor did I have any discomfort around people like that. I just never thought the feelings would come my way. Over time, gauging my desires from what I saw on the computer, I discovered things that turned my on and things that definitely did not. Kissing another guy- huge turn-off. The same with hugging, snuggling, or pretty much any activity that paralleled what I would be doing romantically with a girl. That said, sexually, I found many things to excite me. Giving blowjobs turned me on. Seeing a guy come definitely did it for me, and finally something about two guys having sex did as well, but only sometimes. 

I lurked around chat rooms and was hit on with relative frequency, but I never bit on anything. Finally, one night I decided I'd at least try to meet someone, with the understanding that sex was decidedly not a sure thing. After several guys that were too forward for my taste, I started a conversation with a guy online. Another thing I had discovered was that I needed some sort of report with a guy to be comfortable. The ones that instantly responded with, "Pics?", or, "Let's fuck", were quickly deleted. Guys on these websites seemed to be looking for a quick one-timer. I needed to be a little more at-ease before I would allow anything to happen. This guy took his time, and allowed me to relax. 

We corresponded over a couple days, and started opening up a little. I told him about my misgivings and curiosities, and he told me about what he was in to. He was gay, and I had found myself less attracted to gay guys as straight or bisexual ones, but he was able to quell that uneasiness with conversation, We traded pictures and I found him to be your average, if not the tiniest bit effeminate, guy. Finally, after several days of emailing and instant-messaging back and forth, he asked me if I'd like to come over to his place. With no small amount of nerves, I agreed. 

He greeted me at the door of his apartment in Fort Lauderdale and invited me in. He was about what I had pictured: about an inch shorter than I, dark hair, and skinnier. We sat down on his couch and talked for a few minutes, carrying on previously held conversations about nothing in particular. Finally, sensing my unease, he said, "You look nervous".

"Yeah, I guess so," I replied, afraid to sit too close.

"We don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with, alright?" he said.

"I know," I said. "It's just all a bit new to me. I've never considered myself gay at all."

"Well, that's good, because you're obviously not gay," he said. "Guys can be interested in other guys without being gay. Sometimes it's just curiosity, and sometimes it's something a bit deeper. I guess you never really know until you try."

I though about that and it made perfect sense. He definitely had a way of making me more comfortable. The nerves were still palpable, but at least I wasn't freaking out. 

He turned, facing me on the couch. I inadvertently looked down and saw through the bottom of his soccer shorts, the head of his cock poking out. He said, "Well, I know you're pretty nervous, so just try to relax and pretend we're having a conversation about football or something." I nodded, and we just talked more about irrelevant matters, but I was having a hard time concentrating now that I had actually seen his cock. I was trying not to be obvious, but he must have seen me stealing glances at him. He would shift his was a little, or laugh and expose a little more of himself. Finally, after an uncomfortable silence, he said, "Let me show you around the place." 

We got up and did a quick walk-through of his small apartment, all the while, noticing the growing bulge in his shorts that bounced from side to side as he walked. Inevitably, the tour ended at his bedroom. He walked in and I followed, lingering just inside the doorway, knowing where this was now headed. He turned and looked at me, clearly noticing my gaze at the bulge in his crotch. 

"Sorry about that," he said. "You ever walk around in these things without underwear on? They kind of tickle you, and it always gives me a hard-on."

"Yeah, I've had that happen to me before, too," I said.

One of his hands lightly caressed the package beneath his shorts as he slowly approached me. "You seem pretty curious about this," he said. "Do you want to touch it?" he asked.

"Um," was all I could muster. He took my hand by the wrist and guided it to his stiffening cock. I could feel his shaft arcing downward through the thin material of his shorts. My fingers slowly encircled his cock. He then stepped back, pulling off his shirt, and quickly yanked his shorts off. For the first time, I had a naked man standing before me. He lightly stroked his cock as he walked back toward me. My hand went back to his dick. I had felt mine thousands of times of course, but having another cock in my hand was completely different. The skin was softer than I imagined, just encasing the stiff rod beneath. He was circumcised, had a thick tuft of black pubic hair, and was a little smaller than me. I estimated him to be around 6 ½ inches in length. Notably, when hard, his penis pointed downward, as opposed to upward or just straight as my naiveté assumed. 

I had an overwhelming urge to taste his cock, but was intensely nervous about it, as if it would signal a change in me that I could not return from. Finally I closed my eyes and dropped to my knees. He stepped in front of me, his cock inches from my face. One hand started caressing the back of my head and the other dropped to my shoulder. I took my time lightly stroking his cock before me, and he slowly pushed his hips closer to me. Finally I gave in. I opened my mouth and for the first time, tasted another man's dick.

The precum was oozing from his head and dripped onto my tongue. It was sweet, and surprised me at the fact that it wasn't a turn off. The touch of the soft skin of his cock caressed my tongue and I allowed my lips to wrap around his shaft. He let out a soft moan and began to move his hips back and forth gently, sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. I tried to keep my teeth away from his penis as it moved in and out, and kept a rhythm going. 

"Yeah, that's it," he said. "You're doing great" I started to increase my pace a little, and placed one hand at the base of his dick as I attempted to take him deeper. I could feel his pubic hair tickle my nose as he moved deeper into my mouth. He offered words of encouragement between moans of pleasure. He also added instruction. "Let it touch the back of your throat," he said. I slowed and allowed it deeper yet to where his cock just began to touch my uvula. Not quite able to gag me, but enough to where I could just feel his testicles brushing my chin. 

"Yeah, you're doing great, man. Here, lick it up and down," he said. I took him out of my mouth and licked the shaft up and down its length. It was now coated in my saliva, and the taste of his oozing precum on my tongue mixed with the texture of his cock enticed me to no end. My own cock was like steel now, but I was only focused on his rigid tool. He lightly held the back of my head and pushed my face into him, forcing his balls toward me. I started licking his testicles and inhaling the musky smell from them as he stroked his cock. "God, yeah, that's wonderful," he said. "Suck this dick, man," he said.

I greedily took his hard cock back into my mouth and allowed him to shove it deeper into my throat. My gag reflex was being tested, but I tried to relax as he face-fucked me faster and faster. I heard his breathing quicken and his grunts became louder, and then I realized that he must be about to come. Not ready for him to shoot in my mouth, I tried to pull away, but he maintained a grip on the back of my head. His cock pulled away from my mouth, but his come shot out and landed across my face. I was planning on being a little turned off by this, but was actually enthralled at the sight of his cock spewing cum out into the air and on to me. He jerked his cock and milked the rest of the cum out of it as I knelt there on the floor, equally out of breath. He sat down on the bed, and then said, "Do you want me to suck your cock?" 

I thought about this for a moment, and said, "No, I'm ok". I wanted to take in what had just happened and examine my feelings about it. I cleaned up in the bathroom, and thanking him, I promptly left. I was sure he felt a little confused, but this was a very new experience for me and one I needed to think about heavily. I got home, took a shower, and crawled in to bed. The next days would be full of new questions, and certainly new experiences.

I could confirm one of my earlier preconceptions -- I now felt forever changed, and things would definitely not be the same.