 During our chat we discussed many things. We were both from Rhode Island, so it was easy to keep the conversation going. We found that we shared the same interests- fishing, kayaking, the Red Sox...and our occasional desire to suck another man's cock. He was going to be in New Hampshire, staying at a motel not too far from my apartment. We agreed to get together the following Friday night for beer and baseball, see where it might go from there. He called that afternoon and I gave him directions to my place. When he got there the beer was on ice, the grill was lit and the game was in its first inning.

We sat and had a few, making small talk and letting the grill heat up. He was taller than I, about 6 feet, thin but in active guy kind of way, short dark hair, dark blue eyes. The evening eventually fell softly around us, bringing on the mosquitoes and forcing us into the living room. He sat in the chair across the room, I on the couch. We followed the game, but as the number of empty beers added up, our conversation became punctuated by long heavy stares at each other, often ending when one of us broke into a sly grin. I knew that he, like I, must be thinking about some of the "interests" we shared in our earlier chat. We were comfortable with each other, but neither one was quite confident to make the first move. I knew that if no one just jumped into it we could sit there all night.

After one long stare, he asked me "what the heck are you smiling about over there?" 

"You're awfully interested in this ball game aren't ya?"

"Course," he said, "Gotta win this one..."

"Well I was just sitting here thinking of ways to distract you..."

"Oh yeah? What did you come up with," he asked.

I swallowed hard, and told myself "the hell with it, say it, see what happens..."

"Well, I was wondering what you'd do if I stood up right now, undressed, walked across the room, straddled your lap and began stroking myself."

His eyes opened, and the glimmered in the light. He thought for a brief moment, grinning broadly.

"Well he said, the game is over in a few minutes...why don't you sit there awhile longer and we'll see how it goes. If the Sox win, maybe we'll have to celebrate."

I couldn't believe it! Here I was, being the slut, taking the chance...and he was telling me to wait. I sat and pouted, by confident that the Sox would carry the lead till the end...and then a reason to celebrate. It got a little close at the end- no surprise with the Sox- but they did indeed win the game. As the last out was recorded, he got up, went to the kitchen and grabbed two more beers. As he came back in, he said "No what was that you mentioned earlier...?"

"Just thinking of way to distract you," I said as I hoped my beer and took a long tug of courage.

"And what was it that you had in mind?" he said, settling back into the chair.

"This!" and with that I stood. I pulled my t-shirt up over my head and tossed it to the floor. His eyes followed my hands as they slid to my jeans I kicked off my sneakers as I popped the button open, and slowly pulled the fly down.

"Shy?" he asked as I turned slightly away from him. "Nope" I said, "just trying to keep you in suspense." He grinned as the denim slid down my legs and over my feet. 

I watched his eyes drop from mine as I turned toward him and took a few steps. I could feel myself swelling. I walked to him, put a leg up on either side of the easy chair and sat. I was suspended there, balls hanging heavily. He groaned and looked up at me. "Yes, that would have been a distraction indeed."

With that I lowered my head to his mouth. We kissed deeply, tongues swirling rapidly. I sat back and began stroking my shaft, long slow strokes up and over the head, back down to cup my balls. He ran his hands up the insides of my thighs, and then reached around to cup my ass. He watched as I stroked. We kissed occasionally. The sensation of being kissed deeply while I stroke myself is intense and forces moans from me every time. We continued like this for long, long moments, no one saying a word. We did manage to unbutton his oxford shirt, and his stomach and chest were warm against the silky underside of my shaft.

I leaned back to stroke myself more, and as we watched a large droplet developed at the tip of my cock, glistening in the low light. I guided the tip of my cock and hung the droplet off his nipple. He moaned loudly as my lips and tongue flickered and licked. When the second droplet formed I hung it off his other nipple, then scooping it up on my tongue I shared the slightly salty taste with him. 

"I have to have that directly from the source," he stuttered. 

"Please do" I replied, lifting my hips and offering him my length. It disappeared quickly, slipping between his lips over his tongue and down his throat. It was clear that this was not the first cock he had ever sucked. His moans traveled through my cock and up my spine. My head lolled back as I lost myself in the sensation of a hot wet mouth greedily sucking and licking at my cock. His hands cupped my ass, causing me to move to him, deeper between his lips. He would let me slip from his mouth and then he would be nuzzling my balls, licking and sucking each. Just when I could bear no more he would slurp my cock back into his mouth.

I could feel the pressure building. I was moaning incoherently, praying that well no prayer to the god of lust...

"Oh god, oh god...."

My cock was flowing freely, and he paused to pull my face to his. I could taste myself on his lips. And then I was back in his mouth, fucking his face as my urgency grew.

One hand grasped my girth in his fingers, pumping the skin back and forth. His other hand slid to my balls...the sensation was overwhelming.

"I'm gonna cum" I warned him. He groaned his approval.

It was the felling of his fingers gliding wetly over my asshole that sent me over the edge. He did not penetrate me, but rubbed deeply. I could feel myself throbbing against his fingers as my cock spurted long and thick. His mouth never came off me, and he greedily sucked all that I had to offer him. His hand was pumping, his mouth was hot and wet and I was lost in the sensation of coming in his mouth.

I eventually tumbled to the floor, my cock thick and wet against my leg.

"Whoowee!" I sighed. "A distraction indeed."

We both laughed. We drank from our beers and then I turned to him on my knees. 

"Your turn!"

"Why don't we go back into the bedroom and comfortable," he said. Before I could reply he stood and headed down the hall way. I was right behind him, nearly tripping over his shirt as he dropped it to the floor. "Hey wait, I wanna do that!"

He turned to me..."go for it!" and put his arms out to his side.

I dropped to my knees, my hands racing for his belt. I fumbled at first, but then managed to tug his pants open, his zipper down. As I guided his slacks down his legs, I looked up to see his hard prick just inches from my face.

His cock was long and lean, narrow its length but with a nice head at the end. I may have been thicker, but he was just a bit longer. And his cock and balls were shaved smooth. He maintained a tuft of hair at the upper base of his root, but his swollen balls and shaft were oh so smooth.

"I've never had a shaved cock," I moaned, taking it in my hand and pumping it a few times.

"You should try it, it feels awesome!"

"I meant I've never sucked a shaved cock before doofus." He looked down at me and laughed.

"Oh I thought you meant you never have shaved your...ohhhh." His sentence was lost as I took him in my mouth, my head moving back and forth. His fingers tangled themselves in my hair as his hips found a rhythm. He slowly fucked my face to the sounds of my moans. He would pull out and slide his wet hairless balls over my mouth, his cock slipping over my cheeks. Then he would plunge back into my mouth.

"Keep that up and I'm gonna come" he gasped. My mouth slipped back and forth faster, and I filled my mouth with saliva. I could feel him swell and sensed that twitch that signaled an impending eruption. I pulled my head back, stroked him from root to tip twice and then he spurted hot and wet across my face and chest. I continued to stroke him as he doubled over, leaning against me for support as his knees trembled. I wiped the length of him with my fingers, and then slipped him into my mouth again. After a few moments he pulled out and fell back on the bed. I crawled up and lay next to him, both of us on our backs.

We exchanged compliments as we recovered, him appreciating how I tasted, how forward I was, how well I sucked him off. I complimented him on his cock sucking abilities as well, and then mentioned how hot it was to have his cock so clean and silky sliding over my face and lips.

"Well like I said, there is a plus to shaving. It can be a drag maintaining it, but there are times when it's worth it. You should try it."

"I'd be afraid of nicking myself," I said, closing my legs in mock pain. 

"Naaah nothing to it. I'd be happy to get you started."

"Whatta ya mean....you mean you'd shave me?"

"Sure, could be fun" he said with a wink. I thought about it, but not for very long. 

"OK."

He told me we'd need a towel, bowl of warm water, shaving cream and a new blade. I lept up and grabbed the essentials. He laid the towel across the bed, set up some pillows and invited me to lie back. He sat between my open thighs.

I groaned when he began applying the warm water and then the shaving cream

Hey now none of that he smiled as my cock thickened slightly. He lathered my balls up. His hand was steady as it dragged the razor along its curves, never pushing too hard, allowing the blade to do its work. He applied more lather to my swelling shaft, and then made me smooth. 

"What should we do with the top?" he asked. "A little off the top," I suggested. "But not too much, don't want a big bald spot or have to deal with itching." 

No problem he said. The entire event took about 10 minutes, but it was so erotic. His hands were sure and warm. He wiped me down with warm water and then a dry towel. I was hard again, and I slid my hands along my now hairless balls and shaft, enjoying the new found sensations. He watched me stroke myself, and his hands slid between his own legs.

"Looks like I've enjoyed that as much as you did", showing me his own thickening cock.

"We should do something with that," I said.

"Any suggestions?"

"Come on up over here, and let's see...."

He moved up to straddle my head, a knee on either side. I stroked myself as I sucked him until he leaned back and replaced my hands with his. Looks like you need some attention too...I groaned my approval. With that he spun about so he was facing my feet. His cock hung above me and I strained to reach it with my mouth, taking him in as his mouth found me. We rolled slightly so we were lying on our side, and spent the next 20 minutes in a long slow sixty-nine, pleasuring each other at the same time, breaking off to watch the other, stroking ourselves. He again sucked me greedily as I came, wasting nothing. Me, I prefer the hot splash that leaps from a pulsing cock to wetly crash against my face, my chest. He came straddling my chest again, jerking himself off over my face until he gave me what I begged for.

He left a short while later, and I've never seen or heard from him sense. Since that evening, however, I have continued to shave my balls and cock.