 My first time giving and receiving head goes way back to the 80's when I was nineteen, my best friend Mark whom I'd known since four years of age was my first sexual encounter.

Although I had been stroking my cock for years I'd never been jerked off by anyone else, I was shy around girls and spent most of my spare time playing football.

I'd just turned 19 when Mark threw a party at his place. It was to be a male only party but Richard had turned up with his girlfriend Debbie and her friend Fiona. Debbie had dressed to impress and I was aroused by her outfit. She wore a little red dress that came half way down her black pantyhose covered thighs and a pair of black knee boots with 4 inch heels. She looked hot and I fantasized about stripping that red dress off and placing her hand on my hard cock. I guess the other guys at the party felt the same way? As a consequence I was hot and horny for most of the night.

I was staying at Mark's and wondered if I could get him to jerk me off later? 

Just after midnight everyone had drifted off as we had ran out of booze, and I started to plan my seduction of Mark!

We sat down to sip on our last beers and I asked Mark, "Did you see that outfit Debbie was wearing?"

"See it, I could barely take my eyes off it! That lucky bastard Richard will be stripping and screwing her later! Man I could do with jerking off."

"Me too, your old man got any porn we could jerk off to?" I enquired.

Mark went upstairs and returned a few minutes later a smile on his face, he threw me the cover of the video as he loaded it into the recorder.

"Ladies Night, what's this about?" I asked.

"Dunno I haven't seen it before, but I'm sure it's porn." 

We sat on the sofa and were soon engrossed in the screen action. The story line was about bored wives who were not getting much sex as their husbands were more interested in football nights.

I glanced across at Mark rubbing his cock through the denim of his jeans and wanted to rub his bulge in the hope that he would do the same for me, but I was afraid of ruining a friendship that had gone back 15 years. 

The action on the screen was of a guy playing strip pool with a woman, she was lying on the table rolling the 10 ball with the sole of her black stocking clad foot. My throbbing cock was aching for release. I fumbled with my belt, popped the button and pulled the zipper down, my black precum dampened nylon bikini bounced out into view and I sighed with relief as Mark glanced across at my bulge.

My heart pounding, I decided to go for it and reach across to rub Mark's bulge.

"I hope this doesn't ruin our friendship?" I uttered as my right hand reached across and squeezed Mark's bulge.

The look of horror in his eyes bore straight through me and I anxiously waited for him to swat my hand away. He looked back to the screen as the girl on the pool table was having her red panties removed. I felt his hand fall down by his thigh and continued rubbing his bulge. I now was confused as I was enjoying feeling another cock for the first time. I kept rubbing my own dick wishing Mark would reach across and rub my nylon tented briefs.

My eyes moved back and forth from the screen action to Mark's bulge, I saw him check out my wet bulge every few minutes. After about ten minutes of rubbing denim I decided to loosen his jeans and see his bulging briefs. Here goes then I thought as I moved my hand up to his belt and pulled it open, he made no move as I popped the buttons of his 501's to reveal a hard cock trying to escape the confines of thin orange colored briefs. My fingers rubbed in a circular motion, the wet spot at the top of the bulge smearing down the shaft a little. As I continued rubbing both our dicks I felt my cum start to rise and had to stop or I was going to cream my bikini.

I removed my hand from Mark's cock saying, "I got to go take a piss." 

I fastened the button on my jeans and headed to the bathroom. Once inside I stripped off my shirt and jeans, I hooked my thumbs in the sides of my bikini briefs and slid them to the floor. I stuck my cock in the wash hand basin and turned on the cold water faucet. This had the desired effect and the immediate sense of coming was gone. I took a piss and washed my cock in anticipation of Mark getting his hand on it later.

I discarded my socks and trainers before slipping my black bikini back on, it felt damp around the pouch and I pinched the wet spot between my forefinger and thumb rubbing quickly hoping the friction would dry it a little.

I approached the lounge my heart pounding with excitement, I wondered if Mark would have buttoned his jeans back up? If he had I was going to be out on a limb just wearing my briefs. Going through the doorway I could see Mark's jeans were still unfastened and he was gently rubbing his orange bulge. His eyes left the screen as he looked directly at my tented throbbing bikini briefs. I sat down next to him and reached across to run my fingers up his smooth orange covered shaft.

"I got to go take a piss too," Mark said as he got up from the sofa and headed out the door.

I wondered if he didn't want this to go any further and maybe I'd gone too far? Now was the time of truth as Mark returned down the corridor, if his 501's were buttoned up and his belt buckled then I knew I'd made a mistake. My heart beat faster as Mark appeared, his belt was still undone and only the top button of his 501's was fastened, he was still horny! If he sat next to me then that was pretty much the green light. 

He sat down 2 feet away where I could reach him easily, I reached over popped his button and ran my fingers down his shaft again just as I had been doing previously. I got his knob between my forefinger and thumb gently massaging the fine cotton slowly up and down. I found a rhythm and started to slowly jerk him off.

The action on the screen now was of two bikini clad male students on a stage dressed only in pastel blue and white thin cotton bikini briefs respectively.

I wanted to get Mark undressed to get better access to his orange briefs and his dick confined within.

"You are overdressed," I said to Mark, kneeling at his feet I removed his socks and shoes. 

Mark's eyes were still focused on the screen as I tugged on his jeans. He raised his ass slightly as I pulled them all the way off revealing his bikini briefs similar to the ones on the screen. I sat down next to Mark again and reached across for his cock. As my hand found his shaft his hand fell away to his side, this time I grasped his cock and started to slowly jerk it in earnest. Leaning back into the sofa I heard a low moan escape Mark's lips as I gently jerked his cock. He still made no attempt to stroke mine and I wondered if I'd have to finish myself off? Maybe he just wanted relief?

The action on the screen now had the main lady character wetting the two studs briefs with a water pistol making their cock heads clearly visible. I continued my slow jerking of Mark's cock with my right hand as my left attended to my own needs. The lady on the screen now had gone into a fantasy thought and she appeared on the screen between the two men feeling their bulges. I felt Mark's hand glide across my bikini and at last his fingers found my throbbing cock and it hardened even more. For the first time another hand stroked my rock hard cock, he gently tugged on my boner the same way I was tugging on his. I ran my thumb over his knob and squeezed some more of his precum across his damp briefs. Mark followed my lead and this time it was my turn to moan softly as my precum was smeared in the thin nylon of my bikini. I moved my hand down Mark's thigh a little so I could slip it up the leg of his briefs to feel his cock properly under it's cotton cover, my fingers found his ball sack and I rolled them slowly enjoying the thin cotton gliding across my knuckles. I felt Mark's hand slip up my bikini leg as his fingers rubbed my hot cock paying particular attention to my knob.

The lady on the screen was now removing one of the studs white briefs and I guess Mark was right in the zone of the film as I felt him pull down the waistband of my bikini, I lifted my ass as he pushed my briefs down my legs and I kicked them off. He glanced across at my throbbing cock seeing it in all it's glory for the first time and grasped it gently. His strokes on my cock had become quicker and I was starting to have to concentrate not to shoot my jiz.

It was my turn now to get Mark's briefs off and I kept my hand in his briefs but slipped it around the back and pulled the waistband under his ass. They hung a little loose as I pushed my fist down and his cock catching briefly on the front waistband sprang back with a thwack against his stomach. The briefs fell to his ankles and he kicked them free, I was left to continue jerking a nice looking 6 inch cock, my hand brushing his blonde pubic hair on each down stroke. 

On the screen the lady had slid the second studs blue briefs off and was jerking both men in unison. Both studs shot their load and she was admiring the cum on her hands. 

I felt my jiz rise and moaned loudly, Mark checked out his hand work as 3 ropes of thick creamy cum hit my stomach and slid down to the base of my cock. Mark got up from the sofa and I lost my grip on his cock, I saw it swing from side to side while he walked away. He returned with kitchen roll and threw it to me so I could clean myself up. My eyes were fixed firmly on his swinging rock hard cock as he sat down next to me once more.

The action on the screen now saw another lady getting fucked in the back seat of a car, her black stocking clad legs hanging over the side. Mark had found my cock again and was massaging it again. I decided to taste his cock for the first time, curious to what giving head would be like, but as I stooped to engulf Mark's cock he pushed my head away. I guess he wasn't ready for head just yet?

I returned to jerking his dick as the guy on screen was receiving a blowjob, this tipped Mark over the edge and I felt his cock swell as I increased the pace of my long strokes.

"Fuck," was all he uttered as his jiz leapt two feet in the air and landed on his thigh. 

"That was amazing," I smiled as his cock softened. "I hope that was as good for you as it was for me?"

"Yeah that was cool." he replied.

Although I detected he was a little unsure of the event that had just taken place I'm sure he enjoyed it. I stepped back into my briefs and pulled them back up, as Mark did the same with his. The booze had taken affect along with our high pulse rate no doubt and I fell asleep shortly after.

I awoke a few hours later and heard Mark mumble next to me. He was asleep but I guess was having an erotic dream as his orange bikini was tented once more by his hard meat. I knelt at his feet and grasped the sides of his bikini slowly pulling them down over his ass. I pulled the waistband out from his rigid cock and slipped them from his legs once more. Leaning in my tongue licked up his left ball before opening my mouth to suck on it. I switched to the right ball and sucked gently on that too. Next I let my tongue slide up to his knob head and slowly let my lips engulf his hot pole. I moved my head back and forth not knowing if I was doing it right but kept going for a minute or two. Mark's cock twitched and slipped out of my mouth with a plop!

I looked at his cock for a moment as it throbbed uncontrollably before me, I slipped my mouth back over the head and continued my slow rocking motion. My own cock was rock hard again and I slowly massaged the base in circular motion the nylon covered wet head cupped in the palm of my hand.

Suddenly I heard Mark whisper, "I'm gonna come!"

I continued sucking as he tried to push my head away, but I was curious to taste his cream and kept sucking. His cock swelled as his hot jiz hit the back of my throat, it was an odd salty taste but wasn't unpleasant as I drank the cargo of his balls down. I kept sucking until I felt his cock go limp and then slowly withdrew my mouth from his dick.

"How was that?" I enquired, a wry smile on my face.

"Fucking awesome, that's the first blowjob I've had, what did it taste like?"

"That's something you will have to find out for yourself," I teased hoping he would return the favour.

I sat back on the sofa my cock throbbing in my bikini as I continued my gentle massage on it. I closed my eyes and hoped. 

I heard Mark move off the sofa, my heart beat faster with anticipation. I felt Mark's hands on the inside of my knees as he pushed them apart, his hands slid up my thighs and his fingers found the waistband of my bikini. I lifted my ass a little to aid their removal, but Mark made no move to pull them down as my cock twitched and bobbed within the black nylon. I felt his hot breath on my knob as his tongue tentatively licked the covered head of my dick and it bobbed again aching for release. I felt his tongue slide down slowly to my balls and back up to the tip, gliding easily along the black nylon. He was driving me crazy I'd never felt anything like it. At last I felt his hands begin to tug down my briefs as his tongue reached the tip of my dick once more, the waistband slipped over the head and slid down to my balls as his tongue slipped into the slit of my knob. 

I was close to coming all over his face as my briefs slid slowly past my knees and cleared my feet.

His lips engulfed my knob and I moaned uncontrollably as he took me fully into his mouth and my cock touched the back of his throat. I wasn't going to last long as I felt that familiar feeling in my stomach.

"I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come, AAARRRGHH," I gasped as my seed hit the roof of his mouth.

Mark swallowed down my jiz as I reached for his cock and found it rock hard again, and I knew he had enjoyed the experience as much as I had. Mark sat back on the sofa as I continued stroking his cock, but felt it soften a little and I knew he was spent. I let go of his cock and sat back on the sofa.

It sure was better than jerking myself off and I knew we would be doing this on a regular basis. I also knew I would have to make the first move each time, but as long as I could get him hard we would have fun for years to cum!!