 I recently visited a local ABS that I tend to visit a few times a month. I normally just stop by to do some casual viewing of porn in the booths they provide. While I like surfing porn at home, doing in a somewhat public place with the opportunity to be seen by others is a huge turn on for me! I have found that during several visits, just being watched through the glory holes gets me very aroused.

I am bi-sexual. I really enjoy women but I also love a dick in my mouth and sometimes inside me. At the same time, I do not mind returning the favor by feeding my cum to someone or shooting it up their ass.

This visit was a little different than most. Typically there are several men of various ages, most of them camping in booths and running quickly from booth to booth. This time, I was the only one in the booth area. Not a big deal, figured I would hang out for a bit and actually watch some of the videos instead of focusing all of my attention on the glory holes. A short time later I heard movement in the another booth and eventually he made his way into the booth adjoining my with the 5 inch glory hole. 

Upon my unspoken request, by sliding my fingers around the hole, he showed me his semi erect cock and slipped it through the hole. The gentleman was probably in his 40s and slightly heavyset. He was nicely shaved and had smooth skin. As I began to lick his tip he quickly became fully erect and was happily pushing his dick deeper into my mouth. After a short time, he pulled back and offered to suck me. I took off my shorts in the booth and let him do what he wanted to do. It seemed a little like he was doing it to appease me and not completely for him so I pulled back and requested his cock again. He quickly shoved his cock through the hole and I went back to sucking. After another few minutes of sucking and licking he pulled back and invited me over to his booth.

Joining others in their booths is not something I typically do but this guy's cock had me so horny, I quickly got my shorts on and went around to his door. He happily let me in and I quickly was on my knees sucking his cock and holding onto his ass. He began to really like it when I started playing with his ass. I could tell that was really turning him on! While sucking him I worked my shorts off my hips and then stood in front of him, undressing completely while he did the same. We rubbed our dicks together, both of which were rock hard.

He whispered that I had almost made him cum and wanted me to suck him some more. I told him I wanted him to cum in my mouth. I wanted him to fuck my face and shoot his slimy cum down my throat or on my face! The choice was his on where to shoot.

He stood in front of me while I sucked him hard trying to drain his balls into my eager mouth. I then noticed a nice hard cock projected through the glory hole. I stroked that one with my hand and continued sucking my man. I turned him and sat him on the bench in the booth. While not saying a word, I knew he was getting close. He began grunting a little more and rocking his hips into my face. At the same time, the dick in the glory hole had been exchanged for a hand and arm that began playing with my ass and dick. The whole situation almost made me bust right then.

The best part of the entire trip then happened. My man grabbed the back of my head and forced me deep on his cock choosing to shoot into my mouth. I nearly gagged as I felt his juicy cum hitting my mouth and throat. I happily swallowed his entire load and licked him clean. I knew his wife was going to be non-the-wiser when he returned home. He thanked me and smiled as we both got dressed.

After he left the booth, I sat on the bench and busted a huge load of cum. I then went on my way happy with the taste of cum lingering in my mouth!

I will write about more of my experiences but I must say, since tasting another man's cum for the first time I constantly crave more man cum in my mouth!