  (true story)

Every guy enjoys getting sucked off right? I certainly do. I love it actually. There's nothing, or no better feeling than that. When a girl is on her knees and giving you that look that's in her eyes, it's obvious that they want it more than you do, so whether it's your first time or you're million times getting your cock sucked, the feeling is always fulfilling. But as a guy I've always wondered how it would be if I were in the opposite role. What if I was the one "on my knees" and "giving" instead of the one "receiving"? What if I was the one on the receiving end of a hot warm cum bath? Or the one swallowing? As I guy I've thought about it for many years and always wanted to try it. I just didn't have the guts or know anyone to ask. Have you ever felt this way guys? I have. 

Hello gay porn. Yes, I started to look and watch and even read anything associated with gay porn. It almost became an addiction. I was craving the whole "sucking a cock" experience and even being given a facial... As disgusted as I felt afterwards. I stayed up late nights mostly reading the "guy on guy" stories and by the end of the story I am so turned on that I felt desperate for having my mouth stuffed. Call me gay if you want, although I don't consider myself to be. Can't a guy be curious and just get it out the way. When I wasn't reading sex stories I was watching porn videos. My favorite moment: the part where the guy gets cummed on unless he swallows first. (Notice how many times I've mentioned an act of being "cummed on") I even started following guys in some chartrooms. I clicked on chat rooms with names such as "horny boys over 18" or "bi sexual men" etc. Etc. With one click I was in. It's crazy to just think what kind of things you see now a days and I can't even count the many times I jerked off to another guy stroking himself off on webcam. It was nice to see another dick that wasn't my own and just be able to imagine being there on my knees. Yea, I was turned on. And I just didn't give a fuck about who the guy was. I never showed my face so why not? Those times were really fun. But it wasn't enough. I craved the real thing, the real deal. Dick. 

My first two times with a real cock didn't go as planned. It was by chance that I was chatting with a friend on face book and when he had to log off he sent me his number and told me to text him. The text messages turned from friendly to flirty as it was late and I was in bed that night and took the chance by telling him I was horny and he replied by saying we should meet up. And although I was nervous as hell and held back on actually meeting up with him at first I eventually gave in. He picked me up from work the following day on my break and took me back to his room. There was little to no conversation between us. We entered his bedroom and I sat on his bed not really knowing what to do. He gently rubbed my back and as much as I hated myself at that moment I just undressed and he followed. I told myself I was here for his cock so I did what I had to do. 

So I can officially say that as a freshman in college I experienced holding a cock with my hands and then attempting to suck it. But his skinny and short cock felt like half a Popsicle in my mouth. What a turnoff that was. And I thought the second time around I have a better time with him but no, it was still just as disappointing. Still not being satisfied I kept on with the usual stuff I was doing. 

I eventually found a dating website meant for guys and posted up pictures of myself (no face pictures) and wrote in my profile I was looking for some cock to suck and maybe a little more. It wasn't until the last semester of my spring classes that I randomly texted a guy who had given me his number on the website that I got my wish and more than I bargained for. I drove over to his dorm room. (A good ten minute ride) and what happened at this Rutgers dorm room actually stayed in his Rutgers dorm room. And yes I asked if he had any cameras around.

The guy I met was a black male about 5'8 and close to 200 pounds and because I consider myself straight I ignored how he looked and focused on what I wanted which was his cock! Wow was all I could think when I first saw it. The description? Long, thick, beautiful head. It was more than what I could handle. The only words coming out his mouth were "do you like what you see" my response... (Yes) and so I started out by simply reaching out for it, my small hand only covering about the four inches of his 8.5 cut beauty. I gently tugged at it feeling it grow in my hand. It was so soft at first and then slowly but surely it was fully awake. My first move was to lick the head in circle motions. I guess I saw that online or read about it. I started to lick his shaft just taking my time to get a feel for what was coming. To be honest I loved every second of it. His cock was mine for the night and I was in control. I had no worries about him being dominant over me so I took my time kissing it, licking it, even jerking it some more even though he was fully at attention. And in my mind I'm thinking wow I did this to him. =)

I continued playing with his dick just taking turns licking him all around, stroking it up and down and kissing his beautiful purple head. His cock curved at the head which really fascinated me. I finally opened my mouth and put his head in my mouth giving way to the first inches. Not bad at all. I pulled out and did the same thing over pushing my mouth over his cock...little by little until I was six inches in and couldn't suck anymore of it. Bummer but he was in no rush so therefore I was patient and took my time really sucking him off. Just using my tongue to wet him up real good. Some more kisses to the head to his shaft. I was in heaven. Something about the way his cock looked turned me on so much I felt my own precum dripping from my own cock. (I was naked) I especially enjoyed staring at him while my lips were on his dick. I did try to get him all the way inside my mouth but it was too much for me to handle. I ended up gagging, not once, not twice but more than ten times. Somehow somewhere in my head I was calling myself a "cock sucking slut" mmmmm. 

After what seems like ten minutes of nonstop sucking he finally stood up, bent me over his bed, ate me out (disgusted at that point of having his tongue explore my ass) which is why I prepared two weeks in advance already expecting him to do so to me. After a couple of minutes he then lubed up my asshole, put a condom on, lubed up his cock and slowly entered my ass. Did it hurt? Yes. Did I enjoy it? Yes. I'm used to probing my ass with things so I knew what to expect. In the stories I read the guys that were taking it up the ass always complained or cried about the dick first entering and how they needed to relax their muscles and calm down. But for me I just felt minor pain. I have to say on a scale of one to ten the pain level was a two. Every second of his cock fucking my ass felt exhilarating. His only command was for me to call him "papi" and to tell him to "fuck me harder and faster papi". 

He continued fucking me changing between speeds of slow to fast and sometimes giving me all he had. He also entered all his 8.5 inches inside me. He kept telling me I was "so fucking tight pa" all the way until I felt his cock tighten inside me and him cumming inside the condom. It's too bad I didn't remind him I wanted him to cum on me or in my mouth but too late for that. He eventually pulled out and wiped himself clean.....

My wish to suck a cock was fulfilled by eight and a half inches of black dick. Would I do it all over again? Yes. =) maybe next time I'll get to swallow some cum.