 "Why don't you call him and see if he can come over this weekend?" Lynn asked in response to my question about when we might see Ben again. I took a long sip on my coffee. I hadn't thought about the prospect of getting together so soon and I wasn't sure I liked the idea. I was well past trying to deny that I'd found the inclusion of Ben in our sex life exhilarating, but I wasn't sure I wanted Lynn's and my sex life to revolve around Ben. On the other hand, I didn't really have any reason to say "no" and the prospect of Lynn and me hooking up with Ben held great attractions for me.

"Okay," I said, surprising both of us a little, I think. But when I called Ben from work later that morning, he said—with evident regret—that he had to go out of town for work all weekend. It would have been a good weekend for Lynn and me to just get caught up with work around the house. Lord knows we'd gotten behind with the time we'd devoted to the ménage a trios with Ben last weekend and the fact that we'd been fucking like bunnies ever since instead of keeping up with the dishes and laundry. I'm not complaining. Sheeze! What man would?

Still, catching up on work around the house would have made sense. That's not what we did, though. When I called Lynn with the bad news about Ben, she suggested that we go away for the weekend alone together. That sounded better to me than housework and grocery shopping. So I called and reserved a little cabin in the woods that we'd rented before. It was about an hour-and-a-half out of town, in beautiful rolling hills, with a great hot tub on the balcony, and no neighbors within a mile. We could pack quickly tonight, and drive there to have two nights and a full day and a half off by ourselves.

It was a terrific plan and we had an even better time than I'd anticipated. The air crackled with sexuality all weekend. We groped, fondled, licked, sucked, and fucked like we never had before—even when we were first falling in love (which coincided with when we were first falling in lust). I think I shot my wad about five times, at least once in each of Lynn's fuckable holes. Lynn had more than 15 orgasms. (Women are lucky that way.) We headed back to town late Sunday night exhausted, but very happy.

The drive home was special too. I couldn't remember the last time Lynn had given me a blowjob while I was driving. (I know, I know: very dangerous. So, don't do as I do. But it's extremely exciting.) With all the fucking and sucking we'd done, I didn't expect to be able to get off from this. But within minutes of Lynn's luscious lips surrounding my cock, I was hard and moving toward an orgasm. Just as I was coming to the realization that I was capable of another orgasm, Lynn stopped.

"I have a request," she said, straightening up to look at me. Shit! That's hardly fair. She knew how to time her requests to ensure that she'd get what she wanted. This time, what she wanted surprised me.

"Yeah?" I said noncommittally.

"I want to be the one to satisfy all of your needs that I can satisfy." I didn't really understand what she meant. My thought process wasn't exactly helped by the slow stroking of her hand on my now eager cock.

"Okay." But my quizzical tone let her know that I didn't really understand, so she went on.

"I mean, I know that Ben fills a special desire of yours—one that I could never fill." She paused and then continued. "I don't have the right equipment," she said, stroking my cock especially hard as she said that. "So I can't give you the pleasure of a hard cock in your mouth. But I can give you the pleasure of having your cock sucked."

"Boy, I'll say." And I gently pushed her toward my cock again with my free hand.

"No, wait. I'm trying to make a point." I guess I had to let her make her point before she'd make mine. So I waited for clarity.

"I don't mind that you find pleasure with Ben," she continued. "In fact, I like it a lot. I feel like we're even closer for that because we both know how exciting it can be to take a cock in our mouth, to feel it swell to fill our mouth as we suck on it, and to experience it explode with its salty semen deep in our throat. It's an experience that we can share."

I was simultaneously discomforted and aroused by her description of what we "shared". But mainly, I wanted her to get back to sucking my cock. So I just grunted an acknowledgement.

"But I don't want you to let him suck your cock." I think it was only then that I realized that there had been no reciprocity in the sex between Ben and me. I hadn't really thought about it one way or another. The first time I'd sucked him off, Lynn had immediately taken care of my needs and then he'd left. And the second time, I'd been so embarrassed that I'd cum in my pants while sucking him off that I'd left without the opportunity of him returning the favor even arising.

Now that Lynn raised the issue, I realized that it was a little strange that I hadn't even thought about any sort of reciprocity with Ben when I fantasized about future encounters. Not sure why. But it was true.

"Why not?"

"I told you," Lynn reminded me. "I want to be the only one to please you in the ways that I can please you." Now I was beginning to understand. And she went on to make it crystal clear. "When you think about getting your cock sucked, I want you to be thinking about me sucking your cock. When you think about any pleasure that I can give you, I want you to be thinking about me—not someone else—giving you that pleasure."

"But Ben might think it's kind of weird, don't you think?"

"Ben won't care. Ben's in a kind of hog heaven for bachelors, right?"

"Sure. I guess."

"I'm betting he doesn't press the issue. But if he does, I want you to tell him that you're not interested in that." While she was talking, she was stroking my cock gently, keeping me just on the edge. "And I want you to just leave it there. Don't tell him that it's because I asked you."

"But what if ... I mean, sometimes I might get ... I mean, what if I get really horny when I'm with Ben." This was very uncomfortable. Of course I knew that what we'd be doing when we got together with Ben would involve sex between me and Ben. But talking about this with Lynn was strange. It made everything seem so ... I don't know ... anticipated, I guess.

"Well, if the three of us are together, I'll take care of you any way you want." And Lynn added, with a giggle, "no holes barred." She reached down under my ball sack to cup and massage my aching balls. "And, if it's just you and Ben, you have two choices. You can stroke yourself till you cum while you take care of Ben, or you can just burn with desire until you get back to me, when I'll take care of you any way you want." At this point, she left a long pause—one we both filled in silently with "no holes barred".

I was only half thinking about what Lynn was saying. I was more than half thinking about how I'd like her to replace her hand with her sweet lips and finish what she'd started.

"And, even if you take care of yourself while you're taking care of Ben, you can still come home to me and have me any way you want."

Okay, so this was like a husband's dream. Lynn was saying, in effect, that she'd happily be my personal sex servant if I'd just agree to her request. It was a tempting offer, for obvious reasons—especially since I hadn't really thought about Ben sucking me off. I mean, it wasn't like I was giving up something I'd been looking forward to. Still, I was a little perplexed.

"But I don't understand why you care."

"I'm not sure I do, either. I've just been thinking about it and it feels like you'd be cheating on me if you let him take care of the needs I could fill." She paused and then amended herself, "maybe 'cheating' is the wrong word. I don't know. I mean it would feel like I wasn't able to satisfy those needs."

I still wasn't sure I understood what motivated this. It wasn't as if Lynn was domineering or a control freak. But, I thought, it didn't really matter that much to me whether Ben reciprocated. I hadn't even thought of it until Lynn had started this discussion. So what? If this mattered to Lynn ... fine! And, anyway, what husband wouldn't like the arrangement where his wife would suck him and fuck him whenever he wanted.

"Okay."

"'Okay', you understand; or 'okay', you agree."

"Okay, I agree."

And, with that, Lynn leaned down and I felt the wet warmth of her soft mouth engulf my throbbing cock. She pumped the base of my cock hard and I exploded in her mouth with a surprising load of cum. I managed to keep the car going straight in the lane throughout my climax, though I was glad we were still on the two-lane country highway, and not the freeway. And I was glad there wasn't a cop around. When I recovered enough to think clearly about my driving, I realized that I'd dropped from 60 miles an hour to about 35. If I cop had been following us, it would have been a suspicious change.

After I'd shot my wad in Lynn's mouth and she'd neatly put my softening cock away and zipped up my fly, we drove on home—me with the afterglow of an orgasm and Lynn clearly pleased with our agreement. Our conversation for the rest of the drive included a joint decision to invite Ben to spend the next weekend with us and the beginning of our plans for the weekend.

I called Ben the next morning and we arranged for him to spend both Friday and Saturday nights at our house. He had to do work on Saturday, so he'd be leaving late Saturday morning for the day. When he told me that, I decided that it was probably best. There were things Lynn and I needed to do and, anyway, there's such a thing as too much in too short a time.

Off and on through the week, Lynn and I talked about various scenarios. Most of it was just sexual banter and sometimes we used it to spice up our fucking. (I gotta tell you, it can be pretty hot to hear your wife describe how she's going fuck you, and a friend, while you're screwing her hard.) The only firm plan we made together concerned Ben's arrival. By Thursday night, we'd scripted the welcome scene completely. Everything else was left loose, but I later realized that Lynn had given great thought on her own to what would happen.

Friday morning began like any other work morning. But, just as we were getting ready to leave the house, Lynn stopped me in the entry way. She pulled me toward her and kissed me hard and deep. Then she sunk to her knees and unzipped my pants. This might make me late to work, I thought, but there was no chance I was going to put a stop to it.

Lynn gave me a sweet and fast blowjob, right there in the entryway.

While I was still recovering, she put my cock away and straightened me up for work. "There," she said, "that will give you something to think about today. There's going to be lots more of that this weekend." On the way to work I thought about the "lots more of that"—not only what Lynn would be doing to me, but what I'd be doing with Ben.

Lynn and I were both able to get home early that afternoon. So, we were all set when the doorbell rang at 6:30; the table was set and dinner was in the oven—not that we were going to go straight to dinner, but it would be ready for us when we were ready for it.

I stayed in the living room while Lynn got the door. It took a minute or two before I heard Lynn and Ben walking down the hallway toward the living room. I assumed they were kissing and probably groping a bit in the entryway. I found myself strangely undisturbed by this thought. In fact, I found it arousing.

When they rounded the corner, Lynn excused herself saying she would get us some drinks. She walked away from Ben as I got up and walked toward him. Lynn didn't leave the room, though. We'd worked out the script for welcoming Ben and Lynn had no intention of missing the greeting.

I walked up to Ben. He reached out his hand as if we were going to shake hands but I ignored it. When I was right in front of him, I looked him for a long moment before sinking to my knees in front of him and unzipping his pants. I wasted no time in fishing out his cock, which was already hardening—maybe from his anticipation of what he knew was about to happen or maybe as a result of the encounter with Lynn in the hallway. It didn't matter to me.

As I gazed at Ben's cock and felt it hardening in my hand, I licked my lips in anticipation. But I didn't hold back for long. I took him deeply into my mouth in a single motion. For a moment, I just savored the flavor and feel of his cock, filling my mouth. I swirled my tongue around his cock and felt it harden fully in response.

Lynn had given up the project of getting us drinks; from the corner of my eye, I could see her sitting in a chair, well positioned to view the action, which she was doing attentively. Being on display for Lynn didn't inhibit me—quite the contrary. I found it exciting to have her see me, on my knees, furiously sucking and pumping Ben's rigid shaft. That's how completely comfortable I'd become in my knowledge that this whole thing wasn't a threat to my relationship with Lynn. It served only to strengthen our relationship as we explored new and exciting activities together.

I turned all of my attention on Ben's cock. It felt marvelous in my hand. The shaft was hard but the skin, which moved nicely to the motion of my hand, was soft and velvety. He was rapidly approaching an orgasm, but I wasn't ready to take him over the edge yet. So I slowed down my rhythm and changed from sucking the head of his cock to running my tongue up and down the underside. When I flicked the most sensitive spot, just behind the helmet, with my tongue, Ben's cock twitched with anticipation and he let out a moan. He wanted more, of course, but it seemed like he wasn't in a hurry for this to end, either.

Rocking back onto my heels, I reached up and undid Ben's belt and pants button. Then I eased his pants down past his thighs. Now I could easily cup his balls in my hand, which I did as I moved back toward his cock, planning to take it in my mouth. But I stopped short. I found myself fascinated with his balls at this moment. They're captivating things, really. I stroked him gently with one hand while I pulled his balls slightly forward with the other. I watched with excitement as Ben's balls moved slightly to the motion of my hand.

Entranced by the sight of his wonderfully sized balls, I moved closer so I could take, first one, and then the other into my mouth. I don't like having my balls sucked hard so I was careful to be gentle. I wasn't really doing this for Ben's pleasure. It was all about my own pleasure—the feel of his nuts held gently between my lips. But I didn't want it to be unpleasant for Ben. So I was careful not to press to hard.

After sucking and nuzzling his nuts for a while, I moved my mouth slowly up to the base of his sock and along the underside of his stiff shaft. I think I could have just played with Ben's hard cock like this all night. But I knew that he was eager for release. And while he clearly had enjoyed the teasing, he was ready now for me to bring him to a climax.

I took him as deeply in my mouth as I could. I was no expert on this (yet) and I couldn't get my lips to the base of his cock. But I went down as deeply as I could, repeatedly, feeling the head of his cock press against the back of my throat. And then I began to work his hard cock hard. I was bobbing my mouth on and off his dick and pumping the base of his shaft with my hand. At first, I was using my other hand to cup his balls but soon I moved my hand around to the back of his thigh to press him harder into my mouth.

He was building to an orgasm now and I was consumed with lust, too. At this point, I couldn't have teased him longer, like I'd thought I could before. I wanted to feel that beautiful hard cock explode in my mouth. I wanted to make it erupt. I was hooked on the power of producing such intense pleasure.

I moaned a little as I felt him nearing his orgasm. And I welcomed the touch of his hands on the back of my head, controlling my tempo and ensuring that he'd plant his seed deep in my mouth. I was his—for his pleasure. But just as certainly, he was mine—for my pleasure.

When he erupted, it was cataclysmic. He roared so loudly I thought the neighbors might hear. And spurt after spurt of warm salty semen filled my mouth. I continued to suck and pump his shaft with one hand. The other hand I moved between his legs. I reached back and grasped his buttocks, pulling him into me further as he finished spewing his seed in me. And then I slid my hand forward, dragging my finger through his butt crack till my fingers rested on his scrotum and his spent balls were in my palm.

I pulled off his cock to admire my handiwork. Though softening, Ben's cock was still throbbing in the after-throes of his orgasm. A single glistening drop of semen bulged from the slit and I gently brought my tongue to it, pulling it into my mouth.

Ben staggered a few awkward steps back and collapsed on the couch with his pants still around his ankles. I just rested where I was, sitting on my heels, savoring the taste in my mouth. I realized then that I was incredibly aroused. My cock was hard—indeed, rigid—but it was more than that. I was seething with desire. The feel of my shirt against my chest was erotic; my lips tingled with the taste of Ben's cock still on them; and my hips were rocking, eager to be thrusting my cock into something warm and wet and tight.

Before I realized that she'd gotten up from her seat, Lynn was stepping in front of me. She pulled me up and turned me around so that I was facing just the way Ben had been. Lynn sank to her knees in front of me. And then began an echo of my encounter with Ben. No, 'echo' isn't the right word; an echo can't be as loud as what it echoes. It was a very conscious reproduction—a restaging—of what had just happened. Only now, I was in Ben's place and Lynn was in mine.

She undid my pants and pushed them, and my boxers, down to my calves. My hard cock sprang up as it was released from its confines. While I was working on Ben's cock, I hadn't been paying attention to what Lynn was doing. But it was obvious now that she'd been paying close attention to what I'd been doing. Lynn put one hand behind my balls and pulled them forward. Then she began slowly jacking my cock while she focused her attention on my balls. I knew exactly what she felt and saw. I knew that my balls were rising and falling against her fingers to the rhythm she set up in stroking my dick.

I looked over at Ben. He was still flopped back on the couch, having made no effort to pull his pants up. But his head was no longer thrown back with his eyes either closed or staring blankly at the ceiling. Now he was focused intently on watching Lynn fellate me. The eroticism of watching a beautiful woman blow a man was, I'm sure, intensified for him by the tactile memories he must have been experiencing in watching the re-enactment.

When I felt Lynn's warm, wet lips on my balls, I looked away from Ben. I closed my eyes and just took in the sensations. Lynn traced the line from my balls to the end of my cock with the tip of her tongue, causing shivers of pleasure through my body. She teased the underside of my cock for a while—I think longer than I did Ben's, but maybe that was just an illusion. Soon, though, I felt the warm tightness of Lynn's lips surround my cock. She bobbed her head on and off my shaft as deeply as she could and pumped the base of my cock with her clenched fist.

"What a beautiful sight," I thought, when I looked down at Lynn's head moving faster and faster along my cock. I looked over at Ben again and saw that he was holding his cock in his hand, stroking it gently and slowly. It was clear that he wasn't trying for another orgasm so soon. He just needed some stimulation to accompany the show.
