 This is my first submission so please go easy on my. This story is part fact part fantasy.

*****

This occurred a couple years ago when I was in college. I was your model American college student, nothing exceptional. I'm 5'10, 170 lbs, and have a modest 6 inch cut cock. I trim my pubic area and shave my balls (love how soft and smooth they are). I was a happy-go-lucky guy, the only thing that really bugged me was that I was a virgin. Not that I'm bad looking or hadn't had the opportunity, I was worried either I wouldn't be good or didn't want to take advantage of some inebriated coed.

One Friday night the summer after I had turned 21, I took to the bars by myself. Most of my friends had gone home for the summer or were attending the annual music festival held just outside of town. I had gone out early so as to miss the crowd that would be coming from the concert grounds later on. A few hours later, a little drunk and disappointedly alone I was walking back to my apartment. All of a sudden a car came to a stop near me and a male voice asked what I was up to. I responded I was on my way home from the bars. He asked how they were to which I answered pretty empty but that would soon change once the concert crowd came in. He was friendly and I was tipsy so I decided to chat with the stranger in the car. It wasn't too long into our talk when he asked if I had a girlfriend and I informed him that I did not. I began to become suspicious of him at this point but decided to continue chatting as he was a nice guy. The conversation then steered to what my sexual experience was, which being a little loose lipped I let it be known that I had none. Normally I had kept it to myself that I was a virgin, I didn't really want the public to know. As you can imagine I wasn't too proud of the fact I had not had sex yet at 21. 

He asked if I had ever done anything with a guy. I explained coming from where I did it would've been highly looked down upon, but that the thought had crossed my mind. I mean I had watched plenty of porn and read stories and like most people I enjoyed watching a big hard cock compared to a shrimpy little thing. Seeing guys finish on a chicks face or body was hot.

He then shocked me by asking if I wanted to hang out and have a few drinks. Being somewhat tipsy and wanting a friend to hang out with I decided, "what the hell, why not?" I said I'd like that. He invited me into his car, saying he only lived a few blocks away, so I hopped in. We soon arrived at a nice looking duplex. He explained his roommates were gone for the summer and he had the place to himself. Once inside he offered me a beer which I readily accepted. We watched some tv and drank our beers with minimal talking. Once finished he grabbed another round and set about finding something else to watch. He discovered one of the many cheesy porn flicks on Cinemax and asked if I minded. "Not a problem" I stated.

We soon talked about the awful acting and terrible sex scenes and I described how some friends and I made a drinking game out of a porn. He was intrigued and suggested we do the same. "Beer and porn" not a bad combo so I readily agreed. We made our rules and soon the game was afoot. 

An hour or so and a few beers later the movie ended and we were both pretty lit. I went to use the bathroom and returned to find him grasping his cock through his shorts. Seeing him slowly stroking his cock made my cock twitch in my pants. I thought I hadn't been noticed but he caught me off guard when he looked over at me and said it was ok, he knew I was watching. I slowly and awkwardly entered the room saying I was sorry for having watched him. He said it was fine, and that he was sorry, the beer and porn had gotten him horny and he couldn't help but give himself a little stroke while I was gone.

He asked if I were horny too, to which I replied I was. He began stroking himself through his shorts and said he didn't mind if I did the same but he needed to relieve himself. I was a bit taken aback but decided "what the hell", it was his house after all and the porn and booze had me horny as well. My cock had grown hard as well as I stole glances at him as he continued to rub his bulge. I couldn't believe the thoughts running through my head!

Soon enough he raised his hips and lowered his shorts freeing his cock for all to see. I looked over and had to admit I was impressed with his hard cock sticking up. "But I'm straight" I reminded myself and forced myself to turn my attention back to the tv. This worked and after a while I got comfortable with this stranger masturbating beside me, until he upped the ante. 

As I was focused on the movie that had started I felt a hand gently grasp my cock through my shorts. I flinched at first contact but as the grasp turned into groping I couldn't help but give in to the pleasure his hand was giving me.

"There, that isn't so bad, is it?" he quietly whispered as he continued feeling my hardness. Once I became used to the feeling he took me a step farther and slipped his hand inside my shorts and took hold of my bare cock. "Mmmm, so hard" he said as he stroked my rigid cock. "Let's free you up" he said began lower my shorts. My body reacted and I raised my hips to allow him to proceed. His hand then returned to my cock as though that is where it was meant to be. I kept my focus on the movie as he continued to manipulate my now pulsing cock. I couldn't believe what was happening, here I was on a stranger's couch drunk and getting a handjob.

That all changed a minute or two later when I felt him move from his position on the couch. Slowly he moved to the floor in front of me and prodded my legs to open. Once they were open he moved between them and leaned in close, laying his head on my upper thigh, while he stroked me. I could feel his breath on my cock as he watched my body react to his touch. Then his head moved and I looked down to see what he was doing. He looked me in the eyes as he lowered his head and gave my cock a long lick from its base to the tip, and my body shook at the incredible feeling. He smiled at my reaction and repeated the lick. He then moved lower and began tonguing my taught balls. I couldn't believe the pleasure he was giving me, licking and stroking. Now a large bead of precum formed on my head and noticing this he gave another long lick up, stopping to look me in the eyes again before placing his lips around my cock head and tonguing the drop from my slit. "Mmmm" we both groaned. He then began taking more of my cock into his hot mouth and bobbing up and down my pole. I was frozen solid only able to moan my approval of his administrations on my dick. I had never felt anything like it as he swirled his tongue around cock while taking all my cock into his mouth. I knew I wouldn't last long and soon began restlessly moving to maximize the pleasure. 

I moaned that I was going to cum which only seemed to spur him on. His head was flying up and down my cock as he reached down and took my balls into his hand. This sent me over the edge and I felt my cock expand as I began shooting cum into his mouth. He had moved his focus to my cock head as this happened and he continued to stroke me with his free hand. This was the most intense, powerful orgasm of my life and I think I shot of quart of sperm into his awaiting mouth.

When my cock finally stopped twitching and began to shrink he raised his head and swallowed my load with a grin. "Mmm mmm good" he stated taking my hands in his. He guided me forward until I slid off the couch kneeling on the floor. He stood in front of me, his cock looking massive as it throbbed in front of me. He took my hand and slowly guided it to his cock and wrapped my hand around it and began slowly jerking himself using my hand. Soon he removed his hand and I continued the motion as if I were meant to my entire life. I was mesmerized, staring at his big cock. He then took my hand and gently pulled me forward until the tip was at my mouth. I instinctively stuck out my tongue and licked at the precum on his tip. He groaned his approval and inched his hips forward. I opened my mouth and received his cock. He moaned loudly as my lips closed around his shaft. I think I may have moaned a little too at the intense feeling this brought about. 

I had read stories about how hard and yet a cock is, and suddenly realized how true that description is. His dick was hard as a rock but it still had a softness to it. He pushed his hips forward until his cock was at the back of my throat and I gagged. He pulled back a little and gently pulled my head forward before pushing me back away. After a few more practiced movements he released my head and I took over on my own. I had always been indoctrinated that a guy sucking cock was bad, but here I was on my knees with what I found out later to be a 7.5" cock in my mouth, and I was enjoying it! I began moving with more resolve, more emotion, I wanted to get him off as he had me. I could taste his precum on my tongue as I forced his cock as deep as I could. On one upstroke I pulled off his cock and lowered my head, taking one of his big balls into my mouth, bathing it with my tongue. He moaned loud and thrust his cock into my hand. I moved to his other ball and continued my assault. Then I gave him a long lick up his shaft and resumed sucking his cock like a dehydrated man at a water fountain. 

One hand found his balls and began playing with them as my head was moving up and down his shaft. He was thrusting his hips forward trying to get more of his cock down my throat. He yelled he was going to cum as I felt his cock expand. I moved to the head as he had with me and began working his balls and shaft with my hands. I soon felt the first shot of cum hit the back of my mouth and swallowed quickly as another followed rapidly behind. He moaned throughout his orgasm as he fired 6-7 cum blasts into my mouth. As his orgasm subsided and his cock began to shrink I let it out of my mouth and looking up gave one final swallow to show him how much I enjoyed his cum.

We both returned to the couch in the afterglow of our actions. After a short time I announced I should be headed home and after dressing he drove me to my apartment. As I got out he thanked me for the fun and hoped we could get back together sometime. I agreed and watched as he drove off. That night in bed I jerked off replaying the events of that night in my head and tried to catch some of my own cum in my mouth, and sometimes do still to this day. 

I never saw that mystery man again, but will never forget that amazing night exchanging blowjobs. 

*****

 I hope you enjoyed my story, I plan on adding more as I go and across different genres. Comments are welcome and thank you for reading.