 The late summer evening breeze felt relaxing coming in through the window of my car as I headed for my all too familiar rendezvous. Over the past few weeks Mr. Dickson, who I now knew as Steve, had been true to his word, he had frequently called or text me to come to his service. Being Steve's personal cock sucker was something that I was beginning to get accustomed to even though it was not something that I was doing by choice. My hope was that eventually the novelty would wear off and he would release me from my bondage. 

Steve liked to change the scenario regularly, one time we did it at his home, at my work, in the park, in his car, in a public washroom. I never knew from one time to the next what to expect. Tonight I was returning to his apartment. 

Steve lived in a very nice newer condominium apartment complex, reasonably high end. I parked my car and proceeded inside, I could not help but feel that everyone that I passed was staring at me, knowing that I was going to Steve's apartment to suck him off but of course they did not it was all in my mind. When Steve opened his door, I walked in like the last time that I was here. He proceeded into the living room and I followed.

As I entered the room I froze, there was an attractive young woman seated on the chair, Steve introduced her as Cindy, his girlfriend and explained that she was here as a spectator to our session this evening, he introduced me as his "bitch". I had learned over the past few weeks that once Steve had decided something there was no changing his mind and to try would end up worsening the situation.

It was obvious by the bulge in his pants that Steve was ready. He positioned me directly in front of Cindy's chair and indicated for me to get on my knees. Without any delay he undid his trousers and took out his erect penis. Cindy took a hold of it with her fingers wrapped around the shaft she rubbed the head against my lips then tapped it on the side of my face. She then instructed me to lick it, which I did. She then positioned it just slightly between my lips and moved her hand down to massage his nuts as Steve inserted himself into my mouth. I don't ever remember him being quite this hard. After a couple of seconds of savoring the feeling he began to fuck my mouth like never before and in what I believe was only a couple of minutes I felt him tensing up. He removed his cock from my mouth and told me to open wide. As I did Cindy took hold of his shaft and from about two inches away pointed it directly at my open mouth. With the help of a couple of gentle rubs from Cindy, Steve began to unload his seed into my mouth, squirt after squirt. Most of it hit directly into my mouth but Cindy deliberately allowed some to spray on my face as well.

When he was finished coming, Cindy slid it back into my mouth for me to finish off. I had not noticed while all the action was taking place but now that things were calming down I could not help but notice that I was extremely aroused I could not remember ever getting hard while sucking a cock before.

When he was completely finished Steve withdrew himself from me and signaled for me to stand up. As soon as I did, both Steve and Cindy noticed, to their mutual amusement, the bulge in my pants. 

Cindy commented that the "pervert" must have really enjoyed having his mouth fucked as she traced the outline of my erection on my pants.

I blushed and looked down at the floor.

Steve asked Cindy if she wanted to see it.

She replied that it might be fun.

With that he ordered me to strip.

I had just finished sucking a cock in front of Cindy but now I felt so subconscious removing my clothes in front of her. First my shirt went then my socks I undid my fly and button and slowly began to lower my jeans. Cindy just sat there enjoying the show as my final piece of clothing, my underwear, was removed. There I stood, stark naked in front of Steve and Cindy, with both of them sitting there with evil smiles on their faces.

Steve led me over to the couch and placed me over the back of it with my head at a perfect level for him to fuck my mouth. He wasted no time inserting his cock into my mouth and began fucking me while Cindy moved behind me.

She slapped my ass and told me that I had been bad getting a hard on in front of her. Cindy continued to slap my ass each blow seeming to be harder than the previous, all the while Steve was pounding my mouth with his hard cock.

Cindy grabbed onto my still hard penis and stroked it a few times then all of a sudden inserted a finger into my ass. I jumped as she penetrated me causing Steve's cock to slide in even farther than usual. She began to slowly fuck my ass with her finger eventually inserting a second finger. I was just getting to enjoy it when she stopped and left. Steve continued his onslaught without missing a beat.

Cindy soon returned and giggled as she approached my ass. Before I knew what was happening I could feel her inserting something much larger than her finger into my ass, I assumed it was some kind of dildo. It hurt like hell as it penetrated my virgin ass. Soon she was pounding my anus at the same pace as Steve was fucking my mouth, The dildo still hurt but I have to admit that it was starting to really turn me on. 

Before long Steve withdrew from my mouth and took Cindy's place, this time it was his cock instead of the dildo fucking my ass. Steve rode me at a steady incredible pace for a few minutes then tensed up and blew a big load of cum into my ass.

I was definitely not a virgin any longer in any sense of the word. Even though it hurt a lot I have to admit that I liked it.

Cindy began to stroke my still hard cock until it came and when it did she had me shoot all over the dildo then placed it into my mouth and had me suck it all off.

When we were finished they told me to get dressed which I did. 

One thing that I had noticed was that Cindy had been recording all of our activities for the entire night. They were developing quite a large library of my deviation.

As I left Steve had me kiss the head of his cock before leaving.

Driving home my ass was sore from the fucking that I had just received and my mind had a hard time concentrating on my driving. It dawned on me that I was becoming a willing slut for Steve.

The water was nice and hot as I laid there soothing my aching muscles but my mind couldn't stop drifting back to the sensation of being fucked by my new master.