 I remember my first time quite vividly.I had never been with a guy before but had for a long time fantasized about it. Allow me to give you a little bit of background about me at the time. I had been married for about 2 yrs but my sex life with my wife was sincerely lacking. I had been going to sex shops and watching video's (gay and straight) and jerking off to ease the lack of sex. At this time I was only curious about sex with other men and just considered it a fantasy. I would often get myself off thinking of a man giving me a blow job and then me giving him one. It was a great fantasy and never failed to get me going.

One day I left work early and on my way home I stopped by the local sex shop. I went in and got my usual 5 dollars in tokens and went into the back and put the tokens into the machine and brought up a video of two guys in a 69. I instantly got hard and started stroking myself through my pants. I flipped back and forth between the straight videos and the gay ones, but found myself watching the gay video's more than the straight. After the 5 dollars was gone I really needed some relief so I headed towards the bathroom to take care of the problem, someone was in it so I had to wait, while waiting I went and started looking at the magazines.

While i was looking at the magazines I found myself in the Gay section, picking up the occasional mags and flipping through them. There was a guy kneeling down looking at the mags on the lower rack, I didnt pay him much attention and didnt notice that he had gotten closer to me until i felt his hand on my crotch. I immediately looked down at him and then back up to make sure no one was seeing this as there were a lot of people in the store at the time. He took my lack of action as a sign that I didnt mind and kept fondling me through my jeans, I was ROCK hard by now let me tell you, another man was touching me and I was totally enjoying it. He moved a bit closer and continued to stroke me. He then leaned in and lightly nibbled on my cock, that caused me to jump a bit and I looked around again, starting to look around. No one was paying attention to us at all, or if they knew what was going on they didnt care. 

He got up and walked towards the bathroom around the corner, once around the corner he stopped and looked back at me smiling and beckoning me over. I dont know what came over me but I walked over to him and entered the bathroom with him. Once inside he locked the door and kissed me. I kissed him back not really knowing what to do next. He unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down a bit as he slowly pushed me to my knees, I moved down willingly as he gently did this. He then pulled out his cock and waved it around at me. He didnt even have to tell me what to do as I slowly leaned in and licked the tip of his cock. It was then that I went wild and sucked him all the way into my mouth. His cock wasnt all that big being about 5 inches long when hard but I HAD to have it. I licked him for about 10 minutes taking him all the way in and savoring the taste and feel of another mans cock in my mouth, he slowly started to thrust into my mouth and being a complete novice to this I had no idea he was about to cum. When he did cum I felt the first blast hit the back of my throat and slide down it, I pulled back a bit and felt the next couple of blast on my tongue. I swallowed these without even thinking about it and LOVED the taste. He had to pull me off of his cock when he was done.

He slowly pulled me up and fastened his pants back up then undid mine and pulled out my cock. He licked me for a few seconds then took my 6 and a half inches all the way into his mouth. Now my wife had never really liked sucking cock for some reason or another and I had never been able to get her to do so for me for an extended period of time. He was driving me crazy with his tongue. I didnt last long and blew my load into his mouth. This was the FIRST time I had ever blown my load in ANYONES mouth. He spit out my cum into the toilet and then brought my pants back up and kissed me again, I could still taste my cum in his mouth and loved it. I buttoned myself back up as he slipped out of the bathroom before me and left. I waited a few minutes and then left myself.

Now I know this was very risky becuase I could have been arrested for indecent exposure and a couple of other laws enacted to bring down sex in porno stores but I think it added to the excitement. I have had more experiences since then and now consider myself Bi as I like both men and women and have sex with both. If you liked my story let me know and I will post some more of my experiences. Until then,

BI BI for now