 [This is in the category of "Gay Male" out or deference to those fragile souls on Literotica who are threatened by any tales that involve man-on-man sex and, to avoid challenging their fragile masculinity, want those stories in the "Gay Male" category. Those looking for true gay male sex stories may be disappointed. In fact, this is a love story between a man and a woman, though it, and the subsequent chapters I'm planning, involve heated, lustful sexual encounters between two men.)

-----

"You want WHAT?!?!"

Lynn was more shocked than angry, I thought, but I wasn't sure. I needed to tread lightly.

"Well, I just thought ..." Then I sort of sputtered.

"You just thought it would be fun to have a three-way with your wife and some hussy. That's what you 'just thought'!"

"No ..." But I didn't know now to go on from there because that's exactly what I thought. "I mean, I thought that maybe we should do something to spice up our sex life."

"So, sex just with me isn't good anymore."

"That's not what I meant." And that was the truth. Sex with Lynn was still good, but there was no denying that we'd lost some of that sizzle that we'd had at first. Playing light bondage games and so forth had rekindled the initial excitement for a while, but then that had gotten to seem kind of old. "But you know that we've kind of gotten in a rut. I was just looking for something to stir things up a little to make things a bit more daring and exciting for both of us."

Lynn paused for a moment and I entertained the thought that she was considering it. I guess she was, but her response wasn't what I'd expected. I wasn't sure what I expected, though. Maybe she would laugh in my face and dismiss it out of hand. That seemed likely. Maybe she would be angry and hurt for a long time and make it clear that I was never to even hint at such a thing again. That seemed even more likely. But maybe, and this is the thought that I was allowing myself to entertain...just maybe, she was considering agreeing to it. She'd once confessed that she and a college roommate had "fooled around a little." She'd told me in a light way, indicating that she'd kind of liked it. Maybe the prospect of a threesome with an attractive woman held some interest for her. But she didn't respond in any of those ways.

"You're right," she began calmly. "We have let our sex life get a little stale. Maybe we do need to make things a bit more...what did you say?..."daring and exciting."

So far, so good. I was beginning to think this could work.

"So, let's spice things up with a threesome."

"Jesus Christ," I thought, "she's going to do it."

"Let's find some really attractive, sexy,"-she paused as if looking for another adjective but then went on-"guy to fill out the threesome."

Guy?! GUY?! What the heck was she talking about? That wasn't what I was suggesting.

"What's the matter mister our-sex-life-has-gotten-stale-and-we-need-to-shake-it-up-a-bit? Don't you think we need to make our sex life more daring and exciting? Didn't you think a threesome would do that?"

"But, I wasn't thinking ..."

"I guess not," Lynn said pleased with herself for catching me in a blatant gender inconsistency. I was a 21st Century post-patriarchal male-at least that's how I talked. Now she'd caught me in a very hackneyed sexist position. I appeared to be saying that what's good for the goose isn't good for the gander.

"Well, I mean ..." I was trying to recover now. "I just hadn't thought of that."

"So now you have," she said looking at me intently. "What do you think of it?"

What I thought was that this was a test. I didn't think Lynn was really interested in a threesome with another guy. What she was interested in was whether I was willing to agree to it if she was interested in that. And, maybe because I was still clinging to the hope that she might agree to my kind of threesome, I decided to say, "Well, sure, honey. If that's something you really want."

Okay, now I'd shown that I'd be willing to do a threesome with two men if that was what Lynn wanted-which I was sure she didn't. She should now agree that she would do a threesome with two women if that's what I wanted-which I did.

"Great!"

"What?!" I thought, while trying to look composed.

"I'll find the guy and get it set up."

She wasn't going to go through with this. It was still a test. It was just a longer test than I'd thought it was going to be. I couldn't say 'no'. That would concede her point and make the prospect of my kind of threesome forever impossible. Let her test away for a while. She wouldn't go through with it.

"Okay. That's fine," I said, not feeling like it was fine at all.

Over the next few weeks, I saw no steps toward the arrangement Lynn had said she'd make. She wasn't going to do anything about it. I was feeling as if I could raise the issue again, after she'd had plenty of time to test my willingness and, when I did, she'd feel pressure to go along with my idea. After all, I'd been willing to go along with hers.

"And, what if she did do it," I thought with hubris (after I was convinced that she wouldn't). "It could be kind of interesting." I wasn't worried that Lynn wanted someone else more than me. I'm not really the jealous type and Lynn didn't do anything to provoke such feelings. "Lots of guys had fantasies of seeing their wives fuck another guy," I thought. I'd never understood why this was true. But I had to admit that I'd had those fantasies myself. "What would it be like to watch Lynn open her thighs for another man's cock? To watch her cum from another man's shaft pumping her cunt?" With false bravado, I convinced myself that I could not only handle it-I would find it exciting. I imagined how hard and aggressively I'd fuck her after the other guy was finished with her. I fantasized about accosting her repeatedly for weeks after the ménage a trios, pressuring her to pleasure me with her cunt or her mouth and taunting her by saying things like, "Come on. You did it for ... whatever the guy's name was. You liked sucking on his cock (or having his cock in your cunt, or whatever I wanted then). Now you're going to do mine." Somehow, I imagined that I would have leverage to demand things from her that I couldn't normally.

I thought so much along these lines that I'd almost convinced myself that I'd relish the prospect of a three-way Lynn's way.

But when Lynn came home one Thursday and announced-casually, over dinner-that the two of us had a date with Ben on Saturday night, my confidence was shaken. It's easy to be hypothetically brave. Courage in the face of a reality is more difficult.

What could I say, though? At the moment, I couldn't think of anything. It crossed my mind that "Ben" might not be a real person. This might be a final test of my willingness. But something in Lynn's look made me doubt this conjecture. Still, I didn't have a clever response that would defuse the situation. I'd agreed, apparently sincerely, to Lynn's proposal. I didn't know how to back out now. I muttered something non-committal, hoping that, if this wasn't just the last step in Lynn's testing of me, I'd find some way to stop this from happening without losing my credibility.

By Friday night, it had become very clear to me that Ben was quite real and Lynn had every intention of going through with this. And I'd found no non-weasely way to back out of it. I felt like I was a passenger on a train that was headed for a destination I really didn't want to visit. But I had no way to stop the train.

The discussion Friday night revolved around Ben: where she had met him; what he was like; how she had broached the topic to him. Lynn addressed this last issue lightly. "You know," she said with a giggle, "it's surprisingly easy to get a guy to agree to a threesome with some other guy's wife, at least once she convinces him that the other guy's not going to go after him with a shotgun."

Well, that comment, more than anything else, convinced me that I was not okay with this. Somehow it made me feel like this guy, Ben, was getting something for free. And that the something he was getting was mine. It was like Lynn had said, "You know, it's surprisingly easy to get a guy to agree to take something great from some sucker who's dumb enough to give it away."

But I'd still found no way to back out gracefully, or even ungracefully but with my integrity intact. The train was moving inexorably toward a destination I was dreading.

I didn't sleep a whole lot that night. I tried to recover my bravado-without much success. What had happened to the "Whoa, I wouldn't mind watching Lynn cum on another man's cock" reaction? I wasn't feeling it.

All day Saturday, Lynn cleaned up the house. I didn't help. I'd begun to accept the fact that this was going to happen. But I didn't have to be a collaborator in the preparations. I watched a football game while she worked, but I confess that I couldn't concentrate on it-especially when Lynn was changing the sheets on our bed. ("Our bed?!" Could it ever really be OUR bed again after tonight?)

Lynn had planned for us to "get to know each other" before we got to know each other in the biblical sense. So, she'd invited Ben over for 6:00 for drinks, then dinner, and then...

The bastard wasn't late. I guess he was eager to that take that "something great from the sucker who was dumb enough to give it away."

Ben was a good looking guy. On the one hand, I guess that made me a little jealous. On the other, I think it would have been even worse if I'd had to watch Lynn get fucked by some repugnant creep.

I'd resolved to dislike Ben. After a few drinks and then over dinner, I found that I liked him despite my resolve. He wasn't an asshole. He was a nice enough guy. It really seemed as if his take on this wasn't that he was taking advantage of a sucker but that he was playing a part in a sexual fantasy that both Lynn and I shared. I don't mean that he was some sort of altruist, doing both of us a favor out of the kindness of his heart. It was clear that his actions were motivated by another organ entirely. But he didn't seem like he was exploiting either of us and he wasn't acting like a bull who was cuckolding me.

This made it easier for me. And I realized that I would make things worse if I acted like a victimized cuckold. The best path out of this for me was to go along with grace. By the end of dinner, surprisingly, I felt better. I'd even flirted with images of Lynn sucking Ben's cock and Ben pounding her pussy. Maybe this wasn't going to be so bad after all.

My newfound comfort-or maybe it was just more false bravado-didn't result in me being completely comfortable when dinner came to an end and Lynn said, "Why don't we adjourn to the bedroom?" Ben got up right away. Sure, he was eager to get on with it. I got up, too. I'm sure my feelings were much more mixed than his, but I counted it as progress that my feelings were, at least, mixed now. The idea of seeing Lynn fucked by another guy did hold some attractions for me.

I offered to pour Lynn and Ben a drink, but they declined. I felt as if I needed something, though, and poured myself a Bourbon. We all headed down the hall. When we got to the bedroom, Lynn indicated that we should begin with me sitting down and watching her and Ben get the ball rolling. This actually seemed like a relief to me. I could nurse my drink and just watch. I didn't have to be involved in any way.

Lynn stood very close to Ben, next to the bed, and he kissed her. Surprisingly, I think the kiss was especially difficult for me. Over the past week or two, I'd fantasized about Lynn taking another guy's cock in her cunt or mouth. But I hadn't thought about her kissing the guy. I don't know why. I guess I should have realized that this would be part of the package. But this seemed more intimate than fucking. I was relieved when they moved on to more sexual contact.

Ben's hands were all over Lynn. I could imagine what he was feeling-hell, I could remember how it had felt to me when I'd first felt Lynn's gorgeous body. I knew that his heart was pounding with excitement. I couldn't see his crotch now, but I was sure that his cock was hardening as his hands caressed Lynn's full breasts and round ass.

When Lynn moved away from Ben slightly in order to cop her own feel, I could see the tenting in his pants. Lynn's hand moved along the outline of a rigid cock. My own cock hardened and I felt the thrill that I'd only read about before-the thrill of seeing your wife excite, and be excited by, another man.

I don't know whether Lynn had been looking forward eagerly to this moment. I still wondered whether this was more of a test of my willingness to have a role-reversal of what I had initially proposed. Clearly, it was a test she was willing to take all the way. But she might not really have been eager for this experience. Whether she'd been anticipating this with relish or not, she was clearly enjoying it now. I guess one thing that makes a woman feel powerful is her ability to provoke desire-lust-in a man. Lynn could see, and now feel in a very concrete way, that she had that power over Ben. I watched as her hand stroked up and down over his hard cock that was now, as a result of her manipulations, sticking straight up inside his slacks.

Lynn struggled a bit with Ben's zipper, but finally she had it down and was fishing through his fly for his cock. While she was doing that, Ben was unbuttoning her blouse and pulling it out from her skirt. He found the hook and zipper of her skirt and quickly unfastened these, too. Soon Lynn was standing in only her high heels and her bra and panties, a matching set of power blue, lacey lingerie.

I think Lynn decided to give up on the idea of just fishing Ben's cock out. She unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants and, while Ben got his shirt off, Lynn pulled both his pants and underpants down to his ankles in one motion, sitting on the bed before him as she did this. Ben kicked off his shoes and worked his socks and pants off while Lynn stroked his cock.

Ben stood in front of Lynn, completely naked, with his dick hard and aimed right at her mouth. Lynn stroked his cock gently, looking at it closely before taking it in her mouth. "Shit," I thought, "I should be angry, jealous, hurt or something." But all I felt was incredible lust. I hadn't had such an urgent hardon in years. I wrestled my cock out and began stroking it. I didn't want to cum now. Well, I WANTED to cum a lot, but doing that now would undermine my other plans-my plans to cum hard in Lynn's freshly fucked pussy. But I needed to feel something around my cock and it felt good to hold myself-I was so hard and hot.

Both Lynn and Ben had their eyes closed, reveling in the sensations they were feeling. I couldn't close mine. For me, the visual sensations were the focus of my attention. I watched Lynn's lips stretch around Ben's hard cock. I'd read stories where the husband now confesses that his wife's lover's cock was so much bigger than his-that he felt so inadequate compared to this bull that was cuckolding him. That wasn't true here. Ben's cock was about the same size as mine. Probably it felt about the same in Lynn's mouth as mine did. But I think that women, no less than men, like a little "strange" from time to time. I mean, Lynn seemed remarkably into what she was doing. She was enjoying the feeling of power she held over this relative stranger as much as he was enjoying her moist lips tightly surrounding his hard shaft.

Neither Lynn nor Ben wanted this to go to a climax. They each had other plans-plans that meshed nicely with one another. Lynn pulled back and looked up at Ben. Ben pushed her down on the bed and knelt on the floor between her calves. He leaned toward her and brought his lips to her crotch. I watched as he placed his lips against the satiny blue fabric of her panties and blew his warm breath against her cunt. Lynn writhed and moaned.

Ben worked his way up Lynn's body, kissing and licking her abdomen along the way. When his lips reached her rib cage, just below her bra, he pulled back, grabbing her hands and pulling both of them up to stand at the foot of the bed. He kissed Lynn again and, while their lips were locked and their tongues were entwined, he unfastened her bra and pushed the straps off her shoulder.

Standing back so he could get a good look at her body, Ben gazed at Lynn's small, but full, breasts admiringly. He cupped one breast in a hand and massaged it gently. Then, moving closer to Lynn, he bent slightly and took her other breast in his mouth, sucking on it and swirling his tongue around the nipple, which I knew would be hardening in his mouth. Lynn had her head leaned back with her eyes closed. She had her hands on the back of Ben's head, urging him on.

I'm not sure whether it was because Lynn exerted any pressure with her hands or not, but Ben sank slowly to his knees, which brought his mouth to the level of Lynn's stomach. He leaned down slowly and again blew hot air against Lynn's mound. As he did this, he hooked his thumbs in the sides of her panties and slowly eased them down over her hips and down her thighs. His mouth went back to its target, but now there was more than hot air stimulating Lynn's clitoris. Ben's lips and tongue had found that tender tidbit of flesh and were having an obvious effect on it.

Lynn doesn't shave her crotch but she has a naturally tiny and neat pubic area and her hair is extremely soft. It was clear that Ben liked what he saw...and tasted. He used his thumbs to pull her labia apart slightly to get better access to her clitoris and flicked his tongue across it with ever-quickening motions.

One of the things that amazed me when Lynn and I first began going out was how incredibly wet she got when she was excited. This chick certainly didn't need any artificial lubricant. She would almost flow freely with sweet nectar when you licked her cunt. Ben was experiencing that now. I could see his tongue running against the slick sides of her nether lips and then back to her now hard clitoris.

Women are different from men, of course. And one of the ways they are different is that, for most of them, there's no reason to hold back from an orgasm during what might otherwise be foreplay. I saw Lynn shudder slightly while Ben was teasing her clitoris. I knew she'd had an orgasm. Not a crashing, knee-weakening, "I have to collapse" kind of orgasm, but one of her gentle but highly pleasurable orgasms that seemed only to intensify those that were still to come.

Ben led Lyn back to the bed and laid her down gently. He lay next to her, kissing her and caressing her body eagerly with his hands. Lynn stroked his cock again, though it needed no attention from her hands to be completely rigid. Ben rolled her onto her back and Lynn lay there, legs slightly apart, inviting him to take her.

I think they were oblivious to my presence throughout this. They certainly didn't seem to be doing anything for show. And neither one ever looked over at me-at least that I noticed. They were two lovers lost in their first sweet sexual encounter.

Ben climbed on top of Lynn and I watched as this guy I'd met only a few hours ago very gently pressed his stiff pole slowly into my wife's hungry cunt. They looked into each other's eyes as they both savored the sensation of him entering her millimeter by millimeter.

Lynn's legs were bent, with her knees up on either side of Ben's hips. I watched as his pelvis began rocking in slow, long arcs, driving his cock in and out of Lynn's sopping pussy. From time to time, he would pull up from her so that he could watch as her breasts flowed up and down across her rib cage to the motion of his fucking. 

At first, Lynn's hands were along Ben's sides, holding him gently, urging him on. But as Ben's thrusting become more violent, Lyn's hands went down to the sheets, which she grabbed tightly as her sexual tension increased. Both of them were in the throes of lust, Ben pounding relentlessly as deeply in Lynn as was physically possible and Lynn urging him to fuck her even harder.
