 I had been visiting someone I found in the classified ads for over two years and I was looking for something more, something a little more personal I guess. When I went for massages, I paid and got what I asked for, but there was little or no reciprocation on my part, which was okay, because I wanted the emotional distance. It made it seem less like I was really gay, more bi-sexual. I hadn't figured that out, but have now and I am quite sure that I am bi, as I am still very attracted to women and men. I joined this phone in service, man line, that you could use to connect with other guys, anonymously, call for hot sexual talk, and if you felt like you and the other guy were attracted to each other you could meet for sex or more. It seemed easy and risk free. So I posted my add describing myself in detail, and when I had free time, I would cruise for guys and see if I could find, the type of man that made me horny and almost hallucinatory with lust; shorter than me 5'6"-5'8", stocky, muscular, hairy, especially in the chest, but smooth on the ass and balls, muscular legs, which made me absolutely crazy with lust.

Well I didn't have much luck and in two months, had found no-one. I went to meet a man who wanted to give me a blowjob, but when I saw him, I balked, no mutual attraction. One night, on a Friday night, I believe, I heard an interesting add cruising to meet right now;

Male, stocky, thick cock, 6" long, strong legs and chest, in good shape, brown hair, brown eyes etc..

I was intrigued so I sent a request to talk. I waited patiently and I got a response back requesting a live connection. We talked hesitantly at first feeling each other out. He said he had gone, as had I to meet people and they had exaggerated or lied about their looks. I assured him, that everything I said was true, smooth, fit, 8"cut, thick, nice ass, in good shape, open-minded and willing to try anything with the right guy. He assured me as well, that he had played football before and had very strong muscular legs and chest, a bit of a belly. Which was okay with me, because that was a turn-on for me, a hairy nice round belly, mm, with a muscular hairy chest, aahh it made my cock throb thinking about it. He gave me his home number and I called for directions. He lived about 30 min away, perfect. I got ready first, shaved myself smooth and clean all over my balls, in my crack, my ass and down the back of my legs, as far as my shorts would cover. I shaved my pubes into a nice small, sexy V, I thought I looked hot, like a male pussy almost, sensual. I wore a pair of royal blue, Calvin Klein bikini underwear, small, tight and high cut. I pulled them up as high as I could and folded over the waist band, so they wear really gripping my aching balls and framing my ass in nice, sexy cradle. I was ready to be rocked.

I walked slowly up to the door, eager, but nervous and hoping I wouldn't be disappointed. He opened the door wearing a grey T-shirt and tight, black Levi's. He said come on in and I decided to stay as his description seemed dead on. As he walked to the kitchen, I had a nice view of his round firm, ass. It was nice, full, I was turned on and that was a good sign. We sat in the kitchen and had a beer and talked. I told him that I had limited experience. I had let a friend give me a blow job one drunken night and visited guys for massage, but no real sex with a man. He shared his experiences as well, which were limited and I was glad of that and he seemed honest about it. I kept looking at his fore-arms; they were strong, muscular, not too much hair, really powerful looking. It was really turning me on. I asked to go upstairs and off we went.

I followed him and had a nice view of that sweet ass up the stairs. We went into his room and I asked if we could turn down the lights which seemed to disappoint him, but he complied. At this point, I felt nervous, not sure what to do, but he was more assured about this and began undressing. I followed his lead and soon he had all but his underwear off, black briefs, classic style, walking towards me, powerful thighs rippling as we walked. I stood in my briefs tight against my balls, so erect my cock felt as hard as a baseball bat. He walked towards me with a look of pure lust and cupped my balls through my tight briefs, which he pulled down and off, almost too quick as I liked having my cock and balls squeezed and rubbed through my briefs. Bites, licks and chewing were good too. He began stroking my aching cock and balls and I moaned with absolute pleasure, completely oblivious now to any worries about being gay or having sex with a man, this was wonderful. I grabbed his balls and cock and they were nice, bigger balls than mine, thick and full and his cock was exactly as he had said, 6" long and thick. I pulled his underwear off and we stood facing each other, stroking and rubbing each other to delirious states of arousal. 

He pulled me close and slid his cock under mine and rubbed it against my ass. I reached around and fondled his beautiful globes, he had hair on both buttocks, not much, but I thought about shaving him and how hot that would be, maybe in the shower. He brushed his lips against my cheek and I thought he wanted to kiss me. I didn't know if I was ready for that, so I moved away, but afterwards regretted it, wishing he had sucked on my lips and tongue and kissed me deeply. We fell back no the bed with him on top and rubbed and grinded against each other. He started moving down my chest and soon had my cock in his mouth, kissing and sucking it. Oh man I wasn't going to last long at this rate. I asked if we could turn around, because I was craving his cock in my mouth at this point. I had never sucked a cock, but was dying to and had often fantasized about how it would feel. His cock felt great, rubbery, thick, and really warm, I couldn't wait. We faced each other, although, he had difficulty, because I was taller, about three inches or so. I moved down and smelt his strong musky smell, manly, powerful, and pungent. I took his cock into my mouth and began sucking on it slowly moving up and down. 

It tasted amazing and I could have sucked it all day. I think he grew tired off the position and he moved around and said he was going to get Vaseline for us. He came back and kneeling beside me, greased up both of our cocks, he slid under me lying on my back and wrapped one of my legs behind him. He began jacking off both of our cocks, sliding his powerful hand up and down, squeezing us together. I was out of control by know, panting, moaning and crying out in the throes of a feeling I had never imagined, this sex was incredible and I felt so sensuous under this strong man. I bucked and bucked and cried and exploded, shooting cum high into the air landing all over me and him. He soon came and shot his hot cum all over my stomach. 

The feeling of his hot cum was amazing. We cleaned up and went downstairs. I wanted to leave and stay at the same time. I was confused and intimidated by my complete abandonment to desire and how normal the whole thing had felt. He was standing in the living room watching me with a look of animal desire, like he wanted to take me and throw me over his shoulders and fuck me senseless. I should have submitted. I should have got on my knees, and opened his red robe and took him deep into my mouth, looked in his eyes and begged him to fuck me. The way he was rubbing his cock against my ass, I'm sure he would have obliged. I hope he reads this and contacts me, because, I haven't stopped thinking about what could have been and the great sex we should have kept having.