 You could say I kinda lucked into it my first time as I was not looking for sex with men. I had thought about it on occasion but not really a lot as I was still after that elusive first sex with a woman, you know what it was like. I had certainly never thought of myself as gay. 

I had been out at the park for a few hours one summer day(not cruising though I later discovered this park was a good place for just that!) and I found myself caught short. I found the toilet and went about my business. When I was finished I decided to have a quick wank while I was in there. Hey I was a teenager, when are they not horny. I had noticed a small hole through the side of the cubicle but wasn't too bothered by it until someone came in next door. 

I instinctively stopped in case they would hear me, but for some reason curiosity got the better of me and I decided to have a quick peep through the hole. I got the shock of my life when the guy next door was doing the same thing only with a cock a couple of inches bigger than my own 7". I was shocked but my cock got even harder and I started wanking again. I was so turned on by this time that I didn't even notice that "big boy" next door was watching me through the hole at which point I froze not quite sure what to do. I pulled up my jeans and made to leave. 

The door next to me opened and a handsome guy around 25 appeared. He said that he was sorry to have startled me (I was only 18) but he could see I was enjoying myself and would I like to have some fun in his cubicle? I was still, pretty shaky but I am not sure if that was with nerves or with lust! We turned back into the cubicle and we had our trousers down in seconds. I tried to tell him this was my first time but he told me not to speak and kissed me as passionately as I have ever been kissed in my life. 

He dropped to his knees and started to suck me. i thought I was going to cum right there and then, what a feeling this continued for a few minutes and then he asked me to return the favour. I got on my knees and began to slurp at this monster. i was tricky but thank god I have a big mouth! 

After what seemed like a wonderful hour(must be nearer five minutes) he whispered in my ear hat he wanted to fuck me if I would let him. Without so much as a thought i begged him to. He put on a condom and turned me round to face the wall. As he entered me I felt as if a metal pole had was being pushed up my arse, it was agony I hadn't in my lust for his cock even for a second thought it would hurt like it did. He stopped and told me to relax and for a minute or two he just stood still letting my virgin arse get used to him. After a while the pain subsided and he started fucking me again. For a good ten minutes he fucked my very slowly and I must admit I loved every minute of it. He even reached round and wanked me off until I sprayed cum everywhere. WOW! what an orgasm that was, the strongest I had ever had

I guessed he must be nearly ready to cum because he asked if he could cum in my mouth. At that point I was so high on lust and pure excitement that I would have agreed to anything!

He pulled out, ripped of his condom and sat me down on the toilet. I took his cock in my mouth and started rubbing the shaft. Almost strait away he twitched and started to pump hot spunk down my throat. I was quite taken aback by the force of it and it went everywhere but I swallowed as much as I could and love it. He picked me up and French kissed me very forcefully while I kept on holding and rubbing his cock as if for dear life. 

We got ourselves cleaned up and he left after telling me to look out or him if I was ever around again. I left the toilet after another wank, a very happy man, my first anal and swallowed my first load! I was sore for days and walking funny too but it was worth it. 

I was hooked on cock and a decade later I am still a closet bi addicted mainly to being f**cked rotten!