 This is a true story. If you believe it or not. I hope the other person reads it and knows who they are. I also hope they realise I still think of it. I've changed his name to protect him. 

I met Dick online via Gaydar. We'd been chatting for a long while. He was, and probably still is, openly gay. I am a married man, at the time with no kids. 

We had met one time before and this was the first time I'd ever sucked a cock. I really enjoyed doing it and he seemed to enjoy it too, filling my mouth with his hot sweet cum. This first time was ok but we were both fairly nervous. I spoke to him on the phone before visiting his small flat. I told him that the first time I just wanted to suck some cock. I had never done this before and was very unsure if I would like it or even be able to do it.

I asked him via text message to be naked when he answered the door. I rode to his house on my motorbike. Nervously knocked on his door and could hear him running down the stairs. The door opened a small amount and he peered round. I could see his white T-shirt and felt let down that he wasn't naked. He opened the door enough to let me in and closed it behind me. I glanced down and realised he had half kept his word. His cock was about 7inches long and sticking out in front of him and looked fabulous. He smiled and said "Hi." Then turned and headed up the stairs. I watched his slim naked ass move up the stairs and couldn't help myself. I reached out and stroked it. He stopped on the stairs half turned and said "You wanna do it hear or go up?" I took it to mean up stairs not up his bum. Both of which I wanted to do. Without saying anything I lent towards his very sexy little bum and ran my tongue along his crack. Deeply breathing in the musky smell. He moved further up the stairs and I followed. 

I was, even thought I'd licked another mans bum, still very nervous. We went into his living room, the TV was already on and 2 very young looking boys were going at it in glorious Technicolor. He sat on the sofa and I, in my nervous state, sat on the only other chair. I looked across at him and he was sitting half watching the TV, half watching me, stroking his hard cock. I gulped. I hoped he didn't notice the gulp. "Is that for me?" I asked nodding in the direction of the cock in his hand.

"If you want it." he said. We were both nervous and making stupid small talk. 

I nodded my head "I sure do." He got to his feet and stood in front of me. I reached out, and for the first time in my life held another mans cock. Hard or soft. It felt so hard in my hand. I slowly started to move my hand up and down, not taking my eyes off of his cock for a second. I don't think I even blinked. I rolled back his foreskin and looked at the big purple head. I liked my lips, not realising how dry my mouth had become. 

It seemed I almost moved in slow motion as I moved my mouth to his rock hard member. I stuck my tongue out and licked the end. I felt the warmth on my taste buds it tasted ok. I slid my tongue further over the head of his cock. I held his shaft with my right hand, with my left I took hold of his balls. I stroked his shaft while licking the head. Then slowly I took him between my lips, taking just the head into my mouth at first. My hand still on his shaft stroking him into my mouth. I glanced up and he was staring down at me, a look on his face that seemed to say keep going. I let go of his shaft and took as much of his cock into my mouth as I could. I felt it at the back of my throat and admit it made me gag. He said "Don't choke." I looked up at him and grinned. Then ran my tongue down his shaft and started to lick and suck his balls. I quiet enjoyed doing this. But it was no substitute for the main meal, so to speak. 

I took his cock back into my mouth and concentrated on what I was doing. Dick put his hands on my head. He didn't hold my head still and fuck it. He just held it and let me move up and down his cock. I moved one of my hands behind him and started to stroke and caress his ass cheeks. Gently and slowly moving my hand to slide my fingers between his cheeks. I moved my fingers back and licked them. Then felt my way back around and started to work my finger into his arsehole. It felt so warm and tight. He obviously seemed to enjoy it. I felt his cock twitch in my mouth and heard him moan.

"Dam, that's good." he murmured. I wasn't sure if he meant the finger in his arse or the mouth around his cock. Having a cock in my mouth and a finger up him felt good to me. So I hope he meant both. I took a breath, licked my lips and took him back into my mouth. I licked and stroked him for what seemed like an age, but in reality was little more than 5 minutes. 

Then Just as I was beginning to get a rhythm, managing to take his cock more into my mouth without gagging, swirling my tongue around the warm head while stroking his hard shaft. I felt his legs buckle slightly. "Oh fuck. I'm cumming." he said. I stroked him faster. Licked him more and more. The first spurt of another mans cum hit the back of my throat and I swallowed it greedily. The second, third, forth, fifth and sixth spurt rapidly followed it. I slide him from between my lips and licked him clean. Cleaning his cock of every last drop of hot salty cum. 

He half stumbled to a chair at the table and sat down. I licked my lips and smiled. Looking at back at it now I must have looked an idiot. But I felt like a sex god! I'd just sucked another mans cock and made him cum and lots at that. Not only that but I'd swallowed it all and hadn't spilt any. He sat at his small table looking at me. To my horror I hear myself ask "Was that ok?" was that ok? For fuck sake you sound like a teenage girl. He nodded. I smiled again. 

I got up deciding to leave before embarrassing myself with further stupidity. He stood too. We were standing facing each other. I looked down at his cock then back into his eyes. He lent forward and kissed me, sticking his tongue in my mouth. I pulled back slightly then thought I just sucked his cock might as well kiss him too.

We kissed for a minute and while doing this I reached down and held his cock feeling it slowly get hard again. I knew I couldn't stay and broke the kiss. "I have to go." He nodded. "I'll come back soon though?" And again he nodded. I bent over and kissed his cock goodbye. Stood up, turned went down the stairs and left. I rode my motorbike home, the whole way I could taste his cock on my lips. Could feel his hardness in my mouth. I can still feel it now if I close my eyes and it was nearly 10 years ago. I did of course return and we had much more fun. More of that later.