 I had been invited to a 2 1/2 day medical symposium in Atlanta sponsored by a pharmaceutical company. I had looked forward to this meeting not only for the meeting content but to see colleagues that have mutual medical research interests. The meetings are well attended since new research findings are usually announced here before they are published in medical journals.

During the morning break, I ran into a doctor from North Carolina that I had met earlier in my career, at a similar meeting. He was a featured speaker at that meeting and I was quite impressed with his presentation. I ended up having dinner with Tony and several of his friends that night. Looking back, the attention he gave me in front of his colleagues was instrumental in launching my medical consulting career. Since then, I have not hesitated to call him about specific patients for an additional opinion. 

Over coffee, Tony and I caught each other up on what was happening in each of our worlds. It was great to see him again. I really enjoy being around him and he seemed to feel the same way. He is married with several children and I have been married for only a year. Although he was several years older than me, I really enjoyed being around him. We made plans for dinner that evening and he asked me to come by his room whenever I finished my last workshop and we'd decide where we would go. I had driven to the meeting and had a car. He suggested that we not invite anyone else and just relax and enjoy the evening.

For some reason, I was looking forward to having dinner with him without others. Tony is from North Carolina and also enjoys golf, fishing, and football. We would have a lot to talk about. When I got to his room, I got the impression he wasn't in a hurry to leave. He made me a drink from the mini-bar in the room and sat down in the chair. Since he is usually a workshop facilitator or speaker at these meetings, he was given a much nicer room. 

After we sat down with our drinks, he surprised me by asking if I had ever seen a Playgirl magazine. Totally caught off guard by the remark, I said "Of course not! I would rather see women in centerfolds." He laughed and told me that he had picked one up at a newsstand, out of curiosity, and wanted to show me something. He went to his briefcase and took out a Playgirl magazine that was featuring "college hunks" He said that the pictures of the male models had to have been "doctored" since each pf the models had such huge cocks. He reminded me that the male penis should average about 5 ½ to 6 inches and that every guy in this magazine all seemed to have cocks that were at least 7-9 inches. He flipped through each page pointing to the pictures, running his finger over the length of each guy's cock. I had never seen the magazine before other than on a newsstand shelf. 

I was feeling somewhat embarrassed sitting here with a guy, a professional colleague at that, talking about guy's cocks. Furthermore, I was finding myself becoming somewhat aroused at the whole scene. My face was flushed and I found it difficult to even look him in the eyes as he spoke. He kept saying that he couldn't believe that "that many guys could have such large cocks". He said that he had given many, many physical examinations and he was convinced that the averages were correct. He asked what I thought about it and I was having difficulty answering him since my cock is larger than any of the guys shown in that magazine. 

I must have mumbled something and he kept saying he knew that he was normal size and first thing I know, he unzips his trousers and removes his cock to compare with the guys shown in the pictures. He appeared to be about 6 ½ inches I guess and I was becoming further aroused looking at him. He asked if I was in the normal range and I mumbled that I probably was. He asked if I minded showing him and he reached over and started to unzip me. Having gotten caught up in the whole thing, I allowed him to unzip my pants and he could see the full ness of my huge cock in my underwear immediately. He said "God damn, you are bigger than they are". He pulled my cock out and in doing so, it reached its maximum length of about 9 ½ inches. His cock was hard and at attention by now. He couldn't take his eyes off of my cock and I was embarrassed that I was thoroughly enjoying his hands on my cock. 

Although I am quite athletic and have spent my share of hours in the locker rooms showering with guys, I, like most guys, have never looked closely at others cocks. I have had remarks made about my "horsecock" but usually laughed it off as joking and went about my business. This male-male talk was quite erotic and I was all caught up in it. He asked if I minded him looking closer at it, stating he had never seen one as large as mine. I sat down in the chair and he kneeled down beside me and continued to fondle it and I was in a full state of arousal not even sure that I could hold back. He didn't ask but took it in his mouth and started to suck on it. I can't describe the difference in how it felt as compared to my wife or girls that I had dated before getting married. He knew exactly what to do that sent me over the edge. I tried to pull away but he held on as I shot off in his mouth. I felt like I had never cum that much before. As he took it out of his mouth, he stood and remarked that even after that, I was still so much larger than his at full erection. He stood and his cock was now in front of me. He placed my hand on it and I was surprised at how good it felt in my hand. I stroked it and in a few minutes he was cumming, also. At this point, we had practically all our clothes on the floor and he invited me to shower. He started the shower and as I entered, he followed me. He washed me completely continuing to play with my cock. We dried each other and fell on the bed, repeating everything again and again. I left his room after midnight with no regrets that neither of us had missed dinner.

At the meeting the next day, Tony seemed to avoid me and I was glad. I wouldn't know what to say. At the afternoon break, he informed me that he had ordered dinner for us in his room at 7 pm. He smiled and walked away.

Needless to say, I didn't wear a coat and tie as I made my way to his room that evening. We had a great dinner and he ordered an "x-rated" movie on the TV and we had a repeat of the prior evening... 

We had breakfast with the others attending the meeting and when it concluded at mid-morning, I dropped him off at the airport. We compared our schedules and promised to make e very effort to be at the next one scheduled for later that year. I knew that I would be seeing Tony again.