 Burt proved himself to be quite the lover and fucked me almost every hot summer night in Tampa. Although he had initially threatened to out me in front of my co-workers and forcibly fuck all of his friends, he ended up keeping me for himself. But my time in Tampa was winding down and I was almost afraid to tell him. Being the non-confrontational submissive slut that I was, I simply packed up and escaped without a word. 

I started a new nursing rotation back in my hometown of Atlanta. I had many fond memories of this city, namely Roger, and of course, Will. 

However, I was starting anew so I had no intention of hooking up with either of those men. Moving back created quite a bit of anxiety, since I had fallen out of touch with most of my friends and the solitude began to make me feel even more anxious to get out and make new friends. 

I was also horny. I had time to reflect on my past adventures, both during and after college. I was only 27 years old, but I was sure that I had been with at least 20 men. I was so used to seeing Burt's big head between my thighs every night that it was hard for me sleep by myself in my new apartment in Atlanta. 

I got back to the dating website which had originally landed me Roger. After extensive searching I found a profile for a man named Steve. Steve looked liked a gentle old grandpa, with his hair neatly parted to the side, thick rimmed glasses and sweet smile. He had a link to an Instagram page which took me to several albums which showed a group of men partaking in different activities such as hiking and playing card games at members' homes. I got excited looking at the pictures, several of which showed big old bushy bears sitting around tables playing cards. I did not see very many younger guys, which was kind of a plus for me. I messaged Steve my information, including my phone number and played the waiting game. A few days later, I received a phone call. It was Steve. 

"Hi there, I got a message asking me to give you a call, is this, R-Raj? Is that correct?" Steve inquired. 

I was nervous and my heart was racing but I was able to answer in the affirmative. I told him that I was interested in meeting up and that I had seen pictures from events that he hosted. 

"Sure, actually, I've got kind of a small meet-n-greet that I was planning to have this coming Friday, and you are certainly most welcome to show up if you please!" Steve said. 

I took down his address and then counted the days until Friday. 

Unfortunately, I was scheduled to work that day and though my shift officially ended at 7 pm, I had loose ends to tie up and thus I stayed almost an hour late. I rushed home and showered and threw on some shorts and a zip-up fleece jacket and drove to Steve's place. 

The party was scheduled to start at 7:30 pm and I was obviously almost 2 hours late but I didn't want to call him out of fear that he would tell me that the party was over. 

Anticipation and lust built up inside of me as I pictured Steve going down on me. 

He listed himself at 6'0 and 200 lbs which told me that he was not on the heavy side either, and this was also disappointing. I was, however, horny and getting desperate for dick and so I had to mentally prepare myself to take him in. 

His house was the last house on the street of a small neighborhood. I pulled up to the driveway and parked. 

I walked up to the door and rang the bell. I unzipped my fleece down to my nipple level and tried to make myself look as seductive as I possibly could. I noticed that there were 2 other cars in his driveway. 

The door opened, "You must be Raj! Come on in!" Steve boomed. 

Steve definitely looked older and much fatter than in his profile picture. Hope was restored and my mood definitely improved as I checked him out. 

"Oh my! You look wonderful. Very attractive young man. Even more so than what I saw in those pictures you sent me of yourself," he professed. I gushed with embarrassment but I was not surprised by his comments. I had been killing myself in the gym and had picked up road biking so I was certain that I was in the best shape of my life at this point. 

I heard some loud whistles and low groans of approval. 

"Well, helloooo there!" a deep baritone voice said. I walked into the living room area and 2 men were seated on 2 of the sofas. 

One was a black man, looked to be in his late 50's or early 60's. Large bald head, deep set eyes, deep wrinkles on his forehead which made him look like a Klingon from Star Trek. He also looked like he must have played football, as his neck, arms, and legs were as thick and monstrous as tree trunks. He had some gray hair on the sides and back of his head. His scalp looked veiny and shined in the light. He had a stubble which was white. He was wearing long basketball shorts and a t-shirt. He stood up to introduce himself and I was immediately taken aback by his massive size. Easily 6'7, he was about as wide as a door, but looked muscular and capable. He flashed a smile and took my hand and kissed it. 

"Raj, right? I'm Rich. You must be the entertainment for tonight!" he cackled in a deep voice. 

I gulped nervously and smiled, "Looks like it, hehe". My heart was about to beat out of my throat as I kept staring at him, fearful of how big his cock might be. He kept licking his lips and would not stop staring at me as he kept his eyes on my legs as he kept grabbing his crotch and seemingly shifting things in place. 

"Raj, I'm Bud, nice to meet you," the other man stood up and introduced himself. Bud seemed like the quiet one here. He was somewhat smaller, but still well over 6'0 tall but not as fit looking and he was also white. He was bald on top with wisps of gray hair off on the sides of his head. He had a thick nose and a thick mustache and bushy white beard.

"Raj, I'm sorry, we usually have more people than this," Steve explained. 

"Usually, I like to keep a 1-1 ratio, old and young. It keeps things interesting and everyone is entertained and no one feels left out. But it's been a few years since we've had success in achieving that. Mostly, the young crowd wants to go out and party, while us old farts sit around and stalk y'all online!" 

"Oh, haha, I don't mind. I think I like the ratio the way it is," I said softly with a shy smile. 

"Oh, shit, trust me baby, I definitely don't mind you bein' here by yourself," Rich laughed. He leaned back in his sofa and straightened his legs out and spread them. I could see the bulge in his shorts, but I looked up at him, embarrassed that he already saw me looking. 

"HAHAHA, YEAHHHH, IT'S GONNA PLOW DAT PUSSY, MMMMM!!" Rich guffawed as the room shook with his voice. He grabbed his cock and I could tell he was already hard. Bud let out a chuckle, "Leave some for us too, Richard."

"Want a drink Raj? Beer...wine.." Steve asked. 

"Beer is fine," I answered back. He popped the cap and handed me one. 

"Have a seat, honey," Steve said, as he motioned to a loveseat in the corner. It happened to be directly across from the sofa Rich was seated in. 

I downed a beer, followed by a glass of wine. All this time, I had been ignored as they were talking amongst themselves about current events within their social circle. The confidence built up inside of me and my lust for cock was augmented by this nectar of the gods. 

I excused myself to go to the bathroom and as I made my way past Rich, he reached out and smacked my ass and grabbed my left ass cheek.

"We ain't forgot about you, yet, baby...just waiting for you to finish drinkin'!" Rich said. 

I finished up in the bathroom and came out and was able to sit back down. I looked at Rich and pulled up my knees and sat with my legs open. 

"Tell us about yourself, Raj," Steve said. "Like, what do you do for work, how old are you, married/single..."

"Well, I'm a nurse, I'm from here originally but been moving around for work. I'm 27, single..."

"Nice! 27 and single!" Bud interjected. 

"How old are y'all?" I asked. 

Laughter erupted. 

"Why don't you guess our ages?" Steve winked at both Rich and Bud. 

"Huhh, oh God...ok, Steve...like 68, Bud, 62, Rich...56??" I stammered out. 

"HELL NOOO, I'M 72 FUCKIN YEARS OLD!" Rich blasted me. 

"You had me right, Raj, but you also had access to my profile," Steve joked. 

I didn't really care about Steve or Bud. I silently wanted Rich but I was also afraid. I swallowed hard, "You're 72??" 

"My turn to ask a question, I wanna know what your pussy taste like, I wanna know what you look like naked!" Rich boomed. 

I looked at him seductively as I could with a "fuck me" look and replied with a soft voice, "Well why don't you come over here and find out, Daddy?" 

"Oh shittt," Rich muttered. As big as he was, he was extremely agile as he jumped out of 

his seat and within a second or two he was sitting next to me. He grabbed my leg by the ankle and dragged me down so that my head rested on the arm rest and he yanked off my shorts. He leaned in to smell me and kiss my inner thighs as I looked at him nervously. My legs were spread wide open and my feet touched his upper back as his huge nostrils flared as he smelled my inner thighs. My cock quickly became engorged and my breathing got faster and deeper. 

"Indian pussy, never had it before! Some fresh meat up in here!" Rich said. I started laughing and suddenly my eyes went wide in shock as he swallowed my cock whole without skipping a beat. 

"Ohhhhh!!" I gasped and my back arched as I planted my feet deeper in his back and lifted my ass up off the sofa, thrusting myself into his mouth. 

My eyes were closed as I kept moaning and his suction was powerful and he made lots of slurping noises as he licked my urethra and the head while groaning in approval. His massively thick long fingers made their way up my fleece and he started flicking and pinching my breasts as he continued to go down on me. Each of his fingers was as thick as my dick. He took one and shoved it in my ass and began massaging my prostate. 

"Ahhhhhh, fuckkkkk, shittt! Ah, ah, ah, Gawddddd!!" I screamed and moaned. I was grabbing on to the sofa cushion and squirmed. Someone unzipped my fleece, and pulled it off around my back but left it on around my wrists, leaving me essentially bound with my hands behind my back. I opened my eyes and saw Bud pulling me up and making me sit on the sofa as Rich never took his mouth off my dick. I looked down at Rich, unable to cradle his thick black veiny head in my hands but my eyes were pleading with him to never stop going down on me. Bud and Steve flanked me from both sides and took my breasts in each hand and sucked me as I squealed in absolute ecstasy. 

They held my hands tight behind my back as my back arched and my feet dug deep into the sofa. I heard Rich laugh with his mouth still on my cock. I suddenly screamed, "I'm cumming, Ohhhhhhh m'Goddddd! RICHHHH!" 

I exploded in his mouth and he kept sucking until I finished. He pulled his mouth off and sat up on his knees and towered over me as he leaned in to kiss me. I could not stop him as Bud and Steve still were slobbering over my breasts and they had my hands held tight. 

Rich put his mouth squarely over mine and deposited my own cum in my mouth. 

"Swallow that shit!" he commanded. I looked up at him and did as I was told. It was odd swallowing my own cum. I had swallowed several of Burt's loads, but I never felt dirty doing it. This crossed a new boundary for me. 

"Now that's a good bitch!" He bellowed. He dropped his shorts and his boxers, revealing an impressive uncut thick and veiny 9" black cock. It was definitely thicker and veinier than Burt's cock, though not as long. I recalled fucking Burt's friend Frank, who also had a big black dick, but Rich's cock was definitely far more impressive. 

I kept moaning and my mouth was open as a result of the two other men who wouldn't stop licking and sucking my breasts voraciously. Rich grabbed my head and shoved his dick down my throat as I looked up at him. He put his foot up on the couch. Meanwhile, Bud and Steve each grabbed a leg of mine and spread them apart and one began stroking me while the other fingered my ass, all while continuing to suck and nibble on my breasts. 

Rich's cock was thick and I struggled to get it in my mouth easily but he didn't seem to care. He kept a smug look on his face the whole time, never breaking eye contact with me. He pulled it out several times to smack my face with his hard dick before shoving it back in and making me gag on several occasions. 

Steve slid down between my legs and started going down on me, and I was pushed back to lay down o the sofa again as Rich straddled my face and lowered his cock into my mouth with one foot planted next to me as he stood. He shoved his big, meaty balls into my mouth on occasion as well. 

Steve turned me on enough for me to have another orgasm, but my mouth was full of cock which certainly dampened his expectations but I had managed to caress his head with my foot while he pleased me. 

Rich suddenly groaned loudly, "OH SHITTTTTTT, HAHHHHHHHHH, C'MERE LIL BITCH, TAKE DIS!" Rich blasted my face and mouth with a huge shot of his cum. It actually reminded me of an old Peter North movie with the amount of cum he was able to produce. He sprayed my eyes and nose but made sure to get it in my mouth as well. He continued to stroke his cock and empty the last few drops before he got off of me. I lay there for a moment, licking my lips, all while looking at Rich, who simply chuckled and smacked my face with his still hard cock before taking his foot off of the sofa and walking away. 

I went to the bathroom where I stood in the shower for a while. Suddenly, I felt a hand on my shoulder and I was startled to find Bud standing behind me, also naked. 

"You never let me get to play with you, Raj," he said rather despondently. 

I sighed and grabbed him by the cock and pulled him into the tub where I got on my knees and blew him. Bud looked like the kind of guy I would have instantly dropped my underwear for back in college. He had a shaved head, big thick nose, bushy beard and a hairy body. He had a small dick, probably about 5-6" in length and not very thick. He had a thick gray-white bush of hair covering his cock but his balls were quite big which was pleasing for me. He also was unfortunately a minute man, which was pretty unfortunate. 

"Oh, ohhh, Goddd, I'm so sorry!" he said as he came on my face without warning. 

We were both soaked in the shower anyway, so I didn't mind. I sucked him dry and stroked him to make sure I pleased him as best as I could. I stood up and we hugged and made out as he stroked me and fingered me. 

We got out of the shower and he dried me off with a towel and massaged me. He held me from behind and whispered how sexy I looked in the mirror. 

We made our way out of the bathroom and into the bedroom where Rich was sprawled on the bed. His shorts were off and his legs were spread open straight in a V shape. Steve was also naked. 

"WELL, WHAT YOU STARING AT? COME SUCK MY DICK!!" Rich yelled at me. I immediately climbed on to the bed and crawled up to his cock and started sucking it while stroking him. He groaned loudly as he grabbed my hair. 

Steve climbed up behind me and fingered my ass before I felt him put his cock at the opening and push it inside of me. I gasped and winced slightly as I didn't expect Steve to have a big dick. He was able to go deep in me without too much trouble. 

"I think Raj has had quite the sexual adventures in his young life!" Steve joked as he thrust in and out of me. "No trouble at all here!" 

"Mmmm, hell yeah, open that pussy up for me!" Rich commanded as he held me by the back of my head forcing me to bob up and down on his dick. 

I had slobbered all over it, and I was awestruck by how big and thick it was, but also by how black it looked. The familiar salty taste of precum filled my mouth and a small puddle of saliva and precum formed on the bed where I was blowing him. Occasionally, he would pull it out of my mouth and smack me in the face for his own amusement. 

Rich eventually stopped me and pulled my head off. 

"Stand up and bend over on the bed!" He barked. 

I stood up and he rolled off the bed and came up behind me. He grabbed me by the neck and forced my face first on to the bed and he spread my feet apart. 

"Keep it just like that!" He said. I felt that very familiar cold lubricant on my ass. I could hear him rubbing himself with it as well. Without warning, I felt him push into my ass. My screams were muffled by the bed as I struggled to take his cock in. I kept writhing in pain and my knees were going out from under me as I struggled mightily. 

"HAHAHA, MAYBE DIS BITCH AIN'T HAVE AS MUCH ADVENTURE AS YOU THOUGHT, STEVE! LOOK HOW THIS PUSSY IS STRUGGLING!"

Steve concurred and Bud stood in the doorway, watching me get ravaged. 

"Rich, you look gigantic, look at your legs compared to his! It's like a tree fucking a twig!" Bud exclaimed. He was recording Rich fuck me. 

I started to relax after about a minute or so of Rich plowing me and I began to gyrate my hips and reciprocate some of his thrusts. His grip on my neck relaxed as he instead reached and grabbed my hands and held them in one of his hands behind my back. 

"Ahh, ahhh, ahhh, yesss. yesss, Godd, oh God, right there, right there, just like that...ahhh!" I screamed in ecstasy as Rich continued to go deep inside of me. 

The force from his thrusts moved the mattress off of the frame and consequently I was on my tip toes. "WHERE YOU GOIN? WHERE YOU GOIN? GIT YO ASS BACK UP IN HERE!" He shouted as he grabbed my hips and jerked me back into him. He was fucking me hard as his thighs clapped my ass and I could feel his big balls smacking into me. I could feel drops of sweat from him falling on my back. 

He reached around in between my legs and began stroking me as I screamed out almost instantly. I had yet another orgasm, this being the second that Rich gave me tonight. 

"SEXY LIL THANG, AIN'T YA? MMMM..." He pulled me up to whisper in my ear. 

He pulled out and threw me on the ottoman that was in the room. He pulled off his shirt and finally he was completely naked. I looked up and saw that he definitely was an old man. He had a bit of gynecomastia, but he had a V shaped torso with a beer gut. His arms were massive and were at least as thick as my thighs. He had quite a bit of hair on his chest and had a line of gray hair on his midline as well. He pulled me off the ottoman and sat down on the chair that was in the room and he pulled me on top of him in reverse cowboy. I grabbed his dick and inserted it inside of me and I perched my feet on top of his thighs. His thighs were easily twice as thick as mine. I grabbed my cock and began stroking myself as he held me by the waist with both hands as I bounced up and down on his dick. My head was tilted back and my moaning and screams filled the house. 

I suddenly felt someone sucking my breasts and I opened my eyes and saw Steve's bushy white head. He was stroking himself and the next thing I knew he was inserting his cock in me as well. My legs were pushed as far back as I could keep them and Rich had wrapped his arm around my body and had pulled me back on to him and then he held my legs open by grabbing them from behind the knees. 

"OPEN DEM LEGS! LET OL' STEVE GET IN DAT PUSSY!" Rich barked again, easily drowning out my screams. 

Steve was able to push himself in before I could understand what was happening, I was getting DP'ed by two old bears. I screamed in ecstasy as I had a fourth orgasm though I was pretty much empty by this time. 

"KEEP SCREAMIN' LIKE A $5 HO! ANNNNHHHH, AHHHH SHIT! FUCK!!" Rich boomed loudly. 

Loud groans followed as both Steve and Rich seemed to have orgasms almost simultaneously. Unfortunately we were in a position where I could not easily get off of them to swallow so they both emptied inside of me. 
