 I don't remember the first time I thought about men as sexual partners. I knew I wasn't gay because the sight of a naked woman definitely turned me on, but for some reason I would have thoughts of naked men and not just any men.....Black men.

I am not real sure where the thoughts came from, but they were pretty vivid. I had watched a lot of porn when I was younger and I remember the first time I saw a black cock, I thought to myself man I wish I had one that big, but alas that dream never came to fruition. This story is about my first experience with cock....a big black cock.

It was November of 1995. I was 21 and in the Navy, being stationed in Alameda California was nice and if I wanted to go to San Francisco all I had to do was catch a bus at the end of the pier and pay $1.25. Now on our way we stopped off in Treasure Island and picked up a few more sailors from the Damage Control school. On this particular day a few of them were talking about a band that they were going to see at a bar just a few blocks outside of Chinatown. Being a fan of live music I sort of tagged along and after a 20 minute walk we found the bar.

Unfortunately after about 10 minutes I realized that this band wasn't that good and decided not to waste anymore of my time. I left the bar unnoticed by my new friends and headed off to find adventure elsewhere. Now I didn't have to go far because right next door was a sex shop. Being from Kansas I had never been inside one of these so I thought what the hell. I went inside and looked around for a couple of minutes until something in the back caught my eye. As I walked down the hallway I noticed a bunch of little rooms with doors on them. Needless to say I was quite surprised when a door opened up in front of me and a man walked out. I could see porn playing on a television monitor in the corner. I quickly went inside and locked the door. I noticed that there was a slot at the bottom for money and I reached into my pocket. At first it was just one dollar bills, but just as it was getting good it would shut off. I said fuck it and slid a $20 into the machine, which bought me roughly two hours. 

About 15 minutes in I noticed a hole in the wall roughly 15 inches from my face. I looked through it and saw a young black man sitting in a chair stroking a massive cock. Now I don't know why but I could not take my eyes off of it. After what seemed like a few seconds I looked up and noticed the guy looking at me. I quickly backed away from the whole and went back to watching the television. What happened next shocked me; the guy stuck his dick through the hole.

I know now that these are glory holes, but back then I had no idea that these things even existed.

I sat there for a few minutes and looked at it 

before sticking my hand out and touching it. Just touching caused it to move and a voice in the back of my head told me to suck it. I had always thought about it and now was my chance. It would be completely anonymous. I got down on my knees in front of it. Slowly stroked it with my hand and then finally got up the courage to put the head of it in my mouth. I started off slow, doing a lot of thinking. Trying not to use my teeth and trying to get it in my mouth and wondering if he was enjoying it. His cock was rock hard so I am going to guess that he was enjoying it. I started off slow but soon I was in a rhythm and getting about 2 inches of it in my mouth. Then without warning he pulled his cock out of the hole and he was gone. I heard him leave the room and I got up from the floor, a few seconds later I heard a knock on my door, curiosity drove me to walk over and open it up and there he was standing outside the door. He pushed his way in and locked the door behind him. I took a few steps back and he walked further into the room. When he was in the center of the room he lifted his shirt and dropped his pants. He told me to get down on my knees and finish the job, without hesitation I was on my knees sucking his cock. He was grabbing my head and forcing it on to his cock further; I was choking, but getting more of it in. He finally settled for half of his cock in my mouth and we worked up a nice rhythm once again. I spent the next 15 minutes on my knees sucking 10 inches of beautiful black cock thinking to myself that I was definitely going to do this again.

Then he told me to take my pants off and get on the chair on my knees. He asked me if I had ever been fucked before and I said no. I hadn't really planned on going this far ever in my life with another man, but I found myself doing as I was told. I saw him reach into his pocket and roll a condom onto his dick. He spit on my asshole and I felt him place the head of his cock at my virgin entrance.

He was gentle in the beginning and had a little trouble getting the head of his massive cock in my tight ass, but soon I felt my asshole release and felt his head pop in. It hurt a little, but wasn't anything I couldn't handle, however that was about to change. I felt him grab my hips and with each thrust he forced more of his cock into my ass. Soon the pain was pretty intense and I hate to say it but I was tearing up. I asked him to stop but my pleas fell on deaf ears. He didn't stop until I felt his nuts hitting mine, by now I am in excruciating pain and just hoping that he finishes soon, but he didn't finish for what seemed like hours. After about 30 minutes the pain started to subside. It didn't feel good it just started to hurt less and then I felt him pick up some speed, before he convulsed a few times and then stopped moving all together. I was thankful when he pulled his now limp cock out of my ass and let go of my hips. Neither of us said anything as we got dressed. He left the room first and I waited until my time was up. After 15 more minutes the television screen went blank and I exited the room. Caught the bus back to the boat and lost myself in my thoughts.

The cock sucking was fun, but the ass fucking was not and I swore I would never do that again....Of course I did do it, but that is for another time.