 I have always been bicurious but I have never acted on these urges. That is until a couple of years ago. I have a friend that is gay and we have been friends ever since we were kids. I never told him that I was bicurious. I had asked him questions about his experience with men but it was always out of general curiosity and I never said anything about being interested in men. 

My friend's name is Javier. He is a very good looking guy. He is 5'11", trim and fit, dark hair, coco brown skin and dark eyes. I think I have always been attracted to him but I really started to notice how attracted to him I was a couple of years ago. 

Two years ago Javier and I decided to take a trip to New York. We had both been working a lot that year and we both needed a vacation. We stayed in a really nice hotel near Central Park. We did all the normal touristy things and went and saw all the sites. We went and saw a play. We were having a great time. 

As our trip was getting towards the end Javier told me that he really wanted to go check out this gay club he had heard about from a friend. I had been to gay clubs with Javier before so it was no big deal. We got dressed up and left to go to the club.

The club was pretty busy and it was a really nice place. We headed for the bar when we got there and got a couple of drinks. We found a table and sat down.

After a couple of minutes Javier leaned in towards me and said, "I have been having such a great time on this trip Brian. I am so glad we came." 

"Me too. I really needed this vacation."

We talked for a bit about what we had enjoyed the most and had several more drinks. We had been at the club for a while and we were both feeling a little buzzed and Javier suggested we head back to the hotel.

When we got back to our room i made us a couple of drinks with the alcohol form the mini bar. We sat on the couch and chatted some more. I was buzzed and I got up the courage to ask Javier about having sex with men. 

"Javier can I ask you something?"

"Sure. You know you can ask me anything."

"Is sex with men good?"

"Oh man it is amazing. Guys know what other men want. They really know how to please other men."

"I have just been wondering about it lately."

Javier looked at me and grinned. "Do you think you are gay Brian?"

"No. I know that I like women and I know that I enjoy having sex with them. I have just been curious about what it is like to be with another man."

"So are you bi then?"

"I don't. I guess. I mean I have watched some gay porn to see what it is like. The more and more I think about it the more turned on I get. I guess I just haven't found anyone that I could do it with."

Javier put his drink on the coffee table and then looked at me. "Well what if you tried with me?"

I laughed nervously. Scared that my most recent fantasy may be coming true very shortly. "I mean it's not like I haven't thought about it. But, would it make things weird between us?"

"It doesn't have to. We can make it what ever we want."

I looked at Javier and I put my drink down. "Ok. Let's do this."

I leaned over and kissed Javier. He kissed me back passionately. He reached up put his hand on my cheek and then ran his hands through my hair. He moved his tongue around the inside of my mouth. Javier climbed on top of me straddling me. He continued to kiss me passionately. He began to grind on my lap as we kissed. My cock began to get hard. I could feel Javier's getting harder as well. I moved my hands down his back to his ass. I squeezed it pushing him harder against my body. 

I began unbuttoning Javier's shirt. He pulled away from our kissing and took off his shirt. I admired his body and ran my hands over his chest and stomach. Javier kissed me one more time then he got up from my lap.

"Get up."

I stood in front of Javier. He began removing all of my clothes. When he was finished I was standing naked in front of him. My 8" cock completely erect. Javier admired me and gently cupped my balls and moved his hand up the shaft of my cock.

I reached over and undid Javier's pants and removed his pants and underwear. His cock was 9" long and completely hard. I looked at it for a minuet and then reached out and touched it. It was even harder than it looked. it felt amazing. 

Javier moved closer to me and kissed my neck and then kissed down my chest and stomach until he was kneeling in front of me. He took my cock in his hand and gently kissed the head. Then he took my cock in his mouth and began sucking it. He took me in his mouth until his lips were at the base of my cock. It felt amazing. With my cock in his mouth he began massaging my balls. I leaned my head back and moaned. i ran my hands through his hair as he sucked my cock. His lips pulled at my cock as he sucked it as hard as he could.

"Javier that feels amazing."

He pulled his mouth off of my cock, "Your cock feels amazing in my mouth. Come over to the bed and lie down."

I moved over to the bed and lay down. Javier got on top of me straddling my face. He leaned down and took my cock in his mouth and continued to such it. His hard cock was hanging in front of my face. I opened my mouth and took his cock and began sucking it. I sucked his cock as hard as I could. I ran my hands down his back to his ass and caressed it. I could hear Javier moaning as I sucked his cock so I must have being doing something right. 

After sucking Javier's cock for a while i licked up his shaft to his balls and began sucking on them. Javier began moaning louder. I flicked his balls with my tongue and then licked up his scrotum to his ass hole. I spread his cheeks further apart and ran my tongue around his asshole. I pushed on his ass with my tongue using my saliva to get it nice and wet. When his ass was wet from my tongue and slowly pushed my finger into his ass. 

I pushed my finger in and out of his ass fingering him while he sucked my cock. I began fingering him harder and Javier moaned louder. After a while Javier pulled my cock from his mouth and then turned around straddling my cock. He positioned his ass just over my cock. he took my cock in his hand and slowly guided it into his ass. He slid down on my cock until every inch of it was in his ass. 

He slowly began moving up and down on my cock riding it. I moaned as I felt his ass tightening and squeezing my cock. I ran my hands over his chest and stomach and watched his hard cock bouncing as he road my cock. As Javier began to ride me harder I reached out and took his cock in my hand and began to stroke it as he road me. The harder he road my cock the harder I stroked him. His ass felt so good on my cock and he kept tightening his ass so that it was squeezing my cock. I stroked him and he road my cock hard. He monad louder and louder as i stroked him. He cried out, "Oh fuck!" and I knew he was about to cum. It turned me on so much and made me stroke him even harder. As I stroked him and fucked his ass Javier moaned louder and louder and then shot a huge load of cum all over my stomach and chest. He cam so hard and so much I thought he would never stop. He came so hard I had cum all the way up to my neck. 

Javier leaned over licked some of his cum off of me and then kissed me letting his cum drip into my mouth. His cum tasted so good and so sweet. 

Javier continued to ride me harder and harder. I squeezed and cupped his ass as he road me. His ass squeezing and pulling on my cock. It felt amazing. Finally I came hard and deep into her ass. I moaned loudly. It was the best orgasm I had ever had and I didn't want it to end. 

Feeling my cum in his ass Javier leaned down and kissed me. He lay on top of me for a while holding each other. My cock in his ass my cum oozing out from around my cock and down my balls. 

We fucked again and again all night. We had sex all over the hotel room. By morning time we were asleep in each others arms with cum all over us and I don't know how much of my cum in Javier's ass. 

It was amazing sex and Javier and I are still great friends. When ever we are both single we still have sex and rekindle our first time together.