 It's not the first time I had been with a man as I was sexually assaulted by a friends brother when I was younger but I don't count that. I suppose that experience even made me more determined to prove another mans cock could be a gentle and pleasurable thing and not the brutal and terrible thing it had been then.

I've always considered myself straight, as straight as a man who has sucked cock can be I suppose, and I've never fancied men but the further into my 20s I got the more the thought of sucking another mans cock intrigued me. Probably the definition of bi-curious. It started off watching porn and seeing the penis being the dominant feature of porn and getting on to seeing 2 men together with the same woman along with the odd bit of transsexual or bisexual porn. I found myself starting to fantasise about being the woman in the films, on my knees in front of the man, being fed his hard dick and making him thrust into my mouth.

I eventually found my way on to a gay and bi website and got chatting to a man that stayed not far from me. He asked what I had thought about doing and if I'd ever told anyone about it. We talked for a while and he said he'd love to be my first and could meet me in 15 minutes. Finally I agreed and dashed off for a quick shower then walked down to where we had agreed to meet. He was just pulling up in his car when I arrived and he stepped out to greet me. He seemed nice and quickly put me at ease so I suggested we go for a short walk for some privacy, it was evening so was already dark but I headed into the trees nearby where we wouldn't risk giving a passer by a shock.

When I thought we were far enough in I turned round and he stepped forward to kiss me. I flinched and I think he sensed I was uncomfortable with it because he stopped quickly and moved to kiss my neck then lifted up my shirt with one hand to kiss my nipples while his other hand undid my jeans. Once my jeans were unbuttoned my hard cock instinctively popped out through the fly in my boxer shorts and he was quick to grab a hold of it while still flicking his tongue over my chest. His hand then lifted off my cock and I could hear his belt buckle being loosened. He stepped back and looked at me confidently as he opened his jeans and let them fall to the floor.

His cock was magnificent. About 8 inches long without seeming too big, good girth and perfectly formed. It was like a work of art. I snapped out of my daze and whispered "No point messing about" in his ear as I reached out for it. Soft as silk to touch, standing majestically and glowing in the evening light. I stroked it a few times and decided it was now or never. I knelt down in front of him and held it in my right hand. He looked down at me, ran his hands through my hair, cupped the back of my head and gently pulled my face towards his rock solid member. I opened up and took him in my mouth. It tasted amazing, manly with a slight musk but somehow sweet. I savoured the feeling for a few seconds then withdrew it, licked the length of the shaft and round the head before devouring his cock.

He stroked my hair gently as I sucked his cock.

"Oh God, that's good" he whispered. 

I barely noticed as I hungrily bobbed up and down on his shaft, occasionally stopping to lick the shaft or nibble on his balls. 

"Oh, fuck me. You were born to suck cock."

I glanced up to see him with his head titled back looking satisfied with his left hand on his hip while his right hand was still cupping my head. 

It gave me a rush to see, and hear, that I was making him feel so good. I kept looking up at him as I went back to the job in hand, his expression only changing to murmur things like 'Mmmmm' or 'Fuck yeah' every so often. 

He looked down and caught my eye. He had a look of desire in his eyes, smiled sweetly at me and stroked my cheek as he gently started to thrust his cock into my mouth in time with my head movements.

He licked his lips and said "You're going to make me cum, baby."

Those words made me pick up the pace. I needed that completion. I needed that sense of achievement. I needed his cum. I sucked faster and I held his balls as they tensed up.

"Oh god. Oh fuck. Fuuuuuuuucccckkk. Ngnh. Ahhhhhh." 

His cum flooded my mouth like a stream. Without hesitation I swallowed it as quickly as he unloaded it. I swallowed every drop of his salty sweet spunk. Once he had finished cumming I released his cock from my mouth and licked the head to clean up every last drop of juice. 

Without saying a word I stood up and he pulled his jeans up and fastened them. 

"Wow, that was great. Here's my number if you ever want to do it again." 

He handed me a business card with his number on it and with that got back into his car and drove off. We met up a couple of times after that until we lost contact a year or so ago. He's still the only guy that's ever fucked me as well. Maybe that should be my next story?