 My first time was a long time ago. I had just turned 18 in 1966 and had never done anything with men or women other than jerking myself off. I had for some years however been aware that in the washroom at the city hall there were lots of notices written on the stalls and walls asking for or offering blow jobs.

I went to the washroom one Saturday afternoon. That wasn't unusual because all the city buses were centred at the city hall parking area. When I got down the stairs to the john my heart started beating faster as it had for the several months whenever I got there. When I went in there were 3 men in the room which stunk of piss and smoke. I went to a urinal and proceeded to take a piss while trying to see what was going on without being obvious.

An older guy, probably about 45 took the urinal beside me and as I pissed it was obvious he was looking at my cock. Not sure what to do I just remained where I was and then noticed that he was actually stroking his cock. I looked at him and saw that he had seen me looking at his cock. He turned a little towards me so I could see him better and continued slowly stroking his now half hard cock.

My own cock started to stiffen all on it's own and I know I was blushing like crazy so I hurriedly stuffed it back into my pants and zipped up. I left the bathroom and went back up to the bus stop area. 

The guy who had been beside me also came up out of the bathroom and walked over to me. He asked if I was heading to the south side of town as that was where the bus came for that area. I said yes and he offered me a ride. At that time hitch hiking was very common and so although I was pretty sure he wanted more than to just give me a ride I agreed to go with him.

We quickly got in his car and headed to the south side of town. He asked if I had ever gone to the tree farm on the edge of town near the Hydro plant. I knew this was a favorite lovers lane in the city on Friday and Saturday nights but I told him I had never actually been there. He offered to show me the place and I agreed.

When we got there he parked the car and suggested we walk through the trees. The place was actually a Christmas tree farm at one time but had gone broke and now there was a grove of Scotch Pines about 20 ft tall still growing there in neat rows. There didn't seem to be anyone else around as we walked back through the trees and after a while there was no way for anyone to see us from the road past the hydro plant.

Bruno, we had exchanged names in the car, stopped and said he had to pee. He turned about half way away from me and took out his cock and let fly with a strong stream of piss. I watched mesmerized, having never seen a grown man's cock other than my father before. When he finished instead of putting his cock away he started stroking it again like he had in the bathroom. I continued watching and he turned back towards me. His cock was not quite as long as mine but it was definitely thicker and I was fascinated by what was happening.

He asked if I didn't want to join him and knowing once again I was blushing I said sure and pulled out my cock. I barely had to touch myself before I had a full on erection. My heart was pounding as we stood a few feet apart playing with ourselves and soon precome was leaking out the end of my cock. Bruno came a couple of steps closer and commented about how eager I was and what a joy it was to be so young. Then he reached out and took the end of my cock in his hand rubbing the precome over the tip.

I groaned and he took my whole cock in his hand stroking it gently and then with his other hand he started to fondle my balls. I started thrusting my hips towards him he stopped me and said to take it easy and he'd make me feel good. Then he dropped to his knees in the pine needles and took my cock into his mouth.

I had never felt anything so good in my entire life. Bruno started sucking on my cock while holding my balls with one hand he undid my belt and then told me to lower my pants and jockey shorts which I did. He took my balls then and licked them sucking each one into his mouth then grabbing may ass with his hands he swallowed my cock right down his throat. When I started thrusting again he backed off and asked me not to and just let him control the pace. I stood as still as I could but my legs were already starting to tremble and I knew I was getting close to cumming.

I told him this because I wasn't sure what he would want to do but he just kept sucking on my and moving his mouth up and down my cock. I felt the cum rising in my balls and then grunting I started shooting my load into his eager mouth. He swallowed it all and kept his hands on my ass holding me there while he sucked out every last drop of cum. The pleasure was so intense I had to tell him to stop as the head of my cock was too sensitive right then.

Bruno stood up and I then saw that he had gotten a complete hard on while sucking me. He took my hand and put it on his cock and asked me to stroke it. I had never felt another man's cock before and wasn't entirely sure what to do but figured I'd just do what I usually did to myself. He dropped his pants to his ankles and then asked if I would suck him. I told him I'd try but I'd never done it before wand wasn't sure. He told me to take my time and not to try to take too much in as it would probably make me gag.

I got on my knees as he had and then holding the base of his cock with one hand and fondling his balls with the other like he had done for me I leaned closer and took the head of his cock in my mouth. I had tasted my own precum and cum before and was not surprised by the almost neutral taste of his cock. I was surprised though at how hot it was. I had never thought about the heat given off by a cock and although I had felt my own it was so different in my mouth instead of in my hand.

I'm not sure how great a blow job I gave him but it must have been at least adequate because after a few minutes and with me getting about half his cock into my mouth he started to groan. The he warned me he was going to cum and like he had done for me I decided to take it in my mouth. That led to the day's second surprise for me. Although his precum had tasted much like mine the tast of his cum was quite different. I realize now that just about everyone does have a different taste but as I said this was my first time.

After he finished he thanked me and pulled up his pants. I thought we would be through but he quickly grabbed my cock which was half hard again and went to his knees giving me another blow job. Oh to be 18 again and able to cum twice in half an hour. When I was done the second time we went back to the car and as we were driving away from the grove another car was driving in and I recognized one of the other guys who had been in the bathroom. Bruno informed me that it was a spot frequented by men on a regular basis something I took advantage og many times in the next few years.