 So this is where it is going to go; 

I am going to tell you about my self, my love for cock and how I go about getting it. I am not a size queen and I am not gay. If you were to give me the option of sucking cock or eating pussy, I could not chose between the two of them, if that makes me Bisexual, then that is what I am. 

My first sexual experience was with a woman, I was in my mid-teens and so was she; in retrospect, she was the initiator, taking me into her room and kissing me. Things took the natural route for two hormone-charged teens and before we knew it, the sun was coming up indicating that it was morning and time for the walk of shame. 

My first gay sex was years later with a fellow that I worked with. He and I had done some serious chatting about sexuality. This was the summer following the first time and I was having no luck getting laid and was very horny. Levis was a nice person, openly gay but not effeminate. He was willing to tell a quizzical youth all the tricks of having sex with men and this youth was open to all talks of sex! It was not too long after, that during one of our talks; we got a little drunk and being closer to his house went there for a nightcap. After another drink and some more chatting he made up the couch for me to sleep (not wanting to debauch a virgin boy, so he said) but being slightly drunk and very randy, I continued to chat from the living room with him, despite his warnings to the contrary. He said that he would have to tie me down and beat me. Well, something inside of me said, "Go ahead" and, well, he did. 

Before I knew what was happening I was bound and being spanked, and loving it, because he kept reminding me of my erection. It was also obvious that this binding of me was something that he wanted as well. I could tell this from his erection. His penis was a much bigger version of mine and it was a very nice sight, dangling in front of my face-I'm sure he wanted to see what I would do with it-well I didn't let him down as I opened my mouth and let it slide into my throat. With that one move I opened myself to a whole other realisation, the feel of a cock sliding in and out of my mouth has become something that almost daily I crave. It was also something that he was looking for as he stopped spanking me and took control of my mouth and head; he started to tell me how to lick and suck a cock, slowly around the head and under the rim, splitting the pee slit and getting all of the sweet precum that was my reward. He told me how to deep-throat and to lick his balls. He showed me a few techniques, and then had me perform them on him. He was a wonderful teacher, as well as a lover. 

By the time the sun was coming up, I was in love with his cock. We fell asleep and when I woke, the first thing that I did was to take his cock into my mouth and wake him with all that I had learned during the night. He responded and gave me a mouthful of cum that I swallowed with relish, he bent down and gave me a kiss and thanked me for the wonderful way that I woke him up. We spent the next week together, with him showing me all the different aspects of male love. By the end of the week, I was his slave, willing to do anything he asked me to, as long as I got his cock. He asked me if I would like to meet some of his friends that were coming that weekend, to which I answered most absolutely. 

The Friday approached, and the bunch of us went out for dinner, just so that we could have a good time without any actual sex getting in the way. The discussions were many and varied from the upcoming elections, to the strange weather, to the prevailing attitudes about sex, drugs and rock and roll.

So we shuffled off in the direction of one of the clubs that littered the area. On the way I gave Levis a couple of those I want you looks and a deep loving kiss to which he gave me a glance that promised a whole lot when we got back to his place; little did I know we would never get there. 

We got to the club and immediately went to the dance floor, shedding our coats on the way. The floor was packed with writhing bodies and we joined in the festivities with abandon, not knowing whom we danced with and caring even less. As it turned out this was a gay club. The atmosphere was heady and hedonistic as the beat of the music took over and the floor pulsed with a tribal rhythm. It was a little while after we had been there that the wine started to take effect on us. The music and the wine had an almost magical effect on each of us and we started to dance as shaman; soon we had a large crowd surrounding us as we ground against each other's bodies. With the opening of a space into which we could dance, the group of us were putting on a show, and soon we had a few others join in-regulars or so they said-and we were being guided into the dark, back corner of the dance floor. In that corner of the club, it was private and we continued our little show, only now it was in earnest as the delicious feeling the wine gave washed any sort of morals or embarrassment away. 

I was unbuttoning Levis' shirt and pulling him to me with the sleeves, as he got close enough to touch, I snaked my tongue over his chest and down his belly. I could feel someone's hands on my hips moving with the music and reaching around to my belt, slowly undoing it and snaking it out of the loops. As this was going on behind me, I was getting more daring with my man in front of me. Levis was having his pants undone from unknown hands, but I was still holding on to the front of him. It was as if I had staked a claim to him, "no one touches him until I am finished" seemed to be the unwritten but understood rule for the moment anyway. As his pants dropped to his ankles, his erect penis flopped out for all to see, I could hear moans of approval and was quite happy, as he was mine, or so I thought. I had no idea that I was to be taking that cock and so much more. 

As his pants fell to the floor and he stepped out of them, I dropped to my knees and started to tongue the end of his penis, tickling the underside of it and licking the sweet goo that was coming out the pee-slit. I was giving him all the tricks he taught me, licking the balls, running my tongue around just the head, sucking just the head into my mouth and popping it out over tight lips, I gave him one of the best blow jobs ever, I could hear cheers of encouragement from the small crowd that was gathered around us. Levis was really getting into the attention to his cock, when he came in my mouth. I let some of the cum run out of my mouth and down my chin but swallowed the most of it. I looked very slutty with a man's sperm running down my chin in a very public place!

To Be Continued...