 My name is Brad, I am a 40 year old, professional, fit, guy. People tell me I'm attractive, but I've never really concerned myself about that. I had been married, but am widowed now. I have had gay thoughts and urges since I was a young boy, but I had never done much more than fantasize. I've always kept the feeling suppressed within myself for some reason. There were times when the urge is almost unbearable, and I would lay in bed and fantasize for hours. I have a very sensitive ass, and I love the feeling of touching myself there. I long for the day when I feel someone else touching me in those most private places.

After my wife passed, I knew I had no desire to look for another woman. I thought that maybe I'd finally get the nerve to look for a guy to meet, but deep down I knew I would never get the nerve. The following is one of the fantasies I have about how my first experience will happen.

One morning, I went down by the river to go for my usual run. There was a kid stretching not far from where I was (I shouldn't say kid, he was probably close to 20). He was probably a couple inches shy of 6 feet, and really attractive with fairly short blonde hair and a really trim body. I caught myself looking at him and thinking "wow, he's hot." "How far you going" I asked, before I even realized it. 

"A couple miles, I'm not in shape for long distances," he replied. "I'm working on it, but I was a sprinter in high school, now I'm liking the long, relaxing runs."

"Yeah, it's a good way to relax," I said. "Maybe we could run together, sometimes it's nice to have someone to talk with." "Wow, I hope he says yes," I thought.

"That's be cool, maybe you can give me some pointers. You look like you're in good shape."

"I do some half-marathons & stuff, mostly I just run to relax & enjoy the fresh air. But I'd like to help if I can."

We ran and talked, We went at a leisurely pace & were getting to know each other. After the run, we talked a while & made plans to do that more often. He said he appreciated my help, and I certainly enjoyed being around him. Even though I didn't know if he was even into guys, I was really attracted to him. His name was Zach.

After several weeks, we were out biking one day. We pulled off in a secluded area to rest and drink some water. We got to talking again, and the subject of women came up. He knew that I was widowed, but I'd never asked about his romantic life. I guess I was afraid he had a girl he was seeing, I couldn't imagine anyone as attractive as him being single. 

"I'm surprised you have time to run. Must be hard to make time for all the girlfriends you must have" I joked.

"He dismissed it and said, "nah, I'm enjoying being single and waiting for the right person. I've never even had sex, but it'll happen when the right person comes along" 

He said this unapologetically, and it turned me on that he was so secure with himself. I was getting butterflies in my stomach since he had said "person" instead of "woman." There might be a chance!

"I'm not looking for another woman, I guess if the right person comes along, then great. Otherwise, I'm comfortable now, too" I said, dropping a huge hint as wanted this young man more than I'd ever wanted anyone. My mouth was feeling dry and I could feel my stomach doing somersaults. I'd never felt this anxious with any woman I'd ever been around.

The look on his face told me he caught the hint I dropped, then a moment of waiting that seemed like years, then he flashed a little smile that made my world brighter.

I smiled back, and our bodies seemed to draw toward each other involuntarily. Our eyes met each others, then both closed as our faces drew closer, and our lips met. We kissed lightly at first, hesitantly, our kisses short but tender. His lips were young and soft, and turned me on when I felt them against mine. Our lips were exploring each other's as we kissed little more passionately, and our tongues lightly brushed. We pulled away slowly and looked at each other as if to ask "did that just happen?" We both smiled and kissed again, even more passionately.

"I've been hoping that would happen" I said. "I've had a thing for you since we met, and it's only gotten stronger these past couple weeks."

"Me too, I've always been attracted to men, but have never found the right guy & didn't know if it would ever happen. I'm picky about who I trust, and who I'm attracted to. As soon as I met you, I was hoping something might happen, too."

"I've had these urges to be with a guy since I was a kid. I just kept them hidden from everyone. I didn't think it would ever happen either." 

We kissed again, tenderly and excitedly, enjoying this new experience. Eventually, we got back on our bikes and finished our ride, I was loving what had just happened. Over the next couple weeks, we spent a lot of time together. Stopping to kiss and touch each other whenever we had a chance to be alone. One evening, we were out in a really private area that I knew about where we could be away from everyone. We were sitting on a log, and we began kissing. I was caressing his hard body under his shirt, feeling his skin. I was rubbing his thigh with my other hand, and as I moved it toward his body, I "accidentally" brushed against his hard cock that was pushing his shorts out. As I grazed the hardness of his cock, we both jerked slightly.

"Sorry," I said with a smile.

"It's okay," he said "I don't mind." 

"Mmm, okay, good" I mumbled as I continued kissing him. I dropped my hand back down to his crotch and lightly traced around his hardness with my finger. He began breathing faster as I continued to lightly caress the outline of his cock. It felt big, and I wanted to touch it so bad. I had been dreaming about this for over 3 decades, and here it was happening with such a young stud. I kissed his neck and whispered "can I take it out? I'd love to see it." I took his light moan as a yes and slowly pulled his shorts and underwear down, and his cock sprang out. It was big, probably over 7 inches, beautiful, and cut. "Wow" I whispered as I lightly caressed his shaft. It was rock hard, and he was moaning lightly as I caressed and lightly stroked his cock. I kissed his earlobe and said "I want to make you feel good."

"Oh wow, you are, this feels really good." he said breathlessly.

"Oh, it gets better," I said coyly and began kissing his neck, to his body, I lightly pinched and kissed his nipples, then kissed lower to his hard abs. I licked and kissed the head of his cock, getting my first taste. I loved it, the warmth of his manhood, the slightly musky flavor turned me on. I moved and got on my knees between his legs. I kissed the underside of his cock, and licked it up and down, getting it wet and relishing the taste of his manhood. I took one of his balls into my mouth and gently sucked and moaned lightly. 

He was moaning softly, enjoying what I was doing.

I was trying to remember all the things I had liked women to do to me, and was trying to do them to Zach. I finally kissed and licked my way back up the thick shaft to the head and slowly took it into my mouth. I used my tongue as I worked down the shaft, tasting his entire cock for the first time. It was hot in my mouth, and tasted so good. I slowly sucked and worked his cock in and out of my mouth, loving the taste and feel of it. 

I could hear him moaning, and I loved that I was giving him such pleasure. I worked his cock in and out, sucking it on the way out of my mouth, and massaging the underside with my tongue on the way in, and keeping it nice and wet. I loved the taste of his hot, hard cock and loved hearing the light moans of pleasure coming from him. It was better than I'd imagined it would be, I loved that I was pleasing him, and I longed to finally feel him shoot his hot load of cum into my mouth. I sucked harder as I thought about it, and I lightly tickled his full balls as I continued to manipulate his hardness. I heard his breathing become more irregular, and his body began to stiffen. I felt his cock swell inside my mouth, and I knew he was about to cum. I kept him in my mouth as he shuddered and a huge stream of cum shot into my waiting mouth. I kept sucking him as I felt and tasted spurt after spurt of the hot, sweet nectar shoot into my mouth. I swallowed all of it hungrily, loving the taste of his hot cum. I kept sucking him as his orgasm began to subside. I sucked more slowly and gingerly as his cock deflated slightly, and leaked the last remnants of jizz onto my tongue. I slowly let it slip from my mouth, and sat next to him again. He leaned in and kissed me passionately, relishing the taste of the remnants of his own cum in my mouth.

"Oh wow, I didn't know it would feel that good" he said once our lips separated.

"I loved it. I've always fantasized about doing that, I'm glad you enjoyed it" I said with a smile. "It was the first one I've ever given, I'm glad I did okay."

"Do I get to look at yours too?" he asked, as he lightly tugged at my shorts. He didn't wait for an answer as he pulled them down, freeing my cock. Mine wasn't as big as his, but is probably 6 and a half inches, cut, and pretty thick. He kissed me, then kissed my neck, pinched my nipples, which I loved, and then kissed his way down and he did what I had done to him. He coated my cock with saliva and gently took my cock in his hot, moist, cute mouth. My head rolled back as his soft mouth enveloped my hardness. He worked it in and out, it felt really good. I was so turned off from sucking his cock that I was already at a fever pitch. His mouth was so soft and warm, and was making me feel soooo good.. I was so worked up from sucking him, and it didn't take long for me to feel my orgasm near. He was gently fondling my balls as he sucked me, and I could feel myself going over the edge. 

I moaned and stiffened, and I felt myself starting to cum. "Oh yeah" I moaned loudly as I felt my cock spurt a load of cum into his mouth. I felt wave after wave of bliss as I felt my cock spurt again and again. He kept sucking me as I came, swallowing my cum and pleasing me immensely as his warm mouth enveloped my hard cock. He slowly finished sucking me as my cock pumped its last drops of cum into his waiting mouth. He let me slowly slip from his mouth, and he raised his head to mine and we kissed, I could taste my cum and it turned me on even more. 

"Wow, that was so damn good," I whispered between kisses. We sat there, kissing and enjoying what had just happened. We eventually got our clothes pulled back up, and got back on our bikes. We enjoyed a nice leisurely ride back to town, both of us loving what we'd just shared.

This is just one of the scenarios I think about as I lay here alone, fantasizing and pleasing myself. I dream of one day taking a real cock in my mouth, I can almost feel and taste the hot cum. To be continued...