 Editors Credit: Michael Merritt (darquebear) & room mate. Thank you so much for helping me with re-writing my story. Your ideas and guidance were invaluable.

My First Time (A Cock Sucking Fantasy Revisited)

I decided I wanted to improve on one of my original stories. I hope you enjoy it and feedback is always welcome. 

So there I was with a knot in the pit of my stomach. My heart was racing and my hands felt shaky and weak. I was so nervous and scared I wanted to run away, but I didn't. I told myself no, I'd waited too long for this and chickened out too many times. I'd fantasized about this for years, now I was determined to make the fantasy become reality... 

It all started with an ad posted on the internet. I found a site called "Big Guys for Big Guys", or something like that. My tag line was "Big Hairy Bi-Curious Bear Wants to Suck Cock". I went on to describe myself and my interests. I'd made sure that I noted my preference for meeting someone with a similar body type. I ended up receiving many responses, some were just one-liners, "Hey, I'll teach how to suck cock", or, "do you have a place" and then some from thin and smaller men who are into us big bear types. All of which was flattering but not what I was looking for. Then I got an email from Bill. It was a friendly email describing himself and his interests. WOW! He liked a lot of the same stuff. We began chatting; our interaction was friendly and informal. We shared our mutual non-sexual interests.

Then we began sharing sexual e-mails. We decided to talk on the phone and ended up masturbating together. It was so hot! I can still hear him saying, "I'm thinking about you on your knees right now, between my legs, sucking my cock." Then he moaned, "I'm cumming in your mouth right now." I could hear his grunts as he shot spurt after spurt of cum all over his belly and hand. I came hard, right then, myself. It was intense! As soon we caught our breath and calmed down from our orgasms he asked me to meet him. I was nervous and inexperienced, unsure of meeting this kind and experienced man whom I had begun to feel was my friend. After some soul searching and deep thinking I said yes.

The day came and we met at some non-descript bar. I was so anxious. He was quite the contrast of me, so calm, cool, and collected. He ordered drinks for us. I gulped mine down and ordered another. We made small talk about nothing in particular, the weather, sports; and then came the moment of truth. Bill asked me if I was ready to taste my first cock. I finished my drink, took a deep breath and said, "Yep, let's do this"

The next thing I knew we were in some cheap motel room. I was naked sitting on the edge of the bed. Bill was naked, too, relaxing against some pillows that he had propped up against the headboard. I just stared at his cock. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. I had never seen another hard cock except in porn. It looked perfect. Maybe 6" long, cut with a soft spongy looking mushroom shaped head. I leaned over his thigh and rested on my elbow between his legs. I reached out with my other hand and touched another mans cock for the first time. I marveled at the feel of his hard prick. While I had touched my own dick more times than you could count, Bill's cock seemed different. His cock felt the same as mine yet different, somehow. It was so hard yet so soft and velvety. I touched it lightly at first, just with my fingertips. Then I wrapped my hands around it and began stroking. Bill moaned. I shivered with excitement. I was digging this. I loved the feel of his cock in my hand. 

I kept stroking him, up and down, up and down. The sensation was incredible. I was mesmerized by the pre-cum oozing from the tip of his cock. Then, Bill reached out and placed his hand behind my neck and began to ever so gently pull me down. I remember him saying, "You need to taste this," as he guided my head towards his hard shaft. Bill stopped pulling when I was just inches away. I could smell the manly scent of his arousal. 

I reached out with my tongue and licked the pre-cum off the tip of his cock. It tasted wonderful, salty, and fresh. I kept stroking his thick shaft with my hand. I excitedly licked up his salty and sticky juice as it seeped from the tip of his now rock hard dick. Then I felt his hand at my neck again, gently pulling me further down. The tip of his cock began to push against my lips, parting them, and then the soft, spongy head was sliding over my tongue. I still remember him moaning out loud as my lips past the ridge of his cock-head and began sliding down the shaft. 

I took him in as deep as I thought I could without gagging and stopped. I paused as I it dawned on me that I had another man's dick in my mouth and I really liked it! The feeling was so natural and the taste was nothing like I had imagined it would be. That's when I started moving my head up and down, slowly and rhythmically.

Bill sighed and softly said, "Oh, yeah man, that feels so good, do it man, suck my cock."

Bolstered by his encouraging words I began to experiment. I would suck his cock as deep as I could into my watering mouth and then swirl my tongue all around the shaft. Then I used the tip of my tongue to trace a line around the ridge of his ever growing cock-head and lick my way back down. I remember hearing him moan, "God, that feels so good. I'm definitely gonna cum in your hot mouth."

I decided I wanted to try and do even better. I shifted my position so that I was lying on my stomach between his legs. That's when I noticed his balls and I reached out with one hand and began to fondle them. They felt hot, heavy and full of cum. I leaned in, brought them to my mouth, and began to slather them with my tongue. I was totally into this. I began jacking his shaft while I was licking his balls. I could see pre-cum drooling from his cock so I stopped my ball lapping and sucked the tip back into my mouth like a lollipop. Once I cleaned all the pre-cum off, I went back to licking his nuts and jacking the shaft. I kept repeating this, until I felt his balls begin to pull up tight.

Bill reached out and guided my head back to the tip of his cock and said, "Suck me man, suck me off." I then began bobbing my head up and down faster, stopping this action every so often and swirling my tongue around his swollen cock-head as I jacked the shaft with my hand. His cock was rock hard. The soft, spongy head just seemed to be growing and growing, his cock getting thicker and harder. His balls were pulling up tighter to his body. The pre-cum was just. He began moaning and gently thrusting his hips up to meet my mouth. I can still remember hearing him whisper, "Oh man this feels good, you better get ready to take my cum."

I wanted his cum. I couldn't wait to feel it shoot across my tongue. So I picked up the pace a little, moving my head up and down faster, swirling my tongue quicker on the tip. I could hear his breathing now. It was deep, ragged and sort of gasping. I knew he was getting closer, so I slowed down the frantic pace just a bit. I wanted his orgasm to build even more in intensity. It was too late for that because right then his cock grew even just slightly more in my mouth and I felt his balls pull up even tighter.

Then he gasped, "Oh god don't stop, don't stop, I'm gonna cum man, I'm gonna cum in your mouth." Then the moment I had been waiting for, the moment I have been fantasizing about for years, finally happened. His body went stiff and he grabbed me by the sides of my head and moaned, "I'm cumming man, I'm cumming!" I felt his cock pulse on my bottom lip, his balls lurched in my hand, and at that same moment the first spurt of his hot cum hit the roof of my mouth. I swallowed it and his cock kept pulsating and shooting thick, creamy streams of cum with every pulse. I kept his dick in my mouth and jacked his shaft, swallowing what I could with the rest running down his shaft. I kept nursing at his dick until I felt it going soft, at which time I let it reluctantly slip from my mouth.

After he regained his composure Bill asked me, "So how did you like your first cock?"

I just looked at him and said, "I wanna do it again."

And while I'm coaxing a second load of hot cum out of him I'll think of what other fantasy he can make a reality...