 This is part two, Michael had me in hose on all fours and was milking and edging my cock. 


Ch. 2 The Seduction




"AAAHHH" I swooned, my head spinning, I want to cum NOW I was thinking.

Michael was not thinking the same thing he was an edging master, he was going to bring me to the brink of orgasm and have me begging him to let me cum. He started slowly stroking my cock with his lube covered hands pulling down, wrapping his fist, twisting his warm grip over my head.

I pant, "Michael, that is it, oh please..." he ran a thumb down the front of my cock, down the line and towards my balls. 

I am now bucking and pumping. "Oh god, I, I want to cum, please...." 

He smiled up at me, "Not yet" He stopped pumping his fist;I tried to keep fucking his hand he loosened his grip and then grabbed my balls.

"Uhhh, Awww, please, I babbled, let me cum.." 

Michael grinned mischievously "You will get to cum when I am ready." 

I had never run into this, my wants being manipulated, the pleasure was so wonderful, he worked me to the brink, I would start to pulse, a thumb would dig in, or pressure point around my balls, and the orgasm would pause. It was maddening; I was pumping and twisting, starting to sweat, really trying to work around this stop and go manipulation. I was going to time it so I could shoot all over. Michael sensed this and would adjust the speed, stop and repeat this dizzying process.

I am hunching the air as he strokes and releases. I am whimpering now "Please mmmm oh! please." 

Michael finally said "ok, I think I am ready." He kept stroking and I was in a trance.

Sweat glistening on my arching back, I am wildly pumping my lubed cock into his fist! The feeling of the pantyhose was so wonderful against my legs, my feet, my ass.

I felt it build, bigger and bigger, O god I was getting ready to blow! I was thinking.

He felt it too and increased the frequency, pressure and rhythm. "Cum for me" he hissed.

I moaned, bucked and shot 5 big gobs of cum.

Michael aimed them at his chest and as he did this he was pulling and stroking his cock through the nylons. Seeing me cum must have set him off, he came all over inside the nylons he was wearing.

I was still in his grip, twitching. "Oh! Thank you" I croak. 

Michael said "I know you enjoyed this, I expect you will be back to explore some more."

I didn't know what to say, and as I was searching for the words, Michael tickled my balls and stroked me. 

The words flowed "When? ohhh, when?"

It seems like the seduction was complete and I was hooked. The things that would come.