 When I was 18, I worked as a waiter for my local pub. After work I would usually sit at the bar for abit, and get a quick drink before going home.

One time after finishing work, I sat down at the bar, next to a man called Dave.

He was in his 40's, had receding hair, wore glasses, and was a larger man. But he seemed nice enough, quite chatty, and a bit drunk already. 

After chatting for a while, he noticed that I was tapping my fingers. He looked at my hands for a minute, and said to me "I bet you'd give a great handjob".

I shrugged it off, thinking no more of it, and took a swig of my drink. I told him I'm not into that sort of thing, and changed the topic. 

Throughout the rest of the night, I kept thinking about it, about giving him a handjob. I never thought I was gay, but for some reason, I was somewhat interested in it.

After a while, I started to get ready to go home, and he did the same. We got outside and I hung around with him while he waited for his taxi. After a few minutes I finally worked up the courage to ask him if he was serious about the handjob. He looked me in the eye and said "why don't you come back to mine for a drink?"

During the taxi ride, we kept up the usual conversations, but I couldn't help but keep looking down at his crotch, imagining just what his cock was like.

When we finally arrived, I sat on the sofa and he went into his kitchen and got a few beers out and sat next to me. After a couple of sips, he asked me a few questions.

"You ever do this before?" he says. I told him I hadn't, but really wanted to try it.

He took my hand and put it on his crotch, and let me feel him up through his trousers.

I could feel his cock getting harder, and I could see it pushing up against his trousers. He smiled at me and gently bit his lip.

I slowly unzipped his trousers and pulled them to his ankles. I gently massaged his cock throughhis boxers again for a moment, before pulling them down. And out flopped his dick. It was about 7 inches, cut, and a mass of pubes. His balls were quite hairy too, and a drop of pre-cum was glistening on the tip.

I wrapped my hands around it and gently started wanking him off. I was a little worried at first because I'm not cut, so I wasn't sure how to do it properly. He told me that I was doing good, so I started to do it a little faster. I took one hand off and started to massage his balls at the same time. He let out a sigh of pleasure so I know he I was doing well.

Then, I couldn't explain why, but I had the overwhelming urge to suck him off. So I leant in, and licked the pre cum off his tip, before putting my lips over his cock. He looked down in surprise, and gently ran his hands through my hair.

I kept sucking, and twirling my tongue around his shaft. I could taste the pre-cum in the back of my mouth. It was a strange taste, but I sort of liked it. I found myself gagging gently if I took him too far into my mouth, but I kept going at a good pace. 

After a few minutes he spoke. "Don't forget the balls." So I slid him out of my mouth, and gently sucked on his balls. Sucking one at a time, then licking the sack, all while still wanking him off. After giving his balls a good tongue bath I went right back to sucking his cock. I could feel him gently thrusting, and I could hear him grunting and sighing in pleasure. A few moments later he said "I'm gonna cum, I'm about to cum!"

I thought about taking him out of me, and letting him cum elsewhere. But I didn't, I kept on sucking him and waited for him to cum in my mouth.

After a moment, I could feel his cock pulsing, and my mouth filling up with his warm gooey cum. I sucked every last drop out of him and swallowed it all up. It was a strange taste, but I still found myself wanting more. He wanked out the last few drops, and I licked them off his tip.

He pulled his boxers back up, and we sat on the sofa together. He was still a bit breathless from just having an orgasm, but he looked at me and said, "What did you think?" I paused for a moment, and said "I think I've got a taste for this now. I'm glad I met you, and took you up on your offer."

He smiled and said "You got much to do tomorrow?" I replied "No, I'm not working so I'm free all day". He gently kissed me and said "Would you like to stay the night, and learn a few more tricks?"

I smiled back and said "With pleasure", and he gently kissed me and led me to his bedroom.



I'll put the rest of this story up tomorrow :)
Hope you guys liked it, theres more to cum!