 I had sex with an another guy for the first time when I was a senior in high school. It happened on a Saturday morning in fall of 1991. We had all been drinking at a friend's house, where we crashed for the night. One of my friends, Tom, was worried that he had left the lights on at his house, and if his mother came home early she would ground him for leaving all of the lights on at their house. I had the least to drink on Friday night, and I was totally sober by Saturday morning, but my friend Tom was still pretty buzzed and was sleeping with one of the girls who had crashed with us. So early Saturday morning, he came out into the living room where I was sleeping with several other people, and gave me the keys to his car and house. He and asked me to do two things: check the messages on the answering machine and turn out all of the lights.

When I got to the house, I first listened to the only message on their answering machine. The first one was from his mom, telling him that she wouldn't be home until late Sunday and reminding him to turn off the lights if he went out while she was gone. I started to turn off the lights throughout the house when there was a knock on the door. It was Scott, one of the guys who had also been at the party. 

"Was on my way back home and wondered if you needed any help," he said, walking into the house. 

"I think I have it handled, but sure," I said. 

Scott was in some of my classes. At 5-9, he was about the same height and build as me but instead of playing soccer like I did he played tennis and swam. He also was very cute with a short haircut of his light brown hair. Like me, he had green eyes. My hair was dark brown. 

I really hadn't started to acknowledge my sexual feelings for boys, but there was something about Scott I really liked. He was nice and friendly, fun to talk to at school or at parties. We weren't best friends, but we were friendly with one another and hung out a lot with others. 

Scott handed me the morning paper that I had missed on the driveway, which I tossed on the dining room table as we turned out the lights on our walk through the house. When we got to the kitchen, Scott suggested that we get something to drink. I told him to bring me whatever because I wanted to check the sports scores in the paper. 

I was sitting at the dining room table reading the scores when Scott placed a glass of juice next to me, then leaned over my right shoulder and asked, "Who won?"

"Which game?" I asked. 

"I don't know. I don't know really follow sports that much. I just like playing them. Who do you like?"

When I turned to look at him I realized how close he was to me. I also realized how pretty his eyes were. They were darker green than mine. I said and did nothing as my throat went dry, my heart started to race, butterflies flew in my stomach, and my dick began to get hard. I was so scared. 

Scott pulled back, then appeared over my left shoulder, except this time he wrapped his arms around my chest and said, "Hey. You better drink your juice."

I was still stunned. "Yeah I better," looking into his eyes. 

Scott leaned in and gave me a very soft kiss. No tongue. Just our lips bushed and then pressed together. I was speechless when he pulled away and ran his right thumb over my lips. 

"You OK?" he asked, looking deeply into my eyes. 

I was silent for a moment and then managed a weak, "Uh-huh."

"Good," Scott smiled. "That was really nice," he said, tracing his thumb on my cheek, until it reached my ear. Then he ran his right fingers through the back of my dark brown hair. "You feel nice Rick. I've wanted to kiss you for a long time."

"You have? I didn't know you were into guys?"

"I'm into kissing. And I really like your lips."

Then Scott pulled my head towards him, this time kissing me open mouth. I allowed his tongue to explore my mouth. His tongue felt soft and warm, so I started to rub his tongue a bit with mine. I was getting very aroused. Scott finally ended the kiss and leaned our foreheads together. Running his fingers through the back of my hair, he asked, "Want to go kiss on the couch?"

I paused and then quietly said, "Sure."

It was awkward when we sat on the couch. Scott took my right hand in his hands and said: "I've never made out with a guy. I've kissed a guy a couple of times, but I've never made out with one...like I think we're about to."

"Well I've never even kissed a guy or even thought about doing it," I quickly added. 

"Really?" Scott asked. "You've never even wondered what it would be like?"

"I guess not."

"Well I don't want to force you to do something you're uncomfortable doing..."

"No, Scott, it's cool, I..."

And before I could finish Scott was all over me with a passionate kiss, his hands exploring my face, shoulders, chest, even my crotch a little. Scott leaned back on the couch and I laid on top of him, grinding a little into him as we continued what seemed like a marathon kiss. 

"Oh Rick," Scott said when he finally broke the kiss to nibble on my neck, "this is so nice. This feels so wonderful." Then he hugged me and squeezed me into him. My cock felt like it was going to explode through my jeans.

"Scott we better be careful. Tom might be coming home soon."

"I don't know if we have to worry. Last time I saw Tom he was in bed with Allison and they were going at it pretty hard."

"How did you know that?" I asked.

"Because I was sleeping on the floor in the room where they were fucking! I had to crawl out of there so they wouldn't see me and think I was some kind of perv," he said. The he took his face in my hands and kissed me passionately, eventually allowing his hands to wander down my back and squeeze my ass. I don't know if it was that he squeezed my ass the right way or just that I was super horny, but that sent an incredible sensation through my body. I started to dry hump Scott, thrusting into his crotch. Soon my hands were under his shirt, pushing it up over his head. Within moments of removing his shirt I was kissing and licking his smooth chest.

While I licked and sucked on his nipples, my hands found their way between his legs. I rubbed his rock hard crotch, causing him to moan even more loudly. Scott's fingers were combing through my hair. He smelled great, and I loved the taste of his skin. So I started to kiss down his torso to his waist, French kissing his belly button. I then kissed to his waist, unsure of what to do next. Before I knew it I was unbuckling and unzipping his jeans. That pulled his briefs down a little when I pulled his jeans down to his knees, exposing his pubic hair a little.

I nervously looked up at Scott. "Is this OK?" I sheepishly asked.

"It's very nice," he said, looking down at me. "Is this OK with you to continue?"

"Yeah," I whispered, looking into his eyes.

Scott then slid his briefs down down to his knees, exposing his hard cut cock that was sticking up against his body. I just looked at his cock first, my hands on his thighs. It was so pretty, I thought. Then I lightly took it in my right hand, rubbing it a little, tracing my fingers over it. Scott let out a few soft moans. Instinct must have taken over. I put my right hand behind his cock and started to lick up the shaft to the head. His cock was smooth and tasted a little salty. Scott started to moan more loudly as he ran his fingers through my hair.

I started to take his cock into my mouth, unsure how far down I could go on him. I was surprised how easily his cock slid into my mouth. I was even more surprised when his pubic hair brush against my nose because that meant I had taken most of his love muscle inside of my mouth. I slowly began to work it, like girls who had blown me had done. Scott's moaning became louder, almost so loud that we didn't hear the car door slamming outside.

If felt like we almost hit the ceiling when we jumped off the couch, scurrying to get Scott's briefs and jeans, which he had kicked off during foreplay. I ran to the dining room table to read the paper, and he sat on the couch, looking through a magazine. After what seemed like an eternity, Scott got up to check out things through the front window. It had been a false alarm...a neighbor had parked in front of the house. Scott burst out laughing when he realized what had happened.

"You should have seen your face," he said. "You looked like you were going to die of embarrassment," he continued as he walked towards me. I had stood up at the table and was smiling a little, more relieved than anything. Scott put his hands around my waist. "I'm sorry if it scared you," he said, as he gave me an unexpected kiss on my cheek. Then he moved to my lips and we started another intense kiss. He pushed me against the table and we grinded into one another. Scott kissed my neck and said, "This feels amazing."

"Scott, we can't," I said, pushing him away. "What if Tom comes back?"

Scott stepped away and said, "I know. It's not safe...I'm really sorry Rick but I'm just so turned on right now. I hope that doesn't freak you out. This has never happened to me before with a guy. I'm really sorry."

"No, it's OK," I said. "I am too. I don't know what's going on either. I just know it can't happen here or everyone at school will find out...We should really leave...This is just all so new to me."

"Yeah," Scott said, his voice trailing off and turning his back to me to walk towards the door. Then he stopped and said with his back to me in a very fast pace, "Hey, my parents are gone for the next several days and I'm all alone and do you want to come back to my house? Just to talk about all of this? Or not? I totally understand either way."

"No, it's cool," I said. "I would like that. I think we should talk some about all of this."

After Scott let us into his house, he excused himself to check the phone messages, there were none. Then he went back to his room and emerged a few minutes later in a tshirt and shorts. I was in the family room. My god his legs looked good! He was so fucking hot! How had I missed that? And why was I feeling that just now? My cock was hard as a rock in my jeans.

"Want something to drink?" he asked?

"Water is good," I said. I totally checked him out while he got two glasses of water. (The kitchen was right off the family room.) I couldn't keep my eyes off his legs. They were so defined. So fucking hot.

I followed Scott back into the family room and sat next to him on the couch, holding my water glass.

"So," Scott said. "This is pretty fucking weird. I had no idea things would happen like this. All I wanted to do was kiss you and then..."

I had put my water down on the coffee table and lunged into him, kissing him deeply again. His water spilled a little on us but he found the table for his glass. In no time, we were horizontal on the couch, making out furiously. My tongue was buried deep inside of his mouth, exploring him. In no time, I pulled off his tshirt and shorts, then briefs. My hands were all over his gorgeous nude body. His body felt, smelled, and tasted incredible. Then he pushed me back a bit.

"Hey, no fair," Scott said. "I'm not the only one here who is going to be naked. Stand up."

He peeled my polo, jeans, briefs, and socks off me in record time. I rushed back on top of him, making out. Our bodies were grinding together as our legs were intertwined. Our hands were also exploring and touching one another in a mad way as we kissed deeply. Then it began to happen...I started to cum. It was so unexpected.

"Oh my god Scott I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for this to happen..."

"It's OK," he whispered in my ear. "It's OK. It's kind of hot really." I continued to cum while he talked, moaning as I thrust into him. God it was intense and I tingled all over. Then Scott wrapped his legs around me and pulled me into him, both of his hands clutching my ass. 

"Damn Rick now it's my turn...God!" Scott said as he started to shoot between us. "Oh my god."

Between us it felt like we had shot a quart of cum because our bodies felt drenched in it. We laid there in silence, just breathing heavily and my face buried into his neck. After what seemed like forever, Scott spoke. 

"Rick that was wild. You doing OK?"

"Yeah. I don't know what to do now," I mumbled into his neck. I was still very hard. So was he because I could feel his cock pressing against my stomach.

"We probably should clean up a bit," he said. "Can you grab those pizza napkins on the table?"

We sat up and wiped off just enough semen to prevent any of it from getting onto the couch. "I'm not sure how I would explain that stain to my parents," Scott half-laughed. I let out a nervous laugh because I wasn't sure how I was supposed to feel after making out, doing a little oral on him, and then climaxed onto each other. "Hey, you OK?" Scott asked, putting his left hand on my right thigh, causing me to make eye contact. "You aren't going to freak out on me or anything like that are you?"

"I kind of am freaking out inside," I sheepishly replied. 

"Oh, I am too," he quickly replied. "I'm wondering what the hell just happened...But you know what?"

"What's that?"

"We gotta get cleaned up right now, so let's do that and we can talk about this later if you want, OK?" Scott said. 

"Yeah, that's cool," I said.

We walked nude down the hallway and into a bathroom. Scott pulled a couple towels out from the closet, handing me one. "Here you go, man, this should help a lot, but we probably should take a shower to get it all off, you know?"

"Yeah," I said. "A shower would be cool right now."

Scott turned on the shower and pulled the curtain closed. "Come one, get in," he said.

I stepped in front of him, not expecting me to follow him. I think he knew I was startled when I looked at him.

"You OK with showering together?" Scott asked. "It's not like we haven't seen each other naked or anything." 

"Yeah, it's OK but you sure no one is going to walk in on us?" I asked.

"Dude, my parents are on a boat right now, my brother is halfway across the country at college, and I put the chains on the doors. No one is going to walk in on us, so take this soap and clean up. Don't worry. I promise."

I soaped up my body, still amazed that my cock was more than semi-hard. As I washed off the semen from my abdomen area, I felt Scott start to rub my shoulders, his stiff cock bumping against my butt cheeks and thighs.

"What are you doing?" I asked a little flirtatiously. It surprised me how that sounded...it sounded like that I still wanted Scott, which I did but didn't expect. 

"Just making sure you clean," Scott sang back to me.

"I didn't know we got stuff on our backs," I said.

"You can't be too safe," Scott said. The I felt him kiss my shoulders, kiss up my shoulders to my neck. It felt nice and felt natural to lean back towards him. Soon his hands were on my waist and we kissed over my shoulder until I turned around and kissed again standing together. Scott pushed me against the shower wall and started to grind into me, whispering in my right ear: "I want to see what it's like to have a cock in my mouth."

He kissed down my body, dropping to his knees and reaching for my hard cock. He kissed around my shaft until he just took it all into his mouth. It was the best blow job I'd received at that point in my life. I loved how he rubbed my legs and lightly pushed my pelvis area as he sucked me. This time I felt the orgasm coming on, the tingly feeling coursing through my body. I didn't know if I should tell Scott I was about to cum and I selfishly didn't want him to stop. So I just continued to moan as he worked my cock in his mouth. 

Scott didn't flinch when I came in his mouth. Instead his lips clamped down on my cock, almost feeling like he was sucking all the semen out of me. I was drained in more than one way. 

"That was fun," Scott said as he kissed back up my body. "You have such a hot body, and it feels nice." He put his arms around my neck and pulled me against him, kissing me deeply again. We made out standing up for several more minutes until the hot water ran out.

I was silent while we toweled off. Scott broke the silence again.

"You want to hang out some today here or do you need to get back?" he asked.

"I should probably let my parents know where I am," I said. "I told them I was going to crash last night at Kevin's, but I should tell them what I'm doing if that's OK?" I was hesitant to stay but I felt like I needed to stay to talk about things with him.

"Sure," Scott said. "There's a phone you can use in my room."

I was halfway through telling dad what I was doing when I felt the towel around my waist loosen and drop to the floor. Startled, I turned around to see Scott, who put his right index finger over his lips, making a hushing sound. I was getting hard again as I continued to speak to my dad, telling him that Scott and I were going to "hang out a bit" and that I'd be home "probably after dinner." Scott approached me, rubbing my cock with his right hand, pushing me towards his bed, His towel hit the floor and his erect cock was brushing against my right thigh. As soon as I hung up the phone, Scott pushed me onto the bed.

"Dude, what are you doing?" I asked, trying to be a bit playful.

"Just having a little fun," Scott said as he fell down next to me and kissed my cheek. 

"Shouldn't we talk a little about what's going on here?" I asked.

"Sure," Scott said, continuing to kiss my cheek until he found my lips again, sliding his tongue back into my mouth. I put my arms around him, hugging him on top of me as we kissed. We rolled around on his bed, kissing, stroking, rubbing, touching, grinding, exploring. We said almost nothing until Scott again broke the silence.

"You know what I really want to try is sex in the butt."

You could have heard a pin drop in the room or my heart basically beat out of my chest. I was stone silent.

"I really hope that doesn't freak you out," he said, biting his lower lip and looking deeply into my eyes. He took my hand. "I want to feel what it's like to have a guy fuck my butt. You wanna try?"

"I don't know," I said. "I'm not sure how far I want to take this, and this is just all so weird to me right now...Besides we don't have a condom and we should probably be safe if we did anything like that."

Scott reached over to a drawer in the table next to his bed and pulled out a condom that was in an envelope. "My parents don't know about these, but I used them with my last girlfriend," he said. "So we can be safe...and we can stop right away if you don't like it. I promise."

"I don't know, man," I said.

"Look we just experience all of these things right now and then we'll never be curious about them again...It doesn't mean anything. We're just two guys having a good time, and enjoying being physical," he said.

Scott's hands were all over my chest (which was hairier than his mostly smooth chest) while he said that. My cock was still rock hard. "Here, let's just see what it's like," Scott said as he opened a condom and before I knew what was happening slid it over my cock. The sensation felt incredible. Scott stroked me for a few moments, then got back on top of me. "Here, I'll make it easy for you," he said, reaching back for my cock, slowing guiding it to his hole. "I'll just sit on you and do all of the work."

It took Scott a few moments to find his hole and then he slowly slid down my cock. Scott pressed his lips together and started to breath heavily, closing his eyes and rubbing my chest. "Oh, Rick, yes, this feels really nice. Really nice. Really really nice."

I instinctively put my hands on his hips, rubbing up his sides and then to his back and butt. I was starting to thrust a little as Scott pushed all the way down on me. He paused for a moment and said, "I need to get used to this...Wow...This feels really nice. I had no idea it would feel like this." Then he looked deep into my eyes and said, "Rick, you feel really good inside of me."
