 This is a true story about the first time I sucked a big black cock. It was a few years ago now, I was in my early twenties, right out of college, and still lived at my parents' house. I never told anyone this before, so this is my way of getting it off my chest. 

A little background first. As far as everyone was aware I was straight, but for some time I have had a thing for big black dick. I don't know when it first started, but it had been years at this point. I watched interracial porn almost exclusively, and I would fantasize about girls I knew getting railed by giant black dicks like the ones I had seen in videos online. 

It might sound cliché or whatever, but these thoughts eventually turned into thoughts of me being the one to get on my knees, open wide, and choke down a giant black dick. I would get so turned on thinking about it but never acted on it up until this point, chalking it up to a taboo fetish or fantasy. 

This desire manifested itself when I looked at porn. I always wanted to see the girl getting pleasured by some giant monster dick, and sometimes I was more turned on by watching the guy than the girl. I loved rough sex, cumshots, and, particularly, facials, where I could secretly admire a giant dick and heavy load while telling myself I liked it because she had a pretty face. 

It might sound clichéd, but sooner or later my desire to see a big dick fucking a tight pussy led to me watch interracial porn. By the time I went to college, I was basically jerking off to interracial porn exclusively. My favorite was still the facial, but now it was a big black dick cumming all over a pretty white face. 

While going to college, I saw black guys pretty much get their pick of the litter with the hot women around campus, what with the football team, basketball team, etc. I had a few girlfriends, and everything was pretty much normal, but you couldn't help but notice that the best looking girls around the school were all with black guys, mostly athletes. And I couldn't help but think of these little while girls getting impaled by big black cocks. I remember in particular trying to talk to this one girl after class, only to get blown off and see her walk off with this jacked black guy that probably played football or something. I saw them dancing at a party that weekend, she was grinding her round ass into his crotch while he ran his hands up and down her. She was wearing this tight skirt. I jerked off that night thinking of him fucking to absolute shit out of her from behind. 

There were a bunch of examples of things like this happening in college. I would watch interracial porn and picture these blondes from my classes getting nailed by their big black boyfriends. Over time, my curiosity started to take over, and I found myself more and more thinking about just the big black cocks, and not the white girls they went into. I found myself trying to sneak peeks at the black guys in my classes' crotches to see if they were packing heat. I would think about black cock constantly, even going so far as to picture myself on my knees for one of these massive bbc cumshots I jerked off to so often.

By the time I was a senior, I had more or less accepted my fate. Even though I had a girlfriend at this point, I had posted a bunch of ads on craigslist and maintained a profile on an online gay hookup site. I would post ads about how I was a white guy looking for a hung black male, to suck a big black dick, and got a few hits here and there, but never ended up following through. I always ended up getting nervous and chickening out before meeting up. At one point, I even went into a gay bar that was near the campus with the hope of meeting up with someone, but walked out not too long after I went in. 

By the time we graduated college it had become an obsession. I would see black men and picture myself on my knees, pleasuring them. I'd picture myself being forced to suck them as I feigned innocence and disgust. I would think about how long and thick their dicks were, and obsess over BBC interracial porn. My girl and I had sex less and less at this point, but I still considered myself straight, and never actually followed through or did anything despite my growing fixation. We broke up with me shortly before graduation.

The real catalyst for me to act on these fantasies happened the summer after I graduated college. Early in that summer I was rejected by three girls I was trying to date pretty much one right after another. Within the span of a few weeks, each one of them was dating a black guy. After spending more than enough time stalking their Facebook pages, jerking off and feeling sorry for myself, I decided I needed to finally follow through and experience this big black cock for myself.

I knew my parents had a vacation coming up, leaving me home along for two weeks in August. I made a profile on a gay hookup website and posted some personal ads online.

I was torn on this in the weeks leading up to when I actually did it. On the one hand, once I sucked another man's dick, there was really no going back. I didn't want anyone I knew to ever find out about this, if my friends found out I went out of my way to suck a big black dick... 

On the other hand, I couldn't stop thinking about it. When I went online to check my ad and profile at night, my dick would start to get hard in my pants. I felt like it was something I had wanted to do for a long time. Needless to say, if you are reading this, you know what I decided to do.

A few nights after I have the house to myself I work up the courage to arrange a meeting with one of the people I had been chatting with. Working up the courage involved drinking and watching BBC/interracial porn. The guy I was talking with had sent me a picture of himself naked from the neck down. He looked to be in good shape, and certainly fit the big black cock stereotype, to say the least. I remember I kept scrolling back to look at his picture and staring. He asked me for my number. 

What I was about to do became very real when he texted me "Hey :)". I remember it took me ten minutes to text him back as I fretted over what I was going to do. I wanted to back out but then I would look at the videos I had on screen, the other people I had been talking to, and his photo. I think it was his picture that finally did me in. 

I texted him back and he asked me for my address. I hesitated again. This was my last chance to back out. This was the moment where I had to truly decide if I really wanted to go down on another guy. Did I really want to get on my knees and let a big black man stick his cock down my throat? 

I took a long sip off of my beer and texted him my address.

About 25 minutes later he texted me that he was outside. I was nervous as hell at this point, wishing I had backed out. But he had my address and I couldn't just leave him outside. 

I went out and met him and quickly led him inside. I offered him a drink and he obliged, then I led him down to my bedroom.

My room had a small couch in it, so he sat in that while I sad on the bed. It was around 10:30 at night, and the news was on the television. He was wearing basketball shorts and a t-shirt. I was wearing jeans. He was a good-looking guy, in shape, a bit taller than me, with a dark complexion and shaved head. 

I sheepishly explained that I had never done anything like this before, and that that I was a little nervous. He said he thought I looked very nervous, and offered to rub my back. At first I didn't want him to. I felt like I could still say no if needed, and if nothing happened, then no harm no foul, right? He reassured me that we did not have to do anything I didn't want to, and that he was just offering to rub my back.

He climbed on the bed, sat behind me, and started to rub my shoulders. It felt really good, so I kind of leaned back into it. He shifted towards me and before I knew it he was right behind me. I could feel his dick pressed up against the small of my back as he continued to rub my shoulders. It felt massive. I felt my own dick start to get very hard as I found myself slowly grinding my ass into his pelvic area. I was rock hard at this point and felt him start to get larger against my back. He continued to rub my shoulders until I abruptly got up. 

I wanted to suck his big black dick. I got on my knees, looked at him, and told him those exact words. My dick twitched in my pants when I said "big black dick." He did not argue with me. He stood up, took his shirt off, revealing the same body from the picture he sent, and dropped his shorts.

I couldn't believe I was doing this. His long, thick cock hung down past his balls just a foot from my lips. Dark, smooth skin snaked down from a tuft of hair down to a large, bulbous, head. As it swung back and forth between his legs it looked like it had some real weight to it. I reached out and put my hand around it, asking myself what I had gotten into in my head.

It felt warm, and I felt it growing hard in my hand. I was surprised by how thick it felt, even though it was soft. My other hand founds itself on my dick, subbing my rock hard dick while I tried to wake his up. 

I was stoking him and used my other hand to up his balls. I felt him getting hard in my hands. I ran my hand up and around his abs and thighs all while his dick getting harder and harder.

He was huge, much larger than me, but not fully hard yet. I could barely fit my hand around his dick. I was so turned on by being on my knees in front of this hung black man. 

At this point, I just gave in. Here I was, a hung black man in my bedroom, me on my knees in front of him, this was exactly where I've wanted to be for years. 

I grabbed his semi-erect dick at the base and proceeded to slap it off my cheeks and my forehead. I could feel him growing harder and harder as I smack his big black cock off of my face. I rubbed his massive black dick on my cheeks and tentatively licked the side of his rod. 

He looked down on me as he took over. He grabbed the base of his dick and proceeded to furiously cock slap my face, much harder and faster than I was doing. I felt him growing rock hard. He was huge. It was overwhelming. I backed up a little bit and he stopped. 

There are a couple of things that pictures or video can never do justice to. Things that you just have to see in person. A big, fat, black dick is high on that list. His dick stood up, hard, thick, and proud, just inches from my face. My cheeks felt red. I was rock hard and so turned on. I wanted to suck his dick, but, something was stopping me.

I grabbed his dick. It was hard and soft at the same time in my hand. This was the first time I had another mans erect cock in my hand. I remember thinking how warm it was. And how I couldn't touch my fingertips around it.

I held his dick in my left hand, and rubbed my dick through my jeans with my right. I was basically admiring his dick at this point. He looked down at me and told me to suck his dick. 

I felt like a slut. Like a whore. Here I was, on my knees for a big black man with his big black dick, about to pleasure him with my mouth. I couldn't believe what I was doing. But I wanted to be here, to suck this massive black dick in front of me.  

I reached out and gingerly started to suck his dick. His massive head barely fit in my mouth. My dick twitched again in my pants as I put my lips around him. I sucked around his head, licked his shaft up and down, and pulled out, going back to slapping his dick off of my face. 

I looked up at him and told him that it would be better if he made me suck his dick. Right now, I really wanted to be used, to be abused, by this big black cock. He looked down for a split second, then grabbed my head and pulled me down on him. 

I gagged as he shoved his massive shaft down my throat. He pulled my head back off and then pushed me back down his giant, rock hard dick. Saliva welled up in my mouth and dripped down my cheeks as he fucked my face with his big black cock. At one point, he reached down to touch my dick, but I brushed him away, afraid that I might cum. 

Soon I became a sloppy mess. A whore for his big black cock. Spit dripped down my lips and cheeks as he fucked my face with his thick, hard, dick. I gagged and slurped as he used my face for his pleasure. 

At that moment, I felt so inferior to him, and I was loving every moment of it. He was basically fucking my mouth with the biggest dick I had ever seen and person, and here I was on my knees with a raging erection threatening to break the zipper on my jeans. 

At one point, I couldn't breathe and pushed myself away from him. I took him in, staring at his glistening cock. I was so turned on my right hand unconsciously started stroking my dick. With my left hand, I grabbed his dick and started slapping it off of my face. 

I really liked having his big black dick cock slap me. It was the darkest, most secret part of my fantasy. Having his massive black cock lay across my face played into my feelings of inferiority. I felt like it was so degrading to have my face abused by his big black dick. To this day I don't think I have ever been so turned on as I was in that moment. 

After a few seconds I couldn't help myself and I came in my pants. I tried to stop myself, but I couldn't, and I nutted in my all in my jeans and boxers as his massive black dick slapped off of my cheeks and forehead. 

As soon as I came I felt incredibly embarrassed. I just came in my pants after having a big black dick forced down my mouth. At my own request. 

I started to back up. I was thinking about where I was in a whole new light, and I wanted nothing to do with it. The inferiority complex, the desire to be on my knees was all gone one I came. 

I tried to get him to leave, but he insisted that he stayed until he got off too. He said it wasn't fair. He sat down on my bed and told me to suck his dick. 

I looked at him, but felt like I couldn't argue. I leaned towards him and reluctantly started sucking his dick. He grabbed my head and guided me up and down his massive shaft.

This was degrading in a whole new way. Here I was unwilling and spent, and yet he was making me blow him. As I gagged and slurped on his gigantic, rock hard dick I found myself slowly but surely getting turned on again. This was, after all, what I wanted; to have my face used and abused by a big black cock. 

Soon enough, my dick got hard again, pressing against my cum soaked boxers and wet jeans. I was where I had always wanted to be, on my knees for a big black cock.

After a little while he pulled his dick out from between my now-willing lips. A few quick strokes later and he came all over my face, shirt and floor. His massive cock shot load after load like a super soaker. I'll never forget how it his hot, sticky, thick cum felt on my face for the first time. As he left his mark on my face, I was stroking the wet and sticky mess in my jeans and once again came in my pants. 

I felt the cum roll off my face onto my floor. While my left hand continued to rub my quickly softening dick, my right hand went up and touched a wad of cum on my cheek. 

I sat there on my knees for a moment, taking in what just happened. He laid back on my bed, and I could see his thick cock and massive balls glistening in the light with a combination of my spit and his cum. I looked down and saw the cum stains on my pants and his jizz on my floor. Another glob of cum ran off my face and onto the floor next to me. 

He put his shorts on and grabbed me a towel from the laundry. I was a cum covered mess. It seemed like he dumped a gallon of jizz on me. My hair, my shirt... I needed to take a shower. And clean my floor. Cum was everywhere. 

He got dressed and left my house. I took a long hot shower and felt so dirty. We never even exchanged names. I felt disgusted and swore I would never do anything like that again, but deep in the back of my mind, I knew I was lying.