 I had been curious about being with guy for a long time. I really wanted to suck cock and could not stop thinking about it. I found a gay hookup site and talked with a few guys. I told them that I had never been with a guy before and I was a bit shy. All the guys were very understanding but only one understood that I needed a guy who would be a little forceful with me.

He kept trying to set up a meeting with me so he could feed me his cock. I was a little unsure so he asked if we could chat on the phone instead. 

After we chatted for a little while about my urges, he let me know that he was hard and stroking his cock. He asked what I would do if I was there with him. I had dreamed of sucking cock for so long so I had imagined this scenario a thousand times. 

I told him I would get down on my knees between his legs and start to kiss and lick his cock up and down the shaft. He groaned deeply and I could tell he was working his cock. I got so hard thinking this guy was jerking to my fantasy. I described how I would lick around his cockhead and hold his balls in my hand. Then I told him I would take his cock deeper in my mouth and swallow him deeper. He groaned again and I could hear he was breathing harder. 

"Do you want to swallow my cum?" he asked.

"Yes, shoot it in my mouth." 

"You're going to make me cum."

"Feel my mouth going deep on your cock."

"I'm really close." 

I stroked my cock and listened to his heavy breath.

"I want to taste your cum so much. Make me swallow it."

That took him over the edge. He moaned loudly and started to cum.

"Hmmm fuck, eat my cum."

I shot my load at the same time. I couldn't believe that I just helped a guy shoot his load.

"We should really try this in person." he said with a little laugh.

I agreed. I was ready now. Feeling his lust and hearing him cum made me eager to go further. We arranged a meeting for two days later. He wanted to meet me in his truck in a secluded spot.

We met early in the morning and I found his truck and pulled up next to him. I got inside and was sitting next to him. This reminded me of my college days when I would find a secret place to park with cute girls who would go down on me. Now I was the one who was going to go down. It was really exciting to have a guy wanting my mouth on his cock.

After chatting for a few minutes, he said, "I brought breakfast for you."

I was a little confused. Then he pulled his shirt up to reveal his hard cock. His pants were open and he was rock hard. His cock was really long and had a nice curve. Again, he was taking charge to keep things going.

Now I was looking at my first cock. Now I knew this would really happen. I was too nervous to make a move. So he put his hand on the back of my neck and guided my mouth closer to his hard cock. It was and inch away from my lips and I was scared.

"It's just like a lollipop," he said as his eyes moved between my mouth and the tip of his cock.

I think this guy had initiated a few guys before. He knew I was nervous and knew how to keep me from backing out.

He took his hand away and I remained there with my lips an inch away from his cock. I leaned down and kissed the tip of his cock. He took his hands away to let me know I shouldn't hold back. I slid his cock head between my lips and licked around it. I was surprised that it felt so natural. I didn't need to think about what to do. It was all just instinct.

I felt his hand on my neck again and I slid my mouth farther down on his cock.

As his cock filled my mouth, he said, "Good boy."

I couldn't believe I was bent over sucking a guy's cock in his truck. So many times I had a girl hunched over me in my car and now I was the girl. I loved thinking that he was getting so much pleasure from my warm mouth.

"That's really good. Take it deeper. Keep some suction on it while you move up and down."

His cock felt so hot on my tongue. His hand on my neck told me that I couldn't stop until he was done. Before we started, I was really nervous about letting him shoot his cum in my mouth. Now I was so eager to make cum and feed me.

His breathing was very heavy now and he was moving his hips to slide his cock in and out of my mouth. 

"When I cum, don't stop sucking."

I moaned to let him know would not stop. A strong desire to serve him and please him had welled up inside me. I was so excited by this new feeling.

He groaned loudly and he pushed his cock deep into my mouth. I felt his cum shoot into my mouth. It was so hot and he was so loud. I swallowed quickly and tried to keep up. I was shocked by how bitter and salty his cum tasted and he kept squirting more. Part of me wanted to stop and spit it out but at the same time, I really wanted to give him a great orgasm. He had a handful of my hair and fucked my mouth like a wet pussy. 

"Swallow my cum. Keep sucking."

My mouth was so wet and slick with his cum. I think it must have felt so good for him.

I kept swallowing and sucking his hard cock. I could feel him twitching on my tongue. He held my head tight and pushed me down on his cock. 

"Just hold me in your mouth."

He held me down for a long time. He finally pulled my head back and was there looking at his wet cock now wet from my mouth. He started to stroke his cock and squeezed the tip. A single drop of cum appeared.

"That's for you."

I put my lips to his cockhead again and sucked out the hot drop of cum. I kept my lips on his cock and licked his peehole clean.

I sat back and savored the strong taste of his cum. He held the base of his cock and waved it around. 

"This is available for you anytime."

I've been sucking him for a while now. I love to make him cum. He likes to call me and tell me he has a 3-day load for me to swallow. My heart starts to beat faster when I hear his voice on the phone and I imagine him rubbing his hard cock through his pants.

He keeps asking about fucking me. I'm really nervous about anal but I think he'll find a way to persuade me. Serving him orally is so amazing so I think letting him fuck my ass would be an even deeper level of submission.