 A personal ad I ran on Craigslist:

Are you married or str8 & curious about letting a man suck your cock? - 49

I'm married, but I was curious about what it would be like to suck a cock. So I placed a CL ad. After screening through all the replies and exchanging some pics and very hot and naughty emails, I met this married man at his house while his wife was away. We were both kind of nervous, but I had told him about what turned me on. So we went into his bedroom and he took off his pants, exposing his cock, which was already starting to stiffen, and asked me to take off my pants too. I was a bit unsure about how to start, so he put his hands on my shoulders and pushed down a bit, and said, "Be a good girl and kneel down for me." So I sank to my knees and tentatively gave his cock a lick. He whispered, "Suck it. Wrap your lips around my cockhead and please your man." So I did. It felt kind of rubbery, and it felt both weird and incredibly exciting to be on my knees with a rapidly stiffening cock in my mouth, my first time. I kept licking and sucking and bobbing my mouth around his cockhead and the sensitive area all around the rim, getting totally turned on by giving such pleasure to this hard man. He groaned as I rapidly flicked my tongue, his cock rock hard by now. He grabbed my head with both hands and started pushing his shaft inside my mouth and said, "Deepthroat me. Take all my cock down your throat." I was so turned on, I was ready to do anything he asked, so I grabbed his firm butt and pushed his big cock all the way inside. It hurt a bit when his cockhead hit the back of my throat, but it felt so sexy and exciting to have my mouth and throat stuffed full of his meat, to be treated like a girl and have his hands pushing on my bobbing head as he thrust his cock again and again inside my mouth, groaning and moaning and saying, "What a good little cocksucker you are, such a good girl, take it deep, take all my dick inside your dirty little mouth." 

I had to pull off and catch my breath, looking up into his glazed eyes full of lust, and then he said, "Can I fuck your ass?" I hadn't planned on that -- we certainly hadn't discussed that in our emails -- but I was so turned on that I nodded "yes", then said, "But only if you use a condom." 

He reached down to his pants heaped on the floor and pulled a rubber out of his pants pocket. "Stand up and bend over." 

I did, putting my hands on the bed. I couldn't believe I was going to let him fuck my ass. But I wanted to please him, because I was so turned on. 

"Spread your legs." I did that too. I felt his hands parting my cheeks. I looked over my shoulder and he looked a bit apprehensive, though his cock was hard and starting to press again my cheeks, still no condom on it, a bit of precum rubbing on my cheeks. 

He looked at the condom. "I don't need this. I'm clean. I've only fucked my wife." 

"No," I said. "You gotta be safe." 

"Nevermind," he said. "Let me cum in your mouth. Will you swallow my cum? Will you be a good girlfriend and do that for me?" 

I turned around and sunk to my knees again. He grabbed my hair with both hands and slid his cock down my throat again and started to fuck my face hard while I squeezed his hard ass and hung on, letting him push my head down again and again on his shaft, impaling himself deep inside my throat. His cock was hurting my throat but I was loving every moment, loving my first face fucking. Then he moaned and switched to quick shallow strokes, just his cockhead rapidly pushing between my lips, and then he groaned loudly and said, "Here it comes. Swallow it, bitch," and I felt him cum in my mouth. I swallowed his cum as he spurted a few more times. It was salty and tasted good. 

Later that night, I fucked the hell out of my wife -- twice -- remembering how sexy and good it felt being the woman for a change, having a man's hard cock exploding cum inside my mouth, emptying his lust inside me. 

So that was my first time sucking a cock. My throat's still a bit sore, but I want to do this again! Do you want to be my second cock to suck? If so, you need to be married (or straight and have a girlfriend), DDF and clean, able to host, and SAFE. Send a face pic, stats, and tell me what turns you on, how you want me to please you. Show some intelligence and thought here, please. If no pic, or some BS one line reply, it gets deleted.