 Last night was a big night. It finally happened! I have been curious about messing with guys for as long as I can remember, and have been to some glory holes over the years where I stroked a few cocks through the holes, but never had the nerve to take one in my mouth. I came close almost a year ago when I licked the tip of one, but that's as far as it had ever gone. I pretty much went to those places to get serviced myself. Last night was a different story.

I had been out with some friends till pretty late (or early, depending on how you look at it) and when we left that bar, I was going to meet up with another friend at another spot about 15 minutes down the highway. I was my usually horny self after having had several drinks throughout the night, and was thinking that my girlfriend would probably disappoint again, so I was hoping to maybe find some hotties at the next place. On the way there, the exit I needed to get off was closed for construction so I had to get off the next one and backtrack. On the way to the next exit, I decided to pull into a local rest area that is known to be a cruising spot from time to time. I had pulled in there several times in the past just to take a look. Usually I would just walk past the cars and head to the bathroom, take a leak (or pretend to) and be on my way.

There were a few cars parked down at the end of the parking area which is where you would park if you were hoping to hook up, so I parked down by them and got out. I walked to the bathroom, looking into each car as I passed, and was surprised to see that most of them seemed to be empty. I don't know if guys were already in the woods or with some of the truckers parked across the way or what. I went into the bathroom, dick the obligatory pee, and walked back to my car. On the way back, I noticed that there was a guy in the car next to mine. I don't remember seeing him when I pulled in. I decided to take a chance and see if he was there for the same reason I was. 

I pretended that I was unfamiliar with the area and mentioned the closed exit. I asked him if I needed to just get off the next exit and head back north, and how long it would take and whatnot. He said that would work and that it was just a few minutes down the road to get to the next exit. I thanked him and got back in my car. My heart was pounding by now as I was trying to decide if now was the time to make a move. I started my car and almost drove away and then decided that it was now or never. I shut off my car and walked back over to his car and he rolled his window down. 

"So what are you doing here, just resting or whatever?" I said. 

"Yeah, pretty much, why?" he replied while glancing up. 

"Well, I guess sometimes guys are looking to hang out or whatever when they're parked here so I just figured I'd ask" I said with a slight grin.

When I looked in his car, I saw that his pants were undone and he had his cock out and was stroking it. I also noticed that it was already pretty hard. I reached in through his window and stroked his cock a few times, which felt so warm and hard in my cold hand. 

I looked at him while holding his cock and said, "Do you want me to come in there with you?" He just nodded. I went around to the passenger side and opened the door and climbed in the front seat next to him. I couldn't believe it was actually happening. After all the years of fantasizing about it, and all the drinks, it was like a dream. He still had his cock out and I started stroking it some more. 

"I'm not really sure how this is going to work," I said, because his car wasn't really that big in the front seat area. 

"well, the seat goes back," he replied, and with that, he reclined his seat all the way back. Now was the moment I had been going over in my mind for years.

I slid my hips sideways towards the passenger door and bent over into his lap, taking his hard cock into my mouth and he let out a little moan. I couldn't believe it, I was officially a cocksucker, and I was officially loving it. I was stroking it up and down with my right hand, and sucking it all the way in, doing my best to deep throat his now molten rock-hard cock. I always worried that if I ever actually put a cock in my mouth that I would probably gag, but here I was going at it like a pro instead of first-timer. Sometimes I would pull it out and just look at the head for a second before giving the tip a few extra licks and sucks before sliding it back into my now cock-hungry mouth. I switched hands so that I could use my right hand to rub his balls through his pants. 

So now, I have his stiff cock in my mouth, sucking it for all it's worth while stroking it with one hand and rubbing his sack with the other. I was really getting the hang of it. 

I have to admit, there were a couple times where, in between moans, he whispered, "Watch the teeth," but hey, for a first time, I'd say that's not too bad at all. He started moving his hips up and down to fuck my mouth and I knew he was really getting into it. 

He started moaning things like, "Yeah, suck that cock," and, "Ohhh, that's it." I was feeling pretty good about my skills by this point. Not too long after, he had his hand on my head and he moaned softly, "Ohh, I'm going to shoot soon," I guess he wanted to give me the chance to back off or finish him with my hand. I figured I had made it this far, why stop now. I started sucking him and stroking him faster, with his cock all the way in my mouth so that I could feel the head at the back of my throat. After about another 30 seconds or so, I feel his cock started to pulsate, and the unfamiliar salty, yet pleasant sensation of his hot cum hitting the back of my throat. I'm proud to say, I didn't miss a beat (or a bit!), I just kept stroking and sucking as he moaned and shot 4 or 5 hot streams of cum into the back of my throat which I hungrily swallowed. I took his still hard cock out of my mouth, and while looking at the head, grabbed it at the base and pulling up to the tip, milking the last big drop of jizz out of there, which I gladly cleaned up by sucking just the head into my mouth and swallowing the last evidence of my hard work. 

As I looked up at him I said, "Wow, that was pretty fast." 

He kind of shyly chuckled and said, "Yeah, sorry about that" 

"That's okay, I'm in a hurry anyway!" was my reply.

With that, I got out of the car, turned and said, "See you around." 

"Yeah, you too. Thanks," he answered back.

I jumped in my car and drove away. My hands are shaking as I write this, not only with the hot memories of last night and my first foray into cocksucking, but they are also shaking with the excited anticipation of doing it again real soon!