 I was a typical high school senior. A 3 sport athlete, 6' 1", only 140 pounds, still needing to fill out my frame. It was Friday night and I had no plans, having just broken up with my girlfriend. I asked my big brother if I could tag along with him and his buddy as they went women hunting and he agreed. 

We got to his buddy Bruce's house. He was home from college. He was a real stud, six feet tall, a muscular 180 lbs. without an ounce of fat. He was a scholarship wrestler and strong as an ox. He was a real lady killer and I thought with him along we were sure to have success. As it turned out, all he wanted to talk about was his fiancé. We end up kidding him as he said he wasn't getting any as she was saving it for their wedding night. He did brag that she would give him great blowjobs, which was something I hadn't considered, but was sure I'd enjoy getting one. 

We drank too much and decided to crash at Bruce's house. There weren't enough beds, so I had to share Bruce's bed with him. It was a queen, so I figured there would be plenty of room. We stripped down to our boxers and I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. 

I was having a great, realistic dream. A beautiful woman was passionately kissing me, exploring my mouth with her tongue and rubbing my chest. She squeezed my chest and then pinched my nipple hard. I awakened and realized it was Bruce! His eyes were closed and he continued to aggressively tongue my mouth and massage was chest. I was confused, how do I get him to stop without waking him up? Then I thought, do I want him to stop? I realized I had a raging hard on and I was enjoying his kissing. Man, he was a great kisser. 

Before I could think, he grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand to his cock. I resisted, but he was much stronger than me. His eyes were still closed. Was he really still asleep? Was he dreaming about his fiancé? He wrapped my hand around his cock and started stroking his cock with my hand. I couldn't see it as he was still probing my mouth with his tongue. His cock was the same thickness as mine, but had to be a couple of inches longer than my 6 inches. I found myself gently sucking on his tongue as I stroked his cock. I had never seen a hard cock other than mine, much less touch it and stroke it. I really was wanting to see it. 

Bruce rolled half way onto his back, pulling me with him, never breaking our kiss. As I continued to stroke his cock, he grabbed my shoulder and pulled my head down to his muscular chest. I wasn't sure what to do so I kissed and sucked on his nipple. He continued to push my head lower and I was admiring his washboard abs and tongued his belly button. What an awesome body, and I still haven't seen the best part. 

I had never thought about being with a man or been turned on by a man. Yet here I was, tonguing a man's belly button and stroking his cock and I realize I've never been harder or more Excited. He didn't need to push anymore, as I moved down and saw his beautiful cock for the first time. It had to be 8 inches and was perfectly shaped. I rubbed the head across my lips and then licked around the big mushroom head. It was so soft, yet so hard. I took the head in my mouth and locked my lips around it and continued to lick around it. I thought to myself I will never be able to get the whole length in my mouth. Could he still be asleep? I looked up and could see in the moonlight that his eyes were closed. 

The thought entered my mind that I wanted to be sure I gave him a blowjob better than what he got from his fiancé. My focus returned to the awesome cock in my mouth. I started bobbing up and down, keeping good suction and massaging with my tongue. I was really enjoying this new experience as he grabbed my head with both hands and started pumping his cock deeper and faster. I found my nose hitting his stomach with each stroke as his cock would enter my throat. He pumped faster and faster then he suddenly stopped, holding my head firmly, and I felt his cock pulse as he filled my mouth with his delicious cum. I instinctively swallowed, enjoying my first taste of cum. He let go of my head, and I continued to suck on his cock gently as it softened in my mouth. Bruce rolled away from me and his cock popped out of my mouth. 

I lay back and thought to myself, what just happened? Did I just suck a cock? Does that make me a... I quickly was back asleep. 

The next morning I awoke and didn't know what to think. Was it a dream? As we started to get dressed, Bruce asked me how I slept. I said I tossed and turned a lot, and hoped my restlessness didn't bother him. He said not at all, it was one of the best night's sleep he had ever had. 

I thought one of several things happened. It was all a dream, not likely. Bruce slept through it all, having had a great dream about his fiancé, or, Bruce was awake the whole time, seeing if he could turn me into a cocksucker. It was clear he wasn't going to say anything, so neither would I. 

As we started to walk out to the kitchen, Bruce stopped me and touched my chin. He said that I needed to wash my face as I had a dried stream of slobber running out of the counter of my mouth, gave me a quick wink and walked out. He knew, and I guess we have an unspoken secret. And this makes me a...