 So here is a little background, at the time of this incident, I was 20, almost 21 years old. I always believed myself to be a straight guy, but in my late teens, I started surfing internet porn. As my curiosity grew, I found myself surfing gay porn. I wouldn't say I was attracted to men, but I started to fantasize about men's cocks...in particular, uncut ones. After a couple of years, I finally decided to explore this fantasy of mine and joined a gay dating site specifically aimed at hook-ups.

That's where I met Jimmy, I was able to narrow my searches to distance, interests, and physical attributes, more importantly, details of their cocks. When I read his profile, I was immediately interested. He was a good 10-15 years older than me, average shape, decent length and girth cock, and to top it all off, uncut. And boy was he uncut, we exchanged e-mails where he sent me pictures, and he had one of the most gorgeous cock's I'd ever seen. Thick, veiny, a nice very smooth, moist looking pink head, and foreskin that could cover his cock even when hard. I knew I just had to try it out and see if I'd like it. We exchanged e-mails for a couple months, and he gave me his number to call him, so I did a few times, and told him what I was interested in doing with him. Finally when I was comfortable enough with him, we arranged a meet.

Well we met up at a big public parking lot near a sports venue. I told him what my car looked like, he told me what he drove, and when he pulled up, he parked two spots over from me. I got out of my car and walked over to his passenger window, he rolled it down and said "are you Ricky?'' to which I responded "yeah, are you Jimmy?" He said yes and I got in the passenger seat.

He drove around and parked somewhere off to the side in this enormous parking lot we were in, where there were no other cars for at least 50 yards. We started talking and rubbing each others thighs, telling each other what we wanted to do, and just getting heated up in the moment. I told him that I'd never been with a man before, but that I was really excited to try it out. He told me that he couldn't wait to show me my first time and that he hoped I would enjoy myself.

Finally we moved to the back seat of his SUV, and while I rubbed his now engorged cock through his tight denim jeans, I told him "please show me this big uncut cock of yours!" I then leaned back in my seat, and he unzipped his pants and slid his jeans down to his ankles while he just sat there. As I stared at his white Tommy Hilfiger briefs, he said "it's right there baby, all you have to do is take it out."

Next thing you know, I am on my knees in the back seat of his SUV with my fingers hooked into the waistband of his underwear, and my face inches away from his hard musky cock. As I looked up at him, Jimmy smiled at me, and at that point I knew exactly what I wanted to do. I pulled his briefs back, his cock sprang out and slapped against his furry stomach. He had a tan-line from his underwear, the kind you see on porn stars, and I was mesmerized. I leaned in and smelled his cock, it smelled so hot, not dirty, not too sweaty, but not feminine either. He had a man's musk, and as I smelled it, I started to lick it. Up and down, from the base to the shaft, I licked his cock. I swirled my tongue around to get all sides of his cock and proceeded to bathe it with my tongue. As he jerked his head back and forth, stealing glances at me here and there, I finally got down to what I really wanted. I spread his thighs as far as I could, grabbed the base of his cock, and pointed that hot, moist shaft to my lips. At that point, I couldn't hold back. I started bobbing my head up and down, tasting this gorgeous man's delicious cock for the first time. I popped my head up and peeled the foreskin back, getting a good look at it before I engulfed it in my mouth again.

As I picked up the pace, I started trying new things. I put my hands on his hips, rubbed his inner thighs, massaged his balls, grabbed and stroked his cock with my hand while I sucked it, ran his foreskin back and forth over the head lightly using my teeth, I was thoroughly enjoying myself. At one point I pulled his skin back and licked all around the head and even ran my tongue up and down his piss slit.

While all of this was going on, Jimmy was going crazy, running his fingers trough my hair, sliding my pants below my waist and massaging my ass.

Jimmy said he wanted to taste me too before I finished him off, so I sat up and dropped my pants and boxers to my ankles, and he just went to town on me. It was only a couple minutes, but I was so hot from being this intimate with a man, that I told Jimmy that I was going to cum soon. he looked up at me, and I said "If you let me cum in your mouth, I'll let you cum in mine." Jimmy smiled at me with his lips pressed against my cock head and said "okay." Next thing you know, Jimmy is bobbing up and down on my cock like no tomorrow, and I shot my load down his throat in less than a minute.

True to my word, Jimmy sat back up on the seat, and I continued my first blowjob on a man. I stroked him, sucked him, licked him, flicked my tongue on the head of his cock. I suck on his balls, massaged them while I stroked him, I even tried to deep throat him. Finally after about 10 minutes, Jimmy dumped a couple mouthfuls of hot, gooey, and tasty cum in my mouth. I had finally done it, I sucked a hot older man's uncut cock, and I knew at that point, I'd be back for more. I was absolutely sprung on Jimmy's cock in particular, and I promised him that I'd call him again soon...I did, and that is a story for another time.