 It was getting close to when I had to commit to where I was going to go to college in the fall. I was leaning towards picking State and my mom was telling me I really needed to go for a campus visit. She suggested that I call Bruce, that she was sure he'd be happy to give me a place to stay and give me a campus tour. It had been over a month since the "night" he turned me into a one time cocksucker, and I had done my best to put it out of my mind. After all, I'm not gay. If mom knew what had happened, she would forbid me from ever talking to Bruce again, much less go spend the weekend with him. She kept nagging me to call Bruce, so I finally agreed to call him. 

I called Bruce and he recognized my voice and said it was great to hear from me, that he was hoping I would call. I explained the purpose of the call and he indicated he would be happy to give me a tour and I could stay at his apartment. He gave me his address and I Told him I'd be driving up Friday afternoon, getting in around dinner time. All week I thought back on the night. I had to admit to myself that he was the best kisser I had ever kissed, in spite of being a man, the only man I had ever kissed. And I had to admit that sucking his cock was a real thrill, and I had surprised myself at how eager I was to eat his cum, and loved it. I kept telling myself that sucking cock once did not make me gay, and I was determined that nothing else would happen this weekend. 

On the drive up to campus my mind kept wandering to the memory of his great cock. I could see it and taste it. I quickly thought of something else, anything else, as I was not gay and wasn't going to do anything gay. I figured I'd be safe as I was sure his fiancé would be tagging along. 

I arrived, parked and went into the building and caught the elevator up to his apartment. I knocked and Bruce answered and invited me in. It was an efficiency apartment. He grabbed my bag and threw it on the one, only bed. At least it's a queen, as I remember thinking that before. He mentioned that his fiancé had to go home for the weekend, so it would be some good man time. I wasn't sure what he meant by that. 

He asked if I was hungry, and I said I was starved. He said there was a great pizza place just off campus, and we headed out. On the way we were passing the student gym. 

Knowing I was a gym rat that loved to work out, he suggested we check it out. I was amazed how big it was when we walked in. There were huge free weight, weight machines and cardio areas. He said the best feature was the lap pool and sauna. We had to enter through the locker room, which was also impressive. As we walked through, there was a serious weight lifter that had just gotten out of the shower. He had to be 250 pounds of pure muscle, dark tan, and covered with just the right amount of manly, sexy dark hair. He was standing there completely naked, towel drying his long dark hair. His big, uncut cock was swinging as a result of his hair drying efforts. I took it all in as we went past to the pool. It was an amazing gym that I would definitely use. 

As we drove to the pizza joint Bruce asked me if I was gay. I answered no, why would you ask me that? He said he noticed me staring at the stud in the locker room. I said I definitely noticed him, who wouldn't. Bruce said he noticed him, too, but he said he was watching me and noticed that my stare was focused on his cock and my head turned and I continued to stare even after we had gone past him. 

We parked and were walking in to the pizza joint and I noticed a bar next door that had the rainbow flag in the window. I wasn't expecting to see a gay bar, but what the hell... We ordered a large meat lovers and a pitcher of beer. The beer was going down easy, as I was thirsty from the long drive. We were just finishing the pitcher when the pizza arrived, some we ordered another pitcher. It was getting late and I was getting tired, so when we finished the pizza and beer we headed back to Bruce's apartment. 

We got back to the apartment and started getting ready for bed. Bruce commented that a queen was big enough for us last time, so I was welcome to share his bed. I didn't want to sleep on the floor, so I accepted. We both stripped down to our boxers, Bruce put on some music and turned off the lights. There was enough light coming through the windows and I noticed Bruce take his boxers off. I could see his awesome cock in the low light and he saw that I noticed and was staring at his cock. He climbed into bed and said he preferred sleeping naked, and suggested that I should too. I also prefer to sleep naked and pulled my boxers off. 

I lay still, listening to the music and waiting for Bruce to make a move. I planned on stopping him and not allowing a repeat of the "night". I kept telling myself I'm not gay. I lay there through several songs, wondering why he wasn't making a move. I kept telling myself that I didn't want to stroke his cock, lick it, take it deep in my throat and taste his delicious cum. 

His stillness was driving me crazy. I noticed I had a raging hard on thinking about sucking his awesome cock. I couldn't stand it any longer and rolled over and grabbed his right peck and started massaging it as I licked and nibbled on his left nipple. I heard Bruce moan. I stared licking and kissing my way down his stomach as I grabbed his growing cock. 

This time I needed no urging, and eagerly began licking his big cock. Bruce moaned and told me to suck his balls. I licked the sacks and then sucked one and then both into my mouth, massaging them with my tongue. They were so big I could barely get them both in my mouth at the same time. I continued to stroke his cock as I enjoyed having his balls in my mouth. I wanted to get his cock back in my mouth, so I allowed his balls to slip out of my mouth and quickly filled it with his big cock, taking into my throat, humming on it as I bobbed slowly the entire length. 

I noticed Bruce reach over to the night stand and grab a small tube. He sat up and his cock popped out of my mouth. He used one of his wrestling moves and I found myself flat on my stomach with him on top of me. He started rubbing my ass. I asked him what he was doing and he told me to relax, that he knows I want it and I'm going to love it. I knew I was under his control physically, with him being much stronger and a star wrestler, and also under his control emotionally. I knew what was coming, he was going to fuck my virgin ass. I could accept, even enjoyed sucking his cock, but had never even thought about Bruce fucking me. 

I felt him squirt some lube in my ass and start rubbing my hole, sticking a finger in and start moving it in and out of my ass. Soon a second finger, and then a third were probing, stretching my ass. Surprisingly I was enjoying the attention he was paying to my ass, it actually felt good and I found myself moving my ass in motion with his probing. Suddenly he pulled his fingers out and pulled me up on my knees, and I felt him rubbing his lubed cock up and down my crack and then pushing the head of his big cock into my virgin ass. He told me to relax, that once I let it in I was going to love it. Bruce slowly eased it in and continued to gently push it in until I felt his body hit my ass, and I knew I had his entire 8 inches in me. He began pumping in and out slowly. I felt a wonderful sensation that was totally new and unexpected. His big cock was rubbing my prostate sending waves of pleasure through my body. I was aware that my cock was ready to explode and I wasn't touching it. The pleasure was more intense than anything I ever felt fucking a woman. I knew I was on the verge of coming. Bruce continued to pump my ass with his magical cock. I was breathing hard, pushing my ass back against him, wanting every inch of his cock to fuck me and send waves of pleasure through my body. I could hear Bruce's heavy breathing and knew he was also getting close. Each time he plunged his cock into my ass I was closer to coming. The pleasure was building, my entire body was tingling, and I was overcome with the most intense orgasm of my life. My ass started squeezing Bruce's cock as my cock exploded, shooting cum onto my chest, stomach and the bed. Bruce moaned that he was coming as I felt him push it in, holding his cock deep in my ass and I felt it throbbing as he unloaded his load of cum deep in my ass. I collapsed flat on my stomach, and Bruce fell onto my back, with his cock still in my ass. He kissed my neck and said I was the first man he had ever fucked and I was the best fuck he had ever had. I fell asleep without either of us moving. 

I woke before Bruce and got up, needing to take a shower to wash the dried cum off my chest and stomach, and out of my ass. I was just finishing washing when Bruce joined me in the shower. We started lathering him up and washing him. I told him I didn't know what to think about last night, but I knew I enjoyed it. I said, as I started stroking his cock to erection, the one down side to him fucking me was I missed eating his delicious cum. He looked me in the eyes and asked me what I was waiting for, grabbing my shoulders and pushing me down. It was really erotic as I started deepthroating him with the shower running over us. It didn't take long for Bruce to reward me with load of his cum, which I savored, realizing I was developing a real desire for it. 

We got dressed and headedout for a full day of touring everything there was to see. It was getting late in the day and Bruce suggested we go back to the same pizza joint as he said they also had the best subs in town. We arrived, ordered subs and a pitcher of beer. We had talked trash all day and I really had a great time with Bruce. Not once did our sexual activity come up in discussion, which was fine with me. I was struggling with how much I enjoyed sucking Bruce's amazing cock and the unbelievable orgasm I had from him fucking me. After all, I'm straight. We drank the beer and finished our subs. They were good. 

As were leaving, Bruce suggested we grab a beer at the bar next door. I hesitated, but Bruce insisted. Maybe it wasn't a gay bar. We walked in and sat on stools at the bar and ordered a couple of beers. I looked around, it didn't seem much different than any other bars, except I noticed posters of some real hot men, shirtless, some in g strings. It was definitely a gay bar full of college age men. I didn't see any women. As I finished my beer Bruce ordered 2 more before I could suggest that we leave. 

As I took a chug, Bruce asked me again if I was gay. I said no. I asked him if he was. He said no, the thought of putting a dick in his mouth was repulsive, and to let a man cum in his mouth was downright gross. He said he would never even ask his fiancé to let him cum in her mouth, and she had never done that. 

He said that on the "night", he had been dreaming about his fiancé, when he woke up to find me sucking his cock. He started to stop me, but it felt so good that he decided to pretend to be asleep. He couldn't believe how passionately I was attacking his cock, and was surprised that I willingly ate his cum. He never had thought I was gay, but I was so good at cocksucking that I must be gay, but in denial. He said he always likes to be in control and prefers fucking. He thought by fucking me last night it would help me come to accept my gayness. I again stated that I am not gay, just because I gave him a blowjob and let him fuck me did not make me gay. I told him that I hadn't done anything with any other men and had no desire to do so. I chugged my beer and told him that I needed to take a piss and then I wanted to leave. 

I headed to the bathroom down a hall in the back. I went in and saw three stalls and three urinals. I went up to the middle urinal and unbuttoned my jeans, unzipped and pulled my cock out. As Istarted to piss I noticed there was a wide mirror, the full width of the three urinals, at face level, but angled down so that you were looking at your cock. At that time a guy came up to the urinal on my left. I was able to watch him in the mirror. He unbuttoned his jeans, unzipped, and pulled his cock out. As I watched his cock, it struck me that it appeared to be the same size, shape and color as my cock. I finished pissing and stood there stroking my cock to an erection watching his cock. I commented that his cock looked just like mine. I could tell he was checking my cock out as he finished and shook his off. He said he agreed as he turned towards me and grabbed my cock and pulled it next to his and started stroking them together. They really did look identical. Some other guys had come in and we were in their way. My cock twin pulled me by my cock across the room and leaned back against the wall. I said I always wondered what it would be like to suck my own cock. He replied now was my chance. He grabbed my shoulders and started pushing me down. 

I started to lean over and felt my jeans slide down off my ass, exposing my crack. I took my cock twin unto my mouth, sucking it deep Ito my mouth, using my tongue and starting to slowly bob up and down the full length. I felt hands massaging my ass and pulling my jeans down to the floor. I stopped sucking my twin cock long enough to look around to see a good looking guy rubbing his big cock on my ass. It had to be as long as Bruce's, and was thicker. He was spitting on my ass and his cock, gettin them lubed up. I retuned to sucking my cock twin, loving how it felt in my mouth and probing my throat. My new back door friend was starting to push his big cock in my ass. At first I didn't think he was going to get it in. He kept spitting on it and I focused on relaxing my ass and he finally was easing his fat cock into my inexperienced ass. He filled me and I started feeling the intense pleasure as he massaged my prostate with each stroke of his cock. I couldn't believe I was getting fucked in the ass and sucking a cock at the same time, and in a bar's rest room, with at least a couple of others watching. 

I was consumed with pleasure. My whole body was shivering, my cock was nearing an orgasm, and just like when Bruce fucked me, I wasn't touching my cock. I was startled by a flash. I tried to look to see where it came from, but my cock twin wouldn't let me back off his cock. There was another flash, then several more and out of the corner of my eye I could see it was Bruce taking close ups of me sucking cock. I saw some more flashes and knew he was taking close ups of me getting fucked in my ass. My two friends were now both fucking my ass and mouth faster and harder. I heard Bruce say he was ready to leave whenever I was finished. There was no stopping now. I was experiencing such intense pleasure that my ass was spasming on the big cock that was probing it, sending my back door friend over the edge, and I felt his cock start to jerk in my ass as he unloaded his cum deep in my ass. This was all I could take and I felt an intense orgasm flood my body as I shot steams of cum. Only my cock twin hadn't come yet. I gave his cock my best and was rewarded as he unloaded his cum in my mouth. As I finished sucking him dry I felt the cock being pulled out of my ass. 

I kissed each of my new friends deeply and thanked them for a great experience, pulled up my pants and walked out. I found Bruce stil sitting at the bar. We left and walked to the car without a word. As Bruce drove he looked over at me and asked me again, was I gay. I didn't answer. He said he had some great pictures he could show me if I still had any doubts. I told him what happened on the "night" before he woke up to find me sucking his cock and had he not kissed me and pulled my hand onto his cock and pushed my head down to his cock, none of this would have happened. 

He apologized, not realizing what had happened, he thought I had been the aggressor. I told him there was no need to apologize and said I wanted to thank him for helping me discover who I really am. I am a cocksucker and love getting fucked in the ass.