 I guess I’d have to say that I’m a mostly straight guy.  I love women in every way (and I do mean every way), and I’ve never had any romantic or emotional desires for men.  I’ve never even found conventionally good-looking men physically attractive or desirable.  I suppose I can’t say I’m 100% straight, though, because I've always had an incredibly strong attraction to one specific male feature:  a big, hard, circumcised penis. I’ve read other stories about mostly straight guys who have similar gay urges but aren’t really attracted to men on any other level; it seems fairly common.  Maybe we need our own new sexual category. 

By my late teens, I fantasized fairly equally about sex with both men and women.  In the real world, however, I only seriously thought about girls.   I had a few sexual experiences with girls in my teens and early twenties, and they were quite satisfying.  I fell in love a couple times, and generally was only interested in being involved with girls.  I would still often masturbate to the thought of sucking a big cock, but it stayed in the realm of fantasy.  

In my early twenties, in 1994, I got a job as a bank teller in a small town bank in Northern Virginia.  I became friends with another teller,  a cool guy named Jim.  Jim was about the same age as me.  We were both on the short side, about 5’7”, although Jim was thin and wiry, while I was more muscular and athletic.  We really hit it off, and we both had a similar sense of humor.  We’d often go out for a beer after work, and one night, after a couple beers, the subject turned to sex.  

Like me, Jim didn’t currently have a girlfriend, but he admitted that he really liked porn a lot, and that he would occasionally go to a local porn shop for videos and magazines.  This was before the era of the easy accessibility of internet porn, so videotapes and magazines were the primary way that young guys could satisfy their desire for sexual images and scenarios that they might not be experiencing in their real lives.  

We decided to go to the porn shop the next evening after work.  Jim drove, and as we were driving along, we started talking more about our sexual experiences.  Jim mentioned that once he went to a porn theater with another friend of his, and during the movie Jim said that his friend told him he couldn’t take it anymore, and he had to take his cock out and masturbate.  After he was done, Jim said that his friend thanked him for understanding and not giving him a hard time about it.  

Jim told the story as if he was kind of grossed out by it, but I didn’t think he really was.  Jim asked me if I had ever done anything with a guy, and I said that I hadn’t, but admitted that I sometimes thought about it.  Jim joked and said “hey, we all like different things—and sometimes you just take what you can get!”  I laughed and agreed, and the conversation turned back to girls—but I started to think that maybe something was going on here.  We had both pretty much admitted that gay sex wasn’t something that was shocking or repulsive to either of us.  

We soon got to the porn shop and browsed around a while.  I ended up buying a hardcore lesbian magazine with a blonde girl and an Asian beauty, and Jim bought a pretty standard straight video, focusing mostly on girls giving blowjobs.  

It was still pretty early when we left the shop, and on the ride home Jim asked me if I wanted to come back to his place to watch the video before he dropped me off back at my place, and I said okay.  Jim had his own apartment, like me, and we got there and I sat down on his living room couch.  He got us each a beer out of the fridge, and then he put the video in.  

The movie was indeed pretty hot.  The main girl was kind of petite, with dark hair and medium-sized breasts, but with a really thick, curvy ass.  The first scene was just her sucking off this young guy with a massive cock.  He was standing up, and she was her knees, servicing him.  She started by licking his balls and then up the shaft, and then she really went down on him, bobbing up and down on his cock as both of them moaned.  He put his hand on her head to guide her, and he was rolling his eyes in ecstasy.  

Before long, he said “here it comes,” and he pulled his cock out of her mouth, and started stroking it hard, aiming it at her face.  She pushed her face closer, and he groaned and unloaded shot after shot of warm, white cum onto her cheeks, forehead, nose and lips.  She seemed to really love it!  

“Wow, that is so hot,” Jim said. 

 “Yeah, that was awesome,” I said.  I didn’t know what Jim was thinking, but I knew that I would have been equally happy as either the guy or the girl in that scene.  I glanced over, and saw that Jim was subtly rubbing his cock through his jeans.  

He saw me looking, and said “Oh, sorry about that—just habit, I guess.”

“Don’t worry, I’m hard as a rock too, I said,” and I squeezed my own penis through my pants.

“You know, “Jim said, “we could take care of it...I mean, if you’re okay with that.”

I paused for a second, and then looked him in the eye.  “Do you have any paper towels for the cum?” I asked.  Jim smiled (with a bit of relief and excitement, I think), and went to the kitchen and came back with a roll.  He put it on the coffee table in front of us.  I was a little unsure of how to proceed.  I had never jerked off with another guy before, and I was still worried that if I was too forward, Jim might think it was too gay and would back off.  

Jim made things easy, though.  He just casually stood up, unzipped his jeans, and pulled them and his underwear down to his knees as he sat back down on the couch.  I didn’t want to stare, but his penis was spectacular!  Jim had joked before that he was pretty well-hung, but I thought maybe he was just boasting.  If anything, he was understating his case!  He was fully erect, and his cock was a good 8 inches, cut and thick and with a nice, big cockhead.  It had a slight upward curve and that plum-sized purple-pinkish head was unbelievably sexy.  

I took all this in with a quick glance, and then proceeded to follow suit.  I pulled down my pants and underwear to proudly reveal my own rock-hard penis.  I wasn’t as big as Jim, but I was no slouch, either---a nice, thick 7 inch shaft with full, tight balls and a big cockhead.  Actually, although Jim was a little bigger, our cocks were almost identical.

We settled back down to the movie, and in this next scene the same girl was giving two guys a blowjob at the same time.  Jim and I were both stroking our cocks as we watched the movie, and the sexual pleasure was really starting to build.  Even though I desperately wanted to watch Jim instead of the movie, I still wasn’t sure about the situation, so I kept my eyes glued on the screen.  

Then Jim surprised me.

“Wow, you’ve got a really great cock,” he said.  I looked over, and he was still stroking his penis, but looking directly at mine.  Emboldened by this, I stopped stroking and turned towards him.  I held my penis out and slowly moved it around, pointing the head at him, and proudly displaying both my cock and my balls so that Jim could see every angle.  I got up my courage and said “Do you want to feel it?”

Jim didn’t say a word but reached over and put his hand around my shaft.  “Wow, that feels awesome,” he said, and he began to firmly but gently stroke up and down.  

“Yeah, that does feel awesome,” I said, and we both smiled.  Jim kept stroking, with a firm, steady pace.  He didn’t show any signs of stopping.  Holy cow, I thought, Jim isn’t just feeling my cock, he’s actually giving me a handjob!  Between the action on the screen, and the action on the couch, I could feel myself heading towards a climax.  “If you keep that up, I’m going to cum,” I said, warning him.  

“Well, that’s the plan, isn’t it?” Jim said, as he kept up the rhythm, pulling on my cock.  I looked over, and Jim wasn’t even stroking his own cock any more—he was just focusing on mine.  But I saw that his beautiful thick penis was pointing straight up.  He was enjoying this just as much as I was!  

“Ohhhh,” I moaned, “I’m going to cum…”  Jim stopped stroking my whole shaft, and just wrapped his thumb and index finger around the base of my cockhead, and he gently squeezed and pulled from there.  It was too much, and I felt the wonderful explosion of pleasure as my sperm began spurting from my penis in long streams.  I’ve always shot pretty powerfully, and I don’t know if Jim planned this or not but he aimed my cock towards my face, and sure enough, my longest spurt went up onto my lips and chin.  I was so caught up in the pleasure that I just instinctively licked the warm cum off my lips and swallowed.  I’ve always enjoyed the taste of my own cum, but I certainly hadn’t planned on sharing that secret with Jim!  I was embarrassed at what he might think.

“Yeah, that’s great,” Jim said in a low, breathy voice.  I guess he wasn’t turned off by it.  Jim milked the last drop of cum from my cock, and let it go.  He tore off a couple paper towels, and handed them to me, and I cleaned off the rest of the cum.  My whole body relaxed in post-climax satisfaction, and I just leaned back on the couch, no longer worried about covering up my still mostly-hard cock and balls.

“Man that was hot,” Jim said, as he went back to work on his own cock.  Even though I had just cum, I was still incredibly turned on by the whole scenario.  I knew I had the golden opportunity I had been waiting for.  

“Hey, you don’t have to do that yourself, you know.  I owe you a favor, I think,” I said.  Jim smiled and pointed his cock at me.

“I thought you’d never ask,” he said, smiling.  “Have a feel.”  

“Actually,” I said, “I think I might like to do something different.” I licked my lips.

“Oh, yeah?” he asked.  “Like what?”  He smiled.  Of course he knew what I wanted.  We were now just playing games with each other.  Still, I wanted to make this as erotic as possible.

“Would you mind if I kissed your penis?  Just one kiss?” I said.

“Well……I don’t know about that.  How about you start with my balls, and if you do it well, then you can try my cock.”

“That sounds fair,” I said.  I leaned in towards the object of my desire.  As I got close to his balls, I felt his heat and smelled his scent.  It was a warm aroma that was partly the laundry soap from his underwear, with just a hint of the natural, fresh sweat from his penis and balls.  It was unbelievably erotic, and my own cock was now rock-hard again.  

I put my face in his balls and nuzzled them.  They were a little hairy, and so moist and warm.  I planted kisses and gently smooched one and then the other.  I licked them and gently rolled over them with my tongue, and planted more kisses on them.  They were big and warm, and kind of tight, and I knew they were filled with that delicious cum that I would be tasting before long.

I pulled my head back and sat back upright.  “How was that?” I asked.  “Do I get to continue?”  Jim looked like he was about to faint.  He wasn’t joking around anymore.

“Yes,” he said breathlessly.

I leaned back in and kissed the shaft of his huge penis.  I wrapped my hand around the base and milked it upward, squeezing a huge droplet of clear precum out of his piss slit.  I pointed his cock directly towards me, and now my fantasy was realized.  The precum started to drip down his incredibly beautiful, purple cockhead and I leaned in and planted a kiss on the head of that wonderful cock.  

I then began to sensuously French-kiss it, as if I was making out with the tiny lips of his big penis.  The precum smeared all over my lips, and with my own saliva and endless kisses I was making the head of his cock nice and wet and slippery.  His precum had a wonderful salty flavor, and I was enjoying this beyond measure.  The smooth, velvety skin on the head of a penis is like nothing else on the human body, and to feel that against my lips was absolutely amazing.  

I then took the next step, and took the head of his cock between my lips and into my warm, wet mouth.  Up this close, his penis seemed so big and heavy, and the heat coming off it was incredible.  The big head of his cock seemed to fill my mouth.   Not having too much experience, and with a  cock this big, I wasn’t even going to try to deepthroat him---I was just going to suck his cock the way I knew I liked to be sucked.  While I love going down on women, I found it so different to suck a man’s cock.  Because I have one of my own, it’s almost like I could feel the pleasure I was giving him in my own penis, almost as if I was sucking myself.  

I was just starting to bob up and down, when Jim stopped me and pulled his cock out of my mouth.  Whoa, what was going on?  Did I do something wrong, I wondered?  I got very worried that the whole thing was going to end right there, and I didn’t understand why.

“Let’s do this right,” Jim said.  He stood up, took his shoes off, and pulled his jeans and shorts down to his ankles, and slipped out of them.  “Why don’t you do the same?” he said. I followed suit, and Jim sat back down on the couch.  He spread his legs and leaned back, and that beautiful big penis was pointing straight up, just waiting for me to continue.  I felt much more comfortable with my pants off and my own penis bobbing free.  

I got down and kneeled between Jim’s legs.  I planted a kiss on those big, warm, hairy balls, another on the head of his cock, and then I took his penis in my mouth again and began sucking in earnest.  I put my hands on his thighs, and built up a steady rhythm, up and down.  I applied a gentle but firm sucking, and occasionally swirled my tongue around the sensitive underside of his cockhead.  Every now and then I would gently brush his heavy balls with my fingertips.  I couldn’t believe it—I was actually giving a man a real blowjob!  It was so satisfying.  I nursed on his throbbing penis, hungry for that special milk that only a man can produce.

Jim didn’t say any clear words, but he was moaning in pleasure as I continued to service him.  Before long, Jim said “Get ready, I’m almost there.”  I slowed down my sucking, and kept the head of his cock right on my tongue, applying steady pressure.  I felt his balls tighten up a little, and Jim moaned.  The first warm spurt of cum shot forcefully onto the back of my tongue.  I swallowed rapidly and kept the big head of his cock firmly in mouth, because I knew there would be a lot more.  

Spurt after spurt of warm cum simply pulsed and poured from Jim’s throbbing penis, and I took it all, tasting and swallowing in rapid succession.  Jim’s cum was very similar to mine—not very thick, a little sweet and a little tangy—and a lot of it!  If I had just tasted it when I wasn’t engaged in sex, I probably would have said that it didn’t really have much of a flavor, and was just kind of neutral-tasting.  But I was so turned on that it tasted like the most delicious thing in the world to me.  

I swallowed everything, and then as his orgasm was ending, I sucked harder, trying to get every last drop of that sweet cum out of his penis.  This was all too much for me, and without touching myself, my own cock erupted for the second time that night.  This load wasn’t as big as my earlier one, but the orgasm was just as powerful as I sprayed Jim’s leg and couch with my warm cum.  

Finally, I pulled my mouth off of Jim’s cock.  It was still mostly hard, and I squeezed the base to milk that final bit of cum which appeared as a pearly drop at the end of the beautiful head of his cock.  I looked Jim in the eye, and leaned in and teasingly suckled that last drop of cum from the tip of his penis.  Jim just smiled, sighed and shook his head in amazement.  I held his big cock, gave one last slow lick over his balls, and then gently licked his piss slit clean.  I felt so proud---I had gone all the way and had really given him a full-on blowjob from beginning to end.  

Jim and I got dressed, and Jim put the TV on.  We finished our beers as if nothing had happened.  Jim confessed that like me, he preferred women but had always had some gay fantasies.  Over the next few months, Jim and I had pretty regular encounters. He tried sucking me, and he liked it well enough that he got the urge to do that every now and then, but our favorite and most regular activity was just what we had done the first night, with me kissing, sucking and servicing his beautiful, huge penis, and swallowing his sweet cum.  

About six months down the road, Jim and I both got serious girlfriends.  Neither of us wanted to lie to our girlfriends or cheat on them, so we stopped our sexual encounters to focus on our more serious relationships.  

As I said at the beginning, I’ve never had any romantic attraction to men; I was content just to have occasional gay fantasies when I masturbated and probably never would have gone out looking for real gay sex.  I can’t see myself doing it in the future, either, as I wouldn’t want to deal with the potential negative consequences for the more serious relationships in my life.  

For those few months in my twenties, though, everything just kind of fell into place and I had some amazing sexual experiences with my friend Jim and his big cock.