 My name is Jose and I'm a first generation Mexican-American. I'm the first person in my family to go to college and so far, my freshman year hasn't been everything I expected. I thought I'd be going home with a different girl every week. Some guys have a real skill with picking up women, but I don't. My roommate Stephen is even worse, mostly because he's always smoking grass. He went to a boarding school in Connecticut, and I think they smoke a lot of grass up there. He's fair-skinned and tall but wiry, I think from playing so much lacrosse. So we don't look anything alike.

A few Thursday nights ago, I went to bed early and Stephen went out drinking with his buddies. He came in after midnight and stumbled into bed. He tried not to make noise, but I did wake up. I pretended like I was sleeping because I didn't want to have a conversation with him. A few minutes later, I heard his covers rustling and I looked over. He was laying naked on top of the bed and stroking his cock. I had an early class in the morning and I was a little annoyed. It was almost pathetic looking at Stephen tugging on his soft cock trying to make it come to life. 

I laid there for a minute watching him. I'm not gay or anything, but my cock started getting hard. Stephen didn't notice me getting up. His eyes were closed and he kept jerking himself off. I walked to his side of the room, grabbed his bottle of conditioner off the shelf next to his bed, and poured about half the bottle onto his crotch. As soon as I started pouring, Stephen stopped, opened his eyes and asked what I was doing. I didn't say anything but I put my hand around his cock and started stroking it. He made a feeble attempt to stop me, but I barked at him to put his hands behind his head. With only a little protest, he did what I told him.

It didn't take long for his cock to get hard. He just laid there with his eyes closed as I played with his cock and balls. I've never touched a cock other than my own, and it was kind of fun feeling it get hard in my hands. I squeezed his slippery cock and pulled up and down on it. Stephen spread his legs and bent his knees up just a little. I began to gently finger the rim of his asshole. After a minute or two, my lubed-up fingers were sliding in and out of his ass. His cock was so hard I thought he might orgasm. 

I slid off my underpants and climbed on the bed between his spread legs. I assume he noticed but he didn't say anything. With my cock in one hand and his cock in the other, I put the swollen head of my cock against his anus and pushed barely a little.

He said "no, I'm not gay." 

I didn't stop squeezing and pulling on his cock as I pushed a little further into his asshole. He made a small grimace and then moaned but otherwise didn't move. With his eyes still closed, he said again, "I'm not gay, we can't do this." But his cock was hard and so was mine. Still kneeling between his legs, I pushed slowly all the way into him. I leaned over, put my weight on his chest, and he opened his legs further. A minute or two later, I was on top of him sliding my cock in and out of him slowly but firmly. Neither of us said anything, but I was breathing heavily into his ear. I could feel the tension in his body and his hard cock against me.

I wasn't in a hurry, so I just slowly slid my cock in and out of him. His asshole was tight around my cock, and from the way he responded, it was clear he was a virgin. His eyes were still closed but his legs were wide open.

After a few more strokes, we made eye contact briefly and I kissed him hard, shoving my tongue into his mouth. The kiss only lasted a few seconds. I rolled off him, pushed him onto his stomach and got on top of him. I told him to stick his ass up and my cock found its way into him. With my arms over his shoulders I pushed myself into him as hard and deep as I could. After a few more long strokes, his body shuddered and then went limp. I hadn't cum yet, so I told him to stick his ass up so I could finish. He stuck his ass up but laid there motionless as I fucked him as hard as I could. It didn't take long, and I pushed as deep into him as I came. A few strokes later, I pulled my spent cock out of him and rolled off of him.

Neither of us said a word. I grabbed a towel and went off to shower. When I got back to the room, he was sleeping. I slept well that night and made it to class on time the next morning. We haven't said anything about it, but the next time he comes back to the dorm drunk, he's going to be sucking my cock before I fuck him.