 I used to only be able to watch lesbian porn. I don't just stream a movie and finish in a few minutes, though, I like to take my time. I search through a lot of videos as I play with myself. I always go a little outside of my comfort zone; I don't only search lesbian porn, even though, until a few years ago, that was all that I really liked. I like to go for a little variety even though nothing compared; just because I hadn't found anything nearly as good didn't mean I wouldn't. I always came back to lesbian porn in order to get off, however, no other genre really did it for me. That was the case, at least, until I watched interracial porn. 

I saw it for the first time a few years ago, and then watched it a few more times over the course of a few weeks, intermittently. I generally search by actress so one, or a few, that I searched must've led me to an interracial scene. I don't remember the particulars; I didn't realize that exposure to black cock would change me so much. At the time, I had no idea how much seeing a big black cock in action would change my life, and my perception of myself. 

After dabbling a bit in interracial porn over a few months, still mostly viewing lesbians but occasionally jerking off to interracial stuff, I gradually started to bend away from lesbian encounters and more towards any video clip that contained big, black cock. I wasn't watching the video clip solely because I wanted to feast my eyes on gorgeous black cock... at least, not at first. The more I watched, the less I cared about the female involved; my attention was riveted on the black stud's impressive manhood. It wasn't an abrupt change, it was gradual, taking at least a year. It took much, much longer before I was willing to admit, just to myself, how much black cock turned me on, and how little the female mattered. 

Eventually, though, I could no longer deny it; the sight of black cock bends me, hard. I'm gay for black cock. Even now, I sometimes struggle with it; I only check out women, I would only date a woman... I wouldn't want to fool around with a guy, kissing him or anything like that... it just doesn't appeal to me. But every time I jerk off, the first and last thought I have is of submitting my mouth and ass to some cocky (hopefully younger) black stud's cock. The thought of me, a 28 year old man, completely submitting to some black teen, submitting to someone a decade younger than me, is about the most depraved, delicious thing I can think of. 

I fantasize, almost every morning and every evening, about kneeling before an 18 or 19 year old black teen, pulling his pants slowly down until his big black cock flops out, half-erect, slapping me in the face as he smirks at me. I lick my lips, then lick his head before I bathe his ebony shaft with my tongue, making his dark cock gleam from my saliva. I take him in my mouth and find out how much of him I can fit... before he finds out how much he can force down my throat. 

He starts to cum in my mouth, but pulls out so he can mark my face with his cum. He sprays on my chin, mouth, and lips, then wipes his cock in my hair then lets me lick his dick clean... I'm also getting him hard again so that he can fuck me. 

When he's ready, he just takes charge and forces me onto all fours, grabbing my arms, taking firm control of my body. I can't fight back, and I really don't want to. Needing no encouragement, I drop my chest to the floor and thrust my ass at him eagerly. I think I have a nice bubble butt; I devote more time at the gym to squats than any other exercise, and it's the one exercise I do every time I go. I hope it pays off, I hope my ass is worthy. 

He smears my ass generously with lube, getting my ass ready for him by finger-fucking me, stretching my asshole around one, then two fingers. I groan and help him, thrusting back. I have a greedy ass, and love being filled. Lucky for me, because he then penetrates me with his long, thick black cock. As big as it is, I feel no pain; my ass was built to please black cock. He thrusts into me and spanks me, quickly realizing he can stay motionless as I roll my hips, impaling myself again and again, lost in pleasure, my breath coming in short gasps as I fulfill my darkest fantasy. 

The more I fantasize, the harder it is to deny to myself that it's just a fantasy; I want to make my fantasy a reality. I finally did; I put an ad on craigslist. 

I advertised as an inexperienced bottom desperate to please black cock. I wrote that I really wanted to suck black cock, that I wanted only to please a black stud, no reciprocation necessary. I get much more out of pleasing than I do in being pleased whether with a woman or (in my fantasies) with a black man. I've played with my ass a few times, and I enjoy it. I wasn't sure if I wanted to be ass-fucked (well, maybe I was more sure than I realized) but what I wanted most was to kneel before a black man, to be eye-level with some big black cock, to lick it, to kiss it... to wrap my pink lips around some thick black cock, to suck a big black cock. I did my best to convey my submissiveness, hoping that some big-cocked stud would see it and know that he could use me however he wanted; I wanted to be used, to be denigrated... to be treated like an object created purely to pleasure black cock. 

I got a few responses; one stood out. He said he was 6'5" 225, 8 inches cut. That turned me on; I am 7.25, so I wanted to be smaller than him. If I was going to submit, it only made sense that he be "more of a man" than me; I don't think having a smaller dick makes me less of a man, but it helps to drive home the cliché that I was weaker, that I was the submissive one, that my place was kneeling before him, opening my mouth for him to violate with his black manhood. Also, of course, I wanted a big black cock; I am attracted to black cocks of most sizes, but bigger is better, at least visually. I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be able to take him all but I desperately wanted to try. Him being cut was great too. Uncircumcised would've been a deal-breaker; it's just a personal preference, but I don't find foreskin attractive at all. 

As important as his dick size was his height and weight. I'm only 5'9" and I fluctuate between 185 and 195 lbs; knowing that he would tower over me, that he was bigger and stronger, really excited me. I wanted him to be able to throw me around and physically control me. 

I wrote him an email telling him that I was very interested. He responded, asking me to detail what I wanted. I told him that I wanted to kneel in front of him and pull his pants off, that I wanted him to teach me how to blow him properly. I wanted him to tease me, to smack my face with his black cock, I wanted to stick my tongue out and have my tongue and face spanked by his big black cock. I wanted to be treated like a true BBC whore, like all the porn stars were in the interracial videos that I had become addicted to. 

I wanted to get on all fours for him, to take a black cock in my virgin ass. I wanted him to grab my wrists and lock my arms behind my back; I wanted him to take complete control. I told him that I wanted him to tie my wrists together. I asked a man I'd never met before to tie me up; I was worried because it could go wrong, I was meeting somebody on craigslist and giving myself over to him completely, but my dick was doing my thinking for me. 

I don't like when white men are insulted in order to elevate black men; this whole "white men are losing" think, the narrative that white men have small dicks and/or can't please women, I'm just not into that. Not surprisingly, it's prevalent among the BBC slut/#teamBlackBoys crowd; given what turns me on, it's not surprising how often I come across it but I just don't get the appeal. I am turned on by black cock; it's not that I think it's bigger than mine will be, as a rule, I just find the sight of a black cock to be a major turn-on. 

I didn't want to be insulted in that way; I didn't want him to be insulted for having a small dick (it's average), or for not being able to please a woman (I can). That being said, it does turn me on when black cock is elevated, just not at the expense of white men. It turns me on I hear talk about how powerful black cock is, how erotic it is... I wouldn't be turned on to be talked down to but to be on my knees, sucking his black cock, while he talked about how powerful black cock was, that the mere sight of it turned straight white men curious, turned straight white men submissive, is a major turn-on. The whole submission aspect is always a major turn-on; I love being submissive, I love being dirty. Worshipping a woman's ass, worshipping her feet, being pegged or even pleasuring a real [black] cock is just such a dirty act that I get so hard thinking about it. I love being dirty, being degraded in that respect, I want to be used. Being told how much of a submissive bitch I am is a major turn-on. 

He told me that he was fine with that, and told me to make sure to wash my asshole really good because he didn't want any accidents when he took my virginity with his big black cock. 

I drove over to his neighborhood later that night. I was nervous, worried that it wasn't for real. I was worried that he could just be toying with me. I parked a few blocks from his house and walked, almost turning around many times. Eventually, I couldn't; I told myself that I had to take a chance if I wanted to fulfill my darkest, dirtiest fantasy. 

I met him at the door, and he grabbed my shirt and pulled me in. We went up to his bedroom, and he ordered me to take off my clothes. I undressed and stood nervously, watching him. He unbuttoned his pants then told me to finish. I trembled in anticipation and went to my knees. 

I pulled his pants down and stared at the bulge his black cock made in his underwear. Seeing a semi-erect big, black cock popping out as a girl slowly pulled down his underwear is one of my favorites parts in interracial porn. I savored the moment. 

It popped out, every bit as magnificent as I had hoped. He let me explore it on my own at first. I kissed it, wanting to show him how submissive I was. I licked it and kissed it, tested the feel of it on my tongue. 

I stretched my lips around him, and for the first time in my life, sucked a cock. I went slowly at first, getting used to having my mouth so full, in particular relishing licking his head, circling the head of his black cock with my tongue. I was able to get most of his 8 inches in my mouth. He then grabbed my head and forced me down on him as far as I could go. He liked it when I used my hands to jerk him off as I sucked. 

He threw me on his bed and had me lie on my back. He told me to jerk off while he sat on my chest and fed me his cock. His dominant position turned me on, and I was so hard while I sucked on his black cock. It was as good as I had dreamed. 

He flipped me over and greased up my ass. I was very nervous, not sure if I would be able to take all of it, worried that I would disappoint him, but my nervousness was far outweighed by my eagerness. I wanted my ass stretched around black cock, I wanted to feel his black cock violating me. His fingers didn't hurt at all; I think he used 3 before he thought I was ready. 

I wanted to be fucked on all fours. Doggy style seems a very submissive posture, ass high up in the air offered up to my big black stud, face down, unable to really control the action. All of that appealed to me but he was running the show. He had me roll onto my back again and he threw my legs over his shoulders. He had put on a condom while he fingered my ass; I realized it was for the best, but mostly I just felt cheated. He penetrated me deeply, so deeply from that angle and it didn't hurt at all... it felt so good. My eyes went wide but I wasn't seeing anything. As he stretched my white virgin ass around his black cock, fucking my ass, I struggled to breath; short, quick gasps. I was underneath him, completely under his control, exactly where I wanted to be. I couldn't control my body. With my legs over his shoulders, I was utterly at the mercy of my black stud. 

Next, he flipped me over on all fours and I raised my ass; he remarked on how eager I was. He wasn't wrong, I had wanted this for a long time. With my chest firmly pressed against the mattress, my ass elevated, he easily penetrated me again. I thrust my hips back wantonly, forcing him deeper in my guts, impaling myself on his black cock. He stopped his movements and just let me work, rocking back and forth, slapping my ass back against his hips, desperately trying to please him. I squeezed my ass down on his black cock enjoying anal for the first, but surely not last, time. I was loving every second, it was every bit as fulfilling as I had fantasized. 

He then flipped over so that he was on his back and I squatted over him and sat on his thick black cock. I rode him, facing away; he wasn't able to penetrate as deeply this way, disappointing me, but he was clearly enjoying himself, marveling at my greedy submission. He chuckled as he observed that I was twerking on his cock. I was all to happy to please him. 

He grabbed my hair and pulled me to his cock, making me taste my own ass off of his big black cock. He asked if I liked it; I didn't, but I was very much into him degrading me like that. It didn't matter to me if I liked it, I just wanted him to enjoy making me his bitch. I didn't enjoy the taste of my ass on his black cock, I enjoyed being so submissive to him that I did it without thinking, I enjoyed doing whatever he told me to do. 

He then removed his condom and forced me back down on his cock. I licked and sucked him, trying to fit more and more into my mouth with each bob of my head. I think I fit most of him in my mouth, at least 7 inches. I strained as far down as I could manage and tried to lick his heavy black balls while I attempted to deep-throat him. For my first-time, I think I did a good job. I was able to reach, but I couldn't really do much with my mouth stuffed so full. I was disappointed because I thought he would want me to play with his balls, but selfishly I just wanted to stretch my mouth around his thick black cock and blow him until he came... then came again. I wanted him to cover my face with his superior black seed, to mark me as his white slut. I wanted my chin and hair coated with his cum, I wanted to be forced to my knees, mouth open and tongue wide out, so that he could jizz all over my white face. 

He had other ideas; I sucked him off until he was ready, then he shoved my head down on his black cock and demanded that I swallow his load. BBC slut that I now (finally) was, I obeyed. His black cock was buried so deep in my mouth that I didn't taste anything. 

I then rested my head on his belly and stroked his thick, long black cock, marveling at it... the feel of another man's cock, finally, I was confronted with the object of my masturbatory fantasies: a big black cock. I gazed at it in wonder, playing with it while he slowly, very slowly, softened. I kissed and licked it a few times, utterly captivated by BBC. 

I still love women, but now I dream of meeting a kinky woman who wants to share big black cock with her man... a woman who loves watching gay sex as much as the stereotypical man loves lesbians. I need a sexually dominant woman who enjoys making me submit to a black stud (or multiple black studs - I dream of being spit-roasted on two young black cocks) as much as she enjoys making me submit to her.