 It was Friday night, Bill had invited me to come and stay over and with an accelerated heart rate I approached his address, thinking about my tall handsome man who was waiting for me. 

Kate my GPS, led me unerringly to his street by the park and I didn't need her to tell me I had reached my destination.

Reaching into the back I retrieved my bag, locked the car and stepped up to the front door and before I could knock it was opened and there he was, with his beautiful warming smile.

I entered, pulling the door closed behind me and was crushed in his arms. We kissed and we kissed, and we kissed again. It had been a long time. Then we kissed again. Finally we disengaged and just looked and smiled at each other. We chatted, Bill showing me to a chair at the dining table and offering a very welcome coffee.

We caught up with each other's news. His home was deliciously warm because it was very bleak and raw outside and I felt warm and at home and at peace. Something light and classical was playing in the background.

We drank our coffee but there was a feeling of mutual impatience and as I drained the last of my mug Bill said "well I'm for a shower" and I smiled. "Yes please, me too".

Being ever the gentleman he let me go first and a lovely warm shower and a good rub down with his thirsty bath sheets and I was into the warm bedroom. He had lit "our" scented candle and the lovely aroma brought back some very happy memories of past occasions together. The bed was prepared with towels to protect against inadvertent spillages and Bill had arranged his toys on a bedside table and I opened my bag and put mine out beside them. I could hear Bill enjoying his shower and lay on the bed and waited impatiently for him to finish.

At last the shower stopped and I could hear him moving about drying himself.

At last he entered the bedroom, that fabulous smile on his face. I sat up on the bed and swung my legs to the side so he could sit beside me. We embraced and kissed, my fingers stroked his chest and found a nipple immediately and he did the same to me. 

The position was not comfortable so I turned and stretched out on the bed bringing him down beside me and we could now kiss and caress to our hearts content. My hand wandered down his body and found his cock. As always it was wet with his sweet precum and not wishing to waste any of it I slid down the bed and took him into my mouth. He has a lovely sized cock, I am able to take it very deeply and I enjoy playing with it using my lips and tongue. I stroked my tongue down his shaft to his balls, softly licking each one and then running my tongue down the sensitive groove between the top of his thigh and his genitals and then took his cock back into my mouth. One hand teasing his nipples while I slowly sucked him and took him deeply into my throat. 

I enjoyed myself for some time but Bill decided he wanted fair shares and he brought me back up the bed beside home and having kissed me soundly moved his attention to my very sensitive nipples. Very softly and slowly licking one while his gently fingertips just toyed with the other one. Oh this was just so sensuous. Then his other hand wandered down my body to discover my cock and he started to gently stroke it. His lips left my nipple and slowly, very slowly he slid down the bed until he could take my cock into his mouth. 

The glorious sensation of warmth, the lovely sliding feeling as his lips moved over me, the incredibly erotic feeling as his tongue teased me and the feeling of completion as his lips met my pubic bone. I was completely buried into his throat. 

Very, very slowly, his head moved up and down me. Meanwhile his fingers were teasing my balls, he allowed some saliva to drip down the shaft so his fingers became lovely and slippery as he stroked and teased me. I could stand a lot of this treatment, and I did. It was so exquisite but the time came when I wanted equal rights. I asked Bill to swing around and come on top of me in a 69 position which, being an obliging fellow, he did. 

Ah now this was better I felt him take me back into his mouth but on this angle the feeling was quite different. Equally delectable but quite different and at last I had his cock positioned right above my face. I wasted no time in slowly putting he head between my lips. It was dripping sweet precum which I rapidly dealt to. His head is quite sensitive and I know he enjoys me paying a lot of attention to it so I wrapped my lips about it, sucked it into my mouth and then tickled and licked it with my tongue. It must have been nice because he started doing the same to me. 

Both of us employed our fingers to tease each other's balls and then I reached out for a tube of lube and placed a dollop in is crack. As usual I managed to drip a portion on my face as well but it is harmless so who cares. I now started sliding my fingers around his crack, just gently teasing. Not to be outdone Bill took me from his mouth and asked me to pass the tube to him so he could apply it to me as well.

Oh that delicious feeling of a warm mouth and teasing gentle fingers getting me more and more excited. 

I could feel a fingertip gently pressing against my hole and I responded by doing the same to Bill. His finger went deeper, so did mine, his came back out part way, so did mine. 

We teased each other like this for quite some time and then I felt Bill inserting a second finger. What was a man to do? I had to respond in the only way I could so I did the same.

He was leaking copious amounts of precum (note: don't let him get dehydrated here) which tasted so sweet, like nectar.

His cock felt so good in my mouth, I was taking him as deep as I could, and he was exciting me so much with his fingers and his warm mouth in turn.

Then I reached for one of his toys. A rather large black dildo and retrieved the lube back from Bill's end of the bed and liberally anointed the device and then just quietly slid it up and down his crack. Making no effort to insert it, just teasing him with the sensation of it touching him.

Not to be outdone he stopped sucking me long enough to request I pass down one of my toys and the lube so he could reciprocate. With great pleasure I acceded and in a short while we were both engaged in giving immense oral pleasure to our partner and slowly teasing him with our toys. Then I felt Bill very gently pressing the head of my toy into my ring. Aww that felt nice. He was not pushing too hard, just enough to show he was at the entrance and I pressed down against it to push it further in. He would press and release, this was such a delicious teasing feeling I felt I had to do the same for him. Slowly he kept up the pressure until I felt it slide right into me and, not to be outdone I slid his into his warm hole in return. Not too far and then just holding it there to enable him to get used to the sensation. Then I started slowly pumping it, taking it further in each time and sucking him in time to the pushing and he commenced to do the same to me.

Oh man this was so lovely. We were both feeling the same divine sensations. I had no desire to cum, I was just totally taken by the pleasure of the moment.

We continued this for quite a long time until I felt I had reached the stage where I needed a break so I asked Bill to gently remove the dildo and stop sucking, telling him why, which he did and he said he felt the same so the toys were removed I passed down some paper towel for mine and wrapped his as well and he corkscrewed around in the bed and I relaxed in his arms.

We had been fooling around for over an hour so a rest was called for.

After a while we both got up and went to the bathroom to clean up and to clean the toys and to get some water to drink and then we returned to bed.

We just lay there chatting quietly and then Bill began kissing me, something he does remarkably well. He played with my cock which responded immediately and after a short while he slid down the bed and on to the floor at the end of the bed and then pulled my legs to bring me down so he could just lean forward and take me into his mouth. My absolute favourite position for an orgasmic blow job and, this is exactly what he proceeded to give me. His warm lips surrounded me and then he took me deeper and deeper into his warm mouth until I could feel him hard against my pubic bone. I could go no further. His tongue which is both long and very strong was slathering up and down my shaft and then teasing around the head. This was so exciting and then he reached for the lube and gently massaged my crack. I knew what would happen next and became quite impatient for him to move. 

He reached for my big pink dildo and very, very slowly forced it onto my waiting hole. Meanwhile sucking me very slowly. Oh this was ecstasy. The combination of sensations so totally different and yet each to completely complimentary and erotic had me groaning with pleasure. 

He slowly pumped the dildo in and out in time to the movement of his warm mouth. The excitement and tension grew until I knew I was going to cum but the thing was, the excitement and tension was so great I was scared to cum. I felt it would be too high an experience but Bill was not to be deterred. His beautiful warm mouth and suction combined with the thrusting motion in my anus brought me right to the peak.

With a shudder I climaxed. I just kept cumming, I felt I would never stop, time seemed to stand still. The feeling was so incredibly intense and then gradually my senses returned to earth. Bill still held me deep in his mouth but very slowly he removed my pink friend and put it to one side. He softly came up my shaft and gently lay my cock on my tummy and then came to lie beside me and hold me as I shuddered with aftershocks like someone after an earthquake, which is exactly how it felt.

Bill you are a wonderful lover. Thank you. He held me close until I settled and then, being the ever thoughtful lover that he is he went to the bathroom and returned with a warm facecloth and he gently wiped me. The feeling of the warm damp cloth was exactly what I needed to complete the good feelings.

I suppose we spoke after this but in reality all I recall is falling asleep, feeling him getting in bed beside me and covering me with the duvet but that was all I recall until morning.