 Tony's family moved into the neighborhood when he was four and we became good friends right away. We aways did everything together and were pretty close. Being the son of an Asian couple he was only about 5'1" and thin. 

We had gone to all the same schools and took pretty much the same classes so we spent a lot of time together in and out of school. We both had had girlfriends through Jr. High and High school but unfortunately and not for trying we were both virgins even when we graduated.

It was towards the beginning of summer when this story happens.

Tony came over to my house to spend some time around the pool with me. Of course my parents were working and we had the house to ourselves.

Tony arrived and we went to my room to change. We were used to seeing each other naked what with taking gym together and having sleepovers as we grew up so it was no big deal to change in the same room. We were laughing and screwing around as we changed and were both naked together. I pulled my swim shorts on and waited for Tony to finish. He reached for his swimsuit off of my bed when I noticed he had shaved all the hair off of his cock and balls. He turned around and bent over to place his feet through his suit and I noticed that he had shaved his ass too.

I didn't mention anything of it as we went out to the pool. I watched as Tony dove into the pool his slim form gliding through the water effortlessly. I couldn't understand why I was watching Tony this way and tried to push the thoughts to the back of my mind as I jumped in after him. 

We swam a few laps and moved our way over to the loungers to relax in the sun. I put on my sunglasses and closed my eyes to enjoy the warmth of the summer sun on my skin. I heard Tony moan as the sun warmed him up and glanced over to see his eyes closed. I looked down his body and focused my attention onto his crotch. I watched as his cock twitched and slightly grew inside his speedo before dragging my eyes away. 

I sat again wondering why I was so interested. Was I gay? No I couldn't be gay I liked girls and had been trying for years to get into a girls pants mostly to get a taste of what they had.

My attention was broken when Tony started to talk.

"Y'know dude this kinda sucks, we're going to college and neither one of us has ever been laid."

"Yeah I know," I replied but my mind was still picturing his bald cock.

"We both really tried to fuck the girls we dated too, but none of them put out...I wonder if there's something wrong with us," Tony stated as he look over at me.

"Dude I don't think there's anything wrong with us I think we both just picked nice girls instead of easy ones." We both laughed.

Finally I couldn't take it any more and had to ask. "Tony, dude I noticed something when we were changing and I have to ask you something ok."

"Sure ok."

"Well when we were changing I saw that you shaved," I paused "y'know your cock and everything,"

"and well I have to ask why?"

Tony paused for a moment, "well I saw it on a porn site and thought it was cool so I wanted to try it."

"Oh," was all I could say.

There was a long silent moment.

"Well I think it looks cool," I said.

"Errr. Thanks," Tony said.

I looked over and Tony was looking at me. "I don't want you to think I'm gay but,"

"But what?" He questioned.

"well can I see it again?"

He rolled his head back and looked blankly at the pool. Tony hooked his thumbs into the sides of his speedo and stopped. He looked over at me and back at the pool and slowly eased them down his smooth thighs and completely off.

Tony laid there in the sun completely naked and I watched as his cock grew in the midday sun. I quietly swung my legs over the side of my lounger and stood. I took the few steps between us and lowered myself to my knees. 

I didn't look at him. I didn't want to know if he was watching me. He cock grew to its full size. We were no porn stars so his cock wasn't like 10" or so as you read so often. His cock was almost the same color as the rest of his skin. It was about 5 1/2" long and wasn't all that thick and like me he was uncut. The fact that his cock was shaved was extremely sexy. I don't know why I found it sexy or even why I was on my knees staring at my friends cock.

I put my hand on his thigh inches from his cock. Tony twitch at my touch. I left my hand there to see his reaction. There wasn't one. I slid my hand over and caressed his silky smooth balls. Once again I didn't know why I did it I just had to touch it. I was residing myself to the fact that I was going to go as far as Tony would let me. I caressed the smooth path between his legs and back up to his balls, he parted his legs more. I cupped my hand under his balls and felt them move inside the smooth sac. 

Having decided to take this further I stood back up. I moved Tony's legs off the lounger and put his feet on the floor. I sat between his legs straddling the lounger. I put his smooth Asian legs up on top of mine. I could now see everything. I could see the parting between his smooth cheeks as he laid on his back, the sexy path leading up to the silky sac that contained his balls and his cock as it laid leaking pre-cum onto his stomach. 

Tony was laying back his eyes closed enjoying the sun and my ministrations. I placed my palms on the inside of both his thighs and stroked my thumbs up his crack to just under his balls. Every time I traced the trail Tony slightly lifted his ass up. Keeping my hands stationary I pushed my thumbs gently between his balls inside the sac carefully caressing it with both hands. Tony moaned and completely relaxed.

I leaned forward to rub his smooth cock on my cheek. I had to see what it felt like on my face. His smooth balls caressed my cheek and I loved it. I turned my face and stuck out my tongue. I sucked in one of his balls and gently swirled it inside my mouth. I opened my mouth wider and pushed the other one inside with my finger. I had his whole ball sac inside my mouth, I looked up Tony still had his eyes closed.

I released his balls from my wet hole. I lifted his cock and pulled back the foreskin. A massive amount of pre-cum that was trapped inside ran down my hand. I wrapped my lips around just the head and sucked his juices onto my tongue. He was sweet, not at all what I had expected. I loved the taste of his pre-cum. I lowered my mouth again taking in his entire length. I felt Tony's hand on the back of my head. I didn't mind. I liked it.

My cock was raging inside my shorts. I was tingling down there almost as if I would cum without touching it. I was so horny the front of my shorts were soaked with pre-cum.

I bobbed on his cock. I tried to force it into my throat. I held onto his hips with both hands and sucked for all I was worth. Tony was trying to face fuck me but I held him down. I slowed down, I realized I didn't want him cumming yet.

I stood and Tony opened his eyes. I lowered my shorts. My cock bobbed in front of me. My foreskin half pulled back and the purple head sat dripping and angry. Tony look at me inquisitively. I put my hand in front of my mouth and spit and spit. I filled my hand as much as I could. I spred my legs and put my hand between them. I rubbed the spit all around my little brown hole and slipped a finger inside. I was ready and didn't even know it. 

Tony put his legs back up onto the lounger and I straddled his cock. He reached down and pointed his brown cock straight up. I placed my hands on the arms of the lounger and lowered my ass over his pole. I felt it touch my hole. It felt good. I sat up straight and pushed. It was hard getting the head in. It really didn't want to go but I was determined and so was Tony. As I pushed down Tony pushed up. 

I felt the head pop past my tight ring, and it was tight. My eyes flew open and I looked at him. He was staring at me through dreamy eyes. I pushed down and eased a little more inside. I was filling up. Tony placed his hands on my hips and pushed a little more. 

He was all the way inside me. I felt really good. Pre-cum was running down my cock and balls and pooling on Tony's stomach. I was afraid to touch myself. 

I lifted up. I could feel his cock pulling at my insides. I pushed back down, Tony moaned and released his grip on me. I freely pumped his cock with my ass. It pulled and push on my bowels. I pictured his cock exploding inside me and I pumped faster. I wanted his cum inside me.

I pumped and pumped. My legs were getting more and more tired. I felt Tony tense under me. I knew where he was. I squeezed my ass muscles and pulled the final strength from my thighs. Tony's waist flew from the lounger up into me. He growled loud and I felt his cum inside me. I sat all the way down on top of him. His cock buried deeper than it had been to this point. His cum leaked around his cock and out of my ass.

I opened my eyes and looked into his face. His face that was covered with my cum. I had cum without touching my cock and had shot all over his face.

I sat looking at him until he spoke.

"I guess neither one of us are going to college as virgins now huh."