 I had been curious for awhile. I couldn't tell you exactly when but it had been years. It grew over time. At first i truly only liked women. But as i aged my fantasies took a turn. Even when dating beautiful women i would sneak off into the night to masturbate to gay porn over and over. I was so jealous even watching a woman blow me because she got to do what i wanted to. She got to suck cock.

Now 26, I had just become recently single after a long relationship and had moved in with my new roommate Greg. He was fucking gorgeous. Women loved him. Men loved him. And to be honest, he kind of pissed me off. But he made the rent and kept clean so he was definitely better than any roommate i had lived with thus far. He was about 6'2" and well built. I'm 6' dead even and next to him i felt so small. My tiny frame was nothing next to him. What I almost hated about him turned out to become one of my favorite things.

As my curiosities grew i began to experiment while alone. It began with just a finger in my ass while I jerked off. Then one day after a good paycheck I was feeling a bit overeager and bought myself a toy online. Nothing crazy of course. Just a small 6" dildo. About 3/4" thick. When it came in the mail i couldn't wait to try it out.

I immediately went to the bathroom and began to shave. I made sure to take extra care to get every bit of hair as well as not cut myself in the process. I made sure everything from my groin to ass was completely spotless. Then i took an enema i had purchased earlier as well as a good shower. This was my first time putting anything but a finger up there as i was gonna do this right. 

I went to my room and laid a towel out on the bed. I reached into my bedside table to pull out a large squeeze bottle of lube and laid the toy next to it. Then I laid on my back on top of the towel. Bent at the knees but on my back i began pouring lube into my hand. I started slowly stroking my 7" cock while i began fantasizing about different men i could only wish would have their way with me. My biggest turn on was the thought of a three way. I wanted to muscular men to teamfuck the shit out of me. 

After a few minutes i began to lube my asshole slowly while still stroking my cock. The lube was cold and my whole body tingled with excitement. With a gentle push, my finger slid slowly into me. My cock was immediately so hard it hurt. I had to stop stroking myself just to keep from cumming. I pushed my finger deeper. Past the first knuckle. Then the second. Precum started oozing out of the head of my cock and i wasnt even touching it. I had never been this turned on. 

I reached over for the toy. Then got on all fours in the middle of the bed. I held the toy to the bed and began to lick it slowly up and down. I started to finger my ass again while i sucked that toy for everything it was worth. I just thought about what i could make men say to me. About how amazing a cocksucker I was. Just the thought drove me crazy! 

Suddenly I couldn't take it any more. I had to have this toy inside me. I laid down on my back and and removing my finger from my ass. I applied a ludicrous amount of lube to the toy and my ass and lined it up. Slowly i pushed as this purple cockshaped toy's head penetrated my hole. I felt it pop past my ring and buried about half deep inside me. Holding it still for a moment I started to stroke myself again. I then began to move the toy in and out while masturbating. A little deeper each time. After a few minutes of this I started to feel myself get close to coming. I was in such ecstasy that i had simply laid my head back on the pillow and did not notice the figure in the doorway.

HOLY SHIT!! I had forgot to lock the door. I pulled the toy out of my ass and covered myself with a pillow. Greg was standing in my doorway but he wasn't freaking out. His shirt was unbuttoned and he was just smiling. I looked down to notice he was rubbing his cock.

"I swear I'm not gay, I just..." I tried to blurt out.

But he had already walked over to my bedside and put his finger to my lips. He had a gorgeous body and beautiful abs. At this moment everything hit me. My roommate had caught me fucking myself and now was planning on fucking me. I was excited and terrified at the same time. I couldn't believe what was happening. He reached down and pulled one of my hands from the pillow. Placing it on his abs he began to guide my hand down to his waistline. Then using his other hand to undo his pants, he moved my hand down further and i got my first handful of cockflesh.

to be continued... :0