 I was going through a difficult patch with my girlfriend and was feeling very down. Although I am basically straight I have gay periods when all of a sudden I find myself looking at gay porn. But I had never been with a man.

One day at work we had a visit from a West Indian sales rep named Ralph. He was huge, very black and was rumoured to have about 12 children, so all the women were fascinated.

So was I, although I didn't realise it at the time. It wasn't until I was having a meeting with him - just the two of us in a room, and I was buzzing. I didn't know why, but I could think of nothing but the contents of his underpants.

I managed to control myself and when our meeting ended I went outside to my desk and got on with some work. Half an hour later Ralph was leaving, and as he passed he gave me his business card and said 'I forgot to give you this. I'm here till tomorrow afternoon,' casually so it looked like a business thing. The buzzing started inside me again and at five o'clock I flew out of the door and phoned him on my mobile. 'Hi, it's George,' I said nervously. He told me which hotel he was staying at and said we should meet for a drink, but I should call for him at his room.

I didn't really know why I was doing this, but half an hour later I was there, knocking on his door.

He opened it wearing no shirt and no shoes, just his trousers.

'Sorry,' he said, 'I'm just getting changed.' He hadn't had a shower - I could smell his body, and I liked it. 'Won't be a second,' he said and walked over to the bed. 'Take a seat,' he said. I sat six feet away from him as he unzipped his trousers and they fell to the floor. He stepped out of them. He wasn't looking at me, just pretending to be oblivious to my presence. My heart was beating fast, my cock was stirring and my arse was alive - just making me aware of its presence.

Ralph then pulled down his underpants and threw them into his open suitcase. As he leaned over to get some fresh ones I watched as his buttocks parted slightly. Then he stood up straight, looked at me and said 'Was I imagining it earlier or was there some sort of... animal instinct in the air?' His large and thrillingly black cock was half erect and it reminded me of all the black porn I had looked at, where the guys with the huge ones always seem to be only half inflated. Was that because they didn't have enough blood to fill the thing?

I stood up, drawn by some unknown feeling, and walked over to him. It wasn't like it would have been with a woman - I didn't want to kiss him, I just knelt in front of him and took his cock into my mouth. All I knew about technique was that you shouldn't get your teeth in the way, so I was surprised and flattered when he started moaning in his deep voice and saying 'Ohhh, I like the way you do that.' I had one hand holding his balls and the other around the back, the fingertips nestling in his crack. I loved the smell of a day's sweat in the skin beneath his tight, short pubic hair. I rubbed my fingertips deeper between his cheeks and brought my hand around to sniff it. The smell of this man's arse nearly drove me crazy.

He must have noticed me doing this because he said, 'Why don't you take your clothes off too?' I did so eagerly and when I turned back to him he said softly, 'Sniff your fingers again.' I did, and it felt so wicked I felt I had gone to hell and got the job of Satan's sex slave, except Ralph was no devil - I thought he was some sort of fantastically sexy angel.

He turned away from me and bent over. I hesitated.

'What do you want me to do?' I said, my voice cracking with excitement.

'Lick my arse,' he said simply. I realised then that I had always wanted to do that to a man, particularly a black man. I had licked women there and it had been great, but the thought of doing it to this beautiful man was making me tremble.

I knelt down again and put my face against his buttocks, smelling the incredible aroma, then pulled them apart and got my tongue in there. I gently licked his crack, I licked the insides of his buttocks with my tongue flat and hungry and then I licked him strongly right up the middle.

He groaned and writhed with pleasure. I continued for half a minute or so and then I knew I had to have his cock in my mouth again.

'Ralph, I want to suck you,' I said quickly, pulling my head reluctantly away from his fantastic bottom.

He lay on the bed on his back and I went down on him again. After a while he said 'Hang on, I want to suck you too.' And he got up and turned around and settled himself above me, sucking my extremely willing penis and letting his own equipment bobble around my face until I got his cock between my lips and sucked, as if I could draw the spunk from his balls just like that. Then he took my cock out of his mouth and began to wank me, so I did it to him too. The heat of his body, the smell of his body, the feel of his body... I came all over his face and he squirted his spunk into my mouth.

We didn't have a drink afterwards. I couldn't have sat in the bar digesting his semen - I'd have been on my knees in front of him again, smelling his underpants - he had put the dirty ones back on. Instead I went home and we arranged to meet the next week in a town not far away to do it all again.