 Back in the day I used to be on alt.com. I used it to meet people for random hookups and it led to the one and only gang bang I've been in (assuming 3 somes don't constitute a gang bang). I've always been bi and with men generally submissive so alt was a good place to meet guys on the down low looking for some action.

Anyways I got a message from a guy named Dave who said he was married to a top and they wanted a threesome and both thought I was cute. They were game for later that evening so they gave me their address and cell number and we arranged to meet. One of my favorite things about gay and bisexual guys is the forthrightness about hookups We all understood what we wanted and were ok with that. No expectations other than we'd all get each other off.

Anyways, on to the good part. I showed up and knocked on the door. It swung open and I was warmly greeted by Tom (Dave's husband) who was already nude and had a very nice cock standing at full attention. I stepped inside and he kissed me passionately. God how I loved it. I was practically turning to putty right there and he kissed me hard and long and began rubbing my ass and cock under my jeans. It didn't take long for me to get quite hard and after a few minutes Tom took me by the hand and started leading me to the bedroom.

As he led the way he looked back at me and said he had a little surprise , turns out more company had shown up, our 3 some would be 5. We entered the bedroom and I recognized Dave from his pictures, he was passionately kissing a rather good looking guy and had another guys cock in his hand and was vigorously jerking off another guy. He looked over as we entered and introduced the othe two guys as Jeff and Dan then laid back on the bed I took this as an invitation and climbed onto the bed and wrapped my lips around his currently flaccid cock with my ass in the air, an open invitation for Tom.

Tom wasted no time, he started stroking my cock and balls with one hand and gently fingering and stretching my ass with the other. Meanwhile Dave's cock was starting to harden in my mouth and Jeff laid down next to him so I started playing with his cock while Dan slid his cock into Dave's mouth. I was in deep subspace. I loved being used like this and it took almost no time for me to get Dave to cum. I greedily swallowed his cum and kept sucking until he begged me to stop. I complied and Dave slid off the bed and Jeff took his place so I started sucking his cock while he played with dans and Dave stood watching the action playing with himself.

As I started giving Jeff head Tom was still playing with my ass. I can't be sure but I think he had at least 3 fingers in me at that point. Anyways as I was tending to the new cock in front of me I felt Tom grab me by both hips and gently ease his cock into me. It felt so good as he eased in then took a few slow easy thrusts then started to pound my ass hard and fast I was in heaven.

Tom fucked me hard and fast for what seemed a long time while I bobbed my head up and down on Jeff's cock in the same rhythm. Jeff came first and I swallowed another load of cum greedily. At this point Dan was playing with his own cock as I needed both hands to brace against the pounding Tom was giving my ass. The Tom grunted and pounded even harder for a few thrusts and I knew he had cum even before I could feel the wetness of his seed losing out of my ass.

He pulled out of me then rolled me over on my back. Dan came over and grabbed my ankles. My cock was raging hard at this point. Being used as a fuck toy like this was a huge turn on. Dan held my ankles up then rammed his cock into me I moaned in pleasure and he continued fucking me. Jeff climbed on top of me and started sucking me off. After all the stimulation I didn't last long and actually screamed as I came. Pretty sure I left claw marks on Jeff's ass too but he greedily lapped up my cum just as Dan grunted and deposited another load in my slut ass. He collapsed on the bed next to me and we all cuddled together and teased each other's cocks getting ready for round 2.