 My girlfriend would like to see two men have sex

Each person remembers their first time for the major events in their lives such as going to school, a date, kiss, and sexual intercourse. For the more adventurous, anal sex can be enjoyable for both the person receiving (bottom), and giving (top). On study has reported that 40% of married couples had experimented with anal sex. The report continued by saying few men has experienced the pain and pleasure of receiving anal intercourse. 

At the age of forty-three, I had my first bisexual meeting. In my early days of being bisexual, I only met men to receive head. After three years of one-way oral sex, I had a curiosity about of giving fellatio to man. Once I had a man cum in my mouth, I became addicted to giving oral sex. My bisexual activities were slowly progressing. Eventually, I changed from giving oral sex to receiving anal sex. It took me eight years to lose my virgin ass, this happened serendipity when I met a stranger named Carl. 

I met Carl online. I would post messages to various Yahoo groups to find strangers to meet for anonymous sex. Carl responded with an x-rated picture of him and stated why he would like to meet me. One reason I agreed to meet Carl, he lived near where I lived, fewer than two miles. In our e-mail exchanges, he expressed extreme pleasure in receiving oral satisfaction, and I boasted that I like giving head without anything in exchange. After several e-mail exchanges, we agreed to meet at Denny's where we could sit, have coffee, checking each other out to decide if we wanted to meet. My sexual needs are to have a man's cum in my mouth; Carl's sexual needs were to receive a blowjob to completion. 

I have met Carl a few times. Each time he calls me to come over have a beer and watch sports. He never asks for a blowjob, but as we are sitting on the couch, drinking our beers, he would take his cock out and start playing. That was my invitation to lean over and start giving Carl oral.

When the caller ID is Carl, I know I can expect some oral fun times.

My cell phone rang it was Carl. Carl said, "My girlfriend would like to watch two men go at it. She will not share but wants to watch. Are you interested?"

At first, I did not know what to say. Gathering my thought, I questioned Carl, "Go at it?"

Carl replies, "You know what we did a few days ago. She is hot to watch me and another man."

"Sure, sounds exciting to me. I love spectators." I boosted. 

Carl and I discussed the time to meet and found our schedule worked to meet the next night. I parked in front of Carl's apartment in the label visitor's parking space. I am fresh out of the shower dressed in my work clothes, slacks and dress shirt.

Carl meets me at the door with a beer and welcomes me into his apartment. As I entered, a tall blond woman approached. I shake her hand and say I am Roger at the same time she says she is Mary. We smile as we sit on the couch. We start conversing about our jobs, how we ended in this town and other polite topics. We chatted about how we enjoyed living near the beach, how we met Carl. Mary stated, "Carl and I have been dating about a year."

I reply "Oh that is great." I am at a loss for words.

Mary continues no sign of embarrassment in her voice, "Carl told me about you sucking his cock, and it got me so excited I had to see for myself. So I asked Carl if you could that again."

Flattered by her words and with a pride in my voice, I said, "I love to."

Carl chimes in, "Let's go to my bedroom where we will have more room."

We walk to Carl's bedroom, Carl leading and Mary leading me by the hand. Carl's bedroom had a king-sized bed and plenty of room; I noticed the sheets turned down and a chair next to the bed. Mary announced, "I want to watch so I will be sitting here," as she armed waved over to the chair. She said, "I want to have a good view and you two put a good show on for me."

Carl removes his clothes. I start to take off mine, and Mary sits in the chair and watches. Carl and I were lying on his bed naked. Carl's girlfriend remained fully clothed, ready to watch two men go at it. I lay down next to Carl, and because this is his show let him lead the way. When we lay across the bed, Carl starts to kiss my neck, my ear then my mouth. In our first meeting, Carl and I did not make out, and this caught me off guard. I made out with one man in my past, now for the second time I am making out with a man. Carl holds my head in his hands his lips firmly pressed to mine. His tongue darts out and I naturally open my mouth to accept. Carl is passionately Frenching my mouth. 

Carl's moves one hand from my neck but keeps constant pressure on my neck continuing to kiss my mouth. Carl's other hand moved to my breast and is fondling my nipple. He plays with my nipples. I have never had anyone play with my nipples be for, and I could feel them getting hard by his touch. Carl continues to rub, pinch, squeeze, my nipple resulting in a stimulation sensation from my nipple with the tip of my cock. Carl's hands gave me great pleasure.

I am not sure but thought Carl had been seducing me? I could not expect Carl's next move. I decided to follow Carl's lead, he is playing with my tits, and I will play his. Both of my hands were available to explore Carl's body. My hands went to his hairy chest, finding his nipples. My fingertips applied the same pressure and motion to Carl's tits, as Carl's action on my tits. I wondered, if this as much a turn-on for Carl as it has been for me? My nipples were hard; my cock erects, and I could feel a connection between my tits and my cock.

Lying on my stomach; Carl being on top of me, partially kneeling and bending over so he could kiss my neck, ears and cheek. Mary sat in a chair, watching. Mary sat beside the bed, quit; I forgot that she there.

Carl moves to sit on my chest, moving forward; he placed his cock on my lips. I know what Carl wants an open my mouth. Carl rocks toward the front; my lips curled over my teeth and his cock slides over my lips. Carl rocks to the front causing his cock to enter my warm, wet mouth. I am still fondling his tits with my hands. Mary watches me licking, sucking, kissing, Carl's cock and as Carl is fucking my mouth. 

Next, Carl moves to the sixty-nine position. I cannot see, but I can feel his mouth sucking my cock. Carl raises his hip, moves toward my face and lowers his cock from my mouth. Carl now can slide his cock deeper into my mouth, enjoying that half his cock is in my mouth. I use my tongue to tickle the head of Carl's cock; each time he pauses, gives me a second to tickle him in all the right places.

After a few minutes, Carl removes his cock from my mouth and moves his hips so his ass is inches away from my mouth. I lift my head and contacting his hole. Carl showered and washed. I do not mind rimming a hygienic man. Mary stands, leans over getting a better view. I feel her present within the room, watching Carl and I.

Carl moves again, as if his actions directed and the positions scripted. He rolls me over on my stomach. Carl kneels at my head, and I turn me head to face him. I can take his cock in my mouth, and he can use his hips to fuck my mouth. Carl reaches with his to my butt, finds my crack and fingers my hole. My ass felt tight and no or little penetration. Mary moves to the bedside table, pulls out a tube of oil. I sucked Carl's cock, and realized what he was going to do next. 

Mary puts some oil on Carl's hand then Carl's hand slipped between my crack, putting to oil on and in my hole. Carl's finger now could enter and probe deeper into my rectum. I felt no pain, but felt being uncomfortable because of a man's finger into my ass. Except a doctor, this being the first time I had a man's finger into my ass. Carl placed two fingers inside me reaching my prostate. Carl fingers inside my rectum placed a pressure at the correct location resulting in, precum leaking from my pee hole. Mary is standing in a position where she can see all everything happening, me sucking Carl's cock and Carl finger fucking my ass. My precum dripped on the bedsheets.

I began to enjoy the prostate massage, but I realized what to expect next. Am I ready for this? Carl applies more lubricant. Am I ready to have a man enter my backside? I read that anal sex is painful and that if not done right could do some damage. I did not want to say no to Mary's fantasy, watching two men. 

Carl changes positions and moves behind me. I am still on my stomach with Carl spreading my legs as he kneels between them. He pulls on my hips to position me for what is coming next. Carl's hands are on either side of my body supporting his weight. I can feel Carl's legs next to mine. I wonder whether Carl planned to fuck me that first time we met. Maybe he came too soon and now to meet me again he had used the excuse that his girlfriend wanted to watch. I am naked face down, butt up and exposed legs apart and my ass hole for all to see. I wondered about Carl, did he like a man surrendering to his will turn him. At this point, I could look back and see Mary lying on the bed, reaching out for Carl's cock. I realized that she is guiding his cock to line up with my hole; now realized is going to fuck my hole. Anal sex is supposed to hurt, knowing this my body tensed.

Carl's cock head pushes against my hole and does not enter. He tries again; I can feel his hardness against my hole, but I am tight, a virgin and not sure what I needed to do. Carl on top in the dominate position, in command. Carl controls what is happening and what is going to happen. 

I heard Mary's voice saying to me, "Relax," I did. She guided his cock again, and Carl pushes forward. I could feel him now, or feel something warm and hard pushed past my anal sphincter. I remembered some pain but felt pleasure too. Mary continued to guide Carl's cock and reminded me to relax. Carl kept a constant pressure pushing his cock in my oiled hole. It started to hurt now, I said so, and Carl stopped, and pulled out a little and stopped. The pain subsided, replaced with feeling of pleasure. Pleasure, as when Carl had his two fingers in my ass messaging my prostate. 

Carl's cock standing hard and erect looked larger than other men did. I questioned if I could take all of him into my hole. I cried out about the pain. OK it is better now; he inched his way until I felt him stopped. He started to use his pelvic to thrust his cock a long way down in me then withdrawing so he can push a good way in again. 

I could feel both sphincter muscles grab Carl's cock tightly and holding him firmly as his cock slides in my sphincter muscles holding the penis. Carl felt me as tight and warm. I can feel my body reacting to this abuse with a twitching, clamping and throbbing. Carl's hard cock penetrated my rectum causes me to be involuntary react by setting up rhythmic contractions, causing a "massaging" sensation along the shaft of the penis. 

I could feel the pressure build up; I felt myself going to cum and could do nothing to stop it. My body no longer in control, resigned my climax happen. I let out a cry or shout, "I am cumming." With that, my body contracted, I jerked uncontrollably. My sphincter muscles got tight, cum oozed out of my pee hole; I have a wave of extreme joy, well-being when bang. Carl plungers his cock deep into my bowel, he grabs my hips says, "Oh shit I cumming. I am going to cum in your ass."

With that, I felt a flood of warmness in me; the jerking of his cock deep inside me, his moans of joy as men comes. He lays on me; I can feel his full weight. He is heavy but not too heavy; his mouth is near my ear; I can feel his breath, hear his exhaustion, Carl whispers, "Wow Roger; you have a tight ass, and everything a hot fuck." Mary sat back in the chair; I looked at her; I had a smile on my face, and so did she.

My ass contrasts like having a bowel movement; Carl's cock squeezed out, and I hope there is no mess. I do not want smell or see any crap. I feel a wetness between my legs and figured Carl's cum leaking from of my hole. 

Carl rolls of me, grab a towel, cleans his cock of cum, and lucking no brown stuff. He gives me the towel, and he heads to the shower. I lay there trying to clean the creamy mess between my legs. I felt used, but in a likable way. Carl had a personable place to put cock and cum. I remembered how I felt to have a man deposit his sperm in me. I did not expect that it would be a wonderful feeling. I liked it; I like being on the bottom and having the man do the fucking. 

Carl finished showering; I took a quick shower, got dress and returned to the living room where, Mary and Carl were sitting on the couch. I entered the living room; both got a smile on their face. Mary asked, "How was that? Did you enjoy Carl's cock in you?" 

I responded, "It was an experience. It hurt at first. However, with Mary's help and I relax. I would have never realized that all of Carl's cock would fit." I can still feel Ray's cock deep inside me cumming. Mary and I were comparing notes about Carl's cock. Mary asked me how I liked Carl fucking my hole. Carl looked a little embarrassed about the conservation.

After that first time of having anal sex, I became addicted a submissive bottom. I met Carl several more times, but he did not fuck me again. What Carl did when we met is another story.