 After a week of being horny every single day and having no opportunity to act on it, I found myself alone on a Friday night; no plans, no obligations, but some spare money and a raging appetite for cock. So I hatched a plan to make good use of my money and time. I checked into a motel near an adult bookstore, which I knew was frequented by gay men looking for action on the fly. I got everything situated in the room, then headed out to the bookstore. Slowly but surely, I hit every video booth in the place, leaving the date my room number and a message saying

"I want to suck and fuck your cock tonight"

I couldn't waste time with descriptions of myself or expectations of the men I wanted, so I just made it short and sweet. 

Then I headed back to the room and got ready for what I hoped would be at least one or two guys. I got undressed except for a cock ring, I made sure I was cleaned out and greased up for a good ride, and I laid back on the bed and waited for my first guest to arrive.

After about 10 minutes, there was a knock on the door. Luckily, there is a window right next to the door so I can look out to see who it is. I looked, and saw a good looking young guy, about 30, with brown hair and a good build. Quickly, I opened the door and stood back to let him in. 

I was still butt naked, so he knew what to expect. He wasted no time in coming in, and as soon as I'd shut the door he was already getting undressed. 

We didn't speak, we just got right down to business. I dropped down to my knees in front of him and pulled out his hardening cock while he finished getting his clothes off. 

I started to suck it in my mouth, licking all around the head and the sensitive underside while it lengthened in my mouth. Once it was to its full hardness, I sucked on it with abandon, pulling it all the way down my throat, licking the underside with the tip of my tongue, and slightly grazing it every now and then with my teeth. He seemed to like that a lot, and he was getting increasingly into it, grabbing my head with both hands and shoving his whole length down my slutty throat.

Just as we were really getting started, another knock was at the door. I looked at him as if to ask if it was ok with him. He nodded, and I got up to answer the door while he went to lay on the bed. Once again, I looked out the window and saw an older man, maybe 50, with silvery hair but in good physical shape. I had no problem with that, so I let him in. Once again, no words were exchanged as he came into the room. He saw the naked man on the bed, and saw that I was completely nude, so he proceeded to join us. I went back to the younger man and went back to work on his rigid cock. I was on my hands and knees bent over sucking cock as I felt hands on my ass cheeks, spreading them and feeling them up. I didn't stop sucking cock, and soon felt my balls and cock being played with. "You want that ass fucked?" the older man asked. I didn't respond verbally, but reached back to grab his hard cock and guided it to my hole.

Now I was sucking on the younger guy's balls, one at a time, then both together. I felt the older man's cock head at the opening of my ass, slowly but surely putting more force behind it until the head was fully inside me. Seeing that I wasn't telling him to stop, he shoved more inside slowly until all of his manhood was swallowed up by my hot asshole. The younger man, obviously turned on by this, turned over and presented his ass to me. I greedily licked his opening, swirling my tongue around the sensitive pucker and shoving it in as far as it would go. I began fucking him with my tongue just like the man fucking my ass in long slow strokes.

Just then, I heard a noise to my left and looked up to see another man standing there watching the action. He was maybe in his 40's, and he was standing there with his cock hanging out of his pants, stroking it while he watched us. I guess he must have let himself in, but as he wasn't doing anything more than watching us, I decided he wasn't doing any harm. 

So I went back to rimming the asshole in front of me, all the while getting an expert fucking from behind. No matter how good a dildo feels in my ass, there's nothing to replace a big hot cock pistoning in and out of me. My body was on fire, every nerve tingling with torturous excitement. I felt a splattering of liquid on my back and looked up to see the newest guest shooting his load all over me, a look of pure pleasure on his face.

Not long after that, my assfucker began to buck and moan, then shot his load far up into my bowels, pumping load after load as he shoved his cock as far in as it would go. The spectator left as quietly as he had come in, and the older man reluctantly pulled out of my ass and went to the bathroom to clean up. 

That left only me and the younger man, whose ass I was still reaming. He seemed to be enjoying it so much that he didn't want me to stop, so I didn't. The older man walked out of the bathroom, got dressed, and left without so much as a thanks. Oh well... Just as he opened the door, another man was about to knock. The older man just motioned him in and closed the door behind him.

He was also young, possibly 20, and about average looking. When he started to get undressed, I went back to reaming, trusting that he would know what to do. Soon I had my answer as I felt hands grasping at my ass cheeks again. He wasted little time in formality, going straight for the target, shoving his cock in to the hilt in a matter of seconds. He began fucking wildly, quickly shoving it all in until his balls smacked mine, then pulling out so that only the head of his cock was in, then back in again hard. He must have been fairly inexperienced at anal sex, because it wasn't long before he was yelling out and filling my ass with his hot young sperm. Then just as quickly as he's shot his load, he was dressed and out the door. He didn't even bother to shut the door on his way out!

I noticed this, and just as I was about to get up and shut it, another man walked in. "Don't stop on my account" he said, laughing. He shut the door behind him as he came in the room. This guy was a real knockout! 30 maybe, with dark hair and moustache, big and brawny and macho as hell. Even the younger guy whose ass I'd been licking all this time sat up and took notice. "I want to watch you suck him off while I fuck you" the younger guys says. Why not? As he gets up into position, macho man pulls his clothes off to reveal a massive, hairy body with a hefty cock and balls to match. That baby was going to be a real pleasure to suck on.

We all got into position, me on my hands and knees, the younger man behind me, and macho laying on the bed with his beautiful cock facing me. We wasted no time, getting down to the business of fucking and sucking. His cock tasted as good as it looked, with just a hint of sweat, but otherwise a fresh, clean smell. The younger guy's cock felt like heaven going into my ass, this being the third fucking I'd had that night. Hell, we hadn't even been there over an hour yet! This looked to be a very promising night, indeed.

We settled into an easy, slow rythm, taking our time to enjoy the sensations flooding our bodies and especially our cocks. I sucked for all I was worth, pushing back onto the cock in my ass on the upstroke and plunging cock back into my mouth on the downstroke. Then I alternated sucking his big hairy balls into my mouth, rolling each around with my tongue and sucking them in, popping them out to be replaced by the other. I worked my was down to his crack and reamed him as he pulled his legs back to give me access. His ass was also refreshingly clean, with just a hint of his manly smell and taste. 

The man fucking me now started to get a little forceful, smacking my ass with his right hand and grabbing my cock roughly with his left. I clenched down with my ass muscles to make my ass even tighter, increasing the sensations on his cock. That must have driven him over the edge, because he stopped grabbing and smacking and just began to fuck me faster and faster, harder and harder until his balls were smacking me so hard it hurt. 

He fucked me hard and fast for about 5 minutes, then he yelled out loudly "I'm cumming, man. Yeah, yeah, take that cock! Fucking yes, dude! Take that big dick up your ass! Oh yeah, here it comes! You want it?" 

In answer, I just pushed my ass back onto his cock even more as he let loose his semen. Spent, he rolled over onto the bed and just watched me suck the other man's cock.

Before long, he got up and went to the bathroom. Macho pulled me off his cock, looked into my eyes and said, "Now, are you ready for my cock?" I answered him by pushing him back onto his back again, then climbing up onto his torso, guiding his slick cock up my used asshole until I was sitting on top of him with his manhood all the way up my ass. 

I slowly rose up until just the head was in, then pushed back down until I felt his hard pelvic bones pushing into the tender flesh of my ass. Back and forth it went like that for a few minutes, then he took charge, flipping me over onto my back and driving his cock into me with the force of a freight train! "You are gonna know what it's like to be fucked by a real man tonight" he breathed between powerful thrusts. And I was, indeed, going to be fucked by a real man. He took me to new heights, causing me for the first time to spontaneously ejaculate without touching myself at all, just be fucking me, hitting my prostate over and over again with the head of his big cock. The younger guy rejoined us, laying just under the macho man's cock and licking his balls and ass as he fucked me. The combination of hot tongue and hot ass must have been too much for him, and soon he was cumming hard into my aching ass, grabbing me roughly around the waist and pushing everything into me as far as he could. 

Finally, he lay exhausted beside me, panting and sweating from his exertions. "That was the best, dude. I mean it. The best I've ever had" macho said to me. The other guy agreed as we all three lay next to eachother on the bed. "Thanks" I said, "It was the best I ever even dreamed of."