 Best to read Part 1 before reading this: 

Both Gil and I were quiet the rest of the way to his house. He had drunk a lot, and obviously needed to crash, and I was preoccupied by what had happened in the cabana. I couldn't quite sort out my feelings, but one of them was definitely guilt and another was shame. But there was a dash of something else, too, that I tried to suppress but eventually admitted to myself was sexual excitement. Remembering what Dan had done to me, and with me, I could not deny the thrill I felt.

Naturally that caused me to wonder whether I, who had been having surreptitious but satisfying sex with Dan's daughter for months, was really gay. I would ponder this question long and hard in the months to come, but for now I couldn't make it out. All I knew was that my cock stiffened a little every time I thought of Dan taking it in his mouth.

It was nearly 3 a.m. when we got to Gil's place, so we crept up to his room as quietly as we could. I was glad Gil's mom had fixed a bed for me on an air mattress on the floor, because I didn't want to think about what might happen if we had had to share his bed. But that didn't keep me from watching out of the corner of my eye as Gil stripped down to his boxers and slipped under the covers. 

I realized with a start that I was disappointed I hadn't seen him naked, although I had seem him naked many times in the gym shower. 

"What the hell is wrong with me?" I asked myself.

I stripped to my boxers, too, and slipped under the blanket. Within a minute Gil was snoring quietly, but I was wide awake, and as I did practically every night I slipped my hand into my boxers to feel my cock. 

It had gone rock-hard as soon as I lay down, and with more recklessness than is usual with me I slipped off my boxers and threw the covers aside. I listened for a second to make sure Gil was still asleep, which he was, and then I began to jerk myself vigorously.

All the time I was thinking of Dan grasping my cock, and putting my hand on his cock, and then of him sucking me, and then of us jerking together into the cabana sink. Having come twice already with him I didn't expect much of a load this time, but when I came after less than 60 seconds several big drops hit me on the chin. Without thinking I scooped them up with a finger and put it in my mouth, and while it was not the first time I had tasted my semen it was the first time I had let it linger on my tongue before swallowing. Before it had always tasted bitter, but this time it tasted different. Better. 

I must have fallen asleep quickly after that, because when I awoke in the morning I was still uncovered. I also had a raging boner, so as usual I started tugging at it. It was only then that I realized that I couldn't hear Gil snoring. I twisted around to look up at his bed and saw with a shock that he was watching me with a huge grin on his face.

"Nice dreams?" he asked.

I started to cover up, but he said, "Dude, have at it, I'm getting in the shower. Just don't wipe it on the sheets, okay?"

He rolled off the other side of the bed, got up and went into his bathroom, where I soon heard the sounds of pissing and flushing and then the sound of the shower being turned on.

"What the hell," I thought, and went ahead with the job. 

I tried this time to think about Jenny's pert little tits and tight little pussy, but those thoughts were quickly chased away by the vision of cum spurting from the tip of Dan's cock. It was at this point, I think, where I lost hope I could ever put that encounter behind me.

--

For the next couple of weeks I tried to avoid being around Dan, which meant staying away from Jenny's house. Two or three times when we were making plans to get together she invited me over, but each time I managed to come up with an alternative.

Finally, after about two weeks, I decided that further stalling might raise suspicions, so I agreed to come over one night. I was dreading a meeting with Dan, but when I got there he had gone out with his buddies for the evening, and I had a fairly relaxed dinner with Jenny and Tina. It was a warm spring night, so after dinner we sat on the porch and Tina let us have a little wine. She had had plenty before dinner, and after half an hour on the porch she excused herself and walked off tipsily to bed. 

Jenny was feeling amorous, and once we were sure Tina was asleep went out to the cabana and started making out on on air mattress. Pretty soon we were both naked and she moved down to suck my cock. 

It felt good of course, but I couldn't help but compare her technique to Dan's, and the comparison did her no favors. She wouldn't take more than half of it, and she wasn't nearly as active with her tongue. At one point I put the hand on the back of her and pushed gently, hoping to get her to take me more deeply, but she backed away and said, "Don't." 

She sucked a little more after that, but half-heartedly, and after a minute or so she lay back on the mattress and insisted I fuck her. I slipped on a condom and gave her a good banging, but the atmosphere was definitely a little off somehow.

We dressed, went back in the house and turned on the TV. Jenny snuggled up against me, and after a time the atmosphere relaxed. 

We must have both fallen asleep, because the next thing I remember Dan was shaking us awake.

Jenny, barely half awake, gave me a quick peck on the cheek, hugged her dad and went upstairs. I stood up to go, but Dan said, "Relax, have a beer."

I could have left anyway, and part of me wanted to, but part of me didn't, and that was the part I listened to. I stayed.

"Let's go out to the cabana," he said. 

No doubt now where this was headed. It was my last chance to leave.

Of course I didn't.

I waited while Dan got two beers out of the fridge, and then followed him across the moonlit yard.

When we got to the cabana, Dan sat down in one chair and waved me into another.

"Nervous?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Don't be."

"Easy to say," I said.

"Drink your beer."

Five minutes passed. Dan's beer was gone. I took my last swallow and put the bottle down.

Dan got up and went into the cabana. I sat there breathing deeply, trying to decide what to do. I could still get away if I wanted to.

I took a final deep breath, got up and went inside.

The inner room was lighted only by the moon. When my eyes adjusted to the dimmer light, I saw Dan lying naked on the same mattress where I'd fucked his daughter not two hours before. He was fondling his cock and looking in my direction.

"Take off your clothes," he said.

Obediently, I kicked off my shoes and pulled off my shirt and shorts. I could feel my cock stiffening in my briefs.

"Keep going," Dan said.

I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my briefs and pulled them down. My cock sprang out in the moonlight.

"Come here." 

I walked over to the edge of the mattress. 

"Lie down."

I lay down next to him and turned his way. 

Dan leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips. I had not expected this, but when he kissed me a second time I kissed back. And when he probed with his tongue I probed back. 

He wrapped his arms around me and the kissing became passionate. He ground his cock against my side, then lifted himself on top of me and pressed his cock against mine. I pressed back, and then wrapped my legs around him the way Jenny wrapped them around me. I felt something wet, and realized that both of us were leaking precum. Our cocks were now sliding easily against each other.

Dan broke the kiss, slid down my and with one motion swallowed my cock. I felt the head touch the back of his throat and damn near erupted, but he pressed a thumb behind my balls and the threatening orgasm subsided. For the next two or three minutes he worked my cock in a way I would not have imagined possible - licking, sucking, flicking his tongue on the sensitive spot just beneath the head, stroking gently to the edge and then pulling back at the last possible second. It was hard to tell in the moonlight, but I knew from my experience that my engorged cock had turned a deep red. 

There was a pause as he pulled back, got on his knees, hooked his arms under my legs, lifted them up and back over my chest. Before I could react I felt his tongue in my hole. 

I gasped, startled at the intrusion into such a private place, but stunned, too, at how good it felt. He drove his tongue into me again and again, coating the whole area behind my balls with saliva, and soon I was practically whimpering.

The next thing I knew he had shifted again and laid his cock in the slot between my legs. He rubbed the underside of it against my hole, which made me whimper again, and then I felt the head at the entrance.

"Oh, no," I thought. "No." 

But before I could say anything I felt him pushing his way in. 

It hurt so much I saw stars. I cried out, but just as I did a felt a little pop inside and his throbbing cock, slicked up by saliva and precum, plunged fully in. 

I had fingered myself before and once Jenny had surprised me by doing it, but this feeling was on a whole new level. 

Dan bottomed out, his balls slapping against my sopping ass.

"Oh Ggggooodddd," I said.

He pulled partly out, repositioned my legs more widely, and slowly and steadily pressed back in.

"Oh, fuck," I said. "Oh, fuck."

He bottomed out again, pulled back once more and then plunged in once again. 

What I felt was indescribable. It was pain, but of a kind that somehow blended into ecstatic pleasure. I was flooded by a feeling of lust. I reached behind him, gripped his buttocks in my hands and when he pushed inside once more pulled him hard against me, trying to get his cock in deeper still.

In half a minute it was over. Three, four more thrusts and he came, growling like an animal. The jerking motion of his cock triggered something inside me, and a wave of contractions centered somewhere in my ass spread outward, and cum started pouring out of my cock, not in jerks as usual, but in a stream that pooled on my stomach and dripped down my sides. 

For another minute or so I felt little aftershocks, spasmodic contractions triggered by slight jerks of his cock, still buried deep inside.

We lay there for several minutes, unmoving, catching our breath. At length I felt Dan move, and his cock started to slip out of my ass. He held still for a second, I guess to let me get ready, and withdrew completely, leaving me gasping once again. I felt a trickle of something leak out of my hole.

Dan lay down again, slipping an arm behind my head as he did so. He pulled me toward him and kissed me again, a long lingering kiss that spoke of something more than lust.

A full 15 minutes passed before either of us moved again. Finally he withdrew his arm, sat up and then stood. In the moonlight his body looked magnificent, not muscular exactly but toned and fit. Manly. His dick was still somewhat swollen, and for a few seconds he stroked it as I watched. 

Then he stepped away and I heard noises in the bathroom, a closet opening and closing and water running. After a minute or two he returned, kneeled down and rolled me onto my side, facing away from him. Next thing I felt was a warm washcloth in the cleft between my buttocks, as Dan gently wiped me clean. I moved my leg to give him more space, and I felt the washcloth gently wipe first the area around my hole, then under my balls. He then rolled me on my back again and wiped away the cum that had begun to dry on my stomach. In two minutes I was clean again. 

"You'd better go," he said.

Reluctantly I rolled to a sitting position, but when I tried to stand my knees buckled. If Dan had not caught me I would have fallen.

When I was able to stand Dan helped me dress, took me by the hand, led me across the yard and into the house. Glancing at the clock he said, 'Not much after midnight. Can you drive?"

For a second or two I considered.

"Yes, I think so,"

He took me by the hand again and led me outside to my car. When the door was open he helped me get in and closed the door behind me. Then he leaned in the open window and kissed me again.

"Good night," he said. "I'll see you again soon."

He turned to go. I turned the key, the engine purred to life and I backed into the street.

As I put the car in gear I glanced back at the house. Dan was just reaching the doorstep when the door opened and light streamed out, silhouetting someone inside. Whether Jenny or Tina I couldn't say.

I drove off.