 How I managed to drive home safely that night, I'll never know. I tried to focus on the road, but my thoughts kept coming back to the fucking Dan had given me. The soreness in my ass didn't help. Nor did the trickle of moisture I felt between my legs, which I assumed was cum leaking out of my hole. 

I guess was bothered me the most was the feeling that Dan had, well, taken me. I had gone into the cabana knowing something sexual would occur, but I had expected to get another blow job, maybe, or maybe to jack him off - not to have him lick my hole and stick his dick up my ass. But when I had realized what he intended to do, my initial reservations simply melted away. I hadn't put up the slightest resistance. Despite the initial pain, it had simply felt too damn good.

A part of me was embarrassed at being so passive. Like most guys I thought men were expected to be the initiators where sex was concerned, and certainly to be on top when it came to fucking, but how did that work when it was two guys? Being on the bottom in that transaction, being the penetrated one, instead of the penetrator, felt weird somehow.

But then I recalled that several times when we were having sex, Jenny - Dan's daughter, God help me - had wanted to be on top, controlling the pace of our fucking, and how much I had enjoyed that, even when I could tell she was doing it mostly for her own benefit. 

So maybe it was less about top and bottom than about give and take. If that's the case, I thought, maybe I could fuck Dan, too, a thought that made my cock start to stiffen. 

"Jesus," I said aloud. "What am I thinking?"

Fucking a guy. Sucking his cock. Kissing him. How could I be doing these things? A few weeks ago I had thought of myself as totally straight. How could it be otherwise? I'd had sex with several girls, hadn't I? And when I wasn't fucking girls I spent most of the time thinking about fucking girls, like most guys.

Sure, there was that one time with my cousin Mark a couple of years back, when we shared a tent on family camping trip and ended up comparing dick lengths and then touching each other and finally jacking each other off. But that was a one-time thing.

Or was it? I remembered now how often I relived that experience in my mind, that for weeks afterward I jacked off to the memory, and how I had wondered what might happen if we found ourselves alone once more.

So maybe I wasn't totally straight. Maybe I was bi. There were such people, I knew. My older sister had said one guy friend of hers was bi, and come to think of it Mark had said he thought he was bi, too.

For a while I turned this thought over in my mind. Mark had said everyone is a little bit bi, and I hadn't believed him, but now I thought he might be right. I eventually decided that if I enjoyed what Dan did to me - maybe it was more "with" me than "to" me - then there could be little doubt about it.

By this time I'd reached home. I put the car away and went inside, and was glad to see everyone had already gone to bed. When I reached my room I again noticed the squishy feeling in my butthole, and decided I'd better take a quick shower.

In the bathroom I stripped and turned on the water. As usual I stopped to look at myself in the full-length mirror on the back of the door. 

I was proud of my body. I'm not overly muscled, but I'm pretty well toned from swimming, and as for that slight softness in my belly - no six-pack - Jenny had always said it was kind of cute. Now I wondered what Dan thought of it.

Dan again. I couldn't get him out of my mind. Somehow the two encounters I'd had with him were always more on my mind lately than the many times I'd had been with his daughter and other girls. 

The thought of Dan made my dick stiffen again. I watched it grow in the mirror, and started to stroke it slowly. As I did so I felt a twitch in my butthole, and again that moist feeling.

On an impulse I turned around, bent over and looked through my legs at my asshole. I'd looked at it before, out of idle curiosity, and I could see that it looked different now - pinker and puffed up, probably from being rubbed raw by Dan's cock. On another impulse I gave a little push, watching the rosebud open slightly.

On an impulse I reached back with my hand and touched the spot with my finger. I winced slightly - the puckered skin was still tender - but there was still enough moisture from Dan's leaking cum to provide a little lubrication. I circled the spot several times with my finger, surprised at how good it felt, and then pushed the finger in. My cock gave a little jump.

"Ohhhh," I said.

The angle was awkward, though, so I pulled the finger out, stood up and got into the shower.

The water was hot, which is how I like it, and for a minute I just let it pour over me. 

Then I propped one leg up on the little stool my sister keeps in the shower for shaving her legs, and began fingering myself again. After the initial irritation subsided, I stuck the finger in as far as I could manage, and started a slow in-and-out motion. My cock started to get hard again, and it suddenly occurred to me there was some kind of connection between it and my asshole that I had never understood and was clearly worth exploring.

At that moment I must have curled the finger slightly, because I suddenly hit a spot that sent a shudder through my insides and made my cock give another, bigger jump. I realized only later that I had found my prostate - to that point I don't think I even knew what a prostate was - but I was startled to found out how good it felt. 

Taking my now rock-hard cock in the other hand, I jacked myself while I pressed on the sensitive spot inside me. The angle was still awkward, but in less than I minute I came so hard I almost lost my balance. The cum didn't shoot out of my cock, it streamed, and the shuddering in my body seemed to go on forever.

When it was over my legs felt like rubber and I had to sit down on the stool to avoid collapsing right there in the shower.

"Wow," I whispered to myself

I sat there for a minute or two, enjoying the hot water streaming over me and waiting for my breathing to return to normal.

"Wow," I said again.

***

By now it was June, and graduation was less than 10 days away. I saw Jenny every day at school, of course, and several times during the evenings, but we never got an opportunity to have sex, and I was feeling pretty deprived.

I saw even less of her father, of course, which made me think about him more than about her. I felt guilty about this, but I couldn't put such thoughts out of my mind, and after awhile I gave up trying.

One night about three days before graduation I was dropping her off from school when she invited me in. Her parents weren't home, so we went to her room and started making out on her bed. She was grinding herself against me, and when I got completely hard she surprised me by sliding down, undoing my belt, buttons and zipper and pulling off my pants and underwear in one smooth motion. 

The next thing I knew my cock was in her mouth. She took it more deeply this time, and after what seemed like mere seconds of sucking and stroking I warned her I was about to cum.

"Mmmm-hmmm," she said, and when I came a second later she kept her lips firmly clamped around the head and swallowed the load.

"Oh, my God," I said. "That was awesome."

She giggled.

"I've been wanting to do that," she said. 

She kissed me deeply, and I could taste my cum on her tongue.

"Now you," I started, and started to undo her belt.

"Not now," she said. "Mom'll be home any minute. You can just owe me."

I put my pants back on and followed her into the kitchen.

Sure enough Tina showed up about 10 minutes later, and 10 minutes after that Dan walked into the kitchen.

He kissed Tina and Jenny and waved at me.

"Hiya, sport," he said.

I ended up staying for dinner. Dan and Tina opened a bottle of wine, and they let Jenny and me each drink a glass. I kept glancing at Dan, but he was totally cool, neither avoiding my looks or seeking them, and the whole evening passed off pleasantly.

When both Tina and Jenny were occupied in the kitchen for a minute Dan pulled me aside.

"Give me your phone," he said.

I was puzzled by the request but handed it to him.

He opened the contacts and starting typing.

"This is my cell," he said quietly. "Don't attach a name to it. Just watch for a text Sunday afternoon."

"What..." I started to say, but he shushed me and handed back the phone.

That was on a Thursday. Needless to say I was on pins and needles for the next three days. I checked my phone incessantly, even though he had said I wouldn't hear from him until Sunday. 

I saw Jenny Friday night, but we didn't have a chance to have sex, which was fine with me, because for some strange reason I felt I should "save" myself for Dan. 

I did jack off once, though, just after I woke up Saturday, when I used some hand lotion to lubricate myself for a finger-fucking while I stroked. When I finally came, pushing hard on my internal button while my legs shook uncontrollably, it was in a thick stream that seemed to go on forever.

Sunday finally came. All morning I kept checking my phone, willing it to beep, but the morning passed without any message. Finally, just after noon, while I was taking a piss, I heard a beep in the other room. I was in such a hurry to answer it that I nearly caught my dick in the zipper when I finished.

The message was from Dan.

"Come over at 2. Front door will be unlocked."

The next 90 minutes were torture. I was so keyed up I couldn't sit still. I stalked around my room for a minute, and then went outside and stalked around the yard. 

I heard the kitchen window slide open.

"What are you doing?" my mom called out.

"Nothing," I said. "Just getting some air."

I managed to waste five minutes this way, but had gotten sweaty in the June heat. I decided I'd better take a shower before going to Jenny's house.

Taking a shower proved no more soothing than stalking around the yard. I had a full-on boner the whole time, and it was all I could do not to start whacking away.

Finally it was time to leave. As nonchalantly as I could, I took the keys from the table in the hall and waved goodbye to my mom.

"Going out for awhile," I said. "Back for dinner."

When I got to Jenny's I parked, trying not to run as I crossed the lawn to the front door. It was unlocked, as Dan had promised, and when I closed it behind me I saw a note taped to the mirror in the foyer.

"Cabana," it said.

I practically ran through the house and across the back yard to the cabana entrance, where I stopped briefly to calm myself and catch my breath. There was another note taped to the wall just inside. 

"Take off your clothes here and come on in. Don't say anything."

My heart pounding, I stripped. Pausing again to catch my breath, I walked in, my stiff cock pointing the way.

Dan was on all fours on the air mattress, completely naked, facing away from me, his legs spread and his ass in the air. The area around his hole was clean-shaven and glistening; I could see a slight pulsing in the puckered pink skin. He had evidently lubed up already; the tube lay on the mattress in front of him. He clearly intended for me to lube up and fuck him on the spot.

I knelt down behind him and put my hands on his butt. He breathed in sharply but said nothing and did not turn around.

I picked up the lube, squirted some into my palm and slathered it on my cock. I moved into position between his legs and guided the tip of my cock to his waiting hole. 

Another sharp breath.

Not having done this before, I could only think of one approach: the direct one. I leaned forward and pushed my cock steadily in, not stopping until my pubes touched his ass.

"Oh, yessssss," Dan cried. Oh, God, yes."

I pulled back slowly and speared him again.

"God, yes, FUCK ME," he said, burying his face in the mattress.

So I did, spearing him over and over till I felt the cum rising in my balls. Dan must have felt my cock swelling because I heard his muffled voice saying, "Oh, yes, cum in me, CUM IN MY ASS."

Just before I did I reached for his cock. It was absolutely rock-hard and a thin stream of precum was dangling from the tip. I wiped it off with my fingers and let go long enough to bring the fingers to my mouth and taste it. At that moment it seemed like the best thing I ever tasted.

I took hold of him again and started stroking him hard. Just as I felt myself exploding into him he gave a long groan, his ass gripped my cock and I felt cum pouring over my hand. Catching as much as I could in the palm I brought it back to my mouth and, as the last shudders of my orgasm subsided, licked the fingers clean.

When it was all over Dan and I, still coupled, rolled slowly to one side and settled on the mattress. For several minutes we lay still. From time to time an aftershock would pass through him and I'd feel another contraction grip my cock, enough to keep me from going totally soft.

"That was incredible," I finally said. "The best fuck I ever had."

"It was a good start," Dan said.

He moved so that my cock slipped out of his ass, which made both of us wince a little. He turned and kissed me, and I kissed him back.

After several more minutes of silence I asked him something I'd been wanting to ask for a long time.

"Does Tina know you do this?"

"Sure," he said. "She likes to watch."

A pause, while Dan looked at me.

"What?" I asked.

"She's watching us now."

"What?" I practically shouted, looking wildly about. "Where ..."

"Take it easy," Dan said, and pointed.

In a corner of the room, up near the ceiling, a small round thing was mounted on the wall.

A camera.