 Comments, questions, and feedback to my profile. 

***

A light snow fell on the campus as I exited the gym, walking briskly to Emily's dorm in my sweat-dampened workout clothes. She loved it when I came to her room unshowered. 

We'd be dating for nearly two years, but we still lusted for each other. She'd been busy yesterday thanks to finals, so we'd missed our nightly sex. As I climbed the steps to her room, the simple thought of being inside her was enough to create a stirring in my shorts. 

"Hey you!" she said excitedly, flashing a big smile at me as she opened the door. 

Embracing her with a kiss, I pulled her close. Her hair was in a pony tail; she wore a t-shirt and sweats with nothing underneath. I loved everything about her, and was convinced I'd make her my wife some day.

She grabbed my hand and led me in. 

Emily shared a bare bones two-person dorm room with one of her soccer teammates. Much of campus, including her roommate, had already gone home for Christmas break, so Emily had the room to herself. 

"I've got leftovers in the fridge if you're hungry."

"Maybe in a while."

I pulled her towards me again and kissed her, this time more aggressively. She knew what I wanted, and yielded to me as I backed her against the wall. 

We made out standing up, my hands exploring her body as if it were our first time. I caressed her hips and ass beneath her sweats before reaching between her legs. She let out a quiet moan as I touched her, making my dick immediately stiffen. 

With little hesitation, I pulled off her shirt to reveal her breasts; medium-sized and perky. My left hand felt her nipples as my right middle finger slid inside of her. She let out another moan as I touched her clit. 

Emily loved being dominated by me. Pressing her hard against the wall, I finally broke our kissing so that I could take off her sweats. 

"I want you so bad Derek," she said, looking into my eyes. 

"Me too."

By now, she was naked, revealing her gorgeous, athletic body, shaved between her legs. I began stripping myself as we continued making out. 

Standing 6'3" and a muscular 210lbs, I had a dominating presence. My dick throbbed as I ditched my shirt, exposing my broad chest and defined abs, with a faint happy trail beginning just below my navel. A lacrosse player at our college, I took pride in my chiseled body. My brown hair was cropped in a tight buzz cut. 

Now shirtless, I buried her nose in my armpit, still damp from my workout. I knew my smell drove her wild. She gasped and grabbed for my dick. I let her pull down first my gym shorts and then the sweaty compression shorts beneath them, which pressed my stiff cock flat against my body. 

The musk of my dick and balls was strong as she undressed me. 

"Please fuck me Derek."

I didn't bother moving to the bed. My nearly 7" cock was rock hard and ready, so I bent my knees and gripped its base as I prepared to give it to her standing. 

We let out matching moans as I slid inside of her, letting my bright red mushroom head lead the way. My dick was thick and cut; my balls heavy and full. I slowly began to thrust, which intensified her moaning. I always had had a quick trigger, but tonight was particularly horny. After about 6 thrusts, it was clear I wouldn't last long. Sliding out, I tossed her on the bed and prepared to nut.

She spread her legs and moaned loudly as I re-entered her. Immediately I began to blow, holding tight as I pumped her full of my seed. We'd abandoned condoms months ago, improving our sex life dramatically.

As I pulled out, she smiled a cute, satisfied smile at me. She hadn't orgasmed, but I knew she didn't mind. It'd probably only lasted 2 or 3 minutes, but as long as she received my load she was content. 

She laid on the bed naked as I stepped over to the fridge to search for a bite to eat. As quickly as my dick softened, I'd become hungry. Bringing the box of Chinese leftovers over to the bed, I plopped down next to her. 

"If you were that horny after one day, I don't know how we're going to manage a week at my parents'," she noted with a smile as I devoured the leftovers. 

We were leaving the next day for her family's house, a couple of hours drive away, where we'd spend Christmas with her parents and little brother. I'd met them all before when they'd visited campus, but it would be my first time visiting her hometown. 

"You don't think we'll be able to sneak a little something in?"

"Not in my parents' house, and besides, you know how they are. They think we're waiting until marriage."

"Ugh, I know, I know."

Her parents were Catholics, and while fairly progressive, certainly would not had approved of our sex lives. 

"You sure you don't mind bunking up with Bryce?" 

"No, not at all. It'll be good bonding time for me and the little man."

Bryce was her little brother, a confident and smart high school senior. We'd met a few times before and gotten along well enough. He was a varsity wrestler, much like I had been in high school, so we had some common conversation topics. Interestingly, he'd recently been in the local news for coming out as gay, which had created a minor stir as he was one of only a small number of openly gay high school wrestlers nationally. 

To be honest, I wouldn't have pegged him as gay the first time I met him, as he certainly didn't fit the stereotype. But it was 2017 and I was open-minded, so I was proud of the little guy for having the courage to come out publicly, especially as an athlete. 

"Don't you find it funny that your parents won't let us sleep in the same room, but it's fine for me and Bryce to share?" I asked. 

"Well somehow I don't think they're too worried about Bryce putting the moves on you," she smiled. "But maybe there's some questionable logic there. It makes sense if you don't think about it too hard."

I laughed and nodded in agreement. While I had no problem with gay dudes, guys were not my cup of tea. I'd been thinking about girls 24/7 since I was 13 and saw my first porno. 

Emily re-dressed while I finished my food, and we put a movie on Netflix. Watching her pull her sweats back on, it was satisfying to know that my load was inside of her. I hardly nutted anywhere else these days. 

I remained naked, my general preference, as we cuddled and watched a rom-com. Eventually, we faded to sleep nuzzled together. 

The next morning, we awoke early and hurriedly packed up my car. It was about a two and a half hour drive to Emily's hometown, and we planned to arrive by mid-morning to meet her mom for brunch. I handled the driving, and we made good time on the trip. 

Emily's mom Linda was expecting us when we arrived, and greeted me with a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

"So good to see you Derek, welcome!"

The three of us chatted over eggs and coffee at the kitchen table. Emily's dad was working, and Bryce was at school. 

After we ate, her Mom led me up to Bryce's room to get settled. 

His room was decorated as you might expect for an 18 year old boy; showing remnants of childhood and adolescence, with sports team gear, posters of cars and planes, and trophies on the shelf. Notably, there were no pictures of girls. The room was a tad disheveled, with a pile of dirty clothes strewn in one corner, and a singlet, headgear, and gym socks tossed in the other. Bryce's wrestling gear made the room smell musky and faintly like a locker room. 

"Oh I told Bryce to clean up in here. Sorry about that Derek."

"Oh, no problem Linda. It's totally fine. Reminds me of home," I shot her a smile, placing my bag in the corner near the wrestling gear. 

That afternoon, Emily and I went out for a driving tour of her hometown. We'd both come from similar backgrounds- well-to-do midwestern suburbs- so I could certainly relate to where she grew up. Later in the day, the two of us went for a run together in the quiet neighborhood surrounding her house. 

Despite the December weather, we'd both broken a good sweat on the 40-minute run. We stretched in the living room as Emily's mom chatted with us and watched TV. Eventually, Emily pointed me towards the towels and I went upstairs to shower. 

Stripping my sweaty running clothes off in Bryce's room, I left my compression shorts and t-shirt in a heap on the floor as I wrapped a towel around my waist. The shower was warm and relaxing, so I lingered as I recovered from the run. 

After drying off, I again pulled the towel around myself and walked back to Bryce's room. Bryce must have just gotten home, and was seated at his desk on his laptop when I entered. 

"Bryce, what's up man!" I greeted him enthusiastically and stuck out my hand to shake. 

"Yo Derek, welcome!" 

We liked each other, and he seemed happy to see me. 

"Sorry I took so long, you waiting to get in the bathroom?"

The bathroom was shared by the two kids' rooms, whereas the parents had a separate in their master suite. 

"Oh no, not at all. Showered with the team at school so no worries."

"Ah right. Well let me get my running gear out of the way. How's the season been going?"

As we chatted, I dropped my towel and hung it on a hook by his door. I was confident and well-endowed, and had always been more than comfortable being naked in front of others. And of course, I didn't want to treat Bryce any differently than I would another dude just because he was gay. 

"Wrestling season's been great. Team's doing well and I've been winning a lot of matches," he replied casually, not reacting to my nudity. "We've got our holiday tournament starting tomorrow, you and Em should come by."

"Oh nice, yeah that'd be fun," I said, picking up my running clothes and stepping over to my suitcase. 

I was between 5 and 6 inches soft, big enough to sometimes provoke a reaction from those who saw it, but Bryce didn't bite. In the locker room and showers, my lacrosse buddies often joked about my 'horse cock' or 'donkey dick', which of course served only to increase my pride in it. 

"What weight you been at this year?" I asked, leaning over my suitcase to pull out some clothes. 

Hanging straight down like a hammer between my thighs, the girth of my dick partly obstructed the view of my balls behind it. A dense patch of trimmed brown pubic hair sat above my package. 

"126. Working out well. It's up a weight class from last year, but we've got a stud sophomore who's been wrestling 120."

"Nice."

After a minute of rummaging, I realized I had a problem. 

"Fuck." I said to myself. 

"What's wrong?"

"No, it's just, we were in a rush this morning, and I uh, guess I forgot to pack my socks and boxers. Damn."

"Ah, bummer."

"It's fine, I can wear what I came in."

"Don't do that, I'm sure I've got something to loan you. Come take a look."

He stood up and opened the top drawer of his dresser. 

"You think?"

He was probably 5'5" and easily 80 lbs. lighter than me. 

"Yeah I've got plenty of socks and a few pairs of undies too big for me. And if not my dad's sure to have something."

The thought of asking my girlfriend's dad for underwear made me cringe. 

Still nude, I stood up and walked over to his dresser, standing next to him as he rifled through the drawer. He eventually produced a pair of blue spandex boxer briefs. 

"Try these."

He observed me as I pulled them on, letting the waistband momentarily press my dick upwards before I adjusted myself properly. They were too tight and left little to the imagination, but were better than any alternative I could think of. 

"Thanks dude, perfect. You're saving my life."

"No worries man, what's mine is yours. Feel free to help yourself in that top drawer all week."

"Appreciate that Bryce."

We continued chatting as I finished dressing, and he followed me downstairs. 

Their dad, Mike, arrived home from work shortly thereafter. He smiled and gave Emily a big hug, and I gave him a firm handshake and made eye contact as he welcomed me to town. 

Mike was in his late 40s, with a thick build and dark beard. At probably 5'11", he was shorter than me, but taller than his son. He spoke with a deep, booming voice and wore a well cut navy blue suit and striped tie. 

Shortly after Mike arrived, we all ate dinner together. Turning on the charm, I answered questions about how my school year was going and how the lacrosse off-season had been. I was comfortable around her family, and made sure to ask each of her mom, dad, and brother about themselves. 

In Bryce's case, he'd just finished his college applications; his top choice to attend the same school as Emily and me. Despite being a very good athlete, he hadn't been recruited to wrestle in college, so was looking for a combination of academics and social scene. 

After dinner, Bryce and I helped clear the table, and later Emily and I left to meet up with some friends of hers from high school. When we returned home, it was nearly midnight, and the house was quiet. 

Feeling horny, I considered asking her if we could mess around a bit, but realized I wouldn't have felt comfortable even if she said yes. It was our first day at her parents', but I was already missing the privacy of our dorms. 

As we brushed our teeth, I admired her body and fantasized. It wasn't unusual for me to daydream, especially when I was horny. My mind wandered to the thought of sliding my cock inside of her, boning her slowly until blissfully unloading. Just as my dick began to stir, she interrupted. 

"I'm headed in. Sleep tight."

"Will do. Love you," I mumbled through the toothbrush. 

"Love you too."

She headed to her room, and I made for Bryce's. 

Slowly turning the door handle, I tiptoed into the room, where Bryce lay in his full-size bed, sleeping shirtless on his back. The covers were down around his waist, and he courteously positioned himself on the left side, to leave space for me on the right. The dim light from the hallway highlighted the smoothness of his chest and belly. I stripped down to the tight fitting boxer briefs he'd loaned me and climbed into bed beside him.

I had two brothers, and had shared beds with buddies and teammates on numerous occasions, so bunking up next to Bryce didn't bother me at all. Sure, he was gay, but I was perfectly comfortable with my sexuality, and this sure beat sleeping on the floor or a couch. Plugging in my phone charger, I quickly faded to sleep. 

The next morning, I was awoken abruptly by the chimes of Bryce's iPhone alarm. It was Friday, and for him, the last school day before Winter Break. The sun was just rising, and after he hit the snooze once or twice, it was fully light in the room. 

I laid on my back half awake as Bryce stirred next to me. Wearing green loose-fitting boxers, he groggily climbed out of bed. He didn't hesitate to strip them off and toss them in the hamper across the room before wrapping a towel around his waist and heading to the bathroom. As you'd expect for a 126lb. wrestler, Bryce was skinny, seeming not to have an ounce of fat on him. The shower turned on in the other room.

It was still early, but I didn't feel particularly like going back to sleep, pulling out my phone and checking Instagram. Bryce emerged after a short shower, and saw that I was awake. 

"Morning Derek," he said, shedding his towel and hanging it on a hook. 

As he stepped to his dresser nude, I snuck a peek at what he was packing for the first time. I'd always thought it perfectly natural to check out the competition, and while in Bryce's case he wasn't exactly competition, curiosity won out. 

His dick was on the smaller side; an uncut 2-incher that sat atop a pair of grape-sized balls. His smooth sack hung tight to his body, and his pubes were shaved, giving him a boyish appearance overall between his legs. 

"Morning," I replied with a yawn. 

Despite not being nearly as well endowed as me, he wasn't bashful. Rather than immediately dress, he put on deodorant and checked something on his phone before finally pulling on a fresh pair of boxers from the drawer. The only hair his body seemed to be the shaggy blond hair atop his head, matted down from his shower.

Bryce's body type reminded me of several of the lightweight guys I'd wrestled with in high school. He was short and skinny, with faintly defined abs and some muscle on his legs and ass. His chest and arms were for the most part scrawny. 

"Alright dude, I'm outta here," he declared once he finished dressing. "Tourney starts at 5 tonight if you guys decide to come!"

"Have a good day man, good luck tonight."

He wore a t-shirt and jeans as he left for school, closing the bedroom door behind him. 

Knowing that Emily was a late sleeper, I tried to doze back off until she woke up. Surprisingly, I did, and she woke me up an hour or so later. 

"Morning sleepyhead."

"Morning."

Linda had already made breakfast by the time we made it downstairs, which I ate enthusiastically before heading back upstairs to shower. I peeled off my clothes, including Bryce's borrowed undies, which now bore my distinctive scent as I sniffed them and tossed them into his hamper. 

After showering quickly, I took up Bryce's offer to hunt for clean undies in his top drawer. He had an eclectic collection, including a mix of boxers, boxer briefs, and trunks. Rummaging through, I even happened upon a box of Trojans that he'd stashed away. At least the little man protected himself. An attractive and fit dude like Bryce would have no problem cleaning up, I thought, though I wasn't much of an authority on the high school gay dating scene. 

Most of the undies were sized men's small, but I eventually found a medium pair of boxer briefs that looked promising. I squeezed them on, got dressed, and headed downstairs. 

"Hey," I said to Emily, pulling her aside. "Think we can stop by a store today?"

"Sure, what do you need?"

"I left all my boxers and socks back on campus."

She let out a snicker. 

"So you're wearing dirty underwear?"

"No, Bryce loaned me a couple pair."

"Bryce? You're twice his size!"

"Yeah, they're a little, uh, constraining."

She smiled. 

"Of course, D. We'll get you set up. I don't even know how you can breathe."

We both laughed. There a few things we wanted to do around town anyways, so we headed to the store and later in the day met some of her friends for lunch. It was Friday and a lot of people were back in town for the holidays, so it was expected to be a big night at the local bars. Emily and I made plans to go out with some other friends after Bryce's match. 

I was looking forward to seeing Bryce wrestle. I'd heard he was having a great season, and I hadn't been to a meet since I'd finished wrestling my senior year of high school. 

When we entered the gymnasium, a rush of memories flooded back. There were two mats in use, and the gym had the familiar aroma of stale sweat. Guys in various attire ranging from singlets to team hoodies and sweats milled around the gym. Bryce wasn't scheduled to wrestle for another 30 minutes. 

Emily and I found a seat beside her parents in the first row of bleachers. I made small talk with Mike as we watched the preceding match; a couple of other wrestlers competing in the same weight class as Bryce. 

"So Derek, I hear you were a wrestler yourself back in high school," he said. 

"Yeah that's right. Lacrosse was always my main sport, though I did enjoy my time on the mat."

"Bryce certainly loves it. And they've got a good group of guys."

"Yeah that's important. Well I'm looking forward to watching him wrestle, I've heard good things."

"Yes, he's looked very strong so far this year. Though the kid he's wresting isn't bad either. Just a freshman but he's won a lot of matches."

Mike was a good conversationalist, and we chatted casually until finally seeing Bryce emerge. 
