 Driving home from the mall I got to thinking about what I had done in less than a week: I'd had sex with three guys, including my best friend, a total stranger and my girlfriend's father, and one woman, my girlfriend's mother. It seemed like the only person I hadn't had sex with recently was my girlfriend.

I hadn't seen much of Jenny in the last two or three weeks. She had gone to the beach one week with her best friend's family, and then spent a long weekend helping another friend get moved into college early. We had met only twice during that time, and while we had fun together I could sense that she knew - as I did - that the end of that summer would also be the end of our relationship. Still, on both occasions she had been so ravenously hungry for sex that she got a little careless about when and where we did it. 

The first time was in the parking lot after a movie, when we started making out in the front of the car and then climbed in the back to fuck. She had me on my back and was riding my cock when another couple pulled into the empty space next to us, and as the woman got out Jenny's naked back caught her eye. She smiled broadly and called her husband over, and for the next minute or so they watched as Jenny moved on top of me. Finally the husband pulled her away, just before Jenny had a screaming orgasm.

The second time was during a visit to a small lake up in the hills, where we had often parked at night to have sex. This time it was mid-afternoon, but the place was deserted and she insisted on skinny-dipping in a rocky cove that was largely hidden from the rest of the shore. We had started making out in the water, and when I got hard she led me by the dick up to a small sandy spot and we had a short but very intense fuck. When I dropped her off later she gave me kind of a wistful look, almost as if she knew the end of our relationship was near. 

Thinking about Jenny made me want to see her again, so when I got home I texted her. She texted right back that she was out with some friends and she would call me later. But I didn't hear from her that night, or the next morning, so I let it go.

My mom had been bugging me to go shopping for some things I would need at college - I'd been leaving in a little less than two weeks - ,so when she suggested it again for that afternoon I said okay. We got home just before 5, and after putting everything away I went out on the back porch to chill for a bit.

I texted Jenny about going out that night, but she didn't answer right away. Casting about for something else to do I thought of the guy in the mall bathroom, and my cock gave a little start.

Fuck it, I thought, and went inside to find the slip of paper with his number.

I couldn't find it at first, and was actually getting a little panicky when I finally checked the pants I'd been wearing that day, which I'd inadvertently kicked under the bed. I took the slip of paper back outside and sat down. 

At first I couldn't think what to write that wouldn't sound lame. 

"Hi, met u in mall bathroom would like to c u again"

That sounded too teenager-ish so I tried again.

"Hi we met at the mall I enjoyed would like to meet again."

That still didn't work. What if he had met someone else besides me?

If so, it occurred to me, he's kind of loose. But then, who was I to talk?

After puzzling about it for five minutes or so, I finally thought fuck it and typed, "Hi we met at the mall most fun I've had in a bathroom in a long time"

Ten minutes later I got a reply.

"Glad you enjoyed"

That was fast, I thought. 

"So can we meet again?"

The reply was quicker this time.

"Sure when would you like?"

"Sooner the better" 

"I am home alone tonight come over"

I hadn't expected anything to happen this fast, but why not?

"Love to where?"

He gave me the address. I didn't recognized the street name but when I mapped it, it was only about 15 minutes away. I briefly wondered why the name was unfamiliar.

"Ok what time"

"8"

"Ok see you then"

"Great"

It was only after we signed off that I began to wonder why he was inviting me to his place when his wife and kids would presumably be home. 

When I got to his street I realized why the street ame had been unfamiliar: He lived in a gated community of truly enormous homes. Most of them were clustered on a hill overlooking the city.

How was I supposed to get through the gate?

At that moment I got a text. 

"Tell the guard ur here to see Andrews he knows I'm having a guest"

Sure enough, the gate was opened. I drove up a long, steep curving road through several stands of trees until I found his number on a stone pillar by a driveway paved with bricks. I turned in, and found myself again among huge trees, their branches arching over the road. 

Finally the trees ended and I saw the house. 

My jaw dropped. It wasn't the biggest house I'd ever seen, but it might have been the most beautiful: Immaculate pale yellow stucco, three stories, green shutters on the many windows, decorated entranceway framing two big wooden doors, shrubs and flower beds. The whole thing looked like something out of Architectural Digest. 

The driveway ended in a loop in front of the house. I pulled off to the side where it widened near the entrance and parked. As I got out I looked back the way I'd come, and got an absolutely spectacular view of the city, where the lights were just coming on.

The door opened and he came out. 

He was even handsomer than I remembered - movie-star looks: sandy blond hair, perfect physique, killer smile with perfect teeth. But he was wearing an Old Navy T-shirt, frayed shorts and flip-flops - like an ordinary person you'd meet on the beach.

"Hi," he said, flashing that smile again. "Come on in."

As he closed the door behind me he leaned in to kiss me.

I was a little surprised, because in all my fooling around with Gil or with Jenny's dad we had never kissed. But the kiss was so gentle that I relaxed, and when he started kissing me more passionately I kissed back. My heart was racing.

When he broke it off he said, "For tonight, I'm Adam and you're David."

"Ok, Adam," I said. "Where is your family?"

"At my wife's mother's place, for the whole week. After work Friday I'm going, too."

I must have looked a little anxious anyway, because he said, "Don't worry, we're alone."

He took me by the hand and led me down a broad hallway to what must have been the family room, with a huge flat-screen TV on the far wall, a bunch of comfortable-looking couches and chairs and toys strewn all about.

"Excuse the mess," he said. "They only left a couple of hours ago and I haven't had a chance to straighten up. Like a drink?"

"Sure," I said. 

He went through a doorway into what must have been the kitchen, and came back a minute later with two tumblers full of what turned out to be gin and tonic. 

"You look like you've got a lot of questions," he said. "Here are the answers: Yes, my wife knows about this and is fine with it. She knew I was bi when we married, and as long as I'm discreet and careful, she doesn't mind what I do. No, I don't do it that often. I certainly don't make a habit of picking up guys in mall bathrooms. But when I saw you go in, with your hardon showing in your pants, something just came over me." 

He smiled again that dazzling smile.

"I'm just lucky you weren't an unusually young mall cop," he said, laughing. "By the way, how old are you?"

"Eighteen," I said. "Just graduated high school."

"Great," he said, taking a long swallow of his drink. I took a big swig from mine, too.

After a minute he went on, "I know you don't know me at all, but I'm going to ask you to trust me. If you do, you'll have an incredible night."

He smiled again.

"I guess I can do that," I said. 

"Ok, then, finish your drink."

I did, and he got up and beckoned me to follow. We went back into the hallway and headed up the stairway. At the top he turned to the left, and we found ourselves in an enormous bedroom. The king-sized bed was on one side; on the other was a small sitting area with a couple of plush chairs and another flat-screen TV. There were windows on two sides, and even from the doorway the view was spectacular.

Adam went into the bathroom and I followed.

The bathroom was bigger than my bedroom at home. The toilet and a bidet were on one side, a huge marble sink in the middle, and to the left were a sunken tub and an enormous shower with glass sides. 

Adam handed me a little bottle with a nozzle on it.

"I assume you know how to use this?" 

I nodded. I hadn't used one before, but I knew what to do. But it hadn't occurred to me that he might fuck me, and when I thought of taking his enormous cock in my ass my stomach knotted a little.

"When you're done get into the shower. I'll be back in a few minutes."

He walked out and closed the door.

I took off my clothes and got started. When I was done I turned on the shower, and when it was good and hot I stepped in.

I turned my face up and let the water stream over me. The drink had been a strong one, and I felt myself start to relax. The knot in my stomach came undone.

I heard the bathroom door open. Then the shower door opened, and Adam stepped in with me. 

I turned to look at him. Not only was he the best-looking man I'd ever seen, he had a near-perfect physique: beautifully proportioned, toned but not overdeveloped muscles, not an ounce of fat. His chest and body hair were blond and very fine, with a slight tinge of red on his pubes.

And then there was that cock. Even completely flaccid, it must have been a full nine inches long. 

Adam saw me gazing at it and laughed.

"Yes, I'm lucky in that department," he said.

With that he took me by the arm, moved me out of the stream of water, turned me around and picked up the soap. He started with my neck, massaging me vigorously as he worked his way from my neck down. When he got to my buttocks he gently nudged my legs apart and soaped my crack, moving forward as he did so until he reached my hole. When he slipped a finger in I gasped, but I soon relaxed and let him clean me thoroughly. 

When he was done there he kneeled to work on my legs, massaging my thighs and calves. When he reached my ankles he turned me around. Still kneeling, he lifted my feet one by one and washed them thoroughly, even between the toes. Then he started working his way up.

By this time my cock was semi-hard, and if he had looked up it would have poked him in the eye. But he kept his head down, and even when it bumped now and then against the top or side of his head he seemed not to notice.

Finally he did look up. My cock was no more than two inches from his lips, but he made no move toward it. Instead he reached up with one soapy hand and began caressing my balls, first one, then the other, then both together. He slipped the other hand up and then between my legs and without any preliminaries slipped two fingers into my hole. I gasped again, and my cock sprang upward. He let go of my balls and took hold, giving it one long stroke and letting it go. I gasped once more. 

He turned me slightly so that the water washed my cock clean of soap, and took me in his mouth. At the same time he slipped another finger in my ass, and I thought I might black out.

But just as I felt my cum starting to rise he let go and stood up. He finished soaping me on the stomach and chest, giving special attention to my nipples.

When he was done he put his arms around me and kissed me again, pressing his cock against mine.

"Now me," he said.

So I did everything exactly as he had done it to me, wondering as I fingered his asshole whether he had douched ahead of time. 

When it came time to take his cock in my mouth I hesitated. He was only partly hard, but even so I couldn't see how I could get half of it in, much less the whole thing. 

"Just relax, concentrate on breathing through your nose."

I opened my mouth, took in the head and tried to relax my throat. He pushed forward slowly, letting me get used to the massive girth. My mouth felt completely full when he was only halfway in, but still he kept pushing. I felt the head move further and further into my throat, and almost before I knew what was happening my nose was against his wet pubes. My eyes were streaming tears but I didn't gag.

"God you are awesome," he said.

He eased his cock back out and I stood up to finish washing him. When I was done we kissed again, grinding our cocks together.

At last he pulled away and turned off the shower. Stepping out, he took a thick white towel off a rack on the wall and dried himself off. Motioning me to step out after him, he took another towel and slowly dried me off. When I was dry he looked me up and down and said, "You are the hottest boy I have ever seen."

Dropping the towels he took me by the hand and led me to the bed. Throwing back the covers, he waved me in and told me to lie on my back. 

Kneeling on the bed next to me, he said, "Now comes the part where you have to trust me."

I looked at him for a minute, trying to guess what he was thinking, but he only gave me that killer smile. His huge cock was about half erect now. 

"Okay," I said.

"Then close your eyes and lie back against the pillows."

When my eyes were closed I heard him open a drawer, and then I felt a hand lift my head up slightly while he slipped a blindfold made of some soft velvety material over my eyes. 

Next he took me by the left hand, and I felt something soft encircle my wrist and then a slight click. I gave a slight tug, and realized I was handcuffed to the bed.

"Ok so far?" he asked.

Without hesitating I said, "Yes."

He then took the other hand and cuffed that one as well. I thought he might be getting ready to cuff my ankles as well, but instead he said, "Lift up your butt."

When I complied he slid something under me, then told me to lower myself again. I was on a soft pad that kept my butt higher than my shoulders, my feet flat on the mattress. 

Then I felt his hand on my balls. He wrapped something underneath them and around the base of my cock, then pulled it snug. I felt my cock stiffen a little and guessed it was pointing straight up.

He moved away for a second, and I heard another drawer opening. When he came back to the bed he moved my legs apart. I felt his hands on my thighs, and then I felt a finger at my hole. He has moistened it with something oily, and he began working it in, his finger slowly going in and out of my ass. I felt several drops fall onto my cock, and then on the skin just above my hole. With one hand he began spreading the oil on my cock, using long strokes, and then slipped two fingers into my hole. Already I could feel an orgasm start to built, but just as it gathered steam his hands withdrew.

After a few seconds I felt something hard begin to enter me. As it did I felt my hole open up; the object seemed to be cone-shaped, and Adam began slowly fucking me with it. I felt a little pain at first but after a few strokes I was able to relax. There was a pause, and I felt something held against one side of my nose.

"Take a deep breath," Adam said, holding the other nostril closed. I took a big whiff, and smelled something sharp, not alcohol, but like some kind of cleaning fluid, and then a huge wave of warmth washed over me. 

"Other side," he said, and I took another whiff. My whole body tingled, and when he started fucking me again with the object I felt my whole insides relax. 

Next I felt something warm and moist on my cock, and realized he was sucking me. I came very close to coming, but at the last moment he backed off and pulled the object out. The orgasmic feeling began to subside.

After a few seconds I felt something else enter me, bigger this time, and longer, undoubtedly a dildo. He went through the same sequence: fucking me with it, stopping to let me sniff what I now realized were poppers, fucking and sucking me to the edge of orgasm, backing off at the last second. 

The next round the dildo seemed to be even bigger and longer. My hole was stretched open far more than I would have thought possible, and when it reached the maximum point of penetration it felt like a foot long. Again the same sequence: fucking, whiffing, sucking to the edge of orgasm, then withdrawal. 

By this time I was thrashing around on the bed, tugging at the handcuffs and thrusting whenever I felt his mouth on me. 

"Make me come," I begged. "Please. Oh God, I feel like I'm about to explode. Please make me come."

"Not yet." 

The big dildo came out, and a smaller one was inserted, maybe half the size the last one but curved at the end. At first I was almost disappointed - I had gotten used to the big one inside me - then I heard a click and it started vibrating. 

"Ohhhhhhh," I moaned. "Ohhhh fuck, oh God, oohhh."

I felt the curved tip of the dildo moving around till it found a spot toward my front a couple of inches in. As it pressed against the spot the vibrations got stronger.

"Jesus God," I said. 

I couldn't see my cock but I knew it was rock-hard, standing straight up and probably nearly purple. I felt something dripping over the head and realized I was leaking, not cumming or even pre-cumming, but having some kind of steady, slow-motion ejaculation.

And I was practically sobbing. 

"Please make me cum," I begged again. "This is driving me crazy."

"I guess you're ready," Adam said. "Lift up."

I planted my legs on the bed and raised my backside, and he slid the pad out from under me. I felt the mattress shift as he positioned himself between my legs. Then he hooked his hands behind the knees and rolled my legs back against my chest. 

It was then I felt his cock against my hole.

"Here it comes," I thought, but he wasn't quite ready to enter me. Instead he slid the underside of his cock, now totally rigid, slowly up and down against my hole. The sensation was so intense I started whimpering.

"Put it in," I begged, "Just put it in."

So he did. Without any further preliminaries, he put the tip of his enormous cock at my hole and started pushing. 

My ass was so loose and wet by this time that I just opened up, like women do when their pussies are completely engorged and primed for fucking. I was so aroused, inside and out, that i could feel the ridge around his cockhead and every throbbing vein on the shaft. 

He was going slowly, giving my ass time to adjust, but I felt no pain or discomfort at all. I felt nothing but pleasure, a full, warm feeling that seemed to pulse outward from my ass through the rest of my body.

"Oh...God...yes," I said. 

He was going faster now, sliding that big cock in and out, going a little deeper each time. Finally he bottomed out, and I felt his pubes against skin around my hole.

It was then Adam started really fucking me, the way I had fucked Jenny sometimes when we were both absolutely in the moment, not roughly but with a kind of crazed intensity. His cock moved in and out of me like a piston, in long steady strokes that ended with a slapping sound as he bottomed out each time.

I could feel tingling in my own cock. I desperately wanted to touch myself, but with my hands bound I could only wait, utterly helpless, for what he might do to bring me off.

No sooner had that thought passed through my mind than he pulled out, with a wet popping sound, and shifted on the bed. Next thing I felt was his mouth on my cock. He took it in with one swallow, and I felt his nose against my pubic bone. In just seconds I was ready to explode.

He backed off again, rolled my legs back and to the sides, propped himself up on his arms and slid that enormous cock back into my hole.

Three long rapid strokes and with a deep growl he finally came. He ground himself into me, pumping so much cum that I could feel its warmth in my ass. That pushed me over the edge. I practically sobbed as the first pulse of my orgasm sent cum flying over my stomach and chest. He pulled out halfway and came back in, and I felt another wad of cum shoot out of my cock. Again out and back, again a wad of cum from me.
