 Wally Johnson began visiting the videos booths of Adult Book and Novelty stores in the summer of 1970. He was 28 years old at the time and a very active single guy. He was a decent athlete and played on several softball teams, played tennis, golfed and worked out at the gym. He was 6'1" and 190 pounds with a very fit body. Based on his success with the ladies and to look at him, one would never guess that he was a frequent visitor to the video booths. Now the year was 1989 and he was still visiting adult book stores and videos booths when the mood struck him.

He dated a number of girls whom he met both at work and the bar scene. Usually after softball games the team would stop at the local bar that sponsored the team for beers. Some of the girls from work would be at the bar as well. Often Wally was either headed to their place or his with one of them after several beers. At the time, he was living in a major city in Ohio. 

Wally enjoyed watching porn and sometimes the girl he was with wanted to watch some too. He had stopped by this one video store occasionally to rent a movie. One time at checkout he overheard the attendant and another guy talking about this other store. They were talking in a low voice but he still picked up on the topic. They were talking about all the action that went on at the other place and how calm things were at this store in comparison.

He assumed that the action they were referring to was among the gay customers. The gay scene was not his thing at all but he did recall his brief fling with a beautiful young gay in Paris, France. It had been purely coincidental but it had been more enjoyable than he would have ever imagined. It happened when he was 21 years old and touring France with a school group. Wally had let the pretty gay blow him and then he later agreed to anal sex. 

They hooked up just four times but each time the sex was great and Wally would cum three, sometimes four times. He never touched the Frenchman's cock but that was never an issue and he was never pressured to do so. It was his only bisexual experience and he never pursued another one after that. He liked his lifestyle and was not starved for sex. 

As he listened to the two guys discuss the other store, his curiosity got the best of him. Was there really sucking and fucking going on in the store? He left that evening with a porn movie that featured couples at a health spa. The plot was weak as always but there were beautiful women getting fucked with impressive cocks. Wally was well endowed, not like some of the porno stars, but he was pleased with his 7" manhood and the ladies were too. 

The movie also had the seemingly obligatory girl on girl sex. It was carried out by two attractive and shapely actresses. They even fucked each other with a strap-on dildo. The year was 1970 and at that time most all sex was unprotected. The guys usually discharged their loads on the women. Most of the times on their faces and then the women would suck the cocks clean. One scene turned him on, when the guy ejaculated on the woman's buttocks and then pushed his cock back in her ass.

Wally liked anal sex as he thought that it was the most erotic of all. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of a shapely ass. At the time, he only knew two girls who like anal sex and allowed him in their bottom. His next favorite was doggy style, so he could look at the shapely bottom during sex. He masturbated a couple of times that night watching the movie. He would return the movie the next day but as he thought about that, he thought back to the conversation at the book store. He knew he would not be satisfied until her verified the rumor he heard.

THE FIRST TIME

Wally returned the movie the next day after work and then he decided to visit the other store. It was short drive away and he arrived about 7:00 PM, since it was early it was not too crowded. He was able to find a nearby parking place. He walked in and looked around as it was his first time. He noticed that there was a large videos arcade and most all the patrons were walking up and down the aisle jiggling tokens.

He decided to look over some of the videos selection. They were organized by theme and he was drawn to the anal section. He loved anal sex and he particularly liked the hot European women with natural bodies getting butt fucked. He was looking over the videos when this guy next to him spoke. 

"There are some pretty hot movies showing in the arcade. They rent the ones showing so you can kind of preview them."

"Okay, thank you," Wally replied being polite. 

As he did however, he studied the young man closely, who was blonde and very good looking. He would say prettier than handsome. Wally guessed him to be about 5'6" and 150 pounds. The blonde walked back toward the video arcade and Wally watched the curvy ass in the tight tan slacks. He obviously had come onto Wally in a subtle way and for some reason he had perked his interest. 

Wally picked up some tokens and walked back to the video arcade. He saw the blonde enter a booth and Wally quickly entered the one next to it and locked the door. The booth had a selection button and you could choose from 8 different videos. He had planned to search for a hot chick getting fucked in the ass but when the screen lit up it held his attention.

There was a very good looking blonde gay getting fucked in the ass by a well-hung guy. The porn actor reminded him of the pretty gay in the booth next to him. He watched the movie and freed his cock and balls from his pants. He just unzipped and pulled his cock and balls through the openings in his boxers and pants. He stroked his cock watching the movie and then saw fingers come through the small opening between the booths. 

Wally heard the blonde whisper, "Bring it over here."

He was nervous but he fed the box with more tokens and fed his stiff dick through the round hole. Within seconds his cock was in the warm wet mouth of the pretty blonde. As he was sucked, Wally continued to feed the box and watch the gay movie. The first scene concluded with the hung guy pulling out and ejaculating all over the pretty blonde's ass. The movie panned to a new scene and this one with another very good looking blonde gay being seduced by a guy offering free massages. 

The blonde in the other booth was doing a good job sucking Wally's cock but he was trying to delay his release for as long as he could. He continued to watch the movie. The scene was very hot and the fake masseuse worked the blonde gay to perfection. He massaged lovely round buttocks and fingered the anus before he finally fed his big dick to the receptive ass. As in the first scene he fucked the blonde until he came and then he pulled out and shot a huge load on the beautiful buns. 

At that point, Wally lost it and whispered that he was going to cum. The discharge caught the blonde by surprise and he quickly took the spurting cock from his mouth and jerked Wally off until he was drained. He then took the big dick back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Wally pulled his cock back through the hole and tucked it back in his pants. He waited until the video stopped and left without watching anymore of it. The movie had got his attention though and he made note of the title. The movie was titled, "Pretty Blonde Bottoms and their Hung Tops." For some reason, he decided that he had to see more of that movie. 

Feeling a bit embarrassed and vulnerable, Wally exited the video booth. He was somewhat relieved that he did not see the cute blonde who sucked him off. Red-faced, he left the arcade section and went to the counter to rent the gay movie. The attendant got it from the back and promptly put it in a brown paper bag. Wally was still blushing as he had never watched gay porn and now he was renting a gay movie. 

"It's due back tomorrow or there is a $3 a day late fee," the cashier said firmly.

"Got it, thanks!" he replied and left the store.

The cute blonde was outside waiting. "Hi, did you enjoy yourself? I'm Leslie."

"Hello Leslie, I'm Wally and yes, I did enjoy myself," he admitted, blushing again.

"Good, you have a great cock and I loved sucking it. I would like to again sometime or maybe you would like to fuck me?"

"I don't know, maybe, but not tonight. I've never done this before, maybe I'll see you here again sometime."

"You have to return the movie tomorrow. I'll be here at the same time."

"Goodbye Leslie," he said cutting the conversation short.

"Goodbye Wally, I hope to see you tomorrow."

As Wally walked back to his car with a movie rental, he passed several cars where there was action going on. He saw some heads bobbing up and down on stiff cocks. In one car, he saw a guy getting fucked in the back seat. It confirmed that the rumors about this place were true. He drove home and he could not get two things out of his mind. First was the excellent blow job that he received from Leslie. Second was the two scenes in the movie with two gorgeous blonde gays getting fucked in their sweet asses. Wally was anxious to get home and watch the entire movie. 

That night he had a couple of drinks and watched the movie. There were six scenes in total with each one having a weak story line but great sex. The two blonde porn actors, were in three scenes each but each time with a different top or tops. It started out with one as a paperboy collecting on his route and he was seduced and fucked by a customer. 

The second scene was with the other blonde working out with another guy. He too was seduced and the guy fucked him on various pieces of exercise equipment. Next it was the first blonde again and he was shooting pool with two muscular guys. He ended up sucking and fucking both guys. Then it was the second blonde and this time he is fucked royally at a swimming pool by two hung studs. The last two scenes were the ones Wally had watched in the video booth. First one blonde is in a prison cell and he seduced and fucked with a big cock. The second blonde was the one seduced and fucked by the fake masseuse. 

Wally recalled that Leslie was as good looking as both the blonde porn stars. From what he remembered about the curvy ass in those tan slacks, he sensed that it was every bit as nice as the asses of the porn stars. He didn't have a good reason but he decided that he would return the movie about the same time tomorrow in hopes that Leslie might be there. The next day, Saturday, he watched the movie several times before heading to the video store. Watching the blonde bottoms get fucked, he kept thinking about Leslie and wondered if he would look that good naked.

He drove to the store and on the way, he got nervous again. Would he really go through with fucking the pretty blonde gay? Where would he fuck him, in a booth, in a car? He wasn't ready to bring a gay back to his place. Maybe he would just return the movie and split. Or maybe he would just settle for another blow job.

RETURN TO THE SCENE

Wally entered the store and returned the movie. He didn't see Leslie so he went back over to the movie section and looked at the different titles. Minutes later Leslie came in the store and smiled when he spotted Wally. He came over and told Wally to follow him. Once again, Wally watched the curvy ass as he walked behind him. That evening he wore shorts and a tee shirt. They followed the same routine as they had the previous night, except that Leslie directed him to a different booth. He entered the booth leaving the door unlocked and then Leslie joined him minutes later. He noticed that the booth didn't have any holes in the walls. 

Leslie popped a couple of tokens in the box and smiled as he whispered, "I was hoping you would come back. I picked this booth because it doesn't have any glory holes in it." 

Leslie wasted no time as he dropped to his knees and freed Wally's cock. He first unzipped the fly, then unbuckled the belt and pushed the pants down below the knees. Next, he pulled the underwear down past the knees and the stiff cock popped out. Wally was hard by the time the warm mouth engulfed his cock. As Leslie sucked him, Wally continued to feed the token box and watched the movie. His eyes went back and forth to the movie and watching Leslie's head bob up and down on his cock.

Leslie covered his cock with his mouth and gave him a mind-blowing blow job. He ran his hands over Wally's body and under the shirt to get at the washboard abs. He scraped his finger along the perineum causing him to shiver and raising goose bumps on the skin. He caressed the bloated balls and swirled his tongue around the rigid cock. Only Karen came close to giving head like this.

Wally gently grabbed the blonde's head as he knew he was close to cumming. Leslie picked up the pace and he soon had Wally shooting a load down his throat. Jets of cum shot into his mouth and the first spurts hit the back of his throat. Leslie swallowed as quickly as he could and he did not miss a single drop. He kept the cock in his mouth and drained every drop from the pulsating shaft. Then he took the cock from his mouth and ran his tongue around the mushroom head and into the pee slit. Wally was shaking from the tingling sensations and he almost lost his balance when Leslie nibbled gently on the head of the cock sending shock waves through his body.

Leslie stood up and Wally could see his erect cock pushing his shorts out. "Do you think that you can go again?" he asked.

Wally knew that he could as he was still able to cum three or four times a night. He just nodded that he could.

"Wally, would you like to fuck me?" Leslie whispered in more of a request than a question. "I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me," he said again.

"In here?" Wally whispered back in a concerned manner.

"It's okay, we just have to be quiet." 

"Okay then, I guess I can fuck you."

Leslie took something out of his shorts and then he pulled his shorts and his briefs down to his ankles. He turned away from Wally who looked at his magnificent ass. It was round, firm, hairless and the skin was flawless. It was perfect. Leslie bent over arching his back and once again Wally felt that tingle in his pubes. The blonde used whatever he had taken from his pocket and began to grease his anus. Wally waited for Leslie to give him the all clear and then he moved closer to the pretty gay. His cock was rock hard and suddenly he was anxious to put it in the curvy ass. 

Wally knelt behind Leslie and began to caress his beautiful ass his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He couldn't believe how much Leslie looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass pushed back toward him. With the long blonde hair covering his neck and ears, Leslie looked very desirable. Wally was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer to Leslie and lined up the head of the cock with the pink rubbery ring and began to ease it in. The cock head cleared the sphincter and it slid right in without too much resistance. The ass chute was warm and tight as Wally went deep into the receptive ass. He was all the way in Leslie's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed the smooth round bottom. 

"God, that feels so good, fuck me," Leslie whispered.

His beautiful ass was in the air and the big cock was fully embedded in it. Wally pulled back a little and pushed forward. Leslie groaned as Wally began to slowly fuck him. Each time he would start taking longer strokes. The cock head was at the edge of his anus before Wally pushed it back into him. Their fucking was making a sucking sound but so was the movie. 

Leslie asked Wally to fuck him harder and quicker. He picked up the pace and he started pounding the ass faster and faster. Leslie was moaning with each thrust of the cock. Wally could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in the lovely ass. He tried to delay the ejaculation but once Leslie started to contract his sphincter muscle, he lost it. He fired a barrage of cum in the gripping, clenching ass filling the rectum.

Leslie moaned and then whispered in his excitement, "Oh yeah cum in my ass. I can feel it."

As Wally continued to fuck him, semen backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over the blonde's balls. Leslie used his talented sphincter to milk the cock and drain it of all the seed. Wally didn't think that he would get soft again at that time and remained hard in the tight sheath. Leslie's milking action weakened Wally and he leaned over on the slim effeminate body. Wally was so fucking hot that he crammed his cock fully into the lovely gay. Leslie held the cock and he massaged it with his sphincter. Leslie humped up against Wally fucking him back. The video booth smelled of sex and sweat. Wally noticed Leslie's hand flying over his cock as he sought his own release.

"I want to cum just from you fucking me," he whispered urgently, "Just keep fucking me."

Wally managed to stay hard, taking slow long strokes in and out of his ass as Leslie pushed up into him more and more. Soon the blonde took control and just fucked the big cock. Wally remained still and let Leslie fuck him with his hot ass. The actions became more erratic and the thrusts shorter and more powerful. Leslie was grunting as the cock slid in and out of his hot ass. The cock was barely staying in his ass but then Leslie slowed down and let the cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming. Wally saw his cum shoot out and hit the wall below the movie screen. 

Wally felt Leslie's body shiver when he came and his ass tightened around the still stiff dick cock. As the cock eventually softened and slipped from Leslie's ass, Wally stepped back to look at the fabulous looking bottom that he had just fucked. He put some more tokens into the box to buy them some time as we cleaned up the best they could. The wiped ourselves with paper towels and then dressed. Wally still couldn't believe that he had fucked a gay in a public place. As they had before, Wally left the booth first and then Leslie came out several minutes later and they met in the parking lot. Leslie thanked him for a great time then as they did the night before, they parted company. Wally had almost asked Leslie if he wanted to come over to his apartment as he would have loved to fuck his hot ass again but he thought better of it.

WEEKS LATER A RETURN VISIT

Wally had cooled his jets for a couple of weeks and avoided the adult book store. He was getting his share of pussy and didn't need to watch any porn. Still his mind wondered back to the day he fucked Leslie and how much he liked the anal sex. Then one weekend it was heavy rain and thunderstorms. He went out for breakfast and while he was eating her decided to pick up a porn movie. He didn't have any dates for the weekend and he wasn't up to go clubbing in the rain.

He arrived at the store about noon and he was surprised how crowded the place was at that time. He assumed everyone decided to get out and have fun instead of staying home in the rain. The lot was full so he parked on a side street and walked back to the store. It was pouring but thankfully he had an umbrella. He walked down the alley passed a number of cars that were occupied. He could barely see in the windows but he was able to make out the images of guys having sex. 

Most of the gays were sucking cock but a couple were fucking in their cars. He was amazed that they were so blatant during the day but then again it was hard to see in the rain. He entered the store and saw that there were quite a few people in it. He placed his umbrella by the door and took a closer look. He did not see Leslie, not that he expected to that early. In a way, he regretted not having Leslie's phone number. 
