 IF YOU'RE HORNY AND ALL ELSE FAILS

Wally worked with the project team in a Chicago suburb and for the first couple of weeks he was swamped with work. He still played softball on Monday night and then he was on a 6:00 AM flight the next morning to O'Hare airport. The office was short drive from the airport and three of them shared a taxi. There were long days and no time for fun activities. They usually left the office at 7:00 or 8:00 PM, stopped for dinner and then turned in. On Thursday, he was on a 6:00 PM flight back home and with the time difference he did not get home until about 10:00 PM.

On Friday, he reported to work at the home office and put in another full and busy day. He didn't leave the office until 6:00 PM and he was too tired to go clubbing after work. He would reserve Saturdays for dating, clubbing and chasing pussy. This one Friday he was horny and wanted to get his rocks off so he thought about stopping at the adult book store. He hoped that he might run into either Leslie or Kylie. If not, he might settle for s blow job from a decent looking gay.

The place was very crowded and he had to park a few blocks away. Once again on his way to the store, he purposely walked down the alley and saw action going in in some of the cars. He entered the store and he was in luck as Leslie spotted him right away. He approached Wally and took his arm leading him over to the videos section. There was something up and Leslie whispered to him. 

"This place is a zoo tonight. I was getting ready to leave. Do you want to hook up at your place?"

Wally now knew Leslie and that he wasn't a threat. There were no softball tournaments that weekend so Saturday was free. He thought why not?

"Okay, I'm parked a few blocks from here."

"I'll give you a ride to your car."

Leslie drove Wally to his car and then followed him to the apartment complex. It would be the first time that Wally ever had a gay guy in his apartment. They settled in as Wally served up a couple of beers. Leslie asked where he had been as he had not seen him in weeks. Wally explained he was out of town because of the project and that he had been extremely busy, not to mention being very tired on Fridays. 

"I don't have any porn to watch."

"I don't need porn to be turned on to you," Leslie replied and he moved to Wally's chair.

Leslie knelt down and began to undress his host. He removed the shoes and socks. Wally had already shed his suit jacket and tie, so Leslie reached for the belt. He unbuckled the belt, unzipped the fly and unfastened the pants. He pulled the pants down and off Wally who had lifted his hips assisting the pretty gay. Next it was the boxer underwear and Leslie pulled them down slowly baring the hardening cock. Wally had unbuttoned his dress shirt and bared his chest. 

Leslie took a hold of the rising erection and stroked it briefly before taking it in his mouth. His expertise came through again and he had Wally ready to shoot in record time. Since he had not been having sex on the road, he was ready to bust a gut. Wally knew it would be a big load and he warned Leslie.

"I'm going to cum soon and it's going to be big."

Leslie was now on the alert and when he felt the cock pulse in his mouth he removed it and stroked it. He pointed the big dick into the air as he masturbated it. Wally closed his eyes when he felt the surge and then opened them just as he was cumming. For a few brief seconds, it looked like an oil rig when it hit oil. Spurts shot out and went into the air above Leslie's head. The first three shots were massive and they landed on Leslie's head and shoulders. 

He kept stroking the spewing cock and pointed it at his chest to receive the next volley of semen. Cum was dripping down from his head and running down the side of his face. It also ran down off his shoulders and mingled with the seed on his chest. Leslie was drenched in cum and he giggled at his dilemma. He stood up and excused himself.

"Wally, I'm going to use your bathroom to clean up."

"Sure, go ahead."

Wally was slouched in his favorite chair with his still hard dick resting on his abdomen. Leslie came out of the bathroom and he was nude and sporting an erection. The blonde looked beautiful in his nakedness and Wally immediately thought of that fantastic ass.

"Can we go to your bedroom? Would you like to fuck me now?"

"You read my mind."

"Well, only of you are thinking with your dick." 

"Funny, follow me," Wally answered as he stood up and his impressive cock pointed the way to the bedroom.

Leslie had brought his own lubricant. Even if wally had some, it was the kind he preferred. It was greaseless and washed up very well after anal sex. Wally pulled the comforter down to the foot of the bed and they both got in bed with Leslie on his knees assuming a submissive position. He handed Wally the lube and reminded him that his ass was clean as he had douched earlier.

Wally applied the lubricant greasing the passage thoroughly. He liked fingering the shapely bottom and he placed his hand on one cheek as he fingered the anus with the other. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and thoroughly lubricated the chamber. He put one then two fingers in the lovely ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Wally. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time."

The pretty blonde then dropped onto to the bed. Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Wally lowered his body onto the slender gay. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided it to the rubbery ring. Leslie held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened him up and stretched the sphincter. Wally was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated the sweet bottom. Leslie's ass opened up and welcomed the thick cock into the warm snug passage. Wally held still and let the blonde move under him. Once he was satisfied that Leslie had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they were regular lovers. Leslie rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the mattress. The move accentuated the round shape of his lovely ass. Wally like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally he preferred the doggy style position but he found he liked the way Leslie felt under him. The blonde groaned repeatedly each time Wally buried his cock in the receptive ass.

Every time Wally drove his cock into the curvy bottom, Leslie lifted his hips to receive it. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm. Wally wrapped his arms around Leslie's upper body and hugged the smooth skinned gay. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Wally felt just like he could have been in the ass of a woman. He was still amazed that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. Wally was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot another massive load, this time into the clenching, gripping rectum.

Leslie groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Wally moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the warm rectum until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into Leslie and remained still as the blonde clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the pulsating shaft. Wally was still hard when he removed his cock from the well-fucked ass and he rolled to his side. Leslie turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Wally watched him jerk off. 

Seeing that Wally was still hard he said in a strained voice, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Wally moved back to the blonde who lifted his legs to receive the cock. He eased his cock back into Leslie's well-lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Leslie stroked his cock as he was fucked. Wally was pleased that he was still hard after cumming twice. He watched as Leslie closed his eyes and felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as the pretty gay ejaculated. Leslie's massive load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Looking up and smiling he whispered, "I think that you like fucking me."

Wally just nodded and once again was embarrassed about what happened. He was still not completely okay with the bi-sex. He was fine during the act but was uncomfortable when it sank in. He pulled out of Leslie and got towels for both of them. They wiped the semen from their body. They were both so charged they weren't even close to thinking about sleeping.

"Wally, can I spend the night here?"

"Yes, I have nothing planned in the morning. I going to grab another beer and watch the news. Want one?"

"Sure, I'll join you."

Wally left the bedroom, retrieved his boxer underwear and got two beers from the fridge. Seeing that Wally had donned his boxers, Leslie felt compelled to put his underwear on too. Normally he would have been fine staying nude but he sensed Wally's discomfort. They watched the news and finished their beers and then it was back to bed. Once in the bedroom they slipped off their underwear and got back in bed. 

Within minutes Wally was buried balls deep again in Leslie's tight ass. Leslie was flattened on the bed face down as Wally drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his gay lover. Leslie's ass moved under him but Wally's strength and drive kept the slender blonde pinned under him. His powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the irresistible curvy ass. His thick cock drove into the passage and then retreated until only the head remained trapped by the rubbery ring. Leslie felt the powerful shaft drive in and out like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!"

Wally continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his lover driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass. He felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed more semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Wally felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. Remarkably he stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck the luscious ass as his semen coated his shaft. 

Leslie sensed that Wally was insatiable that night and whispered, "Wally if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Wally rolled to his side keeping his cock in as he pulled Leslie to the side. Wally's hands wrapped around and caressed the smooth slender body. He gently pinched Leslie's nipples and kept fucking him until Leslie came. He came two times before Wally improbably came in his ass again. The first time Leslie ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Finally, Wally lost it and a small amount of semen oozed into Leslie's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as the spent cock slowly deflated and slipped out. By the time they were ready to sleep the semen had dried on Leslie's body. They fell asleep in the spoon position with Leslie's cum drying on his body.

COME SATURDAY MORNING

In the morning Wally was awake first and he quietly got out of bed and went in the bathroom to pee and take a shower. He was letting the warm water cascade over his body wondering whether it had been a bad idea to let Leslie stay overnight. Minutes later the pretty gay joined him in the shower. Although surprised that Leslie was so assertive, Wally was okay with it. He looked gorgeous and very alluring.

"Got room for me?" Leslie asked.

"Plenty of room, come on in."

The two of them then began to wash each other with the body wash. Wally washed paid particular attention to Leslie's ass, who in turn, soaped up the thick cock. Wally moved behind the lovely blonde and washed his smooth chest and taut abs. Next the strong hands made their way down to Leslie's ass. Wally cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up the sweet buns. He fingered the rubbery ring as Leslie soaped up the erect cock. Leslie leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Wally. Succumbing to the alluring sight before him, Wally eased his cock into the soapy rectum as he held to the slender hips.

Leslie groaned seductively as the big dick entered his ass. Wally fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. He actually let it slide all the way out a few times but each time putting it back in. he took pleasure in watching his cock re-enter the sweet ass several times. Wally was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he expected. Although he wanted to hold off and fuck the pretty gay longer, his balls tightened as he unloaded in the receptive ass. He held onto to the slender hips and drove his cock deep into Leslie's bottom. Leslie felt the hot cum fill his rectum and instinctively used his sphincter muscle to squeeze the thick cock. 

Wally sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck the irresistible ass. Leslie realized that Wally would fuck him until he ejaculated a second time and he began to stroke his own cock. Leslie that morning asked Wally to jerk him off.

Just as he had with Kylie he grabbed a hold of the slim 6" cock and jerked it off as he fucked the blonde's ass. Just as Wally came in the sweet ass a second time, Leslie screamed that he was cumming too. Wally stroked the cock quicker and he watched as Leslie ejaculated. Leslie's cum spewed out of his cock and trickled over Wally's hand only to be washed away by the shower water. They let the shower water cascade over their bodies and cleanse them of all semen. Then they dried off and put just their underwear back on. 

They took a break for breakfast as Wally made pancakes and sausage. They also had juice and coffee. Leslie helped with the breakfast dishes but he was anxious for more of Wally's marvelous cock. He would be leaving that morning and he wanted to be fucked one more time. They sat in the living room area with their coffee but then Leslie went to work on the thick cock, working it into an erect state.

Leslie was taken with Wally's impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping it hard. Wally was now ready to fuck and he told Leslie to get on all fours. Wally used the special lubricant and greased up his cock. Then he lubed Leslie's anus and he again marveled at the shapely ass on the smaller frame. Leslie looked good on all fours as he waited for Wally's cock to penetrate his ass. Wally took his time lubricating the bottom as he liked the submissive posture that Leslie presented. The pretty blonde had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. The ass was elevated and the back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape. Leslie looked perfect and he presented exactly the submissive image that Wally liked to fuck.

Moving in close, he slowly eased his cock into the lovely bottom. Leslie gasped slightly with the penetration as his sphincter stretched once again to accept the big cock. Once past the taut ring, he fucked him slowly. Leslie's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Wally picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the sweet blonde bottom. The curvy buttocks would jiggle each time and Wally loved the effect. He felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump another substantial load in the receptive ass. Leslie felt Wally stiffen and make one final thrust as he buried his cock in deep. Leslie felt cum surge into him and he felt the cock throb with each spurt. Wally was glad that he had been able to cum so much a second time.

The sphincter clenched and unclenched as it massaged the thick cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Wally kept pressed against the bottom and let his cock be milked dry. Leslie couldn't hold that position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Wally stayed with him and lay on top of smooth skin blonde with his cock still buried in the sweet ass. Wally felt the smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. He remained on top until Leslie asked him to get off. He then realized that he had been crushing the smaller body. Wally then rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped from the dilated anus.

Leslie remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Wally looked over at twitching pucker and he could see cum oozing from it. He caressed the curvy smooth ass and then he played with the rubbery ring. He pushed his finger into the cum filled hole and Leslie wiggled his ass in response. Leslie then pushed himself up on all fours giving Wally better access. It was then that he noticed that Leslie had cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and he knew it was from Leslie's ejaculation.

"Oh Wally, that was one of my best fucks ever."

"I'm glad. I liked fucking you."

"I think that I messed your bed sheets,"

"No problem, I was going to do laundry later today."

"Have you ever been in a threesome?"

"Yeah, a couple of times. Once with another guy and a girl. Another time with two girls."

"Would you consider a threesome with me and Kylie? I know that he had you and you seemed to like fucking him."

"I would have to give that some thought. I never thought that I would be having bi-sex. I need to take it slow."

"Sure, I understand, it just that I would love to be getting my cock sucked or sucking a cock, while you fucked me. Kylie would too."

"I'll think about. Give me your phone number and I'll call if I decide to get together again. For now, though, I need to send you on your way and get cleaned up."

They got out of bed and Leslie showered first as Wally stripped the bed and piled up the laundry. He waited until Leslie left before he showered, dressed and headed to the laundromat. There was a burger place nearby and he had lunch while his laundry was being washed and dried. Later that afternoon he called a few girls but they all had plans. He decided to hit a few clubs after dinner.

He had fun clubbing, drinking and dancing. However, he did not end up scoring that night. Some girls were not interested in one-night-stands and others were not appealing. He did get a couple of phone numbers for potential dates down the road. He got home late that night and had a night cap. Sipping his drink he thought about Leslie and he was glad that he let him stay overnight and fucked him twice that day.

On Sunday. he was to spend the afternoon and evening with Karen. He would take her to dinner and then they would have sex at her place. She was a good lay and she gave decent head, almost as good as Leslie.

CHICAGO AND THE SUBURBS

The following week, Wally had a change in schedule. He was to stay at the Chicago office through Friday and then be back on Monday for a special presentation. He decided to spend the weekend at the suburban office and hang out in the city on Saturday and Sunday. He also decided to drive rather than fly and he left the Ohio office Monday afternoon. It was about a five-hour drive and he checked into the hotel at 8:00 PM.

It was a busy week right up through Friday and not much time for socialization. He planned to do some sightseeing in Chicago the weekend and also hit a few hot spots in the city at night. On Friday, it was raining like crazy by the time he got off work and he headed back to the hotel. It was not a good night to be out and about, so he ordered a sandwich and a beer through room service and turned on the TV.
