 First I want to apologize for making everyone wait. I was pretty busy and will be in the future too. I won't be able to write as fast as I did the first two chapters so please be patient with me and continue to read my stories. I will try to write one chapter each month at least. I won't be able to post another chapter for three or four weeks so I thought I would post what I have so far. Second I want to give a huge thanks to everyone who loves reading my stories. It means so much to me that you like them! I smile for days after reading your comments. You encourage me to keep writing this story and your love makes me love my story even more. So again thank you for all your support and I hope you continue to read my stories. Please look forward for the next chapter.

***************************************************

"I'm really surprised you decided to meet up with me. Sterling didn't mind?"

"You are the one who said that Sterling wouldn't mind. Plus he's not in charge of me. I can meet who I want."

"Wow."

"What? You certainly have become bold dating him. I remember how shy and innocent you were in high school. Hardly talked to anyone but now you have the football captain wrapped around your finger. Impressive. Makes me more intrigued."

"Don't misunderstand any of this. I am only here to prove my point to Sterling. This has nothing to do with you liking me or me liking you. I still want you to stay away from me."

"At least here me out, now that you've come all this way, even if it's to get back at Sterling."

"Fine I'm listening but if I decide by the end of this that you are a complete douche you will never talk to me again or Sterling."

"Shouldn't Sterling get to make his own decisions?"

I gave Ken the "you don't have any right to say anything" look.

"Okay well," Ken took a deep breath, "I want to apologize about that night. I know it's my responsibility for my behavior and actions but I was pretty wasted when I...did what I did. I honestly didn't know what I was doing and I thought you could stop me if you wanted to. I didn't realize that you really couldn't move. After hearing that you had a crush on me in high school, I assumed you still probably liked me a little deep down and I hoped that I could make you want me. I waited two years for you then and it was difficult to hold back after seeing you again. It was a really shitty thing to do and I truly apologize. I can't believe I did that. I felt like a complete dickhead and I had lost Sterling as my friend. Honestly I was freaking out a little if you would press charges. Thank you for not doing that. I promise nothing like this will happen again. It might be difficult to believe after all that but I really am not a bad guy. I just got carried away with you. I would have never done anything like that if I wasn't drinking. I would have been proper and taken you out on a date or something. I know I can't blame alcohol and use that as some excuse but I really am sorry."

"You are right. You can't blame your actions on the alcohol."

Ken actually looked distressed. He really was apologizing to me and totally meant it.

"I totally get if you never want to see me again. I don't even want to think about how things could have ended if Sterling hadn't come. At least we were in a house with lots of people. Someone would have come upstairs to make out at one point or another. I'm sure I would have been punched by someone else if not Sterling. If you want to hit me you can. I deserve it. I honestly felt really ashamed of myself for a while. Had no idea what to say or do to make all this up to you and Sterling."

"How does Sterling feel about all of this?"

"He doesn't know."

"What do you mean he doesn't know? You said you're friends."

"I never said that. I said he talks to me in class but that's because we have to get in groups and do bullshit class activities. Besides that, he doesn't even look at me."

"So. You aren't friends?"

"What? Of course not. He hates my guts. I'm surprised he hasn't kicked my ass again."

"Oh shit."

"What?"

"I made a big mistake," I cringed remembering my flip out at Sterling.

"What did you do?"

"I thought you meant that Sterling is friends with you in class the other day. I sort of...yelled at him in front of his entire team and said I couldn't trust him."

"Oh shit is right. I can't believe you did that."

"I didn't even listen to what he had to say. Oh God I messed up! I'm so stupid. I should've listened to him at least. Ughh!"

"Hey calm down Adrian. I'm sure he'll understand. He could never stay mad at you."

"How do you know so much about us?"

He took another deep breath and exhaled, "well shortly after our class started he came up to me one day and said that you two are dating and if I even so much as looked at you I would have my ass in my hand. Bro was always scary but he's terrifying now that you two are together."

"Yet you enrolled in my class, sat down in my spot, and talked to me."

"The first two of those were coincidental I promise and the last one, it's you. How could I not. And I want wanted to apologize to you. Being in the same class as you gave me the perfect opportunity. I would feel shitty for the rest of my life if I didn't say something to you then."

"Even though you said all this, it doesn't change anything. I still don't like you."

Ken looks down at his hands with a sad expression.

"But you can sit wherever you want in class."

"Really?!" His face lit up like a small child who was handed candy.

"Don't get too excited. If I catch you sitting in my spot again, I'll tell Sterling to follow through with his ass in hand plan."

Ken chuckled with an expression of relief.

"That's the smile I remember from high school," I smirked at Ken.

"Thank you Adrian. Sterling is lucky to have you. I hate to say it but you two are good together. Come to me if he ever makes you cry though."

Ken grabbed his coffee mug, waved bye, and left.

*****

"Pick up, pick up, pick up! Damn it! Sterling! This won't do. I have to make this right. I have to say this to him in person."

"Oh hey Adrian! How's it going man?"

"Hey Derek. Is Sterling home?"

"Nah man, I think he went out with his team somewhere."

"Out? Like for a game?"

"Oh no. Just to eat with the team I think. Some sort of bonding thing. I'll never get that. I would rather eat with a hot chick you know. Never mind, you wouldn't know."

"Just because I am gay doesn't mean I would mind eating with a pretty girl Derek."

"My bad. Sorry. Anyways. He might be back soon. You can come wait inside if you want."

"Thanks, I'll go wait in his room. Don't tell him I am here. He might run away.

"Ugh, yeah sure. What happened though? You guys get in a fight?"

"You could say that."

"Well I hope it works out. I have never seen him like someone so much before. He looks tough but he is really a soft squishy kind of guy inside. Don't hurt him, he isn't so strong to handle it again."

My ears perked up at Derek's last sentence right when I stepped into Sterling's room. What did he mean by all that? Did I hurt Sterling before? Or, or is he talking about someone else? I sat down on his bed forgetting about Derek's words and began to think of words that could possible stop Sterling from hating me or breaking up with me, when I hear the door.

"Hey man, you home."

"Yeah, long day. School, practice, then dinner with team. It was actually just a sneaky way for coach to lecture us on our next game. It's starting to become too much. Especially since junior year is almost done. Maybe I should quit."

"What?! You serious?"

"I don't know. I haven't thought of it before. Maybe I am just tired and blurted it out."

"Dude go sleep in your room. You look beat."

"I'm going to relax on the couch for a bit."

"NOO!"

"What??"

"I mean, you should go to your room. Change first and then you can come back."

"Since when did you start caring so much?"

"Ha! Of course I would, I am your roommate. Now go! Hurry along!"

"Alright mom. Sheesh."

Sterling opened up his bedroom door and stepped in.

"Ad"

"Hi Sterling."

"What are you doing here?"

"I um I actually was trying to reach you before but you didn't pick up your phone."

"Sorry I was out with the team."

"Derek told me. I hope you don't mind that I waited for you here."

"No that's totally fine. So that's why Derek pushed me to come to my room huh?"

"Yeah. I didn't want him to tell you that I was here. I was worried you might run away."

"Why would I run away?"

"I was worried that you still didn't want to see me."

"Why would I not want to see you Ad?"

"Because you are mad at me and hate me right? I would get if you want to break up but please don't! I can't have you breaking up with me. I know I made a stupid mistake! I should have let you talk and I-"

"Wait wait wait, Ad chill. Breathe."

I pause and took a deep breath as instructed before letting Sterling speak.

"I know Ad."

"You what?"

"Come here and sit."

Sterling crossed the room towards me. He grabbed my hand and sat us down on the bed.

"Ken actually came to me after you saw him for coffee. He told me that you misunderstood and wanted to apologize. He wanted to tell me so I wouldn't be mad at you. He told me to forgive you and that it is technically his fault for starting all this. He also apologized to me."

"What? Ken did that?" I asked in bewilderment.

"Yeah it was weird and shocking. I was about to punch him first for that night and then for the entire coffee date but I felt a little better after he told me everything. I guess he truly wanted me to make up with you otherwise he wouldn't have come. I wanted to give you your space at first because I didn't want you to hate me but then after he told me what happened, I figured you would come to me when you were ready so I didn't pressure you."

"I am still confused by the entire Ken part. I guess he isn't as terrible as I thought."

"I still don't trust him. You should stay away from him even now."

"Thank you for caring."

"Of course Ad. I'm glad you don't hate me."

"Hate you? It was my fault for this entire misunderstanding. If anything I was worried about you hating me."

"Ha, you know I could never do that. I care way to much about you."

"I really am sorry Sterling. I promise never to doubt you again. I can't believe I actually thought you would do something like that. I trust you completely."

"Good, I'm glad. I would never hurt you Adrian. Ever," Sterling softly touched my cheek with his big warm hand.

"I missed you."

"I missed you more."

We smiled at each other when we realized Derek peeking in from the door.

"I am sooo happy you guys made up. I could just cry. My baby boy is growing up," he wiped a fake tear from his cheek.

Sterling grabbed a pillow from his bed and threw it at him. "Go away!" Derek walked away laughing.

We both looked back at each and started laughing.

"So. I think you owe me now," Sterling devilishly smiled at me leaning back on his hands.

"Oh really? Do I?"

Sterling tilted his head to the side looking me up and down.

"Alright fine. I suppose I do owe you. Name it then."

"Are you positive? You won't back out?"

"I am a man of my word. I made a mistake and I will take the responsibility. Name my punishment."

Sterling got up and walked over to his dresser. I saw him fumble around in his top drawer for a second before he suddenly turned to me holding his Christmas present from me. Oh shit. Maybe I spoke to soon.