 I walked into the restaurant and looked around for my friends. I saw Walt waving at me and I headed over to their table and took a seat. My friends Walt, Chip and Byrne were already seated at the table waiting on me to arrive.

Walt is my best friend. We met the first day of high school. At that time, we were both closeted gay boys and we somehow gravitated towards each other. Walt has a mop of blond hair, which he dyes lighter than his natural color. He's always been a little outrageous in his style of dress. He's obsessed with 'Project Runway' and he's still bitter because he thinks that Carson from 'Queer Eye' stole his schtick.

Chip is very preppy. Blond hair and blue eyes. He looks and dresses like the all-American boy next door. Walt and Chip had a brief fling years ago and the three of us became good friends. Even after their relationship ended badly, we somehow managed to stay friends. Chip won't hesitate to point out Walt's diva behavior and it helps to keep Walt from being too crazy.

Byrne is your typical gym rat. He's got spiky brown hair and hazel eyes. Usually a day or two beard growth is not uncommon. He's got a great body. He hooks up with guys at the gym all of the time. Like the good friends we are, we pretend like we don't know that he's a huge slut. Byrne is Chip's best friend since they were kids and that's how he was brought into of our circle of friends.

"Sorry, I'm late, guys," I said.

"No problemo," Byrne said.

I raised my hand to the waiter and he came over and I ordered a cup of hot tea.

"I like your tie, Cliff," Walt told me with a flourish of his finger. "It really brings out the blue in your eyes."

My eyes are a grayish blue color. As for the rest of me, I'm 5'11" with a lean build, though my stomach is a little soft these days. I have short black hair, cut in a boring professional style. I wear glasses, which give me a little bit of a nerdy edge to my professional look. I'm 31 years old and I'm hopelessly single and hopelessly romantic. I have in the back of my head an ideal man, a Prince Charming who will sweep me off my feet and carry me to his castle on the back of his horse.

I looked down at my blue silk tie and ran my hand down it. "Thanks," I grinned.

The waiter brought the calamari appetizer for all of us to share and then took our dinner orders.

"Clifford. How's the house coming along?" Chip asked me as he spooned some of the marinara sauce onto his plate and pick up several calamari bites with his fork and set them on his plate. He used his fork to dip one of the calamari pieces into the sauce and then pop it into his mouth.

I sighed. "It's not. Between work and trying to finish up my master's, I can't seem to get anything done."

"I told you," Walt said. "You should never have bought a fixer-upper. What were you thinking? It's not like you can't afford to buy a decent house."

"This house has everything I wanted and it's in a great location in a fantastic neighborhood. It's just taking a bit longer than I expected."

"I don't know what possessed you to think you could do it yourself," Chip said.

"You watch too much of that 'do it yourself' crap on TV," Byrne added.

"They make it look so easy," I said.

I grabbed a piece of calamari with my fingers and dipped it in the sauce and popped it into my mouth. Chip frowned at me and I couldn't help but smile.

"Have you seen some of these construction workers?" Walt asked. "If those meat-heads can do it, you should be able to."

"It obviously takes skill," I said with a frown. "And maybe they don't have master's degrees, but that doesn't mean--"

"Yeah, whatever," Byrne interrupted. "Who cares? Besides, there's something to say about a guy who's dumb as a rock but good with his hands, if you know what I mean."

"Yeah, we know what you mean, slut," Walt joked.

I rolled my eyes. "That's so not cool, Byrne. But I do need help. I'm desperate about the master bathroom. Does anyone know a good contractor?"

"I hired this guy a few months back," Byrne said. "He did really a good job. Pretty sure he's gay, too."

"Oh yeah?" Chip perked up. "Did you do him?"

Byrne cringed and shuddered. "Hell no! Dude. He's disgusting."

"I'm not looking for a date," I said. "I want someone to fix my bathroom."

"I'll email you his info."

***

I called the contractor, Mr. Kent Barnes, on Friday morning and scheduled him to come out to the house Saturday afternoon.

I was sitting at my desk in my front office when I heard a truck rumbling in the driveway. I looked out the window and saw a huge silver pickup truck pulling in and parking in front of the garage.

I got up and walked out the front door and down the sidewalk towards the driveway. I watched him step out of the Dodge Ram 2500. He was really tall and beefy, but moved with the grace of a smaller man. I'd guess him to be about 6'5" and maybe 250 pounds. Brown hair with a closely cropped beard covering a square manly jaw. Juicy red lips. He looked a little older than me, maybe mid-thirties. He dropped a cigarette butt on the pavement and stepped on it with his giant work boot as he exhaled a cloud of smoke. He looked up and his blue eyes locked onto mine.

I gasped softly. Disgusting? No. He was freaking hot. A ruggedly handsome bear. He was wearing a blue cotton shirt buttoned down over a wife beater tank top. Tight blue jeans with a huge package and big brown work boots completed the outfit.

I was so caught up in checking him out, I guess I wasn't looking where I was going, because the next thing I knew, I tripped over my feet and fell forward onto my hands and knees. He rushed over to me and helped me to my feet. I felt his rough hands on my arm and the physical contact made my dick stiffen in my jeans, despite the fact that I was practically laying on the ground.

"You okay, buddy?" he asked.

"Yeah," I said as I blushed beet red.

Oh my god. Great first impression. I prayed that someone would kill me and put me out of my misery.

"Thanks," I mumbled as I brushed my knees off.

My right knee throbbed slightly as I straightened up. I glanced up at him and he was smirking at me, clearly trying not to laugh.

Just great.

He held out his hand to me. "I'm Kent Barnes."

God, even his voice was sexy. It was deep and rumbling and sent a shiver down my spine. I took his offered hand and shook it. "I'm Cliff Lowe. Nice to meet you. So... Um... So let me show you the bathroom."

I reluctantly pulled my hand away from him and Kent followed me into the house. I took Kent upstairs and showed him the bathroom in my master suite. I walked over to the toilet and jiggled the handle. Nothing happened.

"The toilet doesn't flush and the shower doesn't drain. I just want it to be functional for now. Down the road, I want to remodel it. Actually I have a million things I want to do as well throughout the house, so maybe I can hire you for those as well?"

I stood in the doorway while he looked inside the toilet tank and then squatted down and looked at the shower. While he did that, I checked him out. His ass sure looked good in those Levis.

He stood up and wiped his hands off on the towel. "The toilet is an easy fix. The shower is gonna take a couple of hours at least. I'm gonna head to the store to grab a couple of things and I'll be back to get started."

"Wow. I didn't think you'd be able to do it today. That's awesome. I'm getting tired of using the guest bath down the hall."

"I understand that. I'll take good care of ya, bud."

He shook my hand again and held it a little bit longer than necessary while staring into my eyes. I felt my face get hot and my forehead started to moisten.

"Thanks, Kent."

He worked out an estimate for the cost, which I readily agreed to, then headed to the store. He returned about thirty minutes later with the supplies and his tools. I left him alone to do his work and I returned to my computer in my home office to continue working. I was sitting at my desk staring at the computer screen lost in Kent-inspired fantasies when my cell phone startled me out of my trance. I picked it up and saw Byrne's smiling mug on the screen.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hey, Cliff," Byrne responded. "Did the guy show up?"

"Yeah. He's working now."

"Good. Like I said, he ain't much to look at, but he does a good job."

"He's not that bad, Byrne," I said, lowering my voice. "He's kind of hot, actually. Like really hot."

"Eww. He's fat and hairy. I'm like, 'Dude, get to a gym and get a Mangroomer'."

He laughed and I sighed and rolled my eyes. Sometimes my friends could be such snobs. If they didn't step out of an A&F catalog, then they didn't deserve to exist.

After I hung up with Byrne, I went to check on Kent. He was putting the lid back on the toilet tank when I walked in.

"Hey, Cliff. Just in time," he said.

I walked up next to him and he pressed the handle on the toilet and it flushed perfectly and then began filling with water.

"Tada!" he said with a crooked smile as he motioned towards the swirling water with his hand.

"Oh, man. That is so nice!" I said with a huge grin.

He clapped me on the back and chuckled. "It's the simple things, huh."

"Yeah."

His hand moved up to my shoulder and gently squeezed. I looked at him and smiled. He gave me a cocky half smile, half smirk. His eyes drifted down my body and then looked back up at me. I could see hunger and desire in his stare. A shiver went down my spine and I cleared my throat nervously. "I'll let you get back to work. Oh, do you need anything? A drink maybe?"

"Some water would be nice."

"Yeah. Sure. Be right back."

I went to the kitchen and grabbed a cold bottle of water from the fridge. I took a deep breath before stepping into my bathroom.

Kent was squatting in front of the open glass shower door. One of the things I liked about the house was the big glass walled shower stall. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to use it not even once.

"Here's your water," I said, offering him the bottle. "If you need more and I'm not around, help yourself to the fridge."

He stood up and took it from me. "Thanks."

He opened the bottle and guzzled about half of it down in one drink. I watched his adams apple bob as he drank. A small rivulet of water escaped and ran down his chin, getting caught in the short whiskers of his beard. His beard could use a little shaping up along the edges, but it was still very sexy. I wanted to rub my fingers over it.

He set the water down on the counter and pulled off his shirt and tossed it over the side of the garden tub. The white wife beater clung to his husky body, stretching a little bit over his slightly rounded belly. He had a big design in the shape of a scorpion tattooed on his left upper arm. He lifted his right arm and wiped his damp forehead. He had a thick nest of brown hair under his arm, glistening with sweat. The same curly brown hair spilled over the neck of his tank top.

I felt weak in the knees and my dick started to get hard again. My heart pounded in my ears and I felt like I couldn't breathe. I quickly made an excuse and left him to work.

I went back to my desk and tried to work, but it was hard to concentrate. I reached between my legs and readjusted my boner to try to get it more comfortable.

A couple of hours passed and I heard Kent calling out my name. I got up from my desk and headed upstairs to my room. I walked into the bathroom and he was standing next to the shower, leaning on the glass wall. He had a fine sheen of sweat on his forehead and his chest and arms.

"This was a bitch," he said. "But I got you up and running. They really fucked up this drain. Pardon my language."

"It's okay," I chuckled.

Kent turned on the shower and the water drained right down. I looked down at the shower floor. You couldn't even tell that he had ripped the drain apart.

"Man, you don't even know how much I appreciate this. Is the amount still the same?"

He nodded and I handed him a check for the amount we agreed upon earlier. He put the check in his wallet and scrubbed his hands in the sink.

I leaned against the vanity. "So, um, I was thinking that I'd like to replace all of the lights in the kitchen as well as the faucet. Is that something you can do?"

"Yeah, of course," he replied. "I also noticed the holes in the drywall in your bedroom. I can patch those up too."

"Man. I'm glad I called you. This place needs so much work, and I'm just in over my head. I don't know what I was thinking when I bought it. I was also thinking about tiling the bathroom and kitchen floors. Do you do that as well?"

"Sure. I can do tile or hardwoods. Whatever you want, bud. I'm your man."

Fuck. I wish he was my man! I looked at him, unable to tear my eyes away as my pants grew tighter. He stared at me like he could read my mind and stepped closer to me.

"Anything else you might need taken care of today, Cliff?" he asked. His voice was quiet and husky. His gaze was lustful and needy.

I looked up at him and stammered. "I... Uh... I..."

My heart was racing. He was so close to me. It felt like electricity was arcing between our bodies. I could smell his strong and pungent body odor. Something about his scent made me weak in the knees and I braced myself on the vanity counter. I let out a little pant.

He smirked and chuckled at me. I licked my lips nervously and his eyes darted down to my mouth. He stepped closer and bent his head down. He pressed his lips to mine and I felt the jolt race down my spine right to my groin. I melted into his arms as we kissed hard and deep. His tongue pushed its way into my mouth and I moaned and took it. It was intense, as if he was trying to devour me with his mouth and tongue. I grabbed at his back and held onto him. He kissed along my chin and sucked on my neck.

"Kent..." I moaned breathlessly, wanting more of his kisses.

His hands moved down and pulled off my Polo shirt and my undershirt. He growled at the sight of the smattering of hair on my chest. He attacked my small nipple with his mouth and it responded by stiffening into a hard nub. I grabbed at his head and whimpered in pleasure. His hands moved down to my pants and he unbuckled my belt and unzipped my jeans. They fell to the floor around my ankles and he kicked them away. His mouth moved to my other nipple, then back up to my neck.

"I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you, boy," he growled into my ear.

My dick jerked in my pants and pre-come oozed out into my briefs, causing me to moan. "Oh my god..."

Kent picked me up and dropped me on the counter. He grabbed my briefs and pulled them off and tossed them onto the floor. My hard seven inch cut cock bounced up and thumped against my stomach. He spit into his hand and rubbed it between my cheeks. I felt one of his thick, rough fingers push into me and it hit my prostate on the first push. I moaned and threw my head back as my body shuddered.

"Kent," I breathed. "Yes."

"Fuck yeah... I knew the minute I saw you that you were a little slut for bear cock."

He chuckled as I laid my head down and whimpered into his shoulder.

"Where do you keep the lube?" he asked.

I reached down and pulled open the drawer to the right of us. He grabbed the tube of KY and opened it up and squeezed a glob onto his fingers. He pushed two fingers into my ass and began finger fucking me. He soon had three fingers going in and out of me, hard and fast.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Yeah," I panted.

He stepped back and unbuckled his jeans and unzipped them. He pushed them down to his ankles. He wasn't wearing any underwear. His huge seven and half inch cock snapped up against his belly. He was rock hard and really thick, with a slight curve upwards. His veiny foreskin was pulled back, exposing a swollen purple head. He coated his cock with the KY and lined it up against my ass. With a firm shove, the head of his dick popped into my ass.

"Oh god!" I cried out as I gripped his shoulders tightly. His three fingers didn't fully prepare me to take his girth.

"Cliff," he whispered as he tapped my nose with his nose.

I opened my eyes and looked into his bright blue eyes. He was looking at me with complete lust. I could tell he wanted to shove it in, but he was holding back. My breathing slowly evened out and I started to relax.

He started to move very slowly, pushing deeper into me.

"Jesus... You're huge," I panted. "Your cock... feels so hot... inside me..."

"Aw shit, your ass is tight as hell."

He pulled back and then slowly pushed back in, repeating over and over until he was all the way inside me. Kent slid out and pushed back into me. His thick length slid across my hot spot and I shuddered and whimpered as a wave of pleasure radiated through my body.

"Oh, Kent..."

Kent started pumping in and out of me. I wrapped my legs and arms around him. I reached under his tank top and ran my hands up his back up to his shoulders. I felt the light dusting of hair there and I rubbed my hands over it, then I grabbed his shoulders and held onto him like my life depended on it.

Kent pounded my ass hard. He grunted and groaned loudly and I moaned and whimpered. It had been so long since I had been with anyone, certainly never anyone as good as he was. He was so macho and sexy and had me so turned on. Between the non-stop jabbing and sliding across my gland and the rubbing of my dick against his hairy belly, I was a goner. I pushed back against him, trying to use the friction of his thrusting body against my throbbing cock.

"Kent," I gasped.

"Fuck, Cliff, your ass is so fucking good..."

I buried my face in his neck and groaned. "I'm coming, Kent..."

I gripped him tighter, digging my fingers into his shoulders and pressing my knees into his pumping hips. My body tensed and released and with a muffled scream into his neck, I began shooting my load all over the both of us. My ass muscles contracted tightly with each spurt.

"Oh, you little motherfucker!" Kent shouted. "Squeeze my fucking cock, boy!"

Kent thrust hard into me one more time, and I held tight to him to keep myself from falling away.

"FUCK!" he shouted, so loudly I was sure the neighbors could hear us.

His body convulsed as he shot his come deep into my ass. I could feel his cock pulsing repeatedly; he must have shot at least ten times into me.

I had never been fucked like that in my entire life. I had never come so hard and so much and without any direct stimulation. I was stunned speechless. I continued to hang on to him, our chests heaving against each other, until he finally started to pull away. His cock slipped out of me with a pop and a torrent of semen rushed out of me. It pooled on the vanity and ran down my leg until I squeezed my muscles shut, trapping it inside me.

His jeans were still around his ankles and he stepped back and pulled them up. He gave me a sheepish look as he tucked his dripping wet, semi-hard prick into his jeans. He actually looked like he was blushing.

"Uh... I don't do that with clients," he said quietly as he buckled his belt. "I don't want you to get the wrong idea."

"No, it's okay," I said as I pushed off the counter. "I, um... I don't normally get carried away like that either."

My feet hit the floor and my knees buckled. He quickly grabbed my arm and helped steady me. I chuckled nervously and blushed a little bit. He looked down at his tank top. It was covered in my semen. He pulled it over his head and wiped himself down with it. He swiped it underneath each of his armpits. He ran it over the front of my shirt and around my softening dick to try to clean me up, then dropped it down on the countertop. He pulled his shirt on and buttoned it up and gathered up his tools.

"So, Cliff... Call me."

I nodded. "I will, Kent. Definitely."

I pulled on my jeans and walked him to the front door.
