 "Yes! A in the class! I don't know what I would have done if I hadn't met you."

"Just failed philosophy miserably," I chuckle at Sterling. 

"You are definitely right. Thanks to you not only did I pass but I got an A which I never could have done without you tutoring me and refusing to kiss me if I didn't get an answer right." 

"All good things come to those who study," I chuckle once again. 

"So how do you want to celebrate now that the semester is over? Half of your freshmen year is officially done." 

"I know. It's exciting but scary too. I feel like you bumped into me just yesterday and sent my heart breaking into a million pieces with your gorgeous smile." 

"Oh did I really?" Sterling smirks. 

"Oh shush," I push Sterling with my shoulder a little while we were walking towards my dorm. 

It literally takes all my strength to move this guy. Having sex is a real challenge sometimes. I can't ever dominate him and push him on the bed. No wonder he is an amazing football player. 

"Hey Adrian!"

Cody leaps on me when I enter my room.

"Hey Cod. What's up?"

Without even turning my head, I knew Sterling was behind giving me the, "get a different roommate, he just wants your dick and I won't allow that ever," look. Sure Cody has always been clingy with me whether it's because we became good friends or if he has a crush on me, but I just find him innocent. He knew Sterling and I were seeing each other so he would never do anything. Sterling didn't believe me though. He said that taken men are always more appealing to single. It's like the forbidden fruit they can't have. I would just roll my eyes and change the topic every time. 

"So how did all your exams go? I didn't do as well as I wanted. Two C's but the rest A's and B's." 

"Oh that's unfortunate, I can help you study sometime if you want." 

Cody jumps up and down with joy like a school girl. Only then does he notice Sterling. He isn't a big fan of Sterling just like Sterling doesn't like him. He said that football players are all, well players. They only have one thing on their minds. He told me to be careful otherwise he would kick some ass which always made me smile. Truth be told, he is sort of right. Since we started dating, Sterling and I never really went out. We hung out on campus getting food and watching movies while we had sex but we never went out to eat at a restaurant. I was wondering if we would ever do anything but I don't really blame him, the semester did fly by. I had to get adjusted to my new life. I studied extra hard because I wanted to start off my new journey right, and he was busy with practice and looking at colleges. Sterling had a grimace this time for sure hearing me say that I would help Cody but hey, I live with the guy. Helping him study surely can't be worse that living together. 

"So what do you have planned for the holidays Adrian?" Cody asks beginning to pack his stuff for winter break. 

Shoot. I keep forgetting about break. It's so easy to get caught up with the excitement of a new school, friends, and boyfriend, that I nearly forgot I had to pack and go home. My parents have been dying to know about everything. My mom was so happy to hear that school was going great. She even got a little emotional on the phone one time saying how she constantly worries about me and that she is proud of me. I really do miss them both. One thing is going to be difficult though; how do I tell them that I am gay? 

"Just going home Cod." 

"Are you sure you can't stay behind? I'll be here all month. You know my parents are away on business and it would be useless for me to go home. The dorm will close, but you can stay at my apartment. Brady and Derrick will be gone too so I'll be alone. It'll be nice to have company."

"Plus the two of us can have lots of fun," he whispers in my ear and then backs away casually.

"Cod can you give us a second." 

"Ugh. Sure. I have to go talk to the RA anyways." 

"So that's why you want me to stay? So you can fuck me?" 

"What?! No Ad, of course not. I mean yeah sex would be great for the one month we are together by ourselves but that's not what I meant." 

"Really I would have guessed differently." 

"What do you mean? Are you upset with me about something?" 

"Yes, I am. We haven't gone on a single date Sterling. It's been three weeks since we have started dating. I know it hasn't been a long time but it's been long enough to have sex almost every day. Why can't a restaurant fit in there somewhere?" 

"Oh shit. Ad, I am so sorry. I was just worried that we were both a little stressed with school, finals coming up, and my last game. I wanted to go too but I guess the timing didn't work out. Sorry for making you feel this way. That's why I asked how you wanted to celebrate. I didn't necessarily mean sex which I guess you assumed, but I don't blame you for assuming. I'll make it up to you. Promise. Stay here please. We can really have lots of fun and make wonderful memories." 

"Sterling my parents are waiting. They are so excited about having me home and hearing about everything." 

Sterling looks down depressed at his shoes and starts kicking his foot like a little kid, "I know you are right. I didn't mean to make you choose between your parents and me. I just know I won't see you for three months during the summer and I wanted to make up for all that time. And we just started dating, I feel like I haven't gotten enough time with you yet. There are so many things I want us to do together. I'm sorry. You should go be with your family." 

He finally looks up with a strained smile. Seeing him like that broke me and made me want to hold him. Can I really stay? Would I be doing the right thing? The next day I call up my parents and ask them if I could stay on campus for the break. They ask why of course. All I could come up with was, my friends are here and I want to hang with them and I decided to volunteer knowing that would get my mom's attention. They were disappointed but they were glad to know I was getting along with people. I promise them that I would visit them during spring break and encouraged them to look forward to those three months. I was upset about not going home and being able to see my parents but imagining the next month in Sterling's arms soon made me forget everything. 

******

"You are shitting me?!" 

I laughed sweetly, "why would I be? I would hate you if you played a joke like that on me." 

Sterling wrapped his warm loving arms around me and leaned in to kiss me. 

"Thank you so much! You have no idea how happy this makes me. I can't wait to spend this month with you." 

Cody left for his house and I moved some important items into Sterling's apartment: clothes for a month, toiletries, books, shoes, laptop, perishable food, and me of course. I'm the most important part after all. Sterling couldn't be more excited. He chewed Derrick and Brady's ears off repeating over and over again that I was coming to stay for the entire break and if they came back even a day early, there would be hell to pay. 

"Well that's everything." 

"Are you sure you didn't forget anything? They'll lock the building up for break so you won't be able to go back." 

"That's okay; I'll just use your stuff. We are both guys, I can just use all your stuff and it wouldn't be weird." 

"You have great observational powers," Sterling sarcastically smiles. 

"Hey! Just saying if I was a girl, it wouldn't have been as easy to be able to share the same stuff. I would have lavender smelling body lotion, a loofah hanging in the shower, and makeup scattered across the entire bathroom counter. Your closet would be full of skirts and dresses." 

"Hmm."

"What?"

"Imaging you in a skirt." 

"Well that's...weird." 

"No not a hideous long grandma dress but a mini school girl skirt with a pink thong underneath. Whenever you bend, you skirt lifts up so the pink lace of your thong can be seen disappearing in your ass crack." 

Holy God! I don't think I was this hard even the first time we fucked. This guy really knows how to paint a picture. My entire body goes numb and my face probably looks like I just ran a 10K, which I have never run in my life. 

"Looks like someone is turned on," Sterling raises the side of his lip and eyebrow. 

"Y-you want to see me like that," I blush even harder asking. 

"Well I was joking but now that you seriously ask me. Perhaps I might. We can wait for that. Don't worry. I want to take my time with you." 

In a quick motion he lifts me up and dangles me over his shoulder. 

"Right now, I have a different plan for us." 

******

He gently sets my feet down on the floor of the bathroom. 

"Strip," he orders. 

I obey immediately thinking staying on campus was definitely the right choice. I remove my shoes, pants, shirt, and underwear with lightening speed. 

"Good boy, now come here and strip me." 

I rush over to Sterling looking incredibly sexy in his jeans and button down shirt. I start undressing him with the same urgency I did with my clothes. 

"Slowly Adrian. Take your time. We have an entire month to do this." 

Realizing he's right, I unbutton his shirt slower. I drop to my knees and begin fidgeting with his jeans. Having him stare down high above truly made me feel as if he were a God looking at us puny Earthlings. Somehow that idea sent a shiver down my spine. How submissive am I. I finish undressing him and grab the base of his cock. Right when I am about to put it in, he backs up. 

"Turn the shower on." 

I scurry over to the shower mostly from my nerves, excitement, and the small chill beginning to set in my bones from the heat being too low. 

"Get in and wash yourself." 

"Aren't you going to come in?" 

"I will. But first I want to watch you." 

Oh God! This is intimidating. How am I supposed to wash myself? Like a regular shower or do I go sexy porn star style where I squeeze the sponge over my chest and move my hips back and forth. I would have taken the porn star approach but there was no sponge. Middle road it is. I pump some body wash in my hands and lather them up. I fix my lustful eyes on my God and rub my hands down the front of my neck slowly. I absolutely love looking at his defined body. The defined 6 pack abs, the broad muscular chest, thick sturdy neck, and the v line forming right above his perfectly shaped cock. This man is seriously dangerous. I would honestly do just about anything for him. His hungry eyes were devouring my body. I thought he was going to jump on me any second but he restrained himself. Either he was doing everything in his power to keep it going slow and all night or I wasn't being sexy enough. Either way I decided to turn it up a notch. I turned around and put my hands on my ass soaping it up. My middle finger slipped between my crack and began moving up and down. It felt heavenly. The warm water cascading down onto my back while I massaged between my ass cheeks knowing the hottest man on this planet was watching me and was turned on. I bent at the waist opening up my ass wider for Sterling to see. I found my little hole and began playing with it. My finger moving in a circle around the outside my hole then climbing back up my crack and then back down to the hole. My cock throbbed, wanting the same attention my hole was getting. I kept playing with my hole with one hand and the other reached for my cock. I was swept up in the moment and nearly forgot Sterling watching me until I felt a warm touch to my back side. Sterling was playing with my hole now with his finger rubbing around first followed by his tongue. 

"Stick it in me Sterling!" 

This time Sterling obeys my order and probes his tongue into my wet asshole. 

"Yess! GOD YES STERLING! Faster and harder!" 

He begins picking up the pace. Diving his tongue in and out of my stretching asshole. I feel a small pressure realizing his finger was in there. One then two then three. He is getting impatient I could tell. 

"Watching you was torture Adrian you know that. I was just about ready to come but I wanted to do it inside you. I'm going to fuck you so hard now for teasing me and looking so damn sexy. You dare not let any other man see you naked, do you understand me." 

"Anything Sterling. Anything for you but please just fuck me now." 

Without any notice Sterling slams into me with all his might. 

"OOOHHH MMMYY GODDDD!! STERLING!!" 

"I do hope you are screaming because it feels good," Sterling mocks me knowing that it must have been pure bliss for me. 

"It feels beyond incredible," I moan out. 

"That's it babe. Keep moaning for me." 

He reaches around me and begins pumping on my cock while tugging my nipple with his other hand. 

"You have an incredible body you know that. Small and tight, fits perfectly into me, perky nipples, flat stomach, and a beautiful cock." 

"Mmm Sterling." 

"I love fucking you so much. I could do it all night long. I want to fuck you in every single way and all over the world. I want to use all sorts of dirty things on you and tease you all the time." 

He continues to pound his cock into my opening without any sign of stopping. 

"Sterling, my legs." 

He takes his cock out and spins me around. Grabs my legs and picks me up, making me wrap them around his waist. My body gets pinned between the shower wall and Sterling's broad chest. He slips his big cock back into me and begins thrusting up. My ass feels so full. Both our balls bounce to Sterling's rhythm. I claw at his back waiting for him to burst inside me. I feel my own cock getting ready to release. 

"Come with me Sterling. I want us to do it together." 

"Fuck yes Adrian! Rub your own cock for me." 

I grab a hold of my cock and begin rubbing it. My body heats up and the pressure starts building in me. 

"I'm about to come Sterling!" 

"Let it go Adrian. I'm about to come too." 

I feel Sterling give one final thrust up with all his energy, at the same time I cry out and shoot out my cum all over both of our stomachs. 

We melt into each other from exhaustion and happiness. The water washes away my cum while Sterling slips out of me. My feet touch the ground but my legs feel too weak to be able to support my body. I cling onto Sterling knowing he always be here lifting me up. 

"I love you Sterling." 

*****

"Sterling wake up!" 

"Huh, what?! Ad are you okay?" 

Sterling rushes into the living from his bedroom where he was sleeping peacefully only two seconds ago. 

"Merry Christmas hun," I said with the biggest smile on my face. 

Sterling just stood there chuckling after a breath of relief, "Merry Christmas babe." 

"Let's hurry up and open presents!" 

"You sound like you are 10." 

"So! Christmas is a magical time, no matter what age you are. Besides I don't remember you opposing anything when I kissed you under the mistletoe last night and we ended up having sex on Brady's couch." 

"Okay okay, you win. I'm already staring at my present though so you go ahead and open yours." 

I couldn't help but get a little teary at his cheesy but beautiful line. 

"I still got you something. I think you'll really enjoy it." 

Sterling gives me a confused look but sits down next to me by the presents. He reaches out the small blue box but puts it behind him instead of giving it to me. I give him a questionable look. 

"I'll give you yours after I get mine." 

I pick up another smallish package and hold it out to him. 

"Merry Christmas Sterling," I lean in and kiss him on the cheek. 

Sterling looks completely pleased and rips up his package. Who is the kid now I think in my head. His eyes were widened at the contents of the box. 

"This. This. This." 

"You weren't all THAT naughty so Santa decided to be generous." 

He lifts up a small plaid skirt and a pink lacy thong bundled with it. He still looks completely lost and seems like he was trying to figure out what he just got. All of a sudden my body hits the carpet and Sterling is on top of me kissing my neck and opening up robe revealing my naked chest. If he had gone down any further, he would have found my exposed alert cock. 

"This is fucking amazing! How did you even do this?" 

He sits back down and continues examining the clothing. As if there is any clothing there in the first place. 

"Don't even ask, it was embarrassing. I had to take two buses then walk a mile in disguise to the adult store and inside was even more awkward. I love you but I am never doing that again." 

"What if I come with you next time." 

I get tingling in my groin again. How hot would it be seeing Sterling walk around the naughty store with a shopping cart buying dildos, cock rings, lingerie, and God knows what else to use on me. Another shiver goes down my spine. I really need to turn up the heat in this place or Sterling needs to stop saying this stuff. 

"Okay, my present!" 

"Alright but it probably isn't as special as yours." 

I carefully unpack the box hoping to preserve the gift wrapping paper. I hate how ugly it looks just being ripped apart to shreds.

"Sterling, this is a confirmation for reservations at La Belle and front row tickets for The Phantom of the Opera," I barely choke out. 

"Yeah," Sterling smiles and scratches the back of his head. 

"That restaurant is crazy expensive and front row. This must have cost a fortune! I can't let you pay for all of this." 

"Think of it as my way of making up for the past month of not taking you anywhere and for willing to stay with me this break. This has been one the best Christmas already. Please let me do this. It would make me happy." 

I knew he is dead serious. He always gets much quieter when he says something important to him. 

"Okay, if it will really make you happy but nothing like this again." 

"Not even when I propose to you?" 

I almost choke on my own saliva or air or whatever it is. He could sense the intense confusion on my face along with panic. 

"Never mind, forget I said that. Merry Christmas again Adrian. Thank you for the present. I love it. We are going to have to use it real soon or you might grow out of it." 

Oh please. That was so not funny. It already looks like it belongs on a Barbie doll. Hopefully puberty won't hit me again or that thing won't even get up my legs. 

*****

"I'm so glad I brought my suit. My mom was like you might win the smartest student of the year award and you have to look nice for that." 

"Smartest student of the year award huh, I didn't know our school had such a thing," Sterling mocks me. 

"Hey not me, my mom." 

"Well even if you don't win smartest student, you already won sexiest student who makes me come all the time." 

"You would actually win that every year because all the girls would nominate you for sure. The guys probably would too even if they aren't gay." 

Saying that made jealousy built up inside me. I really hate how everyone looks at Sterling everywhere we go. Makes me want to put a note on his chest that says property of Adrian Taylor. I guess that's what happens when your boyfriend looks like a flawless creature, can't really blame him. 

"Let me help you with that." 

"Thanks, I hardly wear a tie so I always forget how to put it on. How are you so good at it?" 

"Football banquets and team meetings. Have to dress up every time for that." 

"That's cool."

"Nah, gets annoying after a while. I always look forward to coming home and chilling in my underwear. They get really stuffy after a few hours." 

"Sorry you have to wear one tonight because of me."

"Nonsense, I love wearing it for you. We'll have to at our wedding right."

There it was again. Another reference to our future, possibly getting married. Is he just joking around or is he subliminally saying something to me. Maybe I should keep my guard up. We head out the door and got into Sterling's car. This was the first time ever. We had never gone off campus before so this was totally new. I felt extremely nervous for some reason. It was an actual date after all. My first actual date ever and my first actual date with Sterling. Fooling around with guys from my past never counted as dating. I never went out with them anywhere. We just simply hit up a couple of times and moved on. 
