 This story is a continuation from my previous two stories.



*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Ooh yeah!"

*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Yeah beat me with it!"

*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Treat me like a whore daddy!"

The sound of Daniel's big cock slapping all over my face reverberated throughout his house, I was encapsulated by every slap, pleading for more.

"More daddy, more, more, harder!"

Daniel and I met a few months ago online, my raging desires as a horny 22 year old to worship a big cock knew no limits and I was willing to put myself in dangerous situations to meet it. The risky choice to enter a stranger's house unarmed and vulnerable turned out to be my greatest decision and I reap the rewards almost every single day. No one knows about these desires I harbour and the cum I wipe off my face everyday after fulfilling it only makes it more desirable to me. 

Unfortunately my burning desires led to complications with my priorities. After getting my fill of Daniel for the night, upon attempting to leave the next morning either myself or Daniel would continue where we finished off and the next minute it was dark and priorities like work and college which seemed relevant before now just seemed so dull and uninspiring that it wasn't worth my time. Not unlike Daniel's cock, so big, so smooth, my fascination with it was bordering on possessive. I could lay between his legs and stare at it while time flew by, it was so big in my hands, felt so good sliding on my tongue, I would make out with the head like a couple of horny teenagers kiss on prom night. 

More and more fantasies would come to me, role play was sexy to me. A struggling school boy who takes advantage of his tutor, a lone backpacker kidnapped off the highway at dark to please a horny and lonely truck driver. Of course for anyone who read my previous story, inviting another eager 18 year old teenage boy to share Daniel's cock with me was a massive fantasy as well. Anytime I would get together with my 'blowjob buddy' we would make it count and for anyone out there eager to try something new, giving a double hand job with your slutty friend to an older man in the back of an SUV isn't something you want to miss, nor his incredible cumshot at the end of it!

My next fantasy came to me with the tip of Daniel's cock on my lips. It's late at night and I'm giving Daniel a sensual blowjob on his bed. He is holding the base of his cock and rubbing the head on my lips.

"Mmmm, is this my lipstick for the night?"

"Thought you might like it?"

"Yeah feed it to me."

Daniel feeds his now fully erect cock ever so slowly into my hungering mouth, I suck on it for abit until his cock drops from my mouth and I ask the question.

"Do you have any other friends with big dicks?"

Daniel points to my dick, he always needs to be serviced. I start licking his cock from the base to the tip as he replies to my question.

"Have you had enough of mine?"

"No." *Lick* "Just curious." *Lick*

There is silence for a few fleeting moments, only the slurping sounds of my wet tongue running against Daniel's big cock are heard. 

"Don't ask me how I know, but I do know someone."

"Really?" *lick*

"Yes but he isn't as sweet and soft with younger ones like me."

"Well." *Lick* "as long as he has a big dick." *Lick* "and doesn't fuck me in the ass without my consent." *Lick* "then how bad could it be?" 

"I'll set something up." That was his final reply before I worked him to orgasm over the next hour, before as usual he finished by cumming all over my face while I lapped up every drop like a starved beast.

Now normally on a Friday Daniel and I would do a scenario or a role-play, all of which would end the same sticky way. However I was to meet his supposed 'big-dicked friend', therefore my blowjob buddy would take care of Daniel's big cock tonight. I was given only a name and number, so around 6pm I sent a text.

"Is this big Randall?"

"Depends, what are you looking for?"

"Someone with a big cock to beat my slutty face with!" Pretty sure that would get his attention. 

"Well why didn't you say so earlier!" He sent a time and address to a local cinema theatre, interesting, dangerous even but I could care less.

"How bout a pic of your big cock, so I know what I'm dealing with?"

"Meet me and you will get more than a good look!"

I left my place a while later to meet Randall. As I arrived a buzz from my phone, a message from Daniel. A video attached. "Hope your night is a good as mine." it read. The video was recorded by Daniel, it showed him slapping his cock on my blowjob buddy's tongue. Goddamn he was a tease, he knows how much I love that stuff. 

I replayed that video so many damn times that I lost track of time itself. I was late, I rushed in wearing loose fitting pants, a tight shirt, long socks and slip-on shoes. I bought my ticket and walked in the cinema, didn't know what the movie was, didn't care, obviously neither did anyone else as the cinema was empty. Save for one. Sitting in the back corner. I slowly walked over and took a seat. He was a big guy, looked really built in his tank top and shorts. The best part though, he was black. Daniel to that point was the only guy I had been with, but a black cock was a fantasy in itself. Seeing white girls in porn get dominated by big black cocks was a sight to behold. Was I about to become a figure from those pornos right now?

"So Randall." He cut me off as he put his finger on my lips and shushed me. He was staring right at me, only a few inches from my face as he started rubbing his finger across my lips.

"Open your mouth!" he said as he slipped his finger in. I sucked and licked his finger the same way I planned to do to his cock. I was so horny at this point, I grabbed either sides of his hand and started licking his finger like it was a lollipop all while never taking my eyes off him. What a man he was. I couldn't resist anymore as I grabbed his cock and started jerking it in his pants as I sucked his finger. Enough teasing for him, Randall stood up and dropped his shorts in record time. 

"Big Randall..." I breathed as I stared up at him, his massive, bulging black cock hanging inches over my head. Someone may have walked in by this point, but nothing could be less of a bother to me at this point. He held his cock on my cheek.

"It's so big!"

"Never had black cock before?"

"I wish, slap that thing on my face."

"Oh you like getting cock slapped huh? Nasty boy. Yeah Daniel told me all about you and your needs."

As big Randall was talking he rubbed his cock on my face from side to side, I worshipped him.

"Take a photo with my phone, I want to send it to Daniel." I sent the photo with the caption, "I think my night is better!"

I was enjoying having that cock sliding all over my face when without warning Randall shoved that big cock all the way down my throat, it barely fit, thank goodness for all that practice with Daniel's big cock. I think Randall's may have been slightly bigger. I looked up at him, my eyes wide in shock, my mouth stretched to fit his cock. He held it there until pulling it out and rubbing it on my face again. This continued back and forth, I was under his complete control.

"Keep your hands behind your back!" He would say anytime I would try and grab that big cock. I pleaded with him every time he popped his cock out of my mouth.

"Please slap it on my face Randall, please!"

"Come on slap it all over me!"

"Bet you want to slap that big cock on my pretty little face huh?"

He resisted for awhile until finally giving it to me. It was soft at first, he slapped it lightly on my cheeks until I begged him "Beat me with your big cock Randall!" 

With violent force he grabbed me and dragged me towards him as he lay on his back along the cinema seats, placing me on my knees in between his legs. This was the position I wanted. He grabbed a handful of my hair with one hand and started beating me with his cock with the other.

*slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Oh fuck yeah beat me with it!"

When I say beat I mean really beat.

*slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Ooh, yeah, fuck"

"Like that black cock huh?"

"Uhuh!"

I gripped his thighs with my hands to hang on as he bruised my face with that big cock. 

*slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* 

My tongue was getting plastered. This was the hottest thing I've ever done. I was a slave to Randall and would worship his cock till he was done with me. 

Randall slapped his cock on my face for a good few minutes, I didn't want him to stop at all.

*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"You like that big black cock?"

*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Uhuh!"

*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Like getting your face beat huh?"

*slap* *slap* *slap* 

"Don't stop, please don't stop!"

Randall pulled out my phone and started recording as he continued beating me with his cock. This was a video I could definitely jerk to over and over again.

To my surprise, Randall screamed "I'm gonna cum get ready!" He stopped slapping it on my face and started jerking it into my mouth. 

"Look at me slut!" He yelled out. He jerked faster and faster as I sucked the tip of his cock. With his hand still holding my hair he forced his cock all the way down my mouth just as he unleashed a wave of cum down my throat. 

"Aaaaaah, fuuuuck yeeeeeeeaaaah!" My mouth was engorged with his cum and I attempted to swallow as much as I could before more came out. We locked eyes the entire cumshot, I took every drop and Randall dropped back exhausted. I lay down flat on my belly and teased his cock, lots of little licks and kisses to show my appreciation. He looked at me shocked, as if he didn't think it possible for someone to worship his cock the way I was doing it. I smiled in response as he held his cock in the air for me to kiss.

"Can I do this again?" I so obviously asked.

"You damn right we gonna do this again slut!" 

I sucked Randall off again before the movie ended, he was still packing a lot of cum the second time around. We parted ways for the night and as I drove home I wondered, could I take both Daniel and Randall?