 Previously: "I've thought you might have a thing for me for a while," said Michael with a cocky smile again on his face. "I've never admitted this to anyone but my sister, but I'm actually bi... Normally I prefer women, but finding you all tied up like this, naked and getting off to that porn, well... How about we have some fun?" he asked with a wink while using his free hand to set his dick bouncing up and down a little in the air. I moaned lustfully from behind his hand and nodded eagerly. How on Earth could this be happening?

*****

Feeling the delicious helplessness of my bondage, I opened my mouth and let Michael shove his boxer briefs in as a gag. It muffled my immediate groan as I stirred at his touch on my chest. I detected the faint taste of precum. I could smell his scent as well, although it was faint, so he must have changed into this pair of underwear just before leaving for the party.

"Just so you don't alert the rest of the building... But you're looking kind of pleased with yourself there Noah," chuckled Michael. He pinched one of my nipples gently and rolled it back and forth. "I've thought you were kind of cute since we met, but I never pegged you as being such a kinky bundle of energy. I have to say it makes you a lot more interesting... And you're even cuter naked and tied to your bed."

He leaned down and bit my nipple. Not hard, but enough to make me groan and writhe a bit again.

"Even your reactions are hot," he snickered. 

He gave me a cheeky look while he took another nibble, when then devolved into him sucking and nibbling at both while I enjoyed the feeling. I'm not sure how long he entertained himself like that. I had my eyes closed for most of it, just enjoying the feeling of another man touching me in an erotic manner. That alone was enough to overwhelm me. It wasn't until the nipple abuse stopped that I opened my eyes again.

Michael had moved down the bed and in between my legs. He wagged his eyebrows at me a few times and adjusted the vibrator a bit inside of me. My body stiffened.

"Are you a bottom?" he asked. "Err, I mean, I know you haven't had a boyfriend before but I'm kind of getting that impression from this."

I tried to respond but then just nodded.

"That's hot. That's good too, because I don't think I would want to get fucked by a guy. At least not regularly."

At least not regularly... Was this going to be more than a one-time hookup kind of deal? My dick drooled in excitement at the thought. 

The thought was interrupted by Michael pulling the vibrating toy out of my ass and then slowly pushing it back in. I whimpered quietly and bucked against the toy. Michael smiled and started doing it over and over again, steadily fucking me with my toy.

"What a greedy little hole," he mused. "You know I've never gotten to play with a woman's ass before. New and interesting territory here. Ever cum like this?"

I shook my head.

"Well I'm still going to try anyway. I've heard that some gay people can pull that off. A challenge is always nice."

He returned his eyes to my hole where the smooth, hard assault was continuing. It felt way better when someone else was controlling the toy. Fucking myself always required some uncomfortable positions and movements of my hands and wrists.

"So, do you fuck yourself with this often? You seem to be taking it pretty well."

I wasn't sure how to answer that well with his underwear stuffing my lips wide open, so I gave as much of a shrug as I could with my wrists still bound above my head.

"Cool. I know this is a little awkward, but I'm not judging you for what you like to do. I watch a lot of crazy porn too, you know. So, you don't need to blush. Although small guys who are shy are definitely my type."

I'm pretty sure I blushed even more. My embarrassment was interrupted as the toy hit my special spots just right. I felt a warm feeling surge through my dick and a few drops of precum dribbled out. Michael must have noticed my reaction and the change in my expression, because his face changed too. This was the face of my roommate when he was down 1 stock to 3 stock in Smash while still being convinced he was going to find a way to win anyway.

"Oh, you liked that, huh? What if I do that more?"

Even with the underwear, my moans were shamefully loud as he began angling the vibrator upwards more with each push, forcing it to brush over my prostate. My fingers and toes began to wiggle and strain without me controlling them. I was trying to pull my hips away from the toy because it felt almost too good. It was a torturous pleasure like being tickled where it was just too much even though it didn't hurt. Thanks to my self-bondage, I was totally helpless to escape, which only ramped up my arousal.

"Haha, yeah you do. I feel like I'm learning the secrets of your body pretty quickly Noah. Pardon my inexperience with the male architecture. I only know my way around clits and pussy."

I snorted through my nose.

"Hey now, don't disrespect the master of women," said Michael in his typical mock-arrogant tone of voice. "By the way, are you imagining me fucking you right now?"

Was it that obvious? I actually felt myself grow flushed this time, but I nodded without meeting his eyes.

"Sweet. Do you often imagine me fucking you when you use this toy?"

I gave my partial shrug again. It was complicated. Sometimes I just imagined what his dick would look like and how it would be to suck it. Or him blowing me. Or me kissing his thighs and abs and chest...

I collected my thoughts again and looked down at Michael. When he saw me looking, he winked. Was he getting tired of plowing my hole with that toy yet? It didn't seem like it. Maybe the dumbbells trained him for this kind of motion. I saw that his dick was still hard and bouncing in between his legs. He wasn't touching himself though; his free hand was just above my right knee, gently holding on to it. It was a sexy cock, one that definitely lived up to my fantasizing. Mine was about 6 inches (yeah I measured my dick but haven't you?) and I was pretty sure his was just about the same. His did seem a bit thicker than mine though. How would it feel in my ass?

"Mmmfffhh!" I grunted suddenly as the toy rubbed my prostate again. My hips shot up off the bed and then I relaxed again. It felt like I had been about to cum for a moment. Michael gave me a few moments and then renewed his onslaught.

"Gonna cum for me Noah? Gonna be a good boy?" he asked in a seductive voice. My whole body was trembling uncontrollably. My moans sounded girlish and I was glad they were mostly muffled. I managed to nod. 

"That's it. Cum all over my big fat cock Noah," he murmured, clearly trying to rile me up. 

Well, it was working. My dick was constantly pulsing and I felt like I had to pee really badly. I was sure I was going to pee over myself any second, but then my dick was spewing cum instead. With my hips thrusting into the air wildly, my cum was going everywhere. I even felt a drop splash just below my collar bone. 

Michael kept fucking me with the toy, but much more gently now as if trying to calmly milk out every last drop. He continued even as my hips settled back onto the bed. Once cum stopped dribbling out of my dick, he turned off the toy and then carefully pulled it out of me.

"Jesus Noah. I'll just run this under some hot water for a minute and then come back..."

He looked incredibly pleased with himself as he left the room. I tried to catch my breath while my hot cum cooled over my stomach and chest. The squeaky sound of the faucet came from the bathroom and Michael came back. He looked around as if unsure and then gingerly left the toy on my desk. Then he walked to the bed and freed my left foot and then my right foot.

I had my eyes closed at this point. I suddenly felt quite lethargic and relaxed. Michael freed my wrists, and I rubbed them gingerly while he carefully extricated his underneath from my mouth.

"Eww, you drooled all over them!" he said, flinging them away across the floor.

"Don't put things in my mouth that you don't want me to drool over," I murmured with a big smile on my face. "Speaking of... Do you want me to get you off? I could... Suck your dick..." I said trying to sound casual and not too thirsty.

"Nah that's okay. It's hard for me to cum when I drink a decent amount, and I think you're about to fall asleep anyway."

"Aww... Okay... Are you going to bed?" I asked. My mind was still reeling to try to catch up to reality. This conversation felt too normal after my roommate just found me tied to the bed and fucked me raw with my dildo.

"Hmm... Not exactly."

"Hm?"

Michael didn't answer but walked to the door and turned off the light. I didn't know what was going on until I felt his weight on the bed,

"Michael?" I asked quietly. I felt him push me onto my right side and slide in behind me. One of his arms snaked around my chest. He was so warm and I felt like I was going to pass out from feeling so comfortable.

"It's no big deal Noah," he said, sounding sleepy. "Let's sleep and in the morning we can talk about things."

"Okay..."

Michael adjusted himself a couple times and then I felt his warm breath on the back of my neck every few seconds. I had never been held by someone who wasn't my mom, and it was just as nice as I had always thought it would be. Even with just his arm around me, I could feel his heat, his strength, and I could smell his scent. I closed my eyes and must have fallen asleep within minutes.