 So lets start from the beginning: I've been married for 12 years. Don't get me wrong: i love Bridget. We have our ups and downs, like every couple. But I do love her. However, sex life isn't what it used to be. And for about a year now, I have been having these recurring cravings to be with men. I don't know where this comes from, or if it will go away. But it's there.

So to deal with these strong desires, I started watching gay porn. Most videos would involve a guy being fucked hard by a strong top. Others would feature guys being transformed into perfect sissies or sluts. All of those had one thing in common: a guy being used, and fucked in both holes.

As you may have guessed... that wasn't enough. So I started putting out random ads, looking to hear from guys. My ads would be very general: "Married, but craving cocks real bad. Let me know if you can help me with that."

I would exchange emails with some guys, sometimes chat, but would not go further. I was scared to make the move. Scared to leave her. And scared of what would come next. Until I received this email from Todd (not his real name).

"Hi Alex. I know how you feel. I've been there. I want you to know that you're not alone. I have many kinks, my friend. I'm a dominant top, but I'm also a good guy and could be a great mentor. Let me know if you want to talk about it." - Todd

So here I am... Reading that message over and over. Not knowing what to do. So I didn't respond right away. That night, after 2 glasses of wine, I changed my mind. 

"Hi Todd. Thanks so much for your message. You seem super nice. ;) I'd love to meet."

I had written replies like that in the past, but had never went through. He replied right away.

"Find an excuse. Get of the house now. I mean it. Meet me at this address. Don't disappoint me."

I'm trembling... I don't know what to do. I'm already super hard and wet with pre. But I want to go. I drink a third glass of wine, and it's now clearer to me. I need to go through with this once and for all. 

So I tell my wife that I'm going for a walk (which is true) and that I'm probably going to stop by the coffee shop around the corner to do a bit of reading. And I leave the house. His place is about a 10 minute walk from mine. My mind is racing. I turn around. But then take another street and head back into the right direction. I walk in front of his condo and see a light on in the living room. As I'm about to change my mind and start running away, I see the door open. "Come in buddy, it's cold out there!" So up the stairs I go.

I get in and he greets me with a firm handshake, followed by a friendly hug. He offers me to sit down in the living room, and starts preparing drinks. As he comes back, I see that he has two drinks: what looks like a damn good Scotch, and what I guess is a strawberry daiquiri. He hands me the daiquiri.

"Here you go babe. I hope you like this one." I smile and nod. "Listen baby", he says. "I know why you're here. You're here because deep inside, you're a pathetic little faggot slut. You're here because you dream day and night about cocks. You're here because tonight, you hope that I will use both your holes, and cum all over you. You're here to start your transformation."

I almost choke on my girly drink. How can he know so much about me. How can he guess how I'm feeling, and know that all of those words are triggering a huge erection in my jeans. It's almost as if he was in my head.

"Baby... you're mine now. I'm serious. Later tonight, I will have to text your wife to tell her that you are not coming home because you have an 8 inch cock in your pussy. There's no turning back from this. At this point, you need someone to make those decisions for you. You are not strong enough to make those decisions. You crave the control. You want a strong man to make those calls. And I'm that guy. Call me Daddy from now on."

At this point, I'm bright red. My body is shaking. I realize that I already drank the whole drink. My mind is racing. I'm super confused and I'm thinking about the aftermath of this. His strong voice brings me back to reality.

"Come here bitch", he says. I move close to him as he points to the floor. "On your knees."

"This will be your new life. Get closer. Look up at me." As I tilt my head to look up, he spits in my mouth (or my face really). "Swallow, baby."

"This is the first step to marking my territory, love. You will experience the next ones soon."

He then unbuckles his belt and unbuttons his jeans. He takes out the most beautiful cock I've ever seen.

"You will need to beg for it baby. I want you to be my slut. Soon, I will let others use you too. But you need to learn to beg for what you really crave sweetie. Say it."

"Hmm well... I really want that cock Daddy. Please let me have your cock in my mouth."

"Good boi! I'm so proud of you." He then pushes my face on his 8 inch cock, his hands pressed on the back of my head. At first, he's the one taking the lead. He's making the proper motion. But then i start to get used to it and make the motion by myself. At this point, I'm so fucking hard. My pants are wet with pre. I'm feeling at my place, like a good little slut. I look up at him and he smiles. I really feel like he's proud of me. And then he pushes my face and all of his cock is in my mouth. I gag hard. He lets me breath a bit, but does it again, and again. I feel his body tense up. I know he's going to cum. And he does, directly in my mouth. I feel a huge load penetrate my mouth and I try to swallow as much as I can. But some of it drops on his legs a little bit on the floor. 

"Hmmm you did good, baby. I don't want you to waste any of my precious cum. Eat what's on my leg and what fell on the floor baby. From now on, you will always do that. You will make sure that no cum is wasted, and that means yours as well."

So without any hesitation, I lick the cum and swallow it, feeling like the best slut in town. 

"Give me your phone", he says. I do as I'm told. 

"What's your code?" 

"5567"

"Good boi. Clean my cock baby." 

As I take it back in my mouth, I hear him take a few photos. This makes me nervous but I keep sucking him good.

"Done. Bridget has received a message from you baby. I'm sure she'll be happy to see the new you."

Oh my god... he really did this, I think to myself. I have to admit that at this point, I felt bad, really bad. I didn't want to hurt her feelings, but on the other hand, I knew I needed this. I needed someone strong to make that call for me.

"You're sleeping here tonight baby. And I have a special gift for you." He heads to the other room and comes back with a little pink leather collar, with the word slut on one side and cockwhore on the other. He attaches it around my neck.

"We're getting there baby. I'm so proud of you. Soon, we will be able to bring you in public, so that other men can enjoy you, sweetie. For now, for tonight, you're mine, and mine only. Say thank you Daddy." 

"Thank you Daddy, I say with a trembling voice." He takes my hand and leads me to his room.