 Author's Note: The events of this story are fictitious and are not based on any specific real people. I've tried to do something a little different for once and build up the characters and story more than usual. So this chapter is a bit of a slow burn to start.

*****

My name is Noah. I've lived in Virginia my whole life. Not that my whole life is that long. I only just turned 19 last August, just before the start of my first semester at a local university. Well, I say local, but it's a good half hour drive on a low-traffic day. My parents and I decided that it would be best if I got a dorm on campus. 

I'm a total mommy's boy, so it was hard adjusting to the loneliness at first. I had one roommate, naturally, but he turned out to a be bit of a weirdo. Although the major issue was that he was a dickish weirdo. Luckily, he up and disappeared after the fall semester. I don't know if he is still going to this university or if he transferred or dropped out. We never got close enough to get to the point of keeping any tabs on each other.

I had a small hope at the start of this spring semester that I'd have the whole place to myself. But then another guy got put with me. His name's Michael and he's a black dude who is two years older than me.

I don't want you to think I'm a racist for pointing out he's black. It wasn't really something I expected though. For context, I'm a shrimpy little white boy who went to a high school with probably a max of 50 kids who weren't also white. I stopped growing at 5'7'', I currently weigh about 130 pounds, and I'm basically the textbook definition of a baby-faced twink. I was more afraid of doing something to offend Michael than afraid of him doing something to me like beating me up or stealing my stuff since I've barely ever talked to a black person before.

My parents nearly had a panic attack when I let it slip in casual conversation. My dad didn't say anything, but I usually get the feeling he's got some secret prejudices even though he doesn't usually say anything outwardly to people. My mom was scared until I managed to convince her that Michael hadn't tried to get me to do drugs with him. It was hard to keep a straight face while thinking about the fact that I had already tried marijuana a few times back in high school. The talk was a lot easier than when I came out as gay back in senior year. When that happened, my dad just nodded and scratched his beard thoughtfully without saying anything, but my mom fainted over the couch.

Anyway, enough about my loveable yet somewhat ignorant parents. The more important point is that Michael turned out to be a lot cooler than my first roommate, although it wasn't exactly a high bar for him to pass honestly. He likes to tease me and make fun of me a lot but it's always in the way that you can tell he just likes giving people shit in a playful way instead of trying to tear people down. I guess he took a couple years off after high school to support his family by working. Now he's at university to study electrical engineering or some such thing while still working. I wish I could work a job during the semester too but I'm a lazy couch potato.

Anyway, we're opposites of each other in several ways. I want to go to medical school, he wants to be an electrician or engineer or something. He's pretty tall at 5'11'' compared to me at least. We're both pretty fit, although in different ways. I used to do soccer back in grade school but now I mostly just run and swim casually. I don't think he's played any sports but he really likes to go to the gym and lift weights. He even has a bunch of dumbbells in his room. As a result, his arms and chest look pretty defined whereas I'm mostly just lean. We're both big video game players and we've been bonding a lot over a bunch of console games, most recently the new Smash Bros where we're both evenly matched.

He's a big party guy, and I'm more of a shy guy who just likes to hang out with a few friends. Michael invited me to a handful of parties after the first few weeks of getting to know each other, but I kept turning him down. Now I'm too anxious to ask to go with him again. He always tells me the stories of hilarious events that seem to go down at every party he goes too. He's a really great storyteller and he his comedic timing and impressions are spot-on. I always love listening to Michael talk about what he's been up to or about the stuff he's learning about, since he always seems really excited and I like seeing him smile. And I love it when he walks around the dorm now and then with his shirt off...

Wow. Listen to me I'm like a middle school girl. Yeah it might be pretty obvious by this point, but my roommate is really fucking hot and I might have something of a crush on him. The only problem is the last and most important opposite quality of us both: I'm gay but he's straight...

---------------------------

Yep. Why are all the hot guys always straight? Or at least all my crushes have always turned out to be straight in the past. At least with Michael it came out early on before I had even started thinking about him like that. I figure it's smart to let your roommates know you're gay or bi or trans or whatever really quick so you can find out if they have a problem with it so you can try to find a different roommate. Roommate #1 never said anything homophobic to my face but I could tell it bothered him. Michael didn't even blink when I asked if it would be a problem. He just said, "Nah man that's pretty chill" and then asked me if I had a boyfriend and then talked a bit about his girlfriend.

I met her once and she seemed alright. They broke up pretty soon into the semester and Michael didn't really seem too miserable about it. Just bummed for a few weeks. At the moment, I'm pretty sure he's still single but he comes back late at night and tells me about girls he's been talking to or hooking up with. I don't know if he's a total player or if he's stretching the truth sometimes. He's certainly attractive enough for his success rate to be true.

I've never had a boyfriend, although I did kiss a guy once in high school. Of course, I only realized I was gay around the time of my junior year, so I haven't had a lot of time to find a guy to date. Michael's always asking me every couple of weeks if I started dating any hot guys and then when I tell him no he says something encouraging like "Ah man. You gotta catch those studs Noah." The truth is I haven't even really tried to find anyone so far at the university. I don't really mind being single that much, and I have enough friends nearby to keep myself socially occupied.

Wow. You probably think I'm the kind of person who never shuts up, but face to face I'm really not this annoying and long-winded. Anyway, enough of my backstory. I'm not a superhero origin movie, so let's skip ahead to the part you really care about, towards the end of my first spring semester...

---------------------------------

It was a Friday, my longest day with the most classes. I finished my last one around 2:45 and arrived back at our dorm for the last time that day. Michael was already there when I got home and eating some tacos. He gave me a little signal with his fingers that probably meant "sup" while he continued to chow down. I mimed stealing one of his tacos and then went to put my backpack away and grabbed some clothes before hopping in the shower.

Once clean, I did some obnoxious online homework for a while and then went to the common space where Michael was playing and then we played Smash Bros for a couple hours. Michael told me he was going to a party a mile or two away that night. He said he was probably going to get drunk and most likely wouldn't be back until after midnight, but he'd try to be quiet when he got home. I just nodded and said "alright" like I usually do.

Michael's party nights have become my porn and masturbation nights. Well, I'm skilled at staying quiet while just jerking off in my bedroom, but I do enjoy the chance to be a bit louder and to use some of my toys. Hopefully it doesn't sound pathetic, but I've come to enjoy the routine. Half the fun is trying to find some porn or erotic stories that aren't garbage so I can get off more easily.

Once Michael left, I ate dinner and then waited another half an hour to make sure there weren't any sudden party cancellations or anything. Then I skipped to my room like an excited gay llama and turned on my monitor. I found a couple hot stories that claimed to be real... Although I suspect the one about the 12-inch dick might have been fiction. They were enough to get my dick ready and alert in my shorts.

After I got bored of those, I went to Pornhub and watched a handful of videos before finding a few good ones. During my special nights, I like to tease my dick through my shorts for a while to build the anticipation and to get myself nice and horny. Sometimes I like to edge for a few hours by gently jerking off and then stopping for a bit.

I'm also happy to admit that I'm into some naughty kinks as well. Nothing that I would admit to my friends let alone my family, but it's no big deal letting the internet know, right? Anyway, some people might find them tame, but my biggest turn-on is bondage. Not that dominatrix battle-axe brutal kind of bdsm porn, but the more gentle and softcore stuff really gets me going. Even though I've never had sex, I'm pretty sure I generally just like the idea of submitting to another man. At least that's what always gets me off.

Even though Michael's straight, that doesn't mean I can't jerk my dick from time to time while imagining the rest of his body. I try not to do it too often because it feels a little uncomfortable to jerk off over a straight guy that I consider a reasonably close friend as well, but sometimes horny little gay boys can't help themselves, am I right?

And so, I finally settled on a long video of a hot black guy who reminded me a little of Michael having his way with a soft-looking white guy. Perfect. I've realized there's something weirdly hot about two guys with different skin colors having sex after crushing on Michael. There's something intensely erotic about the stark contrast in tone when bodies are touching. 

Anyway, it had already been over an hour of reading and watching videos, so I finally got naked and hopped on the bed. I grabbed my lube and toys from underneath the bed before getting on my back so I could see the screen. I slowly lubed up my hole and then the toy. It was a vibrating dildo that was about 7 inches long with a flared base so I wouldn't risk losing it. Not too terribly thick but enough to feel nice and full.

I blushed a little to myself as I drizzled the cold lube of the toy and stroked it a bit to get an even coating. Even just touching a toy that looked like a dick was keeping my dick throbbing like hot iron without me touching it.

Finally, I spread my legs a little and closed my eyes while touching the tip to my hole. It had been maybe a week since the last time I broke out a toy so I went carefully. With all the lube and my efforts to let the tension flow from my body it slotted inside without much trouble. My dick flexed uncontrollably as I steadily pushed the rest of the toy inside. Once I got it to bottom out a minute later, my cock leaked some precum onto my belly. I fucked myself with the toy a few times and then left it buried inside.

Really horny now, I quickly grabbed some fuzzy cuffs and wrapped them around my ankles and then attached the other ends to the bottom of the bed which forced my legs wide. All the while, the motions were pushing the toy deeper into my ass and against all my lovely pleasurable internal spots.

Breathing heavily, I laid back down and then attached another set of cuffs to the top of the bed. I turned on the vibrator, losing myself in the moaning and pleasure for a moment, and then carefully slid my wrists together through the cuff. It was a tight fit getting both into one, but it made things a bit easier. I knew I could get myself out of them without too much trouble, it usually only took a minute or two to slither free.

Feeling nice and bound, I focused back on the video where the cute guy was sucking the black guy's dick on his knees. My dick splashed some more precum onto my stomach and I moaned quietly like a needy whore. Soon, the scene shifted to the black guy fucking the soft guy doggy style on a bed. They were going at it like they were actually enjoying it. I loved the close up from the front of the bottom's face. Even though I was a virgin, I was pretty sure I was definitely more of a bottom than a top, just like I knew I wanted to be submissive.

I lost myself a bit in the moment, wondering if I would be able to cum from just the vibrator for once. Being tied up like this made me feel so turned on and hot. I closed my eyes and moaned softly while I pictured myself in the bottom's place. It was a lovely little masturbatory fantasy up until my reverie was shattered.

"Noah? Oh fuck!"

My eyes sprang open and I looked fearfully towards the door where Michael was standing. His mouth was open a little although I couldn't read his expression after the shock faded.

"What are you doing back already! You said you'd be gone until midnight!" I whined in panic as my dick continued to throb.

"Errr... This girl named Danielle drank a ridiculous amount and got into a fight. Shit was getting kind of crazy and it wasn't that fun so I decided to leave... Errr... Is there someone else in our dorm by the way?"

I felt myself turning red and I wished I could die. I began tugging at the cuff binding my hands above my head.

"N-no I'm by myself! I'm really sorry I'll get myself free."

"Oh, you did this to yourself?" he asked in confusion. "How come?"

"Uhhh..." I said stupidly, trying to think of an explanation.

Michael stepped into the room and saw my computer screen. His face turned to shock again and then a bit of a smirk. Then he seemed to notice the vibrator still buzzing between my legs.

"Hmmm... I didn't realize you were such a naughty little pervert Noah," he said. I looked away from the screen, where the two were still fucking aggressively in doggy style and focused on getting my hands free.

"Please just go and let me curl up and die," I groaned. How would I ever live this down? Michael didn't move though.

"So, is this what you normally get up to when I go to parties? Getting off while imagining tough black guys fucking you?" he asked playfully.

"No! I mean, not every time! And I don't think about that many black guys!" I protested.

"Oh? Which ones do you think about then?" he asked. I looked up nervously. He was eyeing me with a very penetrative stare, but he still had a small smile.

"Umm... There's n-no one..." I said lamely. "I'm really sorry about this, I won't go quite this far anymore do you want to help me get my wrists free really fast so we can forget about this?"

"Oh... Sure..." he said, still with the weird smile on his face. Did he see right through me?

"Um... Thanks Michael..." I said nervously. My heart was beating crazy fast as he walked over and reached over me. I had almost gotten my wrists free already but I stopped squirming once he touched the cuff with his hands. "Just loosen the strap and it will come apart," I explained. "Michael?" I asked in panic.

He had loosened it a little bit, but then the cuff got even tighter. I looked up at Michael, but he was looking at the cuff. I saw him give the strap another tug and it went even tighter.

"Michael you're doing it wrong!" I whined.

"No, I'm not. I'm just making sure this cute little gay boy can't get away," he said. I smelled a bit of beer on his warm breath. The fuck did he just say? The vibrator was still going and my dick twitched.

"M-Michael?" I asked in confusion.

"Let's make a deal," said Michael with a strange look on his face again. "If you weren't getting off thinking about me, then say so and I'll free your wrists. But if you were getting off thinking about me, then tell me that instead and your wrists will stay tied."

What did he want with me? I decided honesty was the best policy in case he was mad at me. I closed my eyes and grit my teeth.

"O-okay I was thinking about you I'm sorry you're just really sex-" I was cut off off by his hand clamping over my mouth. I opened my eyes, wondering if he was pissed off, and my eyes went as wide as donuts as I saw that his pants were down and his dick was as hard as mine and bouncing no more than two feet away from my face.

"I've thought you might have a thing for me for a while," said Michael with a cocky smile again on his face. "I've never admitted this to anyone but my sister, but I'm actually bi... Normally I prefer women, but finding you all tied up like this, naked and getting off to that porn, well... How about we have some fun?" he asked with a wink while using his free hand to set his dick bouncing up and down a little in the air. I moaned lustfully from behind his hand and nodded eagerly. How on Earth could this be happening?