 Up to now, this was a night to remember. I was, for the first time in my life, controlled and used by a man. I had just sucked my first cock. I had just eaten my first load. I was now wearing a slut collar. Needless to say, I was wet and eager to continue. 

On the other hand, I also knew that my wife would leave me. The photos and text that she just received would definitely mean the end of our relationship.

I willingly followed Todd to his room. I was nervous because I knew what was in store for me.

"Strip naked boi", he said. "Hmm we will have to work on certain aspects of that body. I want you to be smooth all over. I will also have your nipples pierced. And I'm thinking of a nice tattoo for this little slut. Men need to know that you are my property. So many things coming up for you baby. "

He then went to his drawer and started taking some clothes out. Everything was pink: silky panties, stockings, a tight top. I was speechless. All of my fantasies seemed to be becoming reality.

"Dress up baby. Daddy is going to take a shower. You need to prepare for this. I will be fucking you hard tonight. No mercy baby. There's no turning back my love."

As soon as he left the room, I went to the night table where he had put my phone. I had 4 missed calls and 2 text messages. She wasn't sad. She was pissed, and she was breaking up with me, saying that I could expect a call from her lawyer soon. With tears in my eyes, I started dressing up. I had such mixed emotions. My cock was rock hard. I looked in the mirror. I looked very good. I was kind of surprised that the clothes he had picked for me fit me so well! I started looking around in the room, and found a few pairs of shoes and boots, including a very sexy pair of heels. I thought to myself : why not! So I put them on. They were a bit large, but I still looked super slutty!

"Hmm baby I see you found your shoes! " He only had a towel around his waist. He walked towards me, turned me around, and wrapped his arms around me. I could feel his bulge against my butt. He was hard, very hard. He started kissing my neck, my face, my ears. He whispered : "You are my property baby. This is permanent. There's no turning back sweetie. You will be mine forever. Soon, I will share you with friends, but tonight, I am the one breaking you in. I will pop your cherry, breed you, and make you mine forever."

He then pushed me on the bed. I was laying on my stomach, my face against the pillow. "Raise your ass baby." I then heard him take something from the drawer and pour it on my ass. He was lubing me good, which was positive I guess, for a first fuck.

"Are you ready, you fucking whore? Look at you. What a slut. You hardly know me and you're already taking me in your pussy." That's when I felt it... for the fist time I had a cock in my ass. I felt some pain, I had tears in my eyes as he was fucking me harder and deeper, but I couldn't help but moan. I moaned like a little bitch. And he fucked me harder and harder, all while pushing my face deep in the pillow. I felt him take his cock out and he violently turned me on my back. He pulled me to edge of the bed, and then proceeded to lift my legs in the air.

He pushed his cock deep in my hole, thrusting hard. He was looking deeply in my eyes, and I could feel his control and his superiority. I knew I was really becoming a slut. His slut. And that's when I felt him tense up. I knew he was going to cum hard. And he did! He came so fucking hard! That's when I experienced something I did not expect. I came. Without touching my cock. I was moaning like a little bitch.

"Ohhhhhh baby! You are a good little whore. And look, you made a little mess sweetie." He brought my own cum to my lips, and pushed his fingers in my mouth, He smeared some of it on my lips and cheeks.

"Such a cum hungry whore. I'm keeping you, sweetie. Go take a shower and come back in bed."

I got up and went to the bathroom. I was full of cum. Everywhere. Like a true slut. I took the sexy clothes off, and jumped in the shower. When I came out, he was in bed. He had laid out a nice pink nightdress for me. Without anything being said, I put it on.

I jumped in bed, beside him. We talked for a good half hour about how my life would change forever. And then we both fell asleep.

"Wake up slut." The tip of his cock was pressed against my lips. I was confused, a bit lost. I had a headache. It took me a few seconds to realize that it was morning. And he was ready for his first blow job of the day.

"Open your mouth baby. You need to understand that your days will start with a cock in you. As my slut, you have no say. You can be used when I want, how I want, by who I want." He then proceeded to push his cock deep in my mouth, making me gag.

"That's right, gag you fucking whore. You cumhungry slut! " He slapped my face as he continued fucking my throat.

"This is your new life sweetie. In a day, you should have cocks in you at least 5 times. This is #1 today. Get ready for my load sweetie. " He then took his cock out and came all over my face.

"That was perfect, baby. Now... You will not clean your face. You will let that cum dry on your face. I want you to leave it there until I come back from work tonight. And you will need to go out shopping today. This way, you will remember who's property you are, all day." He then handed me a list of things to buy, gave me a credit card, and left to shower.

TBC