 I had been living at Todd's place for about a month. Over the past few weeks, many things had changed in my life. I was now a true slut (His slut); my wife had officially asked for a divorce; I had moved out of our house; and I had quit my job. Yes. My sole purpose in life was now to please my Owner... and whoever else he wanted me to please! 

I was happy. I woke up with a smile on my face most mornings - or with a cock in my slutty mouth! Daddy was good to me. He bought me many things, including many sexy pieces of clothing and sex toys. When I was at home, I was to dress as girlie as possible. Some days, Daddy wanted me to have a butt plug in my pussy. Other days, he would gag me. It really depended on how he felt that morning.

Two weeks after I officially became his property, Todd made arrangements for me to visit a tattoo shop. The instructions were clear: have my nipples pierced, and get an Owned Slut Tattoo on my lower back. I didn't have any say in the design. Daddy had shared all the specifications with the tattoo artist. For some reason, sitting in that chair, now knowing what Daddy wanted inked on my body made me so fucking hard. I think this reaction was caused by the fact I had no control on the outcome. 

The whole process lasted a few hours. I had to be patient. Fortunately, Mika, the tattoo artist, was very nice. He obviously knew why I was there. He told me about Daddy's instructions, and how good I was at being a submissive. Once he was done, he whispered in my ear: "Time to pay baby. Your Daddy said you would blow me good sweetie."

I was already turned on my left side. He placed his crotch against my face and I felt his bulge. He unzipped his pants and took out his cock, which was about 6 inches long. He was so hard, and I could smell the precum. He pushed his penis between my lips, and I started sucking him good. The position wasn't great, but I did the best I could. I was thankful that we were in a quiet space.

I could hear him moan. 

"Baby... I haven't been sucked in so long. What a good little whore you are. Do you want my load in that slutty mouth of yours sweetie?" I looked at him and nodded. He tensed up, and shot his load deep in my throat. I swallowed most of it. 

"Good job baby! Your Daddy must be so fucking proud of you." He put his cock back in his jeans, helped me up, and hugged me.

About two weeks later, my tattoo looked pretty good. My nipples were also feeling better. Not to brag, but I really felt like I looked really hot when I had no shirt on. Everytime I glanced at that tattoo on my lower back when looking in the bathroom mirror, I got hard!

That morning, Daddy surprised me. He got up early, and didn't put his cock in me. When I woke up, I went directly to the kitchen and found a note.

"Hello my love. I have a work emergency and need to travel abroad. I will most certainly be away for more than a week. Now, what does this mean for you. Well, you will have a little bit more freedom, but you will be required to keep me informed if you go out, or if you meet anyone. I have also made some special arrangements for next Friday. You will know what that means when the time comes. Take care my little slut. I love you."

For the first time in four weeks, I really didn't know what to do. I was getting used to doing everything Daddy wanted me to do. He was making all the decisions in my life. I was actually anxious about having to make decisions this coming week. So I decided to call Claire, the sweet girl I had met at the lingerie store. We had texted a few times. She gave me a lot of great advice on how to wear some of the items, or even on how to please my Daddy. We decided to meet for coffee at the mall, just before her shift started.

"So how are things going with Todd, sweetie?"

"Very good. I think I'm getting better at pleasing him. It's weird how quickly things can change. How he managed to change my mindset. How dependent I am of him."

"I think it's normal, sweetie. Todd has given you the opportunity to become who you have always been. Deep inside, you were always like this. It's just now that it's coming out. You're like a cute little butterfly."

Claire was so fucking pretty. Honestly, she made me feel very confused. I knew I liked pleasing guys. I liked to be with a strong, dominant man. But she was so hot, so cute. I think I actually wanted to be like her... Maybe I needed a shrink! 

"I really like you Claire. I'm so lucky to have you as a friend, a confident. We should do something this week."

"I agree. We're going out sweetie. How about tomorrow night? I'm off at 4. We can have dinner, get pretty, and go out."

"Sounds like a plan!" We hugged, she kissed me on the cheek, and left for the store.

I spent the next 24 hours relaxing at home. It was actually kind of cool to have a little bit of me-time. I was thinking about my upcoming evening with Claire when she texted me. She wanted me to come to her place. We would eat there instead of going out for dinner.

Claire had a very small apartment. But it was so pretty! Everything (or almost everything) was pink! She was one hell of a girlie girl. She had prepared a great meal with red wine. But I had no idea what Claire had in store for me after dinner. She took my hand and led me to her room. There, she sat me down at a little pink table, where were laid out many different items: Concealer, lipstick, eyeshadow, brushes, etc. I could also see a few different wigs on the table: a red one, a blond one, and a dark black one.

"We're going out tonight, but we are going out as girls, sweetie. But for this to happen, you need to be at your best. And I'm gonna take care of that part!"

I blushed. I had always fantasized about this. Even though I applied some makeup at home, and wore some sexy clothes, I really never had this kind of opportunity: a girl who wanted to help me be girlie and slutty.

After about an hour, Claire was done with my transformation. I looked fucking amazing! I had a bit of a barbie look. The most important part of this: I was actually passable! Claire had fitted me with fake sissy boobs. I had black stockings, a black tight skirt, a bright pink blouse, black leather boots. My makeup looked amazing, I was wearing a very nice black wig, that actually looked real! And I smelled so girlie, with some amazing perfume.

So we headed towards the Village, and went in a bar called Diamonds. Yes, this bar was in the Village, but this establishment was also very popular among many straight people. As soon as we walked in, I could feel all eyes on us (or me??). Girls were staring and smiling, but many cute guys too!

Claire ordered shooters and we started to drink. It didn't take long for guys and girls to come to our table. We had some good chats and laughs. I was so turned on, just by the way people were looking at me. For the first time in my life, it felt like I was the centre of attention. I felt like everybody wanted me! After shooter #4, I started feeling tipsy. Claire too. She turned to me and started kissing me. Her tongue was deep in my mouth. Her breasts pressed hard against my fake boobs. I was so hard, and more confused than ever. I then felt a presence on my right. I glanced. Two guys were there. They were both very cute.

Claire interrupted our kiss and we started chatting with the two gentlemen. Brad and JP were there to have a good time. They ordered more drinks. I was really enjoying myself. We laughed a lot. I knew those guys knew what I was... I mean even though I was trying to talk like a girl, I still had a male voice. But I don't think they cared. Anyways, the bulge in their pants led me to think they didn't mind!

The guys led us to the dance floor, where things got a bit heated. I was first dancing with Claire. We were kissing on the dance floor, and my clitty was so hard! But then Brad came behind me and pressed his body against mine. JP did the same with Claire. I could feel his cock pressed hard against my ass. He wanted me bad. He kissed my neck, turned me around and pushed his tongue in my mouth. This continued for about an hour. 

We were all horny, and I had a pretty good idea about what was coming up next. JP invited us to his place. So we took a cab and headed towards his condo, a 20 minute drive.

As soon as we went in the apartment, things got heated. I was kissing Brad. JP was kissing Claire. Claire turned to me to kiss me deeply. And both guys kissed with passion. Brad then gently pushed me down to my knees. Both guys dropped their pants.

"Hmmm girl... you're going to suck us both ok sweetie?" Claire was still standing, kissing JP.

So here I was, two beautiful cocks in front of me. JP was the first one to push his penis in my mouth. I took it in, inch by inch. It was so fucking yummie. As I was sucking him, I took my left hand and started stroking Brad's cock. JP was pushing his dick deep in my mouth. I was gagging a little, but still doing good at keeping a good pace. I saw Claire get down on her knees beside me. She took JP's cock out of my mouth and took it in her's. She was really good at it, and I felt like I could learn from her. I took Brad's cock in my slutty mouth.

"You girls are so fucking amazing," said JP.

Both guys were kissing while we had their dicks in our mouths. Brad was the first one to tense up. I looked up at him. His face was tense. He was close. His 8 inch cock was so fucking big in my mouth. He then started shooting his load deep in my mouth, I heard him moan and that made me so fucking wet. He was cumming and cumming. And I swallowed all of it. I think Brad's orgasm made JP go over the edge. He also started cumning hard, filling Claire's mouth. After swallowing his load, Claire turned to me and pressed her sweet lips on mine.

"I'm falling for you sweetie," she said.

JP and Claire then went to the living room, and I stayed in the kitchen with Brad. We had a very nice chat. He said he really liked me.

"We should move to the bedroom, sweetie." I smiled and said ok.

As soon as we went in the guest bedroom, Brad pushed me hard against the wall. He had his cock pressed hard against my ass.

"You're going to be my little bitch, sweetie. I'm going to fuck you hard baby. I need to have my cock deep in your pussy. Are you going to be a good bitch?" I said yes.

He unzipped my skirt, pulled down my panties, and spread my ass cheeks. I heard him laugh. 

"Hmmm. Nice tattoo baby. I love owned sluts."

I listened to him as he put a rubber on, and then felt his cock pressed against my tight hole. He started pushing it in. 

"Take it in little whore. You fucking slut, take my cock deep!"

He then pushed it in hard in my pussy. It hurt. I wished he had used some lube. But I moaned. I was getting fucked by a hot guy and I loved it.

Brad was really fucking me hard! He was rough, but I loved it. His cock was deep in me and I knew he was going to cum hard soon.

"Hmmm fuck baby you are so fucking hot! I'm gonna cum hard baby. Are you ready little slut?"

"Yes baby! I want to hear you moan sweetie! Cum hard in my pussy."

And he came hard. And I moaned like a good little bitch. He pulled out, and took the rubber off. He turned me around. 

"No cum wasted baby." He took the condom and started pouring the hot cum on my face and in my mouth.

"Good girl! Your Master must be so proud of you." He took a marker and wrote his number on my palm of my hand.

"You will text me next time you're available for a good fuck sweetie."

He then went to the bed and I understood that he was done with me. When I left the room, I walked passed JP's room and heard Claire's moans. They were obviously having a good time. I went to the bathroom, adjusted my wig and clothes, and silently left the condo.

As I got back to my place, I received a text. It was Claire.

"I had a great time with you baby. I love you so much. You're the best girlfriend I could ask for! Talk soon sweetie."

I smiled. Claire was indeed a great friend! I loved her too. But I had one owner: Todd. So I texted him, and told him everything that happened that night. I knew he would be proud of me. I then went to bed and started thinking about the surprise that Daddy had in store for me. I fell asleep with a smile on my face.