 Well, no doubt about it: I was a slut. I had sucked my first cock; I had been fucked hard in the pussy; I wore girlie clothes for my Man; and here I was, his load drying on my face, ready to leave the house.

Todd had laid out a few things he wanted me to wear during the day. Skinny jeans, a tight white t-shirt. Nothing too drastic there. But I had to wear bright red silk panties. He had also made a list of things to do: 

1. Do NOT clean your face. People (especially Men) need to smell that dried cum on your slutty face.

2. Make sure those jeans are a bit low on your waist. I want everyone to see that that you are wearing sexy panties.

3. Do NOT contact your wife. Remember that you do not want pussy anymore. In fact, you won't even look at girls. You will smile at Men, look at their asses and crotches. If I hear that you contacted her, you will be severely punished tonight.

4. Go to the mall. You will need to pick at least 10 new pairs of panties, stockings, nightdresses. I also want you to surprise me. Ask the girls there to suggest things that will turn me on. You will tell the employees that you are shopping for YOURSELF! 

5. You will get waxed. I want you smooth. When you get there, you will tell them that you are doing this to please your Man.

6. While you are at the mall, you will go to the washroom, jerk and cum. You will eat your load. This is to remind you what you are: a cumwhore. MY cumwhore.

7. You will be home at 4, get dressed in your sexy outfit, and prepare a nice dinner for your Man.

8. You will wait on your knees as soon as you hear me get close to the door.

I love you, little slut. Enjoy your day. - Daddy

So I left the house. To be completely honest, at this point, I was questioning my decisions. I was thinking that I should just go back home, apologize and try to fix things with my wife. But then I remembered what she saw... there was no turning back. She would never take me back. I took the Metro towards the mall. I remembered what he said, and tried not to look or smile at girls, but instead focus on how I interacted with men. As I came out of the Metro, I noticed that a tall and built Black guy was staring at me... and for a reason: my red panties were very obvious! He was actually following me. As he got closer, I smiled and blushed. 

"Give me your number baby", he said. 

"Oh... Hmmm ok Sir." And I did. I gave him my cell number! I didn't know what was going on anymore. Things were happening so fucking fast. It was like I was totally losing control.

I walked towards the mall, went in, and headed directly towards the local lingerie store. I walked in, and immediately felt all eyes on me. Customers (mostly women) and employees were looking at me. A cute brunette walked towards me. 

"Hey! I'm Claire. Are you looking for something for someone in particular... or..." She knew why I was there. I could tell. But how?

"Well... hmmm... I'm actually shopping for myself Claire. I hope that's ok." She smiled, gave me a friendly pat on the back as if we were buddies. 

"I got your back sweetie. Follow me." 

She ended being the sweetest girl! We even exchanged numbers. She told me that she once had a boyfriend who was into crossdressing, but that she never found another guy who was into that. In hindsight, I was very lucky to have found Claire. She gave me some advice, and I never felt like she was judging me. She had my best interest at heart (and she probably knew that was making a good commission!)

So thanks to her support, I left the store with about 15 pairs or panties, 10 pairs of stockings, 5 nightdresses, 5 teddies, a few babydolls, and a smile on my face.

I then headed to the washroom. I remembered my assignment. So I went in the stall, dropped my bags on the floor, and started stroking. I was already super wet with pre, and it didn't take me long to cum hard in my hand. I brought the load to my slutty mouth and swallowed it all. When I came out, an older man was looking at me, with a WTF look on his face. I smiled and left.

I then had to walk about 15 minutes to get to the spa, where I would get waxed. There again, I was so fortunate to find someone nice, understanding and open minded. Krissy was a real sweetheart! While she was waxing me and making sure I was super smooth for my man, we talked about everything! She was very open-minded. She even told me how she thought it was hot that I was doing this to please him. 

I left the spa feeling happy, proud, and confident that I was doing the right thing. Overall, this was a pretty good day! When I got home (well his home I guess), I quickly got rid of my jeans and shirt. I was so happy to try my new sexy clothes! I picked the best pieces, and started preparing dinner for my man. At around 5, I heard his car in the driveway... I quickly headed to the front door, dropped to my knees, waiting impatiently for him to come in.

"Ohhh! Slut! I'm so fucking proud of you baby. You look fabulous! You are making me so fucking hard baby. You did good baby. I think you will be a wonderful little bitch." He put the leash on me, and led me to the kitchen. We enjoyed a good dinner, good wine, a great discussion. 

I did not know that that night would be a turning point in my life as a slut! Yes. It was Friday night, and we were going out!

TBC