 Those of you who read my account of my first taste of gay sex will may remember that I had something of a baptism of fire – tied up, dressed in my girlfriend's sister's underwear in a local field, where I was forced to deepthroat a stranger before swallowing first his cum, then mine and finally some of his piss.

Well, that remains my best ever sexual experience, but I wanted my second one to be equally intense. In truth, this wasn't actually my second gay experience – I had sucked off a few guys by now at a local cruisy picnic area – but it was my second organised, proper meet.

Again, weeks of email conversations preceded my second meet – I wanted to define the scenario before we met so that I could just arrive, be ordered about like a slut and still get the sex that I so desperately wanted. 

Finally the day came and I duly drove the 20 or so miles to Richards house. I had never met him, but we had spoken at length on the net and exchanged photographs. He was in his early thirties and muscular and powerful looking and promised that he had a nice cock, although I had asked him not to let me see photographs of it before we met.

Richard greeted me at the door with a smile and ushered me through to his living room. As we had discussed, he had laid out a selection of clothes on his sofa. He told me that he was going up to his bedroom and that I should change into the clothes that he had chosen for me and then join him upstairs.

The clothes he had chosen for me were his wife's. I had a fetish for women's clothes, particularly underwear, but the essential thing was that they actually belonged to a woman, rather than just being clothes for women. It turned me on on so many levels. I loved women's underwear, especially unwashed undies – the thought that I was wearing, sniffing or wanking into something that's been wrapped around some woman's pussy turned me on; the fact that she was somewhere, going about her normal business, completely unaware that I was abusing her most intimate clothes turned me on even more; the thought that I was enjoying her clothes while pleasuring her boyfriend, husband or brother was almost enough in itself to make me cum. 

I had built up a modest collection of underwear over the last couple of years – some left in my car after quick fucks, some stolen from ex-girlfriend's underwear drawers or laundry baskets, friends overnight bags if they stayed over at my place and even the occasional pair from a washing line somewhere. Today though I was going to wear Chrissy's, Richard's wife. 

He had laid out a pair of black lace panties, a suspender belt, stockings, black bra, white blouse, a very short black skirt and a pair of knee high boots. The clothes all went on ok, although the boots were a tight fit, being a size smaller than my size 8s.

I checked myself in the mirror before going upstairs to meet Richard. I looked every bit the slut – the skirt only just covered my buttocks!

Nervously I climbed the stairs and walked along the landing to Richard's bedroom. Richard was lying on the bed waiting for me. I started to walk over to him, but before I made it to the bed he told me stop. "Get you cock out, slut" he barked. I did as I was told, hitched up the skirt and pulled my panties down to reveal my semi-hard dick. "That's the last time you touch your cock until you leave here" he said "I'm gonna use you and body for my pleasure today and I decide when your little cock gets attention".

He walked round behind me and reached round my hips for my cock. He wanked me hard and fast for a few seconds before stopping to cuff my hands behind my back. He then reached around again and continued to furiously toss me off, and as he was doing so I could feel his hard cock pressing in my back. 

It wasn't long, only a minute or so before my breathing got heavier and I got ready to cum. "I don't want you to make a mess on my carpet" he said as he picked up a whiskey tumbler from his bedside cabinet and held it over the end of my dick. A few seconds later my cum formed a pool in the bottom of the glass.

"That's you sorted" he said, unbuckling his belt and trousers "now it's your turn to satisfy me."

With my hands still cuffed behind I turned my back to Richard and reached for his cock. As soon as my hand got a grip on his shaft I got a hard slap around the back of my head. "If I wanted a wank, I'd have had one myself! Get on your knees and suck it, bitch" he bellowed.

With a stinging ear I sank to my knees and brought my mouth to his dick. I licked his balls and his shaft for a while before opening my mouth and taking in a nice length of thick manhood.

Richard had a lovely cock. It was thick, long – easily 8 inches – and cut. He moaned and groaned with pleasure as I licked and sucked him passionately. "I'll make you a deal" he offered "if you can deepthroat my entire length, I'll let you spit out my cum. If you don't take it's entire length in your mouth, I'll force it down and I'll make you swallow every last drop of spunk."

It was too good an offer to turn down. Richard and I had discussed my likes and dislikes at length over the previous few weeks and I had told him several times that although I loved sucking and, perversely, enjoyed the degradation of being forced to swallow a load, I absolutely hated the taste of cum.

I leant forward, pushing back on my knees burying my face in his groin, desperately trying to get every last millimetre of his dick in my mouth. After a few minutes, and a fair bit of coughing and gagging, I succeded. It was obviously too much for Richard and I felt him start to tense. I pulled back so that just the head was in my mouth and licked and sucked gently as he filled my mouth with hot, salty sperm. And fuck did he fill my mouth. I almost had to swallow just to stop it overflowing! Eventually he stopped cumming and raised the whiskey glass to mouth again. I duly spat out his spunk into the glass – it must have been two or three times more than the load that I had shot in there a few minutes earlier.

"Fuck! That was good!" he said, still slightly breathless. "I was gonna make you wait a bit, but after a bj like that I think you deserve to cum again. Besides, it will give me a chance to recover before I fuck that virgin arse of yours."

With that he sank to his knees and began to suck me off. It wasn't long before I was ready to cum again and, to my surprise Richard carried on sucking every last drop from me. Richard had told me that he hated the taste of cum too, so I wasn't surprised to see him spit it into the glass with the other two loads.

"Right then, time for what you came for slut". Up until now, I had only ever sucked cock. I had never taken one anally. As with the oral that originally got me curious, it was tying my girlfriend tight and abusing her butt while she was helpless that turned me on. That got me round to thinking that I would like to be abused in the same way.

Richard uncuffed my hands and instructed me to lie face up on the bed. Once there, he tightly fastened each of my wrists to the rungs on his head board with handcuffs. Next he took a length of rope and tied it around me left knee and pull it back and outwards before tying it the headboard. He did the same to my other knee, leaving me exposed with my knees pulled back and wide apart and my feet in the air. It was very uncomfortable with my legs that widely spread.

"Open wide" he said, pushing a pair of panties in my mouth. "My wife wore these all day yesterday after I fucked her in the morning before work. You should be able to taste her cunt and my cum on those."

I was getting a bit nervous by now. I had only never done anal before, except occasionally fucking myself with my girlfriend's small vibrator. That was only about 4 inches long and half an inch thick. The cock I was about to experience was twice as long and at least three times as thick. This was gonna hurt!

Lying there with my eyes shut, I startled a little as I felt first the ice cold lube on my arse and then Richard's finger roughly coating the inside of my butt. I opened my eyes to find Richards cock in front of my face. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head towards him. I spat out the panties that were gagging me eagerly slobbered all over his cock, knowing that other than the bit of KY he had already applied, my saliva was going to be the only lubricant used.

I knew it was crazy, but as I had intended this to be the one and only time I would receive anal, I had agreed to do it bareback. I wanted to feel his skin against mine and, more importantly, wanted to feel his cum shooting inside me.

I could feel Richard lining up the tip of his cock with my hole. I took a deep breath and then exhaled, trying to relax as I did so. Richard paused for a moment and then, with one hard thrust, pushed the entire length of his cock into me – all 8 and bit inches of it. I screamed. Fuck, it hurt. My pain obviously turned Richard on even more and pulled out and again pushed I all the way in, before fucking me hard and deep.

The pain started to subside a little bit, but it was nowhere near pain-free, or enjoyable, but it was the humiliation and degradation that I had asked for. Here I was, dressed in his wife's sluttiest clothes, being fucked like a cheap whore – it was great.

Even when he pulled out of my arse and thrust his cock in my mouth I was in heaven. I didn't know whether to cum or puke – tasting my arse on his dick, but it didn't matter. I felt like a real slag.

After what must have been half an hour, Richard untied my knees. It felt so good to be able to move from that horrible position! Again Richard pushed his cock in my face, but this time he was 69ing me. Like a slut a licked and sucked on his cock until he withdrew from my mouth and lowered his ass over my face.

Richard knew I didn't rim. I had told him during our email discussions that it something that I wasn't up for. "Rim me now slut or our session ends now – you wont get to cum, you wont get to feel me cum in your arse and I wont let you keep those clothes you're wearing. Get your tongue deep in there and lick my arse now"

Reluctantly I started to lick his arse, first circling his ring with my tongue, then licking his arse hole before finally fucking his arse with my tongue. I hated the physical act of licking this guy's arse, by the humiliation and degradation had made my cock rock hard.

With my cock now standing to attention, Richard told me that I was now going to fuck him. He quickly changed positions and lowered himself onto my dick. Grabbing my shaft he positioned it's tip at his hole and sunk down onto me. It felt so good to feel his tight ring gripping my rock as he rode me. Needless to say, it wasn't long before I was ready to cum. I told him that I was about to cum, expecting him to climb off and finish me by hand. Instead he just pushed down on me harder and took my load deep in his bowels.

After a few moments my cock began to soften and Richard climbed off of me, only to again lower his arse over my mouth. "You know what to do, slut" he said as he lowered his now slightly gaping arse hole onto my tongue. My tongue pushed into his hole, licking and fucking his butt. I could feel his muscles tensing, pushing my semen out. I felt the drip as my cum ran out of hole, down my tongue and into my mouth. I didn't realise how much I had cum – there was plenty of it! I even found myself trying to suck it from his arse. After showing Richard the load of spunk swilling around my mouth I followed his instruction and swallowed.

Richard again started to fuck me, but harder and faster than before. Within a couple of minutes his thrusts got deeper and harder and then I felt it – a warm, wet feeling deep within me. He was cumming in my arse. It was such a strange feeling, but so nice. I could almost have cum again myself.

"There's just one more thing for you to do before I let you go" he said, still with his dick inside me. "There are 3 loads of spunk in this glass, and I want to watch you swallow them"

Whilst this was something I hadn't told him I wanted, I reminded myself that the whole purpose of this experience was to be treated like a slut. And what could be sluttier than being dressed like a whore, tied to a bed, with an arseful of spunk and being forced to drink cum from a glass?

I opened my mouth wide and swallowed every drop that Richard poured from the glass. It tasted disgusting, but I loved it.

Richard unzipped the boots I was wearing and pulled them from my feet. He then untied my hands, ushered me downstairs, handed my clothes and told me to get out.

I wished I had parked closer to his house as I walked back to my car, still dressed in stockings and short skirt, with Richards cum now seeping out of my arse into his wife's panties.....