 Daddy had been gone for a few days. He was away on a business trip. We communicated frequently, and he reminded me a few times that he had a surprise for me this coming Friday. So I waited anxiously for the end of the week. On Friday morning, I received a text: "Hello luv. I have been in contact with your Owner. We will pick you up at 6 tonight. But be ready: be smooth, and put on your sexiest and sluttiest outfit. See you soon sweetie." It was signed C.

I really had no clue what was going on, or what to expect. But I was excited. This was another proof that I had no control on my life anymore - Daddy was calling all the shots! 

Since I had all day to prepare for this special evening, I went out. I had lunch with Claire, who was super excited for me. She even said she wished she could join me. I was really building a strong connection with Claire, but not the kind that would lead me to leave my Daddy. We were clearly becoming BFFs.

After lunch, I followed Claire to the lingerie store, where she helped me pick out a few new items. They checked all the right boxes: they were sexy and slutty! They made me look amazing.

I then went to the spa, to make sure I was smooth all over. I got back home, had a quick bite and a glass of rosé, then jumped in the tub for a bubble bath. I was so excited, but also quite nervous. 

Half an hour later, I was ready! And I looked slutty: a pink thong, black leggings, a tight pink top, and fuck-me boots.

At 6:05, I heard the doorbell. As I opened the door, I saw a man in his thirties. He was very well dressed. Blue eyes, dark black hair. And he had a French accent.

"Hello. My name is Michel. I was told to pick you up for your special evening. Would you follow me please?" 

I picked up my things, locked the door, and starting walking down the stairs. And then everything made sense. Michel opened the door to a beautiful expensive-looking car. It was the Mercedes-Maybach. Calvin was behind all of this.

The drive lasted about 45 minutes. We were heading towards the suburbs, where there were many mansions. Michel was very nice and polite, and we had a very good conversation. He told me about his life, his recent move to the United States from Canada (Québec City), his job as Calvin's personal assistant. And then, Michel turned right in a large uphill driveway. The entry gate opened, and up the hill we went. That's when I saw a series of about 12 cars: a Ferrari, high end BMWs, an Aston Martin, a Rolls-Royce and of course, a few Teslas. This was not my usual kind of party!

Michel parked the car in front of the main door, quickly exited the car and came to the back to open my door. He then led me to the front entrance, and opened the door. As soon as I came in, all eyes turned towards me, and I blushed. I didn't know any of these folks. Everyone was well dressed, and everyone was drinking. And then I saw Calvin walking in my direction. At his side was a beautiful red-head. I was surprised to see him with a women.

"Aww sweetie, I'm so happy you could make it!" I smiled as he hugged me. "This is Heidi, my wife." She kissed me on the cheeks.

"I'm sure you'll have a wonderful evening with us, luv" she said. "I'll let you two talk for a little bit and I'll see you again soon." She walked away and left me alone with Calvin.

"Listen to me baby. Todd's instructions were clear. You are to have a good time here. But you will also do what you are told to do. Tonight, you are here to please my guests." I looked around. Most of the guests were men. I saw only a few women. 

Calvin then handed me a glass of champagne, and a little pill. "Take this sweetie. You need to relax. This will be a long but exciting evening for the little slut that you are." I hesitated a little, but took a sip of champagne and swallowed the pill.

As Calvin led me to meet some of the guests, I drank the rest of my glass of champagne. Another one was handed to me. I'd say it took about 25 minutes for the pill to have an impact on me. I suddenly started to have more energy. It was like I was closer to everyone. My shyness was slowly fading away. I felt good. I felt sexy. I felt slutty.

Heidi reappeared, took my hand, and led me upstairs. We went in one of the bedrooms, and she closed the door behind us. She laid me on the bed, got on top of me, and started kissing me. She was the best kisser I had ever met. I was so hard. I knew my panties were already wet. She was moaning. I was also moaning. As she was straddling me, she put my hands on her firm breast. 

"You will do great here tonight, little bitch." She then whispered in my ear. "This is a very select group of people. Everyone here is clean. We get tested every month, and we are required to prove that we are disease-free to get access to this mansion. You will get filled with cum tonight baby."

I was rock hard. All my inhibitions were gone. I wanted cock. I wanted all the cocks that were here tonight.

Heidi then got up, and took me by the hands to lift me up from the bed. Once I was standing, she pushed me down to my knees. My face was now inches from her crotch. Her hands were caressing my hair. I looked up at her. 

"Open your mouth, faggot." I did. She spit in my mouth. She then unzipped her dress, and let it drop to the floor. She proceeded to pull her panties down. And to my surprise, Heidi did not have a pussy. Instead, I could see a beautifully perfect penis, about six inches long. Heidi was a shemale.

"Take it in your mouth, whore." Without any hesitation, I did. And Heidi started fucking my mouth. Hard and rough. I could see her beautiful firm breast bouncing as she used my mouth like a pussy. She made me gag but I wanted more. I felt like such a fucking slut.

"I'm gonna fill that slutty mouth baby. Take this load cumwhore!" And I did. I drank her nectar as if it was the most precious thing in the world. I swallowed all of it.

"Mmmm sweetie! Calvin was right. You are such a sweet little whore. You did good baby. Now, I will freshen up, but you will stay in this room for the night. I'll make sure you get drinks every 15-20 minutes. This is your personal brothel baby." She got dressed, closed the door behind her and left.

I was confused. I was high. But I was so fucking horny. I laid in bed to regain my senses, but it only took about 5 minutes for the door to open. I could see two men. Two beautiful guys. One was fit, strong built, with a dark black trimmed beard. The second one was shorter, but also very fit. He had brown hair, and his face was very smooth.

"Baby. We need you naked. Get undressed now bitch." So I did. The bigger guy then turned me around and bent me over the bed. My ass was sticking out. I then saw the shorter guy to my left. He unzipped his dressed pants, and took out his cock. It was smaller then mine. He slapped my face with it, and then pushed it in my mouth.

As for the taller guy, he parted my ass cheeks, and proceeded to rim my hole. I could feel his tongue pushing inside my tight hole. It was hard for me to focus, I tried to suck the shorter guy good, but I also knew what was coming up. Even though I suspected that he had a big cock, I admit I was surprised when I felt his meat penetrate me. It was by far the thickest cock I'd ever had in my pussy.

"Are you ready, you fucking faggot whore?" I couldn't speak. I had a cock in my mouth. Deep in my mouth. But then I felt it. Immense pain as his monstrous cock penetrated my pussy. He pushed it in as deep as he could, took it almost completely out, and then pushed it back hard and deep. He continued to do this, faster and deeper. I was getting fucked in both holes. Spit-roasted, as they say.

The shorter guy was the first one to reach an orgasm. He pulled out and came on my face and in my hair. The guy fucking my pussy came not long after. I felt his load penetrate me, deep in my bowels. He moaned hard and I did too. Like a true bitch. He then pulled out of my pussy, and showed up on my left side.

"Clean it, little slut." I hadn't noticed, but 3 more guys were in the room. They were all stroking their cocks, watching us. One of then approached me. He slapped my ass violently, put his hands on my hips, and turned me around. He lifted my legs, pulled me to the edge of the bed, and pushed his cock deep in me. He was even rougher than the other guy. 

"Look at you, you little bitch! What a fucking whore you are. How many cocks will you take tonight slut? 10, 20? What a faggot prostitute you are!" The other guys were watching him fuck me. They were stroking their cocks. As I looked up at him, my heart stopped (well not literally!) That's when I noticed what was on the ceiling and on the walls: cameras. With a flashing red light on them. We were being filmed. Without knowing, I was probably starring in some kind of porn video or live stream. Weirdly enough, I didn't care. I was happy. I was moaning. I was in paradise.

"Fuck me baby... fuck me hard! I want to feel your hot cum deep in my pussy sweetie!", I surprised myself saying. That's all it took for him to cum hard in my hole. After he was done, he spit on me. He brought me up to my feet, took my hand and led me to the en-suite bathroom. 

"Get in the tub slut." I got it. He pointed his penis in my direction, and started pissing on me. Mostly on my face. He told me to open my mouth. I did and drank about half of it.

"Good whore!"

One of the other guys, a tall Black man, came towards me. His cock was rock hard. I knew he had patiently been waiting to have his penis in me. He brought me to my feel, helped me out of the bathtub, and pushed me hard against the bathroom wall. 

"You're getting my black meat deep in you, slut." He fucked me like a animal. No mercy. At this point, I still felt good, but I could feel some pain. I realized what was going on and I knew that the next morning, my body would hurt. But I was still moaning like a bitch. He deposited a very large amount of semen deep in me.

"Yeah... that's what I'm talking about! Just this moment was worth the entry-fee!" Entry-fee! OMG. These guys paid to be here and fuck me.

So I took the other guy's cock. In both holes. And the evening wasn't over. Three more guys came to visit me. And then I passed out. I was full of cum. Smelled like urine. Instead of a high, I felt muscle pain, nausea and a bit of anxiety. There was no doubt: I had become the slut I wanted to be. 

Then Heidi came in. She crawled in my bed. She started caressing my hair. And I feel asleep.

I woke up with a huge headache, but also with the smell of bacon, eggs and fresh coffee. I tried to get up but my head was spinning. I managed to walk to the bathroom, and jump 

in the shower. When I came out, I noticed that someone had left a sexy bright pink bathrobe on the bed. It must have been Heidi. I put it on.

I left the room and walked down the stairs. I could see glasses, bottles and plates everywhere. Obviously, it was a good party. Heidi and Calvin were sitting at the dinner table. Breakfast smelled great.

"Hi sweetie. Up for breakfast and coffee?", said Heidi. I nodded and smiled.

"You did great baby. We had the best stats ever online. I'm so fucking proud of you. I might have to steal you away from Todd", Calvin said. And then it hit me: I was now an online pornstar. 

I blushed and smiled. I was ready for this, and I wanted more. I wanted more now. But first, I wanted bacon and coffee.