 I was dizzy. I tried to lift my head, but every muscle hurt. I opened my eyes and everything was a bit blurry. I moved my right hand and felt something... I tilted my head to see that a beautiful built Black man was laying beside me. He was sleeping. I then turned my head in the other direction, and saw Todd. He was also knocked out. We were all in the same king sized bed, in what seemed like a pretty nice hotel suite. Was I dreaming?

12 HOURS BEFORE

Todd was very kind to me. The way he looked at me made me feel so special. I knew my marriage was over, and I was ready to accept it. I knew I was responsible for that failure, but I also knew it was over way before my decision to come here. I was now Todd's sole property. I was wearing his collar. He had breeded me. He was my Man.

After dinner, he told me to go for a quick shower. He then instructed me to put on the cutest panties I had picked earlier that day at the lingerie store (I wish I could show them here! They were soooo pretty.) Todd wanted me in jeans and tshirt for the evening. He then handed me a bottle of perfume. I never wore perfume, really. 

"Put this on baby. I want everyone to know what you truly are." 

So I did. It smelled nice, really nice. But it was the kind of perfume that I would usually notice on girls. The kind that really caught my attention.

"Baby. You are mine and mine alone. And this is not a 24 hour thing, a fling. I will train you to be the best slut in town. But you will always be my property. I will care for you. I will love you. But I will also control you, and make every important decision for you. Do you understand what Daddy is saying, sweetie?" 

I nodded.

"Good boi! Tonight, you will enjoy other men's cocks, baby." 

We left his place and took a Uber. I wasn't sure where we were headed, but I was hard thinking about the possibilities. While we were in the backseat, he took my hand and put it in his pants. He was hard, and he wanted me to jerk him. So I did. Once in a while, I would look at the driver's eyes in the rearview mirror. He was suspicious. I think he knew what was going on, even though Todd was surprisingly very quiet. After only about 3 minutes, his body tensed up and he came in his briefs, and all over my slutty hand. He took a deep breath and told me to lick my fingers clean. While I sucked on my cum covered fingers, the driver glanced at me with a disgusted look on his face. He wasn't pleased.

We arrived in front of an older building. We were in a part of town that I hadn't visited before. It was close to an industrial sector. A very simple sign was hanging on the building: Jack's Place. Although the façade of the building gave the impression that it was abandoned, I noticed two bouncers, and about 15 people waiting in line to get in.

Todd paid the driver and we walked towards the entrance. Instead of getting in line, he gave a friendly handshake to one of the bouncers, and in we went. He was obviously a regular here.

The ambiance inside was completely different from what I saw outside. One section had dimmed lights, people sitting and chatting at tables, others sitting at the bar. It actually looked quite fancy. But I could also hear loud music coming from the other section. I also noticed another bouncer guarding that section. Todd smiled at me.

"Welcome to paradise, little slut." He then took something from his pocket. It was lipstick. Bright red. He opened it, and applied some... on my forehead. 

"You will soon learn how things work here baby. The letters O.S. on your forehead mean that you are an owned slut. Others can use you, but they will need your owner's permission first." 

I admit that I was trembling. At this point, I really needed something to calm me down. I was unsure about what was coming up. I already trusted Todd, but I didn't know the other guys in this bar.

We sat at a table and Todd ordered shooters. It only took about 45 minutes for me to be feeling tipsy. I could tell Todd had many friends here. About 10 guys came over to talk to him, and congratulate him on his new trophy boi. Guys were definitely looking at me and I could tell what most of them had in mind. I then noticed a very cute blond guy approach our table. He was about 6'1, and very fit. He whispered something in Todd's ear. Todd nodded. And the guy left.

"Go to the washroom now, baby. No questions, little whore. You will please Jacob, my good buddy. Do what he wants. Go now." He got closer and kissed me with passion, his tongue deep in my mouth.

So I got up and headed towards the washroom. Jacob was there. He smiled and instructed me to get in one of the stalls. He turned me around, and pushed me against the wall, his body pressed on my back. I could feel his hard on. He kissed my neck and my right ear. 

"I want you so fucking bad, whore." I heard him unbutton his pants. He turned me around, put his hands on my shoulders, and pushed me down to my knees. He took out a very nice cock. It was probably about 7 inches. He was rock hard.

"Suck it bitch." So I did. I kissed the tip. I licked his balls and shaft, and then took it in my slutty mouth, inch by inch. It felt good. I felt like a true whore. I was really enjoying his penis. But then he pushed it hard in my mouth, and it hit the back of my throat. I immediately gagged. 

"You're a fucking slut. I love fucking sluts' mouths." And that's what he was doing: fucking my mouth as if it was a pussy. I had no control anymore. I gagged many times. I had trouble breathing. But he was in control and there was nothing to do. He was breathing faster and I knew he was close. He came hard in mouth. This was the biggest load I've had in my mouth. I tried to swallow as much as possible.

"Such a good bitch. Todd's a lucky guy. I'm next in line if things don't work out baby." He put his dick back in his jeans and left the stall. I stayed on my knees for a little bit. There was no doubt: I was a slut now.

I got up, washed my face, and went back into the bar. Guys were clearly looking at me. The word was getting around. When I got back to our table, Todd was with someone else. A tall built Black guy. They were clearly having a good time.

"Ahhh there's my little faggot slut", Todd said. He invited me to sit down between them.

"This is Calvin. We were just talking about you, and how quickly you are learning your place in this world." 

Calvin took my hand and put it on his bulge. He put his hand over mine. He wanted me to know how hard he was.

"I know we weren't here long baby, but Calvin has a room and he has invited us to join him there. We'll have another round of shooters and leave."

Twenty minutes later, we were in the parking lot. Calvin led us to his car, a Mercedes-Maybach. Now... I didn't know much about cars. I owned a Honda Civic. But I knew that this car was very expensive. This guy was obviously rich.

We got to the hotel. A valet quickly came to Calvin's window. 

"We're so happy to have you back at our hotel, Sir. Please let us know if there's anything we can do for you and your guests." Yup. Calvin had cash!

We went in the elevator, and Calvin pushed the button for the top floor - the penthouse. In the meantime, Todd was behind me, kissing my neck.

As soon as we went in the penthouse, Todd turned to me: 

"I want you in panties, now." So I dropped my clothes on the floor. Calvin walked to the kitchen and started pouring three glasses of red wine. We all went to the living room area. Calvin and Todd were sitting together. I was told by Todd to stay on my knees.

After about 5 minutes of chit chat, they starting kissing. I admit that I was a bit jealous. My man was kissing someone else. I didn't know how I should feel about this. They took out their cocks and started stroking each other. Calvin's cock was... huge. 

That's when Todd instructed me to come closer.

"Come here slut. Suck his cock." So I smiled at my owner, and took Calvin's dick in my mouth. I really wasn't sure if I could take the whole thing. I had a mouthful! 

"Hmmmm baby! Suck that black meat!", Calvin said. While I was sucking him, Calvin's hand was busy stroking my owner's cock. And they were still kissing with passion.

After about 3 minutes, Calvin took out his cock from my mouth, and pushed my face towards Todd's dick, which I started sucking. I could taste his precum. He was so hard. He was ready to explode. And he did. He filled my mouth with a huge load.

"Suck it clean, bitch" he said. Calvin laughed.

"You have him trained real good, bro. If he was mine, I'd have him be my wife!" They both laughed. Calvin was still very hard. He hadn't cum yet. He got up and led us to the bedroom.

That's when Todd pushed me on the bed. Calvin got closer. He put his firm hands on my hips. And then ripped my panties off. My brand new panties! I could feel his huge penis at the edge of my pussy. I was so wet with pre.

"Beg for it, sweetie", Todd said.

"Sir, please fuck my pussy, I beg you. I want your big cock deep in me Sir." That's all he needed. He pushed it in deep, hard, and rough. He was really treating me like a true bitch. It hurt so much. I had tears in my eyes. But I was also moaning loudly. And I surprised myself by asking for more.

"Hmmmm yes Sir, please, fuck me hard. I want you deeper my pussy." 

And he did! He was fucking me like an animal. Every motion was so violent. He was destroying my tight hole. As for Todd, he was sitting on the edge of the bed, watching us, stroking his cock.

"I'm gonna cum, you fucking whore! Turn around." He took out his cock from my pussy and pushed it roughly in my mouth. And he came. And came. And came. I tried to swallow it all, but it was impossible. 

"Hmmmm baby! What a great little whore you are! What a bitch!" I was out of breath. I was full of cum. But I was still smiling. While I was trying to catch my breath, I felt someone pull on my legs. It was Todd. He dragged me to the edge of the bed, lifted my legs, and penetrated me.

"My turn, whore." He fucked me good. And came hard too! We then all laid in bed, our naked bodies pressed together.

Todd whispered to my ear: "I'm so fucking proud of you sweetie. I love you." He kissed me deeply and I fell asleep, a smile on my face.