 I have come a long way.

I was being fucked in the ass by my step-father in the shower. My back was against the wall and he held me by my hips. My legs were over his shoulders as he was ravaging my ass. His cock was making me go crazy as he kept rubbing it against my prostate.

I never knew that I could get this much pleasure from a man's cock. This was not just a man; I have known him for a long time. My own cock was hard from this incredible feeling. As he kept fucking me, I held him by his neck and pulled him closer to me.

I don't know what he thought of this gesture, but he kept on making me bounce on his cock. The reason I pulled him closer to me was because I wanted more sensation from this fucking. After getting closer to him, My cock was rubbing against his belly. After just 30 seconds, I shot my load which ended up in his chest and belly.

This made him more excited. He pushed me away from him and told me to get ready. Then he really started fucking me furiously. Even after cumming, I couldn't help myself but getting excited again. I started screaming stuff "Fuck me harder daddy", "Cum inside me."

As he was holding me against the wall, I couldn't help but feel a little helpless. I was completely at his mercy. This feeling of helplessness turned me on like nothing else. I trusted my daddy to take care of me and make me feel great.

Soon after telling me to get ready, daddy started grunting loudly. I could feel that he was going to shoot his load up my ass. He slowed down his motion and became quite rigid. After that, He started to pump his seed inside my ass.

As he let me down on my feet, I felt some of his cum dripping down from my ass. I looked at his chest and asked him if I could clean up his chest as I made such a mess there. He just smiled at me and said that he had some work to take care of. I guess he saw the disappointment in my eyes and told me that he would make it up to me later. Before leaving, he told me to clean myself up and take care of my body.

I knew that he wouldn't let me down and he must have a plan for the night.

Maybe I am getting ahead of myself. I should start from the beginning.

My mother got married to my stepfather when I was 12 years old. He has been like a real father to me since I never knew my biological father. Mom got really sick when I was 16. After fighting for her life for more than a year, she passed away.

Ever since that time, I have been living with my stepfather. I used to call him dad all the time. He also supported me all the way. He took care of my expenses and kept me well fed and happy.

He started working from home after my mothers' death. After finishing my school, I didn't want to go to any college. Basically because I wasn't smart enough to continue there. Even if I made it there, it was gonna be very costly and I didn't want to be any more of a burden to my dad.

After finishing school, I started working various types of jobs. I did all that to help out my father. I knew that it wasn't much, but it gave me a sense of accomplishment.

As I reached my 18th birthday, I had no idea what the future held for me.

I used to watch a lot of porn on the internet. From there, I figured out that I was gay. First of all, I liked the scenes where the camera concentrated on the girls face. The look they had while someone else was fucking them was amazing. These kinds of scenes always seemed to have me excited.

Secondly, the blowjob scenes were the ultimate sign for me about what I was. I could not stop myself from staring at the beautiful members of the porn actors. It always had me fascinated. I sometimes drooled at some hot blowjob scenes without even realizing it.

All these shenanigans escalated after becoming 18. My latest favorite types of porn was all kinds of compilations. I didn't know if my father knew about my sexuality or not. I also had a crush on my dad. I wanted my dad to notice me and my body.

I started snooping on my dad more and more over the days. Now I knew when he used to jerk off. He did it after 2 or 3 days. I didn't know what I was going to do and never thought anything of it.

I started wearing skimpy little clothes around the house. We were used to walking around the house in our shorts. I started wearing clothes that were too tight and left nothing to the imagination.

I also shaved my entire body. I didn't have too much body hair to begin with. Nevertheless, I shaved whatever hair there was.

I almost reached 19. I started to become desperate. I wanted him to have me, but I also wanted him to make the first move. My fantasy with him had me on the submissive role. I wanted him to dominate me.

By now, I was familiar with his routine. I knew his workout routines. I also knew when he was going to jack off. In my desperation, I used to masturbate when he was also masturbating in his room. It was nothing but just him grunting sometimes.

One day, while I was masturbating outside his room, I could not control myself. I ejaculated on his door and became terrified. I didn't know what to do at that point. I started panicking and then I just ran to my room. I just hoped that he wouldn't notice the cum.

Later that day, Everything went on as usual. My father didn't mention anything about the incident. I was quite shocked as I thought he would get angry. Maybe he thought that it was his own semen, who knows.

As my desperation increased, I found out about various ways to pleasure men from giving head. If I was gonna learn, I was gonna learn to be the best. I bought a dildo and started practicing to deepthroat. My throat was loosened in a few days and I didn't have any problem taking the entire 6 inch long dildo in my mouth.

Since he was taking ages to make any progress or take any hints, I thought that I had to do something drastic.

I decided that I was gonna have to initiate the relationship. After a couple of days, I figured out that he hasn't masturbated for a while. As a result, he was horny. I was gonna make my move at that night.

He went to bed after midnight. I was shaking with nervousness and excitement. "I was finally going to do something", I thought.

It was now or never. I heard movement in his room after a hour or so. I knew that he couldn't go to sleep. He must've gotten up to masturbate.

It was now or never for me. I opened his door with shaking hands. He was jacking off under the sheets. I crawled to his bed and put my hands under the sheets.

"What the hell do you think you are doing." He panicked.

"Please dad, Let me help you." I replied.

I was still shaking.

"What kind of help do you think you are doing."

"Let me release your pressure." I said to him while giving him the puppy eyes.

"Son, I knew you are gay for a long time." He started talking again. "And I don't have any problem with that. But, What you are trying to do here now is just wrong."

"Please dad, I need this really bad and I promise you that you will feel good about it too."

He was still hesitating. But, his cock was still rock hard. I reached my hand to it. I did it all the while keeping eye contact with him.

"Just let me do this and you will know how good can I make you feel." I told him as I started rubbing my hand up and down on his throbbing member. "Lay back and let me do the work."

His body became relaxed. He then closed his eyes as he laid on his back. I wanted to look at his eyes while giving the blowjob but was a little disappointed. Somehow I knew that the first time was not going to be the best time. Still I had to give him a good time if I wanted this to go longer.

I knew that the foreplay of kissing his cock slowly and licking my way all over it wouldn't work. The reason he was going along with all this was because he was still very horny and needed to cum real quick.

I worked up a load of saliva and took his tip in my mouth. I started twirling my tongue around the tip as the saliva ran down his whole length. I kept rubbing my hand on his shaft while working on the tip with my mouth.

Then I focused under the tip of the cock where it is V-shaped. I started licking it like I was licking lollipop. I did this all the while jerking his cock. Then I cupped his balls and started playing with it.

Pretty soon he started to breath heavily and let out moans of pleasure. He gripped parts of the bedsheet tightly. I knew that he was on the edge.

For a moment, I thought of letting go and teasing him. That would give me more time to spend some more quality time with his penis. But, as it was my first time giving him blowjob, I thought that it might turn him off or something.

He came in my mouth while I was still working on the tip of his cock. It happened in less than 5 minutes. I swallowed some of his cum and let some other drip down on my face.

"You can go to sleep now son." He finally spoke. "We will talk about this in the morning."

It was a breathtaking experience for me. I went to bed thinking about what I had just done. I couldn't contain myself as I was still shaking with excitement. I knew I couldn't sleep properly that night.

I started jacking of to his scent. His taste was still in my mouth. I was masturbating furiously. After cumming three times that night, I went to sleep.

I was 10 am in the morning. Dad woke me up by shaking my head gently. I woke up in a hurry and realized that I slept naked through the night. A bitter smell of semen was also coming off from my body.

"Clean yourself and come down to the kitchen." He said and left my room.

I quickly took a shower and wore a the bare minimum that left a man to start imagining my body. I was nervous while I was walking down the stairs.

He told me to sit down in front of him. I sat down thinking about what was going to happen to me.

"Son, you know why I called you downstairs to talk to me." He started. "What happened last night was unexpected. I haven't been with a woman for a long time. Although I am your stepfather, it his highly inappropriate that we became lovers."

Did he just say lovers. My heart started racing quickly after hearing the word. I became flushed as I was unable to maintain eye contact with him.

"I never thought about being with another man before, let alone you." He kept talking. "But last night was a pleasurable experience for me. It being with you made the time more exciting. What you did to me made me feel quite good. Have you been preparing for this for some time."

I was still flushed and didn't realize that he asked me a question and expected an answer from me.

"I said, Have you been practicing for this?" He asked with a firm voice.

I was only able to nod shyly.

"You don't need to be ashamed honey," He said. "You were not so shy last night."

I was so excited after hearing this that I thought I was gonna pee.

"Now let me tell you what is going to happen. You and I are going to be very well acquainted from now on. You will do everything I tell you, you will eat what I tell you to eat and your whole life will go on with my command."

I started getting an erection after hearing this. All my dreams were coming true. I was going to be his.

"You will be my special little girl. But, Don't worry, I won't turn you into a drag queen or something. You will be my girl in private. As far as everyone else goes, they will still see you as a cute little boy."

I didn't care what he was gonna make me do. All I wanted was to be his own fuckboy. Right now my erection was out of control.

"From now on, you will keep servicing me as I see fit. Get up now." He commanded.

I stood up from the seat.

"Turn around and show me your ass." He kept talking.

I did as I was told and I put my buttcheeks on the table. I squeezed my right buttcheek and looked at him from above my shoulder.

His hands were under the table. He was rubbing his cock.

Turn around and show me how you pleasure yourself. I slowly turned around and stood straight up. Then I started rubbing my nipples from over my tank top. The clothe gave me an extra sensation. Then I put my hands underneath the tanktop to play with my nipples.

I was going really slow on purpose. I wanted him to stop me while I was playing with myself and have his way with me.

I showed him my nipples after 5 or more minutes. Then I started playing with them again.

I had been doing it for 15 minutes at least.

Then he told me to stop and said that he understood what I was made of and what he would do to me from then on.

I was a little confused with what that could mean.

Then he told me to get on the table and get on all fours.

To be honest, I was a little scared. I didn't think that we would get to fucking this soon.

"Are you going to fuck me." I asked him while still being nervous.

"No." He said. "I am going to take my time with you and have some fun."

This was too good to be true. Everything I could ever dream of was coming true.

He told me to keep my clothes on.

I didn't know what he planned for me.

After getting on the table, I got on all fours. Then finally he stood up. His magnificent cock was right in front of my face. I was awestruck. I was staring at his cock with wonder. I was such a beautiful piece of man-meat.

"What are you waiting for?" He said. "Go for it."

I had the green signal to go to town on the cock. I looked into his eyes and saw the lust he had for me now. It was nothing like last night.

I slowly kissed on the tip of his cock. Just like last night, I started working on the tip. But this time, our eyes were locked with each other. It felt more intimate.

I started licking all over the shaft. Once I made sure that his entire cock was nice and wet, I diverted my attention to his balls. I gently cupped his sensitive balls with my hands. Then I took them in my mouth and swirled my tongue all over it.

While I was working on his balls, he gently put his hands over my shoulders.

"Open your mouth wide and keep it that way," He said. "I am going to fuck your mouth."

I did as i was told. Then he positioned his cock inside my mouth properly. I put my tongue over my lower set of teeth and covered the upper set with my lips. I did this so that he doesn't have any trouble fucking my mouth.

This was the first time he was eagerly fucking me and I wanted this to be one of his best.

After teasing me for a while, he started moving forward. He slowly started to fuck my face. He kept this up for more than 10 minutes. Sadly, He couldn't go further than 4 inches in my mouth as I started gagging and spitting out saliva all over his cock.

After 10 minutes or so, he told me to start working on his cock as he was close to cumming.

As his cock was quite lubricated with my saliva, I started jacking him off with the tip of his head in my mouth.

"I'm going to cum soon." He said.

After saying that, he quickly shot his loads in my mouth. I was mesmerized with the amount of cum he spurted out since he came last night.

Without any instructions, I swallowed all of his cum.

"You are a nasty little slut, aren't you?" He said after seeing me swallow.

"Yes I am and I will be your little slut." I replied.

"From now on, you will call me daddy." He said.

"Yes daddy." I happily replied.

"We are going to have great time ahead."

Indeed we will...