 We cuddled in silence for a while. I felt fully relaxed, if not still a bit tipsy, enjoying the afterglow of my first penetration and the feeling of fullness in my bottom. There was a very slight breeze and the moon was illuminating the spa and deck. After a while I climbed out of the spa and went to bed where I slept soundly until morning. I woke up with mixed feelings. I still thought I was straight but I had conflicting thoughts about how much I enjoyed sex with a man. A part of me feared turning into a poofter but another part was enjoying gay sex so much that I wanted a lot more of it. I could still feel the sensation of having John's cock hard up my bottom, and I vividly recalled the sensation of gently sliding up and down his penis until I felt his cock throb and expand just before his cum squirted deep inside me. It felt glorious and, for me, was a major turning point. I decided that I should just let it happen and do whatever John wanted to do to me in the future. I would always be interested in women, or so I thought, but right now, it was making me a bit horny just thinking about sex with John. 

I was embarrassed and a bit shy when I finally got up. My bottom wasn't sore but I was walking a bit slowly. I'd never been buggered before and naturally needed loosening up to accommodate John's cock. I found him on the deck, reading the paper.

John sensed that I was a bit confused that morning so had a chat about all sorts of stuff, none of which related to sex. Early in the afternoon, when I seemed more relaxed, John told me that It had taken a bit of effort to penetrate me because my bottom was tight and it needed loosening up. He went over to the sideboard and brought back a rather large anal plug and told me to bend over the table with my legs apart. With a touch of lube, he inserted the plug right up my arse until it could go no further. He told me that I should wear it for the rest of the day. My cock immediately became stiff and I started panting. I needed sex and I was almost glad that it was going to be with a man. The next thing I knew was the sound of John's belt buckle hitting the floor, which was followed by his erect penis sliding up and down my crack. I was pleased to feel John caressing and stroking my stiff cock, masturbating me until I shot all over the deck floor. My long, strong spurts of cum told John that it was a wonderful orgasm and I could feel my anal sphincter straining around the base of the plug whilst it was in progress. Towards the end of my orgasm, a nice warm, wet feeling came all over the cheeks of my bottom along with a deep manly grunt. John had creamed my buttocks and I felt like a complete faggot. 

Later in the afternoon, John had some errands to do so I accompanied him. The road was slowly undulating and this made the anal plug come in and out slightly, which felt very different, but very erotic. John noticed this and saw the bulge of my erect penis though my baggy shorts. Pulling the car over, he told me to take my shorts down which I did, he then proceeded to give me one of the best head jobs I'd ever had, and much better than any women had given. It was glorious laying back in the car seat being while being sucked off by such a sexy, hairy man. A slight tear came to my eyes as I realised that every time I had sex with John I edged a bit closer to thinking of myself as a homo. 

A bit later, as we walked around the shopping centre it occurred to me that no one knew about my experimenting with sex with another man and, of course, the largish anal plug up my bottom which was stimulating me and making my cock slightly stiff again. 

John had big bull balls that produced lots of cum which I had found out needed regular emptying. It came as no surprise that later that evening I ended up with my shorts down around my ankles while being fucked again. This was better than the first time on the previous night as the plug had loosened me up a bit. The feeling of John's cock sliding rhythmically in and out was so pleasurable that I felt myself building up to an orgasm. I was moaning and sighing loudly when my cock started throbbing before shooting copious amounts of cum all over the leather armchair that I was leaning over in the study. While still enraptured by these sensations, John grunted and filled my bottom with more cum than I thought possible. After waiting until his cock became soft, he quickly withdrew and replaced the anal plug, trapping his cum inside me. I was a slut, and I loved it. 

The next day I realised I had not seen my parents for a while so thought I'd better pay them a visit. I had mixed emotions about this as I did not want to let on about my new sex life but feared that I had "gay" in neon lights on my forehead. Mum and dad were pleased to see me and wanted to know all my news. After chatting for a while my mind came to my new sex life and I became red faced. It took a lot of prompting from mum and dad but they finally got it out of me. I had tears in my eyes as I told them and was very frightened that they'd think less of me and reject me because I might be, at least, bi. 

To my surprise, they were thrilled with my news but, most of all, wanted to know if I was happy. We then had a very frank talk about things, but nothing too personal. They'd sent me to stay with John, hoping that I would come around to having sex with a man as I was leaving a trail of disaster with the women I had fucked, got pregnant and dumped. I went home very relieved with my parent's full support and felt much freer to explore sex with John. 

My parents understanding and encouragement made a big difference. They were more than happy for me to have sex with John, and other men if I wanted. As I was to find out, we had relations who were gay and John had helped some of them to find their way as well. 

I told John about my afternoon when I got back home and he thought we should celebrate. With that, we got dressed up and went to the same restaurant as before. This time, I wasn't offended about romanced by another man. Instead, I felt special, free to be myself and very horny as the evening wore on. Predictably, I drank most of the wine so was a bit unsteady on my feet and had a stiffy as we walked back to the car. All I could think of on the way home was his sexy, grey haired body, big fat cock, and hairy huge balls full of cum. He had to help me a bit as we walked inside the house and, once inside, I found my self pleading to be fucked. I was desperately horny and my only thoughts were of Johns big cock filling my bottom full of cum.

I was laying back on the sofa with my legs splayed apart when John started to undo my pants and then take them off. Moments later, he had his rigid penis hard up my arse pumping me firmly but steadily while masturbating me with his large, hairy hands. Oh fuck, this felt so right and I was sure anyone nearby could hear my loud moans and groans. My mind went back to my parents encouraging me and wanting me to have sex with men, which made me even more horny and receptive. John drew out the intercourse with me, slowing down as necessary. When he was ready, he kept on going and, masturbating me, timed it so well so that we both came together. I lay back on that sofa, pissed and fucked, but very, very happy.

That night was the night I started to feel really free to be myself and forget any notions of masculinity. Although I still thought about women I realised that those ideas were beginning to become fewer and fewer and my idea of sex was more centred around cocks and big manly, hairy and sexy bodies with cocks full of cum. John was turning me into a fag and it didn't worry me.