 The content of this story is based on actual events that have taken place in the previous few years of my life.

I'm now a forty year old business man, married with a two children, I spend most of my time in business suits, drinking coffee in business meetings and driving the UK having business meeting. I'm an attractive man who has never had difficulty with the women and has been very happy with the quality and quantity of women I have had the pleasure of. I'm just under six foot tall, athletic with blue eyes and grey hair and am more than happy with my 7" best friend

As a travelling business professional I have become increasingly aware of activities taking place in some local lay-bys near to where I live, whereby similar travelling people to myself were meeting up to enjoy the anonymous pleasures of each other, and for the vast majority it was mature men with other mature men, similar to myself.

I have I first noticed it a few years ago and it ignited those homosexual thoughts most people have at some point in their life. I would sit and watch as cars would come and go and some of the drivers would disappear into the bushes and reappear some ten or fifteen minutes later. It soon became apparent what was going on and the more I observed the hornier I became until I knew that sooner or late I would need to partake.

I revisited the very same lay-by on more occasions and watched intently and studied how things work and who to approach and who not, some days I would openly sit and masturbate as cars slowly drove past, knowing that although my hard cock was fully exposed most drivers would not be able to see my handy work.

Finally the day came when my urges became so strong and the opportunity seemed so right that I took my first nervous step into sharing the pleasure with another man. I would always sit at the far end of the lay-by just after entering it, this enabled me to see the entire strip and also I felt less conscious there. I watched as an MG roadster cruised in and parked right behind me, the gentlemen pulled in and once stopped flashed his break lights a couple of times to indicate his interest and availability. 

Nervously I jumped out of my car and approached his near side, with his hood being down I made some small talk about how beautiful his car was and all the time I spoke he was fidgeting with the bulge in his pants, my own dick was stirring and I questioned him on "having a little difficulty" he smiled and said he was, I asked if he wanted to go somewhere else to "sort it out"

Quickly I followed David (his name that I only found out as I left) to a nearby quiet place and he joined me in my car. Nervously I opened my suit trousers and was thrilled to expose my hard dick to my new buddy, I was so excited I knew it wouldn't take much to make me come so I set about achieving the very thing I desired.

I was so keen to feel another mans hard cock that with shaking hands I wrestled with his belt and then his suit, raising his hips David pushed down his trousers and there it was, not very big but a beautiful hard dick, still shaking I reached out and caressed his shaft and toyed with his foreskin, rubbing my thumb over his slit I felt the soft wetness of his precum and the next thing I now I was actually wanking another man off. David returned the favour and in only a matter of five or ten minutes I was shooting my hot cum all over the place, I wanted to make David cum but for some reason he decided to finish himself off quickly and then he was gone.

Looking back that evening I was disappointed not to have been responsible for David ejaculation and also the desire to suck another man off was the real big one for me and one still to fulfil, so this was only the beginning of my story.

My next encounter was a few months later, the same lay-by only later in the day, just turning dark. A Silver Mercedes E class pulled up behind me and again flashed his lights, I responded with a flash of my own and moments later a young handsome gentlemen was sat beside me, His name was Andrew and was very well presented, we chit chatted about nothing and the conversation quickly turned to our reason for being there, quickly Andrew was at my belt and in no time at all my stiff cock was wrapped in his warm fingers. Unlike last time I was more relaxed and pushed my trousers and pants down to my feet, I loved the view of my beautiful hard cock being slowly wanked by his fine manicured hands and that image is still strong in my mind now four years on.

Not wanting to be too indulgent I probed for his buckle and told Andrew that I wanted to return the favour, with a little help I was suddenly faced with the most beautiful dick imaginable, not fully hard it was about eight inches long and thick!

"Oh wow" was all I could say but inside was thinking that this is more of what I desired, a big fat dick to play with and one that was definitely going to end up in my mouth. Slowly I caressed and squeezed him to full hardness and so for the next few minutes we sat back and admired the spectacle of two grown me tossing each other off.

"Do you know what I really like" Andrew asked

"No" I replied "but I think you should tell me"

"This" was his response and he moved over and went down on my throbbing dick. Well as you can imaging I was in heaven, not only because I was being sucked off by this immaculate horny guy but because the way he lay allowed me to lean over him and get even closer to his beautiful tool. My dick was as hard as it had ever been in my forty years and his mouth was doing the most exquisite things, like my first experience I felt the need to slow thing down and so decided to take matters into my own hands, or mouth I should say.

"Slow down" I whispered "I want to do you" and with that he sat back up and we pushed his trousers and pants down past his knees, this was the moment I had dreamed about for quite some time now and I was so pleased that it was this particular occasion, he was immaculate and his dick was magnificent. He was dark and reasonably hairy similar to me but most noticeable was the thickness of his dick, slowly I moved closer until suddenly I could smell the familiar smell of sex, flicking out my tongue I tasted the precum and took a sideways look up at Andrews face, without waiting for a response and for my own personal desire I took his thick knob into my mouth and gave my first ever blow job.

Oh, how horny did I feel, my mouth stretched over his swollen glands whilst my fingers gently pulled on his foreskin, sucking, licking, tasting, I was in heaven, my own dick being slowly pumped by his right hand and getting nearer to orgasm. I continued my self indulgent delivery with the satisfaction of hearing Andrews moans turn into heavy groans and soon his hips we lifting to meet my mouth as I devoured his beautiful cock.

I wanted to make him cum and I had decided if he was going to cum then I wanted to experience the thrill of taking his full load in my mouth, without any slowing down I began to take him deeper into my mouth whilst increasing my wrist action and it was clear that he was about to shoot. Like a dirty old whore I was slurping and sucking on his dick knowing the imminent outcome was about to happen and happen big time, and boy was it worth waiting for.

Andrew was by now bucking and humping my mouth as I sucked him deep and suddenly his whole body began to shake as deep inside he let go of his load. Suddenly his posture changed and thrust his hip high and forward allowing me maximum exposure to his dick and balls and with one final tug I closed my lips tight around his solid mass of meat and felt his glands explode into my mouth. Oh boy, what a feeling, I loved it!

I was amazed at the feeling of him releasing what seemed like masses of hot spunk into my waiting mouth at that moment I knew that this would not be the first and only time I swallowed hot cum in my life. Waiting until Andrew had given me his all my desired returned to my own very hard and excited dick, in only a few seconds he was returning the favour and moments later I too let go of what seemed like a real heavy load of sperm. 

Suddenly it was all over and suddenly he was gone, I wished I'd have taken a number form him but didn't. Driving back home to my wife and family was a strange feeling, a little guilt was felt for being involved in such activities in a public lay-by but overwhelmingly was the feeling of fulfilling one of only a few sexual activities that had yet to be accomplished.

My next incident was with a guy I met through a sex dating site and to be honest it was a disappointment. I arranged for this guy to come to my hotel room whilst I was away on business. I was excited because I really wanted to get naked with a horny guy and feel comfortable in my surrounding, also I wanted to do a 69 and suck and play with his balls but as it turned out the guy had a very small penis and was just too camp for me. I guess I am more comfortable with similar guys to myself. Anyway this guy was more interested in wrestling that anything else so I felt the evening was a disappointment and it really put a damper on my desires.

Coming in Chapter 2, I find a new lay-by and reignite my desires.