 I slept very soundly that night. It was a combination of the alcohol and that I was feeling more comfortable about being bi. I woke up with a stiff cock and was feeling very horny which was probably partly due to the erotic dreams I had had overnight about sucking off men with big cocks. 

Despite this, I still thought I was only bi and that I'd probably go back to women at some point. This had come up in my chats with John who had started taking steps to get me away from these undesirable thoughts and suggested I go have a talk with our local priest to help resolve my lingering moral concerns. 

Father Jones looked to be in his late 50s and was tall, with a bit of a paunch. We sat down on the comfy dark green upholstered club chairs in his study where he gradually eased me onto the subject of gay sex. He had a grin on his face when I told him that I was bi, not gay. He said that the churches thinking had changed and that straight, bi or gay was quite normal and sex was there to be enjoyed. He then said that he'd like to test me and, with that, brought out some pornographic magazines. The straight ones were somewhat arousing but the gay ones made me get a stiffy. My cock was straining against my pants and I had to wriggle a bit in an effort to get more comfortable. Father Jones then told me that, from my reaction, I was probably gay but just hadn't accepted it yet. He leant back in his chair and started to undo his cassock which revealed that he had nothing on underneath except for his white Y fronts. When he saw that I was a bit nervous he told me that it was all right and to just relax and let it happen. 

After taking off his underpants, he stood up and walked towards me, telling me to stand up. By this time my cock was straining for release and I did as I was told. Father slowly undid my pants, took off my shoes, and pulled down my underpants. After stepping out of them he embraced me and looked me straight in the eyes. I was so worked up that I just melted into his arms and didn't hesitate to respond when he kissed me passionately and deeply with his tongue exploring my mouth. I could feel his erect, hairy, penis rubbing against my stomach and it felt so normal and right. It was at this moment that I threw all thoughts about still being attracted to women to one side. I was absolutely, and unquestionably, gay and the quicker I accepted this the happier and less anxious I'd be. In between our kisses, I asked, no, pleaded with him to fuck me, and fuck me he did. As I lay back on the blanket that he placed over his desk I looked up to see him walking slowly towards me with his menacing looking, rigid cock which was surrounded by graying, thick hair. On reaching me, he placed his knob against my opening, rubbing it around and up and down my crack, teasing me. I was so worked up by then that it was hard to keep still. Eventually, he lubed up his cock and applied pressure against my anus. When he started to penetrate me, I let out a moan of relief. With my legs draped over his shoulders, I hung onto the edge of the desk and was in seventh heaven, so to speak. He started pumping in and out in a pleasantly forceful and deliberate manner and each time he went all the way in, I felt his big hairy balls hit my bottom. It just didn't get better that this and I felt like a real slut. 

I was a bit worried that my panting and moaning would be heard by the housekeeper who was about but Father told me not to worry. When I suddenly felt his cock expand and start to throb, I knew he was about to fill me with his cum, and cum he did with strong, powerful, smooth jets that I felt deep inside. Father Jones didn't pull his cock out straight away but stayed deeply imbedded, enjoying the afterglow. I thought that that might be the end of it but, after pulling out, he leaned forwards and started to suck my cock. He could accommodate the whole length in his mouth and it wasn't long before I couldn't hold back and came in long jets. He was such a wonderful cock sucker. 

Our session had finished and so it was time to go home and, even as I was putting my clothes on I could feel the cum starting to leak out of my bottom. The housekeeper caught my eye on the way out and she had a slight, knowing grin on her face. I really was turning into a faggot. 

John was standing, looking out from the verandah when I walked in and when asked how I had got on, my faced went red. The smirk on his face said it all as did the wet patch at the back of my pants. He came over to me and, for the first time, gave me a wonderful passionate kiss and reaching down, undid the zippers on both our pants. He placed his heavy, hardening penis through the zipper hole of my pants and, pushing my underpants down a bit, started to rub it around inside. It wasn't long before it started to throb and get really stiff. Being a heavy cummer, I could feel his hot cum spurting against my stomach, dripping down all over my cock and balls then into my crotch, thoroughly soaking my pants. It felt amazingly good. I might be a homo but it felt so manly and fulfilling having sex with another man. At that moment, I realised that heterosexuality was definitely a thing of the past for me and, although I still struggled a bit with the idea, I was actually homosexual. For the first time, the idea of having sex with a women didn't really interest me that much. 

As I looked back, I realized that I had been in denial and on a mission to prove something to myself and everyone else, causing much heartache and grief to others in the process. I still liked women's bodies and their lovely, warm cunts but sex with them just wasn't as lust filled and fulfilling as sex with other men. The feeling of a hard, hairy male body against mine and being able to touch a soft penis and feel it stiffen in your hand was so sexy and erotic in a way that was absent with women. The idea of stroking, cuddling and caressing a man made me so very horny that it was becoming hard to stop thinking about it. Father Jones had helped me to accept that a man having sex with another man was normal and it was okay to prefer men. 

Tomorrow was going to be a busy day. John had plans.