 When I was twenty, I moved to another town to start my college studies, after having done a few small jobs in the years in between. It was a large city, so not easy to find housing, but I thought myself lucky to have found a room with the Summers. They were a very nice couple in the early sixties and lived in the middle of the city.

My room was a small one next to the toilet at the back of their spacious apartment. I was not to muscular at the time, had quite long hair, and no face hair at all, so looked a bit feminine to say the least. 

It was Mr Summers that interviewed me when I came by. He immediately said he liked me, and after a short quick chat with his tall wife, with flowing long grey hair, they told me I could have the room. I moved in the next day and felt like a prince. Mrs Summers was still working as a business lawyer, whereas Mr Summers was mostly at home during the days. 

When I got back from college, early one afternoon, I found him sitting naked in the living room, watching a porn movie. I looked on for a little while and was surprised that it was a gay movie. Three naked guys were going wild on the screen. I felt myself grow hard as well.

Suddenly Mr Summers called out to me. He must have heard me coming in, and sensed that I was watching.

"Come on in Ted and join me!"

I stepped into the living room, and he smiled broadly at me. He sat holding his giant hard cock in his right hand, and a glass of beer in the other. 

"Arousing isn't it?"

I just nodded.

"Get naked son!"

He said it without smiling, and more like a command. I hesitated.

"Come now! Now that you've moved in with us you might just as well help a bit with the chores of the house, right?"

"Eh, I suppose," I replied lamely.

"Well then - get naked!"

The guys on the screen were sucking each other off. I had a raging hard on and felt very embarrassed as I pulled my t-shirt over my head and slowly unzipped my jeans. One of the men just short a huge load in the youngest man's mouth.

"Yes, that´s it, Ted. Show me your cock. Are you turned on?"

Soon I stood all naked watching the TV. Mr Summers rose and came up to me. He stroked my arm and then suddenly grabbed hold of my cock. 

"Those guys and their cocks, are clearly making you horny Ted."

I just nodded. His hand on my cock felt incredibly warm and good. He let his own hard cock rub against my hip.

He turned me a little, so I stood facing the TV, with him behind me. Then he stepped away for a short while, but then stepped up close behind me. I felt his cock sneak in between my ass cheeks. It felt incredibly erotic. He reached around me, and only now did I realize he had a rope in his hands. He proceeded to tie my upper arms tight to my chest, leaving my lower arms free. He then wrapped the rope a few times around my waist and proceeded to tie up my cock. 

Two of the men in the movie were just doing the same to the third guy. The older man in the movie, proceeded to ejaculate all over the tied young man's chest.

When Mr Summers was done, he pushed me gently down on my knees.

The two men in the movie, dressed up and then carried the naked tied-up third man out of the house. 

"I love having you tied up like this Ted. I think you will enjoy staying with us, and I am sure we will as well. Do you see what those guys are doing to the young man?"

"Yes?"

Mr Summers stood in front of me, and slowly played with his cock in front of my face.

The guys carried the tied up third man out to a taxi and placed him in the back seat and waived him off.

Mr Summers caressed my hair and face. He had lost a bit of hair, but still had quite a lot of grey long hair left. He had a small beer belly but was overall in very good shape. I looked up at him.

"I will do a deal with you Ted. I'll give you a little rebate on your rent for helping me out ..."

He caressed my lips with his thumb, and before I knew it, he had pushed it in. I sat sucking on his thumb, as he smilingly caressed his cock with his other hand.

"Do you want to taste my cock, boy?"

I just nodded.

He pulled out his thumb.

"Tell me. I want to hear you say it. How much do you want it?"

"I really want to suck your cock Mr Summers," I blurted out. 

My heart was racing.

"That's a good tenant."

He laughed as he brought his cock to my lips.

I opened my mouth, and he pushed the head inside. He tasted manly and musky, but not bad.

He held my head, as he caressed himself with his other hand.

"Oh, yes boy, here it comes," he announced within short.

I suddenly felt my mouth filled with his warm seed. It was warm and silky, and tasted minerally and salty but good. I had wondered many times what it would be like, and had watched good number of videos, but here I was experiencing the real thing. And, I liked it.

I swallowed it all down.

Mr Summers finally pulled out and wiped his cock over my face, with a big grin on his face.

"Thanks. You are going to be a great cock sucker."

Just then Mr Summers mobile rang, and he picked it up.

"Hi Honey. Yes, it's been a great day! Oh, you're soon home? Lovely! See you!"

He put the phone down and pulled me up on my feet again.

He leaned over and whispered in my ear;

"Tomorrow I'll show you what they do with the young man after the taxi ride, and I just might do the same with you."

I still had a raging hard on, and as Mr Summers untied me, he chuckled.

"I think you had better quickly go back to your room and relieve yourself, cock sucker, before you come right here."

He slapped my ass, and I grabbed my clothes and went to my room. I proceeded to caress myself, as I heard Mrs Summers come home together with some friends. Within short, I exploded in the wildest climax I had ever had. But even then, I still felt aroused. I couldn't wait until tomorrow.