 Kyle woke up to the sound of rain against the window. Slowly, he opened his eyes. As his blurred vision began to focus, he found himself staring into a pair of dark green eyes. Dean was propped up on one elbow, a warm yet slightly wicked smile on his face, looking down at Kyle. Yesterday came rushing back to him.

It had been a memorable day and an even more memorable night. He had come out to his mother and stepdad, then to his roommate Dean whom he was head over heels in love with. Later that night, after returning to their room from a party, Dean had kissed him and said he loved him. And they had made love. The experience had been so intense, it felt to Kyle as though their bodies were still joined. He felt strange: feverish... but in a good way. Very good.

Kyle smiled back at Dean.

"Hey," Dean said.

"Hey. How long have you been awake?"

"Oh..." He looked at the clock. "An hour maybe. I've just been lying here admiring the view." His smile widened "It's absolutely stunning."

Kyle chuckled.

"Really? It's not bad from this angle, either."

"It couldn't possibly compare to what I'm seeing. In fact, I think I'll lean in for a closer look."

Carefully, Dean rolled onto Kyle, lowering his head so their lips could meet and their tongues began a slow, sweet dance.

It only figures that such a tender moment would be interrupted by their friends Juan and Ray, barging in. However, they stopped dead in their tracks when they caught sight of Dean and Kyle, their mouths falling open.

"Damn!"

Kyle's face turned tomato-red, while Dean just glared at the intruders.

"Uhhm... we were going for something to eat and were wondering if you guys wanted to come with. But, ah... I can see you're busy, so... I guess not." Juan's voice was full of restrained laughter.

"That's right, so would you mind getting the hell out?" Dean growled.

"But, of course," Ray snorted. "Come on, Juan. Let's leave the sweethearts alone."

They made their exit, shaking with laughter. Dean sighed with relief when the door closed behind them, but after just a second it opened again, and Ray's head appeared.

"You want us to bring you back sandwiches or something?"

"Fuck off!"

Dean grabbed a pillow and threw it in the direction of Ray, who swiftly disappeared and the door closed. Dean looked down at Kyle, who had covered his face with his hands.

"Kyle? I'm sorry, I must've forgotten to lock the door last night. I kinda had other things on my mind. I'm really sorry."

Kyle was beginning to shake. Dean worriedly pulled Kyle's hands away from his face and saw with relief that Kyle was laughing. He threw himself down on the bed and began laughing as well.

"Oh, man..." he chuckled, wiping a tear from the corner of his eye. "I guess that saves us the trouble of telling them about us. Or anyone else for that matter. Those loudmouths will probably tell every person they meet what they just saw."

"Yeah..."

Kyle looked towards the window. The sky was a dull, greyish white and there were thin, silvery streaks of rain on the windowpane, but Kyle thought he had never seen a more beautiful day in his life. He snuggled up against Dean and sighed happily.

"Can't we just stay like this forever?"

"Well, I wouldn't mind," Dean laughed softly, "but then I would have to scrap my plans."

"What plans?"

"I was thinking..." Dean leaned down to quickly kiss Kyle's lips, "...that we could go on a date."

Kyle looked surprised.

"Oh... date."

"Yeah, date. You know, what couples do: go out together in public and have fun. Besides," Dean began nibbling on Kyle's earlobe. "I really want to show off my new boyfriend."

Kyle's eyes suddenly started sparkling and his lips spread in a blinding grin. Dean swallowed and could feel himself begin to harden.

"Damn, he's so cute..." he thought.

Kyle moved down a little and started kissing Dean's neck.

"Dean?" he whispered. "Say 'boyfriend' again."

Dean snorted with laughter. He moved on top of Kyle and whispered in between kisses:

"My gorgeous... adorable... sexy... boyfriend."

He gently spread Kyle's legs and slipped his hand inside, stroking the inside of his thigh. Kyle closed his eyes and sighed softly. Dean was just about to move down to take his right nipple in his mouth when his eyes fell on the clock on the nightstand.

"Ah, shit!" he groaned.

"What is it?"

Dean sighed and rolled off Kyle.

"I have some books of Sam's and I promised to return them this morning before he leaves for work. He really needs them."

"Okay." Kyle smiled and gently bit his shoulder. "Hurry up, then."

Dean hauled himself out of bed and started getting dressed, silently cursing Sam.

******

"Oh, great! Thanks," Sam said as he opened the door at Dean's knock. "I thought you'd forgotten."

"Almost," Dean said, breathing heavily from having hurried. "Well... I'll talk to you later. See ya, man," he said, turning to go, but Sam stopped him by clapping his hand on his shoulder.

"So," he said cheerfully. "What's new?"

Dean rolled his eyes, shaking his head.

"Talked to Ray or Juan, did you?"

"They texted me," Sam said with a slight smile.

"They're a pair of fucking gossips," Dean groaned. "I'll be surprised if they don't put out fliers."

"Look, Dean..." Sam folded his arms over his chest. "You're serious about Kyle, right?"

Dean stared at him.

"What the hell do you think? Of course I am! I love him."

"But you haven't told him yet, have you? About... you know. Your past? What you used to be like?"

Dean didn't say anything for moment. He just looked at Sam with an expression that was almost scared.

"I'm not like that anymore," he said finally.

"I know that, man" Sam said calmly. "But I think you should tell him about it, before he hears about it from someone else and he will wonder why you never mentioned it yourself."

Dean looked down at his feet and nodded. Sam had a point.

"Look, I'm not trying to stick my nose in your business," Sam said, picking up his jacket and locking his door. "You and Kyle are both my friends and I don't want either of you to get hurt. I think you would be good together."

"Thanks," Dean said, walking with Sam down the hall. "So do I."

******

Kyle stepped in the shower, smiling contentedly as the warm water fell over his skin. He ducked his head under the spray and let the water soak his black hair as he poured some shower gel into his hand and rubbed it over his chest. The memory of Dean's hands sliding over his body, slowly caressing him sent a delicious shiver down his back.

Everything had happened so fast he felt slightly dizzy. And a little scared. Every part of his life had, very suddenly, fallen into place. It could just as suddenly fall apart like a house of cards.

Kyle mentally shrugged as he washed the shower gel off his body. Big changes were always scary. The key was to not overthink it. If his heart was safe with anyone, it was with Dean. 

******

The sight that greeted Dean when he returned almost made him moan out loud. Kyle was lying naked in bed, covers draped over his hips, teasingly concealing the lower part of his body. One arm was raised over his head, resting on the pillow, and he was looking at Dean with a smouldering expression in his eyes.

"Welcome back," he purred seductively.

"Damn," Dean croaked. "Have you stayed in bed this whole time?"

"Well, I took a shower, but then I got back to bed to wait for you. I thought we could pick up where we left off."

"You read my mind, babe," Dean smiled. "I brought us sandwiches, but I guess I'm not that hungry yet. Not for food, anyway."

He dumped the bag unceremoniously unto a chair and walked over to the bed, quickly stripping off his clothes without taking his eyes off Kyle. Standing there naked, he paused for a second, feeling a lump in his throat as he stared at his beautiful lover, waiting for him to get in bed.

"Mine," he thought. "Finally mine."

Dean reached out and pulled back the covers, swearing under his breath at the sight of the smooth, aroused body being revealed. Climbing in, he carefully positioned himself on top of Kyle, between his spread legs. Brushing back a strand of Kyle's black hair from his forehead, he smiled at the adorable face beneath him.

"I love you, Kyle."

Kyle took Dean's left hand and kissed the palm.

"I love you, too."

Leaning down, Dean brushed his lips against Kyle's, then pressed down more firmly. Simultaneously their mouths opened, tongues sliding alongside each other as their bodies did the same. Dean rubbed his shaft against Kyle's, moving away from his mouth to kiss and suck on the side of his neck. Kyle moaned, pushing his hips up as he fastened one hand in Dean's hair, the other gripping his shoulder.

"Dean..." he panted as Dean sucked on his neck hard enough to leave a hickey. "Let me try... with my mouth... I want to... suck you."

Groaning, Dean rolled over pulling Kyle on top of him. Licking his lips, Kyle began kissing his way down Dean's chest, not stopping until he reached the hard cock lying flat against Dean's stomach. His hand trembled a little as he reached out for it, but he didn't hesitate when he brought it to his mouth and put his lips to the head, tongue slipping out to trace the slit. Dean made an odd, choked noise. Kyle looked up and saw that Dean had propped himself up on his elbows, eyes glued to what Kyle was doing.

Taking the head fully into his mouth, Kyle swirled his tongue around it, then applied a little suction as he went further down. He began bobbing his head, working his lips and tongue against the shaft, the increasing the suction slightly. He took as much of it as possible inside his mouth, and used his hand on the rest. Dean was moaning and panting heavily, whispering encouragements:

"Oh, yeah... just like that... so good. So damn good. Oh, god..."

Kyle moved faster, moving his hand at the same pace as he moved his mouth. Dean's breathing quickened.

"Babe... I'm gonna come..." he panted.

Kyle kept up, moving a little faster. Dean fell back against the pillows. He couldn't hold back any longer; closing his eyes and grabbing fistfuls of the sheets, he emptied his come into Kyle's warm mouth, moaning loudly.

Moving back, Kyle managed to swallow most of Dean's release, but he choked a little and some of it trickled out onto his chin. Kyle crawled up the bed and laid down next to Dean, who was doing his best to regain normal breathing. Rolling over onto his side, Dean reached out and took Kyle in his arms. Noticing the semen that still clung to his chin, Dean wiped it off with his fingers, feeling his spent cock twitch weakly when Kyle took the fingers into his mouth, sucking them clean.

Kissing Kyle lightly, Dean whispered against his lips:

"That was... amazing."

Kyle smiled.

"Now you've been inside me in every way."

Dean buried his face in Kyle's neck, making a sound that was like a cross between a chuckle and a sob.

"You say such fucking sexy things, sometimes," he murmured, his voice muffled against Kyle's skin. Then a grin spread across his face. "But... actually, that's not exactly true. There's one way left."

"There is?"

"Mmhmm... I'll show you," Dean replied, nibbling his neck, but then stopped as a sudden sound reached his ears. Dean and Kyle blinked at each other in a moment of confusion, then they both glared at Kyle's cellphone on the nightstand, buzzing and blaring out the theme from 'Death Note'. Dean flopped back on the bed with a sigh.

"Aw, man... Don't answer it. Just turn it off."

"It's Sadie. She was about to break up with her boyfriend last night." Kyle made an apologetic face. "I told her to call if she needed to talk."

"Okay... go ahead," Dean smiled.

Kyle grabbed the phone and answered it.

"Hey, what's up? Oh... don't cry... I'll be right over, okay? Okay, just sight tight. Bye."

He turned to Dean, nibbling worriedly on his lower lip.

"Dean, she's really upset, I..."

Dean silenced him with a quick kiss.

"It's okay. I understand. You're just being a good friend. Just as long as I have your undivided attention tonight."

"I promise. And..." Kyle traced Dean's lower lip with his finger. "...remember to show me that... other thing tonight."

Dean laughed.

"It will be my pleasure, gorgeous."

******

Kyle smiled sympathetically at Sadie when she opened the door. She was a famous beauty at campus, but she didn't look at all like herself. Her mouth, usually smiling was now turned sadly down, the dark brown skin on her lovely, oval face was streaked with tears and she was dressed in baggy, shapeless clothes.

"He came for his stuff this morning," she mumbled as Kyle hugged her. "I should have burned it. The son of a bitch. He cheated on me."

"So you said," Kyle said, moving her to sit on the bed. "Who was it? Do you know?"

"More like who wasn't it," she huffed angrily. "Every willing thing with tits."

Besides Dean, Kyle considered Sadie his closest friend. They met at an art class, and hit it off right away. She was a wonderful girl, but sadly enough she had a lousy taste in men. This was the third time she'd caught a boyfriend cheating.

"I'm really sorry, Sadie," Kyle said as she leaned her head against his shoulder.

"My own fault," she sniffed. "I knew he was no good. I just never trust my instincts. I get blinded by the packaging." A ghost of a smile appeared on her lips. "In my defense, though, he did have a very impressive package."

They laughed together. Sadie grabbed a tissue and wiped her face.

"I'm gonna get revenge on his ass. I'll go find him, slip him something, and when he's passed out I'll write OUT OF ORDER on his wang with permanent marker."

"No you won't," Kyle laughed. "You always say you'll get revenge, but you never do. You're too sweet."

"Yeah, I know." 

She grabbed a bag of jellybeans, picked out a few and threw them into her mouth. Kyle shook his head when she offered him some. Shrugging, she picked out a couple more and chewed with relish.

"Hey," she said, turning to him. "Why don't we go out tonight, just you and I? Have fun, dance a little and get shitfaced on shooters?"

"I'm sorry, I can't," Kyle murmured, coloring a little. "I have a date."

"Oh, yeah? And who's the little bitch who has the nerve hogging you when I'm depressed?" Sadie demanded, nudging him with her elbow. Smiling, Kyle looked down at his hands.

"Dean."

Sadie stopped chewing her jellybeans and stared at him.

"Dean's the little bitch?" she asked after a few seconds. Kyle started laughing loudly. "Kyle... are you gay?" she continued. 

"Yes!" Kyle said, shaking and doubling up with laughter. "I'm so gay!"

The corners of Sadie's mouth began twitching. She began laughing too, so hard that she dropped the bag of jellybeans and the contents spilled over the floor in a multicolored cascade, which only made them laugh harder.

"When did this happen?" Sadie asked, then began laughing again. "Not you being gay, I mean... ha ha... you and Dean?"

Still chuckling, Kyle wiped a tear from the corner of his eye.

"Last night... after the party." He smiled happily at her. "We love each other, Sadie."

"I'm glad at least one of us has good luck with men," she grinned. She got a slightly perverted look on her face. "So? Did you...?" Kyle blushed. "Ah, you did! Come on, let's hear all the nasty details!"

"Forget it, Sadie! That's personal."

"Mean," she pouted. "But you did manage to cheer me up. Thanks."

"Anytime. Sorry we can't go out."

"Don't worry about it. I'll just stay here, binge on candy and watch a couple of movies, then call Ben and call him a son of a bitch. I'll be as good as new tomorrow. You just have fun, and tell Dean from me that if he doesn't treat you right I'm gonna kick his ass."

"Okay," Kyle laughed, hugging her.

******

It was almost time to go out. Standing in front of the mirror in the bathroom, Kyle carefully tried to arrange his hair to look artfully messy. He had spent some time choosing clothes, and had decided on a midnight blue shirt with black jeans, and a black leather bracelet Dean had given him once. He thought he looked pretty good, and hoped he wouldn't look too bad standing next to Dean. Dean looked fantastic no matter what he wore.

Stepping out of the bathroom, he took one look at Dean and felt like melting into a puddle. Somehow, he looked sexier than ever. He was dressed in a black polo shirt with epaulette straps on the shoulders, faded black jeans and the scuffed pair of Dr Martens he always wore. His green eyes gleamed as he looked at Kyle.

They didn't say anything for a few seconds, then simultaneously they stepped up to each other and crushed their mouths together.

"Screw the date," Dean panted in between kisses. "Let's just stay here so I can ravage you."

"No way," Kyle laughed. "This was your idea, so now... we are going out."

"Me and my big mouth."

"Well... we don't have to stay out too late, do we?"

"Fuck no."

******

They went for dinner at a small Chinese place that they both liked, then went to see a movie. It was supposed to be a comedy, but hardly anyone was laughing. It was possibly the worst movie either of them had ever seen. But they had fun together, quietly heckling it and discreetly touching each other.

After the movie they decided to go for a few drinks at one of their regular places. Only a few minutes after arriving there they saw Sam, Juan and Ray walking through the front door. They were tactful enough, though, not to sit down at their table, but not tactful enough to refrain from staring with moronic grins from their seats a few tables over, and laughing when Dean glared at them.

When Kyle went to the bathroom Dean ordered another beer and a shot of tequila, which he swallowed right away. Seeing Sam had reminded him of their conversation this morning, and that there was still something he needed to talk to Kyle about. It was best to get it out of the way as soon as possible, but he was nervous. There was this special look Kyle had in his eyes whenever he looked at Dean. Like he was the most wonderful person in existence. He was scared that Kyle wouldn't look at him like that anymore once he'd told him about his past.

When Kyle returned they danced for a while, then sat down again. Kyle raised his eyebrows when Dean quickly downed more shooters.

"Don't you think you should slow down?"

"What for?" Dean grinned. "I'm fine. You should speed up, instead. You've been nursing that beer for twenty minutes."

A tall, blonde guy passing their table stopped suddenly.

"Hey, Kyle! Long time no see!"

"Josh!" As Kyle got up and hugged him, Dean felt a flash of jealousy surge through his body. He glared darkly at the guy called Josh.

"How have you been?" Josh asked Kyle.

"I've been great. You?"

"Same shit, different day. Mom got remarried for the second time yesterday. To a guy five years older than me."

"Wow," Kyle smiled.

"Yeah. Who's your friend?"

Kyle turned to Dean with a proud smile which made Dean's jealousy settle.

"This is my boyfriend, Dean."

Josh shook Dean's hand.

"Nice to meet you. You're a lucky bastard. He is one talented kisser."

Kyle became red as a beet and Dean had to clench his fists to keep from wrapping them around Josh's throat and throttle him.

Someone called Josh's name from the door.

"Look, I gotta go, my date's waiting for me. It was great seeing you, Kyle."

"Yeah, see you."

As Josh hurried away Dean turned to Kyle.

"Who the fuck was that prick? 'Talented kisser'?!'

"He's the son of my stepdad's co-worker. We used to hang out sometimes, a couple of years back. And..." Kyle looked embarrassed. "...we kissed once. But I wasn't really into him."

"And that was all it was?"
