 (This is a continuation of a series ...)

***

I was twenty at the time. I had started college in another city and rented a room with Mr and Mrs Summers. They were very a very nice couple in the early sixties. He was tall and in great shape for his age, with tight cropped hair and a broad chest. Mrs Summers was about 1.75 cm tall with long flowing grey hair, a great body and a wide sensual mouth. They were very welcoming, and immediately made me feel at home.

I was slim back then, with slightly long brown hair and hardly any facial hair. 

Within short, Mr Summers found out that I was into both women and men, but mainly the latter, and he decidedly took advantage of it. He quickly had me under his control, and we made a deal where I got a little "rebate" on my rent for "a little help here and there" and for allowing him to introduce me to his friends.

After our first encounter at home, he had taken me to a meeting with one of his old business associates. It turned out to be a very daring and erotic meeting. Afterwards we had agreed to meet at lunchtime at a restaurant at the outskirts of town.

I arrived a little late, having relaxed in a park and having dunk two beers. He and his three friends were already seated at a table, on the terrace of a small Italian restaurant, when I arrived. There was a fabulous view of the town, with the narrow terrace running along one side, but there weren't too many people there, only three other businessmen.

He introduced his friends as Karl Hamilton, George McNelly and Magnus Sörensen. The first two were in their early thirties, whereas Magnus was slightly older - maybe just about to turn fifty. But what was more Mrs Summers was also there, and a beautiful brunette of my age. I smiled and greeted them both, and Mrs Summers smiled back in a sheepish way. The brunette, who introduced herself as Kate X, blinked twice. What did she know? We all shook hands, and as we sat down, the waiter, who introduced himself as Jonas - took our drink orders. I order white wine, like the others.

I sat listening as they small-talked and caught-up on business and family matters. They clearly all knew one another very well.

"How was your day?" Mrs Summers asked giggling a little.

"Eh, very good. Very good indeed," I stammered back, feeling my cheeks get red.

The waiter came with the wine and the water, and as he poured my glass, I felt him pressing himself against my arm. I felt his half erect cock through his thin black cotton pants. They all smiled, as I looked up at Jonas and around the table, and I realize it is not by chance. 

He leaves and comes back with some nibbles; olives, nuts and crackers and some salsa sauces to dip some vegetables into. As he does it, he again manages to caress his cock against my arms. He intensified his rubbing against me and moans out loudly. 

I look over at Mr Summers, blushing, who smiled back at me. Jonas leaned down, and whispered into my ear:

"You are one hot little thing there, and Mr Summers have told me about you ..."

I blushed and. Mr Summers and his friends all laughed. Mrs Summers smiled and said;

"Common Ted, how about giving Jonas here a little extra attention, so that we get the best of service ahead of the main dishes?"

I looked at her, confused. They all looked intensively at me, and I suddenly felt myself grow rock hard.

I sat at the end of the table with Jonas standing right next to me, his belt and fly just at my shoulder. He rubbed his swollen cock against it, put my hand on my neck and caressed it. He leaned down and kissed me full and long on the mouth, a sensual erotic kiss. As I come up for air I am all warm and confused.

"Do you want to take it out," Kate asks me straight out. 

Jonas casually unzips his pants as she asks. 

I look around the table again. Mrs Summers nods, and they all smile. They all know about my weakness, and I realize that this is all planned.

I look up at the waiter and open his belt and his pants. He doesn't have any underwear, and his huge erect cock swings out in the open and hits me on the left shoulder. I grab hold of him and start to caress him. He is circumcised and very big and hard already. The veins clearly visible, and the head purple and slightly wet at the top. 

"Yes, that's it cock-boy. Caress it firmly ..." Jonas moans.

I hold him firmly with my right hand and caress him rhythmically. The others watch the scene and smilingly sip their wine. The other guests in the restaurant haven't noticed it seems.

Minutes pass, as I continue and Jonas moans over me. He caresses my neck, and I suddenly feel him grip it hard.

"I´m going to come soon if you continue ..." he declares.

I continue to masturbate for him, not knowing what else to do. Mrs Summers, who sits next to me, grabs my white wine glass and holds it up at an angle, under the head of his cock.

"Ooohhh ... yesss, yes ..." the waiter cries and explodes in a stream of sperm, right into the white wine. He comes one, two, three, four, five times ... and then grab hold of my hand and helps milk the last drops from himself. Finally, he smilingly lets-go, and I also release him. He quickly puts it back in and zips up. 

"I am ready to take your orders ..." he says in a low hoarse voice.

They all laugh. 

"Let's first toast to the beginnings of a new little 'circle of friends with benefits'," Mr Summers declares, and raises his glass. 

They all follow his queue and raise their glasses and look at me. I look at my glass, and slowly take it. I look at them, and they look at me as I slowly drink the sperm-mixed wine. It tastes strange but not bad at all. 

They all drink and laugh as they put down their glasses.

"Jonas, just bring as a mix of starters for starters..." Mrs Summers orders, and Jonas nods and leaves.

As Mr Summers and the men start talking business, Mrs Summers leans towards me and raises her glass to me.

"Here's to you Ted," she smiles.

Obligingly I raise my glass again to my lips and look into her deep blue eyes as we both take a big sip.

"That was very erotic Ted, and I can see you have great potential."

"Potential?" I ask stupidly.

"Yes. For pornos ..."

I look at her, and without thinking take another big sip. I taste the sperm more this time, and I look her into the eyes as I swallow it. My heart making a summersault.

"We regularly come up here to this restaurant and know the owners and Jonas since many years. They run a side-business upstairs ..."

She leans over and caresses my neck. 

"I direct some of their porn movies. Come and I'll show you?"