 After that, we had our morning breakfast. The whole breakfast was filled with tension.

As I was eating with him, I could still taste his cum in my mouth. 

He seemed calm while eating his breakfast. I could not control myself as I couldn't release myself this morning. For the entire breakfast, I had a huge boner. I think he realized the fact that I was feeling uncomfortable during the breakfast. He didn't say anything about it though. I think he was enjoying the fact. He looked at me in a way that made me confused. 

I began to wonder what he had in mind. What kinds of plan he might have for me. My hard cock was making me uncomfortable. He finished his breakfast quickly and got up. He stood behind me. I stopped eating. 

He then put his hands over my shoulders. A jolt of lightning went through my body. I thought that he was going to make me suck his cock again. I got really excited by this thought. Although I was shocked at how quickly he was able to get recovered. No matter what, I almost started drooling at the thought of sucking him again. 

What happened next was out of my imagination. 

He started massaging my shoulders. "You are tense." He said. "Let me massage you while you finish your breakfast. You will need the energy."

I don't know what I felt after hearing that. My cock was already rock hard and I was expecting something more sensual. I should've been disappointed. Instead, I started blushing as I felt my face was burning. 

"Eat your food honey." He said again. "We don't have all day."

I was feeling this burning sensation all over my body. I slowly started eating. I thought about what he meant by saying we don't have all day. All day for what? I wanted to gobble up everything and see for myself. But, his massage felt really nice and it helped me relax. I was eating slowly. 

I eventually finished my breakfast and was disappointed when he took his hands off me. Then he held my face and turned me around and leaned over to give me a gentle kiss on my lips. 

All this was making me go crazy. I had to jack off to release myself as soon as possible.

Then he told me to get changed. We were going out together. He told me to wear something more decent.

"And honey," He said. "Don't masturbate while changing."

I was ready to blow my load right then and there.

"I might cum while taking my pants off." I replied. "I am really horny."

"Try not to do that." He told me. "It will make the experience more exciting."

I thought it was not fair. He already came. But, I trusted daddy. And I already know that we were going to have a great time together.

I thought I would cum from my cock rubbing against the clothing. I carefully took of my clothes and wore a baggy pant and a t-shirt. That way I would be more comfortable.

I went downstairs to see that daddy was ready and waiting for me. He was wearing tight fitted clothes that put his chest to full display. 

"Come on now." He said. "Let's go."

We got on the car and then he started driving. I didn't know where we were going. I even forgot to ask him where he was taking me. I was just doing whatever he was telling me.

After driving for a while, he told me to open up my zipper and let my cock hang free. I was confused but I did as I was told. Then he took one hand off the steering wheel and started rubbing my cock. 

He told me to do the same thing to him. After telling me that, he stopped the car and parked it on the side of a road. 

Then I slowly took out his cock and started rubbing it.

Then he took his hands off of my cock and leaned back. I quickly got both of my legs on the seat. This way I would be more comfortable while sucking him off. I leaned towards him and he suddenly grabbed me by the neck and pulled me towards his face to give me a kiss.

This time I was ready and kissed him back. I was kissing him while rubbing his cock with my hand.

After kissing him for a while, I leaned in toward his cock. Then I took his cockhead in my mouth and started licking it like a lollipop. I devoted all my attention to the tip of his cock. I swirled my tongue around the tip and licked under the v-shaped space of his tip. 

"You know how to make me feel good, don't you?" He said after moaning a little.

I knew exactly what spot felt good and how to make a man cum. I had a lot of time to experiment on my body. 

Then I took my mouth a little further down on his cock. He a moaning a little louder now. I bobbed my head up and down on his cock for a couple of minutes. 

I worked up a good amount of saliva in my mouth. I took my mouth off his cock and then let the saliva run down on his cock.

Then I started licking his cock with my tongue. Since I couldn't get him all the way in my mouth, I thought it would be a good idea to make him nice and wet all around and work on the full length of his shaft. 

I also licked his ball clean. He was groaning at this time. I was teasing him thoroughly. I looked at him from time to time to see his reaction. I was teasing him because he didn't let me cum this morning. 

Then I looked at his eyes while pouting my lips. Then I ran the tip of his cock all over my lips. I made the motion of putting lipstick with his cock.

He was breathing heavily now. I knew he was getting impatient by now. Then I took his cock and slapped my face with it. This got him over the edge. 

He grabbed my neck and made me go down on him. I actually wanted him to do that to me. He pushed my head deeper onto his cock. I loved the feeling that he was making me go down on him. 

I actually wanted him to force me more. But, I was afraid of telling him to force me. I was afraid to tell him because I thought he would think of me as a freak. That's why I was provoking him. I also plan to provoke him more from now on.

He continued forcing my mouth on his cock. After a while, I started to choke and was struggling to breath. He seemed to notice that. He slowly took my mouth off of his cock. A huge amount on saliva ran down from my mouth. I took a moment to breath.

"Now stop teasing me and make me cum again." He said.

I started working with my hands and mouth. I was slowly bobbing my head up and down on his cock. But, my hands were moving over the shaft furiously.

"Fuck yeah, get ready for it." He declared.

I stopped moving my head and started moving my hands faster. Soon enough after telling me he was about to cum, he shot his load in my mouth. He didn't shoot as much as this morning though.

I swallowed his load as soon as he shot it. 

"I guess we should keep moving now." He said while starting the car engine.

After driving for a while, we reached the mall. I guess we're going to go shopping.

We bought a lot of new clothes for me. All the clothes were really thin. We also bought at least a dozen pairs of yoga pants for me.

"You'll be needing a lot of them." He explained. "Since I'll be tearing through them."

My face became red upon hearing this.

We also bought some jockstraps for me. He said that I won't be needing any underwear other than them. 

We also bought a lot of medical supplies. They included hair removal kits and also an enema kit.

Lastly, we went to a sex shop. There were a lot of options available there. Daddy bought a bunch of stuff from there. He bought some dildos with varying sizes. He also bought a couple of butt plugs. Then he bought some vibrators.

"You don't need to worry about them right now." He said. "They are for the long run."

I couldn't believe how much better this was turning out to be.

We finished our shopping somewhere around 4.00 pm. After finishing our shopping, we went to have lunch. We went to a small fast food joint. There he ordered two burgers and cola for us. We were sitting side by side. The place was not very busy at that time of the day. There were only two other customers apart from us. The customers couldn't see us.

However, we were in the line of sight of the waitress there. She could easily see us if she looked slightly to the left. Luckily, she was busy browsing through her phone to keep any attention at us.

After checking our surroundings, daddy put his attention at me. He quickly brushed his hands against my chest. This action made me slightly moan.

I was thinking that he was planning to take my breath away every single moment he was with me. 

Taking my moan as an affirmation, he directed his hands under the table. I knew what I had to do at that moment. Before he said anything, I started rubbing his dick from over his pants.

Daddy quickly pulled his hands away from me. He also jerked my hands off of his crotch. Before realizing anything, I noticed the waitress reaching towards us with our cola. 

"The burgers will be ready soon, please be patient." She told us and left.

I was relieved after her leaving us. I was so engrossed while rubbing his member that i totally forgot about our surroundings.

I concentrated on his cock once again. This time I pulled down his zipper and got his cock out. I took the cola on my other hand. I started taking small sips from the straw. While I was giving daddy a hand job, I kept eye contact with him. I was looking at him seductively making lewd gestures while drinking.

Suddenly I was shocked as the door opened and closed. Turned out that a customer left from there. I was glad that I was not giving him a blowjob.

Suddenly my attention shifted to the waitress there. She was still looking at her phone. But, this time she seemed more anxious.

I thought that she might have noticed that we were up to something. I looked at daddy. He clearly saw the fear in my eyes. He gave me a wicked smile. I knew what that smile meant. It meant that she caught whiff of our shenanigans. I was getting more scared.

Then he took my right hand and guided it to his cock. I automatically started rubbing his cock. But, this time I was not as eager as before. I didn't pick up the cola. I was constantly looking at the waitress there.

After a while, the waitress came with our burgers. She didn't say anything to us this time and left quickly.

Daddy checked out her ass while she was walking away.

Then he turned his attention to me again.

"You should get some of my cum with your lunch now." He said.

"I'll do it once we get in the car again." I said.

"No, you're going to make me cum here in this restaurant and eat it too."

Hearing this sent shivers through my spine.

"But daddy, this is a public place."

"So what?"

"I think the waitress saw me giving you a hand job."

"Yes she did and I think she is getting turned on."

"But she looks bothered."

"She is a little shy and can't express her feelings properly. But trust me, she is turned on."

"It still bothers me daddy. She can see us now."

"How can this bother you? You already are an exhibitionist."

"I am not." I protested while my face was turning red.

"How can you say that while you used parade almost full naked in the house?"

"That was different." I said. "I was trying to grab your attention."

"Well you have my full attention now. Aren't you glad?" 

I was very glad to have his attention like this. But what he was making me do made me nervous.

"If this bothers you that much." He put his hands on my cock. "Why do you have a boner?"

I wanted to scream out that I had the boner because he didn't let me cum since this morning. I refrained myself from that because I knew that the situation was actually turning me on.

"All right." He started talking again while he took of the upper part of my burger. "Why don't you make me cum on this, and eat my cum with your burger."

I agreed to his proposal since he was so adamant about it.

I reached my right hand to his hard cock. I started to rub his cock. Then I picked the bread and started rubbing it on his cock.

Suddenly I looked at the waitress. We made eye contact for less than a second. She looked away as soon as she noticed me looking at her. I thought she was uncomfortable at first. Now I realized that she was just shy. This turned me on more.

I kept looking at her while giving my daddy a handjob under the table. She tried to look at us 3 or 4 times. 

After a while daddy told me to get ready. I positioned the piece of bread in front of his cock in order to catch all of his load.

Soon enough after declaring, he let out his load. The load was thick but the quantity decreased.

I reassembled my burger and ate it like a normal burger.

After finishing the lunch, we paid our bill and went on our way. Before leaving, the waitress told us to visit again soon. 

We did some more shopping after lunch. It was almost 7 pm. When we reached home. After heading inside, daddy told me that he needed to lay down some ground rules for me. 

We sat down on our living room couches facing each other.

I was excited as imagining what he might have in store for me.

"You will wear whatever I tell you to do." He started talking.

"If I don't specify anything, you will not wear anything. Do you understand?"

I could only nod.

"You will maintain a strict diet routine." He continued.

"You will work out for at least 2 hours every single day. I want you to look and feel perfect all the time."

I worked out every day anyway.

"I want you to keep yourself clean all the time. That means no body hair."

"You'll also keep your insides clean all the time. So, I'd suggest you learn using the enema as soon as possible."

I couldn't help myself but gasp. He noticed the obvious fear in my eyes.

"I know it is a little soon to talk about this." He started talking again. "But, you do realize where this will go if we want to continue this relationship like this."

I knew what he was talking about. I wanted this to happen. I was also really excited for this. But, for some reason, the thought of having anal sex with someone still gave me the shivers.

"You don't need to be afraid of that right now." He understood that I was getting more and more scared. 

"You have to understand that I would never do anything to hurt you. I would only fuck you when you are good and ready."

Hearing this somehow filled me with an emotion I have never felt before. My chest and stomach felt like they were burning. I was feeling so good that just listening to this made my cock rock hard again.

He had noticed my obvious hard-on underneath my pants. 

Then he started talking again.

"Besides, the way things are going right now, I think you will be begging me to fuck you soon enough."

Then he commanded me to do a strip tease for him.

I never knew anything about strip teasing. I didn't even practice it. Feeling the way I was feeling at that moment, I just wanted to get out of my clothes and release the pressure by jacking off.

However, I managed to control myself and stood up in front of him. I slowly took off my clothes. 

"That's good enough." He said. "Come closer to me now."

He was still sitting at the couch. I thought that he would make me go down on him again. I was getting ready to go down on my knees. 

To my surprise, he grab me by my hand and made me sit on his lap.

I was feeling uncomfortable after sitting on his lap. He then pulled me towards him and made me feel more relaxed. My back was resting against his chest. My head was resting against his shoulders.

He slowly turned my head towards him and gave me a kiss. I felt his tongue exploring in my mouth. I tried to wrestle my tongue with his. This action took me on the verge of ejaculating without even touching myself.

He kept kissing me while holding the back of my neck with one of his hands. His other hand started exploring all around my body.

He concentrated around my chest area at first. He kept circling his fingers around my nipples. After a while, he started pressing on my thigh. He was squeezing my thigh near my penis. 

He was doing all this while still kissing me. He cupped my balls very gently. He knew they were really sensitive at the moment.

After teasing me for a while, he started rubbing my cock slowly. 

I was so aroused that I came in less than a minute of him fondling my penis.

I was really embarrassed at this.

He then broke our kiss.

Then he told me to clean myself up and come for dinner.

I felt quite exhausted after ejaculating. 

I had a long hot shower thinking about the day I spent with my daddy.

After that I came down and had dinner with daddy.

Nothing happened after our dinner. 

I went to bed at 10.30 pm that night. As soon as I went to the bed, I drifted off to sleep.