 I was twenty at the time and had started college in another town. I had rented a room with the Summers-couple. They were a very nice pair in the early sixties and lived very centrally. He was tall and in great shape for his age, with tight cropped hair and a broad chest, and not too big a belly. Mrs Summers was also tall with long flowing grey hair and a wide sensual mouth.

I was not so muscular back then, but rather slender, with long brown hair and no facial hair. In short, I looked quite feminine. 

Soon enough, Mr Summers discovered that I was into men (and women), and he decided to take advantage of it. He had me watch a gay porn movie with him, and then offered me a little rebate on my rent for "a little help here and there".

Soon after our first little 'encounter' he came into my room one morning - without knocking. 

Mrs Summers was still working, so she usually left around eight. Mr Summers was already retired so he had a lot of time on his hands. He had been a senior manager of some export company he told me. He was in good shape for his age. He came in wearing only his thin short black morning gown.

"Good morning my toy boy," he greeted me.

His words made me instantly hard. He stood tall above me, and he let his morning gown fall open, so that I could see his huge but still only half-hard cock.

He smiled as I look at it, and I licked my lips.

"Does it turn you on Ted?"

I just nodded.

"Show me!"

I threw off the blanket, and as I a sleep naked he immediately saw my rock-hard cock.

"How many times can you cum in a day Ted?"

His question surprised me, and I weakly answered;

"Eh, maybe three - four times I think ..."

"Good, then I want to see you masturbate for me, right now and into this cup."

I was so aroused that I immediately took the little plastic cup from his hand and started to masturbate. He watched me as he leisurely caressed himself, standing above me. He was fully erect now and hummed as I caressed myself. I had never been watched as I masturbated, and this was both new and exciting. 

It didn't take long before I exploded and filled up the cup. As I calmed-down I looked up at his smiling face.

"Thank you ToyBoy. That was very nice to watch," he said and took the filled little plastic cup from my hand.

"See you in the kitchen, and then you and I are going on a little adventure tour."

He left, and I got out of bed on slightly shaky legs. I showered and dressed in a pair of slacks and t-shirt and joined him in the kitchen. He had also dressed but in a light grey suit. The plastic cup with my cum stood in the middle of the kitchen table, with a lid on top. Next to it was a quite large silver but plug.

He served me coffee and we drank it in silence. He closely watched me, and finally said;

"I want to introduce you to some good business friends of mine. They may be useful to you one day and they have quite a lot of influence here in town and beyond."

After silently drinking our coffee, he handrf me the but-plug and the plastic cup.

"I want you to wear the plug for me as we go out, it would be such a turn on. Will you do that for me?"

I looked at him and blushed. I nodded and put the plastic cup in the pocket of my thin summer jacket, pulled down my pants as he watched me, made the but plug wet by licking it, then turned around and pushed it in. He chuckled, and we left the apartment in silence. , The plug felt cold and big inside me, making my cock half hard.

As we ride the elevator down, he stands close to me, and I feel my arousal rise. We step out to a waiting taxi and depart. As we drive along, sitting in the back seat, Mr Summers puts his hand on my thigh. 

I try to ignore it but ever so slowly he moves his hand higher and higher. As we stop at a red light at a central square of the city, his hand is on my crotch. The taxi driver turns towards us to ask for the payment and his mouth falls open as he sees Mr Summers massaging my cock through my pants. Mr Summers pulls out his wallet and gives it to me.

"Better pay the taxi-driver ... with money Ted ..."

I blush and open the wallet and take out the cash, as he massages me. I hand it to the dark coloured taxi driver. He smiles a broad white smile as he takes the bills.

"Next time, maybe I can get some tip" he jokes.

"Yes, maybe ... George," Mr Summers laughs and pats him on the shoulder.

We step out and he walks ahead of me up to a smart office building. We step through the revolving doors and are greeted by a young beautiful receptionist.

"Hi Alicia, we're here to meet Mr Armstrong."

"Oh, hi Mr Summers. Yes, he is waiting for you in his office. 11th floor."

"Thank you!"

He takes me by the arm and lead me to the elevators. We ride up in silence, with some five other people. We stand close, and my heart beats faster, as I wonder what awaits me. I look around at the office workers, all focused on their days work, and not knowing what I am wearing in my but.

We finally reach our floor and step out. The view is impressive, and we make our way through an open office space, with lots of people on the phone and hacking away at their computer screens. We pass a few meeting rooms and arrive at a large wooden door. Mr Summers knocks on the door of the corner office and opens it. 

"Hi there Fred. As I told you, I brought someone I think you will really like."

They laughingly shake hands and then Mr Armstrong turns towards me. He steps up close and eyes me from top to toe. He stretches his hand out and so do I. He grips it firmly and holds it there as he looks me in the eyes.

"Hi, I'm Mr Armstrong. Good to meet you Ted. I've heard you are quite an interesting you man."

"Glad to meet you too Mr Armstrong," I answer meekly.

He was the same age as Mr Summers I guessed. Slightly taller than him, and quite a bit taller than me, with dark smartly cut hair and an Italian-styled beard. He wore a dark grey suit and a white shirt, but no tie. I started to really wonder what Mr Summers had told him. He let go of my hand and made a tour around me. He leaned back against his large mahogany desk and said,

"Take your jacket off Ted and have a seat."

His corner office was large, with big windows on two sides and a large book shelf on a third. There was a nice large carpet covering most of the floor, and there was a round meeting table with four chairs on one side, and his desk, which faced the door, on the other. His PC was placed on a separate little table, so that he could look out while he worked with it.

I took off my jacket and sat down, as Mr Summers stepped up close to Mr Armstrong and quietly talked about something I couldn't pick up. The but plug sank deeper into me, and I felt very aware of it. They both laughed and turned to me.

"We are good friends and go back a long way. We have done a lot together, and there are no secrets between us," Mr Armstrong explained.

"I just told Mr Armstrong here that you would be ready to undress here and now, and show him all your talents Ted," Mr Summers complemented.

"Here? Now?" I asked stupidly.

They both just laughed and nodded. 

I looked at them, not really believing what they just asked of me.

"Remember Ted, what I said earlier," Mr Armstrong admonished me.

I blushed but say nothing. I wanted a side job, and Mr Summers knew that.

Just then there was a knock on the door and Mr Armstrong's assistant came in with coffee on a tray. She looked stunning in her tight blue skirt and white thin blouse, long blonde hair, and deep blue eyes. She put the tray on the table and pour us all coffee, as we all remained silent. As she turned and handed me my cup, she saw my blushing face, winked and smiled.

She left quickly and just as she closed the door she said;

"I'll hold your calls for a while Mr Armstrong, and make sure no one disturbs you all for a while!"

"Thank you, Laura," Mr Armstrong answered and turned to me, just as he picked up his coffee cup.

"Well, son: show me what you can do ..."

I look at them, oblige and pull off my shirt, kick off my shoes, stand up and slowly pull off my pants. Soon I stand completely naked in front of them, in the office. I am incredibly turned on by it all, and my rockhard cock reveals it. 

"Nice! Come over here!"

I walk around the desk to Mr Armstrong and stand next to him. He reaches out and start to fondle me as he sips his coffee. It feels wonderful. Then his hand explores my balls, and my ass, and again and again touches my cock. 

I feel his warm body heat from half a meter away. He runs his hand from my stomach up across my chest, up towards my neck, chin and then stops, leaving three fingers resting on my lower lip. I opened my mouth and he gently slips his fingers in. I suck on them.

"I hear you are great at sucking cock," he says.

I continue to gently suck on his fingers, and he smiles at me.

"How about sucking me off now?"

Mr Summers watches us, and when Mr Armstrong finally pulls his fingers out he asks; 

"Well, tell him Ted - do you not want to?"

I look at them and blurt out,

"Yes, I want to ... suck your cock Mr Armstrong."

They look at each other and laugh.

Mr Armstrong clears away some papers from his desk, stands up and pushes me back towards it, so that I end up lying on my back across it. It feels cool and hard, and as I lie perpendicular across it, one of my feet hang over one side, the other rests on the desk top, and my head leans over the edge on the other side.

They step up close, one on either side of my head and unzip their pants. I look up at them as they slowly take out their huge cocks. I can't believe I am doing it, after hardly a week staying with the Summers. But I want it now.

They caress themselves first, and then my face with their stiff manhoods. They smell nice of aftershave and that deep musky manly smell of arousal. 

"Lick it," Mr Armstrong commands, and I obediently start licking him. Then Mr Summers presses his cock forward and I turn and lick him. I alternate between them for a while, until Mr Summers says,

"Suck him now. I want to see you take Fred's cock in your mouth, bitch."

I look up and open my mouth. Mr Armstrong immediately pushes his cock in. It feels huge. 

I start to suck him greedily.

Mr Armstrong caresses my face and then pulls out. He walks around the table in between my raised legs and caresses my stiff cock a little.

"He's really hard this toy boy. He's enjoying it!"

Mr Summers pushes his cock into my mouth and starts to fuck my mouth with long slow strokes. 

I suddenly feel Mr Armstrong turning my but plug around, and then pushing it in and out of me. He then asks if we have any lube with us, and Mr Summers tells him there is a small cup in my jacket. He grabs my jacket and takes it out. 

Mr Summers pulls out and lifts my head. 

"Now, son, help Mr Armstrong here with that lube of yours. Smear it on in cock."

I take the little cup, open the lid and pour my sperm into my hand, and smear it all over Mr Armstrong's throbbing rock hard member. I know what is going to happen, and it makes me both nervous and excited.

Mr Summers pulls me back and pushed his cock into my mouth again. All the way, and I gag. Mr Armstrong simultaneously pulls out the plug and replaces it with his slippery hard cock. It feels huge inside me. The start fucking my two ends in unison, finding a common rhythm. I moan under them.

After a while they stop for a short while, laughing and saying it reminds them of some woman they had fucked once at a conference. Then they start again, and although it hurts slightly and I gag again and again, they continue, groaning and laughing lustfully. 

"Noooww!" Mr Armstrong groans, and they both explode in unison. One fills my ass, while the other my mouth. Cascade after cascade of cum floods me.

I swallow almost all of Mr Summers sperm, and when he finally pulls out, I gasp for air.

Mr Armstrong also pulls out, zips up his pants, like Mr Summers and sits down. 

"Phew, that was a nice slut."

"Get up Ted," Mr Summers commands. Groggily and on somewhat shaky legs I get up from the desk. I feel drops of cum run down the insides of my thighs.

"How horny and hard are you, Ted?"

"Very, Sir" I answer Mr Armstrong.

"You enjoyed that didn't you?"

"Yes, I did," I answer feeling myself blush.

"Then, caress yourself for us Ted. I want to see you cum over my desk."

I feel a shiver of excitement run up my spine, and grab hold of myself and start to masturbate. I step up close to the fine lacquered mahogany desk. They both sit watching me in silence - smiling.

It only takes a few minutes, and I soon explode in a string of cum across the table top. I moan out loudly and my knees buckles as I cum and cum and cum.

Soon I am spent, and I stand holding onto the table a little, and my cock in the other hand.

"Beautiful but look what you did on the table. I can't work with your sperm all over it like that. You better lick it up."

I look at him, and then at Mr Summers. This is more than embarrassing. But Mr Summers just nods.

"Remember Ted!"

I lean over the table and start to lick up my sperm. After a while I wipe the final drops off with my hand.

"Good boy. Now, get your clothes back on Ted," Mr Summers instructs me.

Mr Armstrong picks up the phone and dials a number.

"Laura? Hi, yes, you can bring in some more coffee now."

He puts the receiver down, and I quickly dress, and sit down just as Laura enters.

She looks at us and giggles. She serves us each a warm cup of coffee, ending with me. She looks at me and smiles and winks.

"Do you want more cream ... with your coffee?" she giggles.

I just shake my head and sips it, as she walks towards the door, leaving a whiff of her sweet perfume behind.

I don't really listen as the two men chat. My head is a confused whirl of emotions and arousal. I am still half erect in my pants.

Finally, Mr summers gets up, grabs my arm, we say goodbye and we leave. As we pass the other staff and offices, I have a feeling of being watched. Surely, they cannot know what I just did.

When we step out onto the pavement, Mr Armstrong turns to me and gives me a pat on the shoulder.

"Well done, Ted. I need to run an errand, but I want you to meet another of my former business associates as well. So, let's meet at this address in three hours. Ok?"

"Yes, Mr Summers," I reply and take the paper with the address. My heart beating faster.