 About a year after confirming to myself that I am gay and no longer interested in sex with women I went on the hunt for some cock as I realized I am always horny and always willing and looking for someone to put their cock in my mouth and feed me their cream.

Almost every evening I would head out to the cruising places I had learned about and would start walking the trails looking for someone to be walking by and grabbing their crotch as they pass by, if they did I would lick my lips and start walking somewhere off the beaten path and they would follow so once we were out of sight I would turn around as he walked to me and would drop to my knees and as he approached. Once he was in front of me some would pull their shorts down while others would wait for me to undo their shorts and unzip their pants which for some reason it makes me feel like I am being a total submissive by doing this and always makes me hungry.

I would eagerly start licking and sucking their cocks like I hadn't had any cock in months which it didn't matter if I just got done sucking a cock off 10 minutes earlier. Some even made comments of how hungry I was for their cock and cum. If one place was slow I would go to another and repeat my cruising there and not being too picky as to who's cock I would suck as I just needed to suck and please the men I could and there were days I would suck off at least 5 with my best day being 11 cocks between cruising places and if it was raining I would suck them off in my car or theirs or go to the book store to find cock.

At one cruising place I ran into Dan who was in his early 50's but seemed to work out some and was pretty fit with a flat stomach (no 6 pack abs but flat)he was about 6'1 and 190LBS or so and very little hair and kept his crotch area trimmed tight but still had some hair down there. He was single and seemed to be the dominant type. Dan was very verbal and enjoyed guys like me that liked others to take control.

I had hooked up with him a few times and the third or forth time hooking up after sucking him off we started to chat and started to get to know each other somewhat. After that we started to hang out once or twice a week where it went from sucking him off to him fucking me, which I thought he had the perfect cock at 7 1/2 inches and just a little thicker then average so when he was really pounding my ass I wouldn't get stomach cramps no matter how hard he fucked me which felt really good and I would get very loud with the way I enjoyed his poundings.

Dan was pretty much a straight acting guy that didn't flaunt it but was in fact out even though I wasn't I didn't mind and felt it was a way to meet others that were gay. We had several interests beside sex such as going to baseball games, races, golfing and casino's so it wasn't always just about sex although each night always ended with me pleasing him.

After a few weeks of hanging out and getting to know each other some Dan asked me if I was into playing with others and if I was into humiliation which I replied I'm not shy about having sex in front of others but never tried humiliation but do get off on verbal abuse so would be willing to try humiliation. We set up a tee time to golf the following Tuesday morning with a couple other guys he knew that I had not met yet and didn't think about our conversation a few days earlier before setting up the tee time.

That Tues we met at the course and I met Mike and Dale that morning. We started golfing with Dan and I in one cart and Mike and Dale in the other. We started golfing just after 8 am and the course was pretty much open as the group in front of us we found out teed off about 730 so other then the maintenance crew out mowing no one was really on the course yet.

We just finished the 3rd hole and heading to the forth when Dan slide his hand onto my lap and rubbed my crotch a little and asked if I was horny? I told him I am always horny for cock and he grabbed my hand and placed it on his crotch which I started to rub but pulled away as we got to the next tee box where Mike and Dale were in front of us.

While on the tee box comments were being made and some sexual comments started coming out which I just went along with then Dan made a comment about getting a blow job later after golfing. Mike laughed and said you got a date after golf? Now Mike and Dale seemed to be straight as Dale mentioned his wife was going to get a new car that day so I figured both were straight and didn't think anything about it.

When Mike had made that comment Dan said no I don't have a date but have a personal cock sucker that never turns down sucking his cock. I had a shocked look on my face as I got nervous Dan was going to tell them it was me. Dale said well we know you don't date women so how is he and Dan smiled and looked at me and said Lonnie loves going down on me and swallowing my cum, don't you Lonnie?

All 3 of them turned and looked at me and I could feel my face turn beat red and I just stood there for a moment thinking of what to say. Dan then said he was just rubbing my cock before getting to the tee box. I looked at Mike and Dale and said yes I do enjoy pleasing Dan when he needs it. Mike laughed and said " I wouldn't mind a blow job myself", Dale says he's wife hasn't gave him a blow job in months and would love one himself.

Dan said well maybe we shouldn't wait until after golf being it's not crowed out here. They all said that sounded good maybe go look for some balls in the woods. Dan laughed and said we don't need to go in the woods Lonnie loves cock he'll do it anywhere, won't you cock sucker? I looked at Dan and said well being you brought it up and now they know I suck cock yeah it doesn't matter to me where but I'm not going to jail so there's limits.

As we continued to play Dan reaches over and puts his hand on the back of my neck and tells me to pull his cock out and have a little taste of his cock. I unzipped his pants and had a hard time getting his cock out as it was pretty hard already. Once I got it out he pulled my head down to his cock and I started licking the head then started sucking him to full hardness then the cart stopped and I looked up to see that we were at our 2nd shots but went back to sucking him a little more just as the other cart pulled up and Mike saying I guess you weren't kidding Dan and with that I stopped sucking and got out to hit my 2nd shot as Dan slipped his cock back in his pants but didn't zip up his pants.

This went on until the 8th hole with Mike and Dale making comments the whole time and when we got to the 8th tee Dan tells the guys he's ready to bust a nut so he maneuvered the cart in a way that if someone was coming the cart would block it and then tells me to get on my knees as he pulled his cock back out as I dropped to my knees. Dan was being very verbal calling me names and getting a little rough (I guess showing off) as Mike and Dale watched on. It didn't take Dan but a few minutes before he moans swallow it bitch and started to cum slamming his cock down my throat.

While I hungrily swallowed his load he pulls my head back and tells me to tell him what I love and I answered I love his cock and cum. I noticed that Mike and Dale were stroking their cocks but now someone was coming towards us so we teed off and finished with the front nine. After we grabbed some drinks at the turn we teed off on the 10th hole and we changed out riding partners and now I was riding with Mike and as soon as we left the 10 tee box he grabs my hand and puts it to his crotch and tells me he needs to blow a load after watching me suck Dan off.

You could say I was giving him cart head as we went from shot to shot and the group behind us caught up to us we let them play through and while we waited for them to get far enough ahead of us Mike pulls me towards a tree and tells me suck my dick cock sucker I really need to nut. I went down on him and Mike wasn't all that big but he was rough and was pounding my mouth like it was a pussy or ass and ever so often would pull my mouth off his cock and tell me to tell him what I liked and wanted.

I would tell him I love cock and I wanted his cum in my mouth. He had me begging him to cum in my mouth and making all kinds of comments then he shot his first 2 streams in the back of my throat and then pulled out to the head and finished cumming in my mouth telling not to swallow yet. He was a pretty big shooter and filled my mouth pretty good. Once he was done he had me open my mouth and show Dan and Dale the load he left in my mouth then told me to swallow.

After swallowing he says tell me bitch you like eating my cum don't you? I answered yes I love all cum then he asked you want more cum don't you cock sucker. I said yes I want more. We again switched riding partners and I was now in the cart with Dale. Dale had me play with his cock through his shorts but didn't want me to suck him because it was starting to get busy on the course. We got to the 16th hole and it had an port-a-john and Dale says to follow him in. I follow and he dropped his shorts and underwear and being about the same size as Mike and he must have been really worked up because I don't think he lasted 3 minutes when he shot his load down my throat.

He left the john first and I waited a few seconds before coming out. We finished the round and were at the 19th hole and were talking about the good and bad shots we had and normal sports conversations and as we were leaving we were all parked pretty close Mike and Dale says we need to do this again and asked what we were going to do and Dan says my bitch here is going to suck me off again and then I am going to fuck his ass hard because the cock sucker got me all worked up again knowing he sucked you guys off and he always wants more.

Mike looks at me and says you really are a cock slut aren't you? Dan looks at me and tells me tell them how much you love the cock and with that I look at both Mike and Dale and Dan slaps my ass and tells me again to tell them. I tell them I love cock and cum and can't get enough and am addicted to cock. With that Dan says follow me to my place cum slut and stand by for a hard ass pounding and filling your ass with cum. Mike and Dale laugh as they get in their cars and say have fun.

I asked Dan about Mike and Dale and he says him and Mike play around once in a while and that both of them are actually bi but he just wanted to do some humiliation and see how I liked it. I said it was a shock but did admit I liked it.