 A/N: this is the last chapter. There will be a new story soon once I get inspiration to write. This story has been mostly true, or at least based on truth. I hope you like the ending! Question-- would anyone like a sequel to this just about Izaac and Gideon?

Epilogue. 

After deciding an alternative shop was a decreasingly entertaining business, I converted it to a cafe. I smiled whilst standing behind the sleek oak counter looking out through the glass panes in the gothic Georgian doors. It was cloudy and the temperature was bittersweet. I turned to Gideon, my boyfriend of one year. He was a bus boy and sprayed detergent on the tables. I pulled a lock of my hair behind my ear and let my hand trail it down. 

The bell rang slightly and in came my oh so favourite couple. Hakaryu and Garland. Garland had began to undergo HRT treatment several months before and I could already see small breasts developing underneath that red dress she wore. The dress I had paid so much money to buy for her. Hakaryu made sure I watched them have a long, passionate kiss at the door before going to the restrooms at the back. 

Garland stepped up and ordered coffees to take away, I complied happily whilst making straining polite conversation with the man- -woman, sorry Garland-- who betrayed me. She leaned over the counter and her dress slipped up slightly. I looked to the point where her sleeve had ridden up. 

"You have bruises on your arms," I commented dryly. Garland covered them more with the sleeves of her dress, looking down in embarrassment. 

"At least Hakaryu knows how to treat me like a real woman in bed!" She retorted, turning to glare at Gideon, who retreated, still scared of her from the table flipping incident. 

"I bet you don't even fuck him without him squealing and making you stop five hundred times," 

"You're still complaining about me? My you're obsessed. And I think you'll find I'm rather pleased someone appreciates how I treat them in bed. It's not my fault I'm a gentleman Miss Pennington," I smiled whilst handing her the coffee. She made a snide smile back before Hakaryu came out. He tried to hand me money but I refused. 

"No thank you. Your little infidel here has been rather entertaining. No charge sir," I laughed thinly. He put the money in his pocket and his arm around Graland's waist, the same way I used to. I hid any jealousy or discomfort I harboured, which wasn't very much considering I'd gotten the better deal with Gideon. 

Pissed at my comment yet glad of my generosity, Hakaryu led the beautiful little rose out the cafe and down the Victorian street. I turned to Gideon and asked the time, hoping I'd get the answer I was yearning for. 

"Um it's twelve," he answered. Perfect. 

"Lock the door, will you please?" I asked, the look in my eyes indicating exactly what I wanted. The way he began to blush and his body tensed indicated that he wanted it too. 

After Gideon locked the door, I pushed him against the counter, straddling him. I rubbed my loins against his and even through the trousers I felt his hard length protruding, a strong indication that he was as randy as I was. 

"You best behave little kitten," I warned before taking him in a kiss. I then gave him two of my fingers and he obediently began to suck and lick, coating them in is saliva. He did this for a while as I lost myself in is pooling eyes. 

"Now," I said, sliding a hand up the front of his shirt. 

"What do you want, little kitten?" I asked. 

" I want...." Gideon panted "you," 

"Then you shall gladly have me," I said with a cheshire smile. 

I slid down his trousers and boxers and positioned myself at his entrance. I gently traced his sensitive nipple under his shirt and he bit his lip to stifle a moan. Gideon was tight as I gently pushed in, even he had accumulated far larger cocks than my own. I pushed in deeper and made Gideon squeal, grip my back and bury his head in my shoulder. 

I grabbed his own arousal and began to pump it as I pulled out, feeling my submissive's thick length in my own hand. It made him whimper in delight and throw his head back, myself grabbing a fistful of his hair for support. I began to slowly thrust in and out of him, feeling his hole widen and relax at my intrusion. 

Gideon locked ankles between my back, tensing at the infiltration but still enjoying the sensation. My hair tickled him and I watched the expression of passion and lust embedded into his facial features. I continued to fuck him hard, his moans synced to my thrusts. I locked up his neck and sucked on the sensitive skin below, leaving harsh love bites. 

"Mmmmm master....? He asked softly through a haze of pleasure. 

"Hm?" I asked, not really registering what he was saying, my mind in another galaxy of soft pleasure. 

"M-may I please cum?" He requested, his eyes full of frustrated tears. I giggled, his body giving me a natural high no drug ever had. 

"Of course you may, little kitten" I allowed, speaking slowly. 

He groaned and erupted over his chest, soiling his work uniform before quickly pulling the waistcoat across the shirt to hide the stain from me that I knew would be there. I thrusted a few more times before shooting inside his ass and making him burn, sliding my cock out with the thick sperm trailing at the end. 

I checked the clock again. 12:50. No time to cuddle or clean up. Sometimes that was best, but I pulled him in for another kiss, just to have the feeling of his body near mine was heavenly. 

"Took longer than I thought," I admitted. Gideon ran over to unlock the shop door again and I smiled as I watched him walk.