 When I got home from work I decided to go straight to Rose's apartment. While watering her plants was the pretext, I knew that I just really wanted to be closer to her id. I knew instinctively that this woman controlled me sexually and that I was powerless to her commands, as evidenced by the thong that was still riding up my ass. Perhaps being in her space would sooth me. I got to her door and was digging in my pocket for the key when a text message came:

Rose: What are you up to?

I fumbled to answer quickly saying that I was just going into her apartment to water her plants.

Rose: Oh good. Would you mind waiting around? I have a friend who needs to come over to borrow some pans. He should be there in five minutes.

Sure, I texted back.

I was a little bummed out. I was kind of hoping I could spend some alone time in her apartment. Maybe take a peek in an underwear drawer or look inside that wooden box by her bed. Watering plants only takes a couple of minutes and it would be weird to tell her friend that I wanted to stick around a bit longer. I wouldn't be surprised if Rose was sending him over to make sure I didn't make myself too comfortable. Needless to say the sexual tension I was feeling on the way over dissipated quickly. 

I went into the kitchen and filled her watering can and started making the rounds to her plants. I was about half way through when there was a door knock. I went over to open it. Standing there was a man about my age, slightly taller with dark brown hair. He was wearing a well-fitted black t-shirt and jeans. He had a backpack slung over his shoulder.

"Hi," he said sticking out his hand, "You must be David. I'm Chris. Rose said you'd be here." 

"Hi, come on in."

"What does she have you doing? Watering the plants?" Chris asked.

"Yeah."

"You know they are plastic right?" I stood there feeling like an idiot. Chris laughed. "Oh, don't feel bad. It just means Rose likes you. She said she met you at the pool party?"

"Yeah." It was becoming clearer that Chris was over on a surveillance mission.

"I'm guessing you like her, too, since you are over here watering her fake plants."

"Yeah, so far she seems like a lot of fun. Plus I'm never against doing favors for someone."

Chris smiled at that. "Oh, Rose loves favors."

At that I started to feel a tad jealous. Was Chris another one of Rose's partners? Watching her on Skype with Mary was hot, but thinking about Rose with Chris made me wonder if I actually had a real chance with her. Looking at Chris, he was the stereotypical hot male. Was this Rose's way of telling me not to get my hopes up?

"How do you know Rose?" I asked.

"Oh, we went to college together. We lived on the same hall and we instantly clicked. We instantly became partners in crime, sharing everything."

My heart sunk a little lower. Chris was clearly asserting his place in the relationship. Whatever his status with Rose was now, he was definitely a gateway to her. I was pretty certain that if I did not meet his approval there would not be much Rose in my future.

"She told me you were wearing her panties and that she watched you fuck a co-worker over Skype today."

I paused, shocked that he knew. Then I grinned. Rose was up to something. Just then my phone rang. It was Rose. I picked up and said hello.

"Hi. Did Chris get there?"

"Yeah." I said, trying to come across as cheery.

"Oh, good. Look, Chris is a really good friend of mine and I was telling him how much you were turning me on and that you spent the whole day wearing my panties. Chris is a really good photographer too and I thought it would be fun if he took some pictures of you wearing the panties to send me. Can he do that?"

I looked up at Chris and he gave me back a look and a shrug that I interpreted as "What can you do? That's just Rose."

The first thought that went through my mind was that this was crazy, but that was replaced by a simple reality. Rose was starting to control me. I couldn't say no to her. I sensed that Chris knew that as he was unzipping his backpack and taking out the camera. I told Rose yes and she hung up.

"Should we go into the bedroom?" He asked.

I paused. I instinctively said yes to Rose, but now I was facing the reality that another man was going to take my picture. Not only that, I was going to be wearing a pink thong in those pictures. I looked at Chris and our eyes locked. I immediately felt a surge of excitement. Rose was pushing all my boundaries and I hadn't regretted it yet. "Sure," I smiled and walked toward Rose's bedroom. "How do you want me?"

Chris said, "Let me get a few shots of you in your clothes." I was still wearing my office attire, although I had long since loosened my tie and unbuttoned my shirt's top button. I sat on the edge of the bed and Chris started snapping. "Good, now start undressing."

I started with my tie and began to unbutton my shirt, letting them both drop to the floor. I pulled my t-shirt over my head and also discarded it. Chris kept snapping. I kicked off my shoes and pulled off my socks. I turned around keeping my eye on Chris over my shoulder. I undid my belt, unbuttoned my fly and let my pants drop.

"Wow," Chris said, "Rose didn't lie. You do have a great ass." The camera kept clicking. I bent over with my elbows on the bed. I was getting turned on and my hardening dick pushed its way out of the top of my panties. "OK, now turn around."

I hesitated knowing that the panties were doing a poor job of containing my bulging cock. Slowly I turned around and Chris's eyes quickly went to my crotch.

"Well, that's a good sign. I'm glad you are enjoying this. I am too." He reached down and grabbed his own crotch and it was clear from the outline in his jeans that he was hard too.

I leaned back on the edge of the bed, thrusting my cock toward Chris. He brought his camera back up to his eye and began shooting again. My right hand reached for my dick, I pushed the fabric of the thong down below my balls and I began to stroke. I could see the bulge in his pants getting larger. Chris began to move around the room, taking pictures from all angles. 

I shimmied my way onto the bed, lying on my back as I continued to touch myself. I pulled the panties off of me and tossed them aside. Chris followed, kneeling over me as he continued his barrage of photos of my now totally naked body.

"You have a great cock," he said, "Can I touch it?" I nodded. I took my hand off and he reached for it. He gently took it in his palm and started to slowly fondle it. I thrust my hips in approval. His belt was in easy reach and all I could think of was how much I wanted his dick.

I reached for his belt and began to undo it. I unbuttoned his fly and pulled his pants and underwear down in one move. With his pants at his knees his bulging cock stood in front of me. Without hesitation I sat up and brought it to my mouth, sucking the whole shaft in as far as it could go. His grip on my own cock grew tighter. This was the first cock I had ever sucked and it felt great, so big and powerful. To steady myself I reached back with my left hand and cupped his ass. I pulled off and then reengaged with my tongue. Licking up and down his shaft and over his shaved balls. He put the camera down and I felt his hand on the back of my head. I shifted my body to get a better angle and he bent over, taking my cock in his mouth. We both moved so that we could mutually suck each other. His mouth felt fantastic and I mimicked his every move on his own cock. His hand reached around me and his finger began to circle my asshole. The intensity was too much. I could feel the cum building up and I couldn't hold back. Feeling like an inexperienced teenager I began to shoot my cum into his mouth. He swallowed it up eagerly while I feebly tried to keep his dick in my mouth. He pulled off and sat up to look at me. I could see a dribble of my cum still beaded at the corner of his mouth. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to cum so fast." I said.

"Oh, don't worry. That won't be the last. I'm guessing this is your first time with another man."

"Yes." Just then my phone started ringing in the pocket of my discarded pants. Chris got up to get it. For the first time I was really able to admire Chris's body. He was incredibly fit with a smooth chest and well groomed pubic hair. He bent over for my pants giving me the perfect view of his ass. He pulled out the phone and looked at the screen.

"Its Rose." He handed it to me.

I answered. "Hello."

"Hi! Are you naked?"

"Umm, yes."

"Yum. I'm really looking forward to seeing those pictures. Do you like having another man see you naked?"

"Yes and I'm enjoying looking at Chris's naked body, too."

"What?" Rose said laughing, "That slut! What have you guys done?"

"I just came in his mouth."

"Put me on speaker!" I did. "Is this true, Chris?"

"Yep." Chris was smiling. "And I was just getting ready to fuck his virgin ass."

"I want to watch!" Rose cried. 

"I thought you would." Chris walked over to his backpack and pulled out a lap top and flipped it open. He set it on the dresser and turned it on. In under a minute he had Rose on Skype and the camera angled toward the bed. 

Rose was sitting naked on her bed in her hotel room. She held up a pink vibrator and said, "I'm ready for the show."

Chris walked over to the nightstand and opened its drawer taking out a condom and a tube of lube. "Get on your knees."

I obeyed. I could hear the condom wrapper open and the sound of latex rolling over skin. Next I felt a cold sensation dripping down my ass crack as Chris generously squeezed the lube into my ass. His hands worked it into my asshole and my dick began to harden again. I next felt his own dick pushing up against the outside of my asshole. I pushed it out, hoping it would help ease it in. I then felt a shooting pain as his cock entered me in one hard thrust. I screamed. 

"That's it, baby." Chris said. "Take it in."

The pain quickly subsided and was replaced by the sensation of being totally filled. My dick was now fully erect and Chris's hands were on both my shoulders as he began to thrust his cock deeper into my ass. I looked over at the screen and Rose had a big smile on her face as she watched the show. I could only see her face, but it was obvious her hand was working vigorously on her clit.

With one hand still on my shoulder, Chris reached down and grabbed my dick. "Ooh, nice and hard again." He began to slow down his thrusts. Pulling his dick out to the tip and then slowly driving it back in. I rocked my hips in synch with his.

The rhythm became hypnotizing as we continued to fuck. Eventually, the pattern began to change and I could feel Chris was getting close to cumming. "Any requests, Rose?" I heard him say.

"Yes, I want to see you cum on his face." Chris pulled out of me and turned me around. He discarded the condom and then started stroking his cock toward my face. I reached out to help and a few strokes later his white spunk was hitting my cheek, my neck, and my chest. Chris collapsed in my arms. 

I was still hard. I fumbled for the nightstand where another condom was sitting and the bottle of lube. With Chris still entangled with me I unwrapped the condom and slid it onto my dick. I covered my hand with lube and spread it onto the condom and reached down for his ass. He shifted to give me better access. I rolled him onto his back and he wrapped his legs around me as I pushed my cock into his ass. I entered him with little resistance and was surprised at how good it felt to have his tight asshole pressed onto my cock. I fucked him in missionary position looking into his eyes with each thrust. His hands reached around for my ass and we instinctively bent down to kiss each other. Lost in the experience I hardly noticed the orgasmic groans of Rose coming over the computer's speakers. Our bodies, covered in sweat and cum, pressed together as I drove my cock deeper into his ass. He ran his tongue over my neck and chest where his cum still lingered. I kissed him again and he jammed his tongue against mine letting me taste his salty spunk. 

"God. Fuck me!" Chris yelled as I continued to drive my rock hard cock deeper into his perfect ass. 

"God, this is so hot." I could hear Rose say over the speakers. 

I pulled out and pushed Chris off the bed and onto his knees so that he was facing Rose on the laptop. I climbed down behind him, pushed his face to the floor and re-entered his ass. I looked up at Rose whose face was now pure lust.

"Is this what you wanted to see?" She bit her lip and nodded. I kept fucking Chris. "Is this what you want me to do to you when you get home?" 

"Oh, god yes!" She said. "I can't wait to get home. I am planning so many things for us to do."

I smiled and then went back to focusing on Chris, but keeping my eyes locked with Rose's. Chris was squeezing his ass onto my dick, massaging it as I fucked him. Rose held up a finger to the camera and walked away from the screen. When she came back she was wearing her strapon with a very realistic flesh colored dildo. 

"I figured I should fit in a bit better." She angled the camera and then stroked it like it was a real cock. At that point the sight of Rose stroking her strapon and the feel of Chris's ass became too much and I started cumming. I let out a low moan as my balls drained into him. When I was done, I pulled out and sat back against the bed. Chris collapsed onto his stomach and the gap I had made in his asshole slowly closed. 

"Wow," Rose said. "You guys are amazing. I am glad you were able to meet."

I smiled.

Chris rolled over and looked at me. "Oh, I should have clarified earlier. When I said we shared everything it was mostly boys. Welcome to the club."