 I lay on Gideon's bedcovers, the same sickly beige as the rest of the decor. It was extremely untidy but cleaner than my own abode. The smaller man pulled my shirt up slightly to expose my midriff, planting soft kisses along my naval. He blushed even more and I pulled him close by his hips, forcing his head into the crevasse and gasped as his tongue ran over my nape. 

I forced him into a deep kiss, delving my tongue into his mouth and tasting his sweet bramble lips. I tilted his head upwards before flipping him over and pinning him down by his hands, as I knew he loved. I entwined our fingers and grinned, savouring the body beneath me. 

The bed didn't seem so sickly anymore. The velvet tones mixed with Gideon's rich hair, his flushed face and red mouth. I grinned insanely again and unzipped his booty shorts, sliding them down his smooth pale legs and running my hands between his thighs, up his hips and sides, making him mewl and shudder. 

"Undress me, kitten" I whispered making my hot breathe linger in his ear. I sat up and felt Gideon's shaky and inexperienced hands pull off my tie, loosely pulling it around his own neck letting each side drape over his shoulders playfully. He pulled down my dress trousers and ran his finger through the band of my boxers before I grabbed his wrist to stop him masturbating me. 

"No. Not with that. Sit up and bend over," I said more softly whilst stroking his hair. He did so and i pulled my own boxers off, exposing my throbbing erect cock. His face flushed more and he seemed excited and aroused, so he was enjoying himself. He bent forward and took me in his mouth, doing his best to coat me with saliva to lubricate me. deepthroating and moaning in delight. I instructed him what to do before gently pulling him up by the shoulders. He looked at me innocently. 

"Come on Gideon, I know you're not a virgin. You can do better than this," I coaxed. I didn't want to instruct him, I wanted him to feel free to to what he wanted with my sex. 

"I- I've only ever done it with you. And that was only once. I might as well be a virgin," he admitted sadly. I chuckled and kissed him again. 

"At least that means I know you can take me. And I know that you're a loyal kitten," the word loyal stabbed my chest like a blade but I didn't let my pain show. I was going to give Gideon what he had been longing for: me. He deserved it of course, and I needed the release as well. 

I turned Gideon over, him willingly going along with everything I did. It was clear he was still shy and submissive when it came to sex and that just made him even cuter to me. I positioned myself behind him and grabbed his hips, beginning to slide forward. He made a yelp and I slowed down. 

"Sorry kitten," I apologised "you're so sexy I forget to be gentle." 

I stroked my hand through his hair trying my best to savour this. Once I was sure my kitten was prepared, and I'd pleasure him to make him moan my name, I tried again. 

I pushed in his sphincter more, and reached around to stroke Gideon's member to make him feel the pain less. I ran my hand up to his shaft and low moans escaped from the smaller man. I buried my cock inside him to the hilt and thrusted back, trying to hit Gideon's prostate. 

A shudder and low moan told me I'd hit it. I pounded at the same angle, feeling him tighten whenever he moaned. I allowed myself to work a rhythm and continued to pump Gideon's member too, slowly and in sync. The body below me wriggled and the most eliciting sound of pleasure erupted from his diaphragm. I fucked him hard whilst stroking his length. 

I felt his thick member throb in my hand before he came on his stomach, forcing his sphincter into releasing a powerful contraction to tighten around my own member, making me scream his name and cum inside him. I gasped and allowed the tendrils of ecstasy ebb away at my conscious. 

I rolled off him and onto the bed, my eyes taking some seconds to focus on The ceiling. I heard shallow breathes from the form next to me before he crawled over and buried his head in my chest, his knees high and cuddling into me. I grinned and played with his hair until the white haze of sleep captured us both in her lucid embrace. 

"You know what?" I asked with a laugh, my voice almost a whisper. Gideon turned over and I stroked his neko ears, feeling how the silk tickled my skin. 

"What, master?" He smiled cutely. His face was expecting, hoping against hope that id say what he needed me to say. 

"I know what we are now," I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and held him close, and eventually felt him drift off into slumber, content simply in being held by me. 

"We're lovers," I whispered.