 I had to leave at 07H to get to the bus stop by 7:20. The bus took me an hour, along with a ten minute walk to the university. This would allow me twenty minutes to drink tea and prepare course notes for my horribly dull philosophy undergraduate class. I was planning on failing all of them for their sheer lack of open mindedness and nonexistent ability to think critically. Not their fault of course, but undoubtedly I couldn't open their minds. 

That morning however, I wasn't the only one who was rushing around. Garland seemed to be in a hurry too, for no reason I could fathom. He didn't work or attend college, so his hastened behaviour confused me. He usually was not even wakened until noon. I didn't question him, and left at 7 as always with a wave, a kiss and a smile. 

Garland was alone, but still rushing. He had to make it before 8. He felt awful about what he was going to do, the significance of it. But this was what he'd always wanted of course. Yearned for despite his little scapegoat relationship he was not yet bored of. 

"He'll never find out," Garland told himself, getting as ready as possible by doing his hair and makeup, and hiding the dress I bought him from Harrods underneath my overcoat, which he planned to return afterwards. He then left, didn't lock the door and made his way towards the primary school. 

About a street away from the primary school was the mans home. The house was simple and had a two story staircase, this evident as he peeked through the door window. Garland noticed he who lived there never took care of the garden, as I devoted many an hour to the task. He knocked on the door and the man opened it, making Garland blush when he saw the source of his lust. The clock struck 8. 

~

8:30 

~ 

Garland was sprawled on the man's large bed, the sheets soft against his skin. He was crying out it utmost ecstasy and pleasure. He'd never felt such a feeling. Not from his boyfriend anyway. He murmured that it felt amazing, and relieved a violent kiss in response, the lips crushing his in a crescendo of moans and a transfer of fluids. 

The man atop him continued to thrust his cock inside Garland, creating electric shocks in Garland's back, making him mewl loudly and push his ass back, his lips bruised as the man hickeyed his collarbone, leaving angry red marks. It felt exhilaratingly electric to be marked that way by this man. 

The man above moaned too, his voice husky and dripping with even more raw driven pleasure. He yelled and thrusted harder, leaving himself buried inside Garlands asshole to the hilt, allowing Garland to shiver from the light touch his balls made to the younger males scrotum. 

"I'm ready!" He screamed. 

Garland who had been holding back, shot his load, spilling onto the bedsheets before almost fainting from the intense effect sex had on his body. The older man on top shot his cum into Garland and both fell onto the bed, the man wrapping his arms around Garland. 

"You're such a good fuck," the man commented, his voice husky and spent. 

"Thank...thank you Hakaryu,". 

~

I got back from the university at 18H, the complaints of boring eighteen year olds ringing in my ears. Those and the lecture from my boss. The students were old enough to know what a love bite is, there shouldn't be a problem with me having one in class. What was I meant to do, use makeup? Thankfully the uni couldn't fire me since I got the best results in the city. 

When I got home I saw Garland sitting on my bad. His makeup was smudged and erratically applied, his neck and shoulder covered in circular bruises. I ran towards him. I studied the bruises and frowned. 

"Who hurt you?!" I demanded, holding Garland tight in my embrace. He gave me a befuddled look, then a solemn one. 

"Izaac I...I fell down the stairs!" 

I blinked. 

"We don't have stairs," I said dumbly. Had Garland bumped his head and gotten a concussion?

"I fell down...the stairs at the library! Yes! That's it! I went looking for you there and fell down the stairs!" He saved, I noticed he was beginning to sweat slightly, possible from anxiety. His hands shakily leaned on mine, but there was hesitation in that action also. 

"Oh, okay. Just remember I teach on Tuesday!" I smiled "but I'm glad you're okay," 

I danced across to finish housework, and it didn't take long for Garland to realise he wasn't satisfied. I acted more feminine and submissive since the Harrods incident, and I didn't fuck him so hard anymore. Nobody ever saw that side of me, but since I believed Garland loved me I decided to show him it. And the bruises... 

/Ugh/ Garland thought /For a smart person he really is a dullard/. 

Hakaryu gave him more than I could. He was obsessed and smitten with the cold man who'd rejected him so long and when that man finally asked him for rough, overwhelming sex- how could he refuse, hm? Soon he felt my form above his on the bed, my hot body brushing against his. 

"You seem troubled. Let me take your mind off the fall today, hm?" I asked trying to be as nice as possible. Garland forced a smile and a lustful look, but he couldn't make himself blush for me like he used to. 

He laid back on the rough bedsheets and let me trail hot kisses down his neck, licking the sweet spot that made him writhe with pleasure. I skillfully licked around his collarbone, tracing the joints of his shoulders. I pulled his trousers down and saw he was wearing velvety red panties with floral designs. My cute little rose was such a fem. 

I took Garland's long cock in my mouth, swirling my tongue the way that always made moans erupt and precum dribble. I licked along the underside, and teased the head, and looked up at Garland with swimming blue eyes. 

But he just looked uncomfortable and sad- guilty even. His dick was flaccid, and tasted wrong. I frowned, and arched my eyebrow in suspicion and confusion. 

"I'm just not feeling good today babe, that's all. I got really hurt on the stairs," Garland reassured. His chartreuse eyes focuses deep into mine, and I nodded sympathetically. I agreed that we could just cuddle. 

We spent the rest of the evening curled up in pyjamas watching Misery and Children Of The Corn. He hated those but Tuesday night was my choice. Garland tensed whenever I touched him, or approached to hold him in my arms. I eventually just gave up trying to cuddle him or be romantic, and we sat on opposite sides of the couch until I fell asleep.