 I don't even know where to begin. It's such a hard story to tell, and I'm afraid that it doesn't show me in the best light. 

I guess I should start by telling you about myself. I'm a happily married man, 47 years old, 6-2, 190 pounds. Maybe not the best looking guy, but I keep myself in shape and I work out every day. Grey hair, blue eyes, nice smile. 

As I said, I'm happily married, so the idea of something like this happening to me is even more unbelievable. We have a very enthusiastic sex life; it might not be adventurous, but we still manage to have a couple of good romps every week. She still turns me on, even after all these years. 

But I have a little secret that she doesn't know about. Every once in a while, I like to wear panties. Not every day, not even every week. Just now and then, but enough that i do have a few pairs that I keep hidden away for my own private use. My wife has no idea. I only do it when I'm sure that she is very unlikely to see, and I've never worn them to bed with her or anything like that. It just feels good and I enjoy having them on when I'm at work or whatever. 

One day, I had to run a couple of errands around town, and I had decided on a whim that I would wear panties. My wife wasn't with me, so I thought it would be fine to wear them while I went out. No one would see. I like panties that are stretchy and really hug my hips and show off my bulge. I was wearing a pair of mint green bikini panties and I filled them up. My cock would pop out if I got hard at all. But I was just running errands, and no one would know. 

I went to a department store to buy some things, pants for work mostly. While I was there, I realized that my coffee had gone straight through me, and I needed to find a restroom so that I could take a piss. 

I wandered around a little bit, saw a sign for the restroom, and found it soon after. Went down the hallway that looked like no one ever went down there. Even the lights in the hallway were dimmer than the rest of the store. But I was really needing to go, so I just went ahead and went in. 

There was a guy in there, washing his hands. He was about my age, my shape. I stepped up to the urinal and did my business. I have to be sure that I get all of the piss out when I'm wearing panties so that I don't get them wet. So I was standing there, shaking my cock and making sure that I was done. Without thinking, I put my cock back in my pants and pull up my panties to cover. But I didn't fasten my jeans until I had walked a little way from the urinal. 

And he saw my panties. He looked right at my crotch and saw my panties. I couldn't believe that I had just done such a stupid thing. I wouldn't do that if I was wearing regular underwear, and I'm a lot more careful when I'm wearing panties. But I wasn't careful, and I did walk away while still showing my panties, and there was a guy there and he saw my panties. 

I froze. I didn't know what to do. I should have just zipped up, washed up and walked out. I didn't know him, he didn't know me. I had no reason to be embarrassed, but I was just shocked that I had been so stupid. And I stood there, jeans open, panties showing, and he is staring. 

He must have thought that I was giving him an invitation, because walked over, smiled and said, "Nice package." And he reached out and rubbed my cock through my panties! 

I've never done anything with a man, never thought about doing anything with a man. I just like wearing panties! But when he did that, something snapped. I should have backed away, zipped up and told him to fuck off. I'm not gay, dammit!

But instead I groaned. Because it felt so good to have someone rub my cock through my panties. I actually started getting hard right then, and he grinned while he continued to rub. 

He said, "I don't usually pick up men in restrooms, but I'm willing to make an exception. Why don't you come over to my place and you can show me your panties." He was rubbing me, and my cock was already starting to throb. God, I was so turned on, and I had no idea what was going on. 

I just kind of nodded, and reluctantly pulled away from him to zip up. The head of my cock had come out of the top of my panties by this time, and before I could tuck it all back in, he had swirled his finger around the head and rubbed a little bit of precum all over. I thought I was going to faint. It felt so fucking good.

But then I came to my senses and backed up again and tucked him away and zipped up. I went to wash my hands, and he came over and said, "Do you want to follow me to my place? It's only 5 minutes from here."

I dried my hands. And I nodded. It was almost a trance. I had felt things that I've never felt before, and my dick was making the decisions. 

He said, "I'm parked on the east side. Where are you?"

I swallowed hard and said, "Me too. I'm in a silver Camry."

He smiled and said, "I'm in a black Jeep Cherokee. Let's go find our cars. See you in a few minutes."

And I followed him out. There were so many times that I could have just walked away, that I could have made a left turn instead of a right. I didn't have to follow him. But I knew that I wanted to, that I had to show him my panties and then enjoy the results. 

Before I knew it, we had stopped in front of a condo in a nice neighborhood. The place looked very nice, actually, although I don't know what I was expecting. I parked on the street and he had pulled into the driveway. I got out, locked the car and met him as he was walking up to the door.

We went inside, and he said, "Can I get you a drink?"

I shook my head, "No thanks, but feel free to get yourself something."

He came closer, kissed me on the neck from behind and said, "I think I already have what I want." And his hand went straight to my crotch. I had softened up since we had left the bathroom, but his touch sent a shock wave through me and I knew he could feel my cock coming to life. 

I said, "I don't know what I'm doing here. I'm not gay, I've never even thought about doing anything with a guy."

We walked over to the couch, and I sat down next to him, and he said, "It's ok. I'm bi, but I hardly ever do anything with guys. My girlfriend is gone for the weekend, and I wasn't planning on picking someone up. But let's just see what happens."

He said, "Can I kiss you?", and I said, "I don't think I'm ready for that." He agreed.

But he came closer and said, "Show me your panties. I want to see you in just your panties."

I said, "I don't even know your name.", as I started unbuckling my pants. 

He said, "I'm Bruce."

I said, "Hey Bruce, I'm Jerry", and I unzipped my pants. I didn't pull them down yet, because I wanted to get my shirt off first. So I reached up and pulled my shirt over my head and tossed it aside. 

He said, "You must work out. You look great." I blushed, said, "Thanks, yeah.", and I just pulled my jeans down and off. I had only been wearing flip flops so I kicked those aside as well. So it's been maybe 15 minutes since I walked into that restroom, and I'm already down to my panties and showing him what I had in there. 

I was hard, but not so hard that I was peeking out yet. My cock had turned to the side and was working its way around my hip. I could feel it throbbing and begging to be freed, but I had promised him that he could see me. I said, "Do you want me to stand up or what?"

He said, "No, just relax. You don't have to do anything. I'll take care of everything, Jerry. Do you mind if I take off my clothes too?"

I agreed and he stood up and was down to his boxers in less than 20 seconds. His cock was sliding down his leg and I could see just the very end trying to find its way out of the leg hole. Now his boxers were smaller than the ones your Dad wore, but still it was impressive that his cock was able to hang down that far already. 

He sat back down and didn't waste any time. He reached out and rubbed my cock through my panties. I just groaned and my head fell back against the back of the couch. My eyes closed as I savored the feeling of another man touching me and knowing that I wore panties. I felt a freedom that I had never experienced. It wasn't that I was terribly attracted to him; it was the fact that I had showed someone that I wasn't normal, and he had accepted me. 

Before I knew it, my cock had come through the top of my panties and most of it was above the waistband. I'm about 7 inches when I'm fully hard, and I was fully hard. Harder than I've been in months probably. I could feel my heartbeat making my cock throb under his hand. 

And then I felt something warm and wet and wonderful. I looked down and Bruce had pulled down the front of my panties and was sucking me off. My wife stopped doing that about 25 years ago, and I had forgotten how good it felt. Bruce knew how to use his tongue and his hands to stroke me while he sucked. It was so hot, and I completely forgot that I was supposed to be straight. 

I was slowly moving my hips and pushing my cock harder into his mouth, and he was taking me further down his throat. He couldn't take the whole thing but it still felt amazing. I thought that I would cum soon if he kept it up. But he added a little twist to the performance. 

When his mouth took more of my cock, his hands started to caress my balls and then he started moving towards my ass. I guess he had pulled my panties off at some point but I didn't even notice. I don't know what I was thinking because I just spread my legs and let him work his way further into my crack. The feeling of having someone rub my asshole was shocking, and I yelped. I wasn't hurt, I wasn't scared. I just felt a shock that went through my entire body and made my cock tremble. 

He kept sucking and exploring my ass. It just felt so damn good. But then he let go of my cock and said, "Are you ok? I don't want to go too fast if you're nervous." 

I said, "God, that felt wonderful." And my hips were still moving against his hands. He pushed on my asshole a little bit and I moaned. And then he got up and pulled off his boxers. His cock was probably a little smaller than mine, but it was a perfect shape. The head was big and the shaft was thick. He stood there for a few seconds, feeling his cock and pulling his balls away from his body.

Again, I don't know what came over me, but I leaned forward and just took his cock into my mouth. I had no idea what to do, but I knew what I liked and figured that he might like it too. So I licked and sucked and swirled and tasted him. It wasn't a bad taste, really, just very masculine. I knew that my life had changed at that very moment. 

He rubbed my head and said, "Jerry, if you've never sucked a cock before, then you are a fucking natural. God, your mouth is so good." I reached down and felt the weight of his balls. They felt heavy and swung down further than mine. Then I moved up a little and just started stroking him while I sucked. His moans and caresses made me want to do more for him, so I took his balls and sucked each one, then tried to suck both into my mouth at the same time. And now my hands went on a mission to find his asshole. I felt the pucker of his ass, and I rubbed all around it, He groaned like a man who is enjoying a blowjob. 

I went back to his cock and took even more of it into my mouth, while my fingers got more aggressive with his ass. I didn't want to shove my fingers inside without some lube, but I would put just the tip of my index finger inside and I could feel his sphincter opening and trying to suck me further in. 

Bruce was breathing heavy by this time and he moved around so that he could sit down. I continued my assault on his manhood, and I sensed that he was almost ready to cum. I tried sucking harder, varying the speed and the depth and the sucking power. Swirling and licking, probing his ass while I felt his balls with the other hand. He was holding my head in place, but he was gently fucking my mouth. It was very gentle but I knew that he wanted to unload in my mouth. 

I hadn't thought this through, really, and I didn't think about what I would do when he came. But I was so turned on by this time that I just kept sucking. I had most of him in my mouth at this point and he was going to work on my mouth. He was muttering, "Yeah, baby, that's good, you've got a hot mouth, baby. I'm gonna blow my load into you baby. Oh yeah, I'm so close."

And then he let out this deep loud groan and I felt his cock surge and then explode into my mouth. I was shocked by the intensity of his cum, and I did my best to keep up with the ropes of cum that I could feel hitting the back of my throat. After a few seconds, he let out a deep sigh and collapsed onto the couch. I had taken his load into my mouth and had swallowed nearly all of it. I was pretty proud of myself for doing so well on my first blowjob. 

He was caressing me, rubbing his hands through my grey hair, and he said, "Jerry that was the best ever. There's no way that was your first blowjob."

I smiled when I looked up at him, and said, "First one of many, I think." 

And then I realized that I was ready to go. I got up, found my clothes and put them on and was ready to leave shortly after. He said, "Can I see you again?" I nodded and got his email address.

It's so strange. I had enjoyed having him suck me but it was nothing compared to the power of that cock in my mouth. I knew that making him cum was enough for me on that day. 

I'm not going to change my life. I love my wife, and I'm committed to her for the rest of my life. But I have a new friend and I enjoy spending time with him. We get together at least once a week, and we don't always have sex. Sometimes we just drink beer and watch football. And sometimes I take his load in my mouth. I've also let him give me facials, and he has rubbed his cock against my ass while I was wearing my panties. I want him to fuck me, but I haven't worked up the courage to ask. He sucks me now, too, and it feels great. I shoot big loads for him every time, but I still don't enjoy that nearly as much as I enjoy the feeling of his cock. 

And I still wear panties, but now I keep them at Bruce's place, because now that's our little secret.