 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Kaleb inches towards me until our lips touch. I lie back on the bed with him on top of me. His chest has the perfect amount of hair; I rub my hands over his chest. "I love you," I say.

"I know." He unbuckles his belt and unbuttons his pants. "Are you ready?"

"Absolutely." After throwing his pants to the other side of the room, he stands in white boxers. I see the shape of his hard dick protruding from the tight cloth. At the tip, I see a wet spot growing. Pre-cum. 

On the bed, standing on his knees, he grabs me by the ankles and pushes my legs up to my chest, revealing my tight ass. "Corey," Kaleb says.

"Yeah?"

"You should have shaved," he chuckles.

"Will it be a problem?" I ask smiling.

"Not at all." He shoves a dry finger directly into my hole.

I jump.

"Calm down. That's nothing compared to what you're about to feel."

"I know," I say. "It was just unexpected."

He goes knuckle-deep with his index finger, I then feel him attempting to insert his middle finger as well. I take in a deep breath. With two fingers in he slowly spreads them apart. "All right." He takes his fingers out. "I think you're ready." He stands up and takes off his white boxers. His nine inch, cut, hairy dick is as stiff as a flag pole and hard as granite.

He kneels down and spits on my hole. He then gets back on the bed as he was before and places the tip of his granite-like dick against my asshole. With small hip thrusts, his dick gradually invades me. Though invasion implies I don't want it. I guess he's more like a welcome guest who can't wait to enter my house.

I breath steadily as three inches, a third, of his dick is in me when, suddenly, he thrusts, with the power of a pneumatic press, the remaining six inches of his dick in me. I yelp, but he doesn't stop. With the strength of an elephant and speed of a rabbit he fucks me. His hips bounce repeatedly off my ass. 

I moan continuously as he grabs my ankles with white-knuckled fist. The way he grunts is so hot. His face and body are red, and dripping with sweat. His mouth is open with a clenched jaw. Even with having four kids, I know his wife has never been fucked like this before.

He pulls his dick out of me and gets back on his feet. I sit up on the bed quickly and, with urgency, suck his dick. He stands still for the most part. His hands rest on the back of my head. When it comes to blowjobs, he prefers I do all of the work. All except for the occasional time when he'll grab my head and pull me down on his dick, forcing all nine inches in my mouth. But he doesn't do that today.

I suck his dick and lick his balls for a few minutes before he tells me to stop. "Fuck." He takes his hand and jerks his dick off rapidly. He grunts more and more, and his breathing becomes heavier. "Oh God!" He grabs my head with his left hand and pulls me forward. With his dick in my mouth, he shoots one of his biggest loads in a long time. He doesn't pull his dick out until he sure I've sucked and swallowed every last bit of his sticky, delicious cum. 

"Well," Kaleb says while cleaning his hands off with my boxers which were lying on the floor, "I've gotta get going. Kristy expects me home in an hour."

"All right." I get up from the bed. 

"I wish I could stay." He grabs my balls and I'm filled with ecstasy. "It seems like you could use some help."

"I could," I lean forward and kiss him, "but you can't be late."

He sighs. "I know." He kisses me again then leaves after he is dressed. I look out my window and watch as he leaves in his black truck. 

He left at just the right time. My mom gets home with my two brothers ten minutes after he's gone. Nathan, my younger brother, opens my bedroom door. "Hey," he says, " mom forgot to get milk while we were out so she and Trevor are going back out. She wants she wants us to clean the kitchen up."

"All right."

As we put away everything in the kitchen. I notice Nathan's developing physique and muscularity. He's wearing basketball shirts, his calves are tone and semi-hairy. His sleeveless shirt shows his firm biceps. I feel a casual, sexual attraction to him, but considering he's my brother, I've written that off months ago.

"What are you doing later?" I ask him.

"Going out with Jade," he replies.

Jade is his girlfriend. They've been dating for a while, I can't remember when they started. Nathan, I know, is straight. To my knowledge, he's never considered doing anything with a guy. I sometimes like to imagine what would happen if I walked in on him in the shower, and joined him.

"So," I say, "you gonna tap that?"

He blushes. "Well..."

"Or have you all ready?"

He smiles and keeps looking down at the counter.

"It's okay. How were you?"

He looks up at me, shocked that I would ask. "What?"

"Oh come on. We're both adults." He just turned eighteen this June.

"Well...I...she hasn't complained yet."

I laugh. "Look at you. Looks like you've become a man." I pretend to bow down to him.

He laughs and leaves the kitchen. I run to room immediately to deal with my boner. The thought of my little brother having sex makes me so fucking horny, and maybe a little jealous. I lay on my bed with my pants to my knees and stare at the ceiling as I jerk off.

Once I cum, I take a picture and send it to Kaleb's second phone, the one that his wife doesn't know about. If I can't get sexual with Nathan, then I have to continue my affair with a married man, which I'm happy to do.

Kaleb responds to my picture. "Took you long enough," he says.

"You weren't he to get me going." But Nathan was.

He sends back a pic of him in the shower with soap bubbles covering his dick. "You can't tell, but you're pic made me hard. Love you babe."

"Love you too."

I set my phone on my nightstand fall asleep, dreaming of Nathan and Kaleb.

The sound of someone passing my door wakes me up. I get up and go check who it was. I step out into the hallway and see no one. I walk to the right and as I pass Nathan's room I hear quietly sobbing. I knock on the door and open it just a little. He sits on his bed wiping his tears.

"What's wrong?" I shut the door behind me and sit beside him on his bed.

"She broke up with me. She said we just don't 'click' anymore."

"What? Really?"

"No, Corey, I'm making it up.

"No, I... Are you okay?"

"I guess I will be."

"I know you will." I rub my hand on his back. While doing so, I get a terrible idea. "You want me to help you take your mind off of it?"

"How?"

"Well," I shouldn't say this, "don't get weirded out, but when was the last time you, uh, jerked off."

"Uh..." he scoots away from me. "What do you think you're doing?" he asks fairly loud.

I quiet him down. "It's just that sometimes when I'm stressed jerking off makes me feel better."

"Dude. I—leave me alone. Now." 

I get up right away and go back to my room. I lay in bed knowing I made the wrong choice in asking him that. Somehow I manage to fall asleep.

I wake up in the morning and stretch. I get up out of bed and start to leave the room. A piece of paper on my floor, which appears to have been slid under the door, stops me. I pick it up and read it: "Tried what you said. It worked." I set the paper on my nightstand and go promptly to the kitchen for breakfast. 

As I eat the eggs my mom made for me I can't help but think of Nathan. He did what I suggested. It might be a bit presumptuous for me to think this, but I may have just opened the door for Nathan and I to experiment sexually.

After I'm finished with breakfast I go upstairs and stop by Nathan's room. "So," I say after I shut his door, "It worked?"

He smiles. "Yes, it worked."

"See, I told you. Why were you so weirded out by it before?"

"Well, I thought you were implying...something else."

"What?" He doesn't respond. "Just say it."

"I thought you meant for us to jerk off together."

"Oh, like you've never done it with Tyler or your other friend."

"Well..." he looks down.

"That's what I thought. So was it the three of you together, or...?"

"Together," he says like I was pulling his tooth.

"Wow, two other guys? What so different about me. Frankly, I'm offended," I say laughing.

"Well you are my brother."

I laugh and then become serious. I place my hand on his thigh. "If you ever need me, I'll be there. For anything."