 Chapter One

Rob returned to our firm in 1998, 2 years after I had started. I say "returned" because Rob had previously been with us, but left in 1994 to be part of a small plaintiff's firm. When that firm disintegrated, Rob returned "home." I had heard about him, but I had never met him.

I was introduced to Rob in the hallway on his first day back. 6 foot 4 and 200 pounds, he was a 36 year old man who had been a tight end in college. Balding and married, he was not traditionally attractive. But, he had sparkly eyes, a bright smile, thick legs, and an easy style. And, I soon knew he was the kindest man I had ever met. He was the kind of man who made you feel better about yourself simply by deeming you worthy of his friendship.

I was quickly smitten. 

Unfortunately, Rob was as straight as straight could be. He was a religious conservative. He had a little girl. He had a little boy on the way. And, he was from Missouri's bootheel, which viewed gays as cultural terrorists.

Despite our differences (I was an atheist, a liberal, and gay), Rob and I bonded over sports and became fast friends. I soon started calling him "brother," as I viewed him as the brother I always wanted but never had. We shared a love of the Cardinals, Mizzou's Tigers, and each other. We spent countless work hours talking. And, we played softball together every Tuesday night and golf together most Saturday mornings. 

It did not take long for me to realize I wanted to seduce him. When I picked him up for golf, I often held his hand as we drove to the course. I do not think Rob liked it. But, he tolerated it, often with a chuckle.

At my urging, we had recurring "I get to blow you" bets. In almost all of them, it was "if I win, I get to blow you." Again, Rob tolerated me, often with a chuckle. 

When I would win one of the bets, I would immediately raise the issue of collecting. Rob dismissed me with a "yeah, right" or "whatever." I kept track of how many blow jobs I "owed" him. It built to a good number.

Rob knew what I wanted, and he fed my desire. Figuratively, not literally. He pretended, but then balked, notwithstanding his sexless marriage (Rob had been married 10 years, but his wife hated his dick and hated fucking him, so he was left to jerk his dick in the morning as he showered, a fact he readily shared with me).

We had a firm retreat in September, 2011, not long after 09/11. Rob and I were driving down a day early to play golf with friends from our St. Louis office. On the way, we were stopping for the night at his Uncle's lake cabin. As we drove down, I offered to pay off some of my debt that night at the cabin. Rob said nothing.

We left late, so we got to the cabin well after dark. After unloading the car, we settled onto the couch to watch highlights of the Cardinals' game. Out of the blue, Rob asked "did you bring any porn?" When I responded "no," Rob replied only "okay."

We watched ESPN quietly for awhile. Then, Rob announced he was going to bed. As he walked toward the bedroom, he pulled off his T-shirt and his boxers, leaving me a full view of his naked ass. Rob had told me he slept naked, but I did not expect him to do it here, with me in the bed next to him. I certainly did not expect the ass exhibition. I soon went to bathroom and jacked off to the vision of his muscled back and naked ass. Both were great, still firm and ripped from his football days.

As we drove the next morning to our retreat location, Rob offered "if you are going to seduce me, you are going to need porn to do it." I responded "I thought your striptease last night was your attempt at a seduction." When Rob chuckled and replied, "maybe it was," the words hung in the air, neither of us claiming them. We drove on in silence, as I wondered what was going on. 

Rob and I were at the same table for dinner that night. Rob was not a teetotaler, but I had never seen him drink more than one or two beers. That night, he drank many more. By the time dessert was over, Rob was a little drunk.

As we walked out, Rob asked if I wanted to go to his room to watch highlights of the Cardinals game. I was idiotic, but not an idiot. I immediately agreed. We grabbed four beers apiece and headed back to his room.

In Rob's room, he reclined on one bed, and I reclined on the other. When the ESPN highlights had fully run their course for the second time, Rob silently grabbed the remote and started surfing. To my surprise, he settled on a porn channel.

"Do you mind?"

"No, not at all." 

As we watched a man fuck a woman on a bus, Rob asked "does this do anything for you?" I responded that straight porn was fine with me, as it showed a lot of dick. I then told him that I found what we were watching to be incredibly arousing.

Rob responded "Me, too. In fact, I am uncomfortable."

My mouth was dry as shit. I wanted to ask why, but I could not muster those three letters. Finally, I eked out "Because you are aroused, or because you are watching porn with me?"

"Probably a little bit of both." 

"Feel free to do something about the former."

"I think I will." With that, Rob unbuttoned and unzipped his khakis, freeing his hard dick a little.

I was vexed. I wanted to act, but the prospect of action terrified me. I did not know what to do. So, I did nothing.

Rob filled the void, reaching into his khakis and grabbing his dick with his right hand. Slowly, he stared to rub himself through his boxer briefs.

I took a long swig of my Budweiser as I watched Rob rub his bulge. Finally, I mustered the courage to ask "You want me to help you with that?"

Rob did not respond immediately. After a moment, he said "I am not sure that's such a good idea."

I tried to allay his concerns. "If you are worried I will think this will mean more than it does, don't be. I know the lay of the land."

Rob did not say anything in response. But, I took the fact that he was still rubbing his bulge as at least the hint of a possibility. Then, he offered "I appreciate that, but I still don't think it's such a good idea." After a long pause, he added "But, I also am having a hard time passing it up."

With that, Rob stood up and let his khakis fall to the floor. Then, he pulled his boxer briefs down to his ankles and stopped out of them. Finally, he pulled his shirt over his head, leaving him naked and hard in front of me.

His dick was perfect. It stuck straight out. It was thick and long and had a perfect bell-shaped head. It seems odd to say, but I thought it was beautiful. His bush could stand some attention, but his dick was awesome.

My mouth was still bone dry as Rob sat back down on his bed, his back against the headboard, his hard dick standing up and leaning to the left. It was clearly my move. I took another big swig of my Budweiser, stood up, and moved to his bed. He moved his left foot to the floor, freeing the space between his legs. I sat down in front of him, looked him over, and asked "What do you want me to do?"

"I am not sure."

"Can I kiss you?"

"I don't think so."

"Can I lick your nipples?"

Softly, "I think so."

With that, I lowered my lips to the left nipple of Rob's hairy chest. I flicked it with my tongue before taking it into my mouth. Rob twitched. I sucked and licked as I held onto his sides. Rob twitched some more. I moved to his right nipple, sucking it harder than I had sucked the left. Rob moaned.

As I sucked Rob's right nipple, I moved my left hand to his crotch, lightly tickling his side as I did. I then lightly tickled his thighs and balls. As I did, Rob raised his legs, exposing his taint. I gently tickled and rubbed Rob's taint. Rob moaned again and then pushed my head toward his dick with his left hand.

I followed his lead, kissing and licking his hairy chest and stomach as I moved down his body. He moved his left leg back onto the bed, spread his legs wide, and bent his knees, raising them toward his chest. 

Before sucking him, I took another swig of my Budweiser to lubricate my dry mouth. Then, I lowered myself onto Rob's thick, 7+ inch dick until my face was buried in his unkempt bush. Experienced, I swallowed him whole, then I waited for him to force me to move.

It was not long before Rob drew backward, pulling part of his dick out of my mouth. I immediately plunged back down. Rob gasped as I again swallowed his whole dick.

I started to suck him, adding my left hand to his thick shaft as an extension of my mouth. Before long, Rob was rising to meet my mouth in perfect rhythm. 

Unexpectedly fulfilling a fantasy, I want to make this last as long as I could. But, I could not slow myself down. I sucked harder and faster.

I could tell Rob was about to nut. As he got closer, I moved my right hand from his balls toward his asshole. As I circled his anus with my right forefinger, he did not resist. So, I moved my finger to my mouth, soaked it, and slid it into Rob's hairy asshole as I continued to suck his dick.

Rob bucked and moaned as I finger fucked him. As soon as I found his prostate, I heard a ragged "oh God, I am going to come, I am going to come" as his orgasm started, and he unloaded a huge load into my throat. His cum was strong. His load was so big I could not get it all down. Some spilled out. I licked what I could off his dick and then took the whole thing back into my mouth.

I did not want to let loose of Rob's dick, so I sucked it until he forced me to stop. At the same time, I pulled my finger out of his ass.

I pulled myself up. Rob sat up. Our faces were inches apart. I moved to kiss him. Despite his earlier protest, he moved to kiss me back. As our lips met, our mouths opened. Our tongues touched. I kissed Rob as deeply as I could. He kissed me back, just as deeply. I felt like I was floating.

Chapter Two

Rob broke the spell, "Do you want me to reciprocate?"

I was gobsmacked. Was Rob actually offering to suck my dick? Instinctively, I responded "you do not have to do that."

"I think I could."

"Totally not necessary."

"Don't you want to get off?"

"Yes, but I can take care of myself."

"Why don't you fuck me?"

"What?"

"I liked your finger in my ass. So, why don't you try fucking me."

I was totally unprepared for that, mentally and in other ways."I don't have a condom."

"I do. They're in the bathroom."

With that, Rob got up and walked to the bathroom. He returned with a condom and a tube of lube, which confirmed to me that tonight was not a spontaneous act.

I stood and stepped out of my pants. Rob handed me the condom and laid face down on the bed. I ripped open the condom, and I slipped it onto my dick. With the anticipation of fucking Rob, the act of slipping the condom on was almost enough to send me over the edge. I grabbed the tube, lubed my dick, and then reached down to lube Rob's asshole. Then I stopped myself. His football ass looked so good, I wanted to taste it. So, instead of lubing him, I said "spread your legs." He did, and I lowered my tongue to his hole. When I first licked him, Rob clenched. "What are you doing?"

"Eating your ass. Do you want me to stop?"

"I don't know. I don't think so."

With that, I started eating in earnest. As I did, he pushed back against me. I opened his hole and lapped my tongue around the edges. He shuddered.

"Oh my God . . . Oh my God."

I slid my index finger back into Rob and worked it around, searching again for his prostate. When I found it, Rob let out a long, deep, gutteral moan.

I thought he was ready. Even if not, I was. I was about to burst.

"This will hurt at first. Let me know if I need to stop."

"Okay."

With that, I put my knees to Rob's thighs and pushed my dick at his asshole. I got nowhere.

"Take deep breaths. And, try to relax."

As my head pushed in, Rob tensed. "Stop for a second."

I massage his ass cheeks, lower back, and sides. He exhaled. 

"You okay?"

"Yeah. I think you can go a little deeper now."

It was not the nice thing to do, but I could not control my dick at this point. My head was the biggest part of my dick anyway, so I forced the rest of it in. Rob sucked in a big breath and grunted "stop."

"I'm sorry, Rob. You want me to pull out?"

"No, just hold it right there for a second. Don't move. I need to catch my breath."

I held perfectly still and looked down. Seeing my dick buried in Rob's ass was almost too much. I felt my balls clench.

"Please go slow. Let me get used to this."

I pulled back very slowly, paused, and then slid back just as slowly. As I kept my glacial pace up, I felt the tension in Rob's ass release. I sped up. Before long, I had my hands on his hips and was fucking him.

As I quickened my pace and felt my orgasm approaching, Rob told me to stop for a second. 

"Am I hurting you?"

"No, I want to turn over so I can watch as you come." 

I pulled out, and Rob flipped over onto his back. I repositioned myself between his legs. He raised his feet in the air, smiled at me, and I smiled back. I put my right hand on his right hip bone, and I used my left hand to guide my dick toward his hole. 

Rob inhaled sharply as I slid back into him. When I was all the way in, I lowered my face and sucked each of his nipples. As I did, Rob grabbed my ass and tried to tried force me deeper into him. 

"Fuck me."

I did. Quickly, we were in perfect rhythm, with Rob's ass meeting my thrusts. As I got closer, I started to sweat, as did Rob. Before long, we were both covered with it. When Rob dug his hands into my ass, I lowered my face to his and exploded inside the condom wrapped around my dick.

As I did, Rob announced "oh god, I'm close." Taking the cue, I pulled out of Rob and took his dick into my mouth again. Almost immediately, Rob unloaded. I gulped down each volley, devouring Rob's seed as he pumped his dick into my mouth. Full, I collapsed onto Rob's chest, exhausted. Rob wrapped his arms around me. After awhile, I raised my head to look at him. Rob smiled at me and pulled me to his mouth for another deep kiss. 

When we broke, I said "I thought you did not want me to kiss you."

"I just did a lot of things I did not think I wanted to do." 

"I'm spent."

"Me, too."

I stood up and started to dress.

"You can stay here tonight, if you want."

"You sure?"

"I am."

I pulled my boxers back off and climbed into bed. Rob turned off the light, and pulled me toward his chest. He wrapped his arm around me and kissed the back of my neck. His chest was pressed against my back. His soft dick was pressed against my ass. Soon, we were fast asleep.

Chapter Three

I woke up thirsty as shit at just past 5. I was still pressed against Rob, with his arm draped over me. I slid out from under it, and went to the bathroom for water. When I returned, Rob was on his back, and his soft dick lay on his thigh. There is very little I like more than feeling a guy harden in my mouth. So, I moved between Rob's legs and took his soft dick into my mouth. I started to lick around the head. Rob stirred and moved his legs apart to yield space. As I worked his dick with my tongue, I could feel him starting to harden.

"What time is it?"

I pulled my mouth off his dick. "Time for you to fuck me. Hand me the lube."

"I'm not sure about this."

"I am. Now, hand me the lube."

He did. I filled my hand, then smeared Rob's knob and my ass. I straddled him. 

"Hold your dick straight up." He did as instructed, and I lowered myself until his head was pressing against my entrance. Experienced at this, I offered little resistance as he entered me. I slid slowly down to the base of his dick and just sat there. I was teasing him, and I knew it. 

I leaned forward and placed my hands on his chest for leverage and to get a better angle. I was about to ride his dick hard.

My movements gave him an opening, and he took it. He pulled back, and then slammed up into me. When he pulled back again, I met him as he slammed up into me. Quickly, we were in a rhythm, and he was fucking me as deeply as he could. When I thought he was close, I clamped down and stopped moving. 

"I'm so close."

"I know. That's why I stopped. I want this to last a little while longer. Just lay still. Let me do the work for a bit."

I felt his orgasm ebb. I had edged him. When I thought it was safe, I started riding his dick again, searching for my prostate. When I found it, it was my turn to shudder. 

I rode him very slowly. I felt every inch of him as he slid in and out. I started to ride him faster. Each time his dick rubbed my prostate, a little jolt shot through me. 

I felt his hands on my ass as he started fucking me again. We got back into rhythm. I started to drip sweat from my chest and forehead. I felt Rob's orgasm build and he started to pant.

"That's it. Fuck me. Fuck me as hard as you can."

He slammed into me. I started to moan as I could feel my own orgasm approaching.

"Come inside me."

His dick throbbed as I felt him come as directed. We had not gotten a condom, so he unloaded in my ass. Repeatedly. He clenched his stomach muscles and raised his head as he did. I kept sliding on him, my ass now thick with his cum. To my surprise, he grabbed my dick in his right hand and started jerking it. I came in no time, sending my first shot onto the headboard, my second onto his face, and my third, fourth, and fifth onto his chest and stomach. I collapsed onto him, smearing my cum between our chests and stomachs. I raised up and looked him in the eyes. He smiled, and I lowered my face to his. Instead of kissing him, I licked my cum off his cheek and ate it. He laughed as I did. He had not expected that.

As I climbed off of him, he slipped out of me. I went to the bathroom, let as much of him run out of me as I could, and cleaned myself off. I then returned to the bedroom with a warm washcloth. I cleaned his stomach and chest and then his dick. 

"We should try to get some more sleep." 

I agreed. When we woke up, I dressed and returned to my room. We drove back to Kansas City the next day, not once mentioning what had happened Friday night and Saturday morning.

My Married Friend (Part Two)

When I awoke the next morning, I had no idea what to expect. Last night could have signaled a new chapter, been an aberrant interregnum, or been the rueful end to an old story. I was not sure which, but I knew I had little control over the ultimate direction Rob and I would take. 

Rob was still asleep, his back to me. I moved to my back, put my arms behind my head, and listened to him sleep. He was breathing deeply, and snoring lightly. After a bit, he stirred, rolling over on his back. I could tell from the tented sheet that he was sporting morning wood. I wanted to grab it, hold it, suck it, drain it, but I feared rejection if I tried. I am not very good at rejection.

Apparently, Rob was looking at me looking at him. "I do not think I am up for any more."

I looked at him and smiled. "Your dick disagrees." 

"I am not gay."

"I am."

"I know. But, I'm not."

With that, he got out of bed. "I am going to shower and get ready to head home. I will meet you in the lobby in 30 minutes."

I had been dismissed. After Rob pulled the bathroom door shut behind him, I dressed, and headed back to my room to shower. Our direction seemed undetermined, but the "new chapter" seemed to have been eliminated as a possibility.

We were well into the drive home before I broke the silence.

"Are you okay?"

"I will be. I am feeling a little immoral right now. I cheated on my wife, which is bad. And, I cheated with a man, which is worse."

"Some might argue that a man is not cheating at all, especially when the man is your best friend. . . . Anyway, I'm not good with guilt, as I think it's wasted emotion. So, there is not a lot I can offer you. I do what I do, chalk it up to experience, and move forward."
