 Whenever I think back to my youth, I can't help but think of my friend David. My best friend for so long and the only man in my life I had ever loved.

I met David when I was a teenager. We were in the school athletics team together and we were in constant competition with each other. He was taller than me and had more power in his limbs, but I was smaller and a lot faster. It made for great competition.

As we grew, we left school, went to university together, studied the same degree together (Sports Science) and essentially did everything together. We were closer than brothers. We would party, hang, even score together. On more than one occasion we'd managed to pull girls who wanted us both at the same time and who were we to disagree with their desires?

However, my time with David changed when we were in our mid twenties. We were living together in a nice two bedroom flat with a great view of South London. By this point we'd been living together as room mates for about 6 years with nary an argument. We worked as personal trainers for the same chain of health clubs, though in different centres across London.

Because of our jobs, we were both very fit. As I said, I was shorter, my 5'9 frame being lean and toned, with excellent muscle definition. My blonde hair was always slightly unkempt but the ladies seemed to like it, so I kept it at length but didn't bother with styling it. David on the other hand was very meticulous about his appearance. Every Saturday he was at the barbershop for a beard trim (designer stubble was always his thing) and a haircut. He'd usually follow that up with a body wax and then he'd buy some clothes or something for the impending night out we'd be planning.

Being two single guys, Saturday nights were our hunting grounds. Almost without fail we'd both go out, hit the clubs, meet some attractive young things and bring them home for drinks and, well, you can guess the rest. Sometimes we'd bring home one girl between us, a few times we brought home a group and it turned into a bit of an orgy. It was a fun life.

Because of all this, both David and I were very comfortable with seeing each other naked. We could easily walk through the flat in the nude and the other wouldn't ever say a word. There was never anything sexual between us, until that first night. That night which changed everything.

We'd been out on our normal Saturday night prowl, but for some reason, probably due to the winter weather outside, we didn't manage to find anyone to bring home. That wasn't for the lack of trying, incidentally. David had made some great progress with a young dental nurse with an amazing body when her boyfriend randomly turned up in the club and we both made a hasty getaway to save ourselves from a distinct beating.

So come 2am, we returned home, cold, quite drunk and horny, yet entirely frustrated.

We both plonked down on the sofa, a little deflated.

"Ugh, I can't believe we struck out" David moaned. I grunted an agreement with him. We'd had such a long period of success with ladies, we were stunned that we'd finally had a weekend with no one to have sex with.

"I think I might watch some porn. It would be a shame to let this buzz go to waste," I said, getting up to go to my room

"Wait" David replied, "bring your laptop out here, I'll roll a joint and we'll watch a porno together, like we used to".

I hadn't thought of it in ages. When we were in University we didn't have the best internet connection, so we ended up sharing one computer for all of our porn and frequently would sit side by side jerking off to some film I'd downloaded from a filesharing site.

"Alright , you get rolling, I'll get the computer" I replied.

I scrabbled on my desk, unplugging cables and retrieving the laptop charger from my messenger bag. As I walked back into the living room I smelled the distinct aroma of David's particular breed of weed. He'd gotten a couple of beers and set them on the coffee table as he was taking away on the joint.

I sat down next to him, took the joint and took a long toke. It had been so long since I'd gotten high, the smoke hurt my lungs and I coughed. David laughed

"You fucking lightweight" he chortled, taking the joint back from me.

I flipped him the bird as I opened the laptop and opened up the browser, directing to a favourite video site of mine. I connected the HDMI lead to the TV and shared the screen so David could help pick what to watch.

"Well?" I asked him, "what do you want to watch".

David paused for a second, holding the weed smoke in his lungs. When he finally exhaled, he said "search for MMF threesome."

"Why?" I pondered.

"Because if that girl's boyfriend hadn't turned up, that's what we were going to be doing" he smirked.

"She was interested in me too?"

"Yeah, man"

"fuck. She was so hot too."

David laughed as I set the search off. 800,000 videos were returned.

"Okay then, pick one" I said to David as I took the joint back off him. He took a swig of his beer and thought deeply for a minute.

"Go to page 12" he said. I handed the joint, took a swig myself and obliged.

"What's on page 12?" I asked, slightly worried of the answer.

"No idea, mate. I just always seem to find the best videos on the 12 page on this site" He scanned the results on page 12.

"There! That one." He pointed at the TV, "Stockings Slut Pounded By Two Dicks. We'll watch that one."

I coughed again, clicked on the video and sat back, passing the last of the joint back to David.

The video started, as so many do, with an impossibly hot woman dressed in heels and lingerie opening the door to two musclebound guys. We smirked at the terrible dialogue while we finished our beers. Within a few minutes the guys were pawing at the woman and undressing her. She got onto her knees, unleashed their mammoth cocks from their jeans and started taking turns at sucking them off.

At this point I could feel my cock stirring, so I took my shirt off, unbuttoned my jeans and slid them off. David was doing the same as I stood up and pulled my boxer shorts off, leaving me naked and starting to get erect. "It's a shame there's no one here to play with this" I thought to myself. I'm not hung like a pornstar, but I have a good 7 inches and some decent girth. David, however, was hung like a horse and I was always a touch jealous of his luck. Somehow, despite his size, he always seemed to be able to convince girls into anal too, a trick he was never willing to share with me.

As the girl on the video bent over to take the first cock, we had both settled into a gentle rhythm of jacking off. The video was 28 minutes long and in the past when we'd jerk off to a film, we'd both try and go as long as possible, just one further facet to our competitive nature.

Within a few minutes we were both at a good rhythm beating ourselves while watching this woman take two cocks like an absolute pro. It was an undoubtedly hot video, one of the best I'd seen in a long time.

About halfway through, both me and David had come close to cumming and slowed down as the woman on screen was being double penetrated. One of the guys was lying on his back, with the girl taking his cock from behind, facing away from him while the second guy was fucking her pussy. It was so hot it was unreal. Then something happened that neither of us expected.

The guy who was fucking the girl's pussy got up, moved round to her head and kissed her, then all of a sudden put his cock in the other guy's mouth! The other guy started dutifully sucking his friend's cock while he continued fucking the girl's tight ass. We both stopped jerking, but didn't stop watching. It was awkward for a second, we were surprised, having never seen a video go like this in the past, especially one that wasn't advertised as a "bi mmf threesome".

I leant forward to change the video and felt David's hand on my shoulder.

"leave it" he said, "it's really good, don't you think?"

"Are you sure?" I replied, looking a bit puzzled.

He smiled back at me, "yeah, it's still hot, leave it running."

I shrugged and leant back on the sofa again. We both resumed our masturbation as the antics on screen became more and more dirty. By this point, both the girl and the guy who had been fucking her ass were on their knees taking turns to suck the other guy's cock. Everyone was enjoying it and to be honest, so were we.

Then the biggest surprise of the night. While Jerking away dutifully, I felt David's hand touching mine, He reached over with his left hand and cupped around my right hand as I jerked. I looked over at him and he was looking intently as my cock. He slowed my rhythm, then his fingers slid between mind and unlocked my hand from my member. Grasping me tightly, he then started jerking me with his left hand while jerking himself with his right.

It felt so good. Say what you want, someone else's touch is always better than your own. I arched my back and moaned as I continued watching what was going on in the film. By this point the two guys were 69ing while the girl was eating the ass of the guy on top.

"Mark..." I heard David say with a trembling voice.

"Yes?" I asked, turning to face him.

I didn't get a reply, but he leaned in and kissed me. I felt a shock of excitement rush through my body, from my toes to my head, it was almost electric. We kept kissing for what felt like hours, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. He didn't let go of my cock throughout the whole exchange, but in the moment I found myself gripping his and jerking him off.

He broke the kiss, looked me in the eyes and said "We can stop, if you want". I didn't want to stop. I kissed him again, the excitement flowing through me and making my dick twitch.

When the kiss ended, he smiled at me, took my hand off his member, let go of mine, then shifted forwards on the sofa. He smiled once more then leaned over and kissed the tip of my cock. I put my hand on the back of his head as he opened his mouth wide and gently started to suck.

I moaned instantly with pleasure. It was clear that this was his first time giving a blow job but I didn't care, he was still sucking me off and it felt amazing. His lips dragged sensually over my shaft as he bobbed his head up and down. Before I knew it, my excitement got the better of me and I unleashed what felt like an endless torrent of cum. David, however, sealed his lips around my shaft and didn't lose a drop. He slid his mouth off me as my orgasm subsided and made a show of swallowing my seed.

"Your turn," he said with a cheeky smile as he lay back on the sofa and presented his cock. I felt so nervous, I'd never done anything with guys before and I knew this would change our friendship. However, he'd just swallowed my cum, who was I to deny him the same. I looked up at the screen and the guys were fucking each other while the girl was sat playing with a dildo. If those guys can do it, so can I.

I got on my knees, grabbed his immense unit between my hands and teasingly kissed the end of It. He smirked at me, raising an eyebrow, I opened my mouth and slid my tongue from the stem to the tip. He was vibrating with pleasure at this. "Don't tease me..." he gasped.

I opened my mouth and laid my lips on his helmet. I sucked like a child would suck a lollipop, which seemed to agree with him. I opened my mouth a little more and slid a little further down his cock, still sucking away. He put his hands on the back of my head and gently pushed my head down further onto his cock. I felt his head reach the back of my throat and I couldn't believe that I was only halfway down the massive dick. I pulled my head back, dragging my teeth on his shaft. He loved this, his legs bucked and he moaned in intense pleasure. I carried on dragging my teeth over his cock for a little while until I lifted my head off.

"Are you enjoying that?" I asked with a smile.

"Don't... stop"

I started again, this time sucking harder, moving my head faster and jerking at the stem with my hand. I could feel his cock pulsing in my mouth and in my hand as he moaned louder and louder

"Oh fuck... I'm going to cum!" he yelled.

I tried to take my head off his cock to let him burst but he held my head on. He came with an almighty moan and I felt rope after rope of cum splash against the back of my throat. He held my head with all his strength until he had finished.

"Swallow it..." he panted.

I did, I felt all of the cum slide down my throat, but unlike him I hadn't been able to keep it all in my mouth. His cock was covered in cum, so I kept on sucking, making sure he was finally clean.

Finally able to lift my head and take a breath we panted in unison. I looked around at the video and the guys had finished, covering their female playmate in what looked like gallons of cum.

David was nearly unconscious after his mammoth orgasm. I stayed on my knees, kissing at his hard abs, putting my hand on his still twitching cock.

"Do you want to go further?" I asked him.

"Yes" he panted.

"Good, because I'm hard again" I said, standing up and showing off my solid erection. David reached into the cabinet by the sofa and produced a bottle of hand lotion (given that he was frequently jerking off on the sofa). He sat up and spread the lotion on his hands, then with a gentle kiss on the head of my cock, grabbed it with both hands, slathering it with the hand lotion. He got up and we kissed. I then turned him around and bent him over.

Taking the hand lotion, I spread some in to his ass crack, massaging it in and a slid a cheeky finger into his ass. He moaned in surprise as I slid a second in and wiggled them around to help spread his tight ring open.

"Hold on tight" I said as I positioned myself and placed my helmet in his ass crack. I slid it down till I felt it settle where his asshole would be, then I gently pushed forwards.

"FUCK!" he yelled as pain shot through him. I felt his body go hot as he breathed heavily attempting to get past the initial pain. I slid further, and further into him. As I got as far in as I could I gently moved backwards, moaning in time with him as he got used to my cock in his ass. Gradually I started to move backwards and forwards, gently building up the speed. Within a couple of minutes I was fucking him like I would fuck anyone else... HARD.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" he was yelling in time with my thrusts as he jerked at his cock. The tightness of his ring was superb and felt great for me. Within minutes I was close to cumming but I tried to hold back because I didn't want this to end.

I made an almighty thrust and pushed as far into David as I could. He let out an almighty scream as my cock must have hit his prostate, he convulsed and ejaculated an enormous amount of cum onto the sofa. I didn't let him recover though, I kept on fucking him harder and harder until I could feel myself about to peak

"I'm gonna cum, David, I'm close!" I yelled.

"Cum in me, cum in my ass" he replied, which was all I needed to hear. I unleashed my cum deep into his ass. I moaned in pure bliss as did he. We stayed perfectly still for about a minute as my erection subsided. I pulled out of him, covered in my own cum. He stood up, slightly shaky from the ordeal I'd subjected him to. We kissed again.

"I'm going to bed" he whispered. He kissed me once more and walked off to his room.

I stood for a second, taking in what had happened to us. Best friends, brothers from different families had now become lovers. It was intense.

As I walked towards my room I heard him call out "Are you not coming?"

He didn't have to tell me twice.