 I had been trying to find a bi top for some regular fun for what seemed like forever. Sure there are plenty of crazy guys, guys just into giving blow jobs or into strange kinky things. But finding a guy who likes to top other guys and make love to them is a rare thing where I'm from.

That is until I met Stan. We began right here on Lit sending PMs to one another. Then exchanged pics over email. I knew right away after seeing his pics that I wanted him inside me. He was just my type. Older (He was 54) with a bigger build and hairy 6'2 and 240 lbs.) 

I may have come across as being a little aggressive trying to get him to actually meet up with me. It seemed he would never actually meet. He just would send messages whenever he got horny but then would never commit to meeting me. It also sucked he didn't have skype. I love jerking off for guys on skype and find you can get a feel if there is any real spark or attraction prior meeting.

Then after a few months of sending teasing emails and naked pics of myself in all kinds of sexy poses he agreed to meet. We were going to a bar for a few beers and agreed to keep it pressure free. If we weren't feeling one another it would be cool for either of us to back out.

Since he was married and I have a girlfriend who lives with me we agreed to meet one workday at lunch. I had lusted over his pics for so long there was no way I wasn't going to be laying under his big hairy body with his cock sliding deep inside me that day. It took some more time to finally find a day we could both carve out a few hours. And when the day finally came it turned out to be a little different than I had imagined.

It was a Monday and I actually took off work that day( since I always lose vacation days at the end of every year anyway). We met outside the bar and smiled at each other and we both seemed happy to finally be meeting. Once inside we had a few drinks and Stan started to give me some very seductive looks. He also started with some dirty talk explaining how he has wanted me for so long but didn't have the nerve to go through with it. We were sitting at a table and the next thing I knew I felt his foot rubbing up my leg. He had taken off his shoe and was rubbing his foot lightly up my leg. Before I realized it I was sitting on the edge of my seat with my legs splayed open. As his toes brushed my rock hard cock I let out a slight moan. Stan gave me another one of his looks and said he thought he could give me exactly what I needed on a regular basis but he had some conditions.

By now all the drinks were getting to me and I had to excuse myself to go to the restroom. While I was peeing in the urinal, Stan came in and stood behind me. I knew someone was there but didn't yet realize it was him. Then he whispered in my ear that he couldn't wait any longer and instructed me to suck his cock. When I turned around he already had his pants down with his beautiful cock pointing straight at me. I immediately dropped to my knees and began kissing the mushroom head of it forgetting where I was for a few minutes. I then started to lick it from the base up to the tip and then back down again. I saw that he had reached over and locked the door but knew it wouldn't be long until someone came knocking. Suddenly he grabbed the back of my head and shoved his cock into my mouth. He kept a firm grip on the back of my head as he began to face fuck me with long deep strokes in and out. I felt soo slutty being used like this and his cock tasted so good. 

When he was deep into my throat my nose was buried in his pubic hair which got me even hotter. We were staring into one another's eyes as he fucked my face and by the look on his face and his quickened pace I knew he wouldn't last very long. I tried to relax the best I could and when he was about to shoot his cum he held his cock deep in my throat as his cock began pulsing into me. Spurt after spurt shooting into me. I loved being used like this and the only thing that sucked was since he was so deep I didn't get to taste much of any of it and just swallowed it all. Very little got on my tongue. When he finished we went back to our table and I had one last drink. Stan only had iced tea since he had to go back to work. 

I had already known his sex life with his wife was pretty boring and not happening that often. So when he told me he hadn't gotten a blow job in a few years I wasn't surprised. 

He told me he was interested in having a regular thing with me but I would need to be available to him whenever he wanted wherever he wanted. He said if I missed even one request he would be done with me as he didn't have time to play around. I happily agreed without hesitation and he seemed very pleased.

As soon as I got in the car after leaving the bar I took off my shoes, socks and pants so I could JO while driving home. I didn't get fucked as I had hoped but felt turned on by the whole experience and rubbed spit into my cock as I drove. It wasn't long before I came.

I didn't hear anything for a few days and then on Thursday morning I got a message saying he wanted to fuck me that afternoon. I was told to go to his house and be there by 5 PM. His wife would be out that evening until around 7. This didn't give me much time to rearrange my schedule and come up with an excuse for my GF but I wanted him so badly I would make it work.

The garage door was open when I got to his house and I saw him waiting. As I entered he quickly closed the door and kissed me very deeply and passionately. We both had our hands all over one another as we continued to kiss and he began to undress me. When I was naked he brought me to a workbench and turned me around. He had me on all fours on the bench with my ass facing him and he started to lick my hole which I love.

He seemed to really be enjoying himself and spent a long time licking and fucking my hairy hole with his tongue. Only occasionally reaching around to give my cock a quick stroke. 

Then he flipped me over so I was facing him. Without saying anything he took off his clothes, grabbed my legs to pull me closer to the edge and leaned into me as he kissed me deep. I felt his cock head touch my hole then pull away several times as he kissed me, It was driving me wild teasing me like this. Then he started whispering in my ear how hot I was making him and he began nibbling on my ear. Slowly I felt him press into my hole. It was so slow it seemed it took a full minute until his entire length was inside me. He remained fully in me while we were kissing and I was so ready to get fucked by him. I begged him, asking to please make me his slut. He began to withdraw his cock from me almost as slow as he went in. Then began to fuck me with a slow but steady pace. His hands were all over me. Touching my feet and pinching my nipples. Then occasionally giving my cock just one stoke then letting it go. 

I had never kissed anyone as much as we did that night. He never stopped the entire time he was fucking me. As his pace quickened I knew he would cum soon and asked him if he would shoot it in my mouth when he was ready. He smiled back at me and said "sure my little slut". I grabbed cock and began rubbing spit on it and that coupled with how his cock was making me feel I started cumming all over myself. Stan rubbed it around on my belly and chest and on my feet and legs (there was a lot to spread around).  

Then he picked me up and laid me on the concrete floor of the garage. Never taking his cock out of me. I was now laying under him as his body was pressed on top of mine as he fucked me. His head was next to mine as he was whispering in my ear and I was sucking on his neck. It felt so slutty being covered in my cum as he continued fucking me for several more minutes. Then he stood up and put his cock a few inched from my face while pushing my head into the ground. He stroked it with his other hand until he shot pump after pump on my waiting tongue. I was in heaven eating all of his cum as he was still posting his weight on his other hand on my head. It was not thick and ropey but more liquidy. The kind I like most.

We kissed and he told me I needed to get going since his wife and kids would be back soon. I was told to be waiting for his next message and he couldn't wait to fuck and use me again.

(look for part 2 of this story)