 ############################################ 

Author's note – Thank you so much for all the wonderful feedback, views and ratings on chapter 1. It's the first time I've ever written erotic fiction and I'm so happy that it's been so well received. Mark and David's story will go on and can go on for as long as people like it. I'm also open to suggestions for scenarios if anyone has a scene you'd like to see them in. Please let me know in the comments. Thanks again

###########################################

That first night with David was mind blowing. In all my years, since I'd lost my virginity at 14, I'd never had such satisfying sex. We'd spent the whole night in his bed, kissing and fucking until we were both finally spent in the early hours of the morning. The sun was coming up by the time we were both too exhausted to carry on and we finally got some sleep.

When I woke the next day, I was alone in David's bed. I looked at the clock on his nightstand, it was already noon. "FUCK!" I thought to myself, we were supposed to be going to my parent's house in Kent for Sunday lunch. I launched out of the bed and sprinted to my room completely nude and grabbed my phone. I hastily found my Mum's phone number and dialled

"Oh, hello Mark" she said, answering after a couple of rings, "is everything alright?"

"Yeah, everything's fine Mum" I panted, trying to stave off the dizziness of a head rush, "I'm just calling to let you know me and David will be a little late. I-"

Before I could finish she cut me off with a little laughter

"I see, hot date run over late, did it?" I could tell from the change in her voice that she was greatly amused by this. She never believed how successful I was with the ladies

"Errr, sort of" I stammered, not really knowing what to say, "We'll be leaving shortly, see you at about 2. Is that okay?"

"It's fine honey, just be nice to the poor girl when you send her on her way" I could hear her laughing as she put down the phone. I grumbled under my breath as the tossed the phone onto my bed. I took a minute to compose myself, taking a couple of deep breaths to calm myself down. I always hated seeing my mother, she was incredibly critical, absurdly intrusive into my personal life and I'm fairly convinced that she liked David better than me. To keep her off my back I had an agreement with her that one Sunday a month I would go around for dinner with the family and as long as I attended and suffered for a few hours, she would leave me in peace for the rest of the month. David started coming to them mostly because he found it quite funny how my mother could embarrass me so quickly. That and her food was actually really good.

"Right, shower" I said to myself at last. I grabbed a towel from my radiator and walked towards the bathroom. As I walked past the living room, I could see David sat watching the football highlights, already in his Sunday best, sipping at a cup of coffee. I poked my head into the room

"You could have woke me up, dick" I fired at him

"What? And strip you of the joys of explaining to Barbara why we're going to be late?" he chuckled without even turning around to face me, "No way, that's comedy gold" He laughed a hearty laugh as I grumbled again and headed to the bathroom. I'm not much of a morning person.

In what felt like record speed I relieved myself, shaved and got straight in the shower. The hot water felt good. I figured I'd bought a few minutes to myself with the speedy preparations so I soaped up my hand and started to stroke my cock. I tried to imagine in my mind's eye that there was some hot girl touching me, going down on me, but nothing; there was no reaction from my cock. I tried for a good five minutes to get hard and jerk myself off, but no matter what I tried to imagine I could not turn myself on.

As a last ditch attempt, I cast my mind back to the night before and the sight of David giving me a blowjob. There was an instant reaction, I was hard as a rock within seconds. "Strange", I thought to myself, but I went with it, applying more soap to my hand and building up quite a bit of speed. Before I knew it I had cum all over the tiles in the shower cubicle. Feeling better about myself I washed the thick cum away with the shower head, then finished washing myself down.

After drying myself off, I walked back to my room and got dressed. My mother always insisted on Sunday best, being the deeply religious woman that she is, so I had no choice but to go for a full suit. I picked out a nice tailored blue suit that I'd bought for myself as a treat, matched it with a blue tie, grey silk shirt and shined black shoes. Looking in my full length mirror, even I had to admit I looked good. There's nothing quite like a tailored suit to bring out the best in a man's figure.

I put on my watch and checked the time, it was 12:33. I was making good time. It would take about an hour to get to my parent's house from the flat, so even with the traditional delays that London is known for I was still running pretty early.

I walked back out to the living room

"Come on then, David" I said, picking up my keys, "Time to go"

With a grunt, he stood up and I saw him differently. I'd seen him wear that suit before, it was a black suit he bought on Savile Row, which he always paired with a black shirt and a pale tie. It was the only formal wear he owned, his combination christening, wedding and funeral suit. His "cradle to the grave" outfit as he called it. But looking at him this time, I felt my heart race, he looked so fucking sexy. The feelings were confusing and definitely not what I needed at this time. Before last night I'd never looked at David as anything more than my best mate, but now I was looking at him as the perfect specimen of the male species, a sexual beast that needed to be tamed.

I felt my cock start to twitch and I pushed the thoughts back in my head. I didn't need this today, I just needed to get through dinner with my family. We took the lift down from the flat to the parking garage. We didn't say a word to each other. It's not that it was awkward, but there just wasn't anything to be said. The lift reached the garage and we headed to my black sports car. Within minutes we were out in London traffic and on the way to my parent's house.

As I expected, the journey took us about an hour, given London traffic and the fact that my parents live out in the countryside. As we pulled up the long drive to their large country home, I checked the clock in the car and it said 13:55. Bang on time, well, for the late time, anyway.

We walked into the house and I announced that we'd arrived

"Mum? Dad? Kelly? We're here" I called out

"Just in time, honey" my mother called back, "I'm just about to serve up, go join your father and sister in the dining room".

We walked into the spacious dining room. My dad and sister were already sat, pouring glasses of wine for everyone

"Hi Mark" my sister beamed. Then scowling she just said "David". They'd had a one night stand years ago and Kelly, bless her heart, was always a bit cold with David until she'd had a glass of wine.

We walked in, I gave Kelly a kiss on the cheek and a hug and David went and shook my dad's hand

"Oh, strong grip you've got there, lad," Dad said to him

"Same grip as last time, Frank" David chuckled. He purposefully avoided talking to Kelly until she'd had her first glass of wine and she mellowed a bit.

Mum walked in carrying the roast for dinner and placed it on the table

"Mark, dearest, come give your Mum a hug" she said, opening her arms to me. I, of course, obliged.

"And you too, David" she said. David went and hugged her and, like every other time she saw him, she gave him a pinch on the bum, to which he made his usual exaggerated jump out of the way

"Now Barbara," he joked, "stop it, Frank'll get jealous of us". They both laughed. Every. Fucking. Time.

I sat in my chair, next to Mum, with David sat opposite me next to Kelly and Dad at the head of the table. As Dad carved the meat, the rest of us passed around bowls of vegetables. The conversation flowed, as it did every single time: How is work? How are David's parents? Did you hear about your cousin's latest trauma? Your Dad won/lost at darts. Kelly got a new boyfriend or got dumped again. Every month it was the same and it was mind numbing.

But then the conversation went in a way that I wasn't expecting,

"So, David," Mum started, "tell me about this girl that made you and Mark so late"

I sat bolt upright. I wasn't prepared for this. Both David and Mum chuckled at my outward awkwardness

"Did he not tell you?" David smiled at her, "well, let me think. I didn't see much of her, but she was tall, brown hair, you could tell she was athletic"

I began to sweat. I wanted to scream out in panic and tell him to shut up, but I couldn't say anything

"Did you get her name?" Mum asked. David just smiled at me

"Dav-" he started

"-INA!" I finished, "Davina! Her name was Davina"

Dad and Kelly were staring at me like I was a crazy person. Mum and David were in fits of laughter

"Oh Mark" Mum chortled, "I love you, son, but you're so easy to wind up"

"He's very easy to wind up" smirked David as, without warning, he slid his foot, which he'd somehow managed to get out of his shoe, up the back of my right calf. I could feel myself blushing at this point. David kept stroking the back of my calf with his foot as dinner went on, I could feel my cock hardening. "This isn't fair" I thought, "Why is he teasing me like this? We haven't even talked about last night"

By the time dinner was finished, Kelly had loosened up and was talking about her latest romantic failure. I had no idea what she said because I had stopped listening by this point. I was more concerned with the feeling of David's toes resting between my legs and trying my hardest not to get hard and give him the satisfaction of knowing he had turned me on in the presence of my parents. I, of course, had failed and David was looking very smug as he knew fine well that I was hard as a rock.

When Mum started to clear away the dishes, I excused myself and made a speedy retreat to the bathroom. I took my jacket off and removed my tie, trying to cool down. Leaning against the sink I took some more deep, calming breaths and I could feel my erection subsiding slightly. Without warning, the door opened (my parents didn't like locks on doors, even the bathroom) and David strode in full of amusement.

I turned around, ready to scold him but before I could let a word out of my mouth I pushed up to me and kissed me passionately. I was completely taken aback, I didn't know what to do. I could feel the hard bulge in his pants as he pressed up against me. Every time I tried to break the kiss he would keep it going. He was much stronger than me and within seconds he had me pressed up against the door. Finally he released my lips from his and stared into my eyes

"God, you're fucking sexy when you're terrified" He moaned out to me. I felt his hands scrabbling at the zip in my pants

"What the fuck are you doing?" I said as loudly as I dared

He looked up to me with a glint in his eye, "This"

He pulled my zip down and undid the button on my trousers. My cock was straining against my boxer shorts. He teasingly kissed at the bulge in the shorts before whipping my cock out and taking it in his mouth.

"David!" I yelled in whisper, "there's no lock on the door, what if someone comes in?"

"I know" he said, taking my cock out of his mouth, "makes it all the more dangerous, don't you think?"

Before I could answer his mouth was around my dick again. He sucked with a strength I'd never imagined. His lips were sealed halfway down my shaft and he was sucking with a force I'd never had on my cock before. He moved further down and his lips met the root of my member. He gagged slightly as he did his best to deepthroat me. It felt amazing. At the same time he started massaging my balls with his fingers, still holding his head as far down my cock as possible.

When he finally had to let it out of his mouth to breathe properly, I was slathered in his saliva. He grasped it with his right hand and started to jerk me off rapidly. It felt so good, all I could do is moan with pleasure. He leaned forward again, lifted my dick up and took one of my testicles in his mouth. He pumped at my cock while I felt his tongue rolling each ball, one at a time, around in his mouth. I loved it.

"Oh god, when did you learn how to do this?" I gasped

"I watch a lot more porn than you, " he rasped in between sucks.

I couldn't have this, I wouldn't let him have the better of me. Before he could put my cock back in his mouth, with all of my strength I pushed him onto his back. He looked up at me with confusion in his eyes

"Mark?"

"Shut the fuck up David", I said with desire in my voice, "if we're going to do this, we're going to do it right!"

And with this, I dove on top of him, kissing him passionately as I slid my hand down to grasp his considerable bulge on the outside of his trousers. I undid his fly, reached in and pulled his enormous length out. It was already slick with precum, he was more turned on that he had let on.

Lying on my parents bathroom floor, I wrapped my lips around him and tried to suck as hard he had sucked me. I don't think I was as good, but he wouldn't have said. He was too busy enjoying what I was doing to him.

I tried to deepthroat him too and I managed to get further down his dick than I had the previous night, but still not as far as I could have gotten. He held his hands on the back of my head and helped direct the speed of my sucks. He kept me moving slowly and taking as much of his length as I could. In the heat of the moment I slid a couple of fingers into his ass and fingered him as I sucked hungrily at his impressive cock.

When I came up for breath, I grasped him and carried on jerking him off

"Wanna get really dirty?" He said

"What have you got in mind?" I panted back to him

He grabbed my shoulders and pulled my up his body, kissing me hard once again. "Turn around" he said, "we can't fuck, but we can 69"

My eyes were wide open, I loved the idea. I turned around, on top of him so my head was down at his cock and mine was at his head. I lowered my hips and felt his lips kissing at my helmet. He opened his mouth and let me slide my shaft in. He started sucking me and I leaned over and started to reciprocate.

It felt unreal, to be given pleasure and to give it at the same time. We both picked up speed as he bucked his hips up forcing his cock into my mouth, I began to gyrate, facefucking him. He slid a finger into my ass, which felt amazing and I did the same once again to him.

I could feel his cock swelling in my mouth and I could feel myself about to peak. I quickly lifted my head off

"Don't swallow" I said. I got a grunt in the affirmative

I resumed my sucking and jerking of him, feeling the heat build up in my own cock just as his twitched in my mouth and he unleashed a torrent of cum. Being more prepared than I was last night I managed to not waste a drop as I grunted and filled his mouth in return. After a few seconds, I climbed off him, pulled his face to mine and with a mouthful of his cum, kissed him passionately. Thankfully he'd listened to my request and he had a mouthful of cum for me. We kissed for what felt like forever, swapping our combined cum between each other until I heard my mum call us down for dessert.

We swallowed the mixed up cum together and kissed once again. As we were getting dressed, Mum called up again

"Are you boys okay? Is something wrong?"

"No Mum," I yelled back, "I was just showing David some of Dad's guitars"

"Okay sweetie, well dessert is out. I can't remember, does David like cream?"

We looked at each other as I replied with a loud "Yes" and then burst into laughter.

We kissed passionately one more time and walked out the bathroom to rejoin the family as if nothing had happened.