 It was early spring and I had just finished cutting my grass for the first time this year, as I stood and surveyed my work my neighbor Dan called me asking me to give him a hand. He had run his mower into a shelf in his garage and need me to hold it up as he fixed the legs.

Dan was the crazy white guy from across the street, he always had a joke to tell. You wouldn't think of him that way because of his brown hair being cut in a military style, he looked like a drill sergeant or maybe a police officer. Dan had a nice looking body and his ass was hot, it had a nice curve to it, as I had noticed from seeing him in his jogging spandex from time to time I guess to keep his trim body in shape for his hot red head wife Madison. I have often jerked off thinking about fucking her, she's a little over weight, but has all her curves in the right place. A body made for fucking I always would say to my wife Shirley, I would always think of one of those 1920's or 30's pinup girls when I saw her.

Shirley and I, the only black couple on the block, were a few years younger than most of the other couples, and not to brag but we have turned a few heads when we're together. Shirley's a real looker with her hazel eyes that just makes my heart melt. She always complained to me about her tits not being big enough, I always told her they were great, they fit great in my mouth. Sexually I couldn't have done better, she has a great sex drive and is willing to try lots of things. Some of the guys at work complain about their wives not giving them enough sex, and I think I'm glad I don't have that problem, I sometimes have trouble keeping up.

I went across the street and had to listen to one of Dan's crazy jokes. Then he had to talk about all the neighborhood gossip, I started to wonder what was being said about Shirley and I.

Then to get things going so I wouldn't be there all day I lifted to shelf and when Dan bent over I got a good look at that ass as his pants went down a bit and I got an immediate hard on. Dan looked back and saw the tent in my pants and smiled. When he had the legs straight, he asked if I wanted a beer. We went inside to his rec room. As he handed me a beer he said he noticed my predicament in the garage, and if maybe he was the cause of it.

I was put on the spot, not knowing what to say. I had spent my summer after graduating from high school experimenting with the boy across the road Tyler. But after that it was all hetro. So not knowing what to say I just smiled. Dan seeing I was uncomfortable, reached over patted me on the back saying it was okay, and it was cool with him. He told me not to worry, Madison is wife was out shopping and would be gone most of the day.

Dan then asked if I wanted him to help me out with my problem as he was staring down at the budge in my pants, all I could do was shake my head yes. He must have been a magician, because before I knew it he had reached over unbuckled my belt and had my pants and shorts down around my ankles. My 7" cock when hard was semi erect with a drop on pre cum on it.

Dropping to his knees, Dan grabed my cock and gently stoked it before wrapping his mouth around the swollen head. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of that hot mouth on my cock. It was not long before I knew I was ready to cum. Dan must have noticed this also, because he sucked even harder and I grabbed him by the back of the head shot a big load down his throat. I stood there shaking as Dan sucked the last drops of cum from me. With a big smile on his face Dan stood up and said that was great, and he hoped I enjoyed it, then grabbing me by the neck he leaned in giving me a hot wet kiss. I could taste my cum in his mouth.

I reach over and grabbed my unfinished beer off the bar and watched as Dan walked across the room. He asked if there was something else that I wanted, and for the first time since walking into his rec room I was said something. I told him I sure would like a good look at that bubble butt of his. He turned around, and dropping his pants shook his ass as he looked back at me.

Getting bolder now I told him I sure would love to fuck that ass. Teasing me he said "oh would you really" and bent over and shook his ass again. We both finished taking our legs out of our pants, and I walked over to him to palm one of those sweet cheeks, I heard him moan as I did this and turn him around and started to grind up against his ass, letting my hard cock slip between his ass cheeks.

Moaning even loader Dan starts to wiggle his ass against my cock, and I almost lose my breath.

He pulls away from me and goes behind his bar and gets some lube. He comes back and squeeze's some on my cock and rubs it all over it. He also put some on the crack of his ass and smile and says he has wanted this ever since Shirley and I moved across the street last fall.

I pull him to me and give him a kiss, I could taste my cum still in his mouth, Dan seems to melt in my arms. I turned him around and bent him over a bar stool. I looked at that ass and thought of all the times I had watched him jogging and saw that ass and wanted to fuck him, and now I was going to get my chance. Not wanting to rush it, I just rubbed my cock up and down his ass crack at first, hearing him moan and wiggle his ass back at me.

With Dan wiggling his ass like that, the head of my cock slipped in and damn did it feel great. I slowly inched my cock deeper into his hot ass till I was balls deep. Then I just let it sit there for a second then pulled out some then slid it back in. Then I started to really pound into him, he moved up and my cock sipped out of him. He told me to sit on the sofa and then he climbed on me and worked my cock back into his ass. He rode me good and hard for a while, then I wanted to change positions again and told him to lay down on his back. 

I picked his legs up and put them over my shoulders and put my cock at the entrance of his ass and he raised up and my cock was back in that ass again. I started to really pound on him now knowing I was ready to cum. I leaned down and gave him a wet kiss and he went crazy under me. I reached down and grabbed his cock and stroked it. His cock was nice about average uncut and it looked great with my black hand wrapped around it. He was moaning and wiggling under me, then he started to cum, shooting all over his chest. When he came his ass muscles clinched my cock taking me over the edge, I flooded his ass with my cum and dropped down on him out of breath.

A few minutes later after we had got out breath back, we went into the bathroom , he handed me a wash cloth to clean myself up with. Getting dressed I started to worry now about Shirley, I knew I couldn't keep this from her, we were always honest with each other. I had told her about Tyler before we got married so she knew I was bi sexual, but this was the first outside sexual contact for either of us.

Shirley was sitting in the kitchen reading when I walked in, I sat down and went straight to it. I was scarred till she looked at me with her pretty eyes and smiled. She asked how did I like it. She knew I liked to do anal very much, because she had let me fuck her ass occasionally. I let out a deep breath and just said it was different.

Shirley then reminded me of the times we had talked about swinging with the neighbors it was always about me fucking Madison and her with Dan. I was off the hook for now, but I knew things were just beginning.