 It was early morning I was up having coffee, on the computer on a chat site checking out guys jerking off on cams. There were quite a few this morning, some really well hung hot men, this one cam popped up everyone was messaging and checking him out. 

He was a young man, his profile revealed he was twenty six, he was five foot eleven, and one hundred and fifty five pounds. I clicked on his cam checking him out, he was hot, smooth chest, erect nipples that begged to be sucked on, six pack abs, a very muscular young man.

He did not show his face but showed his cock, when he pulled his sweat pants down, he had a great ass that he spread apart when he bent over, I could imagine myself running my tongue along his ass crack, dam he was getting me boned up. I grabbed my cock and started to stroke it, I could see myself fucking his pretty little fur lined ass. 

I was right on the edge of shooting when something caught my eye, something familiar, I released my cock looking closer. I knew this room, I recognized some of the furnishings, I had been in this room before. I had been in this room watching a football game last weekend, it was my neighbor Pete's man cave, I had helped him do some of the finishing.

I looked at the guy on the cam, it was Pete's son Bradley, I could tell by his hands and his forearms, he had a tattoo on his right bicep I had seen the tattoo many times. Brad was on cam stroking his cock for me to see, now I was getting really hard, the boy was not twenty six but more like nineteen, the guy was into sports, he was a mans man, rough and tumble kind of guy, he never gave off a gay vibe his personality was of a very straight, football playing guy. 

I watched him stroke his cock and finger his ass, what a fine ass the boy really had. After he came he left the cam on the room I recognized many of the sports memorabilia, the furniture, the wall color it was Brad alright. 

The next day he was on again same time, I sent a few messages to him, commenting him on his great ass, nice cock and great body, he thanked me, checked my profile, messaged me how he liked my big cock and how he would love to suck it sometime. I told him we were in the same city so it might be a possibility. The messages quickly stopped, and he logged out, the boy was clearly deep in the closet and was not ready to come out anytime soon.

The next morning he was on and completely naked, from the neck down we all got to see what a great little body the boy really had. I messaged him 

"Hello" I sent.

he message back "Hey great to see you on again." 

I thanked him and started to stroke my cock. He sent a private message, 

"You and I don't know each other do we?" he inquired. 

"Yes Brad I know who you are." I replied

The messages stopped, Brad sat there naked his cock quickly deflating. 

"Brad you have a great body and your secret is safe with me, but you have to stop showing the basement at your Dads place far to many guys know it." I sent back.

His cam quickly shut down.

"Thanks have a great day. Who are you BTW?" Brad asked.

"Its me Tom from next door." I answered.

"Oh hey Mr Matthews, I did not know you were on a site like this," Brad replied. 

"Lots of us older guys on sites like this, great way to jerk off and see some hot cock and ass, you son have a great ass." I sent to him.

"Thanks Mr Matthews." Brad politely replied.

The messages stopped again, I saw Brad that afternoon, he was out cutting grass, the boy had a great little body, now that I knew what he looked like naked it was fun to fantasize while he cut the grass.

The next morning Brad was on once again, however his camera angle was now to the wall you could have never figured out where he was or who he was for that matter. I watched the boy jerk his cock and finger his pretty little pink hole, dam I wanted to ram my tongue in his hot hole. When he had cum I messaged 

"Good morning Brad nice load," I sent to him.

"Thanks Mr Matthews." Brad replied.

"Please call me Tom." I suggested.

"Okay Tom I actually jerked off to your cam imagining sucking your big cock." Brad sent.

"You don't have to imagine just come over the side door is never locked, come right in I am in the basement rec room." I responded.

"I just might take you up on that Mr. I mean Tom." Brad sent.

He logged out, I saw him later in his driveway he waved as he left for work, we both worked downtown. The next morning I was up at my usual time, I logged in sent my cam, I waited for Brad's cam to come on, he did not come on, I watched others but kept a close eye for his profile to show up but it never did. When I was heading out for work Brad was running out for his bus he was late, he had slept in, 

"Hey Mr. Matthews, running late might have missed my bus." Brad yelled as he ran for his bus.

"Get in with me Brad we are headed to neighboring buildings anyways." I yelled back.

"Would you mind, I really don't want to be late." Brad said as he stopped in his tracks.

"You can ride with me anytime, all the time for that matter, we are headed in the same direction." I said.

"Thanks Mr. Matthews that would be great then I won't be late." Brad said with relief in his voice.

We chatted along the way, 

"I missed your cam this morning, I like to watch you jerk off and play with that fine ass of yours." I said with a sly grin. 

"Thanks I forgot to set my alarm last night. I'm going to be horny all day now, I will have to go jerk off in the men's before lunch or I will have a boner all morning." Brad said as he rubbed his crotch,

"I did not cum neither this morning, I too am going to be hard all day too." I said as I grabbed my cock. 

Before lunch I went to the men's bathroom and stroked one off, thinking of Brad's hot little body in my car made me so damned horny. He messaged me later in the day 

"Could I get a ride back home with you this evening I forgot my bus pass." Brad messaged

"You can ride with me anytime you want Brad." I replied.

We talked about our day, he told me he had to go into the men's and stroke one off, his cock was rock hard all morning. 

"I too had to do the same, do you go on that site at night as well Brad?" I asked needing to know.

"Yes sir I sure do I am always horny." Brad stated.

"Well I will see you on there tomorrow morning then." I asked wanting to know. 

"Thanks for the ride Mr. I mean Tom." Brad said politely.

I parked my car and went in to make supper, I was watching the news when I heard the side door open, it was Brad, 

"Is this a good time Tom? I am so horny I need some release, and if I could suck your cock it would make it that much better." Brad asked a little red faced.

I quickly shut the stove off, "Of course its a good time." I said with anticipation.

We went into my bedroom, Brad did a strip tease of sorts, dam the boy had a hot little body, I slowly removed my clothes, my big cock flopped out, Brad's eyes were transfixed on my growing tool. 

"Lay down on the bed Brad." I said with a grin. 

I got myself positioned so we would sixty nine I wanted that boys mouth on my cock and I wanted his in my mouth, also hoping I would get his pretty little ass in my mouth as well. Brad was an accomplished cocksucker for sure, he edged me over and over, I pulled his legs up so I could lick his pretty hole, my tongue darting into as deep as I possibly could.

"Would you like to fuck me Tom?" Brad asked releasing my cock out of his mouth. 

"I sure would Brad have you ever been fucked before?" I asked.

"Not with a real cock but I do have a dildo I play with." Brad said with pride. 

I grabbed the lube, laid out on the center of the bed, Brad would ride my pole. He lubed up my cock and his pretty ass, he got into position, my cock at his entrance to his tight little ass. Try and he might he could not take my cock into his hole, I had him push his hole out then it finally started to slide in, inch by inch my cock disappeared into his beautiful hole. 

"Dam Brad that is one tight little hole you have here." I remarked. 

"Your my first real cock Tom, it sure feels different than a dildo I can tell you that much, and your cock is so big and thick." Brad said his eyes big, his voice much higher.

It took some time and patience but Brad's ass finally got accustomed to my cock, he rode my cock slow and steady, then as he got used to having my cock in his hole he rode my cock like he was riding a wild horse. I shot the hugest load I have ever shot in my lifetime, Brad leaned in and kissed me, holding the kiss for some time, 

"Thanks Tom I could feel your load as it shot into my hole, the feeling is incredible." Brad said smiling.

I fucked Brad sometimes twice a day, he and I rode to work daily, he would come by in the morning after fucking we would shower together, and get ready for work, Brad was a great young man, he eventually moved away, I missed having him next door but ran into him downtown a few times, he had met a man and they were serious, I hugged him and wished him all the best.