 The guy moving into the apartment across from ours just seemed like a typical early, middle-aged 40s dude. I didn't pay that much attention to him. He a couple of guys were muscling his furniture and boxes up the concrete stairs and into his apartment. I said hey and he introduced himself as Harold. I told him I was Kevin and gave his buddies the nod as I walked past them and opened the door to my grandmother's apartment. I'm not sure those guys even noticed me. I was young, about 5'6" and weighed 125 lbs, with very fair skin. Being a late-bloomer, I didn't even have to shave yet.

I had just turned 18 a few months before I met Harold for the first. I was living with my grandma as my parents had split up and we weren't getting along. Though I was supposed to go to college, I really lacked much motivation at the time. 

A few months before moving in with her, my grandma got an insurance settlement and decided, at age 60, to buy a bar. Suddenly, she was gone all the time, generally leaving at 2 in the afternoon and coming home after midnight, or not at all. Grandma still had wild oats to sow.

With all the free time, I jerked off a lot to internet porn. I found myself identifying more with the girls I watched. I would imagine that I was the one sucking that enormous cock or being tied up and ass fucked by a scary master. Of course, I found my way to Craigslist and all the ads. I was very scared at first but I eventually met with a couple of guys.

The first guy was a disaster. He wasn't at all like he described himself. We met in a parking lot and I got into his car. He was an awful lot heavier than he said and his cock was not nearly as big. I wasn't all that attracted to him but felt obligated. Luckily, he accepted a handjob and I was on my way, feeling grossed out by him but kind of dirty for at least taking the plunge. 

The second guy was a lot better. He was a business man type in his 50s. He took me to his office and could tell it was my first time. He was about 6.5" and nicely thick. He let me take my time and gave me instructions on how to suck him. For a couple of months, we met at least once a week and I blew him and he slowly worked up to fucking my ass. It was fun and it taught me I really did love being assfucked, but he didn't care for being dominant. So, I still was searching when I saw a new ad a couple of days after Harold had moved in. It said newly single guy seeks dedicated submissive slut. 

I responded telling him I was looking to be a dedicated submissive slut. Within an hour, he responded and explained that he had just moved into an apartment after getting a divorce and that now he could finally live the way he wanted to live. He described himself as being 5'10" 185 with graying hair, in his mid-40s with a 7.5" cock that was very, very thick. I replied and described myself and told him it would be funny if he was the guy would had moved into the apartment across from me. He replied with one word: "Kevin?" 

I was a little freaked out at first and almost logged off and hid but then I thought, Harold seemed like a harmless enough guy. So I responded: "Harold??!!!!" He shot back a reply telling me to come on over. He would leave the door slightly open and I should come in and strip and come back to his bedroom. I said yes and shut down the computer. Barefoot, in just a pair of shorts and t-shirt, I walked across the breezeway toward Harold's door. It was slightly ajar. I was breathing nervously and slowly pushed the door open and walked in. 

The living area was to the left and the kitchen to the right. The bedrooms were straight ahead and I could see the light from one of the bedrooms. The curtains were drawn and only the overhead stove light was on. I closed the door and turned the deadbolt. I took off my shirt and shorts and put them on the arm of a chair in the living room. Standing naked in a strange man's apartment, I felt totally vulnerable and completely turned on. 

I walked back toward the bedroom forcing myself to breath. When I got to the door, Harold was sitting in his desk chair naked. His cock was standing at full, raging hard on attention. He wasn't kidding about it being thick. Porn was playing on the computer on the desk. A twink was tied up and being roughly fucked by several men. He seemed terrified. Normally, I would love to watch, but I was transfixed by Harold's cock. 

"Come here, boy," he ordered. I started to walk to him but he said, "Crawl, slut, crawl on your hands and knees." I immediately fell to my knees and crawled over between his legs. 

"I thought you were a cocksucker the first time I laid eyes on you," he said. "Put your hands behind your back and look at me." 

I did as I was ordered. He stood up and put one hand on the back of my head and the other at the base of his cock. 

"Open your mouth and put your tongue out." I did and he began to rub his cock head slowly over my tongue. "Show me what a good cocksucker you are, boy."

I started to take his cock into my mouth and get it as wet as possible. He let out an appreciative moan and I quickly covered his cock in drool and spit. I had never sucked a dick without my hands before and found that if it popped out of my mouth I had to chase after it. Harold put a hand on the back of my head. He began pulling me towards him as he thrust his hips toward me, pushing his cock into the back of my throat. I was gagging and fighting for air. 

My mouth was opened wide and I tried to concentrate on breathing all while even more drool was oozing down my chin. I made sure to stick my tongue out and try to swallow hard as he fucked me mouth. Suddenly, I had a feeling of my throat actually enlarged to take his cock down. His cock slid in as my tongue was out and my nose was all the way against his pubes and my tongue was on his balls. I had deep throated him. My eyes flew open in surprise and because I was legitimately choking and gasping for air. 

Harold let out a triumphant, "Fuck yes!" I pulled back hard and he let me go. I fell over onto my back on the floor. "Get back here," he barked. I scrambled back to my knees and took his cock back into my mouth. 

"You need to get used to that cock in your throat," he said as I continued to move my head up and down on his cock. I could tell he was getting something out of a desk drawer. He leaned down over me as I continued to struggle against his cock, both wanting it in my throat again and a little panicked about it. I felt the handcuffs close around my wrists and heard them click. Harold pulled my head back so I was looking up into his face. 

"Now you know your place, don't you boy? On your knees, in handcuffs, sucking cock. That's where you belong and what you want, isn't it?"

I said yes and my voice sounded husky and not like my own. Harold pulled my head back to his cock and I continued sucking him. He stepped back and pulled me toward the bed, putting my back against the edge of the bed. He stepped in front of me and started fucking my face again. I was trapped between him and the bed. He held my head with both hands and really began to fuck my face. I was making funny sounds like "gu gu gu gu gu." Several times he slowed and made me focus on deep throating him. I found that after about fifth time he was in my throat, I could judge how to swallow him and how to get my tongue out and to try and relax my jaw. 

I have no idea how long this went on. He would roughly fuck my mouth and then order me to swallow. At some point, he became more aggressive and pulled out and slapped my face with his cock. Then it was back to the relentless gagging and swallowing and drooling. When he came, it was when I was holding his cock in my throat. He held me in that position longer than he had before and I was squirming, needing to breath. He held his cock in my mouth and down my throat and I could feel his body shaking. He suddenly pulled back and I could breath.

As I gasped for air, Harold set back in his chair and looked at me. I knew I was a mess, covered with drool as I was. He tilted his cock toward me and squeezed a little bit of leftover cum out of the tip. Unsteadily, I walked on my knees over to him and gently licked up his cum, all while maintaining eye contact with him.

"I'm going to need a few minutes to recover, boy. Do you know what I'm going to do to you then? I'm going to see how that little asshole tastes and how much cock you can take in it!" 

I just looked up at him from my new position, on my knees, hands cuffed behind my back, between this man's legs, with his cum still on my lips and tongue, his cock just inches away. In the weeks ahead, I would be in this position many times. For now, Harold went to get a drink and I was told to get on the edge of the bed with my face down and ass up.