 I am 60 years old. I had just retired and was looking forward to enjoying my retirement with my wife. We were virgins when we married and though I had quite a fantasy life, we only had sex with each other. Our sex life, though difficult at times due to her night-shift job, was generally fulfilling. She was a little on the chunky side, as was I, but enjoyed sex as much as I did. All those plans we made were dashed when she died of a heart attack one night at work. As our two children had already moved out of the house, I was alone for the first time since I was in my twenties. 

Not knowing what else to do, I decided to start a little lawn mowing business, as there are plenty of folks who don't want to pay a big service with all their high costs. As my business continued to grow, I began to slim down and decided to get myself into good shape. I finally, though workouts and diet, got back to a weight I hadn't seen since my twenties. I even discovered a little bit of a six pack underneath all those pounds I lost.

One of my first customers was a young professional couple in their late 30s. Donna was an educational administrator, extremely attractive. With her short, dark hair and great figure, she was quite a sight. I could see that she had great breasts and a tight ass under those business suits. Her husband was just as attractive. Michael was slim and blonde and tanned. He worked in the sales field, though not as successfully as she. 

They made for a striking couple, and when they spent time lounging at their pool as I mowed, I could see that they both had great bodies. I always hoped that I would be invited to the pool, so I could get a closer look, but I had no such luck. Misfortune struck them as well. Donna, while on a business trip, was killed in a car accident. Michael was understandably despondent.

Several months after her death, as I mowed their lawn, Michael came out to speak to me. He invited me to the pool and got me a beer. He opened up to me and we spoke about being alone. He wanted to know how I dealt with my loneliness. 

As we sat there and drank, he asked how I dealt with my sexual desires. Embarrassed as I was, I shared that online porn and masturbation was my only real outlet. I cut the conversation short and finished my mowing. He sat at the pool and watched me. 

Several hours later, he called me at the house and invited me over for dinner, so we could talk some more. After dinner, he asked me if I'd like to see some porn. I accepted and he put it on his big screen tv in the living room. It took me seconds to realize that it was his own amateur porn and he and the wife were the performers. The camera was set up in the bedroom and there was a knock on the bedroom door. 

A woman in a nightgown went to the door and in the doorway was Donna, in one of her business suits. Then I realized the woman, with flowing blonde hair, was Michael. Slowly, Michael undressed his wife, starting with her suit coat and blouse. He removed her bra and began sucking her tits, which were even better than I imagined they had been. As he removed her slacks, still in his night gown, I could see a noticeable bulge in the boxer briefs she was wearing. 

He removed them and I could see she was wearing a huge, flesh-colored strap-on dildo. Immediately, he dropped to his knees and began to suck her dick. I could see his erection against his night gown. I was getting turned on, primarily by her body, but also due to his ability to suck that dick. As she turned to the side, I could see that her ass was even better than I thought.

She lay on the bed and he began to eat her pussy, intermittently sucking the dildo, until she had an orgasm. Then he lay on the bed on his stomach. She raised up his nightgown to show his ass, then lubed up the dildo with her own juices. Before I could even think, she spread his legs and started fucking her husband, with both of them moaning loudly. 

He had an orgasm, cumming on the bed and she appeared to have another orgasm. I turned to Michael and he had dropped his shorts and was masturbating there in the living room. Though I was stunned, I continued to watch him until he came, spurting all over himself. I excused myself and left the house. After I got home, I masturbated and came almost immediately. I can't tell you what part of the video turned me on the most.

A day or two later, Michael called on the phone to apologize. I told him there was no need, as the porn had obviously turned me on, but I had never been with a man before. After a little more small talk, I heard him take a deep breath, then ask me If I'd like to come over to the house. 

When I hesitated, he suggested that I come over dressed in a business suit. I thought for a moment, then indicated I would be over after showering and getting dressed. As luck would have it, I happened to have a grey, pin-striped suit that came pretty close to the one Donna had worn in the video. As I showered, I had to resist the urge to masturbate, anticipating what would happen next.

I arrived at Michael's house and rang the bell. He came to the door in that same flowing nightgown, complete with makeup, a wig, and a drink in his hand for me. I was taken at how attractive he was, especially his tight ass, which was easy to make out in the gown. I downed the drink quickly and he led me to the bedroom. 

He gently undressed me, taking my coat, and tie. Then he took off my shirt and began to kiss and suck my nipples. I stepped out of my shoes and socks, then he undid my belt and dropped my pants to the floor. He put his mouth on my erection through my boxer briefs and bit it gently. He pulled off my shorts and started sucking my dick. I apologized that it was not as big as the dildo his wife had used, but he didn't seem to care. 

On cue, I lay back on the bed and allowed him to do what he wished. He continued to suck my dick and lick my balls. He raised my legs up and licked my ass until I knew I was close. I stood up and lay him on his stomach on the edge of the bed. I rubbed his ass through the silky gown, then pulled it up onto his back. 

I rubbed his tanned ass, then got on my knees and licked his ass and down his crack to his hole. I got him on his knees and started to tongue fuck him until he was nice and juicy. I pulled the gown off him and put my dick inside him. I started to fuck him hard and I reached around and grabbed his erection and jacked him off as I fucked him. He started to cum and I immediately came inside him. 

I pumped his ass until it almost hurt. I collapsed on top of him. I told him that I will still mow his lawn, but now, we both knew the price he would have to pay.