 I became a homeowner for the first time at age twenty-two. It was the summer before my senior year in college and my grandmother had just died. I expected she'd will all her money to my father – her only child. Grandma came through though and left me over two hundred thousand dollars.

Although I thought about buying the most expensive car on the market, going to Hawaii and all sorts of other things, I realized that I could buy a house for myself and put apartment living (which I hated) far behind me.

The place I picked was only a couple of miles from campus and it suited my needs very well. The neighbors were a little apprehensive at first about somebody my age moving in, but they all relaxed when they found out that I was every bit as quiet and responsible as they were. In fact, the time came for the neighborhood association to assign some people to committees for different things and I was asked to join a couple of other people on the landscaping committee.

I didn't feel much like taking part, but I figured it was what good neighbors did, so I agreed. The other two people on the committee were Ed and Tom. Aside from having done this before, they both lived in the same house. Nobody ever said anything to me, but it was fairly clear that they were probably a gay couple. Neither of them had effeminate qualities to them, but it seemed like the only logical answer to why a pair of guys in their mid to late forties were living together. Both were professionals and each could have afforded a place on his own.

It didn't bother me that they were gay. I was straight, but didn't have any problem with gay men.

Things went fine for the first meeting. We sat around at their place and discussed the new landscaping restrictions that would be proposed to the board. There wasn't going to be any major changes to old rules...so we ended up talking about all kinds of things that had nothing to do with landscaping. I discovered that Ed and Tom were both nice guys and enjoyed their company.

The second meeting was spent with Ed and I going over the requests made by certain residents for allowances to existing landscaping on their property that would not be affected by any new restrictions. Talk about tedious. Slowly, gradually, we went through these.

Tom, in the meantime, had effectively resigned from the committee. It wasn't that he had officially quit, but the dreariness of what we were doing caused him to head for their backyard and the swimming pool that took up a big portion of it. We were nearly finished with the stack of requests by the time Tom came back inside. When he did, I glanced at him...and did a double take. He was fresh from the pool – no shirt on – and my eyes fell on a red circle around his right nipple. Initially, I thought he was bleeding, but quickly realized that it was a perfect circle of red. 

"It's a tattoo," I heard Tom say with a laugh.

I looked away quickly, embarrassed that I'd been caught staring.

"The 'O' it tattooed around my nipple. The 'T' and the 'M' you can't see as well."

He was right. I hadn't noticed the other letters. The overall tattoo spelled out his name.

"Wow," I said, "what made you decide to do that?" It seemed strange to me than an older guy like Tom – one who seemed to be conservative in his overall appearance – would do such a thing.

"It was kind of a lark. The two of us got silly one day..." He started laughing, "Unfortunately, Ed can't show you his tattoo."

Ed threw a coaster at him. He was also laughing. It took me a second, but I figured that Ed must have gotten his in a...private kind of place.

"I'll show him if I want," Ed said playfully.

This was starting to get weird.

"I'm only kidding," Ed said to me with a wink, "don't worry."

"I wasn't," I said, eyes down on the floor.

"Go ahead and show him," Tom said with a laugh, "Seriously, Kyle, it's funny. If you wouldn't be put off looking at Tom's..."

"Don't do that to him, Tom."

"I'm sorry, Kyle. Not trying to embarrass you...but it's funny. I'm guessing you're not gay. So...don't think I'm trying to get you to do anything weird for you. All I can say is...it's a funny sight."

"You are ridiculous," Ed said, throwing another coaster at Tom. They were both laughing harder and it was obviously something that they had shared many a laugh over before. "Kyle, it's not like you're missing anything life changing if you don't see it, but if you want to see...I'll show you."

"Well, what is it?" I asked.

"A tattoo. It's on my cock."

"What's the tattoo of?"

"I'll show you if you want to see it."

I felt strange about saying no. They were both nice guys and it might have sounded like I didn't trust them if I said no. I kind of shrugged and said okay.

Tom tittered as Ed stood up and pulled his shorts down. The first thing I couldn't help but notice was the fact that Ed was completely shaved down below. I'd seen similar things in pornos, but never in person (and that would only be in locker rooms, I suppose). Although it was soft, it seemed to twitch a little and start to rise. I guess he was getting turned on showing himself off to me. He seemed to have an average sized dick, circumcised and of decent thickness. I noted that it didn't seem to be as big as mine – and then I immediately thought that I shouldn't think about that. The one thing I did notice was different – his balls. They were very big from the looks of things. And there was one thing that was not apparent...a tattoo.

"I don't see it," I said.

"'Fraid I have to get it hard for you to see the thing," Ed said. He looked at me and smiled slightly, shrugging. His fingers ran over his slightly stiff cock and worked it. It continued to rise.

This was strange. It also bothered me that I was interested in watching Ed stroke his cock to erection. I glanced over at Tom who was watching me, smiling. He seemed to be enjoying the whole thing. I began to feel a stirring in my groin and felt a panic overtake me. It was bad enough to be a little aroused by this, what was worse was the idea that either Tom or Ed might pick up on it.

"Now look," Tom said, gesturing toward Ed.

I turned to see Ed with a full erection...and a tattoo of a smiley face on the shaft. Reflexively, I laughed. That started Tom off again on a laughing jag.

"I told you it was funny," he said.

Ed sat back down and pulled his shorts from around his ankles. He dropped them on the floor next to his chair and shook his head with a wry smile.

"I'm glad I could amuse you both," he said, feigning humiliation. His cock, still stiff, bounced back against his stomach. He didn't seem to mind being nude in front of me. I even guessed he enjoyed it. He lowered a hand and stroked his thigh, making no move to put his shorts back on. As I glanced over at Tom again, I noticed a bulge in his shorts for the first time. It was going to be impossible to hold off an erection much longer. The thought of simply leaving crossed my mind, but I just didn't feel right running off. I didn't want to insult these guys. The only other option to hide what I knew was coming...was to sit back down. 

Which I did.

It was awkward. Frightening. Also...exciting. As I glanced at Tom again, he winked at me...and got down on his knees before Ed. Did they expect me to give them some privacy? I would have gotten up, but that would have allowed them to see that I had an erection just like they did.

"Um, guys, I don't want to –"

"It's okay, Kyle. Just enjoy the show," Ed said softly.

With that, Tom took Ed's smooth cock in his hands and stroked it for him. I was transfixed. When Tom softly kissed the tip of Ed's cock and Ed stretched out in ecstasy, I thought it was the most erotic thing I had ever seen. Watching two middle-aged gay guys together just seemed like the hottest thing I could imagine.

As Tom ran his tongue around the head of Ed's cock, I felt myself inhale sharply. My cock was straining inside my shorts, but I didn't dare move to adjust it. When Ed moaned and closed his eyes, I took the chance to push my cock into a more comfortable position. I wondered if they were going to go all the way with this – until Ed shot his load. I also wondered what I was going to do to get out of there without either one of them seeing that I was aroused.

Problem was, I had no intention of leaving and missing the show. Tom caressed Ed's balls lovingly as he began taking more and more of the rock hard tool in his mouth and down his throat. I was curious how much of the cock he could actually take. It didn't take long for the answer to that question – in just moments, he was bobbing up and down on Ed's dick, taking every inch of it on the down move.

I needed relief, but what could I do? I wasn't about to pull my cock out. Ed had different ideas. He opened his eyes and turned his gaze to me. Lustily, he looked me right in the eyes and moaned with each new swipe Tom took on his thick rod. Finally, he pointed at my crotch. He smiled and mouthed the words, "come on".

I shook my head slightly.

"It's soooo good," Ed said softly in my direction, "...give it a try..." He looked so hot, I just couldn't resist. I reached down, unbuttoned my shorts and lowered the zipper. Ed smiled, never letting his eyes leave mine. Taking a deep breath, I grabbed the waistband of my shorts and the boxers beneath them...and slid them down, past my knees and to my ankles. The feeling of cool air on my rock hard cock was incredible.

Ed's eyes widened and he let out a little 'ohhh', staring at my rigid member. He stopped Tom and pointed in my direction.

"Kyle, you have got the most gorgeous cock," Ed announced.

"Wow, he really does. That is beautiful." Tom said. Pulling back from Ed, Tom slipped his shorts off and slowly, seductively crawled in my direction, smiling all the way. His cock was bigger than Ed's. I remember thinking it was gorgeous. Nicely shaped, circumcised and also shaved. I marveled at how hard it was and spotted a drop of precum on the tip. When he reached my feet, he said:

"May I?"

I think I nodded.

Tom started with my shoes, untying them and pulling them off. Then the socks. He took my bare feet and ran them up the outside of his thighs, right up to his hips. Then, the shorts were pulled the rest of the way off and tossed aside. He moved his face right up to my rock hard cock and studied it, smiling and admiring what he saw. He blew softly on the tip and I felt his hand slide down to my balls. He held them in his palm, rubbing his thumb over one of them. Then...

...his mouth opened and he took my cock inside. I honestly believe it's impossible to describe how good my first time having my cock inside the mouth of another man felt to me. It was as if my cock could melt right there and then.

I couldn't believe what was happening. Couldn't believe what I was allowing to happen. Still, I wasn't going to stop it.

I'd never had a woman who could take my entire cock in her mouth before. While Ed had a healthy sized dick, it wasn't as big as mine. I turned my gaze downward on Tom, hoping he'd try to take every inch of my dick into his hot mouth. He must have read my mind. Watching me as he sucked, the guy took the head of my cock down to his throat and slid his lips and tongue all the way down to the base of my cock.

I threw my head back and moaned as Tom worked his magic on the entire length of my shaft. It was unreal.

"How good is it?" Ed asked from his chair. I looked over and saw him stroking his still hard cock. "Tell me how good it is."

"Incredible," I managed to say.

"I knew you'd like it. Tom's been saying for months how he'd love to get a shot at your cock. I'm glad you let him. It's so fucking hot to watch."

Ed suddenly got to his feet and walked over. Getting down on his knees, he moved his face close to inspect the cocksucking that was going on. He glanced back up at me, pulled his shirt off and dropped it on the floor. Then, he slowly pulled my shirt off and tossed it on top of his. All three of us were now completely naked.

"Is it the best you've ever had?" Ed asked.

"Yeah. Mmmm. Yeah."

Ed kneeled next to the chair and smiled at me. He ran a hand over my chest and teased on of my nipples. Slowly, he moved his face closer to mine...and I knew what he wanted. He leaned in and kissed me. As our tongues found each other and played, I lowered my hands to Tom's head and guided his head on and off my cock. As I began to feel the familiar rise in my balls, Tom backed off my cock, seeming to sense I was close to the point of no return. When I pulled away from the deep french kiss I was getting from Ed, Tom smiled up at me.

"Show us what you've learned," he said.

What did he mean?

At that moment, Ed stood up and his cock waved back and forth just in front of my face.

"Only if you want to," Ed said softly.

Without hesitation, I took his cock in my hand. My first time holding another man's cock. It felt silky soft...and yet hard and stiff. I leaned over and kissed the tip of his cock. At the moment, a bit of precum dribbled out. As it dropped onto my lips, I licked them and tasted man seed for the first time. It was incredible. In seconds, I was french kissing the head of his cock, looking for more juice. As Ed groaned and held my head, I opened wide and took the shaft in my mouth.

"Oh yeah. Oh, suck that cock."

Slowly, I was able to get more and more of his dick in my mouth. As I bobbed up and down on it, I felt Tom's mouth on my dick once more. He massaged my balls again and let one of his fingers drift down toward my asshole.

The combination of being sucked, having my balls and ass played with and sucking my first ever cock led me to that rising feeling in my balls again. This time, however, Tom didn't pull away. As I shot my load, he took all of it and swallowed. Just as the last spurts of my own cum were entering another man's mouth, Ed began to stiffen. Before I knew it, he was cumming. His seed filled my mouth and overflowed. Some of it I managed to swallow. Most of it, however, ran down my cheeks and chin.

I was in heaven.

After draining my cock fully, Tom sat back on the floor and held his big floppy dick in his hand. 

"Mmmm....you have some great tasting cum, Kyle. How did you like Ed's?"

"I like it. Lost most of it though."

They both laughed. 

"Not uncommon for a first timer," Ed told me. He looked down at Tom. "Are you wanting what I think you're wanting?"

"You know me too well," Tom said.

Ed grinned at me and moved to a table near the couch. As he did, Tom moved up and pulled me toward him.

"I'm a much better kisser than him," he said in almost a whisper as he pushed him mouth against mine. He got me to my feet as we started to make out, his hard cock pushed up against my belly. Ed was a great kisser, that was true. But Tom was something else. I thought I could almost cum again from his body against mine, his hard cock on my skin and his tongue in my mouth.

I glanced down toward Ed. With his legs spread, he was spreading lube on his asshole, watching us and starting to get hard again.

"Would you like to watch?" Tom whispered in my ear.

"Yeah."

He kissed me once more and then got down on the floor with Ed. Pressing his hard cock against his lover's anus, it only took a couple seconds before he was in. With Ed's legs wrapped around his waist, Tom fucked him with long, deep strokes. It must have been good, because only a minute or two passed before he let out a long, loud moan and thrust hard.

As he came, I watched Ed, his face reflecting his pure ecstasy. All I could think of is how painful it must be. How did Ed take it? And how on earth could he enjoy it?

Tom removed his cock from the cum filled hole between Ed's cheeks. White goo oozed out and onto the floor. Ed smiled, pulled at his cock and looked at me.

"That was fast," he said, pointing at my cock.

I hadn't noticed it before, but I was hard again. Raging hard and ready to go.

"C'mon," Ed said, "It's your turn."

I wasn't about to refuse this. I got down between his legs and his hand found my cock, guiding it surely to his asshole. As I slipped inside, I thought I'd gone to heaven. It was warm and wet and oh so tight. I collapsed onto him and he embraced me as I pounded his ass with every bit of my lust. I remember kissing him again and I remember holding his hips as I fucked...but that's about it. I was in a haze of pure pleasure. Before I knew it, I was cumming again. Adding my jizz to the deposit already made by Tom.

When I rolled off Ed, they both stared at me, then looked at each other.

"We've both been fantasizing about you for awhile," Ed told me.

"If this is too weird, we understand. Nobody will ever know," Tom chimed in.

"Of course, if you liked it...we could make an arrangement," Ed suggested.

"What kind of arrangement?" I asked.

"A threeway thing. Ongoing. You come over whenever you feel like it. Whether one or the other...or both of us are here. Neither one is likely to turn down a young, hot thing like you."

I thought for a moment, sat up and smiled:

"I think I could get used to that."