 Years ago I decided to try going to a different bath house, it was bigger, they claimed it was also better more men, more variety, supposedly hotter guys, what did I have to lose by trying right. So I headed in, the place was big, not as clean as the other one I usually went to, I took a locker and slowly stripped, I had about three guys watching me get naked, me not being shy, gave them a show, I took my time to remove all my clothes, anticipation will drive a man crazy. 

I think the one guy wanted to come over to tear my underwear off at the end, he was staring at me so intently, I slowly dropped my drawers, he licked his lips hoping I would allow him to sample some of my dripping cock, I threw my towel over my shoulder, heading for the showers, he followed me to the gang showers, I did all I could to drive this poor man to the edge, I bent over to pick up imaginary soap, checking my toe nails, to see they were not too long, stroking my cock, giving him a smile. He was getting very flustered, I grabbed my towel, walked right up to him, ran my hand on his hairy chest as I did. I am not sure but I think he shot his load right then and there.

I looked around, there were so many men in the building, but they all seemed to converge in the basement, they had glory holes, a common area with seating, one where you could tie a guy up, a big round vinyl covered bed in the middle of the room, I, like about twenty others were all standing on the edge of the room watching guys jerking off, one guy being fisted, some were getting fucked, all kinds of sex play to be seen, no need to watch porn, you had it all live. 

While I surveyed the room I saw this guy, handsome, shaved face, small guy maybe five foot six, petite, when our eyes met I held his gaze, he was on the other side of the room, he sheepishly made his way to me, he stood directly in front of me, waiting for me to make the first move, I ran my hand down his chest, he had hair on the upper portion, his stomach smooth with a treasure trail to his towel. I placed my hand on the side of his face, I pulled him into a kiss, not just a peck I mean tongues meshing, our faces pulled tight together.

My hands were all over his body, his arms around my neck, I released his lips kissing his neck, his chest, his shoulders to his nipples, he had the most amazing nipples, they went to a perfect point, made for sucking. I made my way down, without removing his towel I ran my face across his bump in his towel, I could feel his cock straining to get out, to let me lick his shaft, suck his balls, but I was in charge here, I used my chin to stroke his cock.

I again looked him in the eyes, we locked into another kiss, a gentle kiss, he was not a man you were rough with, he wanted someone to make love to him but no strings, I pulled him tight into a hug, held him there, I could hear him sigh, like I was giving him exactly what he wanted, what he needed. I released him from the kiss, but held him to my chest, his hairy chest felt so good on my smooth muscular chest.

I took him by the waist, lifted him onto the giant bed, his towel still firmly wrapped around him. I unwrapped him slowly, I wanted to see what he had hidden from me within his towel. His cock was rock hard, with a purple knob, a thin shaft, his shaved balls hung low between his legs, my hands were on his thighs, he was nervous, shy, he surveyed the room to see who was watching him as he sat naked, vulnerable, I took his chin in my hand, pointed his face to mine, 

"Look at me baby, only me." 

I gently kissed him, sucking his lips to mine. I could kiss this man for hours. I kissed his chest, slowly laid him back so I could get to his beautiful cock, I placed my face directly beside his shaft not touching his cock with my mouth, just breathing hot air into his pubic hair, the anticipation was driving him crazy. I licked my way down to his knees and back up, I held my face on the other side of his throbbing cock, I pulled back and took his balls in my mouth, one at a time, I wanted to feel them with my tongue, gently caress them in my warm wet mouth, the skin at the base of his balls was so soft, his balls rolling in my mouth, my tongue licking between his legs attempting to get to his perky ass. 

I took his cock deep in my mouth, it was a perfect fit, my tongue massaged, licked, stroked it, ever so gently, I took my time to ensure I got every square inch of his cock with my tongue. I released his cock from my mouth, grabbing his legs, I had him hold them so I could sample his perky little ass hole. He willingly held his legs, letting me get a look at my prize, the man had a perfect hole, his ass crack shaved smooth, his hole pink begging me to invade it with my tongue, I got into position so I would be in line with his hole.

I licked him, my tongue pushing as it passed thru his pretty hole, he whimpered, his hole was so tight, it would take some time to loosen him up, I ran my tongue up and down getting him wet, I placed my tongue at his hole, pressing harder, my tongue eventually slid in, the man was not only clean, but tasted almost sweet, my tongue was in overdrive, my cock rock hard in anticipation of invading his handsome hole. I had him moaning, groaning, he was about to yell, he begging me to push my cock into his ass, however I would make him wait till I was ready to invade his hole in my time, besides I wanted to continue to rim his pretty little hole.

I wet my hand getting my cock wet, he handed me a packet of lube, I lubed up his ass, my cock as well, I would not be using a condom with his fine ass, he would take my load in him so it would drip slowly out of his loosened hole. I got my eight inches ready to penetrate his cavern, I pressed his hole with my tool, he placed his legs on my shoulders, I grabbed his hips, the only way my cock would ever enter is if I made it enter him. I pulled with my hands, pushed with my hips, my cock slowly entered his hole, his eyes got bigger, his mouth wide open on the verge of screaming, seems he had never taken a cock of my size before. Once inside I held it there, leaned in and kissed him. 

"Fuck me please! Fuck me hard! Do you hear me?" 

I heard him alright, he may be sorry later, but I would ravage his hole. My cock was like a piston, slamming in and out, our bodies making slapping noises, he was groaning, grunting, I would not last long pumping him this hard, I was so close, my cock right on the edge of shooting its payload, 

"Fuck I'm cumming." 

He grabbed his own cock, stroked it three maybe four times, 

"Fuck me harder, Make me cum, Oh Fuck, your fucking me so hard." 

His cock blasted so much cum.

I collapsed on top of the man from exhaustion, I leaned in kissed him. I pulled out, grabbing my towel, I ran into him in the shower, his ass dripping cum down his leg, when I finished my shower, I walked over to him, pressed him to the wall, kissed him,  

"Thanks man that was incredible." 

He simply looked at me, smiled, 

"No Thank you that was great, best fuck I have ever had in my entire life." 

We kissed once more, I wrapped my towel around my waist, walking off. As I got dressed he came in the locker room, I did not see him till I was about to walk out, again I kissed him before I left.

A week later I was in the bar with friends playing pool, I looked towards the bar, there was my fuck buddy sitting on a bar stool, he smiled at me, I smiled back, he later sent me over a drink, I went over to thank him, he was chatting with his friends, I barged in, pulled him into a kiss, his friends all were aghast at my forwardness, 

"Thanks for the beer sexy, and the kiss." 

"Come over to mine later?" 

"Like I would say no to you baby."

I went back to my friends, finishing our game of pool, 

"What that was about?" 

"He is my fuck buddy, I will be getting some later tonight boys."