 I let the hot water run down my sore back. A well needed shower after a vigorous workout. As the steam from the hot water filled the shower I began to think of my new friend, Rick.

It has been a while since I last worked out. Age and health dictated that I get myself back into shape. I joined our local community health club. Just built in the last year it offered everything an expensive health club offered minus the glitz. There were plenty of machines to work out on. After spending the last month on cardiovascular workouts I thought it was time to add weights. That is when I met Rick.

Rick was working out on a machine next to me. We were both watching the ballgame that was on one of the many TV’s that hung from the ceiling. Our home team had just taken the lead in one of the most exciting games of the young season. It was obvious we were both fans and started to talk stats together. I found Rick to be a pleasant and informative young man. I grew an instant liking towards him and it was obvious he felt the same. We agreed to finish our work out together.

During our workout we discussed many topics and commented on the many in shape and out of shape people in the club. Rick would not say anything cruel. He was very respectful of other people. It was nice to meet someone who was genuine.

I did begin to notice he didn’t really respond when I talked about the women in the club. I had a feeling he was gay. I honestly didn’t care. I’m far from homophobic. I like most people, no matter what their orientation is.

Rick himself was in pretty good shape. Though he was no Adonis he still put me to shame. He stood about six feet tall. His hair was blonde and his eyes were blue. His face was kind and I had to admit he was a good-looking man. He was 35 years old, 12 years my junior. In contrast I was out of shape. I was not fat but I did have a bit of the belly going. It is hard to get back into shape when one is 47.

Rick turned out to be a good workout partner for me. He was never pushy and always had an encouraging word for me. He got me to push myself harder than I would have if I was by myself but he didn’t push too hard. During the different sessions on the machines Rick touched me quite often. They were mostly pats of encouragement but it was they way he did it that conveyed more. Then there was the gentle smile on his face and the sparkle in his eyes.

I thought about these things in the shower. I found myself becoming aroused. I have had a couple of sexual encounters with other men but they were experiments. I love women. I love everything about them. I love pussy. As long as I can remember I have had fantasies about being with another man. It took many years before I acted on it. When I finally did the act was nothing like I imagined, so I never sought it out again. Rick was bringing back those fantasies.

My cock grew as I thought of his smile, the sparkle in his eyes. During our workout I couldn’t help but notice he had a good size package on him. Now I thought of how it would feel, as it grew hard in my hand. I wondered how big he was. I began to stroke myself as I fantasized about Rick. My own cock was as stiff as it has ever been.

I couldn’t believe I was in the clubs shower room, stroking myself. When Rick and I finished our workout he said he had to go. I was a little disappointed because I wanted to get a glimpse of him naked and see if I could see that cock of his. No such luck. We had exchanged numbers and agreed to call each other and set up future workouts. We were the last two males left in the club so I didn’t worry about someone hearing me stroke off.

I couldn’t believe what I was thinking and what I was doing. I hadn’t been this turned on in such a long time. I was totally lost in my fantasy. I had no idea I was being watched.

“Let me do that for you.” I turned in shock as the voice brought me back to reality.

I stammered, absolutely unable to say anything. Rick was standing there naked, watching me.

“I… I… I thought you left,” was all that would come out of my mouth.

“I couldn’t get you off my mind, Steve,” he said. “I took the chance you would still be here.”

He walked over to me, his eyes looking into mine. “You turned me on so much during our workout.”

“M-me, I turned you on?” I softly responded.

“Yes, you did,” he said.

Rick reached out to touch my face but I stepped back. I couldn’t believe what was happening. Rick thought I was offended.

“I’m sorry,” he said as he took a step back. “I don’t mean to be so forward. There is just something about you…” his voice trailed off.

“I know you are not gay, Steve, forgive me. I didn’t mean to frighten you.” Such a sad look came over his face. “I-I, I just thought…” now it was his turn to stammer.

My heart was racing. I had never had an encounter like this. I never had another man tell me I turned him on. Rick was on the verge of walking away. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. I reached for my bath sponge and soap.

“You wanted to give me a hand,” I said as I handed him the items.

He took them and he smiled. What a beautiful smile. He soaped up the sponge, reached out and started to run the sponge over my skin. He was so gentle. He started at my shoulders and slowly worked his way down. The sponge caressed my belly. He seemed to like it, spending extra time on it. “So cute,” he said.

I was so rock hard and excited I thought I would explode any second. He stopped and looked me in the eyes. He dropped the sponge. ‘Not needed,’ he said as he smiled a devilish grin. 

He took the soap and soaped up his hands. Now his slippery hands ran across my tummy and slipped down. His touch was electric. I was surely going to cum soon. Then his soapy hands were on my cock and balls. My knees weakened and I had to lean against the shower wall for support.

Slowly his right hand stroked my cock as his left cupped my balls. I put my arms around his neck, mainly for more support but it drew him against me. I looked into his eyes and found myself putting my lips on his. I had never kissed a man but with Rick it felt so natural. My soapy body slipped against his. I felt his own hard cock pressed against mine as Rick drew his arms up and around me, pulling me tighter to him.

We kissed passionately. My hands working up and down his back. I let my hands slide down to his ass, where I grabbed his ass checks and pulled him against me, grinding my cock against his. I never felt such a sensation before. His cock was so much bigger than mine. He had to be a good 8 inches. I wondered what it would feel like in my mouth but before I could act on that thought Rick and dropped down, his face at my cock.

“Shaved? Nice,” and proceeded to take my cock into his mouth.

Rick’s head bobbed back and forth. He made incredible slurping noises as his mouth sucked on my cock. I grabbed his head with my hands and started to fuck his mouth. I have received some great blowjobs by females before, or so I thought. Rick was a man who definitely knew how to please with his mouth. 

My moans told Rick he was doing a great job. He grabbed my ass with both hands and forced my cock harder and deeper into his mouth. I could feel the tip of my cock hit the back of his throat. I couldn’t hold back anymore. He was going to make me cum.

“R-Rick… o-o-o-oooooo, I-I, oh goddddddddd,” I screamed as I erupted into his mouth. His lips clamped tightly around my cock as spurt after spurt came. I was shaking all over from one of the most incredible orgasms I have ever had. 

Rick swallowed it all and then continued to suck on my cock as it slowly went soft. I never had that done to me before and it was fantastic but it had me shuddering and shaking. My knees were weak from orgasm but Rick held me up with his hands, which were still on my ass, my back was against the shower wall.

Finally Rick let my cock pop out of his mouth and he kissed my belly as he looked up at me. “Did you like?”

I could hardly answer; my breath was slowly coming back to me. All I could do was smile down at him. I ran a hand through his hair and nodded my head in approval. He then stood up and I pulled him to me to kiss him. I tasted myself in the process. This I had done many times with the females in my life. They found it to be very exciting that I would want to kiss them after they gave me head. It did the same to Rick.

“I want you to fuck me, Steve,” he said. His right hand was playing with the wet hairs on my chest.

I looked around the shower room, surprised no one heard me scream. I was sure it would be a matter of time before we were checked on. Our luck couldn’t hold out much longer.

“Let’s get dressed and go to my house,” I said as I caressed his head. “I’m sure we will be much more comfortable.”

He kissed my chest and smiled at me. “Let’s go then.”

To be continued…..