 I met Oscar online, off of one of those hook up apps. We had some shared interests and according to his profile photo he was also pretty cute. He was short, probably 5'7", with light brown skin and black hair. He was younger than me probably mid twenties and he had one of those emo haircuts where it's short all the way around but it swoops over the top. He knew about my disability and that this would be my first time with a man, but he seemed cool with the whole situation and we had gotten to know each other pretty well. I have a form of Muscular Dystrophy that makes me unable to move my arms and legs but I have full sensation all over my body. However, this would be the first time we met in person.

I was laying in bed naked underneath my sheets. My caregiver had undressed me and left my phone next to me so that I could call in case Oscar didn't show up or there was some other emergency. My caregiver was fine with the whole thing but she wasn't all that interested in meeting my would-be lover. So she left the door unlocked, and Oscar knew to come right in when he arrived. We were both taking big risks, but I had faith that nothing horrible would happen and that this would be a rewarding experience for both Oscar and I.

In my excited state, that I jumped when there was a knock at the door. The door opened slightly and a male voice said, "Hello, Chris?" 

"I'm back here Oscar, please come in and lock the door behind you." There was a pause, but then I heard a click as the latch slid into place. He walked slowly towards my room looking for me. I saw him cross the threshold and he looked almost the same as his photo. His hair was the same but he had used an older photo in his profile. I was actually glad to see that we were closer in age, but despite being older than I thought, he was still very attractive.

Oscar actually looked relieved when he saw that I was also the same person that he had met online. He was simply dressed, black t-shirt, sweatpants and a baseball hat. "Hi, it's nice to finally meet you in person." Oscar spoke softly and soothingly, making me feel immediately at ease. In that very moment I knew that all of this had been well worth it.

My lap was covered by my sheets but my torso was fully exposed. "I didn't know if you had any lube so I brought some with me," he said holding up a small grocery bag. 

"Oh, good," I said, "I didn't even think of that, thank you." Oscar put the bag down and approached the side of my bed, he looked me up and down with a fascinated cool look on his face. He looked down and a coy smile crept across his lips. 

"I see that you're excited to see me." For a second I was confused, but then I followed his gaze over to the tent poking out of my lap. Looking closely I could see a small dark spot at the peak getting larger and larger as my precum started to drip out. Oscar said, "Let's give that puppy some air shall we." I nodded in reply.

He slowly pulled back the sheet exposing my erect penis and balls. I asked him to leave my feet covered so that they would stay warm. The air on my genitals gave me a slight shiver and I could feel my nipples harden and my sphincter tighten. My cock bobbed a little as more precum dribbled down my shaft. "Ooh baby if you get any wetter we won't even need the lube I bought," Oscar said in a fake disappointed voice. Before I said anything else he told me to relax and that he had everything "handled." I had him lay me back and raise the bed frame up with the bed controller, but I didn't lay too far back because I wanted to watch him. Oscar began by sliding his hands all over my chest and stomach, gently caressing my sides, waist and down the inside of my thighs. He slid his hand over the length of my dick, then lifted it up and reached his other hand underneath my balls and gently squeezed them. "Let's give you some relief." He then opened the bag and pulled out a tube of pharmacy brand lubricant*

Oscar flipped the top of the tube open and tried to squeeze a small amount of lube into his palm but nothing came out. He tried again and still nothing. After a short, loud laugh Oscar said, "It's got the foil thing still on." Once again he squeezed the tube and this time a clear, slightly viscous liquid dripped into his palm.

Oscar stepped right next to me. I could feel his body heat as he reached over to my throbbing cock. He grabbed my cock with his clean hand and pulled back my foreskin. It hurt a little as the skin was pulled taught. Holding the skin back he rubbed the excess lube from his other hand all over the head of my hot member. In a gentle twisting motion he worked his hand down my shaft, making sure that every inch was slick with lube. Then Oscar gripped the head of my cock tighter and began massaging the swollen glans rhythmically. He twisted, caressed, and squeezed me with such glee and attention to detail that I felt like my cock was being worshiped. He moved his hands up and down like this several times, every time he squeezed me I swear that I was an inch away from showering the bed with my pleasure. Oscar stopped and let go of me. I was upset so I asked, "What, why did you stop, please don't stop, I'm so close!" I hated how desperate I sounded but I had never felt so good before in my life. 

"Hold your horses honey," Oscar said surprised, "I'm not finished yet, in fact I'm going to finish you off for being such a good boy."

Oscar got some more lube and rubbed it between his hands, and then he began again with gusto. Using both hands he worked my shaft real good. Then he stroked me with one hand while he massaged my balls with the other. I was writhing in pleasure as he stroked me, moaning as I watched his hands move. Oscar smiled and said, "Let me know when you're close." I knew that it wouldn't be long now, but he was making it hard to think and speak clearly. 

"Unh... yes, I'm... oh god, don't mmm... stop," I said barely able to breathe. Suddenly I felt my balls scrunch up and the heat welling up inside me. "Oscarrrr! I'm c...c...cumming, UHHNNN!" I barely got the words out as my cum spilled out all over Oscar's hands. He milked me hard, making sure every last drop had been thoroughly removed from my balls. After I was spent Oscar went into my bathroom and washed his hands. He smiled as he walked back into the room.

"Is this making you hard?" I blurted out.

"Mmm... so hard," he said in a soft sexy voice. "Would you like to feel how hard I am?"

"Oh...um," I was surprised by the question but I knew my answer. "Yes please, but you'll have to move my arm for me." He gently grasped my wrist and my elbow, for support, and moved my hand ever so gently towards his crotch. As I looked over I noticed his sweatpants were bulging in the middle. His cock was convulsing against the fabric. As my hand moved closer to his crotch the first thing I noticed was the crazy amount of heat coming from between his thighs. He pulled my hand right up against his cock and I felt his shaft pulsing against me as he slid my hand up and down the length of it. "Hold on," he stopped abruptly and put my arm to my side, "I just, I'm just getting too close and I don't want to cum too soon." "How would you like a blowjob?" he asked in a sultry tone. 

"Please, I need it so bad, do it." I was so hungry, that I couldn't help being impatient, my whole body was begging for it. Even though I had just ejaculated, rubbing Oscar's cock had gotten me ready to go again.

"My pleasure, hope you enjoy." And with that he bent over. I watched as his lips came closer and closer to the head of my cock. He paused to brush his hair back so that I could see his face better, then grabbed the bottom of my shaft with his hand, pulling my foreskin back. I could feel his hot, wet breath and then he bobbed his head down, taking my cock into his mouth. It was wonderful, it was so intense that it took all that I had not to cum right away. The tightness of his cheeks when he sucked in, the way his tongue swirled around my cock head, and the sensation of his lips sliding up and down made me moan in ecstasy. I felt the pressure building up in me, I didn't have much time left but when I tried to speak all that came out of my mouth was grunts and moans. Finally I was able to blurt out, "Wait, it's... it's... oh god." I released every ounce of my pent up lust across his tongue and deep into his throat.

It felt like I was cumming for a long time, each convulsion filling my entire body with a blissful warmth. Oscar sucked me dry, pulling out every little bit of my hot jizz. He lifted his head up and back, a look of pure indulgence crept across his face as my hot warm seed pooled in his mouth. Smiling a sultry smile he swallowed. "Mmm..." he said as the warm liquid poured down his throat. "That was nice, how do you feel now?"

I could have cried I was so happy, now I knew what it was like to be truly intimate with someone I liked and who liked me back. 

"I don't have the words to describe it, I feel totally relaxed but completely spent at the same time." Feeling the high of climax I yawned and stretched my muscles as best I could. Then I noticed the bulge in his pants.

"What about you," I nodded towards Oscar's erection, "doesn't he need attention too?" 

He laughed and said, "I don't know he might need a little help, how would you like to do this?"

I didn't know how to answer him, I had not even thought about reciprocating, I just had been thinking about my own pleasure. While I sat there dumbfounded, Oscar had slipped his pants off and without missing a beat grabbed my hand and wrapped my fingers around his throbbing hard cock. Let's just say I was surprised. My mouth was agape as Oscar gently helped me stroke him back and forth. He closed his eyes and moaned as we continued slowly upping the pace. When we were moving fast enough for me to lose my grip, he stopped.

"Ooh, I'm so close," Oscar said with a tense voice, "where do you want my hot, sticky cum? Your chest, stomach, mmm maybe your face." I was caught back by the sudden aggression in his voice, deep down I liked it, but I had an answer this time.

"Shoot your spunk all over my chest you dirty cocksucker." We were both surprised by my sudden dominance. Oscar grinned. "Yes sir right away."

First Oscar got some more lube and grasping his member firmly in his hand, he began to work. I was surprised by how strong his grip was, wringing it out like a wet towel. I started to think about how naughty his dick had been and my pulse quickened. Oscar loosened his grip and sped up, sweat started to shine on his forehead and his breathing hastened.

"Mmmm," Oscar groaned, "I'm gonna cum, get ready."

I didn't know how to get ready but I pretended that I knew what he meant. Oscar's face began to turn red and he groaned and grunted and soon enough he leaned back and came. A thin rope of white sprang out of his slit, and landed in a squiggly line on my stomach. And then instead of another rope, like in porn, jizz spurted out and dripped down the front of his knuckles.

Oscar smiled at me and then said, "Now that felt good, let me clean you up a bit." He leaned over and licked the cum off of me, it felt great but I could tell that my little guy was down for the count. I thanked him and then I asked if he could clean me up a little more. Oscar got a warm washcloth and cleaned my stomach and genitals, making sure every bit of goo was gone.

Oscar covered me back up and put my phone where I could use the speaker phone. We said our goodbyes and he kissed me on the cheek. He offered to come by anytime I needed some relief and I knew that I wouldn't miss another chance.

*Remember kids you can find all kinds of sexual lubricant at your local pharmacy. Pro tip: if you're just using your hands and other appendages use a water based lubricant, also recommended for ALL condoms. Also if you're having vaginal or anal for the first time USE A CONDOM!! Recommended by all health and sexual health professionals.