 I got back between the boys legs and admired his perfect form, his cock a geyser spewing precum all over his abs, his cock rock hard begging to cum. I reached in and grabbed his cock, I would say about seven inches, rock hard probably six inches around, I peeled back the foreskin revealing his precum covered knob, it glistened like it was lit up, it reflected the lights in the room. I knew I had to give it a taste, I pulled his cock to the side and licked what had dribbled onto his abs, the boy jumped as my tongue touched his sensitive skin, I licked him clean, his cock inches from my wanting mouth.

I held his cock like it was a trophy of sorts, it felt so nice in my hand, like it belonged there, I could see the boy was anticipating me taking his cock in my mouth, his waiting would end right now. I slowly leaned in stopping and looking him in the eyes, I could see the longing, he was almost pleading with me to take his cock in my mouth. I flicked my tongue on his knob his whole body spasmed, I pursed my lips to his piss slit gently sucking in his delicious precum. 

My lips slowly opening taking in the boys beautiful cock, his knob slowly disappeared into my mouth, my tongue bathed his cock in spittle, I did not stop till his cock was enveloped in my mouth his trimmed pubes on my nose, his balls on my chin. I sucked down on the boys cock, my tongue massaging the base of his beautiful hose, his cock jumped, swelled, his foreskin retracted, his body contorted, he let out a wild scream as he filled my mouth and throat with his wonderful seed. His cock seemed to go on and on, his arms tried to grab for me, his legs tensed, his toes curling, as his orgasm rocked his body, the boy held his breath as the last of his cum entered my mouth.

I milked his cock clean, saving the last of it to share with the boy, his knob extra sensitive, his body contorted as my tongue brushed under his foreskin. I laid on top of him now, my mouth inches from his, I pressed my lips to his, pushing my tongue into his mouth, slowly releasing the cum he had just deposited. The boys eyes opened wide, then he got into the kiss, sucking my tongue to get any and all of the cum I had in my mouth.

I pulled away from the kiss, laying on top of him, looking in his deep blue eyes, he smiled, pursed his lips, I reached over and released his left hand, then his right, he took my head into his hands and pulled me into a kiss, the boy knew how to kiss, he now had me moaning. I pulled myself up and untied his feet, in one motion he flipped me over and it was now he who was on top of me, holding my hands over my head, his mouth on mine, kissing me, he reached over and tied my right hand, I went to object, I was not the one who got tied up ever, but for some reason I would let him.

He tied my left hand then my feet, it was now I who was at his mercy, he was in control, the boy climbed on top of me sitting his perfect ass on my hardened cock, he gently slid back and forth, I tried to tell him to stop or I may cum, he simply put his finger on my lips to silence me. The boy kissed licked and sucked me head to toe, I had never let anyone, or trusted anyone to tie me up and do as they pleased to me, it was invigorating and terrifying at the same time. The boy sucked my cock till I was right on the edge of cumming, then he abruptly stopped, I could feel the cum boiling in my balls ready to explode, needing release.

The boy got up, grabbed the lube from the bureau, got back on me straddling my abdomen, he slicked up my cock, then his hole, sliding a finger or two to loosen it all up. He grabbed my cock pointing it to his hole, he pushed down, but my cock would not go in, the boy was tight, he pushed a finger in then tried again, my cock broke him open, you could see the agony on his face, but the boy was determined to take my cock to the base.

At first he got about three maybe four inches in, not any more, but this boy was determined, he forced my cock into his tight little ass, he rode me hard, I was not sure if it was his first time but the boy was good. Once my cock bottomed out he sat there, this glazed look on his face, slowly he lifted his bottom, then slammed it back down, he winced a few times but his hole getting used to the abuse quickly. This much stimulation on my cock was more than I could take, my balls needed to unload.

The boy rode my cock, taking his erection in his hand and stroking himself, I could see he was right on the edge of yet another explosive orgasm. His balls rose, his face contorted, his ass tightened its grip on my already imprisoned cock, my balls pulled up, my cock swelled, the boy shot me in the chin, lips and nose, my tongue quickly lapped up what it could. My cock would soon explode, it had been days since my last orgasm.

The boy continued to ride my cock not missing a stroke, my cock blasted his hole, I could see he felt the cum shoot in him, it was apparent by the look on his face. He continued to ride me hard, he wanted any and all the cum I could give him. I laid there spent, my balls drained my cock slowly shrinking, the boy had other ideas, he pulled himself off of me, my cock popping out, covered in cum and lube, the boy got between my legs taking my cock into his mouth, licking me clean, savoring all the cum I had left in me, the boy drained me and licked me clean, making my cock hard as ever, he sucked me going balls deep, he would get his creamy reward if he had to take it from me.

The technique he used was amazing, sucking down hard as he sucked me down his throat, his tongue magical sliding up and down the shaft. My cock could only take so much stimulation, he quickly drained me of another creamy load, my balls ached but the ache felt good. The boy doing as I had done came up for a kiss to share his prize, he slowly fed me some of my own cum. He pulled away looking me in the eyes.

"Think I could drain you of another load sir?" He asked with a sly smile.

"I am sure you could but son my balls may implode if you do." I said with a laugh.

"Be fun to try anyways sir." He said sliding down my chest.

"No Please Son No I can't." I said pleading with the boy.

"Okay Sir we can try that next time then." He said as he untied my left leg.

Once untied I laid on top of him, just looking in his eyes, dam I liked him. I leaned in and kissed him, making him moan once again, we rolled over him now on top of me, he positioned himself so his head was on my chest, his arms on each side of me, my arms holding him firmly to me. He and I would soon fall asleep like this, I woke about a half hour later, needing to pee really badly, the boy was out, so comfortable on his Daddy's chest. I gently rolled him off of me, he and I both sweating from our body heat. He laid there still sound asleep, naked vulnerable, his cock semi erect, his body glistening from the sweat of our bodies.

I went to pee, standing at the toilet he came in behind me, his hands wrapped around me, he grabbed my penis holding it as it unloaded. Once done the boy took my place and peed, I reached around and held his semi erect cock, it felt so nice in the hand, soft and hard at the same time, he quickly finished, I gave it a shake, then turned him around and kissed him holding his head in my hands, his arms wrapped around me we kissed losing track of time, the boys cock dripped some precum on my leg, my own cock sprung into action.

I pulled out of the kiss getting on my knees and taking his cock right there in front of the toilet, I took his hands and placed them on each side of my head, I started the action of him fucking my mouth, he soon caught on ramming his cock into me, at times I could not catch my breath, still he fucked my mouth, all to soon his balls rose, his cock tightened, his grip pulling me in more, the boy took my mouth and throat, he rammed his cock in, till he held it deep in my throat, his cock spurting what felt like gallons of cum in me. 

I choked swallowed then gagged but all the time he never stopped his cock pistoned my mouth, using me for his pleasure with no concern of my well being. He quickly pulled his cock out of my mouth pulling me to my feet, he pushed me to the wall, his lips on mine, he kissed me, he slipped out of the kiss and dropped to his knees, I was not sure I could cum again, but he was determined to try.

He took my cock deep in his mouth, with his signature sucking action, it would not take long and I would be drained of yet another load of creamy cum. He grabbed my balls firmly in his hand, gently squeezing them at first, then his grip tightening more and more. My cock would blow soon with all this stimulation, his mouth sucked down tighter, my balls swelled, my cock spasmed and I bathed the boys tonsils with my creamy load, he sucked till there was no more.

He stood holding me to the wall, he kissed me, his arms wrapped around my neck, me holding him in tight. We stood there gazing into each others eyes, I finally broke the gaze.

"Water I need some water, how about you?" I asked him as I lowered my hands.

"Yes water is good." He said still holding me around the neck.

I took his right hand and guided him to the kitchen, he sat in a bar stool while I got us some ice water, he was so cute perched on the bar stool. I brought us water drinking about half the glass, he only stared at me as he drank his glass till all that remained was ice, he took a cube in his mouth and pulled me into a kiss, he pushed the cube into my mouth, I sucked on it then pressed it back into his.