 Finding a new place to live is always a drag and I was spending Saturday morning looking through the online classifieds for someone to share a house or apartment with. There were plenty of ads that looked just fine but one jumped out at me and raised my curiosity. It was an ad from a 50ish guy looking for a guy to share his four bedroom house. That in itself was not unusual but there were a few lines in the ad that stood out such as: "younger, slimmer preferred", "lifestyle tolerant", and "discounted rent for service oriented males". I've always been very very submissive but have never been with a man before. At 30 years old I had served plenty of dominant women and even had some sissy training where I was made to act like a little slut , suck on dildos and even had my ass stretched open by a strap-on but had never been with a male dom. Still, I was very intrigued. I traded a few emails with Bruce, the landlord, and we decided to meet that afternoon.

When I arrived at the house I must say I was very impressed. It was large and well cared for, with plenty of land around it. This was really looking like a place I could settle into. I knocked on the door and Bruce, a tall well built gentleman with salt and pepper hair and a goatee answered and invited me in. We had a very ordinary interview with no mention of the special phrases I had picked up on in his ad. He did however have a very sly grin on his face that made me more than a little nervous. We agreed that I would move in at the end of the month. We shook hands and just before leaving I asked Bruce if I could use the restroom before my drive home. He showed me which room and left me on my own. Once inside the bathroom I immediately noticed a stack of magazines next to the toilet. They were all hardcore bondage and discipline mags featuring male slaves with very large cocks in every orifice. I flipped through a few and with my mind racing and my own cock growing harder I excused myself and returned to my own apartment. This was definitely getting interesting....

A few weeks later I was all moved in and really loving the new place. Bruce was rarely around and when he was he mostly ignored me. That is until one night when I returned home earlier than usual to find Bruce on the couch wearing leather boots and vest and very little else. He was watching something on the TV that I couldn't see from my angle. What I could see was his nine inch cock which was sticking straight up with his hand wrapped around it slowly jerking himself off. I started to back out of the living room but Bruce stopped me and in a very stern voice told me to come sit down. I was very nervous but did as I was told. 

"Watch this video, I think you'll like it." was all Bruce said. I settled in on the other end of the couch and stared at the movie playing on the TV. The screen showed a mid-20's guy naked and tied to a bed. His ass was beat red, there was a butt plug visible between his cheeks, and he was sucking on what appeared to be a very large dildo, and he was being slowly paddled by someone just out of the camera's view. The guy on the TV was squirming and squealing, begging for his Master to stop. My cock was getting harder by the second.

"Do you like what you see?" Bruce asked

"Yes" I managed to stammer.

"I knew you were a little slut the first day you walked in here. Now it's time for you to be my little slut and get some real training. Ever suck a dick before?"

"No" I said honestly, staring at his huge fat cock just a few feet in front of me.

"Well what are you waiting for? Get on your knees and start sucking, slut"

I don't know what came over me but I slid right off the couch and crawled over between Bruce's legs. I looked up at him and was more than a little frightened by the sheer dominance coming from him. He put his hand on the back of my head and pushed my lips down to his cock. I opened up and took the head into my mouth and began to suck. I had never done this before but was immediately thrilled by the intense submissive feeling that having a cock in my mouth caused. I let out a very pleased squeal and heard Bruce laugh. In no time I was sucking away as hard and as fast as I could, just like I've seen women do in porno movies, and was making yummy noises to let my new Master know how happy I was. 

"That's it you little cocksucker, suck that fat dick!" he encouraged me. 

By now I was forcing as much of his cock into my throat as I could and was gagging and drooling like a drowning victim. Still I was in heaven. 

"Please give me your hot cum, Master! Please feed your little whore!" I begged. Again Bruce laughed and said, "I think I'll take a little poke at that tight ass of yours first, slut" I squealed with delight and started licking his cock from balls to head while begging him to fuck me. I've taken my share of strap-ons in my day and absolutely love being fucked in the ass. The thought of Bruce's extra hard cock inside me was more than I could bear. He pushed me off of him and asked me to show him my favorite position. I immediately got to my hands and knees, pushing my shoulders all the way down to the carpet and reached my arms back to spread my cheeks.

to be continued.....