 I met him online, his profile said he was a "Sub Bottom looking for a dominant top." we chatted online for a lengthy time, he told me his do's and do nots. He was quite extensive on what he would do and what he would not do. I was amazed at all the things he told me, here I had a sub bottom that wanted to dictate what he would and would not do. He wanted to meet in a public area, as he was not comfortable meeting me at my place the first time.

We met at a coffee shop, it was very busy, people in and out, it was impossible to actually talk as to many would hear what we were trying to convey to each other. We decided to take a walk thru a small park in the area, we found a secluded part of the park where he and I could talk. He started with his what his limits were and what he would not do, I stopped him mid sentence.

"Listen to me bitch, I am the dom here not you, I will dictate what you will do and what you will not do, you are not in charge I am, I will do what I please to you and you will follow my orders to a tee, or you and I will not play anytime soon, Got it?" I told him as sharply as I could.

He sat there for a few minutes, not saying a word, I could see he was processing the information I had just conveyed to him. I also noticed his cock had sprung up arching his trousers he had on, He stood up and looked me directly in the eyes.

"I really don't think I can play with you, I'm not sure I can give you total control of my." he tried to say.

I cut him off by saying, "Get on your knees and lick my boot bitch, shut your fucking mouth and lick my boot, you talk to much and are in need of a master to train your bitch ass." I said harshly to him.

He stood there, his cock growing as he stood in front of me, his cock trying to break free of the confines of his trousers.

"Look at you trying to decide if you should get on your knees or be a bitch and walk away, looks like your cock is liking what I am telling you boy." I told him bluntly.

He reached down and tried to make his cock less visible, there was no hiding his cock pointing out of his tight pants. He took a step closer, got on one knee and bent down to lick my boot.

"Now that's a good boy, you will pay for your disobedience once I get you to my home, a good spanking is in order I do believe." I forcefully told him.

He looked at me coyly, turning a nice crimson color, I knew he was intrigued by the spanking, I would not disappoint the boy he would pay for his disobedience and insolent comments. I grabbed him by the hair, pulling him closer to me.

"Open your mouth boy." I said with a raised voice.

I leaned in and spit in his mouth, "You ever disobey me anywhere again and I will pull your pants down and spank your bare ass in public, you hear me boy?" I almost growled as the words left my mouth.

"I'm so sorry sir!" He tried to say.

"Shut up and only speak when I tell you too understand?" I conveyed to him harshly.

He nodded in agreement, I released his hair and pushed him to the ground. 

"Insolent little slut thinks he can tell me what to do, I should spank you right here in public to teach your sorry ass a lesson. I said noticing he was getting off on the idea of being spanked in a public forum.

"Get up and come stand in front of me, hurry up don't make me wait." I ordered him.

He quickly got in front of me standing much to close, his cock still tenting his trousers.

"Are you wearing underwear boy? I asked him in a rough voice.

"Yes sir sorry sir do you not want me wearing underwear?" He asked me obediently.

"You are to never wear underwear, I want your ass ready for me all the time, you will be clean and ready at a moments notice, you will never meet me without being ready, turn around and show me that bubble butt of yours." I ordered him.

He slowly turned, showing me his lovely butt that filled his pants so perfectly, I ran my hand over his perfect globes, sliding my hand between his legs touching his balls in the process.

"Pull them down, show me that ass that is now mine to use and abuse." I told him.

He hesitated before taking his trousers down, turning looking at me for confirmation.

"I told you boy your ass cock balls and your entire body is mine to use when I see fit you will obey my every command, or suffer the consequences, do you understand me now son?" I asked him giving him a look of malice.

He slowly turned unbuttoning his trousers, unzipping and exposing his beautiful ass for me to enjoy, I ran my hand over the two perfectly shaped orbs, with a dusting of hair they were perfect in every way. I reached around his waist to pull him in closer, I caught him off-guard, I pulled my right hand back and smacked him across the butt, he screamed with pain and pleasure, I let me hand stay in position, I pulled back once more and another blow to his perfect ass, he let out a loud moan. 

"One more good one for being such a bad boy, next time you won't be so disobedient to Daddy." I said as the third slap landed on his beautiful ass.

He let out a moan like he had creamed himself.

"Thank you sir for teaching me what a bad boy I have been." He said apologetically.

"You're welcome son, now get your trousers zipped up, come sit with me so I can give you the instructions you need for our meeting later this evening." I told him.

He took the seat next to me, he was such a shy young man, so handsome almost pretty, his short blond hair, his barely visible mustache he was attempting to grow, at nineteen the boy seemed a lot younger. He had a well defined chest, pecs that protruded thru his tight tee with some logo on it, his trousers were tight, his muscular butt taking up lots of space. I placed a hand on his knee, he looked at me waiting for instructions, on when he should be at my home and what he should wear or not wear.

I gave him clear concise information, no underwear, his ass to be cleaned, douched, his balls shaved, his cock hair free, his pubes trimmed short, he was to be showered and clean, ready for anything I wanted from him. He was to arrive at exactly seven pm he was to never be late or pay the consequences, he and I parted ways, he headed home to get started on his homework I had given him, trimming shaving, getting himself ready for our play time.