 He arrived five minutes before he was to be at my place, I looked at him standing at my door waiting for me to tell him to come in, such a handsome young man, he had the bluest eyes, the whitest teeth, and the fullest lips, you wanted to grab him and kiss him for hours.

"Get in here and get undressed, leave your clothes on the floor right here at the door, when your in my house you are to never wear clothes, you will be naked and ready for me at all times understand?" I commanded.

"Yes sir." He replied not saying anything more.

"Good Boy!" I said to him.

He walked in and quickly removed his clothes, first his tee, I loved his chest with the fine dusting of hair on the upper chest, with a soft treasure trail down his abdomen, he flexed his pecs to show me how good he looked, he went to unfasten his trousers.

"Wait son turn around show Daddy your back." I directed him.

He slowly turned showing me his back, he was hairless except for a strip of hair above his butt crack, he again flexed his muscles showing how well defined his body really was. He slowly turned forward and opened his trousers, his cock flopped out, his pubes perfectly trimmed, his cock hairless, his balls a soft pinkish tone to them also shaved smooth, his thighs extremely muscular, covered in a layer of hair. The last to come off his socks, the boy even had pretty feet, I am not a foot guy but I could see myself licking his feet and sucking his toes.

"Come in son, I will show you around." I told him, but first I grabbed a collar and leash from the front closet,

"You will wear this each and every time you are in my house, you are my pet, I can keep you in line with this, and if you disobey, you know the punishment don't you?" I told him looking squarely into his eyes.

"Yes Sir." He replied immediately.

I took him room to room, he would need to know where things were so he could get things I needed when I needed them, I would have my very own butler so to speak, and a young naked one at that.

"This is our play room son, get on the bed and spread those legs and arms." I urged him.

He complied laying on the bed, I tied his left hand first, then his left leg, I ran my hand over his foot, such a pretty foot indeed, then his right foot, and finally his right hand. He gave me this look, part fear, part lust, I could tell he was so horny, but the fear was still in his eyes. Somehow I liked the fact that he was a little scared, it added to the whole scenario of me being in control. I went to the bureau and took out a blindfold and a ball gag, once blindfolded, and gagged I left the room, he would lay there trying to figure out what I would do to him.

I walked in about ten minutes later, his cock was deflated, but still so perfect, I love an uncut cock, how the skin envelopes the knob concealing it keeping the knob so sensitive. I ran my hand along his thigh to his ankle, I stood at the foot of the bed holding both his feet in each of my hands, putting my fingers between his toes, the boy had such soft feet. I got on the bed in between his legs, my hands roaming up his legs to his thighs, I could see him inhale a large amount of air in anticipation of me touching his penis, my hands went past, gently caressing his balls, his whole body jumped with just a touch.

My hands continued up his abdomen to his rock hard chest, I pinched his nipples, rolling them between my index and thumb, his head was turning right to left back and forth, my hands went to his armpits, he had even trimmed his pits not bare but trimmed short, my hands went up his muscular arms right up to his restrained hands. I moved up his body sitting on his chest, I still had on my street clothes, my hands went to his face, such a pretty face, I removed the ball gag, I ran my thumb across his full lips, I wanted those lips on my semi erect cock, I could feel them now caressing my knob with his sensuous lips.

I leaned in and kissed him, the boy moaned, he had never been kissed by a man, I mean a real kiss, I ran my tongue over his lips into his mouth, his tongue met mine, we playfully tongue wrestled, I pulled back my tongue and again kissed him, I could get lost kissing this young man. I sat up and removed his blindfold, I wanted him to watch me now.

I got off the bed, standing to the side so he would be a good view of me, I slowly unbuttoned my shirt, letting it slide off of me showing my muscular chest, tight abs, and gorgeous tan I had. I unfastened my belt buckle, taking my time sliding it through the belt loops, I held the belt in my hands, snapping it on the bed inches from his bare body, his cock jumping with every hit. I slid my pants off showing my tight spandex underwear, barely concealing my cock and balls.

I kicked my trousers to the side, grabbed the waistband of my underwear, and ever so slowly pulled them downward, stopping as the waistband reach the base of my ever growing cock. The boys eyes were transfixed on my actions, he longed to see my huge cock, I would make him wait no more, I pulled downward my cock slipping out of my underwear, popping out and slapping my abdomen with a smack. 

My cock was rock hard, the tip dripping precum, the boy licked his lips as he stared at my engorged penis.

"Want to taste it son?" I asked knowing the answer.

"Oh yes please sir, yes please." He begged me.

I kicked my underwear to the corner of the room, got on the bed straddling the boys chest, my knees in his armpits, all I had to do was lean forward and he would have his reward, a mouth full of precum dripping cock. I would have to tease him some before I would let him have my cock, I kneeled above him my cock out of reach for him to get to. I could see the lust in his eyes, he needed my cock in him, he needed a taste of my clear fluid dripping out of my hose. 

I milked my cock so it would deposit a string of precum in his mouth, on his lips, the long string seemed to hang on, finally dropping onto the boys mouth, lips and chin. He lapped it up like a dog with an ice cream cone, he held his mouth open anticipating I would feed him more, I leaned in and let him lick the tip of my cock, I could see the frustration in his eyes, he wanted more, he tried to lift his head to take more of my engorged cock into his mouth, I held his head down I would control how much cock he would get and when I would feed it to him.

I covered the boys lips with clear fluid, which he lapped up, I put my balls in his mouth, he took them massaging them with his tongue, ever so gentle not to harm me in any way. I pulled my balls out of his mouth and stayed above him, I could see the look in his eyes was he wanted more, but he would make me cum if I let him and I was not ready to cum just yet.