 As you will know if you've read part 1, My Seducer's Arsehole, Lou and I had met on holiday in Corfu and he had seduced me into fucking him. That wasn't what I had in mind: I wanted him to fuck me.

So...

Lou lay on the hotel bed with the tingle of my just-departed cock in his arse. "You have a beautiful cock," he said, "and I want you to fill me again some time. But I know what you want. I saw it in your eyes the moment we entered the room." He looked at me intently, inviting a reaction. The reaction I gave involuntarily was to lift my knees. I was on my back, facing away from him, so my movement exposed my crack to him. I felt so wanton, exposing myself to him, but I couldn't help myself. Here I was in bed with a very attractive man, with the thick body hair and slightly fat stomach that I craved. I wanted him to fuck me.

My cock had already been inside him and now it was my turn to receive. I put my knees down again, slightly embarrassed, but my raging hardon told him all he needed to know. It confirmed it, in fact, because he already knew.

What I wanted was to be dominated. I wanted a man to direct operations as I had been directing them with women all these years. It's like you read about women who like Fifty Shades of Grey. They don't want to go back to the age of male domination, but they get a kick out of surrendering control temporarily. And that's what I wanted. To have a man assert his authority over me in sexual matters. I didn't want to be abused, but used in a way that gave us both pleasure.

"Say it," Lou whispered.

"Say what?"

"What you want to happen next."

He gripped his own cock and I watched, fascinated, as he jerked it a little and his balls slid in their hairy bag.

"I want you to fuck me," I said quietly.

"You want me to put my cock in your virgin asshole?" he said

"Doggy style," I said.

"You're going to be submissive for the first time in your life," he said. "You're inviting me to do whatever I want with you."

"Yes," I said hesitantly. "As long as that involves fucking me."

"Oh, I'm going to fuck you, my friend," Lou said with a faint trace of menace. "You didn't really want to do it to me, but I really want to do it to you, don't worry about that. I'm going to give you something you'll never forget."

Again I lifted my legs and showed him the prize he had won and which was his for the taking.

"Okay," Lou said. "Get on your knees and I'll get you prepared."

I knelt for him and exposed my crack in my favoured position - so blatant, so, defenceless, so begging.

Lou put a large dollop of lube in my crack and worked it in with his middle finger. He began doing it rhythmically.

"You like that?" he asked playfully.

"Oh yes," I said. "That feels fantastic."

He immediately inserted a secnd finger and plunged the two in deeper, harder. I winced and gasped.

"My cock is bigger than this, " he warned. "And I push harder."

"Fuck me, Lou," I said, collapsing my arms in abject surrender.

He moved into position behind me and poked his cock into my cleft. He wiped it up and down, and as he did, his hairy body rubbed against me. I was desperate for him.

Eventually he put his cock into the slot and leaned forward and his weight slid his cock head into my opening. This was it: I had a cock in my arse. It felt too big, too fierce, and I flinched, but Lou drew me back to him and said,

"It's okay, give it a chance." he pushed slowly in, further and further, and then drew back and I felt the head of his penis dragging the skin of the inside of my arse. It was the most thrilling feeling, filled with meat where none had ever been before.

Lou pumped faster and firmer and I thrilled to the feeling of his cock inside me. I imagined seeing myself being fucked. I resolved that next time we would film it, so I could see my desperate, drooling face as this hairy man buggered me.

I wasn't sure if I was going to cum like this, or whether that mattered the same as it did with a woman.

The gay fucking videos I liked most online were those where the fucker cums afterwards on the fuckee's back or in his crack, and I knew I could wank on Lou when he had finished.

"You can jerk off if you like," my rider told me, and I did as I was told, but then realised I wanted to concentrate on being fucked. I would masturbate in front of him later.

The fucking was incredible. I wanted it to go on forever and I wanted to do it every day. I wanted to be fucked by Lou, by the bartender with his curly blonde hair, by a guy I had seen on the beach, a fat old hispanic guy with a fat old wife, who could join in if she wanted to. And the coach driver who had brought us to the hotel. And all his friends. And all of Lou's friends. Black guys, short fat hairy Indian men, enigmatic Chinese men (you don't see many of them in porn but they must be into it). The black midget who mended tyres in my local garage. I wanted to lick his arse and have him put his disproportionately large cock up my arse. A maths teacher from school all those years ago. A group of basketball players I used to see in the gym locker room; I could smell their bodies and they used to look at me, some of them, but I hadn't been as I was now. Now, they could all have me, one at a time, or maybe two, and they could all cum all over me at the end. How many people were there in the world? Say seven billion, Half of them male. Three and a half billion. Take away 50% who were too young or too old and that still left nearly two billion cocks, primed with spunk and ready to dispatch it in my direction. You could swim in a lake of spunk. Have it massaged it into every pore by stocky Pacific Island men who would top it up with their own fresh contribution at the end. You could drink it all day every day.

In the meantime, Lou was pounding me, giving me a wonderful initiation. I was trembling with the physical sensation of his fucking me and with the realisation that I could now do it all, any time, anywhere.

Just then Lou began to pick up the pace and said urgently,

"I'm gonna cum."

I could hardly wait for it. The thought of his spunk shooting into me was unbelievably exciting.

When he came he heaved and lurched with the cataclysmic intensity of his orgasm. As for me, I tried to absorb it. I wanted to literally absorb is semen, suck it into my very essence, and to absorb the experience into who I was.

Fuck me, world. I'm ready now.

Lou gave a final hump and then collapsed on the bed. I knelt above him and masturbated and when I came, the semen shot out of me as never before. I was electrified, alive, vibrant. And then I was spent, exhausted and utterly relaxed.