 Although I have yet to live out this fantasy, I know I would like to have it happen. Can’t wait to set it up and give it a try.

I decided one night to search the Internet and find a site where I could find males in my living area who were either bi or gay. I am a bi male in his early 30’s who was looking to hook up for some fun with another guy to help live out each others fantasies. Low and behold would I be surprised by what would happen when I did find someone.

I found a site where I joined a group and searched through the members listed to find someone who lived within the area I did. I emailed a couple of them and invited them to chat if they wanted to. For about a week I heard from no one. I was beginning to think I would not be able to live my “hard dream”. Good things come to those who wait. I finally received an email from a guy who lived within 10 miles. He said he was interested in chatting. I set up a time where the two of us could chat and exchange pics. The night came for the chat. We started by describing ourselves to each other. Along with the description came photos attached. He was a nice looking, average guy; kind of like myself. What I liked best was the pic of his cock he sent next. I got hard and my mouth began to water. He said he liked the pic of me and said he would like to meet very soon. This got my blood flowing and heart pumping as I thought ‘It will finally happen’.

We picked a night where I could leave work a few hours early and meet at a local hotel. Both being married and bi, we wanted to play alone first. We also discussed playing as couples since both of our spouses enjoyed seeing two men enjoy and pleasure each other. As the time approached for me to leave work, my heart began to race and my breathing seemed to quicken. I hadn’t felt like this in years. Just thinking about what was going to happen nearly made me cum in my pants. I left work and headed for the hotel. My partner would already be there waiting for me.

I arrived at the hotel room. I knocked on the door and he answered, wearing only a bathrobe and who knows if he had anything on underneath. I entered the room and closed the door behind me. We both spoke and checked each other out. We knew neither of us wanted to leave now; now that we were so close to making things happen. I left the room and went to clean up and get ready. I walked into the room in a pair of boxers. My partner had taken off his robe and was naked—his soft cock nearly 5” already and not even hard yet. I began to stiffen. He noticed this and began to approach me slowly. He took me in his arms and began to kiss me slowly. I was a little nervous but his kiss was so soft and warm that I began to relax and kiss him back. At this, he began to run his tongue across my lips and I took his lead and opened my mouth. Our tongues met and we both began to feel that wonderful, warm sensation as our hardening cocks met at our waists. As we kissed deeply, I did not notice his fingers pulling the waistband of my boxers away from me. When he released the kiss, he knelt and took them down the rest of the way. This put his face and mouth directly in front of my hard 7” cock. I looked down as he began to lick the underside, running his tongue up and down the shaft. He noticed the precum at the head of my cock and this must have been what excited him as the next thing I knew, he had taken my cock in his mouth and run his mouth all the way to my pubes. My knees nearly went out from under me. His first move was to deep throat me. My cock really got stiff. He moved back and began to lick around the head. I took his head in my hands and began to fuck his mouth. All I could hear and feel were the moans emanating from his throat and my cock slid in and out of his lips. He took my cock from his mouth and began to lick and suck on my balls. I let my head tilt back as I told him that was a great blowjob. As I did, I felt his finger run around my asshole. I knew he was testing the waters of checking out my ass. I wasn’t too sure about having anal sex since his cock was 8-9” long erect but not as thick as a normal cock. Maybe!!! We would have to wait and see.

I told my lusting partner that it was his turn and had him sit on the edge of the bed. I knelt down and slowly stroked his cock. I began to slowly lick around the head of his cock as he began to moan. This only made me want to swallow his cock-which I did. I ran my mouth up and down until I could get all of it in my mouth. As I did, I began to slowly knead his balls as his sack tightened up. I then moved my hand to his ass I continued to give him one hell of a blowjob, savoring every tasty inch I could suck. I moved my finger to his ass and began to move it around his opening; teasing him and tickling his ass at the same time. This made him pump his cock in and out of my mouth. I began to get more excited and thinking how wonderful it would be to lay him on his back and ride his cock until he came up my ass. I moved my fingers back and slowly began to release his cock from my mouth. I did not really want to stop this but what I had in mind was even better. I know he would agree and I was ready to make my request.

I suggested my partner lay back and relax. I climbed over the top of him and stood his cock straight up. I lubed him up and spread some around my ass and then eased myself down onto his rock hard cock. At first there was a little pain but as I began to ride him, my moans and his moans superceded anything that was painful. I began to feel his cock poke at my prostate and I was in sheer ecstasy as I rode his cock like there was no tomorrow. I placed my hands on his chest and pinched his nipples as he kept begging me to ride him longer. With each motion down onto his cock, I felt his balls press against my hole and his cock press against the underside of my balls sac. I was in heaven. His moans began to deepen and get louder—I knew what was about to happen. I slowly raised myself a little but continued to ride his cock. Next thing I knew, his juice was filling my ass and I felt the spurts hit high into my ass. I slowed down my movements and began to feel his come slowly leak out my ass to his balls. I was nearly spent as my ass had not had this good of a reaming in a long time. But it was definitely worth the effort as the come began to drip more out of my ass.

I could tell from the soft grin on his face that he enjoyed unloading into my ass. I looked at him and said, “Now, it is your turn to take my cock and juices into you!” He smiled and told me he wanted it in the missionary position. I was all to glad to give it to him in any position. I spread the lube around his ass and put one finger into him to lube him up inside a little. I next stroked the lube around my cock as I smiled, looking down at his ‘male pussy”. That closed little opening about to be put to the test by my cock. I placed the head of my cock on the rim of his ass and slowly entered him. We took it slow so he could get used to me. After the initial pain was gone, I began to increase the speed and depth of my thrusts. I could tell he was enjoying this as much as I was by the way he moved his head from side to side and called out tome “fuck me hard…….fuck me deep…..and let it all flow into me”! That really got me turned on as I began to pump harder. The speed of my thrusts picked up and I was pumping into him as if this were the last fuck either of would ever get. I kept asking him if he liked the nice cock that was in his ass……….if he wanted the juices my cock could offer to his ass. He kept crying out, “let it flow into me…..let if all fly up into my ass.” Well, I did not need anymore of an invitation than that and I immediately buried myself deep into his tight ass and let my come fly. I felt like I would never stop cumming into his ass. When my cock finally stopped spurting, I slowly withdrew and laid down next to my partner. We looked at each other and exchange a long, deep kiss before laying exhausted into each others arms. 

I looked at my partner and spoke about what he thought of the four of us getting together and repeating some of what took place. He said, “you know, our wives might just get off watching the two of us together.” I said, “would that be such a bad thing?” He just smiled and we drifted off for a short nap.