 I do not consider myself gay but definitely bi. I prefer women but have recently become a cumslut craving cum to cover my body.

I had been emailing with a couple who was going to be traveling to the town I live in. They were both bi and she was dominant. It was exactly what I was looking for. 

We all met at a local seedy bar and as soon as I sat in the corner booth with Maria and her hubby Joe and the 2 bi guys(Jeff & Ben) that they had met up with earlier in the day. Maria said to me "Slut, get under the table and suck Joe's cock. I was shocked but did as told because I love being told what to do. I pulled his cock out of his shorts and sucked his 8" cock. I heard a waitress come by and I hoped she couldn't see me. Then I heard Maria say you better bring a drink for our slutty slave boy who is under the table. I was pushed off Jeff's cock and told to suck each of the other 2 guys. First was Jeff who was about my size (7") and I could deep throat him and then next was Ben who was 6" or so. Maria then ordered me out and it turned out as I was climbing out the waitress was bringing the drinks. The waitress had a smirk on her face and I had a huge hard on in my shorts. I tried to sit down and when I couldn't do that I tried to cover it but Maria ordered me to stand there. I was so embarrassed but very turned on. I finally was allowed to sit down and have my drink but Maria told me to rub myself enough to keep it hard.

We left there to go to their hotel suite in a local big hotel. While in the cab with Maria and Joe for the short ride, she told me to continue to stroke myself and we walked into hotel with my hard cock poking at the front of my shorts. I heard gasps and saw people pointing and all that made me blush but also harder.

We finally got to their room and I was ordered to undress and get them all drinks. I did as I was told. I was so turned on my cock was staying rock hard and dripping pre cum. Then I was slutty slave boy again as they all got undressed. They tied me to the bed, put on a blindfold and Joe straddled my face. I licked his balls and ass and then sucked him hard. He climbed off of me and he started to fuck Maria right next me and then Jeff puts on a condom and lubes my ass. I feel his cock press against me and slowly enters. Once in he starts fucking me hard while Ben climbs up and presses his ass in my face. I lick his shaved ass while Jeff keeps fucking me. I hear Maria moaning and she yells for Ben to get off of my face. Then Joe climbs up and shoots his cum into my mouth and on face and hair.

Between Jeff fucking me and the cum in my face I am close to cumming and no one is even touching my cock. I am sucking Joe's cock back to life and he climbs off as Jeff announces he is going to cum. Jeff pulls out and climbs onto my chest and shoots his cum on my face, mouth and hair. Joe's 8" thick cock is stretching me out and it is one of the biggest things I have ever had in my ass. I feel full but I love it when he starts to pound me. I feel Maria roll a condom on my cock while I suck all the cum out of Jeff's cock. Amazingly he stayed hard after cumming. I thought Maria was going to fuck me but instead she starts smacking my hard cock and balls with her palm. It is enough with the fucking and sucking I am doing to cause me to shoot into the condom. I feel her peel off the condom and then she pours my cum over my mouth and face while I continue to suck Joe's hard cock. Jeff pulls out of my ass and moves up to cum on my face while Joe moves down to fuck my ass again.

I feel like such a slut but my cock that just came is already hard again. After Jeff cums on my face, Joe pulls out to fuck Maria right next to me and Ben who was fucking Maria cums over to fuck my ass. Of course his cock is much smaller but it seems to hit my prostate better and man does it feel good. Both He and Jeff come up to face at the same time and cum more on face mouth and hair. I feel like there are gallons of cum drying on my face. 

There is a knock at the door and they let in a room service guy. He is shocked when he sees us all naked and sees me tied up and covered in cum. Maria then asks if she could suck him and then make him cum on her slaves face. He agrees and she sucks him and then strokes him until he shoots on my sticky face.

They all take a shower and then they untie me and give me my clothes. I am not allowed to clean up except what isn't dry I can eat off my face.  Partially dried and cold cum doesn't taste as good but I want to get as much off as I can. I get dressed and follow them downstairs to a cab. I feel like everyone is looking at me but I am pretty sure it would be hard to tell what is on my face. I do know that smell of cum and my hair has dried clumps of cum.

We get in a cab and we go to an Adult bookstore recommended by the cab driver. We go into the theater and there are about 10 guys in there. They all get excited seeing a woman but she tells them she will jack them off but only if they agree to cum on my face. 8 guys agree and in about 15 minutes I have 8 guys cum on my face. As you can imagine, I have cum running off my face and onto my clothes.

We then left and I got dropped off back at my car covered in cum. I really enjoyed my slutty, submissive night.