 It was a warm spring day, on a Saturday afternoon, and Danny was bored and horny. He'd been looking at gay porn and edging his cock all morning, working his cock up hard until the head was leaking and his balls got tight, only to let himself grow soft again, over and over. Being in his mid-twenties, he was always horny.

And even though he considered himself bisexual and had plenty of girlfriends, he found himself more often than not, fantasizing about muscular top-men who would take control and force their cocks down his throat and up his tight bubble-butt, pinning him against the wall or bending him over a log, at the local reservation. He especially enjoyed having sex outdoors and consequently spent a lot of his free time these days, cruising for cocks to service, in local public parks and parking lots around the local lake.

When he got into these moods, he usually wore a pair of old denim cut-offs, which were skin-tight and getting progressively shorter and shorter, the longer he owned them. And by now, he had gotten very bold one day, and trimmed the legs all the way to the seams in front, and all the way up to the pockets in the back. They were, to say the least, obscene.

Now, when he wore them and walked down the streets of downtown, his balls would fall out on one side and his cock would flop out on the other, as the legs of the shorts had been trimmed up past the top of his muscular, lean, tanned, thighs. He enjoyed exposing himself this way, causing people to gasp in jaw-dropping dismay, as he sashayed past them on the sidewalk. 

And then as they turned to watch him walk away, they would be viewing almost his entire ass, both firm, round cheeks prominently displayed, as his shorts seemed to disappear into the crack of his faggot ass. 

He loved the attention...especially from the men. 

On this day, he decided to wear his queer "Daisy Dukes" into downtown Boston, near the shopping district to an area known as the "Combat Zone". 

The sun was warm and people were ready to get outside again after another long New England Winter and the streets were bustling with shoppers from the hospital and business districts nearby, to an area known as,"Downtown Crossing", which was filled with all types of retail stores. 

The Combat Zone is where many of the adult stores, glory-hole clubs, strip-joints and adult theaters were located. It was controlled by gangsters and people would get shot or stabbed there all the time, either over a bad drug deal or a prostitute who didn't get paid. Gangs wandered through as well.

Danny had decided he wanted to go to his favorite adult theater. It was actually an old opera theater, so there was a real stage, where the screen was located. There were also hallways and balconies on the upper-level and a very old, dark and stinky bathroom in the basement.

Besides his slutty shorts, he also wore some sneakers and white sweat-socks, and a white tee-shirt, known as a "wife beater", which is a sleeveless cotton undershirt, with very open sleeves, which allowed his very large, feminine nipples to not only be visible through the thin material, but sometimes would expose them altogether. And his nipples were always hard.

He was 23 years old at the time, going to college just a few subway stops from this place. As a kid he would go there to watch the prostitutes, shaking barely covered asses in the street, looking for "Johns", and the cops just looked the other way. Even as a teenager, he envied the boldness of the hookers outfits and longed to know what it felt like to dress like a slut and offer his body to men for sex.

And there he was, right in the middle of it all, walking down the street, half-naked and looking for trouble...and finding plenty of it, too.

Most of the people you'd see in the Zone, were perverts looking to get off, in one way or another, just like him, but there were also families and couples passing through to the shopping district only blocks away. 

And lots of people took notice of a very tall (6'3" tall) young man with flowing hair, a muscular build, with his cock, balls and ass hanging out of his sleazily designed shorts. The look of shock on some people's faces made him feel very slutty, but also very, very excited.

He'd taken his sweet time cruising the streets before finally arriving at the ticket-booth of the theater. The attendant, who was a woman that appeared to be somewhere near his own Grandmother's age, looked through the window at him, with a semi-disgusted look on her face, as if she'd never seen anything so depraved, her steely grey eyes running slowly up and down over every detail of his little outfit.

He could feel her eyes burning a hole into his swaying ass, as he walked away from her, up the ramp to heavy glass doors of the lobby. Oh yeah...and several men had followed him in from the street, too.

Once Danny got inside, the contrast between the bright sunshine outside and the extremely darkened theater, it would usually take at least five minutes before his eyes could adjust so he could see. He decided to stand at the back of the theater until his eyes were able to readjust.

As he made his way slowly along the back wall, he heard several men make hissing sounds, others made comments and one even grabbed his ass and tried to slip a finger into his crack. And while he always enjoyed being groped by men, he slapped the hand away and continued along the wall.

After his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he began to look for a seat in the theater. He wanted to find a place that was off the main aisle but still accessible to traffic. Danny finally chose a seat in a dark-corner of the theater, on a secondary aisle. He sat in the second seat, which was directly behind a row which had two seats missing in-front of where he was seated. This was his favorite place to sit, as would make for easy access to his spread-open thighs, when the time was right. 

Anyone who sat in this area was definitely looking to play, as it was in a very dark corner, near the stage. The people who had never been there before probably would not wander into this area, and would usually choose a seat much closer to the entrance, at the back of the theater closer to the Exit. 

Shortly after he sat down, a black guy who loved to suck Danny's cock and had done so on many previous occasions, sat down between his open thighs on the floor, and began to suck his cock. He loved to slowly nurse on a cock, like a baby with a bottle. This was just what Danny needed...a nice, long, slow, wet, blowjob. He decided to pull his shorts off and let them dangle on one ankle, splaying his legs open, his right leg over the armrest of the empty chair next to him. 

As Danny's head fell backwards, closing his eyes in pleasure, he pulled on his nipples, which even his girlfriends commented on as being "bigger than mine", were extremely sensitive and made him very horny if anyone played with them. 

He was in a state of extreme horniness, as now a second guy, a very young, Spanish dude, knelt on the floor next to the Black guy sucking his cock, and began to lick his exposed asshole. He was unable to control himself, as his back arched like a cat and he moaned out loud with a lust filled voice. His legs were splayed wide open as both guys knelt in-front of him and ate him out, all of them enjoying and fulfilling their own, private, perverted fantasies. 

By now a small crowd had gathered around them. They were like sharks in the water, smelling the blood of some little faggot, who is about to get gang-banged in the theater that day. They slowly moved in closer, some in the row behind him, looking over his shoulders. Others moved in beside him. Several of them had their cocks out and were jerking-off while they watched.

One of the voyeurs, an older guy, much older at than Danny at the time, sat in the chair behind him, reached around his neck with large, powerful hands attached to muscular forearms, to clamp onto his very swollen nipples. His arms were huge, strong and hairy and so were his hands, which were thick, well-worn and powerful. And he really worked them over...stretching, crushing, pulling and twisting Danny's helplessly thick, sensitive nipples. Danny again moaned out loud, as the man continued to crush and stretch his nipples as far away from his chest as he could. 

All Danny could do was hold onto his big, strong, hairy forearms and moan like a slut in heat. And that's exactly what he was...a slut in heat!

Now a fourth guy stood next to him and began to cock-whip the side of his face, wiping his juices all over Danny's face. It was too dark for Danny to see what the guy looked like, and all he could see was that big cock and those fat balls, as he flogged Danny's face. His fat, uncut dick-head was leaking semen and he rubbed it all over the side of Danny's face as he slowly edged himself to orgasm.

Danny now noticed that there was a young couple sitting on the opposite side of the aisle, on the same row. Heterosexual couples would sometimes come to the theater, usually to experience the scene and see if all the stories they'd heard about this place were true. Most of them would just watch and keep to themselves, the wife or girlfriend giving her man a blowjob, before exiting the theater. 

Others were swinger-types looking for anonymous partners for various lurid fantasies, ranging in activities from simple exhibitionism, the woman dressed like a proverbial slut, sucking her boyfriend's cock while the regulars watched, or even groped the woman, or the woman sucking strangers cocks while the boyfriend watched, or a woman wanting to experience getting fucked in-front of her man by a big, black cock, to full-blown gangbangs. 

Danny had witnessed many scenarios being played out in this theater. 

This couple seemed to be a little skittish and probably has never been there before, as the male had his head on a swivel, always looking around to see if anyone were getting too close for comfort, while his girlfriend's head bobbed-up-and-down in his lap, her jaws stretched wide, as she sucked his cock.

It seemed that he was supposed to be watching the movies on the screen, but instead, his eyes were glued to Danny and the perverts who had now surrounded him, as he was sucked, groped, eaten and cock-whipped, his legs splayed open wide, practically naked now, jerking on various men's hard cocks, sucking others and moaning loudly, like a true slut in-heat.

She would be doing her thing, carried away and wanting to please him and looking up to get his approval. When she saw that he was actually watching Danny being used and molested by a crowd of perverted men, all wanting a piece of the action and getting it. 

Danny could see the confusion on her face that her man would have any interest in watching the lurid, homosexual scene taking place only a few feet away, and desperate to take his attention back on her. She'd redoubled her efforts, no longer worried about who might be seeing her, or caring what she was doing and where she was doing it; in a sleazy adult theater in The Combat Zone.

Just at that moment, a Black man with his huge hard-on hanging out of his pants, decided to get involved. He'd obviously been watching the action and he stopped at the row in-front of Danny and shook his fat cock lewdly in-front of Danny's mouth and finally, stepped forward to shove his hard-on down Danny's throat! 

Danny was now moaning and groaning, completely unable to control his lustful noises, gurgling on hard cock which was choking his throat, and grinding hips in desperate need to cum down his cocksucker's throat, squeezing his asshole on that hot, wet tongue now buried up his ass and holding onto those hairy forearms belonging to the older guy, who'd only stepped up his efforts to seemingly want to rip Danny's huge nipples right off his chest.

The guy standing behind him, who'd been cock-whipping his face, finally popped his load all over the side of Danny's face. His fat, hairy balls spewed copious amounts of thick, ropey jets of hot sperm all over Danny's face, one spurt after another, until the little faggot's face was expertly and almost completely covered on one side. 

While that was happening, Danny felt the tongue removed from his now sloppy, wet asshole and replaced with a hard cock, which had been shoved in completely and to the hilt, on one stroke. 

Danny had no idea if the young Spanish guy had decided to fuck him now, or if it was some other anonymous stranger who'd been patiently standing by and waiting for an opportunity to get in on this lurid scene, but he didn't care either.

All Danny knew was that this cock was long and thick and the man using his sloppy fuck-hole, knew exactly what he was doing. After shoving his cock in all the way to his balls, he'd held it there, grinding on Danny's prostate, before pulling almost completely out of Danny's asshole, only to shove it all the way back in, pumping harder and faster on every thrust of his hips. 

Upon the initial penetration, Danny had partly moaned and gurgled on that fat, Black cock down his hungry throat, as his asshole was being raped and stretched and filled with hard cock.

When the gathered crowd saw and heard what was now happening, the excitement and activity, reached a new level of lewdness. And like sharks in the water, they now all wanted a piece of the faggot-slut, who was almost completely naked. 

Danny's "Gaisy Dukes" and wife-beater tee-shirt having been removed long ago, and discarded onto the disgusting floor of the theater, he was splayed out like a whore, legs wide and draped over both arms of his seat, one guy still sucking his cock, the older guy sitting behind him now crushing and twisting and stretching Danny's swollen and painfully sore nipples, while he stroked numerous hard cocks with his hands, sucking that Black cock, and getting his horny asshole drilled harder and faster each minute.

Many of the men surrounding him had gotten quite verbal, making comments and encouraging the slut to "Suck that cock, bitch! Yeah, take some dick up your ass! You know you want it. Take that cock, take it! Fuck this bitch good!" 

Two of the men in the crowd had taken ahold of his ankles to keep them spread open. More men took their turns having Danny stroke their cocks until they came, while others wanted to take a turn fucking his face or his now gaping and sloppy asshole.

Danny had now lost all control. He felt like nothing more than a piece of faggot fuckmeat, being used by a bunch of nameless, faceless homosexual perverts, for the sole purpose of getting their rocks off, before going home to their unsuspecting wives. 

As he was being righteously fucked, Danny could feel the rumblings of his own orgasm rising up in his guts and he uncontrollable began shooting his own load down that hungry throat, which had been slowly nursing on him this entire time.

Danny gurgled on the hard cock down his throat, grabbed onto those hairy, muscular forearms as though he were hanging on for dear life, like people do when riding a roller-coaster at the amusement park. 

He was moaning and groaning and shaking uncontrollably, as this extremely intense, seemingly Earth-shattering orgasm, ripped through his guts in mind-numbing fashion.

As this was taking place, that fat Black cock which had been skull-fucking him, began to blow his own load right down Danny's throat. Danny had managed to swallow most of that initial blast of sperm, but choked on the second, third and fourth eruptions from this "cum volcano". 

And even while he struggled to swallow and breath, the Black man had no remorse and simply continued emptying his balls into the faggot and talking shit the entire time. "Yeah faggot, swallow my cum, you fucking slut! Drink it boy, take it all! Stop choking bitch and swallow it!" 

The crowd around him erupted. All of them making lewd and humiliating comments. Some laughing, some jerking their own cocks, some pushing their way into the pile, wanting to leave their mark 

on the young queer...and many of them did just that.

When Danny had tasted that first jet of hot, sperm enter his mouth, he began to cum again. It had a domino effect, setting-off a chain-reaction of cocks shooting sperm everywhere! The guy pumping Danny's asshole finally pulled out and shot his cumm all over Danny's limp little cock and all over his stomach. Another hard cock took it's place and began fucking him.

The men he'd been jerking off each both came, as well and two more took their places and demanded Danny service then, also. He was completely lost in the moment and it all began to feel like a movie playing in slow-motion, totally surreal and dream-like, as one man after another took their places and their turns, on Danny's ravaged body.

There was seemingly nothing Danny could do to stop it. And truth be told, he didn't want too. At one point, he'd looked across the aisle to see the guy shooting his own load down his girlfriend's throat, his eyes glued to me. 

His girlfriend had seemingly accepted the real possibility that her man was wishing he could be in Danny's place or at the very least, had the desire to use the faggot, cockslut, just like all the others were doing. And maybe, just maybe, she wished she were in Danny's place.

As the couple began to gather themselves to leave and slowly made their way past the crowd of men behaving like dogs in heat, the woman caught Danny's eyes directly for the first time.

By then, several groups of men and had come and gone and now there was another guy fucking Danny's now well-worn asshole and another guy had straddled Danny's chest, a knee on each arm of the chair and was alternately fucking Danny's face and pulling out to cock-whip him. 

Another young boy was sucking Danny's cock and two more men were getting handjobs by Danny. 

And just as the woman made eye-contact, the man straddling Danny's chest decided to shoot his load, down Danny's throat and then pulling out to dump more sperm on Danny's face. 

The timing was luridly perfect; eyes locked on each other, Danny realizing that she was the first woman to witness his secret desire to be used sexually, by other men. 

Of course, he'd been caught sucking cock in public before, and a number of times by either unsuspecting couples who had stumbled upon him while strolling in the public gardens or passing by a parked car in which he was bobbing his head on some guys cock, in the front seat.

But never like this, up close and personal and eye-to-eye. 

As the couple walked up the aisle towards the exit, she couldn't help but wonder how much longer that guy could go on like that? They had watched him for over an hour, now. And it didn't seem like it was going to end any time soon, as one group got their jollies and drifted away, another gathered around for their turns. 

As Danny lay there, he also wondered how long it would go on, but he didn't care. He was lost in the moment as one faceless stranger after another took their places, hard cocks ready to be serviced.