 Longtime reader, this is my 1st literary submission. It is mostly a true story.

*****

In my 30s I reconnected w/ an old high school chum on a whole other level. We had been friends on and off over the years, but I never let most people (esp the crowd i went to school with) know that I was bi. Well, an in the closet bisexual cocksucker to be exact. So this is the story of how I reconnected w/ my old friend Charley.

It was the just after "y2k", in the modern millennium , we were both in our 30s, and we were both on aol chat late one night when he sent me some porn links. Just normal porn pics, but it started us trading pic links back and forth. He was into cumshots as was I, as well as a variety that was new to me at the time- bukkake. I sent him interracial "blacks on blondes" and gangbang pics, and he even shared that he liked shemale porn. I'm not sure if he was feeling me out, or if I was feeling him out. At the time he had no idea that I was anything but straight, or that I had ever sucked a cock before. I knew my old pal Charley was going through a rough spell in his marriage and wasn't getting much (if any) satisfaction at home, and was furiously masturbating most nights when we chatted and exchanged links. 

This went on for a month or two, when we were all out at a party together. His wife wanted to leave at 10ish to take care of the kids and he wanted to stay. She did not look happy (she rarely was) and was especially not happy that he stayed to have a few drinks. I told her that i would get him home safe, so she left. I nursed my one beer awhile and he had a few more. As the party died down around midnight i drove him home. 

In the car I asked him if he liked all the links that I had sent, and he told me he did. I asked if he especially enjoyed the one of a slow blowjob to completion and he said he masturbated to it and came so hard. He told me he was getting hard right now just thinking about it. I asked if he was going to go home and masturbate and he said yes, that he was buzzed and extremely horny. I took a chance and told him that I could help him out with it if he wanted. He said yes, but where? in the car? I reached over and felt his pants for the first time. He did not stop me as i felt the hardness and size of his cock.

As we approached his house, the lights were off, his wife was likely asleep. I pulled over and w/ the streetlights shining brightly into my car, i suggested we go to his garage. He said it was locked, but the shed wasn't. We snuck around back and slipped into his shed. He leaned back onto the seat of his lawn tractor as I dropped to my knees. I fumbled w/ his belt and zipper, with all the excitement of opening a Christmas package, and what a "package" it was indeed! His hard cock was tenting in his briefs. I licked my lips and peeled down the waistband and his cock sprung forth slapping my face. I took his member in both hands and licked the head. His cock was glorious! (To date it is the biggest that I have ever personally enjoyed: 9.5 inches and just magnificent)

With just a crack of light peeking into the shed and the sound and headlights of cars on an adjacent highway, I went to work sucking on his cockhead while stroking his shaft with both hands. This was not the first cock I had ever sucked, but it had been years since i had, and Charley's was definitely the largest i had ever sucked. I was in heaven on my knees servicing my friend. Although he was big, he just sat back and enjoyed my mouth, he was never forceful or tried to gag me. I relaxed and tried, but I could only suck down about half his cock, as I stroked the rest. I slowly slurped up and down his cock, my tongue darting around the tender underside of his cockhead, all the while stroking his cock slowly and massaging his balls. 

After several more minutes of this he tensed up and groaned and warned me that he was cumming. I kept my mouth on his prize, slowed down and stopped the tonguing, and he groaned again and filled my mouth w/ his hot stickey load. I coughed a little, and backed off his cock long enough to spit it on the floor of his shed, then went back to slowly sucking on his deflating cock. I kept this up for another few minutes marveling that I could now get his whole cock in my mouth, as he was softening. His soft, spent cock looked as big as my cock when it was almost fully hard! (which it was now!) I licked his cock clean and tucked it back into his briefs, then helped him w/ his pants and left. 

On my ride home I savoured his taste in my mouth as I masturbated while driving. When I got home and checked the computer for messages, he said "thanks" and that he would be on tomorrow night.

Since that first encounter, I have helped out my friend Charley for several years now, through 2 divorces and some fun swinging times.