 For the last two months, I have been visiting a physiotherapist for treatment on a frozen shoulder. His work has been really good, and he has taken care of the frozen part, but I am still in pain in my biceps as referred pain from my shoulder.

My physiotherapist is 28 years old, French with good English-speaking skills, humorous, sports-minded, good looking, and fun to be with. I am 65 and our personalities are similar. His office is only about five minutes away from my house, making it very convenient for my visits.

On Monday, Rene was treating my shoulder with heat, cold, a tens unit and accupuncture. I was lying on my back with the tens unit pulsating rapidly on my shoulder. Because there was a vent overhead and was blowing cool air on my, I had a large towel (like a beach towel) over me. Rene was outside in the main area and I had my eyes closed and was so relaxed that I almost fell asleep despite the pulsations. The room I was in was the last one at the end of the larger room and a bit isolated from everything else so it had quite a bit of privacy. The door was facing the larger room and had a curtain on it so that he/we could see out, but most people could not see very much unless they were able to view through the sides of the curtain.

Rene came back into the room; and as usual, closed the curtain. He asked me how I was doing with the tens unit and checked the time remaining. I had about seven minutes left, so he just stood beside me and chatted. However, as he did,he had put his hand under the towel and was massaging my bicep as we talked. After a bit, I felt his other hand on my stomach but I didn't think anything of it. His hand so gently ran across my stomach and he was sort of kneeding it (like a cat's claws). It actually felt pretty good.

"Your stomach is pretty firm for a guy your age. You must work out quite a bit. Do you like to have it massaged like this?" he asked.

"Yeah, I like it. It feels good and relaxing. I've never had a massage in my life, but if it all feels like this, I might have to try it out." I told him.

Rene kept sliding his hand across my stomach, then I felt it go a bit lower to my belt area, then his baby finger had gone just under my belt and back up again. It was obvious that he was testing to see how far he could go and quite honestly, I didn't care how far he went. I liked it. AS a matter of fact, if he had slipped his whole hand down and grasped my cock, it would have been more than okay with me. I thought at one time that he would do it because he often glanced at my crotch.

The bell signalled the end of the pulsating time, and he moved up toward my shoulder and disconnected the pads. As he did, his crotch was only about three inches from my face and the massaging of my stomach must have affected him because I could see the trace of a slight hard-on outlined in his pants. Had I known him better, I think I would have reached out and caressed it. As he was wiping the lubrication off my shoulders and biceps, he tugged on my other shoulder and pulled me even closer to him. His cock was sooo close to my face but it wasn't doing me much good.

He pulled the towel all the way down from my shoulders until it was just near my belly button. He took some of the lube he was using on the tens pads and put it on my shoulder and bicep and began massaging me again. I just laid back, closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling; but when his hand moved to my chest and around my nipples, I got a different feeling--so much so that I knew my nipples were getting hard.

"Hmmmm, I think someone like this. Is it okay?" he asked.

"Fuck, yeah, I like it. Who wouldn't? Don't be offended by this, Rene, but are you gay?" I asked him.

"No, but there are some things I like besides hot pussy. How about you?"

"No. I love women. I love sucking pussy. I love fucking girls, but there is something so sensual about men playing with each other." I said.

"I know what you mean. My girlfriend and I have a lot of sex sessions, but I have occasion to fool around with my suck-buddy when we're alone or out of town for work."

I told him that I had a suck buddy when I was in college but haven't had a cock-sucking experience since then although I was eager for one at this point. Then, he opened a door for me.

"You told me a while ago that you never had a massage before. How would you like to have one free of charge? If it's possible, I'd go to your place and do it. I have a portable system that I use for home and office treatments and I can bring it with me." he offered.

"That sounds like a good deal, Rene, but you're a physiotherapist, not a massage therapist, aren't you?"

"Yes, but I am also trained in massage therapy. Here, they charge $60 an hour for one, but I'd do it for you for free if you want me to." 

"OK, that would be fun, but today's not a good day; but on Thursday morning my wife is going away until Sunday night. Maybe we could do something Thursday or Friday at my place. We can confirm this when I come in for my Wednesday session."

"By the way," he said, could we change your time to 6:30 instead of this time. I have to go to the hospital and help their resident physio with a backlog of patients. I get double pay for it, so I'd like to do it. I said okay, then we finished my session. When I returned on Wednesday evening, Rene and Carole Ann were the only ones working. I noticed that Rene had on a pair of nylon sports pants and a t-shirt instead of his usual jeans and shirt.

We went to the usual room, and I sat on the bed/table as he suggested and he asked me about my shoulder and arm. I gave him an update and he began to work on it. After about 15 minutes, Carole Ann came in to tell him that she was leaving and would lock up.

"Take off your shirt and I'll hook you up to the tens unit." so I did. He turned on the machine at a very low pulse and stood beside me. We talked about olympic events most of the time; and as we did, his hand went to my chest and he caressed it gently, moving up and down my body. Finally, he went where he wanted to--and where I wanted him to--right down inside my belt. I sucked in my stomach making it easy for him to get to my cock.

"Oh fuck, I like that Rene. Stroke my cock for me. Play with me. It feels so fucking good." with that encouragement, he unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants and took my cock out of my shorts. He stroked me so gently and with long strokes that I thought I was going to cum in his hand.

"Don't make me cum just yet, Rene. I want to enjoy this for a while." I told him. He said he wouldn't and just kept stroking my cock. I loved it--just loved it.

After a bit, the tens unit bell rang, and Rene undid all the pads, cleaned off the lubricant and told me to lie on my side. I rolled over on my good side and he came around to the side of the bed/table and massaged my arm and shoulder. So, here I was facing his crotch again, just like on Monday, but this time it was a bit different. Remember I said that he had on sports/gym pants that night? Well, that made it quite easy for him and for me in the long run.

Standing beside me with his crotch at my face, he untied the strings in his pants and whipped out his cock and moved up to my face. This was the first time I had seen a man's cock (live) since I was in college, and it looked good. He didn't say anything but just put his cock right on my lips. I stuck out my tongue and licked the end of it. A salty, but good, taste joined with the smell of his sex, so I reached out, took hold of his cock, opened my mouth and moved my head forward so I could suck as much as I could.

"Oh, that feels so good. Suck my cock. Take it all in. You're a good cocksucker for someone who hasn't done this for as long as you say you haven't. Let me fuck your mouth, Cocksucker." and with that, he held my head and created a nice face-fucking rhythm. I loved every bit of it, and when he reached down and held my cock as he fucked my mouth, I didn't want any of it to end.

"You like sucking dick, my little cocksucker? Do you like having your mouth fucked? Suck me, suck me, suck my cock. Let me cum,then I'll suck you off. Do you want me to cum in your mouth or on your face?" I pointed to my face, then pushed him back just a bit. With my two hands, I pulled his pants down and reached around and held his ass and helped him pump my face.

I normally do not get turned on by a man's ass, but I couldn't help but play with it, running my fingers up and down his slit until I let one finger enter his anus just a little bit. "Oh, you fucker. You're so good. Fuck my hole with your finger, you fantastic cocksucker. I'm ready to cum."

I pushed him back so I could take his cock out of my mouth. "Jerk off the rest of the way for me, Rene. I want to see your cum spurting all over me." I held his balls while he stroked in front of my face, then I fet the hot cum hit my face and I thought it wasn't going to stop. I took control of his cock and squeezed out the rest and rubbed his cock all over my face.

"That's so fucking good,Rene. I loved sucking you off and tasting your cum. I hope we can be suck-buddies for a long while." I told him.

He said, "Yeah, me too. You're a good cocksucker and you can suck me off anytime you want to. Right now, though, I want to return the favor." and with that, he went down to the foot of the table, slid my pants down and started sucking. He immediately deep-throated me, and dragged his mouth up and down my cock, tensing his lips on it as he pulled his mouth up. His hand was cupping my balls as he sucked me; and judging by his moaning, he was enjoying this as much as I was.

Without missing a beat, he reached behind him and grabbed the tub of lubricant from the table; and although I couldn't see him do it, he stuck his fingers in the tub. All of a sudden, I felt his index finger enter my hole and I just about jumped off the table.

"Yes, that's it. Finger-fuck my ass. Suck me hard. I'm ready to cum." I told him.

I came, and I came hard. Suck me, Rene. Suck my cock, Eat my cum. Fuck my ass with your finger." He didn't stop sucking me until there was nothing left to come out.

We stopped what we were doing and got dressed. I told him that that was the best session I've had for more than twenty years and that I was looking forward to more of it.

"Can we make it on Friday night, Rene?" I asked him. He assured me that we could, so I'm really looking forward to more of this. Maybe I'm going to have to find another suck-buddy in the Ottawa area, but I'm not about to give up pussy anytime soon. Maybe I can write again to tell you more about my escapades with Rene.