 I parked my car in the lot and sat staring out into the dark park. I started thinking about what I planned to do and considered leaving.

During high school, I never seemed to fit in. I dated a few girls, but the dates never developed into a relationship. One of the girls kissed me goodnight, but it was the extent of my contact.

I never participated in sports or any of the other activities while in school. I wasn't overly shy but wasn't outgoing either. I had a few friends, but they all went off to college or into the service after graduating. I went to work for my father's networking company and began learning about the business.

While the work was challenging and fulfilling, I felt my life lacked something. I wanted to meet someone and enjoy the things other people did. Over the past few months, I began questioning my sexuality. When I looked at porn on the internet I divided my time between heterosexual and homosexual sites, finding both intriguing.

The videos and pictures served as a stimulus for my masturbation. Images of men with women, women with women, and men with men, engaged in sexual acts excited me equally. I never felt guilty watching any of the explicit acts. At first, seeing men engaged with other men unnerved me, but the feeling soon gave way to stimulation.

I read about the park in a news article and learned it was known as an area where same-sex couples could go without too much trouble. Ferndale was also known for its liberal attitude. Small bars, coffee shops, art galleries, and boutiques lined Main Street. Same-sex couples walked hand in hand, showing their affection for one another. There were as many, if not more, heterosexual couples as there were same-sex couples.

I lived with my parents and my younger sister in a suburb about ten miles from the area. Our home was in one of the better northern suburbs. My dad's business was very successful and our large five bedroom home on a small lake was the fruit of his efforts. Like me, my sister went to work for Dad's business when she graduated in the spring. Mom worked with him since he started the company.

Before heading to the park I ate in one of the trendy bistros. I observed the other patrons, wondering if anyone noticed me, or cared. I watched the interaction between the people, realizing nothing I saw put me off.

I spent many nights thinking about this day, the day I would come to the park to see if what I read was true. I was nervous because I had no idea what I was doing or what I wanted except for sexual contact with someone other than myself.

Reaching under the seat, I pulled out a half pint of whiskey. Keeping the bottle in the bag, I removed the cap and took a mouthful of the amber liquid. The whiskey burned as it rushed down my throat to my stomach. I didn't want to get drunk but felt a little liquid courage wouldn't hurt.

I took another drink, screwed the cap on the bottle, and slid it back into its hiding place. Taking a deep breath I opened the car door and got out into the warm evening air. After closing the door I walked to the front of the car and leaned against the hood. I scanned the surroundings trying to see if anyone else was in the park.

After about a half hour I stood up and took a few steps toward the path. I paused and almost turned back, thinking I wasn't ready to venture any further. Moving slowly away from the car I walked along the blacktop path and into the park. I saw several picnic tables and headed toward one. Sitting on the top of the table with my feet on the seat, I kept my head moving from side to side. I fidgeted while rethinking the idea of coming to the park in the first place. I sat on the table for what seemed like an eternity but was actually only twenty minutes or so. Deciding what I'd read was inaccurate, I got up to leave.

"Hi," a voice said from behind me.

I paused, wondering if I should turn around or run to the car. I slowly turned around. A dark figure came out of the shadows and moved toward me. I began to shake and felt running would be my best course of action. Before I could take off the dark figure came into the light.

"Is that you, Vince?" a familiar voice said.

Squinting, I recognized Dave, a guy I went to school with. Dave came up to me and extended his hand. I felt my mouth go dry as I shook hands.

I knew Dave from school but didn't hang around with him. Dave was one of the nerds and, like me, kept to himself. I released Dave's hand, cleared my throat, and said, "Hi, Dave."

Chuckling, Dave said, "What are you doing here?"

I shrugged my shoulders and looked at the ground.

"Is this your first time here?" Dave said.

"Yeah," I replied.

"It's my first time too. This is uncomfortable, isn't it?" Dave started moving toward the table and I followed him.

"I think it's a bit weird," I said.

"No kidding. So, have you ever been with another guy?" Dave said. Before I could answer, Dave went on. "I haven't been with a guy or a girl. Girls scare the crap out of me so I thought I'd check this out."

"Girls don't scare me, but they don't seem to like me either," I said.

"I guess most of your friends left for school too. I didn't have many friends and the few I hung around with aren't around or are too busy."

"Yeah, it's same here. I didn't have many friends either."

"Do you want to go get some coffee or something?" Dave said.

"Coffee sounds great," I replied, feeling relieved Dave wasn't going to hit on me. "Do you have a car here?"

"I'm parked across the park. We can meet someone where."

"I'll give you a ride if you want. I'm parked over there," I said as I pointed.

Dave and I headed toward the parking lot. We got into the car and Dave asked if I wanted to go to the coffee shop and then bring him back to his car. I nodded and followed Dave's directions to one of the coffee shops on Main Street.

"You seem to know your way around here," I said.

Dave laughed and said, "I've been here several times."

"I thought you said it was your first time."

"It's my first time in the park. I've been downtown a few times. I like people watching."

I parked my car where Dave told me to. We went into the small shop, ordered coffee, and sat at a table. For the next hour, Dave and I talked about school and our lives since we graduated two years ago. I learned Dave worked for a construction company and was learning to be an estimator. When I told Dave I worked for my father, Dave chuckled.

"I work for my dad and uncle. They own the company," Dave said.

Dave and I finished our coffee and got up to leave. We went to my car, got in, and headed back to the park. Dave told me where he parked while I drove.

After pulling into the spot next to Dave's car, I shut the car off. I reached under the seat and offered Dave the bottle. Dave took a drink and gave the bottle to me.

"I hoped to find someone who wanted to fool around with me tonight. Playing with my own dick is getting old," Dave said.

I nodded while thinking about Dave's statement. Like Dave, I hoped to meet someone to satisfy my curiosity. While I looked out the window and tried to decide what to say, I felt Dave's hand on my leg.

I turned my head and my eyes met Dave's. As we sat staring, Dave began moving his hand. He rubbed the top of my leg for a moment and then moved his hand to my inner thigh. Dave moved his hand closer to my crotch and I parted my legs.

"Do you want to go somewhere a little more private?" Dave said. "Or do you want me to stop?"

"Where can we go?" I replied.

Dave moved his hand to my genitals and rubbed my crotch. I let out a muffled moan as Dave flexed his fingers.

"Follow me if you want, Vince. I'll understand if you don't want to," Dave said.

Dave gave my crotch a firm squeeze and removed his hand. He reached for the door, smiled, and got out.

I watched Dave get into his car as I adjusted my growing cock. While it was unexpected, Dave's fondling excited me. When Dave began backing out of the space, I started the car. I backed out and pulled behind Dave, following him out of the parking lot.

As I drove behind Dave, I tried to decide if I was ready for what may come. I wondered if Dave wanted to play with me or maybe more. I also wondered if Dave would expect the same thing in return and if I could go through with it, whatever it was.

Dave drove to an office building, parked his car, and got out. I parked, got out, and walked over to where Dave stood waiting. I leaned against his car, thinking that what I was about to do might be a mistake.

"I'm glad you decided to follow me," Dave said. "Are you as nervous as I am?"

Chuckling, I nodded and said, "I don't know how nervous you are, but I'm shaking."

"We don't have to do anything, Vince. We can call it a night and go home."

I moved closer to Dave, put my hand over his crotch and gently rubbed him. "Let's agree if one of us wants to stop we will."

"Come on, this my dad's building," Dave said as he nodded.

Dave went to the door, unlocked it, and disarmed the alarm. I followed him into the building, waiting while he locked the door. We went to an office and Dave turned on the lights.

I glanced around, smiling when I saw the couch on the wall across from the desk. Dave put his hand in the middle of my back and guided me to the leather couch. We sat next to each other and remained still.

Dave put one of his hands on the back of my neck and ran his fingers up through my hair. I twisted toward Dave and started rubbing his chest. Neither of us said anything as we became comfortable with what we were doing.

The attention we paid to each other helped me relax. I moved my hand down Dave's chest, resting it on his crotch. While I rubbed him, Dave did the same to me. He started undoing my belt and then unbuttoned my pants. I took a deep breath, realizing if I didn't stop now, I probably wouldn't.

I felt Dave tug at my zipper and then felt his hand go into the opening of my jeans. Dave rubbed my cock, pressing it against my leg. Not wanting Dave to think I wasn't willing, I unfastened his pants. In an unspoken communication, we removed each other's jeans.

Dave removed his tee shirt and I followed. Both of us sat in our underwear as I contemplated my next move. Slowly, we came together in a hug, pressing our near naked bodies together. We both used one hand to rub the other's back and the other hand to fondle each other.

I slid my hand into Dave's briefs, wrapped it around his cock, and stroked him. Dave let out a sigh as his cock hardened in my hand. When Dave tugged at the waistband of my boxer shorts, I lifted my ass from the couch. A moment later we were naked.

Sitting next to each other, Dave and I played with the other's cock. We jacked up and down, while I enjoyed the feeling of someone else's hand on my dick. We twisted, turned, and hugged as I experienced the new sensation.

"This feels amazing," I said.

"No kidding, I never thought it would feel this good. You have a nice cock," Dave said.

"Thanks, so do you."

I moved my hand to Dave's balls and gently rolled them in my palm. Looking down, I watched myself play with another man. My fear seemed to dissolve as I returned my hand to Dave's shaft.

Leaning over, Dave covered the head of my cock with his mouth. He paused for a moment, rubbing his tongue against the glans. I gripped Dave's cock firmer as the feeling of having my cock in a mouth registered. Dave took more of my cock and then bobbed his head.

I felt my orgasm building but didn't want to end the night too soon. I pulled Dave up, smiled, and said, "You're going to make me come."

"That's the idea isn't it," Dave said.

"Yeah, but I don't want to come too soon." I leaned over and took Dave's cock in my mouth.

The feeling of Dave's hard cock between my lips was unlike anything I'd ever felt. His cock was hard and hot, but there was a certain softness too. Mimicking what my friend did I began bobbing my head. I felt Dave's cock gliding over my tongue and against the roof of my mouth. Dave put his hand on the back of my head, guiding me up and down.

Nothing could have prepared me for the exquisite feeling running through my body. I decided I liked sucking Dave's cock as much as I enjoyed having Dave suck mine. I felt the head of Dave's cock bump the opening to my throat and backed off before I gagged. Dave began humping his hips so I removed my mouth.

"This is fucking awesome, Vince. I hope I did as well when I did it to you," Dave said.

"You did great."

Nodding, Dave took my cock into his mouth. He became more aggressive, bobbing his head and making a slurping sound. Dave fondled my balls as he took most of my cock into his mouth.

Once again I felt my climax getting very close. When I tried to pull him up, Dave shook his head no. He renewed his effort, taking me deep. I let out a moan, threw my head back, and came in Dave's mouth. Dave let the semen collect in his mouth as I shot several spurts of cum.

I let my head fall back as I felt my cock stop spurting. After giving my dick a final suck, Dave removed his mouth and swallowed.

Dave lifted his head from my lap, looked into my eyes, and smiled. Before I could say anything, Dave said, "Wow that was great. I hope you liked it."

"I can't tell you how good it felt, Dave." I reached for Dave's cock and fondled him. I smiled and said, "But I can try to show you."

I moved Dave so he stretched out with his back against the armrest of the couch and his legs on the cushions. I knelt between his legs and pumped my hand up and down his shaft. Leaning over I took Dave's cock into my mouth.

Using my tongue, I rubbed the head of Dave's cock. I lowered my head, feeling his cock slide over my tongue and against the roof of my mouth. Dave ran his fingers through my hair as I moved my head lower and took more of his cock into my mouth.

The feeling of having a cock in my mouth was amazing. The many times I'd contemplated performing oral sex on a man paled in comparison to the real thing. I relished the feeling as I slowly moved lower and felt Dave's cock press into the opening of my throat. I managed to suppress my gag reflex and took Dave deeper. When I felt Dave's pubic hair against my nose, I moved my head, rubbing against the curly mat.

I moaned around Dave's cock, moved my hand between his legs, and rubbed his balls against my chin. Dave moved his hands to the sides of my head and moved me up and down.

"I'm going to cum," Dave said.

I nodded, keeping his cock deep in my mouth. When the first spurt of semen painted my tongue I backed off and clamped my lips around the head of his cock just under the flair of the head.

Sitting back on my heels, I swirled Dave's cum around the inside of my mouth with my tongue. I found the taste and texture much like my own when I kicked my hand after jacking off. Dave smiled as he watched me swallow his load.

"So, what do you think about sucking cock?" Dave asked.

I grinned and said, "It is better than I thought it would be. How did you like it?"

Dave shifted on the couch and sat next to me. He put his hand on my cock and gently fondled it.

"I loved having my cock sucked and sucking yours. If you're willing, I'd like to do it again. Vince, I don't know if I'm gay or bisexual, but I assure you I'm not straight. I would like to know what sex with a girl is like, but I don't see it happening anytime soon."

I nodded and said, "I don't see me finding a girl anytime soon either. As far as sucking cock, it was great—giving and receiving. I would like to get together again and do it again."

Dave and I dressed and left the building. Before we took off, we agreed to meet again soon. We exchanged our cell phone numbers, promising to call each other.

When I got home, I grabbed a soda and went to my room. Sitting on my bed, I replayed the evening Dave and I spent together. It was hard for me to comprehend just how easy it was for me to journey into the world of homosexually. I went to the park looking to hook up but never thought I would go through with it. If it had been anyone other than Dave, I may have chickened out and left.

In some ways, the experience fulfilled my goal, but in other ways, it was lacking. While my primary goal was having sex with someone other than me, I didn't feel any emotional connection. Dave didn't try to kiss me and I didn't try to kiss him. I wasn't sure how I would have reacted if either of us tried kissing or more intimate contact.

It was sex and as I thought about what we did, I felt it was good sex. I never came as hard as I did when Dave sucked my cock. While I blew him I felt very excited and enjoyed the feeling of having his cock in my mouth. When Dave flooded my mouth with cum it didn't bother me at all.

I moved to my desk, took a drink of my soda, and turned on my computer. After checking my email, I navigated to one of the porn sites I usually visited. Checking the different rooms available, I selected one with two fit men who looked a little older than I was.

While watching the two men I noticed they both shaved their pubic area. I unfastened my jeans, slipped my hand into my underwear and ran my fingers through my pubic hair. Grinning, I thought about how I would look shaved. I also wondered how it would be to touch Dave if he shaved his crotch.

When I blew Dave earlier I got a few pubes in my mouth. It didn't bother me, but I felt it would be better if he was hairless. I decided if we got together again, I would be shaved.

The two men on my screen continued to fondle and suck each other. I stroked my cock as the memory of Dave and I flowed through my mind. Then one of the men turned around and got on his hands and knees. The other man moved behind him and fed his cock into the man's ass.

I wondered if Dave would want to fuck my ass. Moving my hand lower, I pressed a finger against my anus. My jeans were in the way so I stripped. With my legs over the arms of my chair, I stroked my cock and touched my anus. Stopping for a moment, I got a bottle of baby oil out of my desk drawer. Usually, I used the oil to lube my cock when I jacked off, but I had something else in mind. I coated the fingers of my left hand with the baby oil and resumed my play.

My slippery finger slid into my ass easily. My cock jerked in my hand as I penetrated myself for the first time. I took a deep breath and tried to relax while pushing my finger deeper into my rectum.

After a few moments, I was moving a finger in and out of my ass. I moved my other hand up and down my cock, adding to the sensation. When I found my prostate and touched it, I felt my body jerk. I didn't want to come yet and knew if I kept touching the gland I would. I removed my finger and then added a second digit. My anus relaxed and it was easy to move two fingers in and out of my ass.

Glancing at the screen, I watched one man fuck his friend's ass. He reached around his body and played with his cock while moving his own cock in and out of the man's ass. Closing my eyes, I tried to mimic the action while thinking of Dave.

My orgasm came quickly when I pressed my two fingers against my prostate. Cum shot onto my shirt, some of it hitting my chin. When my cock stopped spurting, I relaxed my grip and stopped moving my fingers in my ass. For the next few minutes, I sat there with my cock in my hand and two fingers in my rectum.

I felt exhausted and sated. I slowly removed my fingers from my ass, sliding them in and out a few times before completely pulling my hand away. I lowered my legs to the floor and then got up. After regaining my composure, I grabbed my jeans and headed to my bathroom. In the shower, I washed and then grabbed my razor. Before I finished I removed all my pubic hair.

I stood in front of the mirror, smiling while looking at my hairless crotch. In my room, I rubbed the freshly shaved area with baby oil. I shut down my computer, turned off the lights, and climbed into bed.
