 I was 24, in my first career job, I was a junior in the office and they sent me to Vancouver, Canada for my first official business trip to meet a client. I had elected to stay an extra day to hang out and see the site. It was noon on Friday, I was looking for something to eat, I passed a XXX Adult Theater that was right on Main Street. I mustered up the courage and I wandered into the lobby of the old Fox Cinema. It was a small old style theatre. I paid my admission and they guy told me my ticket was good for the day, as many times as I wanted to cum and go. 

I was entirely unsure what was on the other side of the doors except for porno, that I knew. I saw a sign for the restrooms and figured I'd best take a squirt before entering the theatre. I walked in the men's room. There was a tall biker looking dude taking a leak to my right, he had long greying hair, with a full beard, a leather vest and biker gear boots etc.

I stepped forward to relieve myself and started to piss. I was staring straight forward at the wall in front of me when I couldn't help but noticing the biker "dude" was looking directly at my exposed cock. I made brief and very uncomfortable eye contact and he smiled at me, slowly licked his lips like he was getting chocolate from them and then his eyes drifted back to my golden stream, he was in no rush. I looked down at and we were now both watching my hot piss hit the back of the urinal. I was even more nervous than I was in the lobby and I almost zipped up and left but I was mid-stream, so I continued. 

I felt like a piece of meat as he looked me up and down. He made every effort to ensure I knew he was interested in my package and I think I liked it. I looked down at his cock and he was full on stroking his hard member making no effort to conceal his actions. He clearly wasn't using the pisser, he stepped back from the wall and I could now see his manhood. If the door had opened anyone would have seen him, or seen us, I was a little freaked out. I swallowed hard and tried to push deep into my balls to get the last of the piss out. He sized me up and licked his lips again and almost purred at me while he took long slow strokes of his man meat. I'd never experienced something so brazen before and I was shocked at his disregard for urinal etiquette, if there was such a thing? 

It dawned on me like the apple hitting Newton on the head, I was in a porno theatre men's room and this guy was getting his jolly's watching a young 24 year old piss, in front of him. I shook the last of my drops out my cock and it began to grow. Suddenly the butter flies left my stomach and I was aware of how hot this was. I wasn't into piss play (not then anyway) but I was so tuned on that this older man was enjoying me at his leisure. As I flicked my cock dry and I stepped back from the wall slightly to give him a better view of my head, I took a few short strokes of my now hard cock. He was smiling and stroking his dickhead faster looking me in the eyes. I was still too bashful to make eye contact with him which I'm sure he knew and only added to his excitement, that he was taking advantage of my naïve and sexual inexperience. I was red in the face as I touched myself slowly and deliberately, like I was handling a fine piece of delicate china. He slowly reached out and made contact with my cock and wrapped his large left hand around my shaft. 

I froze, not being able to move, as his hand made contact on top of mine, he stroked my cock with my own hand. He rummaged into my pants and massaged my nut sack before he went back to his desired prize. He had gold rings on each finger which didn't allow him to stroke me outright so he simply held my cock in his hand after he maneuvered my hand off it. I could feel his cool rings against my warm cock skin. He began to pump his own cock faster and faster and I was mesmerised watching him masturbate before my eyes, his boot touching my shoe while he held my cock firmly in hand. I started to get nervous again as I realized that even I wanted to leave theatre was no way I going to get my cock from his death grip, not that I wanted to but this more than I bargained for. He licked his lips and purred again and his hand was moving fast now. He tilted his head back keeping eye contact with me and shot 2 big creamy loads of white sperm all over the floor beside me, and in front of him. I watched the cum hit the tile floor with a slopping sound. He continued to stroke and then tapped his cock to get the last of his semen out of the tip. I looked at the floor and noticed there were a few cum shots around the urinal and some splatter on the white tile by the pisser. He let go my cock, winked at me with a large smile, turned himself back to the urinal and continued stroking his cock just as he was when I entered the scene only moments ago.

I zipped up and left quickly, a little freaked out by what just happened but hard as a fucking rock. I walked with a quick pace to the theatre door. I opened the door slowly and entered the darkness of the theatre, my heart was pounding again. I squinted my eyes in the sudden darkness. The film was in the opening credits so there was virtually no light at all except for what shone through from the lobby and it quickly disappeared as the door closed. I was trying to decide what the hell I should do? Where do I go? I was frantic as my eyes had not yet adjusted to the darkness. I noticed a few heads had turned when I entered but had since gone back to the screen. It was a small theater with maybe 20 rows about 10 seats in each row with narrow aisle down the middle. I shuffled myself awkwardly into the second seat in from the aisle, one row from the last one. My heart was still racing and I was nervous as hell but I was seated. My senses were on high alert in the darkness and I noticed a couple of things: there was a distinct smell, not raunchy but pungent to be sure, a mix of humidity, cigarette smoke, a faint waft of urine, and the floor was sticky under my shoes. It only added to the seediness of the experience which if possible made my tree trunk hard cock, even harder, I shifted in the metal flip seat trying to allow my cock some room in pants. 

As the feature film started, it was a 70's porno film and it was the old style, slightly grainy and the sound was a little muffled at times. Just like in the real movies, the trailers started as though these were new releases "coming soon to a theater near you." This film must have been 30+ years old. With the film reel rolling there was now some reflective light from time to time and my eyes were able to make sense of my surroundings. I could see maybe 8 or 10 heads, all facing forward, some sitting up right, some slumped down in their seats. Behind me on either side were a 2 men leaning against the back wall staring over my head forward and 3 men on the opposite wall. I noticed a red light bulb that lit up just before the main door swung open. Another man entered and a few of the heads in the seats shuffled and random movements in the dark, I assumed they were doing up their pants or whatever. The newest audience member walked with purpose a few rows down and took a seat mid-way in the section. Once he was seated everyone went back to their business, whatever that was?

I focused back on the screen which was now playing the feature film and it was truly an old porno, the vintage era with a plot and soundtrack from the golden age of porn. The red light went on again, and again the same random movement occurred only now I could see much better as the screen was providing a bright back drop. 

In walked a lanky, tall Caucasian guy, maybe my age, long black stringy unwashed hair, denim jacket and little round John Lennon style glasses. He stood at the back and scanned the theater. The tall new guy unzipped his pants and drop them to his knees, no underwear. To my amazement, he revealed the largest cock I had ever seen, I mean it was a fucking horse cock. It looked like a fucking tree trunk. I was shocked at his uninhibited action by exposing himself. He began to walk slowly down the middle of the aisle with his massive tool kind of bobbing back and forth, pants just under his bare ass. He obviously knew that with that kind of packaged there would be onlookers and I was no different, I was interested in this freak of nature. As he approached each row he would turn slightly so anyone with a view could see his ridiculously massive sized cock. His eyes were buzzing and he appeared to be high on something and that was hard to ignore. He moved from row to row to see if there were any takers for his hammer. It seemed everyone else was like me, incredible interested in his cock but his inebriated conditions and crazy eyes were intimidating. I thought, "how could he fit that thing into a pussy?" I imagined he split women in half with his big fuck sword or sticking that into a butthole would be like getting a fist in the ass and I wondered when he came if it was like a hose shooting sperm in quantities large enough to extinguish a small kitchen fire?

He made his way to the front and there were no takers and if they were like me it was because his fuck hose was so massive and he looked so high, a weird combination. He turned around and repeated the process on the way back up the aisle except now he was holding his cock in hand and I could really get a gage when compared to his hand, how big it really was. It was an elephant trunk, "holy shit" I thought.

The red light went on again the door opened and light from the lobby shone into the theater and everyone else shuffled to cover themselves but our "horse cock" dude made no effort to hide his big man cock. The new man entering had the same response as I had, trying to squint in the darkness, he stood right inside the door under the red light bulb, he noticed the horse cock guy and his eyes just about popped out of their sockets. He literally dashed to the closest seat to get out of the way of this man on the prowl for a taker.

Horse cock went to the back of the theater and walked right up to one of the guys on the back wall. He reached out at the mans crotch and began rubbing. This was maybe 20 feet from my seat along the back wall other side of the narrow aisle. He dropped to his haunches and the man against the wall made a small effort to stop him from undoing his belt and unzipping his pants. I couldn't believe I was going to see a blow job in real life! I was so fucking excited and nervous about the cops or management bursting in or whatever but this was a whole new level of hotness for me.

Horse cock fished out the other guys cock and it was a normal sized cock which like mine, isn't 12" as most men would like you to believe or write about. This was a normal sized cock and none the less it was a nice looking penis that grew into a hard cock in his hand. The guy who was looking for a cock sucker now became a cock sucker and he dove right in with no regard for his chosen chap. The guy against the wall was fidgeting and looking as though he was resisting the assault by mouth on his cock. I imagine it wasn't an unwanted advance but merely at the pace this guy was sucking, he wouldn't hold out long, fuck I wouldn't have, and he didn't. With his hands on his hips he barely even moved his hips, horse cock guy was delivering a fast and furious blow job, back and forth and stroking with one hand. Other than the few guys at the front of the theatre who didn't notice the action going on at the back, everyone else was now focused on the live scene and not the film obviously, a few fully turned in their seats.

The other 2 guys on that west side had moved closer the live action in front of them and had pulled out their cocks and were stroking in a circle jerk. I figured that if there was a bust or something of that nature the scene at the back would be focal point so I slowly unzipped my pants and allowed my own aching cock some much needed air. In an instant there was a man sitting in the empty chair to my left at the end of aisle. He was maybe 50 years old, dressed with a proper button shirt, light tan dress pants wearing a wedding band and was decent looking. I wasn't sure what to make of it but he simply sat down and was watching the blow job scene, as I was. I felt his hand on my leg and it slowly worked it's was up my inner thigh. This guy was old enough to be my uncle, just my type! He gently squeezed my cock. "Holy shit," I thought, this was now the second man today to touch me without permission. He turned to me and whispered "that's pretty hot hey" motioning towards the blow job and circle jerk, I nodded. As we both watched the real life porn with the porn in the background. 

The man being sucked started to cum and he put both hands on the head of horse cock's long hair and he pumped his mouth like a pussy warm hole and was obviously ejaculating the contents of his balls into horse cock man's mouth. Our cocksucker immediately turned his head and spit out all of the creamy load he had just been presented with in the form of a long drool dribble on to the concrete floor. Although it was disappointing he didn't swallow the creamy cum shot it was hot in its own way to see him expel the white load onto the already sticky floor for all to witness. I thought of all those men who would walk through the sticky cum and end up taking some of the cum shots on the bottom of their shoes along with the ones in their stomachs to their unsuspecting wives when they sat down for dinner later that night. Hot!

Horse cock had finished with his first cock and had discarded his temporary lover and was now onto the second fuck stick in the circle jerk. He went to work and although the theatre was again now darker again as their wasn't as much light reflecting from the screen I could see his head moving a fairly rapid pace, sucking and bobbing. He took his hand and reached out for the last cock remaining in the circle and stroked it while he sucked the other one.

My uncle aged neighbor was giving me hand job and tugging on my aching cock. Suddenly I felt 2 more hands on my shoulders and immediately tuned around and it another man from the back wall, rubbing me. He was older than my current molester, old enough to be my grandpa's age, dressed in light khaki's and button shirt and looking business causal. I could smell his strong cologne and it filled my nostrils over powering the funky theater smell. He rubbed my neck and slid his hand into my t-shirt finding my nipples and he tweaked them in his fingertips. He was right behind me pushing his crotch into the back of my head and I could feel his hardness through the thin slacks as he pressed against me.

We all turned our heads to watch the double blow job going on near the back, whatever was on the film had sounds of sex, some woman was moaning as she was being fucked on screen, the musky man small all added up to an incredible scene and far past the simple solo masturbation I was anticipating before I entered.

My seated friend who was fondling me had released his own cock and I reached down to grasp it. It was wonderful, his cock poking through his undone zipper. As I explored, I stroked this hard shaft and ended up at the thick base of his pubic hair.

My standing man leaned in and began kissing my neck from behind me and was running his tongue on my ear and groping me chest with his big strong man hands. They were soft and I was sensitive to his touch as he mainly focused on my nipples. I could feel his wedding band as he massaged my chest. I looked back at horse cock, still doing his thing, oblivious to a small crowd that had now gathered and were all jerking or rubbing their cocks. Another man was crouched over beside him and was obviously playing with his big donkey dong. I couldn't see it directly as they were facing the other way but you could tell he was doing his best to stroke him. I figured you'd need 2 hands to properly masturbate such a specimen. I wondered if he named his snake a proper name or a nickname? I thought, I bet if he and girl were together for the first time, there would have been look of horror in a young girls face when she realized he was going to stick that that missile scud in her tight pink hole, or the delight of a real slut (man or women) who couldn't wait to be filled with it. I wanted badly to go over and touch him and explore it like was in a shop testing an appliance, pressing all the buttons and gadgets to see what made it tick but there was no way I was leaving with situation I was in.

My seated man moved the arm rest back allowing him better access to my cock and without warning leaned over and dropped his mouth onto my cock. There is nothing better than a warm mouth covering your cock, the first contact when it dips inside. I still had hold of his member but was no longer jerking him, simply holding his cock in my hand. He looked up and me and made eye contact as he licked me from the side and danced on my leaky pre-cum piss slit. He made a real show of it with a devilish grin, like he knew he had complete power over me and he did. My other man was full on making out with neck, it didn't require much effort from me other than to sit there and let him love me. I was in heaven getting deep slow blow job with a grandpa kissing and soothing me, a cock in my hand and for good measure a real life double cock sucker 20 feet from me. 

There is something about a man's mouth that's slightly different from a women's, maybe is bigger or deeper or perhaps that cocksucker men are out for one thing only, cock and there is no pretense or games or expected returns, it's a simple exchange between cocksucker and cock. I could feel his whiskers rubbing against my cock only adding to my excitement. He looked up at me and whispered, "you like that boi, huh, you like this?" I could only muster up groan, I couldn't form words in my ecstasy.

He said "you tell me when you going to cum" I tipped my head back and let grandpa molester kiss me on the mouth, tasting the remnants of whisky or some other booze on his lips. He slipped his tongue into my mouth and was practically jamming it in like a tiny cock, so I pierced my lips around it and mimicked a blow job of his tongue. 

I could feel my cum building, I wanted this horny feeling to last all fucking day but how could I? I tried my best to think of baseball or sandwiches to prolong my impending cum shot but it was no use, I began to hump my old mans mouth and in moment I began shooting my pent up sperm into his hungry mouth. I don't have a horse size cock but with the velocity of my release I could have put of raging forest fire. 

"Fuuuuhhhck" was the word, I think that came out of my mouth while my creamy seed was blasting out of my cock. My cocker sucker bolted his back and spit the first of my cum shot out on the back of the seat in front of us. Without flinching my molester grandpa reached over me and grabbed my cock and jerked me while I was in mid-cum, tugging me hard as another shot of creamy spunk from my pee slit escaped me like garden hose on full pressure without aim. The second shot hit the seat in front of me, the third of my cum rope shot landed on the thigh of the man seated next to me, a big splurge of cum shot on his leg. He immediately stood up and began trying to wipe my white slimy seed from his old man slacks before it stained. As the last of my cum shot was being extracted from my balls, my grandpa lover released my cock and was lapping up the cum on his fingers and thumb. He was enjoying my warm creamy baby juice with big smile. (since then, I've developed a craving for cum from time to time too) I didn't mean to cum in his mouth without warning but it seemed to me to be part of the gig when you suck someone off in a porn theatre.

He whispered "nice shot young man, oh that was a good one, thanks for sharing" as he sucked is fingers clean.
