 The door opened and my roommate, Mark, walked into the room. I was on the couch wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt.

"Hey man," he said, throwing his bag onto the chair by the door. "What's up?"

"Not much, just watching some videos."

"Nice." He kicked off his shoes and hopped over the couch landing next to me. "Lemme guess, lots of porn?"

"What? No -I..." I stammered.

He laughed. "Relax man, I'm just busting your balls." He paused for a second, thinking. "But, I mean, if you ever want to, I don't mind."

"What, like watch it together?"

"Oh," he stopped. "I just meant if you want to watch porn in here."

"Oh. Right, duh." We sat silently as the video played.

"I mean... I wouldn't say no to that either." I looked over at him, his cheeks red. "I mean, we're both straight guys, why can't we watch porn together?"

I was going to make a sarcastic remark, but then I decided to think about it. Why not? We had known each other for years, and had discussed sex in the past.

"Ok." I switched over from YouTube to the browser on my Xbox, and navigated to my bookmarked pages. I picked the one titled "School Stuff", and Pornhub loaded up y favourite video.

"Haha, really man?" he grinned.

"Oh shut up." I replied, pressing play. The video started, playing a standard cheesy pizza delivery porno. As it began to get going, Mark and I both reached into our pants and started rubbing ourselves.

After a few minutes, Mark pulled his dick out. I hesitated, and then followed suit. I caught myself glancing over at his dick. It was smaller than mine, but uncut. He effortlessly glided up and down his shaft. He turned and saw where I was looking, and I immediately looked away, my cheeks burning hot. "Sorry, I was just-"

"Hey man," he interrupted, "don't worry about it. I don't mind you checking it out."

"I was just wondering what it's like to be uncut."

He laughed. "Yeah, it's nice. But you're pretty damn big. No wonder you've had so many girlfriends."

I enjoyed the compliment, relaxing again. "Haven't had any complaints."

"I bet you haven't, lucky fuck." With that, we both went back to watching the video. The girl on the screen was on her knees, sucking the guy off. "Damn, she seems to really love doing that, huh?"

"Yeah, you'd think he rubbed the pizza on it or something." I immediately felt stupid for making such a dumb joke. 

After another minute, Mark spoke up.

"You know, I've always wondered what it tastes like."

I froze. What? What was he saying? That he wanted to suck a dick? I looked at him and noticed he was staring at my hand. Did he want to suck mine? 

"Do you mind if I..." he trailed off, looking at me. 

"What? Seriously?"

"If not that's ok, I just wanted to see how it actually tasted." His face was beet red, his eyes not leaving my dick.

My ears burning hot, I thought about it. Did I really want him to? Part of me really wanted a blowjob, but from Mark? Before I could stop myself, I silently nodded yes.

Mark reached out and grabbed my dick, running his fingers up and down my shaft. I felt my dick twitch again as he slowly leaned over and examined it. He looked at it from a few angles before sticking out his tongue and taking a tentative lick. A lightning bolt shot through me and I gasped. He stopped and looked up at me, an unsure look on his face.

"Keep going."

With that he turned back and gave it a longer lick, from base to head. After that, he moved further down and gave my balls a lick. I closed my eyes, feeling precum start to leak out of my head. He gave it one more lick from bottom to top ore running now his tongue around the head. He then opened his mouth and began to slowly slide down my shaft. He made it about half way down before stopping and heading back up. He did this a few more times, going slightly farther each time, before stopping again.

"I... Are you ok if I do this?" he asked. He was trying to hide it, but I could tell from his eyes that he really wanted to. So after a brief pause, I nodded again.

With that, he climbed down onto the floor and positioned himself between my knees. He pulled my pants down to my ankles and moved closer. He gave my dick a few more licks before starting to suck it again, this time with a lot more enthusiasm. I let out a low moan, and felt him begin going even faster. I know I wasn't going to last much longer. I tried to say something to warn him, but before I could say anything to warn him, I came. He stopped, surprised, before happily starting up again. I watched as cum spilled out of his mouth and down my shaft. After I had finished he began licking up every bit of it he could find.

I looked back at the video on the screen. The girl was getting rammed hard by the pizza guy, still wearing his shirt and hat. I looked back over at Mark, who was jacking off hard, his eyes closed. Before long he grunted, a thick rope of cum flying up his chest. A few more ropes shot out, covering his shirt in cum. After a few seconds of heavy breathing, he stood up and walked over to the bathroom. I pulled my pants up and switched back to YouTube. A few minutes later he returned to the couch, in his pajamas. After the video he got up and headed towards his room. He paused at the door turned around.

"Hey," he said, quietly, "thanks."