 Hey everyone! Thanks for checking out my story! It's my first attempt at a story like this so I hope you won't be too cruel after you read it! Everyone is legal and always play safe! :)

I'm sure there will be some mistakes as I wrote this in two days on my days off. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it! 

*******

"This place is a freaking dump." I said, as I looked around my new accommodations. It was my first night in my new lodging and I had already started to wonder what I had gotten myself into.

About two months ago, I decided that I was going to get a job up in the oil patch of northern Alberta. I didn't want to just get by anymore, and from the money I saw some of my friends making, I figured it was time I made my way up there.

I didn't really want to work on the actual oil rigs so I decided to get my class one license, and all required tickets, so that I could drive the big trucks up there. I thought it would be fun - and to be honest, I have always had truck driver fantasies. After setting up all my stuff in my little room, I set out to explore my new temporary home. It was huge. Everywhere I looked there were people, trucks, and giant machines. Definitely out of my element considering my previous jobs, but I was excited to make a go of something new.

I decided to check out the cafeteria since I was starting to get a bit hungry. I walked in and eyed up my surroundings. There were sexy freaking men...everywhere. I knew I was going to be in trouble up here. It was taking all of my willpower to not stare at some of the guys. I'm out to all my friends and family, but people don't generally know that about me and are typically surprised when they find out that I prefer guys. All I wanted to do up here was fit in - so I decided I needed to be smart about being up here. 

As I was walking up to the salad bar I was keeping my head down for two reasons. First, I'm seriously shy and nervous to the point of ridiculousness in new situations. Second, the more I looked at my feet, the more chance I had of not being busted staring at some of the handsome specimens of masculinity that were surrounding me. That's when it happened. I ran right into him. "Hey buddy, watch out huh?" I looked up, and trust me I had to look up, and I was floored. He had to be about 6'6, 270 lbs, and by the chest hair sticking out the top of his shirt - he was a furry fella. With a nervous laugh I said, "Sorry man, first day up here and still getting my bearings." He nodded politely and made his way to a group of guys who were loud and animated, and clearly having a really good day!

I grabbed some food and found a table off to the side. I made sure that I sat in a position that I'd be able to watch him and his friends. Since I was so nervous about being up here, it was cool to see that people were capable of having a good time up here. Gave me something to look forward to.

The next morning I woke up and remembered his face. He never told me his name, but I heard his buddies calling him Jay. I brushed my teeth, had a shower, grabbed my coveralls and hardhat and made my way to the worksite. I loved it. I was making amazing money for the first time in my life and I was enjoying the work I was doing. No more office with a tie - I was out in the bush driving truck and by the end of the day I was covered in dust, mud, sweat, and well, more dust. It turned out that my joy of the job at hand was short lived though.

"We gotta find something else for you to do Mike." my boss said, "Today is actually the last day of the project."

I'm sure he noticed my face kinda drop - I just got up here and I didn't want to go home already.

"Don't' worry though, I already got something else lined up for you. You'll be driving a crew van. Be up at the same time tomorrow and you'll be taking a rig crew to their lease site."

"Thanks Clint! I really didn't want to leave as soon as I got here so I'll help out where ever I can!"

I was just happy to not be going home. There was nothing there for me. Don't get me wrong, I have a great group of friends there, but no work with advancement, and nobody to share my bed with. I'd plug along doing whatever to reach my goals.

*******

The next morning I was up at 4am. I cleaned up and went to my bosses office where he told me what Van I was to be driving, what rig I was to be working for, and where I had to take the guys.

As Clint handed me the keys he said, "They are a good group of guys, Mike. I had to drive them for the last week since I couldn't find anyone. Just be on time. They bitch a lot if they are going to be late arriving. Just don't speed. Your ass will get sent home so fast your head will spin." He looked quite serious, so I took it that way. 

I pulled up in front of the cafeteria and filled out my necessary paperwork and waited. By about 5:45am, I had a knock at the window. A friendly face was smiling and he was motioning me to roll my window down. 

"Hey! Is this the crew van to the Akita rig?" he asked.

"Awe shit man, I forgot to put up my sign on the van to help you guys out! My first day on this job and I've already dropped the ball!" I laughed and motioned for him to hop in.

As more and more guys piled into the van I realized there was a hierarchy to the seating arrangement. The lowest ranked guys say in the very back of the van and the person who sat in the front with me was the Driller. These guys started to look familiar to me. I instantly got nervous. They were the guys I'd been checking out at the cafeteria the night before, being all rowdy and having a good time! 

The guys started to complain about the Driller being late. I looked up and cracked a huge grin. I see him coming towards the van, with his huge frame, hopping on one foot trying to get his coveralls on, with a bagel hanging out of his mouth.

"Fuck fuck fuck I slept in again! Sorry fellas!" he said with a look of slight embarrassment.

I looked at them all in the rearview mirror and said, "Well guys, I'm your new chauffeur, Mike, and I'll be driving the van here for ya!"

I hoped I could learn all their names, but they were so relaxed they didn't mind if I had to ask again just to be sure. Didn't take long for the guys to start just shooting the shit while I got them where they needed to go. It was about a 45 minute trip and it was great. They were all piping up introducing themselves. There was Chris, Craig, Tye, Brent, Kyle, and last but not least, Jay - the driller who I found I was already crushing on.

We got to the rig site with a bit of time to spare. They all got out of the Van and went into the room next to the doghouse to get ready for their day. Everyone but Jay. He just sat there kinda looking a bit zoned out.

"Goddamn man. I hate it when I sleep in. Totally fucks up my day." he complained.

I looked over right away and said, "Well at least it looks like you got some sleep! I'm sure you'll have a really good day!"

I instantly regretted saying it. I felt like I was far too peppy and he looked at me a bit cockeyed. He gathered up his stuff and got out of the van.

"Thanks, Mike!" he said with a wink.

Good lord. I thought I was going to faint. This big tall burly bearish guy paid some attention to me. Honestly, I don't find I get too much attention - well at least the sexual kind. I get more sexual attention from girls than guys, so pairing that up with being really shy, I've been single for quite a while.

I started to fill out my paperwork and sat in the van. I had to sit there for quite a while. I wasn't allowed to leave because I had to stay there in case of an emergency. 

"Twelve hours of this," I thought to myself, was going to make for a very long day.

Watching the guys work made it easier. They were completely different on the lease site as to how they were in the caf. They were business. They knew that if they weren't on top of their game at all times that someone could get hurt, and you could see these guys were more than friends - they were family. I felt out of place sometimes. They had hard demanding work and I was just a glorified chauffeur, but they treated me like one of them. It was nice to feel like I belonged. It had been a while since I had felt like that.

After a few days I got a knock on the window. It was Jay standing there kinda sheepishly.

"Hey Mike, did you want to come in and join us for some lunch?" I was nervous. He was so handsome and his blue eyes were the friendliest I'd ever seen. How could I say no?

Finally I said, "Sure man! Beats sitting in the van just reading!"

Jay looked at my dash and say the third book in the Game of Thrones series.

"Holy man! I love those books! Once you've finished the fourth book lets talk cause I've read them all and none of the guys here really read!" he exclaimed with a big grin on his face.

I went in and the guys were all glad to see I had come in. I found out that none of the previous drivers would join them and it didn't sit well with the rig crew. It made them feel like the driver thought they were better than them. They were glad to see I wasn't like the other guys.

All afternoon I'd peek up from my book and I'd swear I was catching Jay looking at me all the time with a smile on his face. If I wasn't seated already I'm sure my legs would have turned into putty.

Finally the end of the day arrived. I felt bad to be honest. They got into the van and were hot, sweaty, and dirty. Then there's me. I'm in clean coveralls and haven't pretty much done a thing all day. Jay got into the front seat last and just melted into the seat. He fell asleep almost instantly. I looked in the rearview and the other guys were a lot more sombre than they were in the morning. I guess working your ass off at a physically demanding job can wear you out a bit! Not long after we left, Jay seemed to perk up a bit and became a bit chatty when he saw the other guys were all sleeping.

I found out that he was also from British Columbia, but far more north. He came from a big family where he was the youngest. He was pretty open about it and I really liked being able to chat with him and his smile continuously made me melt. My smile got even wider when he asked if I wanted to go for supper with him, since the other guys were going to go straight to bed.

I wasn't really used to camp food just yet. I found it gave me an upset stomach. We walked up to the counter and I had some chicken and salad. I figured I'd be safe with that. Jay walked up and had a little of everything, and I mean everything. His plate was piled so high! He worked it off during the day. I could tell from his frame that he got more than enough exercise being out on the rig. It didn't matter though. I liked the look of him thick. The conversation got a bit sparse as Jay was shovelling it in. I giggle a bit when I saw the pizza sauce on his chin. He realized what I was laughing at and blushed while he wiped his face with his sleeve.

He looked at me and said, "I like your laugh. I'm glad they assigned you to our rig." I am pretty sure I turned 5 shades of red with that comment. Once we were finished supper we put out trays away at the back and left the large room.

"So have you been watching the Game of Thrones TV show on HBO at all?" he blurted out.

"Well," I responded "I missed the last few episodes before I came up here so I'm not quite current, but I really like where they are going with it!"

It turned out that he had downloaded the last three episodes to bring up with him to watch on his down time. We went out for a smoke talking and agreed that the next day we would meet up again after I dropped them off, grab a snack, then watch the show in the lounge.

********

I showed up right on time the next morning to pick the guys up. This time was different. Jay was the first person to arrive. He told me he had a really good sleep and was ready to start the day. I had gotten up a bit early and grabbed breakfast for the guys. I knew that they liked their sleep and figured they might not have time if they didn't wake up early enough. Let me tell ya - I became instantly popular. The guys took their eggs, fruit, and bacon and started eating up like crazy. There were hoots and hollers and it looked like their day had started off properly.

As they were all leaving to go get changed, Jay doubled back and tapped on my window. I rolled and down and smiled.

"Uhm...I wasn't sure if you had breakfast or not, so I grabbed you a bagel when I grabbed one for myself before I left." God he was so shy it was adorable. He smiled at me and left immediately.

I found a place to park and got into my book. Jay and the guys always wanted me to park over by the smoking area so they could come over and chat with me on their quick breaks! I had to say, I was loving this job. The money was terrific and the guys were great, and I got to stare and my beefy eye candy as much as I wanted to.

The day ended quickly because I was really looking forward to watching the show after my shift! I became a big fan of it after reading the books and seeing how closely the show had followed the books - so far. Driving back, the guys wanted to listen to some music - but in the middle of nowhere, we only had AM and it was pretty fuzzy. I quickly remembered that I had brought my FM adapter for my iPhone and gave it to Jay to plug in some music. We listened to some Pink Floyd, Black Keys, and mixed it up with some Hank Williams Jr. It was great. It really relaxed everyone and made everyone happy!

I dropped them off in the exact same spot.

"So I'm thinking we should meet up in about 45 minutes and we can grab supper and head to the lounge! Hows that sound?" Jay said with a goofy smile on his face.

"Sure!" I said. "This is gonna be sweet!"

Jay smiled and me and walked off to his bunkhouse. I parked the van and went and got all showered up and changed into some normal clothes. When I got to the cafeteria, I thought I would pass out. Here's this big tall handsome fella. He was wearing sexy blue jean shorts, a wifebeater with a open red plaid shirt, and white DC shoes. He just made my heart melt when he greeted me with his smile. We went in and loaded up. I grabbed some juice, veggies, and a sandwich. Jay grabbed a salad and some chicken.

"It looked really good when you had it last night." He said with a nervous smile.

We went to the lounge and my heart sank. I looked around and it was packed. There was a UFC match on. GSP Vs. Nick Diaz. The place was a gong show. We looked at each other and knew it wasn't gonna happen.

"No problem man." Jay piped up, "I have a TV in my room so we can just go watch it there if you're cool with that!"

"Sure! I'm kinda stoked to see whats happened! I'd watch it outside if I had to, which says something, considering the amount of black flies and mosquitos all over the place.

I walked in and was shocked. I could tell he had been in this room for quite a while. It was neat and tidy, but personalized - including a rather large TV!

We sat on the floor next to his bed and he stuck the USB flash drive into the TV and selected the first episode. We were sitting there watching and I was totally into it, but I was a bit distracted. The whole time we were watching, Jays leg was kinda touching mine. I say kinda because his leg wasn't actually touching mine - but his leg hair kept brushing mine and it would send shivers down my spine. 

When the first episode ended, we cleaned up from our supper and went outside for a smoke break. I asked him more about himself and he filled me in. Turned out that he was a lot younger than I thought. I'm 31 and he's 20. He started working the rigs about 2 years ago and worked his way up from lease hand and worked his butt off to get where he was at. It was nice to see another person who had goals and ambition. I still wasn't sure if he was gay - although I was starting to feel like at the very least he was curious. I really didn't want this to be just another straight guy blow and go. I'd done that a few times and found out it wasn't for me.

"Fuck man! My shoulders are just killing me!" Jay complained as we walked back into his room. "Not to be weird, but I'll seriously pay you to punch at my shoulders" he said with a laugh. The thought of me rubbing his shoulders made every nerve in my body just go crazy. I was nervous. I didn't want to freak him out or anything if he realized that I was completely aroused by the thought. It was, however, something that I couldn't pass up - and I'd been told that I give amazing massages. He turned sideways and kinda gave himself a shake to loosen up a bit. I started right to work. Just touching him sent electricity straight to my dick. I was doing everything to not get a boner right there, but I knew I was getting a semi. I could tell he was tense.

"Holy shit. Right there." he said with a cringed look on his face.

I felt the knot. It was huge. I went to work on it. More than once and flinched and I felt the need to apologize. 

"No pain no gain man, keep doing what you're doing." he said, even though I could tell it was hurting like a bitch.

I kept massaging his neck, shoulders and back for probably close to an hour. When I was done I rubbed down his back nice and light just to finish it off. He sighed a huge breath of relief. He leaned back into me a bit with a huge smile on his face and his pools of amazing blue eyes just sparkled. Something else caught my attention too. Jay was sporting some tenting in the front of his pants. He saw me notice and shifted immediately and looked really embarrassed.

"Well it looks like you really liked that massage huh?" I said with a cocky look on my face. "It's been a long time since I had a massage man, I'm sure a monkey could have given me a massage and the same thing would have happened!" he said jokingly.

I know he didn't mean it in a mean way, but I know he saw a slight look of disappointment in my eyes after he said it. "But I prefer it to be you to be honest." he said leaning in an smelling my neck. "I'm sure monkey's don't smell nearly as good as you do." I almost got all choked up and didn't know what to say, which isn't normal for me. When I'm comfortable around someone, I'm a natural talker and generally don't lose my words - and trust me, I was comfortable around this guy. Almost too comfortable. 

I wouldn't exactly say that I was paranoid about being gay and working up in the oil patch, but I'm sure that most guys think about what happened to that poor Matthew Shepard while he was up north. I didn't want that to happen to me. I didn't really know Jay well enough to know if he was the type to possibly gay bash. He cleared that up pretty quickly when he leaned in again and smelled my neck again and nipped at my ear. I let out a slight moan.

"Ohhhhh so your neck is a good place to start huh?" he said with a grin

"Shit man, I'm sure a monkey could kiss on my neck and it would get me going, it's been so long." I said with a bit of sarcasm in my voice and a wink in my eye. 

He laughed and pushed me down to the ground and pinned my arms to the ground. I could tell from his jeans that he must have been experiencing some down right pain. I think that when I saw his tent earlier that he was only half hard and well, now he was fully hard. He leaned down to my face and gave me the lightest, most amazing kiss of my life. At first he just brushed his lips across mine and

rubbed our noses together. I looked up at him and smiled. I grabbed his face and leaned up and kissed him hard. When I finished I leaned back down on my elbows to look at him and see how he reacted, in case it was too much. It wasn't. He leaned back down and assaulted me with little kisses all over my face and neck. We made out for so long that when I looked at the clock, I had a mini heart attack. It was already midnight and we had to be on the road at 5AM. I brought it to his attention and he groaned.
