 Over the next few weeks Mark and I got a lot more comfortable sexually. We would jack off together frequently, sometimes just ourselves, sometimes he would reach over and jack me off, and sometimes he would blow me. I didn't complain, he was getting what he wanted and I was getting off. It was a win win.

One day, I was watching TV when he walked in and sat down next to me. I could tell that he was kind of nervous. He was fidgeting with the strings of his hoodie and refusing to meet my eye.

"What's up?"

"Huh? Oh, I... It's nothing." he stammered, his face flushed.

"No, really, what's going on?"

He sighed. "It's just... I really like the dynamic we've had lately, y'know? And I want to ask something, but I'm afraid it will ruin things."

"Go ahead, man." I felt myself start to get hard. Was he about to ask what I thought he was?

"I've just been exploring some stuff, and I realized that there's something I need to try." He fumbled his hands as he talked, looking away from me.

He let out a deep breath and finally said, "I want you to fuck me."

I felt my dick push against my jeans, already rock hard. A couple of weeks ago I would have been horrified by the question. But now? I actually wanted to. No girl had ever let me do anal before. But even more than that, I had been wondering what it would be like to fuck Mark.

"Yes."

We started how we usually did, just jacking off together. He put on some porn. We had since transitioned to watching gay porn while we jacked off together. It started with some bi porn and then he suggested trying gay porn and I agreed. It was more for him, but I found that I was getting turned on by it too. This particular video was your standard cliché delivery boy scene, can't pay for my pizza and whatnot.

After a few minutes, he had taken over and was jacking me off with one hand while he jacked off with the other. Then he got off the couch and dropped to his knees and began sucking me off.

After a short but amazing blowjob, he stopped and reached into his bag and pulled out a bottle of lube. He poured a good amount onto my dick and spread it around. Then he climbed up onto my lap. He positioned my head against his hole, and began to push down. After a bit of time, I felt myself slowly start to push inside him. He let out a low moan as his hole opened to let me slide in. His ass was warm and tight.

He lowered himself down slowly, occasionally stopping to get adjusted. I felt my head get all the way in with a pop, and it got a lot easier after that.

"Fuck," he gasped, "you're goddamn huge."

Within a couple of minutes he finally managed to get all the way to the bottom. He stayed there, breathing deeply and just getting used to the feeling. Then he began to slide back up, slowly riding me. As he adjusted, he began to go faster and harder, and before long he was moaning loudly as he rode me. As he bounced, his hard dick bounced up and down, slapping my stomach. He was so tight, I had to keep my mind occupied on other things to prevent myself from blowing my load too soon.

Suddenly he stopped. "Wait," he said, "I want to try something."

He hopped off and led me to his room. He laid down on the bed, his ass right at the edge. I positioned myself between his legs, butting them over my shoulders. I slid in easily, his hole still eager and ready. I began pounding his ass hard. I felt my balls slap his ass with every thrust, and each time he let out another moan. I knew I was getting close. I grabbed his legs and began thrusting as hard as I could. After a few more thrusts I grunted, slammed as far in as I could get, and unloaded deep inside him. At the same time, he blew his load, his hot sticky cum shooting onto his chest and face.

After a second of just breathing deeply, I pulled out and dropped onto the bed. He laid there, breathing heavily, until Mark went to grab a towel to clean himself off. I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up, still riding the high of what had just happened. When I got back to the living room, he was already there.

"So?" I asked. "How was it?"

He laughed. "I think I figured out what I needed to."

Nothing else happened that night, but I had a feeling that this was the beginning of a whole new chapter in my life.