 I have previously told the story of my first gang bang with a group of bi-men in Seattle. I loved that experience and was hoping for another. I kept in touch with Karl, a bisexual black man I met in a gay chat room and who introduced me to the group. I had met him singly and with a friend before hooking up with the group. I did not live in the Seattle area but would visit on business a few times a year. It had been some months since my last visit to Seattle and was looking forward to another session with the group. It was finally going to happen and I e-mailed Karl as soon as I knew the dates. We corresponded back and forth in the weeks leading up to my trip. Karl was able to arrange a meeting with him and three other guys. The three other guys were not the same ones I had met in my first gang bang.

I was nervously awaiting Karl in my hotel bar, sipping a whiskey, trying to contain my excitement. Karl finally arrived ten minutes late, which only added to my nervousness. The Seattle traffic can be horrible but I was really on edge. Karl joined me for a drink and told me about the others. Raul was a Latino, about 5'8", well built with a very thick 7 inch cock. Tommy was a white guy, 6'5" with a 9" man meat. Damon was black about 6'2" with a 10" cock. I was more excited than I had ever been. We finished our drinks quickly and Karl drove me to Tommy's apartment. He was single, Raul was divorced and Damon was married but his wife was out of town.

I arrived at the apartment and was introduced to the guys. All seemed very friendly and Tommy served drinks to each of us. We chatted a bit and then Tommy said "Let's get it on!"

Tommy had a large living room with an amazing view of Puget Sound. There was a couch and a love seat in the room and he had both covered with sheets to minimize problems with stains. We all stripped in a flash. I knelt in the middle of the room and watched as the guys surrounded me. I started sucking cocks. There were four wonderful cocks and I wanted each one of them. I licked and sucked each cock for a minute or two before moving on to the next one. Karl said "we want your ass." This was fine with me. I got on all fours and eagerly anticipated the first cock to penetrate my hole. Karl being my first contact in the group claimed first place and he pushed his BBC deep in my ass. Tommy stuck his cock in front of me and I enthusiastically sucked on his big cock. The other guys stuck their dicks out and I grabbed each one and started stroking.

I moved from cock to cock sucking each one with incredible pleasure. I was in heaven being fucked and filling my mouth with delicious man meat. Karl was ramming his BBC into my ass driving me wild, I loved it! I was over the top delirious with the three cocks I kept sucking one after another. Karl did not take too long to cum and he shot a huge load of cum deep in my ass. It felt so good. Tommy then pointed his big dick at me. He shoved it into my eager ass and I was in heaven again. Tommy's cock was thick and long - 9". I loved feeling so full. He pounded my ass while I sucked two different cocks alternating between them. They tasted so good. I was thrusting my ass back at Tommy as he fucked me. He started to slap my ass which drove me wild. 

While Tommy was pounding my ass, I really went to town on Damon's huge man meat. I tried my best to deep throat his 10", but I couldn't quite manage it. I paused from sucking and told him I wanted him to be the next to fuck me. He smiled and said that would be just fine. 

Tommy shot his load and Damon slowly pushed his enormous cock into my ass. He took his time working his way into my deepest recesses. I had never felt so full before. It did hurt just a bit at first but that soon went away to be replaced by an amazing erotic thrill. My cock was twitching with pleasure from the deep, slow fucking I was getting. Meanwhile, I was sucking Raul and Karl alternating between them. Tommy was taking a break. Damon was picking up his pace. I was in heaven. Damon began to pound me harder and his cock soon erupted into my ass. 

"Your turn," I told Raul and he pushed his thick cock into my hole which was dripping cum. He had been waiting the longest and was really horny. It did not take very long for him to give me my fourth load. 

We decided to take a break for drinks. I needed a little rest. We chatted for about 20 minutes before I informed the group I was ready for another round. Tommy had me on my back with my legs on his shoulders. He began to slowly fuck me while I sucked Karl's cock. I reached my hands out and grabbed Damon's and Raul's cocks and stroked them. Karl's cock filled my mouth with his hot, salty cum. I licked my lips and swallowed every drop. Damon was next I almost gagged trying to deep throat him. Tommy was slamming his cock deep inside me, pulling it almost all the way out and ramming it in again. Tommy's cock filled my ass with cum again. 

I just concentrated on sucking Damon. He told me I was a very good cocksucker which caused me to smile at him. I was able to milk his huge cock for another load of cum, once again I did not waste a drop. 

Raul waved his cock in front of my mouth and I eagerly swallowed every inch of it. I would pull my mouth up and give his mushroom head a massage with my tongue before deep throating him once more. I kept this up for about 5 minutes and then decided to concentrate on his cock head. I wrapped my lips around it and tickled his piss slit with my tongue. I was driving him wild and he could not hold back any longer, he shot several strings of cum into my waiting mouth. 

We were all pretty tired at this point. Tommy let me use his shower and, after getting clean, I joined the others for a farewell drink. I told them that this was the most erotic experience of all time for me. Sadly, I switched jobs shortly after that and no longer took business trips to Seattle. Karl and I have kept in touch but it was quite a while before I was able to visit there again.