 Once in the shower Will kissed me deeply.  Then he turned me around and shoved me hard up against the shower wall.  He put a little conditioner on his throbbing meat and shoved it in me.  He humped me hard and fast for what seemed like hours.  That wasn’t like him.  Normally he took his time and went slow, and always took the time to kiss my neck and run his fingers over my hot wet body.  When he was finished I was disappointed and sore.  He didn’t say a word to me while we dried ourselves off.  “Will, we need to talk,” I said.  

“Fine with me,” he said coldly.

I took his hand and led him over to my bed and we sat down.  I put my hand on his cheek and he pulled away.  “What’s wrong?” I asked.  “I thought you said you weren’t mad anymore.”

“I’m not mad.  I never really was mad, just hurt.  I’m over it now.”

“I don’t think you are.  You barely touched me in there.  Only kissed me once.”

“I was giving you what you want.  I see now that you just want a fuck buddy.  That’s just fine with me. It’s what I’m used to.  I’m just everyone’s fuck buddy!”

“No, that isn’t what I want.  You should know me better than that by now.  I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone.  What I did was wrong not to mention stupid.  I got caught up in the moment of wanting to live my fantasy.”

“Was it worth it?”

“What do you mean?”

“I hope you really enjoyed it.  Anyway, I just came to get my things.  I’m going home.”

I was stunned, but I really shouldn’t have been.  A tear formed on his cheek and he wiped it away.  He stood up and got dressed and began to pack.  All I could do was sit there and watch him walk out the door.  Then I watched from my window as he packed up and drove off.  I buried my face in my pillow and cried for hours.  I must’ve fallen asleep because when I opened my eyes again it was 9:00 PM.  I wondered if it all had just been an awful dream.  I went over to the dresser and opened his drawer.  It was empty.

I couldn’t stand being in that room anymore.  I pulled on some clothes and jumped in my car.  I turned it on and slammed on the gas to get the hell out of there as fast as I could.  I ran down the road faster and faster.  Soon I was going 140.  I wouldn’t normally go that fast but at that point I didn't care if I crashed into something and was ripped into a million pieces.  Without even really thinking about it I pulled into my favorite bar.  I went in and found a seat.

3 hours later I had downed 8 beers and 6 shots of vodka.  I was so drunk I could hardly see straight.  I was done there so I figured I would drive around some more.  I stood up and clumsily fished my keys out of my pocket.  “Hey buddy, I don’t think you’re in any condition to be driving,” I heard someone say.

I looked up and saw the bartender standing beside me.  “I’m fine,” I said.  

“I can clearly see that you are not fine.  You can hardly walk.  How in the hell do you expect to drive?”

“I’ll manage.”

“Not if I can help it.  I would feel terrible if you left here and got involved in an accident.”

“I wouldn’t.”

“Okay buddy.  I don’t usually do this, but you look like a nice guy who had a really bad day.  My apartment is about 2 blocks from here.  I’ll take you back there and you can stay until you sober up.”

I really didn’t know what to say.  I knew he was right about me being too drunk to drive.  He was kind of cute too.  He stood about 5’9 with light auburn hair and deep dark blue eyes.  He announced that the bar was going to close early and everyone had to leave.  He grabbed my wrist and I let him lead me out to the street.  He locked up and we walked the 2 blocks to his apartment building.  He didn’t let me go until we were standing at his front door.  I stumbled in and he helped me over to a white leather couch.  He knelt down and took my shoes and socks off.  Then he began to strip me down to my boxers.  “My name’s Owen.  What’s yours?” he asked.

“Jim,” I responded.

“I like that name.  If you need to piss or puke the bathroom is to your right.  If you need anything my bedroom is to the left.  Don’t hesitate to ask.”  He disappeared into his bedroom and I quickly drifted off to sleep.

When I opened my eyes I didn’t know where I was at first.  Then a few fuzzy memories came to me.  Then I realized I really had to piss.  I found my way to the bathroom.  I heard water running.  I figured Owen must be in the shower.  I was about to piss myself so I just walked in.  

When I was finished the water in the shower turned off and the curtain opened.  I looked over and saw Owen.  “I see you’re finally up,” he said with a grin.  I just stood there like an idiot and stared at him.  He was fucking beautiful.  His whole body was very well toned.  Then my eyes turned to see his limp dick dangling between his legs.  It was maybe 3”.  His hairy balls hung low and swung back and forth while he dried himself.

“How do you feel sunshine?” he asked.

I groaned in response.  I felt awful.  It felt like there was a jackhammer pounding in my head.  He smiled a knowing smile and took me into the kitchen.  He sat me down and poured me a cup of coffee.  “Do you feel like talking about it?”

“Talking about what?”

“About why you came into my bar last night and drank yourself into oblivion.  No one does that for no reason.”

“I screwed up royally and slept with someone and my boyfriend left me.”

“You must really love him.”

“I do.  That’s why I can’t believe what I did.  It was just a spur of the moment thing I wasn’t really thinking clearly.  I also think he blew it completely out of proportion.”

“Well he was probably hurt.  I think I would be too.  Maybe you should sit down and calmly explain things now that you’ve both had time to calm down.”

“He’s long gone by now.  He lives in Europe.”

“You never know.  I doubt he could have gotten a flight back in one night.  If you feel too sick to drive home I’ll take you home.”

“That’s very generous of you.”

“I did have a personal motive.  I noticed you from the moment you walked in.  I like you.  I’m not your boyfriend so I guess you don’t want anything to do with me, but that’s okay.”

“Well I would really appreciate it if you would take me home.  Then we’ll take it from there.”

We walked back to the bar and I got in the passenger side and gave him my keys.  I directed him back to my house.  “Wow,” he said when he saw it.  “This is a really nice house.”

“Thanks,” I said.

The first thing I noticed was Will’s car in the driveway.  My heart jumped up in my throat.  I figured he probably just came back after something he forgot.  “Do you want to come in?” I asked Owen.

“Sure!” he said.

We walked in the front door and into the living room.  I saw Will reclined on the love seat and Rebecca was on the recliner and she looked pissed.

To be continued…  