 It was easy to keep myself busy at work – too busy to have time to think about recent events. I made it all the way to five o'clock without once feeling the need to reexamine my sexuality or my relationship with my roommate but as soon as I walked into the door of the apartment, as soon as I laid eyes on that couch – the one that John had stretched back in just a couple of night ago while I sucked his cock for the first time – it all rushed back to me. 

I was both drawn to and repulsed by it. I sat down in his seat and turned the television on, flipping through the channels aimlessly. I couldn't get comfortable so I slid one seat down to the right, to the place I had been seated when my best friend made his odd proposal. That felt better. I leaned back and closed my eyes. I was waiting, but waiting for what I don't know.

John came home late from work that afternoon and he wasn't alone. He brought another man with him, whom he introduced in place of a greeting as soon as soon as he saw me on the couch. "This is Mike." He called, throwing his coat into the seat next to me.

Mike was a little taller than me and thinner but his build was lean and athletic rather than scrawny and soft like mine. He gave me a half-wave and put on his friendliest smirk. "Matt, right?" He asked me, reaching out his hand.

The door was too far from the couch to shake his hand without getting up, so I stood and walked to the door, taking his hand in mine. He gripped me firmly, staring me down with the confidence of a man twice his size. 

"So how do we do this?" He asked John, not letting go of my hand.

John pushed the door closed quietly and walked around me, plopping himself down beside his coat on the sofa. "Just whip it out, he'll drop to his knees like a moth to a flame, dude."

"Alright," Mike moaned, releasing his grip on my hand to grasp his zipper. "Let's get right to it, then." Without any further ceremony he pushed his pants down past his hips and pulled out his erection. It looked nothing like John's. It was a couple inches shorter and thin, almost sharp in appearance, and it angled sharply to the left. He backed up to the couch, leaning back against it for support. 

I just stood there, frozen. Never in a million years did I anticipate being in that situation.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" John asked. "You know the deal."

"Yeah, get on your knees, bitch, and suck this cock dry." He wrapped his hand around the base of his cock and shook it lewdly at me. I could already see precum gathering at the tip.

I wasn't sure how I felt about John using me the way he did, but this was utterly horrifying. What had he told this man about me? And who was this person to him anyway? I had never met Mike before. Was he another friend of John's I didn't know about, or was this just some stranger he thought might think it was funny that his roommate secretly liked sucking cock?

Mike put his hand on my shoulder and pushed down, not hard enough to actually force me to get into position, but enough to get the point across as to what he wanted me to do. I gave up, lowering myself to my knees. I didn't want to go down on him, but I didn't not want to go down on him either. It was that distinction that made it all worse. Three days ago this man would have had to hold a gun to my head to get me this far, but now at John's whim I was staring at the erection of a stranger from mere inches away.

He guided me forward and I opened my mouth, letting the head of his cock slip between my lips. I could hear his breathing change as my face grew closer to his hips and more of his manhood disappeared inside me. 

"Oh man, you were right," Mike groaned. "His mouth feels just like a hot bitch's"

"Better," John corrected. "All he wants to do is suck your cock. You don't have to pretend like you love him, or are gonna call him tomorrow. You don't even have to treat him like a fucking person."

Mike raised an eyebrow. "Is that right?" I saw the devilish grin spread across his face as he brought his hands to grip the back of my head where it met my neck. I knew what he was going to do before he even did it, but couldn't summon the confidence to resist. He lifted his hips, holding my head tightly as he drove his cock down my throat. He held me there for a moment, watching me choke and flail and then lowered his ass back down to the couch. He didn't wait to let me collect myself like John had, as soon as he was clear of my throat he thrust in again. Once more he watched me struggle before withdrawing himself and repeating the process again and again. Each time was slightly quicker than the last until he was plainly fucking my head.

"Does this bitch swallow?" He asked, smirking down at me.

John's response was half laugh. "Only one way to find out."

"Not like you have a choice," he said, looking down at me, and I felt the warm presence in my throat of fresh cum. His eyes locked onto mine. "Do you like that taste?" He asked, half question, half taunt. I instinctively swallowed, and he took that as an affirmative, but I didn't really taste his load until he lowered his hips and retracted his cockhead back onto my tongue. It tasted a lot like John's, and yet completely different, salty but thin with just a hint of sweetness.

He pushed me back gently and slid off the couch, pulling up his pants and replacing himself inside. "Damn, John, that was the best money I ever spent." He looked down at me and then back to my roommate. "I'm gonna take off. That's cool, right?"

My best friend nodded enthusiastically. "That's the best part."

Before I knew it the door was open and shut and I was alone with John. "What was that?" was all I could ask.

"I dunno," He answered. "We got to talking at work about women and all that and Mike agreed with me that a hole's a hole and all that really matters is getting off when we want to get off. I could tell he was the kind of idiot who would pay someone to do something they were dying to do anyway. I knew you'd like a little variety."

I licked my lips subconsciously. The only reason I know I did it was because it renewed the taste of Mike's cum in my mouth. "How much did you charge him?"

John turned back to the television. "Don't worry, I didn't charge him too much. I know you're not very good yet." That was all he would say on the subject. I never did find out exactly how much John charged Mike, but I didn't see a dime of it.

Silence filled the air. Not complete silence, the sound of the television mocked me with the laugh track from some 80s sitcom, but John clearly had nothing else to say on any subject. I walked around to the front of the couch but he didn't turn to look at me. I didn't know what more to do or say. The words that I eventually spoke shocked even me. "Do you want me to take care of you now?"

He grimaced. "No way, man. That guy just shot his load in your mouth, I'm not sticking my dick in there. That's totally gay, dude."

Equal parts relieved and disappointed; I exited to my bedroom and buried myself beneath the blankets.

The next day I woke up five minutes before the alarm went off, but instead of getting up and doing my normal before-work routine I reached over, unplugged the alarm, and climbed back under the covers. I didn't wake up again until I heard the apartment door slam, then I crept out to make sure John had left. Originally I had intended to call in sick to work, but I didn't want to hang around wondering what was in store for me next. At least at work I had other things to worry about.

Just before my shift ended I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. I had a text from John. He wanted me to meet him up the street at McDonalds. This wasn't an unusual occurrence, before recent events we used to grab dinner out together at least once a week. The invitation still felt odd. Every time I was around my roommate lately it seemed like it was all about blowjobs. What would it be like to hang out with him in public now? I made up my mind to confront him. In a public place we would at least be forced to use code so I wouldn't have to put into words what I had done for him yesterday, and he couldn't make me do it again before hearing my thoughts and feelings.

The whole drive there I rehearsed my speech. Things had gone too far. I just wanted to cut my losses and go back to the way things used to be. If I had to, I would move out and find a new apartment. Things were clearly spiraling out of control, and that was as much my fault as it was his. I climbed out of my car in front of the restaurant, the whole conversation already planned exactly the way I wanted it to play out, but as soon as I saw him standing outside I knew I was beat. I couldn't confront John that day. He wasn't alone.

Standing next to him was another man I had never seen before. He was the same height as John but chubby. Andrew, John introduced him as before waving me to follow them inside. We made awkward small talk while waiting in line to order. The weather had been nice, some sports team was doing better than another, and John did his usual act where he pretended he just realized he had forgotten his wallet. Usually I covered him, but Andrew stepped in and treated. He didn't seem too upset about it and so I knew that he was unfamiliar with John's routine.

We found a booth where I forced myself to eat a Big Mac and some french fries even though I wasn't really hungry. All I could do was watch Andrew eat and joke with John. He didn't seem like a bad guy and I wasn't opposed to meeting new people or making new friends. We seemed to have a lot in common and so there really was no reason for me to be so withdrawn and disconnected, except one. This wasn't just a social outing. I knew exactly what this was all leading towards. At some point that evening I was going to be made to get this man off.

After dinner John invited his new friend back to the apartment to play Xbox, and they followed me back home in Andrew's car. As soon as I pulled into the parking lot I fled up to the apartment but they were slow to come upstairs. So I sat patiently waiting, wondering if our guest would come and go as quickly as our last, or go through the pretense of playing video games for a while before he beckoned me between his legs.

The two were laughing as they walked through the door. I'd heard what sounded like the punch line to the joke but it didn't make any sense to me. It must have been an inside joke. John sat down next to me like absolutely nothing was out of the ordinary and fired up the Xbox via remote. I immediately knew it was going to be a long night.

Before the brand logo even left the screen, John turned to me. "Why don't you suck me off while I school this kid at Madden?" He said as if it were nothing.

It took me a moment to realize what he was saying, and even when I did all I could do was look back and forth between him and Andrew. "It's okay, man. He knows all about our little deal. You don't have to be embarrassed. Come get some of this cock, I know you're hungry for it."

Despite John's mocking reassurance, my face burned. I found myself frozen again, unsure what to do or how to act.

"Come on, get down here," He spoke firmly, much like he had that morning he called me into his room.

I obeyed, climbing onto the floor in front of him. I reached over and unbuttoned his jeans, sliding down the zipper. He lifted his ass in the air for me so I could pull down his pants, and I didn't stop tugging until they were around his ankles. He wasn't the least bit hard, but I didn't have to work too much to get his blood flowing. I ran my tongue across the head of his cock, teasing it, as I stroked his shaft. He put down the video game controller and pushed my head down with one hand, guiding me to his balls. I took them into my mouth and made them vibrate just the way he liked and he moaned in approval.

"Damn, dude." I heard Andrew say from somewhere behind me. "I thought you were pulling my leg."

"You still haven't seen the best part." My roommate tugged on my hair, forcing me to look up at him. "Swallow it." He commanded. And I did. I had gotten quite good at forcing cock down my throat, and it took little effort to push him balls deep into my mouth even while he was nearly erect.

"That is nuts." Andrew was clearly impressed. "How much to get in on the other end of this girl?" Andrew asked, rising from his seat on the couch. 

I remember the words this girl, were all I heard. The words resonated. He knew I was a guy right? The meaning of his statement was otherwise lost on me. My eyes rolled up to look at John just in time to see an evil grin cross his face. "You paid for my lunch," he said. "That's good enough for me."

"Well shit," Andrew laughed, "I like that price." He was behind me then, putting his hands on my hips and lifting me onto my feet before I knew what was going on. John held my head on his cock so I stood there, bent at a ninety degree angle. I knew what was coming then, but John held me tight, his cock still in my throat. I was starting to feel lightheaded from the lack of air. 

Andrew was reaching around me and yanking my pants down to my ankles. 

My roommate just smiled down at me, letting my head up to gather just enough air to clear my head before forcing me back down on his erection. I shook my head as best I could in protest, but he my desperation was lost on him. "Come on, I owe him for McDonalds. You've bought me lunch plenty of times before, what's the difference now?" He whispered. 

I felt my underwear slide down to my knees and calloused hands stroked my asscheeks gently. They disappeared for a moment and I heard a belt unbuckle and a zipper drop. A small gust of air caught my bare rear end as Andrew dropped his own pants, and then I felt an unmistakable presence pressing up against my back door. I heard him spit, and felt it land in the same place.

He spit again, and the pressure increased. Despite all common sense I didn't fight. This wasn't consensual, but it was hardly rape either. I just begged John with my eyes to make it stop, but he just stared on, clearly amused.

It wasn't long before I felt the gentle slap of Andrew's balls against my taint. Just like that my roommate had sold my virgin ass for the price of an extra value meal. 

He took it slow at first, sliding his length into me much deeper than I ever thought I was. I could feel my body stretching to accommodate him. He pulled out just as slow, and I heard and felt him spit on his dick again. Gradually the pace increased, but he restrained himself well. I had read stories online about men being fucked in the ass and the pain turning to pleasure. I never felt any pleasure, but I didn't really feel pain either. The best word I could use to describe the feeling of my first time with Andrew, besides humiliating, is uncomfortable.

John was getting off on my violation, or maybe the power he had over me. It wasn't just the amused look in his eyes as they locked onto mine, but I could feel his cock pushing further down my throat than it ever had before. He was even bigger than he had been on our first time. Not only that, but I could swear I felt his pulse on my lips. 

After a couple of minutes Andrew began grunting like a madman, and his grip on my hips tightened to the point that it hurt. I knew what was going to happen and I was terrified. A strange man was about to cum in my ass. I struggled, but John still had a firm hold on me. To my slight relief, Andrew pulled out suddenly and laid his cock on the crack of my ass, pointed upwards. Within seconds it felt like a warm rain was falling on my back.

"Holy shit," I heard Andrew moan behind me, followed by a rough slap on my ass. "You gotta break this bitch in, that was almost too tight."

John had been doing little more than regulating my breathing while his friend took me from behind, but now he expected me to service him properly. He loosened his grip so I could resume control. "Eh," he chirped. "We're a work in progress."

Andrew let go of me and leaned back, followed by the sound of shuffling clothing and a fastening zipper. "You mind if I shower here?" He asked shakily. "I don't want my wife... you know." 

"Yeah," John sang back. "Knock yourself out."

And just like that Andrew was gone and I was alone with John. "Did you like that? Taking cock at both ends? He shot a big load on your back," he asked. "I'm going to shoot a bigger one in your mouth." He held my head steady then, gripping me tightly by my hair. His back arched and his hips raised up and down at a slow pace, almost making love to my face. The sound of his labored breathing, my slurping and the running of the shower filled the room. 

"The towels on the rack are clean," John yelled as the sound of the shower gave out. Then he looked down at me. "After you swallow my load, you're going to crawl over and offer your mouth to Andy. That fatass has a lot of money and we're going to convince him to dump it into that sissy ass of yours, one Big Mac at a time if we have to." He laughed at his own joke, and then stopped as footsteps entered the room. In the same instant he forced my head down and moaned, unloading his balls down my throat. He hadn't been lying, watching me get taken by his new friend must have turned him on and I quickly overflowed, gasping and swallowing to try and keep semen from forcing its way into my sinuses. I could hear Andrew plop down on the couch to watch the show.

"What do you think?" I heard John ask, before I was even sure he was done orgasming. "Do you need a little detailing to finish cleaning up? On the house," he added.

Andrew shrugged. "Sure. I never turn down a blowjob."

John let go of me, and I leaned back, clearing my mouth of his cock for the first time in what felt like an hour. My jaw ached and my tongue was sore like a muscle after a long workout. The familiar sound of a zipper made me turn my head to the couch where Andrew sat and I watched him pull his manhood out of his pants. It was four inches long, but flaccid. I was glad I hadn't gotten a look at it before he fucked me, I would have been terrified. But I knew he couldn't have been as impressive at full growth as I would think he must be. He was a show-er, not a grower.

My roommate gave me a slight shove and I took the hint. I crawled over to Andrew, planting myself between his open knees. Immediately he placed a hand on the back of my head, pulling me toward the center of his body.

His cock was slightly damp from the shower, but it smelled nice; clean like soap. At least he had good hygiene. I didn't want to taste myself on him. I took the head of his prick into my mouth gingerly, working it over with my tongue. It was John's bodywash he had used, I suddenly realized. He smelled like my roommate. That was comforting.

Andrew's cock was slow to firm up, though I don't know if that was an appraisal of my skills or if he was spent from our last encounter but he seemed to be enjoying my work all the same. His hand never left the back of my head nor did his group loosen, but he leaned back as far as he could, holding me at a distance too close to bring his cock out of my throat any further than the back of my mouth. This made it difficult for me to use my hands to assist the process. I pushed him down my throat and back out again quickly. I wanted him to finish though I can't say for sure whether it was because I wanted this experience to be over or if I wanted to please the two men. I think it was somewhere in between.

It had taken mere minutes for him to get himself off the first time, but now it was taking forever. He didn't even seem to want to cum a second time. He just laid back, eyes closed, hips unmoving, enjoying the sensation of my mouth as I did all the work. Only his firm grip on the back of my head proved he was still awake.
