 This is a completely true story. I was a normal kid in high school. I was on the football team, although I usually didn't get to play. My grades were all right, and I had a brother who was two years younger than me that I occasionally fought with. 

My name is Jim, and I'm 6' 180lbs, short brown hair and blue eyes. There was one thing about high school that I knew was different from anyone else. Even though I was attracted to girls, I found myself very attracted to guys. I can remember sitting in a class room with a very good looking male teacher and me with a hard on, sitting there praying he wouldn't notice the way I was looking at him. Football practice was worse for me. While we were showering I was afraid to look at or make eye contact with anyone. I thought there was something seriously wrong with me.

I graduated high school and was accepted at a very good college. I remember the way my whole body shook as I arrived that first day and found the room I would be staying in the rest of the semester. I was incredibly nervous about meeting my roommate. As I walked into the room I noticed that there were suitcases sitting on one of the beds. I wondered where my roommate could be as I sat my things down on the other bed. I decided not to waste time and started to put everything in its proper place. 

Just as I finished I heard the door open. In stepped my new roommate, and he was wearing nothing but a towel! He was tall, about 6'2, with long dark blond hair and blue eyes. His whole body was very well toned and I guessed he worked out a lot. "Hi, you must be Jim," he said.

"Yes, I see you got here before me," I answered, my hands starting to tremble.

He smiled and went over to his bed. He let the towel drop to the floor to reveal the ass of a god. When he turned around and stooped to grab something out of his suitcase I caught a glimpse of his cock. It was as long soft as mine was hard! I took in a quick sharp breath and tried to act as if I never noticed. I was terrified that my now growing cock would give me away and he would kill me. This Greek god in front of me finished dressing and left again. I could tell this was going to be a long semester!

I began my classes and got settled in. My roommate introduced himself as William, but said I could call him Will. He sat and talked with me a lot those first few weeks. He said it would be a good idea if we got to know each other right away. He walked around in the nude quite often. I tried to always be clothed around him so he would never see me harden at the mere sight of him. I lived in complete fear for almost a month.

Then one night there were no parties to go to so we both sat in our room after dinner. He on his bed and me at the desk doing my advanced algebra homework. I have always had a hard time with algebra and that night was no exception. Will was lying flat on his back on the bed with his stereo turned up like he always did when he had nothing better to do. Suddenly I was aware of him looking over at me. I looked over his direction and gave him a little smile. The thought of him looking at me immediately made my cock become erect. I squirmed in my chair a little trying to act perfectly calm. 

"You having trouble with that?" he asked.

"Yeah, I've always had trouble with math," I answered.

"Why don't you take a break then?"

"I need to get this done and it will probably take me all night." I said, still looking down at my paper.

"Every time I see you you're doing your homework. Don't you think you deserve a break?"

"I need to keep my grades up or my father will disown me."

He let out a little laugh and said, "I stopped trying to please my father years ago. Would you at least accept a little help from me?"

"Sure, I guess. Are you any good at algebra?"

"I'm doing all right in that class I suppose."

He got up off the bed and walked over to stand behind me. He leaned over my shoulder and looked at my work. Suddenly I felt his crotch brush against my shoulder and I felt a bulge! While he was standing there leaning over me I began to shake a little. "You cold?" he asked.

"No, I uh, not really."

He smiled and continued to look through my textbook. Then I felt his bulge pressing against my shoulder yet again! This time I was sure it was deliberate. My heart was pounding and my mind was racing. It came to my mind that I had never seen this young man leaning over me with any girls. I never thought about it before but it seemed odd. At the time he seemed to be the sexiest man alive! Now he was pressing a massive hard on against my shoulder! I heard stories about men fooling around with other men in college, but that wasn't me, I wasn't gay, was I?

Finally I couldn't control myself any more. I reached up with my hand and rubbed his erection through his pants. It jumped a little at my touch and it excited me. I was soon aware of a hand not my own rubbing my cock through my jeans! I looked up at his face to see him looking back at me with a big smile on his face.

He grabbed my wrists and pulled me to my feet. He led me over to his bed and stopped and looked me up and down. A million questions were running through my mind but when I opened my mouth he placed his finger over it signaling me to be quiet. 

He slipped off his shirt revealing to me his sculpted chest. Next came his pants and boxers falling to his feet. He stepped out of them and undressed me so I was standing completely naked before him. He gently guided me to lie down on his bed face up. He took my stiff 8" cock in his hands and began to slowly stroke it. Soon I felt his tongue circle around the head and slide down to the base. He did this for a while then inhaled the entire thing into his throat. I closed my eyes, relaxed, and enjoyed. He worked on me like a pro and brought me to the edge of climax, then he stopped. He stood up to give me a glimpse of his manhood. Fully erect he had to be at least 12"!

He jumped up onto the bed and straddled my face. He took my cock back into his mouth and pressed his own to my lips. I wasn't sure I could take it but I opened my mouth as wide as I could. My jaw ached as he stuffed it in as far as it would go. I gagged and he pulled out a little. I brought my hands up and wrapped them around the base. I had never felt another man's cock before but it felt good. I could feel the heat radiating from it. I took as much of it as I could in my mouth while stroking the rest with my hands. I knew I must have been doing something right because I could hear him moan with delight. 

He brought me to the edge of climax and stopped again. I moaned in disappointment but reluctantly let his manhood slide from my mouth as he got up. He sat on the bed next to me and said, "I want you to fuck me."

Those words echoed in my mind for a moment. I almost couldn't believe it. He got on all fours and stuck his ass up in the air. I stood up behind him and placed the tip of my wet cock against his ass hole. Slowly I pushed the head into him. He cried out and I couldn't tell if it was in pleasure or pain. Since he was pressing back against me I decided it was pleasure and I continued to push into him. Once all the way in I stood still for a moment reveling in the sensation. His hole was tight and warm, much better than any pussy I ever had. 

I slid in and out of him, slowly at first, but picking up the pace. I was in heaven as I felt the walls of his colon grip my cock when I slid out. I pumped faster and faster being turned on by his moans of pleasure. Soon my balls were slapping against his as I pounded his hot tight ass. He bucked back against me like a wild man, his breath coming in ragged gasps. I was panting hard as I came closer and closer to orgasm. I felt my cum rising in my balls and I sped up. I let out a deep moan as cum shot out of me deep into his waiting ass. Spurt after spurt shot out of me and ran out his ass and down the back of his leg. When it was over I collapsed on top of him from exhaustion, leaving my softening cock still in him. We both lay there panting trying to catch our breath for what seemed like forever. Finally I got up and pulled out of him. I looked down at his gaping hole with my cum dripping out of it. I couldn't believe he really enjoyed that. I saw he was asleep so I just moved back over to my bed. We would have a lot to talk about in the morning. As I drifted off to sleep I thought that maybe this semester wasn't going to be so bad after all.