 I posted a story about how I had my first and only gay experience 8 years ago when I was 19 years old. It got me craving to be a bottom again so I decided to do something about it.

I decided to text an acquaintance of mine who I know was a total top who just broke it off with his boyfriend. His name is Sam, 35 years old, 6 foot 3 about 190 lb white with thick brown hair. 

Last night at 7, I texted Sam to invite him over to my house essentially a booty call. Some instantly replied he would be there at 9 and asked if he could bring anything. I told him he could bring his big hard cock and to his surprise you responded by saying that he didn't know I was gay. We texted back and forth a little bit about what my fantasies were. Finally he just said let's quit texting and experience them in person.

I only had about 30 minutes to get ready I shaved a few hairs I was embarrassed of and quickly douched. My doorbell rang about 10 minutes after getting out of the shower and there was sound standing in the door with a bottle of wine.

I invited him in and told him to be comfortable on the couch and grab some wine glasses. He sat down and put his feet up on the couch which I found a little awkward but I wasn't really caring right now about manners. I came back with wine glasses and reports in our glasses and did a cheers to a good night. We each had a sip of wine Sam started to move closer to me. I looked up at him and put my hand to the side of his head and we kissed. He had a little bit of stubble which I found quite sexy and manly. We did a little bit of tongue his hands made their way to my ass. I am pretty fit and have a pretty firm ass which I wasn't sure if you would like or not as his ex was a little heavier. Whatever the case, I put my wine down and turned my back to him and pulled his arms around my chest. I felt his cock growing harder in his pants as it pressed up against my ass. I turned my head back and kissed him. 

He told me I was a big upgrade from his ex, John. Because I am 6 years younger, more fit, and have a nicer shaped face. This boosted my confidence. I told him I had some fantasies about him, which was true. He put his hands under my shirt and lifted it off. And I responded with asking him to continue. He followed up by removing my pants and boxers, here I laid completely naked in front of him. As my cock was near his face he told me flat out that he doesn't suck cock or take it in the ass, and made sure that I was going to be the bottom tonight, as he is all man. I assured him that I knew he was a total top, and his ex was the bottom. We proceeded to kiss, his fingers started to go towards my ass crack. To which point, hygiene went through my mind and I asked to go to the bedroom instead so at least I could wash my sheets after. 

We went to the bedroom and I unzipped his jeans and removed his boxers and jeans. His cut cock was about 8 inches and pointing up to me. He moved his cock towards my mouth and I urgently put it in my mouth. I started with a rhythm right away, stroking it with my right hand which was pressed tight against my lips to give him maximum contact. As I sucked him, he moaned away, I looked up into his eyes and they were shut. I kept going, looking up at his face as my head and hand kept in bobbing up and down his shaft. Finally he opened his eyes and we made eye contact. He started putting his hands through my hair. His breathing started to increase and I knew what that meant. I was actually craving him in my ass, but this was a huge turn on for me so I kept going. He told me he was going to cum and I went even harder. His cock erupted in my mouth. Shooting spurt after spurt of cum. I loved it. I opened my mouth and looked up at him, then closed my mouth, swallowed and showed him. 

He wouldn't kiss me after as he didn't want to taste his own cum, which I couldn't blame him for. I asked him how he liked it, to which he replied that he hadnt had anyone swallow his cum for years, as he was loyal to John for 10 years and John wouldnt give head, and always insisted on using condoms. I told him that the thought of another man's cum turns me on. 

I asked Sam to join me in the living room to finish our wine. We laid back and I told him that I kind of wanted him to fuck me in the ass but loved sucking him and taking a load in the mouth. He said he probably would be good in 30 minutes to go again, if I could wait that long. We finished our wine and talked about sports and tv shows and before I knew it, over an hour passed. Though I was enjoying his company and conversation, the real purpose was sex and I made that clear. 

"So Sam, shall we move this to the bedroom?" He went to retrieve his pants and pulled a condom out of the pocket. I told him not to put it on quite yet. And grabbed him by the hand and pulled him in. His cock was still soft so I started to stroke it and leaned in to kiss him but he pulled away and said he still won't kiss me until after I wash out my mouth as he still believed I had his cum in my mouth. I wasn't offended as he was essentially rejecting himself from my point of view. Instead I asked him if I could suck his cock a little to get it hard and he agreed. I went to my knees and sucked him as he quickly grew harder. Not wanting to get carried away and blow him to completion again, I got on hands and knees and flexed my butt cheeks so they were somewhat spread. He went to grab the condom but I asked him if he would rather bareback me. He eagerly said yes and assured me he was clean. I stayed in position as he grabbed some lube and squirted some on my asshole and some on his cock. Then I felt his hands on my ass and the head of his cock pressing against my asshole. 

It had a tough time going in as I was really tight. Eventually he worked the head of his cock in me and when it went in, I let out a yelp of stun. He thrusted slowly and gently, working his way deeper into me. I felt a sensation like I never feel, he must have been hitting my nerve endings. He thrusted in and out a little faster now, and I grew more accustomed to his large cock being in my ass. I told him to pump harder and moved my hips back to meet his thrusts. After what seemed like an eternity, it was probably 15 minutes, he changed positions and laid me flat on my stomach and put lots of weight on me. I liked the feeling of him surrounding me but had trouble moving, so I let him do most of the work. I clenched my ass to intensify the feeling for me, it felt like thousands of neurons were transmitting pleasure signals to my brain and at this point I started getting hard myself. I reached my hand under me and started stroking myself. The rhythm of his pounding my ass compounded my stroking and whatever was happening back there was really affecting my own sexual arousal and within a short period of time I yelled out "I'm cumming!" 

Sam loved that he made me cum. He asked me where he should shoot his load and I told him inside me. He drained his cock in me, leaving me with a messy creampie. He pulled out and some of his cum was still sticking to his cock. He was smiling, saying how much he loved it, and I was glowing with happiness. 

I excused myself to go to the washroom and quickly brushed my teeth. It was now midnight and to be honest, I kind of wanted him to go home, though I wanted more sex with him again in the future. 

Luckily for me, he said he had better get going so I didn't have to kick him out. I told him I really enjoyed the night and would like to do it again. Finally we kissed. As he was leaving he said the next time we see each other, he won't be kissing me goodnight. :)