 Disclaimer: Fiction

After two years of having worked full time for my overbearing employer, he finally decided to gift me a full week of paid time off for vacation, and I wanted to make the most out of it.

Having browsed through numerous vacation deals online I had come to the bitter conclusion that I had no one to take with me.

After having given all of myself to my newly found career including overtime and weekends, I found myself with no genuine friends or love interests to go on vacation with.

I browsed through beach towns and other travel packages. I could go alone, I thought, but could not imagine myself taking my mind off of my career and goals enough to actually sit somewhere new alone by myself and enjoy it.

Then I stumbled into Singles/Dating cruises and other destinations. Hmm, I had dated occasionally here and there. Mostly women from work and those relationships were very cold and passionless. I've occasionally hooked up with guys before but was never interested in an actual relationship beyond just sex. Then there was the actual schlepping around and following an itinerary. After spending hours commuting to and from work every day, I didn't want to spend my vacation waiting in lines and sitting on busses. 

Instead of pandering to popular ideas of "vacations", what If I just spent the week doing something just for me, I thought. Now what was something I've been craving to do but have never had the time or nerves to do?

Eventually my search had come up empty and it was starting to get late, so I pulled up some porn in a new window and started jerking off to relax before going to sleep.

One of the men in the scene I was watching was a young white guy with his face down naked on the bed and the other man had dark black skin with sagging jeans on and his dick sticking out over them, pounding the white guy in the ass until he filled his hole with hot gooey cum.

That's when the idea hit me. I am single, still young, and will have a full week completely to myself. I am totally unattached due to my work life, so I should do something wild, something that I can remember and think about during my long boring work hours and something exciting that I really wanted to do.

The answer was sitting right at the tip of my lips: Hooking up with a black guy.

I love the thought of sharing an intense moment of joy with a stranger. While I fucked a girl from work not that long ago, It had been a while since I've had any dick and I was craving it, but I was too scared to meet local guys and getting called out or seen somewhere.

I don't know what it is about seeing dark skin on light skin but that is to me one of the hottest turn-ons I know.

Suddenly I didn't feel tired anymore. My heart was racing and my dick was hard. In an attempt to keep the excitement alive building up to my time off, I decided to get a head start and be ready. That same night I took a drive to a local store and picked up some lube, condoms, and some mouthwash. I then drove back home and started planning out a way to do this.

I decided to pick a location, far away from where I live so no one would recognize me, but close enough so I wouldn't have to drive more than an hour or so. I settled for a city 2 hours drive away with a little bit of a scary/inner city vibe to it, but that also assured me there would be plenty of black guys around for me to fulfill my sexual fantasy.

I booked a motel in that town, and posted on a couple of online classifieds that I was on a bi male on a business looking to blow off some steam by getting topped. I added that I would be in the area for a couple of days and that I was looking for some no-strings-attached quick hookups. I took a pic of my hard dick and a pic of my ass and uploaded them

I was getting worked up and finally ejaculated all over myself thinking about the hot daring and crazy hot week I had planned ahead. All doubting aside, there was no backing-out now.

The day finally came. My alarm rang at 8am and my anticipation drove me right out of bed. I showered, dressed, packed my car, and hit the road.

On my way there I decided to install a couple of apps on my phone to improve my odds of hooking up. I downloaded apps like grinder and made up some quick profiles.

Meanwhile, my list of replies from the personals ads was getting longer and longer as the day went by. Some of the replies had pictures attached. Some of them had faces, some of them hard cocks, and some had non nude pics. Those that didn't have pics had some very dirty suggestive messages. Almost all of them wanted to fuck me.

As I was driving into that city, before I even got to the motel, I got a message on one of the hookup apps.

Someone texted me with a pic of his dick attached and the words: "I want fuck ur ass now, my place?"

I couldn't believe how big it was. it looked like a good 9" of hard black cock. He went on to say that he was 34, 6'1, 230 and was looking for someone to come over and suck his dick and let him fuck them.

Without hesitating, I replied with a pic of my ass and told him I was white, 5'8 160 with a 6' dick. Less than a minute later he replied with an address and told me to come into the building and knock on his apartment door.

After driving to the neighborhood and seeing the building he lived in, I seriously thought about backing up. It looked like one of those huge projects buildings you would see in the background of a 90's movie about crimes or gangs. I was scared but I was extremely horny looking at his pic so I decided to park and start walking towards the building.

The indoor looked awful and dirty. The floors were paved with what looked like ugly 70's bathroom tiles and the elevators smelled like pee. There were some people hanging around the elevator entrance and they looked at me funny. I wasn't sure whether to feel scared or humiliated. Had he told others what was going on? I didn't want to know.

I got off the elevator at his floor and found his door. I knocked but nobody answered. I stood there for a minute wondering if it might have been some sort of prank or if the guy found someone else to hook up with, but those concerns left me the instant I heard someone turn the knob and open the door.

There he was. Huge tall guy. He was wearing a hoodie and some loose pajama pants. I looked at him and said hey. He just shrugged and told me to get inside, no hello, no smile, no nothing.

As soon as I walked in past him, he shut the door and told me to get on my knees.

Without saying anything else, he pulled his dick out in one swift motion. It was semi-hard and just as long and thick as in the picture. He grabbed the back of my head and started pushing the tip of his dick in my mouth.

He was aggressive but in a way that I really enjoyed. He got harder as I sucked on the head and eventually started tryin to ram it in deeper.

His cock was so large and thick I could barely get a little bit past the tip in there and he repeatedly tried to get me to take it deeper as he held my head in his firm grip and mouth-fucked me as hard as he could, all the while I was trying to hold his cock back with both hands so he wouldn't hurt me.

I thought he was going to get angry and tell me to leave when he started face-fucking me harder and grunting about until he started oozing pre-cum. He then pushed me off his dick and to the floor, where he turned me around and stuck my face right in the dirty brown carpet.

He pulled the top of my pants down to my knees, boxers included in one fell swoop and began to ram his dick in my hole. I let out a scream so loud that apartments two floors up could have heard it.

"Your tighter than I thought, slut." he blurted as he pulled the tip of his dick out and let out a huge blob of spit right into my now-widened asshole.

He went on to spit on his own dick, and then before I could reposition myself he rammed right back into me, this time with slightly less force. After a few humps the pain started dissipating and I tried to hold on to dear life while he continued to fuck me in my tight ass while yelling out slurs at me, calling me a whore, cunt slut and all sorts of other names.

"Daddy bout to fill you with seed" He yelled with a deep frantic voice as he came string after string of hot cum deep inside me, jerking my whole body and face down into the carpet with every squirt.

I laid there, shivering with my ass dripping with cum, in disbelief of what had just happened.

Yes, I expected some fun, but not so much fun and not so quickly. He fucked my ass so hard that I may have to take the rest of the day off to recover.

Before I could even get up, he put his dick back in his pants and threw a rag at me.

"Get the fuck out of here before I fuck you up", he said.

I wasn't sure what to think. He looked angry so I quickly pulled my pants back up and left.

My ass and thighs were still sticky with cum and my pants were doused in it, so I decided to skip the elevator and take the stairs down.

The staircase looked dark and creepy, but I ended up making quick work of half the floors until I ran into 2 guys that were just standing the dark almost as they were waiting for me.

I wasn't sure if my hookup had clued them in or if they just saw me or heard me coming down the stairs but one of them got close to me and smelled me.

"Yea, smells like baby juice," he mumbled, giving me a weird look .

I ran past them and back to my car and drove off to the motel. As I was standing in the bathroom, I took my clothes off and ran the hot water in the shower. I looked at myself in the mirror and fingered my asshole. It smelled like another man's cum. The smell was so hot I got into the shower and had to jerk off thinking about what I had just done and dreaming about what I was going to do the next couple of days while i'm staying in the area. Off to a surprisingly good start.