 I held his hand tightly as I walked to the dining hall with him.  My whole body shook.  As we took the first step into the dining hall I took a good look around.  The table was at least 30ft long and every chair was filled, except two.  I felt every eye on us as we moved to our seats.  Will seemed perfectly calm and I hated him for it.  

Conversation was going on all around us.  Some of it was in English, but a lot of it was in French.  I only knew a few French words so I had no idea what they were saying.  It started to get to me a little.  

It wasn’t long before I realized I was starving.  I hadn’t eaten anything since breakfast.  I had been hungry all afternoon but I was a little too shy to say anything about it.  I normally wasn’t so uncomfortable with Will.  Maybe it was the strange setting.

Finally a salad and a roll was placed in front of each of us.  That was when I noticed I had four forks.  We had never been formal at my house so I had no clue what to do.  I looked over at Will to see which fork he picked up and did the same.  I mirrored him the entire meal.  He noticed it and smiled over at me.  Conversation was still going on all around but I was too nervous to speak.  

After the meal we all just sat there and continued to talk.  I continued to sit there hardly daring to move.  Will tried to comfort me my placing his hand on my upper thigh.  I did feel some calmer, but not calm enough to talk to anyone.  

After what seemed like an eternity we were all led to a spacious room.  The only light in the room came from a huge crystal chandelier that dimly glowed and tall standing candleholders that were placed around the room with lit candles.  From an unseen source came the melody of an orchestra playing Christmas carols.  

Couples danced to the soft soothing music.  Will gently grabbed my hand and led me onto the dance floor.  He took my right hand in his and put his arm around my waist.  “I’ve never danced like this before,” I warned him.

“It’s easy,” he assured me, “just follow my lead.”

I felt strange dancing with another man, but I did my best to follow him.  I stepped on his feet a few times and we both chuckled a little over it.   I got the hang of it quickly and we danced for hours.  

I was getting a little tired of dancing and I could tell he was too.  He released his grip of me and led me over to where his parents were sitting.  “Mother, Father, James is tired so we’re going to retire to our room now,” he said to them.  He kissed his mother on the cheek and we hurried back to the bedroom.  

Once there he went straight for the stereo on the desk.  He popped in one of his favorite CD’s and put it to his favorite song and hit the repeat button.  He turned around and started back toward me.  When he reached me his clothes were completely off.  He pinned me against the wall and kissed me deeply pushing his tongue in my mouth.  Before I knew it my clothes were completely off too.  Our cocks rubbed together with the rest of our bodies and were immediately rock hard and throbbing.  

He broke our kiss and dropped to his knees.  He engulfed my throbbing meat into his mouth.  I closed my eyes and leaned back against the wall.  He lovingly bobbed up and down on my manhood while he let his hands explore the rest of my body.  His right hand cupped my balls and squeezed them gently while his other hand went to caress my ass cheeks.  I was surprised at how sensitive they were.  Then his fingers spread my cheeks and the tip of one finger lightly brushed against my hole.  The sudden rush of pleasure made me jump.  Will just looked up at me and smiled.  

I whined in disappointment when he let my cock slip from his mouth.  He stood up and took me over to the bed.  He laid me down so that my ass was at the edge.  He leaned over and began kissing me again.  I heard a drawer open and felt him reach for something but I didn’t pay much attention to it at the time.  He took my legs and put them on his shoulders.  All of a sudden I felt something cold being put on my ass.  Then I felt a finger slide in and wiggle around.  I was really enjoying his finger so I pushed against it trying to get more of his beautiful finger in me.  I was even more excited when the first finger was joined by a second.  I wrapped my arms tightly around his neck and moaned into his mouth while I sucked on his tongue.  Then he added a third finger.  That’s when it began to hurt a little.  The pain didn’t last long though.  

He removed his fingers and stood up for a while.  It was dark but I could just make out him squeezing something into his hand and rubbing it on his cock.  My heart jumped up into my throat.  My mind drifted back to last night before we left.  The two men in the back alley plunging hard into me the severe pain ripping through me.  And Will was so much bigger than they had been!  What was he trying to do to me!  

He could feel my labored breathing when we leaned back down over me.  “Relax,” he said.  “I love you and I need and want to make love to you.  I know I’m big but I’ll go slow because hurting you is the last thing I want to do.”

Then I felt the head of his cock press against my puckered ass.  My whole body tensed up and my heart started to pound.  He kissed me again and pushed hard until just the massive head was inside.  I jerked in pain and started rolling around and tensing up even more.  I wanted to scream but everyone would’ve heard and come running.  

He held me down and started to slowly push in.  I was in pure agony and tears were rolling down my face.  After what seemed like an eternity he was the whole way in.  He paused there and started kissing my neck and shoulders.  It felt like someone had shoved a lit torch up my ass and it was burning me alive from the inside.  If he didn’t want to hurt me what in the hell did he think he was doing!  His hand reached around and grabbed my still hard cock and began to stroke it.  It helped a little with the pain.  

The pain subsided a little after a few minutes.  He began to slowly pull out.  It felt like all my guts were going to be sucked out my poor ass hole.  He pulled out until only the head remained inside.  Now I felt empty.  After a few moments he slowly shoved back in and filled me up again.  It felt good to be filled again.  

He started a slow rhythm pumping in and out while his tongue and hands roamed around the rest of my body.  The pain wasn’t as bad now and I was feeling an odd pleasure spreading through me.  I finally started to relax and enjoy.  When he felt me relax he quickened his pace.  While he humped my ass his body rubbed against my cock creating even more pleasure.  Only now could I understand how a man could enjoy being filled with fuck meat.  I moaned in spite of myself and started to push back against him to meet his thrusts.  

Soon I felt his pace quicken.  I could tell that he would cum soon.  I’ve always wondered what it would feel like.  Well I was about to find out.  He kissed me hard and drilled into me like an animal.  I arched my back and lifted my ass up a little so he could thrust deeper.  His breathing came in ragged gasps and sweat dripped down his chest onto me.  Then he cried out and I felt a warm liquid squirt deep in my bowels.    The excitement was too much for me.  Cum squirted from over excited cock all over his chest and the bed.

He fell on top of me drenched and sweat and panting heavy.  I could still feel his slowly softening cock still deep inside me.  I just lay there and enjoyed the feeling of his hot body touching mine.  I relaxed and soon fell asleep.

I woke up early the next morning.  I still felt Will’s body close to me.  I hugged him close and nuzzled his neck.  I could still smell the scent of sex on him and it excited me all over again.  He stirred and rolled over.  His eyes opened and he crawled back on top of me.  His blue eyes looked deep into mine and he leaned down and kissed me.  “I love you so much,” he whispered in my ear.

“I love you too.” I whispered back.