 At the time of my seduction I was a 18 year old total virgin, I had never got much further than heavy petting with a girl and never even thought about blokes. I had gone to a quiet country pub for a drink with some mates like we had done many times before. It was a nice warm summers evening and we had a few pints and played darts until closing time. When we left we had to walk to the end of the lane to a small car park on the edge of a forest that the local people used for walking their dogs, before turning in for the night.

We stood chatting for a while in the light from a full moon, until one by one people left leaving just my old school friend Tony and I chatting in the moonlight, when Tony, who I found out latter had some experience with other blokes, suggested we walk as we chatted and headed off down the smaller of the three paths leading from the car park into the woods with me following.

As we slowly walked and chatted through the woods he turned the conversation onto girls and sex, asking how far I had got with my current girlfriend and how long I thought it would be before I had sex with her. As I was replying that it was early days he turned off onto a smaller path and asked if I had got as far as playing with her tits yet, I replied that as I really liked her I was taking it slow and careful so as not to scare her off.

He must have planned what was coming, as he said, "follow me" and turned off the path pushing his way through a dense thicket of Rhododendron's.

I said, "Why are we going in here?" As I innocently turned to follow him. Tony said, "you'll see." After struggling through the dense foliage I entered a small clearing about fifteen feet in diameter with a large Oak tree stood in the centre. I walked over to Tony who was leaning against the tree took out and lit a cigarette and leaned back against the tree next to him as he resumed chatting.

Talk about naive, there I am, late at night finishing a cigarette in a secluded clearing as Tony is talking about how wet his girlfriends pussy gets, eating her out, blow jobs etc. I am being seduced. Then as I am carefully putting out my cigarette he changes the conversation as he turns towards me and says, "Are you getting horny?

"What do you mean?" I reply.

Tony says, "I bet your cocks getting nice and hard like mine, isn't it?"

Before I can answer Tony has stepped in front of me and starts to rub my cock through my clothes. For a few moments I am so surprised at the turn of events that I say and do nothing. Then I suddenly realise what is happening to me, close to a road and only a few feet away from well used footpaths in a public wood.

My mind is in a turmoil, I want Tony to stop but I am scared of being heard and caught like this. So quietly for fear of attracting a strangers attention I tell Tony he must stop, its not right, I am not gay as I struggle to get his hands off my now hardening cock. For some reason I never thought of pushing him off or hitting him to get him to stop.

I couldn't understand why my cock was getting so hard; I didn't fancy him or any bloke for that matter. As we struggled with me continuing to quietly plead with him to stop and keep his hands off my cock he managed to unzip my fly, push down the front of my underpants and grip the middle of my rigid cock.

My struggling reduced as he got a grip on my bare hard cock and he sensed it and started telling me "you have a nice cock, its nice and hard, you like me holding your cock, you want me to make you cum?" As he was saying this he moved his grip to the top of my cock and pulled the foreskin back exposing my sensitive purple knob, which he started to rub gently with his thumb.

Because of the feelings he was causing in my cock I had stopped struggling now and just kept quietly telling him "stop, we mustn't, its not right, let me go."

He took no notice and continued to rub his left thumb over my now leaking knob, as he undid my trousers with his other hand and pushed them down with my underwear until they fell to my ankles. He then undid and dropped his own trousers and underwear.

I just stood there absolutely still, resigned to my fate, knowing that what he was doing was wrong but enjoying the exquisite pleasure his hand and thumb were causing on my now aching, leaking cock.

Tony knew he had won now and put my hand on his cock. I knew what he wanted but didn't dare move, so he wrapped my fingers round his cock and started pulling my hand up and down his long cock as he now started to use my leaking precum to lubricate my knob and put more pressure on his thumb as he circled the underside of my cock.

I was lost in the pleasure he was raising in my cock, my whole being seamed to be focused in and controlled by the sensations in my cock. I started to wank his cock, stopping every now and then to rub my thumb over his knob like he was doing to me. After a few minutes I could feel his copious precum lubricating his knob and shaft causing my hand to loose grip so I gripped him tighter and started to wank him faster.

As I felt his cock swell slightly and begin to twitch he let go of my cock and pulled my hand of his cock as he sank to his knees. I stood there leaning back against the tree with my hard aching cock flat against my stomach, wondering what he was going to do now.

As he knelt before me, he reached up with both hands and pulled my cock down horizontal and started to wank me with long slow, sensous strokes, pulling my foreskin back so far it was almost painful. I had done a lot of wanking since my early teens, and I thought "what's he playing at, I will never cum if he doesn't start going faster."

I found out as Tony leaned forward and started to lick all the precum off my cock shaft and his hands, before concentrating on my leaking knob. I remember thinking of the blow jobs he had been talking about and thought no way would he do that to me.

I was snapped out of my thoughts by Tony slowly slipped my cock past his lips as he swirled his tongue around my knob and then around the shaft as he slowly took my six inch cock fully in his mouth till by balls were on his chin. The exquisite sensations this caused bordered almost in pain, I closed my eyes tight and bit my bottom lip to avoid screaming in pleasure at my first ever blowjob.

He used his left hand to keep my foreskin pulled right back as he started to bob his head up down the whole length of my cock using his tongue to tease whatever went past it at the same time. I just leaned there against the tree with my eyes shut in sexual ecstasy unaware that he was wanking his own cock with his other hand.

As I got close to cumming I was incapable of anything other than panting and moaning in extasy as quietly as I could at what he was doing to my cock with those angel lips of his. My legs went weak and started trembling as I pumped my first jet of cum into Tony's mouth.

Tony pulled my cock from his mouth and aimed the remaining jets of my cum at his face and open mouth as he continued to wank himself and me. As my fifth jet of cum landed on his forehead Tony groaned and sunk his mouth back over my cock as he to started to cum all over my bare legs. As he finished cumming he thoroughly licked my cock clean before standing up and getting dressed.

Once he was dressed he used a hanky to wipe my cum off his face and then passed it to me and said "Clean up and get dressed! Hope you enjoyed that and want more soon?"

I didn't reply at first as he had done such a good job on me it took several minutes for me to recover enough to talk or dress. When I did reply I said, "Yes I want more."

Prologue.

That was 37 years ago and even after all this time I get a hard on thinking about it. Until we both married we used to meet about once a week somewhere secluded for sex, which progressed to rimming and anal. After we married it reduced to about once every two weeks either somewhere secluded or at either of our houses until the kids got older and put a block on us using our houses.

Since then it's about once every three weeks either somewhere secluded or a hotel. And before you think we are gay we are not. We both like and try for as much female sex as possible, but women place restrictions and do things differently. Sex with another man is more open and only another man knows exactly how to arouse and tease another man.