 Let me start this off by saying that I am not gay. I have never had a gay experience until, this happened. It will never happen again and I am getting married next weekend. 

I'm putting this experience down in writing because out wedding counselor from the church suggested that if I write this down I can use it for strength if I am ever tempted again.

My name is Phenix, I'm twenty-eight years old, I'm a carpenter by trade and I live in the suburbs of Nashville, Tennessee. I'm getting married next weekend to the love of my life Laura. My wife to be, Laura and I decided to abstain from sex for three months leading up to our wedding day as a way to prepare ourselves and as a bit of a sacrifice. I am Catholic (I have a tattoo of the cross on my left arm) and I'm an active member of my church. This is my confession.

It was a Sunday afternoon, exactly a week before the wedding and Laura was called in to work at the last minute (she is a nurse so she gets asked to fill in occasionally. Laura's brother was already in town with his boyfriend, yes, her brother Max is gay and is no longer an active member of the church and he was staying at Laura's parents house. Her folks now live in Florida full time but they still have the family house here in Tennessee and it is beautiful. It has an amazing pool and you can see the river from the house. Since I had a few hour to kill I thought I'd swing by and hang out by the pool with Max and his boyfriend Alexander.

When I arrived, Max and Alexander were in the pool. They were wearing speedo style swim trunks, I told you they were gay right, haha. While those guys were in the pool I was just chilling in one of the pool chairs. I was thinking it was a shame I didn't bring my trunks because it was in the mid nineties.

It was just as I was thinking that when Max piped up and told me how good the water was. He asked why didn't I join them? I told him I didn't bring my suit.

Max said he had a spare one, it might be a little tight he warned me but the water looked too good to be missing out. Max returned with these tiny green and white speedo style swim trunks. No, no, no. That isn't for me. I was happy to just chill out sitting beside the pool but the two guys encouraged me. No way I would have put those tiny speedos on if Laura, or anyone else for that matter, had been there but it was a couple of gay guys and they were wearing similar swimwear.

I ducked behind the pool shed and changed into Max's spare speedo.

It was unbelievably tight. Max is a lot smaller than me and I'm a boxers guy so this did not feel right. I walked out to the pool feeling naked with this little scrap of material covering, more like squashing, my junk. Max and Alexander were hooting and hollering enjoying my obvious discomfort. I got in the pool as quick as I could. The water was amazing and the ten seconds of embarrassment was worth it to get in the pool.

The three of us were just chilling out in the pool. With the water at our waist it was just like three normal guys hanging out. That was when it started to get out of hand.

Totally out of the blue, Max decides to get out of the pool.

It seemed like he was strutting like he was a model on the catwalk and his boyfriend Alexander enjoyed the view. I was just feeling more and more awkward.

Alexander and I started talking about arses. I had to admit, Max and his sister both had great arses. Small, petite and firm. They both have similar builds I suppose.

Then Max took off his speedo swimsuit and again gave us both a bit of a show and he bent over slowly sliding the wet lycra swim briefs down to his ankles. Yes, I was feeling more and more uncomfortable. Alexander must have seen how I was getting close to just leaving so he asked me if I get to play with Laura's arse.

"Hell no, she'd slap me if I did that."

Since he wasn't getting our full attention, Max returned to the pool, sans-swimwear and joined our conversation on arses. This isn't a topic I like to discuss with anyone, let alone my soon to be brother-in-law and his gay boyfriend. The guys keep hassling me asking if I had ever had anal sex. I most definitely had not had anal sex before, but like every guy on the planet, I had thought about it.

The prying into my personal and sexual history continued when the guys asked me if I had ever had a threesome. Once in college with two girls (I went to college for a year before starting my carpentry apprenticeship. When I've mentioned that to my buddies I get a more positive reaction than I did from the two gay guys in the pool with me at that moment.

They were giving me a bit of a hard time and I had to tell them that Laura and I aren't as much of a 'free spirit' as Max is.

It doesn't stop, Max and Alexander keep talking about how great anal sex is. I tell them I think they crazy.

Max finally wakes up and notices how uncomfortable I am. It isn't just the topic of conversation, or the people that I'm having that conversation with, but the speedo swim briefs felt like they were smashing my balls.

Max suggested I take them off, like he had done a few minutes ago. Now things were starting to get gay. Without having a chance to argue, Max ducked under the water and somehow removed the super tight swim speedo that I had on. Now two of us were completely naked in the pool.

When Max ducked under the water and was removing my speedo, I'm pretty sure I felt his lips on the end of my cock. At the time I didn't think too much of it, but that would end up being his 'in' toward corrupting me during this experience.

I didn't say much after Max has remove my swimwear, I was now standing naked in a pool with my naked soon to be brother-in-law and his boyfriend who thankfully still had his swimwear on.

Max got out of the pool, I figured he was going to the bathroom but he indicated for me to follow him.

Leaving Alexander in the pool all on his own, I followed Max around behind the pool shed where he confronted me about his lips touching my cock.

"Did you like that? You know, my mouth on your cock?"

That is the first thing he said to me. I had no response. Then he played the blackmail card. "I want to suck your cock more. I already sucked your cock and you don't want me to tell my sister about it do you?"

Holy cow, what had I gotten myself into.

I have no interest in guys but if Max told Laura or anyone in the family that he had sucked my cock I'd be dead. I'd be run out of town, I'd be run out of the church and there no doubt that Laura would leave me.

While I was pondering the precarious situation I had gotten myself in to, Max reached out and grabbed my cock. He started stroking it. He promised not to tell Laura.

"I can't believe this is happening" I said out loud.

Then I started to get hard in Max's mouth. I couldn't believe that my body, my cock was reacting in this way. This is not me but it did start to feel good. I've joked before that gay guys must give better blowjobs because they have cocks but I couldn't believe how good Max was. He was giving me a blowjob like I've never had before.

Getting off his knees, Max stood up and then told me there was one final step that I had to do. Despite being really horny my brain was still functioning and I didn't like the sound of this one final step.

But, unless I wanted Max to tell my sister what had happened thus far, I felt compelled to go along with that Max had in mind. He took my hands and we walk out from behind the pool shed. Walking back in the main pool area, there was Alexander who had also lost his swimwear by now. Max made me sit down and told me that I would finally get to experience what an arse felt like.

My head was spinning.

Max got on his knees between my legs and started sucking my cock again. I noticed Alex was behind Max and started licking his arsehole. Of course I had heard of a rimjob and see some while watching porn but I had never seen someone get rimmed in the flex before and it looked pretty hot.

If wasn't long before Max's oral skills made me start to relax and enjoy the sensation of his mouth on my cock.

As I mentioned at the start of this confession, Laura and I had been abstaining from sex for the last three months and it would not have been long before I came from Max's blowjob skills. Alexander decided to change things up, he broke off Max's blowjob and handed me a condom.

In no time Max was back on his knees with Alexanders cock in his mouth and Alexander was pulling Max's arse cheeks apart. He even asked/told me "Look how pretty that is." Referring to the arsehole that I was about to insert my cock into.

Putting the condom on took a second. I hadn't used one in years and I think you can understand that I was a little nervous.

Then I was on my knees behind Max, I slapped my cock on his arse. The same way I do to his sister when we fuck doggy style. I put my cock at the entrance to his little butt hole and without me thinking or intending on doing anything, I was inside my future brother-in-law.

It was so amazingly tight.

Good thing I had the condom on because it dulled some of the senses from my cock otherwise I might have exploded then and there. I still took it slow. Each time my hips thrust forward I felt like I was going deeper in to Max. From his moans it sounded like he was enjoying it. Alexander had a cheeky grin on his face so there was no doubt that he was enjoying what was going on.

At one point I started to get carried away and was pounding hard into Max's arse. For a second I think I forgot it was him and thought that I was fucking Laura then I felt the tingle in the back of my balls and I froze, balls deep inside Max and calmed down a little bit.

This might be the one and only time I get to do this and I wanted it to last.

I think Max's knees were getting a little sore so he decided to change up the positions. This time he laid on his back and lifted his legs right up. Yes, he and Laura were both gymnasts in high school. Alexander directed me around to Max's head and after pulling the condom off, I lowered my cock into Max's waiting mouth.

Alexander said "Thanks for warming up this arse for me" as he slid his cock into Max.

Max was working my cock with his mouth and his hand while Alexander was going to town on his arse. This was a little easier for me to last than when I had been fucking Max and I think by all accounts the three of us lasted in this configuration for ten minutes or so.

I was the first to cum and it started the other two guys off.

I came all over Max's chest. As you can imagine after three months of no sex I had a heck of a load which exploded on to Max. It might have been my orgasm that sex Max off because he grabbed his cock and started cumming before I had finished. Max cumming set off Alexander who pulled out of Max, came around beside him and added his full load of man juice tor the loads that Max and I had unloaded on his chest and stomach.

What an amazing orgasm. To clean up the three of us jumped back in the pool for a little bit. Laura arrived half a hour later and none of us gave her any reason to imagine what the three of us had been up to.

Max and Alexander promised not to tell anyone. Do you promise not to tell anyone about my gay threesome a week before my marriage?