 Friday the 23rd

Frank's cock stayed rock-hard after Joe left the gym shower. His roommate was so fucking sexy! Beautiful muscular butt. Shaved crotch and hairless balls. A dick almost as long as Frank's.

He and Joe had been watching each other since they moved in together. Did Joe realize they were flirting? He hadn't made any moves. Until now. And that was an accident. Maybe.

The shower almost drowned out the sound of the gym door closing. Joe was gone.

Frank wrapped his hand around his balls and the base of his shaft, then turned to face the shower. The hard hot water droplets battered his cock-head, stroking its stretched flesh like a thousand tiny rough fingers.

He closed his eyes and jacked his stiff cock, imagining Joe bent over with the palms of his hands flat against the shower's tile walls, screaming softly as Frank fucked his hot tight ass.

"Uh . . . Hi." Frank opened his eyes and saw a big muscular young black man with a shaved head, dressed in a TMU tee-shirt, sneakers, and sweat pants, pulled down to show his balls and long stiff cock. He lived in the dorm and Frank recognized him. His name was Rich and he was on the wrestling team. 

They stared at each other for long seconds. Then, Frank stepped out of the shower. He and Rich gripped each other's stiff rods. Rich's mahogany pole was even longer and thicker than Frank's tool, with a plow-shaped head. 

They stroked each other's dicks while staring into each other's eyes. Rich's lips opened slightly, invitingly. Frank kissed him. Rich kissed him back hungrily, roughly thrusting his tongue against Frank's. 

Frank pulled away. "I'm gonna suck your cock now." He sank to his knees and cupped Rich's balls, squeezing them gently while slowly stroking its heavy shaft and kissing its tip. 

"Oh yeah," Rich whispered. He gripped Frank's shoulders, kneading them firmly, as Frank stretched his mouth over Rich's swollen cock-head and stroked his shaft. It was the biggest dick he'd ever sucked. 

Frank clamped his lips around Rich's corneal ring and licked his oversized cock-head, tasting the other man's sweetly tart pre-cum. 

"Oh fuck," Rich said. "That's good." He thrust his hips forward, driving his monster cock deeper into Frank's mouth. For a second, Frank tried to fight. Then he relaxed and took it. The big black pole overfilling his mouth was sexy as hell and his own rod was painfully hard.

He wrapped his hand around Rich's driving shaft to control his thrusts. The taste of his pre-cum was overpowering.

Rich groaned and drove deep into Frank's mouth, shooting an immense blast of hot salty cum. Frank gulped, swallowing it all. 

Rich fucked Frank's face, shooting pulse after pulse of hot cum. He got most of it, but a thin line of thick fluid escaped from his mouth and ran down his chest.

Rich's cock slipped out of Frank's mouth. "That was great." He pulled Frank to his feet and kissed him. "You're so fucking sexy." He stroked Frank's boner. "Want me to help you with this?"

"Yeah." Frank glanced out at the locker room. "But . . ."

"I've got a single room. All the privacy we want." Rich grinned. "Bet there's a lot of things you'd like to do." Frank nodded. "Got a few myself."

"Okay." Frank dried off and dressed hastily. 

Rich's room on the fourth floor was just like Frank's and Joe's, with a mirror over a sink, two closets, double built-in desks, and a pair of single beds which had been pushed together to make a double bed. Wrestling posters covered the walls.

Frank admired the posters. "Lots of muscle boys here. Fuckin' sexy!"

"They get you hard?" 

Frank looked down at the immense bulge in Rich's sweat pants. "Dude, I'm already super-hard." He put his hand on Rich's crotch, rubbing his stiff cock through the soft clinging fabric. "Just like you."

Rich unfastened Frank's jeans and pulled them open. He wasn't wearing underwear and his stiff rod snapped up instantly. 

Rich pushed his sweat pants down, freeing his hard dick, then put his hands around Frank's waist and pulled their bodies together. They kissed roughly, with dueling tongues, while rubbing hard-ons and kneading each other's buttocks. 

"What now?" Rich asked. 

Frank wrapped his hand around Rich's long thick cock. He fondled the stiff pole, both excited and scared by what he wanted. "Fuck my ass."

"You sure?"

"Yeah." Frank's heart was pounding and his chest felt tight, but his cock was rock-hard. "Just take it easy. It's my first time. With a guy big as you."

"That's all right." Rich kissed Frank. "I'll be careful." 

They undressed. Frank got on his hands and knees at the foot of the bed. Rich moved behind him and slid a lubricated finger up his butt. He took it easily. Rich added a second finger, twisting them as he worked them in and out. Frank's cock jerked in time with Rich's sliding fingers.

"You ready? For my cock?" Rich pulled his fingers out of Frank's ass. 

"Yeah." Somebody else seemed to be using Frank's voice. "Let's do it."

"Okay." Rich lubricated his rod and pressed its wide head into Frank's asshole.

At first, it was just like any other cock, hurting slightly as it stretched him open. The pain usually dissolved into pleasure as he relaxed and submitted to the man invading his ass. 

This time, the pain kept building as the stretching went on and on. Frank screamed softly and tried to pull away. Rich held him in place but stopped moving. "It's all right." The pressure faded as Rich pulled out. "Still want to get fucked?"

"Oh yeah."

"Okay." Rich took Frank in his arms and kissed him. "We'll do it a different way." He lay on his back in the middle of the bed. His giant cock stood up from his crotch, stiff and straight as a flagpole. "Come on, cowboy. Take a ride."

Frank smeared more lube on Rich's stiff pole and his own hard rod, then straddled Rich's hips and sank down on his swollen cock-head. Frank jacked his cock as Rich's knob stretched him open. He pulled back when it hurt too much, then sank back down, taking a little more of the black man's big pole each time. 

"Man!" Rich whispered. "You got one sexy tight ass." 

Frank went a little too fast. "Oh fuck!" 

Rich held still. "You okay?"

"Yeah." Frank was breathing hard. He let go of his throbbing pole, lifted his butt, then lowered it slowly, taking Rich's cock-head and a fraction of his thick shaft. It didn't hurt any more, but he was about to come. He held still until the feeling passed.

Frank jacked his stiff cock as he rolled his hips, gradually taking more of Rich's monster pole up his ass. 

Frank stopped with Rich's giant tool all the way up his ass. "I never imagined . . . That's so good!" He rolled his hips.

"Yeah," Rich whispered. "Take my big black pole up your tight little white ass." Frank went faster. "That's right. Ride my dick. Good and hard."

"I want you to pound my ass," Frank gasped. "But first . . ." His ass muscles clenched around Rich's rod. ". . . I'm gonna ride your cock."

"Ride 'em cowboy!" Rich rolled his hips, bucking like a wild horse. 

Frank thought of rodeo riders, one hand holding on to the saddle horn, the other waving a hat high in the air, as he jacked his throbbing dick in time with Rich's rough thrusts. 

"So fuckin' good!" Frank cried. "I'm gonna . . ." He screamed and humped Rich's driving rod, spraying hot pulses of cum on Rich's muscular chest. 

Frank slowed to a stop, feeling a little dizzy. "Good ride, cowboy," he muttered. "Good ride."

Rich heard him. "It was a good ride." He pulled Frank's face down to his and kissed him. "For you." He laughed softly. "And me too. But now, I'm gonna give your tight little butt a real workout."

Frank's rod was still stiff. "All right." He raised his hips and Rich's rock-hard pole slipped out of his ass, leaving him feeling empty. "What do you want me to do?"

"Get on your back. With your butt in the air."

Frank rolled onto his back and folded his knees against his chest. Rich opened Frank's thighs and slid his cock all the way up Frank's ass. 

"Man!" Rich said. "You're ready for that pounding I promised."

"Hell yeah!" Frank's ass muscles clamped Rick's thick pole. "You're the biggest guy I've had, but this isn't my first rodeo."

"Good thing, cowboy," Rich answered. "Because you're getting a long hard ride." He pulled out, stopping with his cock-head kissing the entrance to Frank's puckered hole, then drove home, shaking Frank's body.

"Oh yeah!" Frank gasped. "Hammer my ass!" He jacked his cock and rocked his hips in time with Rich's rough thrusts.

The cum was building in Frank's nuts when Rich screamed and rammed his ass harder than ever, shooting hard hot pulses of cum with each thrust. Frank came hard, spraying cum on his own chest and face.

* * *

When Frank stepped into the room, Joe was sitting at his desk, looking at a tangle of lines and rectangles on his computer monitor. 

"Hi, Frank." Joe turned his chair around. "Sorry to run off like that." He gestured toward the monitor. "My database design is due Monday and I've got a busy weekend." His speech sounded rehearsed. 

"It's all right." Frank's dick swelled as he remembered Joe naked and hard in the shower. "Things come up." The phrase hung in the air.

"Well. Yeah." Joe laughed nervously. "Guess I ought to get back to work." He turned back to the monitor.

At bedtime, Frank undressed and slipped into bed quickly, hiding his hard-on under the covers. Fortunately, Joe hadn't noticed and freaked out even more.

Joe stripped down to his underwear, then hesitated, standing motionless with his hands on the elastic waistband. He took a deep breath, then stepped out of his briefs. His cock was long and heavy, just starting to stiffen. He looked at Frank self-consciously, then turned out the lights and got into bed. 

Frank stayed awake for a long time, fingering his stiff pole and thinking about Joe in the shower, remembering the lust and fear on his face when he'd reached for Frank's cock. 

Joe was still awake. Frank wondered what his sexy roommate was thinking.

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *