 Sunday the 25th

It was early Sunday morning when I left Nancy. It was mid-semester and we didn't get much studying done when we were together.

I got to the dorm at 9:00 AM. There was music playing inside Frank's and my room. He usually left for church at 8:00 AM. He didn't talk about his church, but I guessed it was pretty informal, since he never dressed up. A guy had told me he'd seen Frank at a gay cruising area on Sunday morning a few weeks ago, but I figured he was wrong. 

I turned the key in the lock, pushed the door open, and looked inside. The bright sunshine filtering through the closed blinds filled the room with a soft glow. Frank was standing in front of his bed, bent over with his hands on the mattress. He was naked, with his stiff dick sticking straight out from his crotch. 

A big muscular black guy with a shaved head was standing behind Frank, swinging his pelvis in time with Frank's rolling hips. I stared at his massive cock sliding in and out of Frank's ass, both shocked and fascinated. It was like that gay porn video, but real, with Frank as one of the performers.

They hadn't noticed me. I quietly closed the door and slipped down the hall, painfully aware of my immense boner. 

I went to the Starbucks in the student union and sat at one of the tables with a big coffee and my laptop, trying to do the research for a history paper that was due on Wednesday. Instead, I kept thinking about Frank and the young black man. I'd seen him in the dorm and cafeteria, but I didn't know his name. 

After an hour, I gave up on homework and went back to the room. I hesitated before putting the key in the lock, wondering what was happening inside. I wasn't even sure what I wanted to see.

The room was empty. I was both relieved and disappointed. I changed into sweatpants and a Conner Cougars tee-shirt, then sat down barefoot at the computer. 

I wanted to find another gay video and jack off, but I was afraid Frank would walk in. Instead, I logged on to the TMU website and pulled up the dorm's "Resident" page.

Most of the 800 students living in our dorm had put their pictures and profiles on the page. I found Frank's sexy black friend a quarter of the way down. His name was "Rich Goodwin" and he was on the wrestling team. He wore a super-tight wrestling uniform in his picture. 

The uniform didn't leave much to the imagination, and what I imagined brought my boner back. I rubbed my stiff rod through my sweatpants while I fantasized about Rich's big hard cock . . . in my mouth and up my ass.

The sound of the key sliding into the lock took me by surprise. Before I could react, the door opened and Frank came in. "Hi Joe. You're back early." He stopped beside my chair, staring at the clinging fabric stretched over my hard cock, and the wet spot in the cloth covering its tip.

He looked at Rich's sexy picture on the screen, then back at me. "You saw us." I nodded. 

"I thought I heard something," Frank said. "But Rich and I were kind of busy." He looked down at my crotch. The wet spot in my sweatpants had grown. "Not hard to tell what you've been thinking." 

"Same thing I've been thinking since Friday night. Since the shower."

"Me, too." Frank pulled my rolling office chair away from the desk and turned it to face him. He was wearing his usual black sneakers, form-fitting jeans, and tight tee-shirt, showing off his athletic body and bulging crotch. At eye level, it looked even bigger than usual.

He bent forward, resting his hands on the chair arms. "You saw me with Rich. You know what I like. What do you want?" He stepped back from my chair and sat on his bed. 

I watched him take off his shoes, socks, and tee-shirt before answering. "I'm not sure. This is so new . . ."

"You ever been with a guy?" Frank asked. "Like when you were a horny 14-year-old without a girlfriend? And your best friend asked if you wanted to fuck."

I shook my head, feeling embarrassed. I was glad he didn't ask about girls. Until Jordan yesterday, Nancy had been the only one.

"That's okay," Frank said. "We don't have to do anything. Just relax and see what happens." 

He unfastened his belt and unzipped his jeans, then stood up and pulled them open. He wasn't wearing underwear and his cock sprang up instantly. I sat frozen, staring at his long hard pole and big balls. 

"But we don't want that." He put his hand on my crotch, fondling my hard-on through the sweatpants. "Do we?"

"No." I stood up and grabbed his stiff cock. It didn't feel like mine. "What are we going to do?"

"We'll start easy." He reached inside my sweatpants and wrapped his fingers around my hard pole. 

We stood face to face, jacking each other's stiff cocks. His touch was different from Jordan's or Nancy's.

I shrank away when Frank bent forward to kiss me. He looked disappointed for a second, then smiled. "I'm going to suck your dick." He sank to his knees and pulled my sweatpants down, then wrapped his hand around my stiff shaft and stroked my shaved balls.

"You've got a super-sexy cock," he said. "I've been wanting to do this ever since I met you." He licked his lips, then slid them over my wide flaring head, kissing and sucking it while probing my cum-slit with the tip of his tongue. It felt weird and great. 

I squeezed Frank's shoulders while he took my head and shaft deeper into his mouth. 

"Oh fuck!" My cock pulsed, shooting heavy streams of cum into Frank's mouth. He gulped my juice while stroking my rod and squeezing my balls, keeping me coming.

"That's enough," I gasped. Frank stopped moving, keeping my cock in his mouth. I'd never come so hard. 

I ran my fingers through Frank's crewcut. It felt so different from Nancy's long curly hair. So male and sexy. 

He let my hard cock slip out of his mouth and licked his lips. "You liked that." 

"It was great." I pulled Frank to his feet. We stood face to face, fondling each other's cocks and balls. I wanted to kiss him, but that was still too scary. 

"What now?" Frank rubbed his thumb and index finger over my cock-head, smearing the cum oozing from its tip.

My answer surprised me. "I'm gonna suck your cock." 

"All right." Frank sat on his bed and spread his legs. His hard cock was even longer and thicker than mine. I took off my sweatpants and tee-shirt, then knelt between his open legs.

I stared at Frank's stiff cock, fascinated by the pre-cum leaking from his tip, running down his shaft, and over his bulging balls. I gripped his cock-head between my thumb and index finger, then licked the juice off his balls and shaft. His pre-cum didn't taste quite like mine.

"That's good." Frank grabbed the base of his cock and pointed its head at my face. "Now, suck me. For real." There was a big bubble of pre-cum at his tip. I licked it off, then wrapped my lips around his cock-head. The taste, a mixture of pre-cum and raw hot male flesh, was almost overpowering. 

Frank moaned softly and rolled his hips as I licked and sucked his cock, stroking his shaft and gradually taking more of his thick hard rod in my mouth. 

"Fuck. That's good." Frank stood up and grabbed my shoulders. "Hard to believe this is your first time."

"It's not hard to figure out what a guy likes." I wrapped my hand around his stiff cock. "But this is sure hard." I shoved my mouth down on his cock, taking his head and half his shaft, pulling back until I was barely kissing his tip, then swallowing him again. 

Frank moaned and rolled his hips faster, fucking my face. It was rougher than I'd expected, but also an immense turn-on. I held on, jacking and sucking his cock. 

"Oh man!" he gasped. "I'm-" A wave of cum filled my mouth. I gulped his hot juice as he pulled back and then drove forward, shooting more cum with each rough thrust. I kept him going, milking every drop from his big cock. He finally pushed me away. "That's enough." 

I stood up. Frank grinned at my raging hard-on. "Looks like you need to shoot your gun again. Real bad."

"Yeah."

"Where?"

"Up your ass."

"Good." He wrapped his hand around my hard cock. "Want me to bend over the bed?"

I pointed to the sink. "Over there. So I can see your face. And cock."

"All right." Frank bent over the sink and looked at me in the mirror. "The lube's in the drawer under my closet. In a plastic box."

I opened the box and found the little squeeze bottle of lubricant, along with a pair of brightly-colored dildos. One was big and the other was even bigger. I looked at them briefly, then picked up the squeeze bottle and moved behind Frank. I spread a thick line of lube on my finger, then pressed it between his sculpted male buttocks. It went in easily.

"Don't worry about being gentle," Frank said. "I like it a little rough."

"Okay." I squirted lube into the palm of my hand, coated my cock's swollen head and stiff shaft, then reached around Frank's waist and rubbed my slick fingers over his hard cock. 

I pressed my shaft between Frank's buttocks and humped his butt-crack while jacking his hot rod. "That feels good," he said. "But I'm ready to get fucked. For real." 

Frank reached back, grabbed my hard cock, and guided its head to his asshole. "Just shove it in." I gasped in surprise when he thrust his hips backwards, driving my rod all the way up his ass. 

"Wow!" I said. "You are ready."

"Yeah," he answered. "I want a long hard ride." He swung his hips in time with my thrusts while I fucked him.

I'd seen porn videos with the performers fucking in front of mirrors. The visuals were better on the screen than in person. I had to bend forward and put my chin on Frank's shoulder to see his face, chest, and crotch in the mirror. But, I had a spectacularly sexy view of his muscular back and my cock driving between his athletic buttocks. 

"Pound my ass!" Frank gasped. "Fuck me hard!" The tension built in my nuts as I hammered his butt. I bent forward to look at his reflection in the mirror. He was supporting himself with one hand and jacking his stiff cock with the other. "Come on," he said. "Shoot a big load. Up my ass."

I straightened up and gripped Frank's hips. "Okay, Big Boy." The cum was boiling in my balls. "Here it comes." I slammed Frank's butt, shooting over and over. 

I finally slowed to a stop. "That felt good. Great," Frank said. "Your cum, squirting up my ass." He moved and my dick slipped out of his butt. 

"Pretty great for me, too," I answered. 

Frank turned around and gripped my hips, pulling our bodies closer together. Our cocks were both still hard. 

"You didn't shoot," I said. 

"Not yet." He took my hand and put it on his hard-on. "You fucked my ass. Now, it's my turn."

I slid my fingers up and down his stiff rod. Yesterday, Jordan's vibrator had scared me. Today, I was eager to take Frank's massive pole up my butt. "Okay."

He took the cushion off his bed, giving me room to lie on my back with my legs folded over my chest. Frank knelt between my open knees, coated his finger with lube, and slipped it up my asshole. After the workouts Nancy had given my butt with the vibrator, I took it easily. My cock jerked as he twisted his finger while sliding it in and out, spreading the slick fluid. 

Frank pulled his finger out of my butt, then pressed his big round cock-head into my asshole, gradually stretching it open. I gasped when he pushed in too far.

"Sorry." He pulled back slightly. "Way you took my finger, I kinda forgot it's your first time." He squirted lube into the palm of my hand. "Jerk off. It'll help."

I stroked my hard shaft and rubbed my swollen cock-head as Frank pushed relentlessly into my ass, stopping briefly when I tensed up, then pressing forward. Finally, his thick round head was all the way inside my tight ring of ass muscles. "You like that," he said.

"Yeah. Keep going." 

I jacked off while he fucked me slowly and steadily, gradually going deeper and finally stopping with his balls pressed against my buttocks and his long thick cock all the way up my ass. 

"Fuck!" I gasped. My heart was pounding and it was hard to breathe.

Frank looked at me. "You okay?"

"Oh yeah," I answered. "You're so fuckin' big. Your monster cock."

"Does it hurt?"

"A little. But it feels great, too."

"All right." Frank gripped my legs just below my raised knees and lifted them higher. "Now, I'm really gonna fuck your hot sexy ass."

"Good." I fingered my balls and stroked my rod as Frank carefully pulled out, then pushed back in. "Yeah. That's right."

"Your asshole is so hot and tight." Frank fucked me slowly. "I've wanted to do this since we moved in. But you had your girlfriend. I didn't want to mess with a straight guy."

"Guess I'm not so straight." I rocked my hips, pushing my butt up to meet Frank's sliding pole. He went faster. 

"I'm glad." He shifted his grip to my ankles and pushed them over my shoulders, driving his cock deeper into my ass. My nuts tightened.

"Keep fucking me like this," I whispered. "And I'm gonna . . ."

"Okay." Frank slowed his strokes, pulling out until his tip was barely kissing my asshole, then smoothly sliding his full length back up my ass. "That better?" 

I nodded. "You've always turned me on. I was afraid to admit it, till now."

"I could tell." We looked into each other's eyes for a long time. I was ready to let him kiss me when he looked down to watch his slowly sliding cock. "You've got one smokin' hot ass."

I laughed. "You're not fucking me that hard. It's not smoking . . . yet."

"We'll fix that." Frank spread my legs wider and pounded my ass, bouncing his balls against my butt cheeks. 

"Oh fuck!" I gasped. Frank slammed my ass like a pile driver, shaking my body with each thrust. The cum built in my nuts as I jacked my stiff cock.

"Fuckin' hot ass!" Frank hammered me harder. "Fuckin' hot man! I'm gonna . . ." He rammed me, shooting a long hot pulse of cum deep into my ass.

"Yeah!" I gasped. "Come in me! Up my ass!" Pulse after pulse of hot juice splashed my anal walls while I shot long streams of cum onto my chest and belly.

Frank stopped with his cock buried deep inside my ass. "That was great. You're great." He lowered his body onto mine, supporting part of his weight with his elbows, covering and protecting me. I felt warm and secure. I guessed Nancy felt this way when I held her after we'd finished. 

"Great for me, too." Frank's cock slipped out of my butt when I lowered my legs. "If my ass isn't smoking now, it's because you put the fire out with all that cum." We both laughed.

Then, I pulled his face down to mine and kissed him.

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *