 We would often go to the gay club to hit on girls who were hiding from straight men, ironic I know. Well, in Salem, the bars didn't close until 2:30 am. My friends were bored of the speak easy, so they ended up leaving. I told them I would just take a cab home. 

The night was ending, and as always, people, me included, were looking for after parties. Two guys I had seen in there a few times before, Tony and DeShawn, told me they were having one, and there would be lots of people there. Well, me being drunker than shit, I decide it's a grand idea. 

I get in the back seat as we head to their place. No one was there when we got there, but they told me 'they are on their way.' I thought nothing of it; it was only a little after two. We were still drinking and playing king's cup. I was getting more drunk, and their rules were getting me naked, fast! I hadn't even realized no one else had shown up!

I was down to just my boxer briefs, and they got me to flex and pose for them. At 5'10, 200, blonde, blue, shaven (I body build), I was their little dream come true. I went to the bathroom, and they were getting more shots ready. I was in a spinning type of drunk, at this point. It's still very hazy how it all happened, but the first clear thought I can recall, my wrists were handcuffed to their bed railing, while one was sucking my cock, and the other was rimming me!

I won't even lie, it felt amazing! They were clearly edging me on purpose. Every time I got close to cumming, Tony would stop sucking me. Tony kept sucking me, but DeShawn had got up from rimming me. He was gone for a few moments until his big black cock was right in my face! 

DeShawn was 6'4, very lanky, short black hair. His cock was his best tribute. It wasn't thick, but at 10 inches, it didn't need to be! I was still being edged, so a bus could have been driving at me, and I wouldn't have cared! DeShawn put his cock head in my mouth, and slowly began thrusting. It wasn't too bad until he was about 6 to 7 inches in.

Just like I would do to a bitch, DeShawn was face fucking and gagging the hell out of me! My eyes were watering, slobber running down my chin -- I felt like a cheap whore! Tony began rimming and stroking me now. It felt great except for the whole me choking on dick part. 

Something got passed up to DeShawn, "look up, bitch!" I looked up with my blue eyes, and sure enough, I was starring into a camera while I had almost 10 inches of cock down my straight throat! I felt like a cheap slut in a porno!

Tony wasn't behind me, anymore, and it was just me gagging on a big black cock. DeShawn began picking up pace; I was gagging and spitting up more as he filmed and moaned absurdly loud! I felt a shot go down my throat, then he pulled out and began cumming on my forehead! 

I looked like shit! Spit, snot, tears, spit up, and cum were all over my face. I was still panting from the face fucking I had received. "Justin, you look so cute like this!" DeShawn mocked me while slapping my face with his long cock. 

I felt a wet cold substance run down my ass crack, then being smeared in... "SHIT!" I said out loud -- it was lube. I gritted my teeth as what felt like an anal bead pop then, then another. I figured it had to be a butt plug instead, because the lack of a string. My sphincter was relaxed from all the rimming it had just received, so it wasn't bad until about the 4th pop in.

I could feel it getting wider and deeper at this point. I groaned a little as Tony started stroking my cock to ease me. By the 7th pop, I realized it must be one of those glass, ribbed, dildo things. Tony kept stroking my cock "Justin is hard as fuck!" DeShawn pointed out. I didn't even look at him; he was right! I was hard as fuck! Tony began backing the ribbed dildo out, then pushing it in even deeper this time! I was moaning and groaning. I even caught myself backing my hips up a few times! 

By now, Tony was full on fucking me with the ribbed dildo as I forgot about DeShawn filming. It was really starting to feel good, now. Tony was working it in with deep thrusts in and out. "Fuck yeah..." I moaned out as he built rhythm. DeShawn's cock started to get hard again as I voluntarily took it into my mouth. I started gagging myself on it as he passed the camera of to Tony again. 

At this point, I was done caring! It was gay, but it was feeling good as fuck! Tony left the toy in my ass as DeShawn and Tony switched. Tony put his ass to my face... I knew what he wanted. I put my tongue deep in his ass! DeShawn took over the dildo duties as he began fucking my ass faster then Tony had! I was moaning into Tony's ass hole. 

I knew DeShawn still had the camera on, but I didn't care anymore! "Would you please just fuck me!" I yelled. Tony un-cuffed me, and they rolled me on my back. Rolling over made me realize just how drunk I really still was! DeShawn spit on his long black cock, and began pushing it in me. I moaned and stroked my hard cock. 

DeShawn got about 3/4ths in me when I felt him hit about the end of what my rectum could take. He began with slow thrusts as he slowly worked deeper and deeper. Tony pushed his shorter, fat cock down my throat as I gladly accepted it. DeShawn started speeding up his strokes, as I swore; I could feel his cock moving around in my stomach. 

Tony began moaning extremely loud as I could taste his pre-cum. Tony shot a huge line down my throat, pulled out, and let the last lose on my face like DeShawn. Tony put lube on my cock, and began stroking me hard! I was trying to fight off orgasm, but I could feel my ass clinching in doing so -- obviously, making my ass tighter for DeShawn.

I couldn't take anymore, as I began cumming all over myself. Tony picked up the camera, and was filming as he was wiping my cum on my own face. DeShawn grabbed my nuts super tight, making my clinch down again as he roared loudly! 

I could feel him pumping tons of cum deep in my rectum. He slowly let go of my nuts as I lay there, panting. My ass feeling violated as I feel DeShawn's warm cum still moving around my insides. I started to close my eyes when I was drug up by my hair! I felt the butt plug re inserted into my ass, and I was taken outside where there was a taxi waiting for me. 

DeShawn dropped me to my knees, as Tony held the camera. "Do you want to go home?" He asked me. I shook my head yes; in all its cum covered shame. "One last thing you have to do" he told me... "close your eyes!" I hesitated for a moment, but did so. 

Warm liquid began rushing over my face! I tried to open my eyes, but it burned! They were pissing on my face! I tried to talk to retort, but that was met by piss going down my throat! I realized, there was no way out -- I just took it. 

They gave me my shirt and wallet back. "You don't get these, yet," DeShawn said with a grin. I walked, shamefully to the cab whose driver had just seen me get pissed on, and a butt plug buried in my naked ass. "Back doors are broke, sit up front!" 

I reluctantly got in the front. He drove me home, asking all types of questions. When we got to my place, I realized, they had taken all my cash! The cab driver smiles "how are you going to pay me, sonny?" he moved my hand to his hard crotch.... He's already seen me do worse, so why the hell not!

He followed me inside, fucked me, came in me, and left. I was still drunk and humiliated! I passed out with the butt plug the cab driver had re inserted in me...