 If someone had told me this morning that I would be spending my evening with my mouth wrapped around someone's throbbing erection, I would have punched them in the face until they bled.

It was, by all accounts, the hottest day of the year so far. I had woken up in a pool of my own sweat and drool, groaning when I saw that the A.C had been switched off by my self-proclaimed environmentalist parents. Never mind the dehumidifiers which ran ceaselessly all day long; the A.C is switched off at night.

I showered and dressed for college. Why the university had to conduct classes after the final exams were over was beyond me. I had repeatedly tried to understand the working of the education system here, and failed miserably each time. 

Classes progressed normally enough, except for the odd collapsing student. My eyes darted over to the girl I'd been dating for the better part of the last academic year. She sat three benches ahead of me and two benches to the left; her long, strawberry blond hair fell in waves around her, caressing her breasts as it fell down to her waist. I closed my eyes, and I could almost taste the sweat dripping down her neck and into her cleavage...

The scraping of chairs and tables jerked me awake. I realised that my hand was cupping a "semi" and hastened to pull it away, hoping desperately that no one had noticed. Someone behind me smirked, but I had learned to ignore the idiots who usually occupied the last benches. 

I rushed home, eager to get into my room and switch on the air conditioning. I locked the door behind me, well aware of the fact that whoever needed to get in could get in: my parents, my brother, and his weirdly close best friend all had keys to the house. The day was looking promising; a whole day of sleep was on the horizon.

I ran up the flight of stairs and all but darted into my room. I set the AC to sub-zero temperatures and stripped down to my underwear before falling face first onto my bed. Sleep, as ever, was elusive. I pulled out my laptop, intending to watch or read something until I got drowsy, but found myself stalking my ex-girlfriend's online profile instead. I blame the heat.

She had put up pictures of herself from her last trip the Bahamas or Aruba or some place with a beach and sands white enough to be snow. Almost all her pictures proudly displayed what I could only think of as the most beautiful body in the world, with curves barely masked by the wisps of clothing she was sporting, as though only to show that she did, in fact, possess clothes. 

Intertwined with her was a well built man with a deep tan. The pair seemed to have materialised straight out of one of those beach associated magazines which encourage you to buy a home in Hawaii or plan a trip to Indonesia or instruct you on how to get that beach body which you've been craving.

Fuck this.

I shut the page I was on and stared at my wallpaper for a few seconds. Images of her face were still swimming before my eyes; scenes of what I had just seen from her pictures, and from our time together and, for the second time that day, I felt myself getting hard.

I opened the folder where I stored my porn, barely concealed: I was proud, more or less, of the collection I had amassed, and the world deserved to see it. There was one particular clip, however, which I'd taken extensive measures to hide. 

I had download the clip in a moment of vanity, and it was both too humiliating to expose and too private to share. It featured a threesome between two women and a man, and both the women were the spitting image of my ex. It gave me a sense of corrupt pleasure to watch them beg and plead for the man (someone I didn't particularly notice) and his abnormally large cock. 

My door was ajar, but I didn't have the drive to go and shut it. Throwing caution to the wind, I played the video, letting the corny music fill my room, and undid the button of my trousers. On screen, one of the women was just waking up, trying in vain to cover her breasts with the crumpled sheet under which she lay. My erection grew larger and harder, and started to nudge against my trousers uncomfortably. 

I arched myself on my elbows and pulled my trousers down to my knees, then used my legs to kick them off. A small wet spot had formed where the tip of my cock touched my light grey boxer briefs. The smell of precum and sweat and, I can only assume, cock wafted up from my groin. I pulled the elastic waistband of my underwear down, and my erection sprang out, now completely erect. 

This may just be me being narcissistic, but I've always thought my cock was rather impressive, and I'd been told as much by almost every woman that I'd slept with. It came to just under nine inches when fully erect, as it was now, and it had one of those upward arches so that when I was lying down or sitting, it flopped pleasantly on my stomach. Somehow, it gave me great pleasure to think about that. It had enough girth that women had almost choked on it, which I treated as a huge plus. I could see the thick blood vessels crisscrossing all over it, and I imagined that made it somehow nicer to have inside you. It certainly made it nicer to hold.

It was dark tan, maybe two shades darker than my skin colour. But the thing which made it most impressive was the lack of foreskin and foliage. Circumcision and shaved pubic hair could make a huge difference, a piece of wisdom I had gleaned from porn. There was a time when I had been proud of my "man bush", but common sense and aesthetic appeal ensured that there was never more than fine stubble down there. And what a difference it made; it would seem that my cock seemed to gain an inch just by virtue of the absence of pubic hair. It was magical.

The video continued. The woman was standing naked at the window to her room when a man walked in, also naked, apparently just having gone to the bathroom. He came and hugged the woman from the back, maximising on his position to caress her breasts with his hands. She turned around and they kissed with her blond hair in a messy tangle in his hands. 

I closed my eyes and threw my head back. I had seen the video enough times to have the sounds and sights memorised. I began to stroke my throbbing erection, imagining the feel of lips it. The moans, of the girl in the video, and mine, grew louder. Each stroke sent shockwaves through my spine. The couple in the video had moved to the bed, and the man was lying on top of the woman, getting ready to push into her. 

After a few moments of him thrusting into her, my own hand action sped up. Within minutes, I was on the verge of climaxing. I slowed my hand down, at times completely taking it off: I didn't want to be done this early. The man in the video had no such concerns, and so he kept speeding up his thrust until the bed was shaking. Squeals of "fuck me" arose from the lips of the woman, who was so convincing in her role that I had thought she was actually about to orgasm the first time I had seen this video.

The repeated squeals of pleasure from the woman, accompanied by the deep grunting of the man, were driving me over the edge. I was only about fifteen minutes into the video and barely able to hold on. My left hand had started to cramp, so I switched to my right. The change of hands seemed to provide additional stimulus and I came very close to the edge. 

"I have a surprise for you," the man whispered in the woman's ear, between grunts and heaves of breath. Her eyes widened, yet again almost convincingly showing her surprise. My legs began to quiver: this was my favourite part of the video. The man gets up and walks to the door of the house, completely naked, and comes back with a woman nearly identical to the one he'd just been fucking. Her wavy blond hair fell over her breasts in the same way as the other woman, and as my ex. The second woman, it is later revealed, is a prostitute hired by the man on the woman's request of a threesome.

The man would now lie down on the bed and stroke himself while the women went at it with each other, then he would throw his head back and let them slave over his cock. Pandemonium would ensue, everyone would fuck everyone, and the man would eventually cum on both their faces at the same time, then watch as the women licked each other's faces clean. 

I wouldn't get to see any of that.

Just as the prostitute walked into the house in the video, I heard a knock on my door, and before I could even try to pull my underwear back over my cock, the door had been pushed open. My panic was very unnecessary, though, as it was just my brother's best friend, the only non-family member with a key to the house. We had been close for a long time, and he was one of the few people, perhaps the only one, whom I wouldn't mind being found by in a compromising situation. He fell into that small category where he was neither awkward enough to be family nor stranger. 

He, however, didn't think so. He made to leave and shut the door, apologising profusely for barging in. I pulled my underwear up and called him in. He still couldn't meet my gaze, and kept his eyes to the floor while he inquired as to my brother's whereabouts. I told him that he wasn't home yet, and he said he would come back when he was around. Just as he was about to leave, I was struck with a very weird idea, one which I would never have voice had my blood not been all down in my groin. 

"Hey. You want to kill some time? I have some great stuff here."

Had he understood what I meant?

"Won't it be awkward?"

Evidently, he had.

"It'll be fine. Come on." 

I moved a few things around and shifted myself to one side of the bed, and kept the laptop in the middle. The video was still running; the man was lying on his back, propped up on pillows, watching the two blonds finger each other. 

He kept his eyes fixed on the video, and I on him. I pulled my cock back out and was glad to see that it had lost some of its hardness: I'd be able to last longer. He undressed surprisingly quickly, even taking his shirt off so that he was completely naked on my bed. I had never seen him without his clothes on, and was quite impressed and intimidated by both his physique, and his cock.

Perhaps I lingered too long. He saw me checking it out and cleared his throat loudly. I couldn't explain to him why I was looking at it: his dick was exactly like mine, but better in every way. Bigger, longer, more smoothly arched, more vascular, darker, and with the pinkest head I'd ever seen. I longed to touch it, to know for myself if it was as spectacular as it seemed. My fingers twitched involuntarily, a movement he didn't miss. 

"Touch it. I won't mind."

Should I? Before I could fully assess the ramification of my actions, I was already cupping his erection. It felt so warm and full in my hand that I found myself caressing my own erection in pleasure. 

"Do you like it?" he asked. My throat and mouth had gone dry and I was unable to speak. I merely nodded, keeping my gaze fixed on it, feeling it pulse under my touch. Almost involuntarily, I began to stroke it, unable to explain to myself what I was doing and why. 

"I'm sorry, it's just that your cock is so fucking nice," I managed to croak out, feeling whatever little blood that wasn't in my cock flush into my face. My cheeks we heating up and I was sure that I had crossed some sort of line from which there was no returning. 

"Why are you sorry? I am enjoying it. In fact, I want you to suck it."

I looked at him. I couldn't believe what he was saying. His face betrayed no signs of humour, however, and so I was forced to conclude that he was serious. This had gone on long enough; there was no way I was going to suck another man's cock. Holding it was another thing, but even with him, sucking was too far. I looked him in the eyes to tell him so, but before I could get any words out, I felt his hand grab my dick, much harder than I had grabbed his. 

"Do you want me to start? Don't be scared. I've never done this before either. I won't tell anyone."

Without waiting for a response, he pushed me back onto the bed and started to stroke my cock. He bent down to my groin and before I could make sense of what was happening, he licked my shaft. I thought I would cum right then, but somehow I managed to hold on. I decided that I couldn't bear to see what was happening, otherwise I would climax immediately. I closed my eyes and lay flat upon my back, and somehow my hand found his hair, and tugged. 

He licked my shaft all over, even going as far as to suck on one of my balls. For somehow who had never done this before, he sure seemed to know what he was doing. He flicked his tongue over the head of my cock and licked the precum that had started to form for the millionth time. Then, he took my whole head in his mouth, causing my body to jerk. Unaffected by this, he put more and more or my cock inside his mouth, and began to go rhythmically up and down. Yet again, my body seemed to act of its own accord, and I found myself grabbing his head from behind and pushing his mouth up and down my erection. 

Every now and then, his teeth would graze against my head, and I'd let out a hiss of pain, but then he would go back to sucking properly and the pain would vanish. I decided to see how far I could take this, and pushed his head further and further down, until he choked and coughed and spat on my cock.

"Calm down, man. You'll kill me."

I apologised and tried to get him to go back to sucking me. However, it would seem he had other things in mind. 

"I sucked you, now your turn. Like I said, it won't be weird".

I wasn't ready for this, but I knew that it had to be done. I didn't even know how I would go about it. Following what he had done seemed like a good idea, and so I decided to stick with that. Hopefully, I would be terrible at it and he would ask me to stop, and we could go back to jerking off. I began to move, thinking that he would lie down on the bed and I would bend to get near his cock, but, yet again, he seemed to have another plan.

As I tried to move, he held me in place and propped me up on pillows so that I was sitting upright. Then, he got onto his knees and brought himself right up to my face, such that his cock was inches from my nose. I could smell the musky, sweaty scent that I associated with cock coming off his erection, but even that was much stronger with him than it was with me. 

What's more, it smelt nice, almost delicious. The smell seemed to melt away my apprehensions, and I found myself wanting to taste it. 

My hands were sweaty and for reasons I do not know, I thought it would be a good idea to wipe them on my shirt. He wasn't very pleased with the fact that I still had my shirt on. He undid the first two buttons then pulled the shirt over my head like he was removing a T-shirt. 

Then, all of a sudden, he pinched both my nipples, hard. Just as I was recovering from the shock of what he had just done, he slapped my face, not very hard but not entirely playfully, and asked me why I hadn't started blowing him yet. 

I had never been much into violent sex, and had certainly never thought that I would enjoy being hit. Then again, I had never thought I would be on the verge of sucking cock before today, either, so I guess it was a day of firsts. The pinching and slapping had sent new vigour into me, and I wanted to feel it again. Wondering if it would work, I pushed him away slightly and said: "I'm not going to suck you. Fuck off."

It worked. 

He slapped me hard across my face and pulled head back by my hair. He used his other hand to forcefully open up my jaw and spat inside my mouth. 

"You will suck me, you little bitch, and you will suck me now."

Electricity coursed through my body. He let my head go and before I knew what was what, I had lathered his own spit onto his shaft with my tongue. I tried to do what he had done, but I didn't seem to be in control of my mouth. Soon, my chin and his cock were both dripping with my saliva, and I had bits of his pubic hair sticking out of my mouth. Never, in all my life, had I ever enjoyed anything as much as I enjoyed sucking his cock. 

The reason he hadn't lied down became clear very quickly. He held the back of my head, much like I had his, and thrust it forward. At the same time, he thrust his pelvis towards me, thereby pushing his cock deeper into my mouth. 

I was being face fucked, and I couldn't be more aroused. The first time he did this, my eyes watered and I gagged. He tried to pull out, but I wouldn't let him. I wanted his cock inside me, and I wasn't going to let go.

"Oh you little bitch. You like sucking cock, don't you? Don't worry, I'll cum in your mouth, and you will swallow every last drop."

I continued blowing him. He put both his hands on my shoulder and thrust again, and again I felt myself choke and coughed, but this time he didn't stop. He kept fucking my mouth until I had to back away from him and gasp for air. I spat and lay flat upon my bed, too exhausted to even think about what was going to happen next. 

He reached around me and pulled my laptop off the bed and kept it on the side table. He opened the first drawer, ruffled around in it, and shut it, evidently unable to find what he was looking for. 

"Third one down," I whispered, unable to raise my voice any higher. 

He smirked and pulled out a condom and threw it on my bare, sweaty chest. "One more," I ventured. 

His smile widened, and he took another condom out before shutting the drawer. 

"You go first, because after I am done with you, you won't even be able to fuck a pillow."

Every word he said seemed to debilitate me. I straightened up and tore open the condom packet. I put it on my cock and slid it down my shaft. I pulled some lube out from under my pillow and rubbed it over my cock. Then, I took some lube in my hands and, using my middle finger, drove it inside his ass. 

For the first time that evening, he seemed to have relinquished control. He was down on all fours on top of my bed, with his ass hanging up in the air and his head buried in his arms. 

Every time I dug my middle finger inside, he trembled and his butt cheeks clenched. I was enjoying seeing this helplessness from the man who had just fucked my mouth, and so I kept driving my finger inside his asshole. 

When I felt that he had gotten used to the sensation of one of my fingers inside him, I stuck my index finger inside too, and the whole cycle of clenching and trembling started again. I heard him whisper "fuck me" and that was my undoing. I stopped fingering him and straightened up, standing on my knees. I lubricated my dick once again, and positioned it near his hole.

Then, I started to go in. 

It was the tightest hole I had ever been in; tighter than any pussies or even assholes of women that I'd fucked. It was completely impermeable, and I could feel the pressure mounting on the head of my cock as I tried to push in. If he had been trembling and clenching before, it was nothing compared to what he was doing now. His hands were balled into fists, he was sweating profusely, and he was shaking so much that the bed itself had started to move, much like in the long forgotten video. 

I pushed in deeper, finding more and more resistance from both his tight ass muscles and the hair present in abundance, which made it even harder to penetrate. Finally, my head went inside his hole, and he screamed. It wasn't one of those pleasure mingled screams you hear in porn, but a blood curling scream of pain. I asked him if he wanted me to stop, but he said no. I realised that he needed me to fuck him if he was to justify fucking me. I didn't care.

I drove steadily inward until my cock wouldn't go in any more. His screams echoed in my now silent room endlessly, and I felt on the fence about pulling out and going back in again, but I was too driven by lust to make rational decisions. I pulled my dick out slightly, leaving the head inside his asshole, and slowly slid back in. 
