 The summer after I graduated from college I crashed on my big sister Trish's couch for a few months. What else was I supposed to do? I had earned a bachelor's degree in anthropology, which translated to no money and no job prospects.

She had a little house in the woods outside the town we grew up in, and she said I could stay there as long as I needed. She'd mentioned something about having a boyfriend, but I didn't realize until I got there that he was pretty much living with her.

His name was Joey. He worked construction during the day. Technically, he was living with his parents in the trailer park off the highway, but he slept at Trish's house almost every night (except for when they were fighting). I didn't mind. The truth was, I found Joey incredibly hot. He was a muscular guy, with a shaved head and very fair skin. He was handsome, but he had a light brown mustache that made him look really sexy in a trashy kind of way.

We became buddies. I had nothing else to do, and was wasting my days away on Trish's couch, steadfastly avoiding the rest of my life. Joey usually got home an hour before Trish, so we'd drink beer together and shoot the shit. I wasn't sure if he knew that I was gay, but he never asked so I left it open.

I was raiding my sister's fridge around 3 a.m. the night that it happened. I was washing down leftover cake with milk straight from the carton, when Joey crept out of their bedroom and walked in the kitchen.

I turned and looked at him and almost choked on my milk. He was wearing nothing but a pair of the briefest of grey briefs. He had smooth white skin and bright pink nipples. He punched me on the shoulder and reached around me, pulling a beer out of the fridge, then leaned against the counter and cracked it open.

"Your sister's asleep," he said, and took a gulp from the can. I looked down at the bulge in his drawers. It looked conspicuously fat. Something told me that he'd been trying to get his fuck on but she wasn't having it. He drank his beer, absently running his hand down his body. Then I noticed he was looking at me and had caught me staring.

He gave me a smirk, which made my heart race. It seemed to suggest that he knew what I was thinking, and furthermore, that he didn't mind. Part of me wanted to run back to the couch; but he kept me there, chatting away about this and that.

We talked in low tones, lit only by the light of the TV in the next room. He was totally putting himself on display for me. Eventually I relaxed and took the bait. Leaning back against the fridge, I unabashedly stared at his body, taking in the bulge in his underwear. He kept cupping and pulling at it in an offhand way, and though I couldn't be sure, it seemed to be changing its size and shape, swelling and then receding. He even tweaked his nipples a couple times as he ran his hand over his chest.

We seemed to stand there forever. My own dick remained steadily swollen, just shy of an actual erection. Juice was leaking out of the tip and my balls were starting to ache. I wondered where this was going. I wondered if it was just my overactive imagination, and whether in a few minutes I would be back on the couch alone, pounding my dick out of sheer frustration before passing out.

Joey finished his beer and crushed it on the counter. I don't even know what the fuck he was talking about, but as he spoke he casually hooked his thumbs in the waistband of his briefs, pulling them down to reveal his thatch of brown pubes. That was all it took for me. My fully hard cock was trapped between my pelvis and my cargo shorts. I ran my hand along it, still watching him, still listening to him.

He saw what I was doing and his eyes met mine.

"You horny?" he said.

"Yeah."

"Yeah me too," he said. In the next room, Judge Judy was reaming somebody out on TV. The sound floated into the kitchen and seemed to bisect into the reality of what was happening. Joey's eyes darted away from my face and then back again. For all the signals we'd given each other (and it only became clear to me now that that was what we'd been doing), he still seemed unsure, afraid of exposing himself. I found that fairly irresistible, and I smiled to let him know it was cool.

"You're gay, right?" he asked me.

"Yeah. Have you ever messed around with a guy?"

"Not really." I didn't ask what that meant, though I wondered then and I wonder still.

"You're really hot," I said. Joey got closer to me. I touched his sides, and he looked up at me with big blue eyes. I leaned into him and our lips met. His were soft and inviting. I slid my tongue into his mouth. His tongue wriggled against mine. He pulled my head tight against his as we made out, our bodies inching ever closer. His smooth chest made contact with mine, and our bulges pressed together first gently, then with increasing force. A loud commercial came on and popped us back into reality.

"Holy shit," he said, pulling back from me.

"Fuck. We can't..." I started to say, but Joey stopped me.

"We can go out to my car."

"Okay," I said, my previous resistance making a quick retreat into the background as I watched Joey slip on a pair of sneakers, his hard dick still tenting out the front of his briefs.

I put on my flip flops and we headed out the door, quietly shutting it behind us. It was a damp but cool mid-summer night, and the forest air was dank and green. Joey scuttled down the stairs in nothing but his briefs and tennis shoes, and I followed. His Cadillac—a rambling, maroon-colored thing—was parked right in front of the house. We went in through the driver's side door, and I crawled into the vast back seat. Joey shut the door behind him, being careful not to do it loudly. Out here, in the middle of nowhere, you could practically hear anything. And there was no sense in taking chances when my sister was asleep not twenty yards away.

I didn't have time to dwell on this though, because Joey crawled right back on top of me and again pressed his body to mine. We kissed with less inhibition now, our slight moans suppressed inside the padded surfaces of the automobile.

I reached down and felt Joey's hard dick, pressed like a steel pipe against his thigh. "Mmmm," he moaned into my mouth, feeding me his tongue. I took my hand off his dick and grabbed his ass, pressing him into me tighter. We couldn't get close enough.

Joey rose and I leaned up to meet him. He aggressively pushed me back down on to the seat. I reached for his chest, tweaking his nipples and running my hands along his smooth skin, tracing his treasure trail to the waistband of his underwear. I tucked a finger inside and Joey took in his breath. His pole was still tenting out his undies, and a wet spot had formed where the head of his cock met the fabric. I pulled down the elastic and his cock popped out, bouncing up and down as if beckoning me closer.

His dick was as pale and smooth as the rest of his body. It was well proportioned and beautiful. I caressed the underside of his cock with the tip of my finger, making Joey swoon. He crushed his body back onto mine and we kissed some more, Joey humping his naked dick against my clothed one.

He helped me to take my shirt off, then pulled off my shorts. My hard dick slapped back against my flat stomach. I've got a pretty big one, and Joey seemed fascinated by it. He wrapped his hand around the base and felt it up, almost like he was appraising it, or comparing it to his own. After a moment's hesitation, he leaned down and slipped his lips around the head. Holy shit did it feel good. He took it in his mouth about halfway before sliding back up again. He was inexperienced, for sure, but he really seemed to get off on the effort, stroking his dick as he sucked mine. He got overzealous and choked on it a couple of times, but never gave up.

After a minute, I decided to give him his due. He sat back and I got down in between his legs. I slid off his briefs, taking in his whole package, including a nice set of balls hanging in a pale fuzzy sack. His hard dick pulsed against his stomach. I practically had to pry it up, it was so fucking hard. A pearly drop of pre-cum rose from the tip, and I tasted this first as I sunk his entire dick in my mouth. Joey groaned. I kept my lips tight, blowing him like I knew my sister (or any other woman, for that matter) never could.

Joey thrust his hips up to fuck my willing lips, spreading open his thighs so I could feel his balls and the space beneath them. His dick was leaking juice like drool from the mouth of a baby. I licked at his taint, which really got him going. He shouted out loud when the tip of my tongue flirted with the slick rim of his butthole.

I delved into his ass and ate him out properly. He had a beautiful hole, pink and moist, rimmed with hair. He lifted up his legs as I ate out his quivering squinch. He tensed and relaxed, making my tongue work hard against his tight pucker before he unclenched and half of my tongue slid up his hot butthole.

"Oh shit," Joey said. "Oh, fuck yeah. That's awesome." With his hands he spread his ass cheeks wide, really letting his self get into it. I licked up and down his crack, spearing my tongue into his hole and giving him just what he wanted.

"That feels fucking incredible," Joey said as I broke away from his ass. "I've never had a girl do that before."

"Most girls won't, I'd imagine." Joey watched me as I leaned back and wiped my mouth.

"I want to fuck you," he said, fisting his dick.

"Alright. We can try." I wasn't used to getting fucked, but I sure as hell wasn't going to turn him down. I wanted to experience what my sister had been getting up until now.

"Hold on," Joey said, leaning up between the seats and reaching into the glove box. He came back with a wrapped condom and a smile on his face. "I always keep em handy."

"We're gonna need some lube I think." Joey rooted around in the glove box some more. I pressed my finger to my asshole, testing the waters. My dick throbbed and I thought, this is gonna be good.

"Shit, I don't have anything for that. The condom is pre-lubed, though."

"I don't care. I need your dick in me." I had on leg up on the back of the seat and the other leg on the back of the driver's seat, pressing harder against my exposed hole. Joey looked down at me, and a wave of almost palpable desire spread over his face. He took my ankles in his hands and raised my ass up toward his face. Diving right in, he buried his tongue into my pink hole, sloppily eating out my ass.

I nearly melted into the car seat. Joey's slick tongue made mush out of my quivering hole. I wasn't sure if he'd ever done it before, but it really seemed to get him going. By the time he lowered my ass in preparation to mount me, his dick was as red hot and hard as a fire poker. He wetted his finger and pressed it against my butthole. I relaxed as he worked it in. Keeping his eyes trained on me, he pressed more and more of his finger inside, until he was knuckle-deep. I gasped. I was so turned on, I felt like the slightest breeze over my dick would make me cum.

Joey slid on the condom. Holding my leg in the air, he pressed his dick to my ass, forcing pressure against the tender entrance until, finally, the head popped inside. Needing a moment to adjust, I put out my hand to keep him from going further. Slowly, a warmth spread over me. Joey slid more of himself inside, apparently unable to resist the exquisite sensation of my tight ass wrapped around his cock.

"Fuck me," I said. "Give me all you got." He worked his hips in tight, fluid motions, feeding his dick into my ass with smooth and insistent strokes. I grabbed his furry ass and pulled him into me, sinking his dick in to the hilt. He hit his stride, fucking me like an animal, leaning forward and mashing his lips and tongue against mine as his dick forced itself inside.

"Let's do it from behind," Joey suggested, and I somehow managed to turn over with his dick still in my ass. Joey kept fucking me, barely missing a beat. I was lost in total lust for this guy, my dick rock hard and bouncing against my stomach. Joey really got into it then, slapping my ass as he pounded into me. He reached down and grabbed on to my cock. He gave it a few strokes and I felt my load rise up out of my balls.

"Shit, Joey, you're gonna make me cum," I said. Joey just gripped my dick harder and pumped away. "I'm gonna blow...ah...fuck...ah!" Ropes of cum spewed out of my dick and landed all over his upholstery. Joey held on until I had shot the last of my load, then he reared back, taking his dick out of my ass. I heard the condom slid off his dick wetly, and heard him grunt and groan as he gave a couple good pulls on his dick.

"Fuck yeah...oh fuck...oh shit....fuck!" he shouted, as hot jets of jizz splattered my back and my ass. Joey pressed his dick down, running the drippy head all over my ass cheeks. I could feel his load running down my sides, trailing all over my skin. Joey rubbed it into me, then bent down and licked it off of my back. I turned around and he shared his load with me, the taste searing my tongue as we kissed, our spent bodies lolling weakly against each other until he finally collapsed on top of me.

I don't know how long we laid there, listening to the crickets chirping out in the night air. I know it took us a minute to register the sound of the front door slamming, hard. There was only one thing that could mean. We both looked up at the house in shock, and saw the kitchen light was on.

"Oh fuck. Holy shit. Do you think she saw us?" Joey was scrambling to put his briefs on. I didn't say anything. I knew she had seen us. My stomach had dropped out as soon as I'd heard the door slam, and my ears still seemed to ring with the dull, blank shock of it.

I followed Joey up the stairs to the front door. The lights were on and she had locked us out. Joey begged and pleaded to my sister inside, who said nothing. I knew it was only a matter of time before she called the cops or tried to kill us. I sat on the stoop with my head in my hands, blearily aware that—whether I liked it or not—my life had just gotten a swift kick in the nuts. Things were bound to change now, in one way or another, for better or for worse.

Part II

I was trying to be good, I really truly was. Then Joey walked up to me in the gas station wearing a black ribbed shirt tight enough to show the hard, nubby nipples on his pecs.

"Hey Nate," he said. What was I supposed to do? I said "hey" back. "Long time no see," he said, getting really close to me so our conversation wouldn't carry into the store. The place was bustling, as usual -- the Sheetz on Market Street is sort of the hub of my small town. "What have you been up to?"

Since..., I thought. Since the night I'd trashed my relationship with my sister, probably for good, by sleeping with him. "I've been alright," I said. "How about you?"

"Good," he said, sliding his hands into the pockets of his track pants, inching the waist of them low enough so that his taut, white stomach showed. "I thought maybe you'd went back to the city."

"Nah," I said. "Still here." Of course I'd known that Joey was still around. About a month ago my mom had mentioned, casually, that my sister was seeing "that construction worker again, that Joey." She was mercifully in the dark about me and my sister's falling out, and I sure as shit didn't see a reason to go into specifics.

"I got a job up at the hospital," I said. "Just admissions, paperwork and stuff. It's good."

"Cool. So where do you live?"

"I was staying with my parents but I just got a place, right down the street from here, actually, in the old opera house building."

"Cool," Joey said. He looked around then back at me. "So, like, what are you doing later?"

It was the moment I'd both anticipated and feared. Despite the guilt that had sometimes made me physically ill over the past four months, I still wanted him. Dreamt about him. Jacked off thinking about him. And yeah, I'd even driven past his parents' trailer more than a few times, just to make sure he was still around.

"Nothing," I said.

"I'm supposed to go to this party, but if you --"

"Joey -- you comin?" called a voice from across the store. Joey looked back toward the door and I followed his gaze to Roger Eli, a guy who'd been a couple years ahead of me in school. Joey turned back to me.

"I want to stop by later tonight," he said. "What apartment?"

I found myself saying "Four-oh-two." Joey nodded and turned and strode to the door where Roger waited, holding open the door. They walked out together, and I put my pint of Ben & Jerry's back in the freezer and headed home to wait.

***

What I came to realize in the next few weeks was that Joey was an insatiable sex hound who seemed attracted to me possibly for the sole reason that I was willing to get it on as often as he was.

He showed up at my door a little after midnight, that first night, looking drunk and half horny, half apprehensive. But it was less than a minute before we were full-on making out. He fucked me against the kitchen counter, pounding my ass with an intensity I'd forgotten from our last encounter. We hardly talked, just boned away until we both blew, he in the condom up my ass and me all over the cookie sheet I'd used to make garlic bread earlier that evening.

And later, after I'd reheated the rest of that bread and we'd eaten it with some leftover pasta and a generous amount of cheap wine, he fucked me again -- this time in the shower, and bareback, and we came together as he held me fully aloft, my legs wrapped around his waist and his arms under my thighs, hoisting me up as he plowed his dick into me.

And the next morning (I'd made him sleep on the couch) he woke me up by coming into my room with a big old boner in his boxer briefs, which he stuffed in my ass for the third time in six hours.

So I filed my guilt away to the back cabinets of my mind and got it on with him, the best lay of my life. We fucked at least once a day. I gave him a key to my place. Sometimes I'd come home to find him naked in my bed, boner ready and waiting. I'd hop on and ride him before I even ate dinner.

Then one Friday when he'd come over with a case of beer and the intention of fucking me all night, he told me "Your sister's been wondering where I am all the time."

We'd just had a shower and were sitting on the couch watching TV, passing a joint.

"What did you tell her?" I said.

"Well she knows my mom is sick. I tell her I'm over there helping them out, but she must know something's up cause my mom said she saw Trish's car going past a couple times when I was over here."

"Fuck," I said, blowing out a hit. "You don't think she suspects anything, do you?"

"No way," Joey said. He set the roach on the coffee table. "She -- she never talks about that night. Even though I apologized for it and all. She's caught me cheating on her before with Jen Ericksen. I think she thinks I'm with her."

"Fuck," I said again.

"I'm careful. I always park in back when I come here."

"I know. Still." I was stoned and the full gravity of my situation was hitting me way too hard. I must have been sitting there lost in my own thoughts for a good while, cause Joey finally called over to me.

"Hey," he said. I looked at him, laid back on the couch, wearing nothing but a pair of basketball shorts, his hard cock tenting up the crotch. I reached over, and pulled down the waistband. Joey's breathing got faster. So did mine. I got between his legs so his cock was in front of my face.

"Does Trish suck your cock?" I said.

"Sometimes," Joey said.

"Does she suck it as good as me?"

"No way," Joey said. I went down on him, a few passes, sucking just as well as I could -- no teeth, deep throat, tongue sliding hard against the underside.

"Tell me more about what she's like," I said when I came up for air. My cock was hard and I humped it against the couch cushion as Joey talked.
