 I had been playing around in the chat rooms on AFF for a while when I saw a profile pic that caught my eye. The pic seemed to be of a very fit guy with a very impressive package to boot. I saw he was still in the chat room so I sent him an IM and was surprised when he actually responded. So many of the people in these rooms are weird and will not chat with someone they do not know. I was in a chat room that covered several states and was surprised again when he said he was from the same town I lived in. We started chatting and I found out his name was Daniel, but I told him my name was Bill. We were in a straight room so I did not want to bring up any freaky issues right away. He asked me what I was into and what I was looking for. I told him that I was always up for some fun, whatever may come along hoping he was up for the same.

He replied and asked me if I had ever had any thoughts of playing around with a guy. I replied that I had actually had a few experiences and was always up for another in the right circumstance. We continued to chat and decided to meet at a local bar to see what would happen and give each other a good chance to back out. Once he walked up to me in the bar I knew him immediately and the fact that he walked straight over to me told me that he did the same. We sat there and chatted and to be honest, it was like we had known each other for a while like friends. I will describe him a little to for mental image. Daniel was my age, clean cut and very well spoken and almost as tall, but not quite. We had a few drinks and decided that we were both game for some fun so I invited him back to my place since I lived just a few miles away. I told him in the bar that if we do this I needed him to take control as I am very shy with new people. 

Once we got back to my place I set us up with a few drinks and we continued to chat trying to put me at ease. He suggested I put in a porn because that would start the mood. Well it worked. I was getting turned on by the porn and he noticed that I was rubbing myself and that's where his demeanor changed. He asked me if my cock was hard and I answered that yes it was. He said that it was a shame that he had to watch a guy on TV get his cock sucked while he did not. He told me to kneel on the floor in front of his chair and massage his cock, to appreciate what he was going to give me. I did as I was told and got on the floor on my knees and reached p to rub his crotch. He was already so hard that it was turning me on even more. As I rubbed his cock through his loose shorts I could tell two things: one; that he was as turned on as I was, and two; he was really large. 

I was rubbing his cock for several minutes when he lifted his hips and told me to remove his shorts and I complied. As I was pulled his shorts down I was so amazed at the size of his cock I just had to stop for a second and take it all in what was happening. I then leaned forward and began to lick his cock from the base to the tip while still pulling his shorts down. Just as I got his shorts to the floor I opened my mouth and took in his cock head. He was so thick I had to actually work his head into my mouth. His cock was about 8 inches and almost as thick as my wrist. I had never seen a cock in person that size. Up to this point I had only a few experiences and all the guys were about 7 inches and average size. This guy was going to take some work, but it was going to be fun. 

The more I worked with his cock the more I was beginning to relax. As I relaxed I began to be able to adjust to more and more of his size in my mouth. Pretty soon I could feel him hitting the back of my throat and my gag reflex. I have to admit that my eyes were watering from the strain of trying to get that monster down my throat. He could sense my discomfort and then I saw a different side of him. He grabbed the back of my head and began to force me down onto his cock. He was making me gag and choke something awful. He obviously had the experience because after a few minutes of brutally fucking my mouth (seemed like hours while I was struggling) I noticed he was going deeper and deeper with every stroke. In no time my nose was pushing against his abdomen and I was able to lick his balls while I had a mouth and throat full of his cock. I was able to relax my throat and he began to stroke my mouth like he was fucking someone deep.

I managed to accommodate him for a while and I think he sensed my jaw was getting sore and he pulled me by the hair off his cock and pushed me over to the back of the sofa. In no time I felt a cool sensation on my ass and then I felt his hands on my hips as he told me to help him into me. I then felt the size of him pushing against my ass and just as I was about to tell him to take it slow because he was so big, I lost my breath. I lost my breath because I gasped as I felt like I was being split in two. He had pushed into me entirely in one hard push. I did not know what was happening and luckily he stopped and gave me a chance to get accustomed to him inside of me. I thought there was no way I could let him tear me apart like this and then I noticed that while he was still not moving, I had began to ease off of him a little and then as soon as he felt that, he thrust back into me entirely. Then he began to stroke me, short at first, and then he got into a long deep stroke which was driving me crazy. He started talking to me like he owned me and that was turning me on because it was like he was forcing me to have this enjoyment. Then he began to pull out of me all the way and then back into me all the way. For some reason that was giving me the strongest sense of being filled and then being empty at the same time. He was driving me crazy. 

He was really fucking me good for a while when I could tell that his stroking had changed. I could actually feel that he had gotten harder and was picking up the pace of driving into me. Then without warning he pulled out and sat on the floor with his back to the sofa and reached up and grabbed my cock and told me that I better sit on his cock and do it fast. I followed his command and was facing him as I sat down on his throbbing huge cock. Even as I was sitting down on him I still could not believe that this monster cock would fit inside of me. 

This time I was in control of the stroking and I was taking advantage of it. In this position, taking him deep was a whole new thrill because he was beating up my prostate and I could tell I would not last long. I was going to town on his cock when I felt a very hot sensation in my cock and it only intensified my motions. I did not know what was happening as I looked down to my cock just as it began to erupt with my load of cum all over his chest. I did not miss a stroke as I was cumming. I was cumming all over his chest and no one had ever even touched my cock. I did not know that was possible. I happened to notice that one of my shots of cum had landed just by his mouth and he had not wiped it away. I had no idea how he would take that but thankfully I did not have to worry too long about it. He grabbed me by the hair again and told me to get off him which I did and he pulled my face down to his cock. I began to jerk him off while taking him into my mouth and I could sense he was getting harder again. He was actually getting bigger and just as I assumed he was going to cum I felt him pull my head deeper onto him as I felt a very hot sensation hitting the back of my mouth. He was cumming in my mouth!!! I had never experienced that before. I did not know what to do but I knew I did not want to let any spill out of my mouth. After a few blasts of his cum, he pulled me off his cock and let me continue to jerk him off as he came on his abs and chest where I had just came. I surprised myself when I swallowed the load he had just given me then I went at his cock again to clean it up. I took his cock in my mouth as was sucking him dry when I felt him softening so I let him slide from my mouth. I was just lying there between his legs in awe at what all had jut happened when he started rubbing our cum into his chest. That was so hot and then he wiped my cum from beside his mouth and put his fingers into his mouth and licked them clean. 

After he got his composure back he said that he definitely enjoyed it and we should hook up again. I told him I agreed and then he got dressed and left. I can honestly say that I already had an empty feeling inside me after he had gone. In one moment I was so stuffed with a hot hard cock and then a few moments later just like that I was alone again. It was almost like I had imagined it all until I could actually start to feel some tingling in my ass from being so filled and stretched. 

Daniel and I tried several times afterwards to hook up but could not make it happen. He had even arranged for me to meet him with one of his buddies but because of work I could not make it. I had to hear about it on the messenger the next day. That was so wrong. Such torture to know I could have been there enjoying twice what I already had.