 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

Over the past several weeks, my wife noticed I was in a better mood lately and remarked how the relationship between me and Tyler seemed closer (even though we were always close.) That made my wife happy and she was getting a bit frisky lately. Twice in one week as I was taking a shower, she comes into our master bathroom, drops robe and joins me. It doesn't hurt we have a very large two-person two shower-head stall I installed a few years ago when renovating our bathroom. This bathroom would have been ideal for Tyler right after his accident, but he couldn't do stairs very well and settling him into the finished basement was the best choice while he recovered.

When my wife jumped into the shower with me, we spent a beautiful time washing each other and then she went on her knees giving me a blow job. Now, I am one never to turn down a blow job and my wife did an admirable job. But, after a few minutes, I pulled her back up as I sat down on the built-in seat while we finished the shower with her riding my cock. She has always been an amazing fuck, and as usual her pussy brought me to a satisfying climax.

But, ever since Tyler and I have been exploring each other, I have learned to appreciate the art of sucking a cock. Guys just simply know how to please each other. When I suck Tyler, I not only use my mouth, I use my tongue, I use my hands stroking him and feeling his balls. His moans of approval provide me the fuel to edge him more. Tyler really enjoys a blow job and his body responds accordingly. That just turns me on! Of course, I always swallow for him as I love the feel, taste and smell of hot cum spurting in my mouth. Tyler loves it too as you know. Gosh, why did I wait this long in my life to experience sex with men. I love women, but I sure love guys too. I guess I am coming to the realization that I am - and have always been bi-sexual. It is no wonder that Tyler told me he and Sam were too. The beautiful thing about Tyler's generation is there are no hang-ups with sexuality. I am still learning, but I am very grateful to Tyler for opening my eyes to this new world.

Ever since our couch encounter, I noticed some subtle changes with Tyler's behavior around the house. He used to walk out of the bathroom with a towel tightly wrapped around his waist and go right into his bedroom and lock the door. It was all very normal that a young guy would want to be modest, especially with his sister and mother in the house. But it took me awhile to realize when it was just the two of us home alone, he would walk around in his briefs or simply wearing nothing at all.

Things really changed when the girls left the house for two nights to visit my wife's sister located three hours away and Sam stayed over for a long weekend. As I returned from the gym Saturday morning, I was greeted by Tyler and Sam in the kitchen with both men walking around in only tight colored silky briefs. I was a bit surprised by their boldness and when I said, 'Good Morning." Both boys hugged me very tightly with Tyler saying, it looks like it is just us boys this weekend. There is no way Tyler would ever wear those in front of his mother or sisters.

Tyler stated I was just in time for breakfast as the boys cooked up some eggs and bacon. Watching them strut around in their briefs was a beautiful sight. As we sat and ate breakfast, I asked what the agenda was for this weekend. Tyler looked at Sam, then at me and said, "we would like to spend the morning with you dad. We haven't taken a shower because we were waiting for you to get back from the gym."

After breakfast Tyler led us upstairs to the master bath. As I started the shower, the boys took off their briefs. When I turned around, Tyler grabbed my tee shirt to lift off and Sam got on his knees grabbing my gym shorts and briefs and pulled them off in one shot. Here was Sam kneeling in front of me with his face at my crotch. He said, "Mr. Smith, I have been curious if Tyler was like you in the dick department." He cupped my cock and balls in his hand as he stood back up. I said, "Tyler has an inch on me and slightly larger balls" and I chucked.

When I looked at the boys, I quickly realized their crotches were completely shaved. I put both of my hands on their bodies as I began to feel the boys' cock and balls and it felt so smooth and beautiful. They never had big bushes, but now it is clearly shaved. I always trimmed a bit, but never shaved and I mentioned that to Sam and Tyler. Tyler said, "Come 'on dad, we want to do that for you now, you'll love it" As we stepped into the shower, Tyler grabbed a scissor, razor and shaving cream.

After we all got wet, I grabbed the shampoo and squirted some on Sam's head and began to massage his scalp while Tyler cleaned his upper body. Tyler said, "Dad show Sam what you did to me in the shower that first time. Sam has really been talking about it for weeks." I said, "With pleasure" as I mimicked my shower routine with Tyler following his accident. Tyler sat on the seat and watched me repeat all the same movements. Instead of jerking Sam off at the end, I got on my knees and took Sam in my mouth. As I licked and deep throated him, I caressed his balls. Tyler stood up and passionately kissed Sam. Soon, Sam was wildly bucking his hips and I held his ass tightly while he spewed in my mouth. I swallowed every drop! As I continued to milk Sam's cock, I turned my head and immediately took Tyler's cock into my mouth. I could hear the boys continually kissing which turned me on even more. In just one minute, Tyler moaned in Sam's mouth as he burst down my throat. After holding 4 volleys of cum in my mouth, I got up, grabbed their heads together as I inserted my mouth between them and shared Tyler's cum between the boys. Passionate kissing, sharing cum and playing with tongues is such a turn-on for me my cock hurt it was so hard. We stayed that way for about 5 minutes letting the water run over us as we enjoyed the moment.

Tyler and Sam pushed me down on the built-in seat, adjusted the shower head away from me and knelt down. Sam held my cock like a stick shift, while Tyler grabbed the scissors and trimmed my pubic hair up to my low waist line below my belly button. I just sat there looking at Sam with fear. He saw that and slowly began to stroke my cock which felt so good it was torture. When the trimming was done, Tyler spread a large amount of shaving cream all over and grabbed a razor. The boys looked up at me and said, "stay still" as Tyler slowly and carefully shaved my crotch. Sam grabbed my balls and pulled them tightly to eliminate any slack as Tyler did his job. He worked between my thighs and between my ball sac and ass. As Sam was holding my rock-hard cock Tyler said, "Dad, Sam and I just did this on each other last night. Don't worry." Within a minute, I was done.

After they rinsed me off Sam grabbed some body oil and poured it all over my groin and between my legs to minimize any discomfort. Off course, he was stroking my cock as he applied the oil. When he was done, he knelt down and took my cock into his mouth while Tyler knelt to lick and suck my balls. The feeling was incredible. When I said I was going to cum, Sam pulled off and grabbed Tyler's head and held it next to his as the boys told me to shoot onto their faces. I shot into their mouths, on their noses and into Tyler's eye. I bent down to lick the cum off both of their faces while kissing. Wow, three people kissing at once is an incredible experience!

We readjusted the shower head and washed each other again. With the water shut off I grabbed 3 towels as we dried off. Stepping into the bedroom I stood in front of the mirror looking at my shaved crotch. The boys did a fantastic job and you wouldn't be able to tell with my underwear on. Tyler and Sam came up to me at the mirror and glided their hands over my body as we looked at each other through the mirror. Their hands felt so awesome on my smooth, freshy oiled skin. Tyler went into my dresser and pulled out a pair of spandex boxer briefs and said, "Dad I bought these for you." As he bent down in front of me, he licked my cock quickly and helped me step into these briefs. As soon as I had them on, the feeling was awesome. The spandex against my skin hugging my junk turned me on. Sam helped me adjust my bulge to get the exact fit. I thanked Tyler as I would never buy a pair for myself.

The boys each put on a similar pair and we all began to get dressed for the day. The boys said they were going out for a while and I was going to get some work done while the house was quiet. I told the boys that I would make a steak dinner on the grill for later and then we could watch a game if they wanted. They said that would be cool and would be back by 5 o'clock.

As they were getting ready to leave, Tyler told me that Chris would also be stopping by for dinner too. Tyler said Chris wanted to show Tyler a new game that he just picked up. I am not into gaming - never have been, but these boys just love it. I know Chris and Tyler often communicate over the headset together when their schedules permit. I wonder how Chris actually does so well in school considering he lives in a dorm and spends so much time gaming. It didn't matter that Brittany was away with her mother, it just gave Chris more time for gaming with his friends.

After the boys left, I drove to the grocery store to pick up some steaks and fixings' and called my wife to check in and update her on our plans. I told Brittany that Chris was coming over to hang with Tyler and she thought that was great. I also did a beer run as I want to have plenty of beer in the house, especially considering I will have 4 men eating a steak dinner. When I got home, I prepped the dinner, marinated the steak and was able to spend about 3 hours catching up on some work. I deliberately put the idea of the boys coming over out of my mind, or I would never have been able to get anything done. It seems that I have been obsessing about men all the time whether at work, at the mall, in the car, etc. I find myself glancing at crotches and wondering they have between their legs.

About 3:30 I hear the side door opening and in walks Chris. He is such a handsome guy, and has such a sweet, caring personality that as a dad I think he is perfect for my daughter. He is a bit shorter than my kids standing at 5'6, 152, clean cut with an athletic physique. He knows what he wants in life and is driven to get it, but without the edge. He is a quiet, confident man. I have gotten to admire him over the past 3 years that he and Brittany dated. We treat him as part of the family and has become very comfortable with us over the years. As my son-in-law Matthew would attest, I treat my daughters' men not as 'sons-in-law' but as my sons. Even Sam is treated as an adopted son when he is at the house. That is how my wife and I were raised and how we extend that familial culture toward our kids and their friends.

Tyler texted me they would be about an hour later than planned. I responded that Chris was here, and we would get dinner ready so to be home by 6. When Chris came into the kitchen, I walked up to him and gave him a firm hug and then handed him a beer. He asked where Tyler was, and I told him he and Sam would arrive around 6. I said, "it is you and me for the next 2.5 hours." We put the game on in the living room while Chris followed me into the kitchen as I finished some last-minute prepping. As we were chatting, I noticed Chris reaching up and rubbing his neck several times. I asked him if he was alright and he replied that his neck hurt as he fell asleep with his head extended while watching TV two nights ago and the pain still hasn't gone away. I told him it is probably muscle pain. I told him to check out the medicine cabinet as there was some ibuprofen that could help him out. 

After a few minutes he came back and said he found some meds. After I was done in the kitchen, I grabbed two more beers, gave one to Chris and told him I can help relieve his neck pain. He followed me into the study located adjacent to the living room. I took out of the closet a portable heated massage table we had for several years.

It took me a minute to set it up. As Chris finished his beer, I grabbed a two sheets and pillow and some unscented quality massage oil. I told Chris to take his shoes and shirt off and lay on his stomach with his face in the head rest. As he was getting settled, I told him I have given many massages over the years but was not professionally trained. As he lay on the table with his pants and tee shirt on, I said, "I will be right back." I grabbed a blind fold and quickly stripped down to a tee shirt, briefs and socks.

With his face resting in the headrest and his body lying on a heated table, I began to rub the oil into his neck. I worked from the back of his ears, hairline and neck for about 10 minutes. I whispered if was alright and he moaned, "yes." I told him to completely relax and enjoy the massage and to let me know if he needed anything. After a few minutes, I said to Chris, "you need to remove your tee-shirt, so I don't get oil on it." He slowly sat up, pulled the shirt over his head and said, "I feel woozy. I wonder if it is the meds?" I said, "why, what did you take? He said I saw you had muscle relaxers in the cabinet for Tyler and I took two."

I asked Chris, "I thought you were going to take ibuprofen?" He said, "I was but then I saw the muscle pills and I thought that would be better." I said, "well, let's hold off on another the beer for a bit while until these pills wear off. Just lay down and just enjoy the massage, you'll be alright." I was chuckling to myself since I knew it wouldn't cause him any harm, but it will make him a bit sleepy and carefree. These pills were prescribed for Tyler following his accident and they were high dosage.

As he began to lay back down, he said very slowly, "Mr. Smith why did you take your pants and shirt off?" I said, "because I didn't want to get any oil on my clothes which is why I took your shirt off." He said, "Good idea."

As Chris laid back on his stomach, I started on his neck again for a few minutes and then worked down his back, making sure to rub his entire backside and lightly touch his sides. Chris just moaned as I continued to work him over. Each time I reached his lower back, I would let my finger slip under his pants to touch the crack of his ass to gage his reaction. He moaned and slightly lifted his ass as if to reach my fingers. After about 10 minutes, I told Chris to flip over and scooted him onto the table while I removed the head rest. I placed the blind fold over his eyes and told him to relax and just enjoy it. I whispered into his ear he had a hot bod. He just smiled.

I began to massage his head, temples, cheek bones and neck as my fingers followed the contours of his face. I then started at his collar bone, hitting his chest and massaging his pecs. When I touched his nipples and lightly squeezed them, he let out a gasp. I continued down to his stomach, encircling his belly button and slowly slipped a few fingers into his pants reaching down until I could feel his pubic hair. As I did this, I leaned into Chris's ear and said, I will remove your pants, so I don't get oil on them. He just nodded. I wiped my hands on a towel and slowly loosened the belt of his jeans and pulled the belt off. I then unbuttoned and pulled the zipper down ever so slowly lightly caressing a growing bulge. As I pulled his pants off, his underwear came off too. I was afraid he would resist, but he just lifted his hips to assist me.

I stood there for a minute admiring this hot 22-year-old stud. For a short guy, he was surely packing. He had a thick, cut cock that would soon grow to 8 inches. Man, how do these small guys hide these big guns so well, I wondered? He had a nice bush and two beautiful balls!

I continued with the massage starting at his belly and lightly touching his cock as I worked my way down. I then went to his feet, pulled off his socks and began to massage each foot. I knelt down and inhaled his wonderful scent. I couldn't resist the urge of sucking on each toe and sticking my tongue between each one. 

At this point, he was squirming as I massaged the heel and ball of each foot. I then caressed and massaged each ankle. His whole body was moving in ecstasy and I was hitting all the right spots.

As I worked up each calf and then into his thighs, he was clearly enjoying the touch. He spread his legs for me as I reached into his upper thigh and caressed his balls. Lastly, I poured oil into my hand and lightly touched his cockhead. He let out a gasp as his mouth opened. As I lightly stroked Chris, I just watched his facial reactions to my touch. I slowly began to stroke him for a bit and Chris was really enjoying it. Then, I would pause, and he would get a pained look on his face. I would start up again and then stop. If I was only looking at his face and didn't know what I was doing, I would think he was being tortured. It was very entertaining.

He must have felt I wasn't going fast enough since he reached over to stroke himself and I slapped his hand away. I then started to slowly stroke and whispered into his ear and said, "do you like that?" He licked his lips and said, "yes." I lightly touched my lips to his. He responded by opening his mouth as I pushed my tongue into his hungry mouth. He kissed me back - hard. I held his head as our tongues were dancing as I continued to stroke him faster and faster. He finally yelled into my mouth, "I am coming" as I continued to jerk him off with full firm strokes. The cum started flying as his whole body was bucking. After his calmed down a bit, I scooped up some cum onto his finger and brought it to his mouth as I shoved in. I said, "that's right clean off your fingers." I scooped up a bit with his other hand and said, "watch me" as I swallowed some of his cum. I smiled and leaned in to give him a loving kiss and said, "I hope you are feeling better now."

As I helped him to sit up, he looked down and saw that I had a hard on too. I said Chris would you like to take a shower? He said, "that would be great." I grabbed his clothes, helped him get upstairs to the master bath. I turned on the water, gave him a towel and said come down when you're done.

I went back to the study, put everything away, got dressed and realized it was only 5:15 when Chris came back downstairs. I walked over and gave a large glass of milk he gulped down as I asked if he was alright. He replied, "I think so, I just feel a bit weird." I took Chris by the hand and sat him on the couch next to me and put my hand on his knee and looked him in the eye and said, "Chris, this will be forever between you and me. If it isn't it is because you decided to share it. This was no big deal, it was just me helping you to relax a bit. A guy being touched always gets aroused and it is not big deal. I don't think or look at you any differently then before. I love you Chris and think you are a terrific young man."

I got up and walked away and started to set the table for dinner. About 5:30 Tyler and Sam walk in and immediately, I felt some tension released in the air. After some high fives, the 3 boys go downstairs to look at a new game and as I prepared dinner. I did notice that Chris walked down the stairs a little slower as he was still affected by those muscle relaxers. This was certainly going to be an interesting Saturday night.