 I never thought Jake Jones, my son's bully, would ever suck MY cock, let alone invite me to stay after, but here we were. I was sitting at his counter, watching him make scrambled eggs, wearing nothing but an apron. His parents were still gone for the week and we had his mini mansion all to ourselves.

I was sipping coffee, watching his toned ass, when I remembered how I even met this Adonis in the first place: Billy. 

"Jake, can I ask you a question?"

"Of course you can" he responded without looking back. His back muscles looked so good I almost forgot to speak. 

"Have you kept up your end of the deal? The one we made after our first encounter, to stop bullying Billy?" 

He snickered. God, he was so cute. 

"You know, "bullying" is such a harsh word. I prefer ti think of what I do as..keeping in check. Billy tends to think he's all that, and I think it's good that he gots knocked down a peg. Reminded of his place in life." 

I hated to think of Billy as arrogant, but I was glad he had someone like Jake to keep him in check. 

I know that sounds crazy, but at the time it made sense. 

"But yes, I've left him alone. Haven't felt like talking to him, now that his dad is my little cockslut."

He made degradation feel so loving.

He put some eggs on a plate and joined me at the counter, putting it in front of me. 

"Eat up, Stanley boy, you'll need your strength." 

I dug in and the eggs were delicious, cooked with great care. Jake and I conversed and I learned there was a whole lot more depth to him than I had expected: He was a great admirer of art, was writing a sci fi novel, and, like me, loved hiking. I really enjoyed getting to know him, and I was especially fond of the way his foot kept rubbing up and down my leg. 

Our eyes met and locked until we started giggling. He bit his bottom lip and I lunged at him, my lips taking his upper lip until he was eventually biting mine.

His hand clasped my neck as my mouth melted into his. My eyes were closed as my hands worked their way up his thigh, under his apron until they found his hardness. I stroked it slowly, savoring every second. He laughed with approval. 

When he broke the kiss I opened my eyes and saw him smile before giving my lips a quick lick. 

"Take off your clothes" he whispered. 

I ripped them off and then went for his apron, throwing it across the room before attacking his lips again. Soon it was his neck, then licking his chest before getting back to that cock which was hard like it hadn't just come minutes ago. 

It took it's rightful place in my mouth and I started slobbering like a bitch in heat. The feeling of his strong hand on my head was also a welcomed return. 

I was ready to suck him till completion, until he stopped me and ordered me to stand up. Soon I was leaning forward against the counter, my hands on the stainless steel and my legs spreading. 

Was he really about to..he was. 

Jake's tongue penetrated my virgin ass and I thought I was going to explode or implode. It was something else, otherworldly. 

He ate me out so lovingly, his hands firmly grasping my backside, his tongue circling inside me. 

"Oh, Jake Jake Jake Jake" was all I could utter. For a complete second I forgot I was a husband and father. 

Soon my owner rose to his feet and spread me open. As if reading my mind, he leanded forward and whispered "Don't be afraid" in my ear. 

He entered me. And i was never the same. 

It was painful, of course, but soon the pleasure took over. I imagined what it might look like, an eighteen year old man plowing a man in his forties, and my own cock twitched. Jake's hand was back around my neck and his grunts were like sweet symphonies in my ear. 

"You're mine...you're all mine." he grunted. He wasn't wrong. 

"I always get what I want...and I want you. You're..fucking...mine, slut" 

Without warning Jake burst. I think it was sooner than even he expected, but none of us cared.I could feel his tsunami of come hit my insides, leaking out of me and onto the tile. 

Jake kept thrusting like a madman, part of me hoped he would never stop.

He held me tight before plunging into my neck, kissing it ferociously and then nibbling. When he stopped there was a big red mark on me that I knew would be there for awhile. 

"Have fun explaining that to your wife" he whispered before giving my cheeks two light slaps and a kiss.