 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

In the days following our time in the man cave, Tyler seemed much happier and our relationship closer than ever before. Reflecting back, I think my acceptance of Tyler has eliminated tension and stress since I expressed my unconditional love for him. I never realized how my acceptance of his relationship with Sam and his feelings were so important to him. In hindsight the shower encounter has proven to be a turning point in our relationship as it unexpectedly exposed a side of the both of us that we are able to get out in the open together.

One night a few days later, we were sitting on the couch in the living room watching an Avenger's movie. My wife had gone to bed and my 22-year-old daughter Brittany was over Christopher's house. Chris is her 22-year-old boyfriend of several years. I was just relaxing, watching the movie and working on my laptop. Tyler was on the floor doing some stretching. After about 20 minutes he got up to grab a drink in the kitchen. I asked him to close the pocket doors which we always do when an action movie is playing to reduce the sound to the other parts of the house.

He then joined me on the couch, with his head on the far end propped up by a pillow and his feet slowly stretching out into my lap. I put the computer down, got comfortable and with his feet in my crotch began to massage his feet and toes. I leaned over and grabbed the lotion on the end table as I worked over each foot, all the while we are both watching the movie. If anyone had walked into the room at that moment, it would seem rather natural. Over the years, I spent time rubbing the feet and toes of all my kids and wife. This time however, things were clearly different between the two of us.

For 15 minutes, I worked my fingers through his toes, massaged his feet, and ankles. As I glanced over, I saw a very contented and relaxed look on this face which made me smile. He laid there very relaxed while watching the movie. I then grabbed a light blanket on the back of the couch and threw it over us and continued my massage.

Slowly he moved his feet into my crotch as I began to get semi hard and Tyler clearly felt it. After a few minutes, Tyler got up, removed the blanket and changed positions by putting his head in my lap and feet on the end of the couch. He threw the blanket over his legs as he leaned back into my lap. I took my time caressing his scalp, slowly massaging his face and neck. Slight moans escaped from his lips as I continued this light massage. I grabbed his tee shirt and he helped me remove it over his head. Now I had full access to his chest and torso as he laid back down. I spent the next 15 minutes slowly feeling him all over. My fingers caressed every inch of his head, neck, chest and torso. As I caressed his chest, he scooted up a bit to give me access to his belly button. Light moaning, and goosebumps began to form as I examined every inch of this very in shape young man. As my fingers crossed over his lips, I lightly inserted them as Tyler opened his mouth slightly. As I glanced over at his crotch he was rock hard clearly visible through the blanket.

Slowly I stretched so the tips of my fingers could caress the tip of his cockhead. The minute my fingers touched his penis through the loose shorts he let out a sharp gasped. It was so satisfying to be pleasuring him like this. As I continue to move my left hand all around his groan, I used my right hand to caress his hair, cheeks, face and lips. He opened his mouth wide and I slipped my fingers in. His lips clamped down on my index and middle fingers with such passion, my dick was aching it was so hard. As I removed my fingers, I leaned down and began to softly, but passionately kiss Tyler. I put my hand under his head and slightly raised him toward my mouth while slipping my hand under his shorts and caressing him. With our mouths together and our tongues working each other, I picked up the pace on his dick and Tyler moaned uncontrollably as his shot a huge load all over my hand and in his shorts. As he came down from his high, I continued to stroke him. I slipped my left hand out of his pants holding a wad of cum and brought my fingers to his mouth as he slurped and sucked off each dripping finger.

We relaxed for about ten minutes while I continued to caress his body. What a great feeling to be able to engage in this wonderful, loving activity with my young adult son. I looked down at his face and said, "you ok Tyler?" He said, "great dad, thanks!" At that moment, I knew all was well. For some reason, I just needed to be reassured that we were going to be ok with each other.

Tyler got up and said, "I'll be back in a few minutes." I heard the toilet flush and he returned with two beers. He said, I thought you would be ok with this tonight. I just smiled and said "Cheers." Tyler sat down on the other end of the couch and said that he was wondering if Chris would be willing to fool around as well. I looked at Tyler and said, "how would I know." He said he wanted to think about finding out a way as Chris was a cute college guy.

I looked at Tyler, chuckled and said, "What is happening with you?" He said, Dad I never thought you and I would enjoy our time together, so who knows about Chris. I got up from the couch, walked over to his side and pulled him up next to me. I hugged him really tightly and said, "I love you Tyler." He said, "I love you too Dad." I reached down and played with his balls and dick through his shorts. As he moaned, he grabbed my junk and said, "Dad, I want your load now." He knelt down, pulled my shorts down and began to carefully suck my cock while caressing my balls. He alternated between licking and deep throating me. Within 5 minutes, I ejaculated 6 times with Tyler not missing a beat. I could hear him gulp it down and keep up with each shot. My legs were shaking as I grabbed onto his head. Wow, he really loves my cock! I stood him back up, rubbed his hair as I open mouthed kissed him.

I patted his ass, fondled his balls and then said, "Good night" as I went upstairs to bed. Tyler went downstairs to play video games and I heard him whistle as he skipped down the stairs!