 I would be lying if I said that I was totally stunned about what I saw that afternoon when I came home early from work that day back in the summer of 1988 and saw my son and his best friend in his bed, naked as they day they were born, nor was I shocked about what they were doing.

As I passed the doorway of my son Norman Jr. and saw him kneeling at his friend Kenny's hip enthusiastically performing fellatio on him, I froze in place. I wasn't there more than 5 seconds before retreating back down the hall, but I learned quite a lot in that brief time.

The fact that my son was, if not gay then quite bisexual, was no surprise to me. My wife had no clue, insisting one time that Junior was, in her words, "No more gay than you are." 

She was right in that regard, because she married somebody who fit that description quite well. What Junior was doing that afternoon was what I spent many a day doing back when I was 18, and in fact my wife Dorothy was the first, and likely last woman I would have sex with. I love my wife, but more like a sister than anything else, and while that's not fair to her, that's the way it is.

Back in the 60's, being gay was not something that many people went around bragging about, because it not only got you verbally and physically abused, it made you a pariah in many circles and put limitations on any career aspirations you might have.

So I married like it was expected of me, and 24 years later I was looking at my son, however briefly, and wishing it was me there. In that five seconds I saw that Junior was a lot like me, and that's not necessarily a great thing in many ways.

My son was built a lot like me, that was for sure, and while his husky build and hairy body was certainly no surprise since we live in the same house together, when I saw his erection I cringed when I saw that he had inherited the same short fat stub I had been blessed with.

My eyes spent little of those seconds on my son, however, and not only because I have no interest in my boy that way. His friend Kenny was another story all together, and when I backed up from the doorway and went outside it was that adorable little guy that was on my mind.

Safely outside, I tried to get my heart beating at a somewhat normal rate while my mind tried to comprehend what I had just seen in there, and I came to the conclusion that I must have had a strange angle or something because what I had seen seemed impossible.

I was so aroused that I found myself walking along the side of the house up to my son's bedroom window, regretting the fact that I wasn't about a foot taller so I could see what I was listening to.

I stood out there for about 5 minutes, and if any neighbors saw me they would have thought I was strange, although what I did wasn't what I wanted to do. I just stood there and listened. I knew what they were doing well enough, and it was obvious that my son no longer had Kenny's cock in his mouth because he was the one moaning and grunting as I heard the bed squeak and their bodies slap together.

I left after they were done, hurrying out to my car and coasting back down the driveway, not starting the car until I was out on the road, and as I drove I realized that I was drenched with sweat, my shirt stuck to my skin even though it wasn't THAT warm out.

As for the big wet spot in the front of my trousers, that wasn't sweat but a testimony as to how much my erection had drooled while I listened to Kenny fucking my son. I hadn't jerked off - that would come after I got down to the park and walked into the woods - grateful that the place was deserted, and when I came I came hard and fast, tattooing the ground with my load while I leaned against a tree.

Hanging around the park for a while until my trousers dried off, my mind kept replaying that vision of Kenny on his back in the bed, only when I imagined it, it was me that was with Kenny instead of my son.

This wasn't the first time I had thought about Kenny, but it was the first time that I did it without feeling guilty. You see, although Kenny was older than my son - a year older than Norman Jr., he didn't look it.

The two of them - my son and Kenny - were both about 5'8" or so, but while my football lineman son was around 200 pounds solidly packed on that squat frame, Kenny weighed half of that. Well, maybe that was an exaggeration, but he was a slender kid whose long light brown hair made him look slightly effeminate although he didn't act that way.

Come to think of it, I mused as I sat at the park picnic table in the park, Kenny looked a lot like another one of Junior's friends, Timmy, who I hadn't seen in quite a while, not since Kenny became a regular around our house. Could it be that my son not only resembled me physically, but was attracted to the same type guys?

Back in the day, I had enjoyed my share of Kenny's and Timmy's, guys that seemed to be exact opposite of me. I loathed the way I looked back then as and now, a lumbering neanderthal, and found myself drawn like a moth to the flame for guys like Kenny. For whatever reason, many of them found me desirable too, proving that opposites sometimes do attract. 

One thing I knew though, after the wet spot in my trousers dried, was that being around Kenny would be different now, and a lot more difficult too, because that image of him on the bed would be all that I saw.

***

I had sex with my wife Dorothy that night, and while I pounded into her it wasn't her trim, still girlish looking body I was imagining, but Kenny. We had sex the next night too, after Junior told me that he was going to be out late with his "friend", and it was the way I liked it best, even though Dorothy didn't care for it much.

"It makes me feel weird," Dorothy would always say whenever I would coax her into using the strap-on, while I would pretend that it was no big deal and that it was only a way to keep things fresh in our marriage.

It probably looked weird, but since I was on all fours with my face to the headboard while she lubed my ass and slid the rubbery dong into me, I didn't see it, and in my mind it wasn't my wife thrusting into me, it was Kenny.

And it was good.

***

"Now that's something I should be doing," I yelled out the car window as I pulled up to the kid who had just stopped jogging and was bent over and holding onto the edges of his shorts while catching his breath.

"Oh, hi Mr. Green," Kenny said as he looked over at who had pulled up next to him.

It was no accident that I had appeared there, having seen my son's friend jogging about 5 minutes ago and had discretely followed him around, watching his lithe body gracefully going down the street and fantasizing.

Kenny was dressed modestly, pretty much the way he looked a lot of times when he swam in our pool, only with a tank top on to go along with the baggy shorts. I was never a fan of the shorts, always wishing that Kenny wore something a little more revealing, but after seeing him naked that look started to make more sense.

After a couple minutes of idle chat I suggested that he looked thirsty, and if he wanted we could go get a soda on something, and to my surprise and delight he agreed.

"Ran dry a while back," Kenny explained as he showed me the plastic bottle attached to a belt loop as he climbed into the car.

"We can hit the Burger King drive-thru," I suggested, and Kenny said that was fine.

That saved me the trouble of explaining my erection if I had to get out of the car, but after we got the sodas Kenny expressed some concern.

"I probably reek," Kenny said as I drove down to the park, but I assured him that he smelled just fine.

I omitted the part that if he wanted me to I would be glad to lick the perspiration off of his sweaty body, because I never minded fresh sweat at all and Kenny was dripping wet.

The little sprays of golden hairs under his skinny arms were barely visible as they were pasted against the skin of his armpits, and I wondered what he would do if I leaned over and tasted them? Did my son ever do that to him?

"Place is deserted," I said as we pulled into the lot of the park.

"Yeah, for some reason nobody really goes here," Kenny said. "Sometimes at night though - well, you can imagine. Drinking and - stuff."

"I'll bet," I said while turning off the car, and for some reason added, "Do you and Norm come down here much?"

"Sometimes," Kenny admitted, grinning so his dimples showed, and I saw a little flush of color appear on his smooth cheeks as he sipped from his straw.

My eyes kept going over to those baggy shorts, wishing that there was a way to make them disappear, and after making some small talk about what his sophomore year of college would be like, I guess the heat got to me.

"You know, I have to tell you something," I heard myself say. "Last week, I - and it was an accident - I left work early, and..."

"I know," Kenny said, staring out the front window,

"You do?" I asked, and after Kenny nodded, still staring out the window, I apologized. "You saw me?"

"Yeah. Norm didn't though. Didn't you know about me and Norm?" Kenny said. 

"I suspected, but his Mom didn't - still doesn't," I explained. "Anyway, I just wanted to say I was sorry."

"Me too," Kenny said. "Sorry you didn't stay."

"Huh?"

"It was sexy," Kenny said. "I didn't mind. Lotsa times out at the pool - didn't you ever notice me looking at you?"

"Me?" 

"Omigod yes," Kenny said. "That would be my number one fantasy, being in bed with you two."

"I could never..." I said, but found myself reaching over and putting my hand on Kenny's thigh, under the edge of the leg of the shorts. "I haven't done anything like this in so long, but if you weren't my son's boyfriend."

"We're all family, sort of," Kenny said, swallowing hard while looking my way for the first time. "Aren't we?"

"I want to suck your cock so bad," I blurted out while I squeezed Kenny's skinny thigh.

"I can go home and shower," Kenny said, but I shook my head no.

"I'll lose my nerve," I said as I leaned over, reaching for the lever than would recline Kenny's seat, and when I did that Kenny lifted his butt off of the seat and yanked his shorts and underwear down fast.

The seat had just started to go back when I glanced up over Kenny's shoulder.

"Shit!" I said, letting go of the seat lever and straightening up when I saw a car pull into the lot.

"Cops?" Kenny yelped, a look of horror on his face, and while it wasn't cops it might as well have been as a car with a couple, a man and woman, swung into the lot and parked down at the other end.

"No," I said, able to look down at them over Kenny's shoulder. "They're eating lunch I think."

"Shit," Kenny said.

"Don't," I said when Kenny started to pull up this shorts. "They can't see us from there."

The other car was a little bit closer to the woods, allowing me to see them without being obvious as well as being able to see them if they got out of the car, so I reached over and took Kenny's dick in my hand.

The flaccid tube looked nothing like what I had seen my son gobbling, but the minute I took his penis in my hand and pulled it, I was startled at how elastic it was, and after a couple of pulls I felt it getting firmer and longer. A lot longer.

"Feels nice," Kenny sighed as he let his head go back on the headrest, and I could see his eyes on me while I looked back and forth at both what I was holding and our unwanted parking lot neighbors.

"Can't believe how well hung you are," I gasped as I looked down at what had to be at least 8 or 9" of pulsating flesh in my hand.

"Like the big dicks, Mr. Green?" Kenny asked as he scrunched in the seat and raised himself into my hand.

"Been a long time since I've held any, and never anything like this," I said as my hand slid all the way up to the tip so I could rub my thumb on the gooey opening, causing Kenny to suck in a deep breath through his teeth. "Guess I must because ever since I saw you I haven't been able to get it out of my mind."

"Know what I did to Norm after you left the hallway?" Kenny whispered.

"You fucked him," I grunted. "I went outside and was at the window."

"You saw us?"

"Heard you," I said, wanting so bad to lean down and take his beautiful cock in my mouth. "I stood outside and heard you slamming this big cock into my boy's ass."

"Oh, that is so hot," Kenny sighed. "I would have cum so fast if I knew that. You know what I think about sometimes when we fuck? I fantasize it's you I'm doing it to. You ever take it up the ass, Mr. Green?"

"Been a long time," I said. "Been a long time for everything for me, but yes, I used to love it, but I'm not as young as my son. He's in better shape than me."

"You look fine to me," Kenny said. "I've seen you in the pool. You look a lot like Norm, Mr. Green. Even better because you're more hairy than him. You even have hair on your back. That really turns me on, being with a big cuddly bear. Never been with any guy as hairy as you."

"Eat those fucking sandwiches," I muttered toward the other car.

"You're just as turned on as I am, aren't you, Mr. Green? You like it rough?" Kenny sighed as I watched his pre-cum drooling onto my hand.

"I don't know - don't know if I could take anything like this," I said as I looked over at what I was stroking.

"You and Norm's Mom swingers?" Kenny asked.

"Omigod no," I said. 

"You do guys on the side?"

"No. Haven't really been with a man since before I got married," I admitted. 

"You miss it, don't you?" Kenny asked, and I nodded.

"Only got married because - well - things were different back then and I didn't have the guts to - you know."

"Gonna cum soon," Kenny muttered, and when I saw his face contort I dove down and got my mouth on the head of his cock just in time to catch a spurt with my throat, and while I choked a bit that didn't stop me from letting my lips slid further down while Kenny came like a machine gun.

I lifted my head up when he stopped cumming, looking up to see the people in the other car were oblivious to what me were doing, and Kenny and I exchanged nervous grins as I used my tongue to catch some of Kenny's seed that was oozing out of the corner of my mouth.

"I can do better than that," I said.

"That's scary because that was so hot," Kenny said as he looked over at my lap. "Did you cum?"

"No," I said, sheepishly admitting that I had a bit of a drooling problem when I got excited.

"What are the neighbors up to?" Kenny asked as he kept his eyes in my direction.

"Eating," I said.

"Lean back," Kenny said, and when I did he reached under the steering wheel and fumbled with my zipper. "This is awkward but..."

"Not easy to find," I said.

"You sound like Norm," Kenny said as he reached into the fly of my trousers in search of my cock, and when he managed to get his hand into my boxers he cackled. "Damn, Mr. Green, you got a beer can too."

"A what?" I said, confused at first, but when I figured out what Kenny was talking about I added, "Pretty short beer can."

"I thought Norm had a thick cock, but I think yours is even fatter," Kenny said, as my erection fit neatly into his grip. "Can't come close to getting my hand around it. Head of yours is like an apple, just like his. I can deep throat Norm's but..."

"Not going - to be able to," I groaned while Kenny's hand started squeezing and twisting my stub.

"Cum for me," Kenny said, but I was already there, and although I tried to look like nothing was happening just in case the neighbors glanced over, it's not easy when you're having an orgasm like the one I experienced, so I just gripped the steering wheel while my body shook.

"Man, Mr. Green," Kenny exclaimed after pulling his hand out of my pants, a hand that was covered with cum. "You really popped a load."

"Please don't tell my son about this," I said.

"Of course not," Kenny said as he wiped his hand off. "I would never hurt Norm, but I want you too, Mr. Green."

"You can call me Norm, or Norman," I suggested.

"Whatever I call you, I want you," Kenny said as he reached down and wiggled his limp dick at me before pulling up his shorts. "And I think you want this too."

"I do," I admitted, because while I thought I was intrigued by my son's friend's manhood before, after holding it and having my mouth on it for a few seconds, I was flat out infatuated now. "Guess I better take you home, since these people aren't leaving."

"We could sneak into the woods," Kenny suggested. "Trust me, if I looked at your ass for ten seconds I would be hard again - as hard as blue steel."

"They would see us," I said, the thought of being seen wandering into the woods with a young fellow like Kenny too much to handle. "Besides, I don't have any - you know?"

"Lubrication?" Kenny said. "I have some. The natural kind," he added, and when I gave him a quizzical look he stuck out his tongue and wiggled it at me."

"What's the matter? Mrs. Green doesn't rim you?" Kenny asked, and when I rolled my eyes at the very thought of it he laughed and added, "She doesn't know what she's missing. I'll bet yours is hairy too, isn't it?"

"That wouldn't bother you, would it?" Kenny asked after I nodded. "Me licking that hairy asshole of yours gross you out?"

"No," I said, and when Kenny asked me whether I ever snacked in that area I admitted I did. "But not Norm's mother. She doesn't approve."

"No wonder you're so horny," Kenny chuckled.

"Are you trying to drive me crazy?" I laughed as we drove out of the lot.

"Yes," Kenny conceded. "I'm trying to make you want it so bad you can't stand it."

"I'm already there," I confessed.

"Then the only question that needs to be answered is when?"

***

I was about to cheat. That revelation came over me as I sat on the edge of the bed of Room 221 of the Red Roof Inn, waiting for my son's friend to arrive. Kenny wasn't late, I was early, and it was a good thing too because I had managed to sweat through the shower I had taken before leaving the house, so after using the motel's facilities, I sat there in my towel and waited.

This wasn't the first time I had cheated. Back after we first got married we became friendly with a couple next door. My wife and Roy's exchanged recipes while Roy and I, well we didn't exchange bodily fluids. He gave and I received.

It started during a Monday Night Football game, when Roy - who was drunk he claimed that night and every time afterward - lamented that his wife wouldn't "finish" oral sex the way he wanted. I claimed I was drunk too but felt sorry for him, and the next thing I knew I was sucking on his dick and "finishing" the right way.

Roy never reciprocated with anything but his hand, but that was fine with me because I missed the feel of a cock in my mouth. I also missed something else, but when I suggested it my neighbor looked at me like I had grown horns.

"I'm no queer!" he announced, and while I was tempted to say that somebody who jerks another guy off and let him suck his cock wasn't exactly a straight arrow, I didn't because I was kidding myself as much as he was.

That was it for Roy and me, and also the end of my dalliances for my gender, although I was tempted a number of times. That was about to change however, and I was so nervous I paced around the room, which was a very short hike, and ended up in the bathroom.

The lighting in the bathroom was bright and harsh, and when I took the towel off and looked at my body in the mirror I winced, wondering why anybody - my wife and especially Kenny, would have any interest in me.

My near half century on earth had not been all that kind, I mused as I sucked in my stomach and fluffed up the mat of hair on my chest, wincing at noticing the strands of grey that had snuck in amidst the dark brown.

Down below, I surveyed the gardening job I did on the jungle that surrounded my cock. Not bad, I thought, because now at least you could see the thing amidst the bush. After rinsing my mouth out with Scope again, I grabbed the tube of lube I had brought and went back to my perch on the edge of the bed and waited.
