 I had my first orgy last May, there was six of us and I was the only bottom/vers guy there. My arse took a pounding to say the least. I wrote about it in depth on my blog.

Today I was working on my stories archive and I found something I had written two years (to the week) before my first orgy. It was is a work of fantasy and involves twelve guys. My first orgy was amazing but this fantasy of mine is something I would love to fulfill one day... soon.

I always fantasied about being fucked by the group of guys wearing nothing but speedos, and that fantasy recently came true when I was invited to this party by a guy I met online. His name was Rob, he was a forty-five years old sales executive. From the photos on his online profile, Rob was hot. He was well built and stocky, tanned with shaved/waxed chest. Speaking to me on Skype, he sounded very confident and like a man in control. He said he had these speedo fuck parties at his house over summer and said I would fit in if I was interested.

Of course I was interested.

I rocked up at the house on Sydney's northern beaches one hot summer afternoon. Rob answered the door, beer in hand, wearing nothing but a pair of very tight silver Arena brand speedos. His semi erect cock was bulging in the tiny swimwear.

We shook hands, hugged and he invited me in. He introduced me to a group of about twelve guys, all wearing hot speedos and AussieBums. Most of the guys were around Rob's age and build, solid and stocky. There were a couple late twenties guys, but I was the youngest attendee. I dropped my khaki shorts to reveal the black ADIDAS speedos I was wearing. Rob really liked them. He touched my bulge and cupped my lycra clad ass.

"I really like it mate, I think you are going to enjoy today, we are going to make sure you live out your fantasy!"

With that, my cock leaped to attention. After a few drinks and small talk, we all moved into the indoor patio area, where Rob had set up his fuck pad (he called it is 'work bench'). It was a couple of mattresses with cushions, sex toys, lube and condoms arranged on them. Speedo porn (from my website) was playing on two flat screen TVs. Rob started playing with his bulge through his speedos while watching the action on the screen. He took a swig of his beer and winked at me. I nervously started to play with my cock through my speedos, as the other guys started to join in. After about ten minutes, everyone was rock hard in their speedos. Rob came over to me and said the action was about to start.

"OK BITCH, ON YOUR KNEES." Rob ordered me.

I got to my knees, as one by one of the guys started to circle me with their speedo bulges.

"NOW START SUCKING THOSE SPEEDO COCKS SLUT. I KNOW YOU WANT THOSE BULGES."

There were twelve horny guys standing over me, all of them older and outweighing me, even if I wanted to resist I would not have had a chance. Good thing I had no interest in resisting.

I started to lick and smell the lycra cocks in front of me. I took both hands and played with them while my mouth and tongue worked away. Pre-cum oozed from their speedos, which I licked up greedily.

"THAT'S IT BITCH, LICK THAT CUM OUT," Rob shouted.

I was in heaven. I was living out my fantasy. The guys were moaning and feeding me their speedo bulges, playing with each others, kissing one another, while I was on my knees, worshiping their bulges.

"Now, speedo slut, get ready to take their meat in your ass. But, before I do that, I need a gag to stop you squealing like the little bitch bottom pig that you are."

With that Rob, brought out a pair of red speedos and dropped it into the circle. I went to pick it up, but he stopped me.

"Not yet my little bottom bitch, it needs some flavor."

Rob gave an order to four of the guys who knelt around the red speedos on the mattress and began to furiously jerk their cocks until they were shooting hot spunk onto the pair of speedos. Rob pick them up, wiped cleaned all four cocks and made sure the four loads of cum had soaked into the red lycra. He shoved the cum stained speedos in my mouth. I gagged just once... the lycra, the spunk...

Rob then threw me down on the mattress, half ripped my black speedos off and my ass was exposed to the whole world. He lubed my hole, got a condom and lubed himself up, he entered me. The initial pain was muffled by the cum stained speedos in my mouth as he fucked me fast. The other eleven guys, just stood around, beating their cocks in their speedos waiting for their turn to fuck me.

One by one, each sweaty guy fucked my greedy hole, all the time while my mouth was stuffed full of speedos, eyes starting to water. I was in absolute heaven. Twelve hot guys in their speedos fucking me and playing with their bulges. There was sweat dripping from their chests and their cocks were wet with lube. All I could focus on, as I was getting fucked really hard was the guys hot bulging speedos. Eventually after 30 minutes of serious fucking, Rob instructed them to blow their loads all over my face and chest. It was unbelievably hot. As the last guy blew his load, I shot mine, the most intense and powerful ever. My ass was totally used and my face covered in hot spunk.

All the guys left, and Rob took the red speedos out of my mouth, cleaned my face and chest with the speedos and gently kissed me on the lips. I said "Thank you" It was better than my fantasy.

I left and took the pair of red cum stained speedos as a souvenir.