 I finished sucking my anonymous lover at the glory hole at Club Orlando and watched him leave, me still on my knees. Well, that itch was scratched, I'd had my moment, I thought, I got to experience that feeling I need, to service a man, to suck him to completion. 

I started going to glory holes in the eighties, before aids, and once a month or so I'd find an adult bookstore and feel the incredible excitement and then shame that comes with fulfilling my desires. 

But, the times have changed, I don't do that anymore, and besides, I've found I want something more now. I've learned a bit about intimacy, about taking my time, about being a good lover, and glory holes are not conducive to experiencing hot man sex the way I now want it. I crave something more, and, as I rose from my knees I thought, "Well, that was nice, but I don't need to do that again."

I walked back outside at the club, onto the patio and decided to sit in the whirlpool for a while. I walked over slowly, enjoying the exaggerated swaying of my hips that my wife's panties seemed to bring out in me. With a mouthful of a strange man's cum, the taste of his dick on my tongue, and lacy panties clinging to my tight cyclist's ass, I felt liberated and sexy. I don't get to be THIS me often enough and I was enjoying it. If nothing else happened this afternoon, I was going to enjoy this costume party I was throwing for just me. 

I got into the small whirlpool, it was empty, after I slipped out of my panties and hung them and my towel on the white PVC pipes that were formed into a sort of clothes hanger. The water was pleasantly warm and I relaxed in the hot Florida sun, feeling the jets massage my ass: I was still in heat. Some men walked by, some alone, some in pairs, some attractive to me, some not and I wondered if I'd have the opportunity to be with one of them. I'd already decided that I would be a little more passive now and if nothing else happened I'd go back to my room, finish myself off and go back to work. I also decided to be picky, now that Id' sucked off an anonymous stranger, I was in the mood to find someone who was attractive to me. 

In a few minutes a Latino man, probably in his fifties, approached the hot tub and asked if I would mind if he joined me. Of course not! He was handsome, in an elegant way, grey hair, a tight beard and obviously a runner, he was lean and muscular. Things were looking up for me!

"Is that an angel?" he asked, looking at the tattoo on my chest. Not a great opening line, I mean what else would it be? But; I was open to seeing where this might lead, so I said, "Yes, want to see it?"

He slid closer to me in the hot tub and I gently pulled his hand to my tattoo, and asked him,

"How do you like it?" Probably not a great opening gambit either, but it was effective.

"I like it a lot," he said, "I watched you in the booth, you made that man very happy. Too bad he didn't want to satisfy you."

"Well, I enjoyed it, as far as it went."

His hand was still on my chest, now circling my nipples and I leaned back and closed my eyes, letting out a deep sigh. He shifted over in the water, so he was over me now, he pulled me close and said, 

"I know what you need, shall we go someplace more private?" and then he flicked his tongue up my neck and breathed softly into my ear, 

"I want you."

I've never quite understood the term 'weak in the knees" until that moment, but that's what happened to me. Between the sun, the heat of the water in the hot tub, and the feel of his tight muscular body against me, I was ready to give myself to this gorgeous man.

"Put on your lingerie and come with me beautiful," he whispered. He helped me out of the pool. He dried me off, finishing with a little kiss on my lips and he handed me my panties. I slipped them on and said, "Come with me," leading him to my room, swinging my ass as he followed me back inside and down the corridors, our eyes almost blinded from being in the sun. I slipped the key off my wrist and opened the door to my cubicle and he glided in behind me. 

He closed the door.

The room was dark and the couple next door were fucking like animals, their noise only adding to the excitement. My new lover gently spun me towards him and kissed me, his tongue penetrating my lips, his hands cupping my panty-clad buns. We ground against each other, his towel falling from his waste and his hardening cock rubbing against the silky of my panties.

He kissed like I've always wanted to be kissed, his tongue alternating between filling my mouth and fucking it. His nipples rubbed against mine, and I grabbed his erection and slid it between my legs, under my balls and let him fuck my thighs. But, he was in charge, at least for now. My Latin lover pushed my down on the bed, kneeling across my chest until he was against my lips and I opened my mouth, welcoming the second cock of the day into my throat, I tried to swallow all of this man.

He looked down at me, into my eyes, the opposite of the anonymous sex I'd already had, and smiled as he reached behind himself and stroked my hard cock through the lace of my panties. I squeezed his ass and even slipped a finger inside his cheeks, his dick got even harder in my mouth and he cried, "Dios mio."

Too soon, at least for me, he pulled out of my mouth, sliding down so he could kiss me again. his cock now rubbing against mine, through the lace. "I want all of you!" he said, and I smiled, "Of course," I said.

All of my life, I have been a little too pretty: long eyelashes, wavy hair, and deep brown eyes, I was often treated like I was gay by classmates or teammates and I was scared by this. I developed a strong persona in a strategy of over-compensation, I forced my self to be a very manly Type A and it worked. If you knew me you would never know who I was now, never have expected me to be a willing little whore. Now, with a man ready to take me, in a dark room, in anonymity, with people fucking loudly next door: I could surrender, I could let the gay man that was always in there out to play. I can't put into words how good this felt.

He gently rolled me onto my stomach, taking charge and kissing his way down my back. He slide my panties off and began to eat my pussy like I was his wife. First he kissed all over my cheeks, then his tongue was inside me, not in any hurry, I was on fire. Finally I begged him, "Fuck me, baby, fuck me now!"

He grabbed a rubber from the shelf and some lube and began to put some in my ass with his fingers while I sucked him back to hardness. Here I was, with my lover's cock in my mouth while his fingers were up my ass and I was in heaven, a sexual peak I had never experienced in my sixty years, I wanted to make this man as happy as I was and the more I made him feel good, the better I felt.

Now, condom on, he slipped into me, my legs around his waist, my ass elevated by the pillow my man had slipped underneath me while he kissed me again. I felt his cock slide in, burning pain at first, then a full feeling, as I sucked on his tongue like I had his big cock. I was his now, laying back and letting him be a man, he pumped faster and faster, eventually asking me to get on top, something I've never done. I squatted over him and impaled myself, feeling full and fulfilled. I fell across his chest riding his cock like my life depended on it. Somehow, he flipped me over without pulling out of my pussy now hammering my ass like a man possessed. 

"Can I cum in your mouth?" he panted, and again, I told my man, "Of course!"

And he pulled out, leaving me empty but before I could dwell on it, he was jacking off in my face, his hand going faster and faster as the condom ended up on the floor. As he tensed up, his muscles full of oxygen and blood like the master he was at that moment, I slipped my lips back over his sensitive cockhead and he exploded, I almost gagged and pulled him out, letting him squirt on my face before going back for more, I swallowed the rest of his cum until he begged me to stop sucking.

He looked at me with gratitude and relief, he had gotten what he wanted and I had too. But, this gorgeous Latin lover was as considerate as he was virile, he kissed me again our bodies intertwined, he licked the cum off my face and we shared it as we kissed. My cock sprang to life now.

He was surprised and excited, "My god, you are so big and thick!" as his hand surrounded my stiff erection. I felt like I could cut diamonds now, and my lover went down, engulfing me. I ran my fingers through his hair as I felt my cum, from an afternoon full of arousal-and a lifetime of desperate wanting- fill my balls and I exploded in his mouth, coming like a teenager. I might have roared a little, giving our next door neighbors a little thrill.

We kissed again and lay in each other's arm. His name is Jose, he is from Puerto Rico, and a lawyer. He's been looking for the same thing I have. His wife is not interested in him and he came to Club Orlando looking for the right man. "I found him," he said and we agreed to meet again, no strings, no expectations, except that we are both able to fill each other's needs while living our lives the way we are supposed to, according to our families and society.

I drove home in a fog, feeling tired, fulfilled, and thinking, for the first time in my life, "That's what I've always needed.

It was a very special afternoon indeed!