 Author's note: Well, judging from the reaction I have gotten, I guess I should continue my story. Thanks to all who have sent me feedback, all of which has been positive so far. Will respond to everyone as I have time.

The last of John's cum splashed across my tongue, his words coming back to me as i knelt there. As he leaned back on the bed, he kept his hand on my head, holding his cock in my mouth. As it softened, the pressure of his hand pushed my lips closer to the base, until it was all in my mouth, my lips and nose being tickled by his hair. I had just sucked a cock, swallowed cum, and I had liked it. Even when he took his hand off my head and laid back on the bed, I kept him in my mouth for several minutes, perhaps out of embarrassment. If I did not lift my head, I would not have to talk about it. Finally, though, I pulled my mouth from his cock, and just knelt there, not knowing what to say.

"Oh, yeah, that was good" John broke the silence first, sitting up and pulling some tissues from the night table and handing them to me." And from what I see on your legs, you did not exactly hate it, did you?" I looked up to see him smiling and shook my head as I cleaned off my thighs, tossing the cum soaked tissues into the wastebasket.

"No, I did not hate it" I answered, my eyes going back to his cock.

He stretched out on the bed, laying on his side with his leg crooked, giving me a good view of his thick cock. "No, I could tell. In fact, I think you liked it. Very much, didn't you?"

I could only nod as he took my arm and pulled me onto the bed with him. We laid there and talked for a long time. He told me about the three of them. How they started out jacking off together, then began to do each other, and asked me about things I had done. I told him that jacking off was all I had done up to now. As we talked, he would play with my cock and balls, and me with his. His cock would begin to stiffen some if I stroked it and squeezed it. It felt so big and thick.

"You have never done that before?" he asked, surprised.

"No, never. That was the first time. " I answered, still somewhat embarrassed.

"Damn", he answered. "I can't wait to see how good it feels after you have had some practice, then!" And he laughed and squeezed my cock.

He was making me feel better about this, and I began to stroke his cock some more, my fingers playing along his shaft as he played with mine.

"Are Jim and Ron as thick as you?" I asked. "I did not get a real good look at your cocks through the window. "

"Well" he answered. "You will just have to wait until the morning to find that out. It will give you something to dream about. Until then, just pay attention to mine." And he laughed and pushed my head down to his belly. I laid there and watched my hand jerking him off, his cock beginning to get hard again. I stroked it, my fingers tight around it for a few minutes, then let it go and flop against his stomach. I let my fingers trace along it to his balls, lifting them.

"You never did answer me, earlier, " he finally spoke. "You liked it didn't you? Say it."

It took me a minute before I answered very quietly. "Yes, I liked it"

He pushed my head closer to his cock. The tip of it brushing my lips again. "Tell me exactly what you liked. Not it, or doing it. Tell me what you liked doing"

"I liked sucking your cock, " I finally answered. "And the taste of your cum"

He did not say anything, just lifted his hips pressing his cockhead against my lips. I opened my mouth and took it inside, my tongue swirling around it, and then lowering onto him, taking his semi hard cock into my mouth. My tongue flicked the underside as I moved up and down on it, reaching to lick his balls when it was deep in my mouth. As he got hard again, I felt him pull me on top of him and his tongue on my cock as he sucked me into his mouth . He began to fuck into my mouth, and as his cock got harder. I could not take it all, and wrapped my hand around the base, jacking it as I sucked it, my own slimmer cock going all the way into his mouth and slipping into his throat. This time when he spurted, I was ready for it and clamped my mouth around him, holding his cum in my mouth, as I unloaded in his.

After we rested a bit and cleaned up, it was late and both of us were tired. Before going to sleep, John said that he was sure tomorrow would be a fun day. The twins were going to absolutely love it. And then he told me what he had in mind. I laid in bed a while, thinking about his idea, before falling off to sleep.