 Author's note: Thanks again for the feedback, and to those of you who have expressed your opinion about what you hope will happen, I can only say that each chapter I write will unveil things as they happened. Enjoy.

When I woke up the next morning, it was just daylight and the house was quiet. I laid there for a while, staring at the ceiling, thinking about the night before. My thoughts kept going back to John's cock and how it had felt in my hand and in my mouth, and how good his mouth on my cock had felt. I thought about the twins, Jim and Ron, and what their cocks were like, and how they would react. But, then, I had seen the three of them with each other, and John had sucked my cock also. And I had liked sucking his, and the thought of the other two made my cock hard. Finally, I rolled out of bed, having to go to the bathroom. As I rolled over, I saw that John was laying there, watching me. He was laying on his side, his cock in plain view, and my eyes went to it.

"Good, morning, have sweet dreams? I know I did, " He spoke quietly.

"Yes, I had sweet dreams. And now I really have to pee, " I answered, heading for the door.

I did not even think about putting anything on, just went naked. The bathroom was in the corner of the big second floor of the house. It and the two large bedrooms made an L on two sides, leaving the center open . On the way back to the room, I stopped and listened at the twins door, but hearing nothing, I padded back to the room to find John laying on his back, his hands folded behind his head . He was propped up on his pillow, his legs dangling over the end of the bed. He did not say a word, just laid there, looking at me. I stopped and stared at his cock, my eyes taking it in, and I found myself moving toward his bed, not to mine. As I got to the end of the bed, he spread his legs wider apart. I stood for a while, my hands caressing his thighs, finally moving up the insides to his balls. My fingers lifted them, and then moved to caress his cock, lightly at first, then curling around it, stroking it, my hand loose against it. He sighed and settled back on the bed. I looked at him, but he was just laying there, watching me as I played with his cock. I settled to my knees between his legs, and for the next fifteen or twenty minutes, I gently played with his cock, licked it, and sucked the head of it

"Mmm. Nice, and I hear Ron and Jim stirring. You ready for them? " I heard him whisper. I lifted my mouth off his cock and nodded. 

"Ready? I was beginning to think they would never wake up, " I laughed, giving his cock a squeeze.

"Then go open the door, " he said, sitting up and scooting down to the foot of the bed.

I got up and walked to our bedroom door, opened it wide and turned around. John had gotten out of bed and was standing just a few feet behind me, stroking his cock. I moved over in front of him and went to my knees again, my hand reaching for his cock. I heard the toilet flush, and the bathroom door open behind me, and John put hid hand on the back of my head, pulling it toward him.

"Suck it. Put it in your mouth, and keep it there. Just your mouth, you will be needing your hands real soon, I am sure, " he said, as his cock brushed against my lips.

I opened my mouth and slid my lips over his cockhead, wetting it and flicking my tongue around it, then pressing forward, my lips around his thick shaft. I had about half of his cock in my mouth, when I heard noise behind me. I had no idea whether it was one of them, or both, until I heard John speak.

"Good morning, guys. Come in a see what our new brother likes to do, " John said as he pushed deeper into my mouth.

John had both hands on my head, guiding me back and forth on his cock, one second the head was pushing at my throat, the next just the head was in my mouth. As his cock moved in and out of my mouth, from the corner of my eyes I could see motion on either side of me. The twins had each moved to either side of me.

"Shit!." I heard one of them say, and John's hands left my head. I continued sucking his cock as he leaned over a bit and took each of my arms in his hands, raising my hands up. My fingers came in contact with the twins' cocks and curled around them . I continued sucking John, and stroked the two hard cocks in my hands. They did not feel quite as thick a John's, but longer. As I sucked and jacked them, John told Ron and Jim about last night, how I had sucked him off twice, and about how I had licked and played with him while waiting for them to get up. Then he pulled out of my mouth, stepping back . I was able to turn my head and see the twins' cocks. They are not identical, nor were their cocks. Jim's just over 7', and slender. About an inch and three quarter at the base. Ron's, almost 8", and about two inches thick. Both have the same small head that John has. They moved in front of me, both of their cocks near my mouth.

"Tell them what you told me last night. What you like, " John said.

I tightened my grip on their cocks and answered softly, " I like to suck cock. " My mouth found the end of Jim's and sucked it inside, my hand still stroking Ron. I sucked Jim's cock a little, then turned my head to Ron's. As I did, John spoke again. 

"Tell them what else you like. What you like to get when you suck cock. "

"Cum, " I whispered as I took Ron's cock in my mouth, pullung it deep and hollowing my cheeks. By now I was so excited, I would have said anything . My own cock was hard, and oozing. I began sucking Ron fast, my hand jerking Jim harder.

"And he swallows, " I heard John say. At that, Ron's cock swelled and he began shooting into my mouth, thick strands splashing against my throat I swallowed as much as I could, some dribbling down my chin. Jim was beginning to shoot as well, and Ron pulled out of my mouth. I turned to Jim and his first shot hit my cheek before I could get my mouth over his cock. He emptied his balls in my mouth, and I swallowed the rest of his cum as well. As I sucked his softening cock, and then Ron's, licking both of them, I felt a wetness on my thighs I had cum, without being touched, again.

"He did that last night, too. The first time I came in his mouth, " John chuckled and moved between them, his hand pumping his cock and shooting a stream of cum onto my face.

No one spoke again for several minutes. The three of them just stood there, and I took turns sucking each of them deep into my mouth. Finally, they were all soft, and I sat back on my heels, cum on my face, my mouth coated.

"Let's all go get cleaned up, " John suggested. " We have all day ahead of us, don't we, slut? "

I blinked and looked up at John. My eyes meeting his, with a bit of a confused look, I suppose. 

"Yes, I said slut. " John smiled at me. He spoke, his voice not unkind, but reassuring. " Last night, you sucked me off twice, and this morning sucked me again, waiting for them to wake up. You have admitted twice now you like sucking cock, and tasting cum. You just sucked both of them, and have all three of our cums in your mouth and on your face. And are probably thinking about sucking us again aren't you? "

Listening to him, and thinking about how I had felt and how I had loved it, I finally just nodded. John bent over and scooped some of my cum off my stomach, smearing it onto the end of his cock. He then moved closer to me, his cock brushing against my lips.

"Look up at me. " he told me. I raised my eyes to his and he reached to cup my chin. He spoke in an even voice, his other hand going to his cock and holding it in front of my face. " Now we can all go get cleaned up, and get dressed, or we can stay right here and you can suck some more cock. You tell us which you want. "

"Let's stay here, " I answered.

"Why? " John asked. " Why do you want to stay here? "

God, he was not making this easy. He was going to make me say it. " To suck more cock, " I said. And knowing what else he wanted, I continued speaking. " Yes, I am a slut. I love sucking your cocks. " I opened my mouth and looked up at them. John then let go of my chin and put his cock against my lips.

"Suck the cock, slut ." 

It was quite a while before we got to the shower to clean up. All three of them took turns having me suck their cocks, getting them hard again, and filling my mouth with cum. When they were done, I was told to lay down on the floor. As they watched, I took my cock in my hand and jacked off.

"Tell us when you are close to cumming, " John told me. He whispered something into the twin's ears, and they both nodded and smiled. 

When I told them I was getting close, Jim and Ron took my legs and pulled them up and over my head, so my cock was now above my face. John reached and pushed my hand away, replacing it with his own, jacking me off until I came, my cum shooting down over my face.