 It was just another Tuesday in the office, I was bored, alone, and as usual thinking about choices. The fact that I thought about being with a man was a given, I'd been thinking about that pretty much everyday since I was 19. But would today be another day when I read Literotica and jerked off all over my chest at my desk (I work alone) or would it be a day where I decided to risk everything and go spend some time with a real man's cock inside me?

I'm 60 and I've been dealing with this all my life; I love and adore women, I'm athletic, handsome, successful and not someone who you'd think likes to be taken, to be feminine in bed, who likes to make love to men. But I do. I like to be with women and to be with men and never the twain shall meet, I read a survey on Huffington Post that says that in general men love bi-women but women are disgusted by bi-men (at least most of them). That was certainly the case in my world, the love of my life was not interested in bi-sex of any kind, so that part of me gets put on a shelf. We all have to make compromises and this was a big one for me, and mostly, it is worth it. But, I am who I am, I've come to terms with that.

The question wasn't whether I would like to be with a man today, but if I could make it work. I'm past the point of glory holes, random blowies from Craig's List, or even starting an illicit relationship with another married man- no, that had almost happened a few times, but what if I fall for someone, or he falls for me? Nope, better to cum on my own chest than get entangled in something so risky. I like my life and don't need anymore complications.

So, as I do about once a year, I drove to Club Orlando, risking the fear of rejection because of my age, paid my fee and found myself in a room with a coat hook, a mattress with cheap, oddly plastic feeling sheets and a dimming light switch. I got naked, except for a pair of my wife's lacy panties, I wanted to let the boys know I was feeling like a girl today, and out I went, into the dark corridors of the club.

As I walked I attracted some attention, my passion as a road cyclist making my ass and legs look real good and I even got my ass slapped by a big Hispanic guy who called me, "Papi." My full head of hair and broad shoulders always get some attention too, I like that. Im not perfect, I have a little more around my middle than I want and I am terminally conscious of it. 

I headed out towards the patio and took a left into the area that has some cubicles, some long benches and some glory hole booths. This is where I wanted to start. I knew by getting on my knees in the booth, my mouth in front of the hole, I'd get some cock to suck without the fear of rejection. I wanted some cock to suck. It only took a few minutes.

The cock obviously belonged to a very tall white man, probably in his forties, he thrust his semi hard dick through the hole and I felt the wave of passion and satisfaction that goes through me when I am down on my knees, about to suck. My wife's lacy panties only enhanced the feeling. I licked around the head, he was not hard yet and tickled the crown with my tongue before slipping it into my mouth. I gently applied some suction, enjoying the sponginess of his growing dick while I rubbed the shaft. In no time he got hard I had trouble going all the way down, but I was a determined and feeling very, very slutty, so I finally swallowed it all. My man was very excited in no time and took control, fucking my face like I was a cheap whore. I was. Very cheap. And my cock was straining against my wife's lacy panties, my ass opening as I wished he would come into my booth and fuck me. Alas, not this time, my man's cock got bigger and bigger as I strove to keep it in my mouth, he was fucking me sooo hard and when I reached through the hole and cupped his balls, letting my finger nails dig in, just a little, I got my prize, hot juice filling me and going down my throat as he let out a cry. That was my goal, I wanted a little advertising, and my man was so excited that he pretty much let the whole bath house know, I give good head. My man must have been another straight guy because as soon as he came he pulled out, and without so much as a kiss he was gone, getting what he came for. We both did. 

Ooooh, but I still had needs of my own. Where next?

To be continued...