 Author's note: This is what I hope is only the first installment of me and my three stepbrothers, how I became their sex toy, their slut. Future installment will depend on what they want me to do, and on the reaction I get from you, the readers. Reference to ages has been omitted, so either assume the characters are of age, or use your imaginations and fill in the ages you wish. In either case, the story is true. feedback always welcome. Enjoy and thanks.

All evening long, I had been distracted, my mind playing back what I had seen earlier in the day. Now, as we were all going upstairs to bed, I ran it through my mind again as we said goodnight, the twins going off to their room, John and I going off to ours.

I had come out of the woods at the edge of our property, passing the old barn. Hearing a noise, I moved to the broken window and looked inside, freezing at what I saw. Inside were the three of them, John six months older than me, and the twins, Ron and Jim, six months younger. All three, well over six feet, had their pants opened and were stroking their cocks. As I watched, each of them reached out and began to play with one of the other's cock, jacking each other off. I could hear their voices, but could not understand their words, but I watched, my own cock stiffening as I unzipped my pants and freed it, wrapping my hand around it and jacking off as I watched them.

My mind was seeing their cocks shoot off on the barn floor as John closed the door to out room and began to undress.

"You ok?" he asked as he peeled off his shirt and began to unfasten his jeans.

"Uh, yeah, I am ok", I answered as I flipped off the overhead light, leaving just the small table lamp lit. I, too began undressing, getting down to just my underwear. My back was turned to John, my cock hard in front of me.

"It is hot, and to tell you the truth, I never have liked wearing pajamas", I said nervously.

"Well, suit yourself, " he answered. "Sleep in your shorts, I have never really liked pj's either"

"Actually, to tell you the truth, " I took a deep breath and continued, " I prefer sleeping nude, and from what I saw in the barn earlier, I do not think you will mind." As I spoke I slid my shorts down and stood naked, almost feeling his eyes on me.

It seemed I stood there forever, before I felt John's hands touch my back, and slide down over my ass and around to my stomach. My heart was pounding in my chest as his fingers lightly ran down over my body.

"No, I don't mind at all. Evidently you liked what you saw. We have been talking about you, and how you would react, " he whispered as his hand found my cock and wrapped around it, turning me and pulling me toward him as he sat on his bed. 

He stroked my cock slowly, his grip at first tight, then loose. As I stood there, my body shaking, he let go and began to run his fingers lightly along it, teasing it, and then cupping my balls as he leaned forward. I gasped as his lips touched the head, his tongue lightly licking me.

"You liked that, didn't you?", he asked as his tongue swirled around my cock. All I could do was nod and press forward against his tongue. He slipped his lips over my cockhead for a second and then released it, pushing me back .He then slipped his shorts aside, revealing his cock. My eyes went to it and as he reached up and put his hands on my shoulders, I went to my knees. His cock was hard, six and a half inches, a small head, but thick at the base, about two and a half inches. My hand reached for it, my fingers curling around it and gripping it, stroking it it the way I like to stroke my own. His hand went to my head, pulling me to him, his cock getting closer to my face.

"Kiss it ", I heard him whisper. And his cock brushed against my lips. I pressed my lips to i, kissing the head, feeling the smoothness of it, my lips moving to find the shaft as his hands pressed me against him.

"Now, lick it. You know you want to, lick it" I heard him and my tongue reached out, licking the head, tasting the wetness seeping out of it. I licked it up and began to lick down his shaft. I licked all the way down, my tongue wetting his cock and his balls, back up to the head as he pressed it against my lips, holding my head and pushing it against them. My lips opened and he slid inside, my eyes widened as I began to suck the head of his cock.

He never said another word, just kept his hands on my head as i took him deeper into my mouth, sucking his cock. My head bobbed up and down his cock, my tongue flattened under it. I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth, the velvety softness of the head, the hardness of the shaft. I hollowed my cheeks and sucked him as deep as I could.

"You like this, don't you", I heard him say. And as I tried to nod, he pressed my head down and leaned over.

"Well, if you are going to suck cock, you better get used to the taste of cum," and he held my head down as his cock erupted into my mouth, splashing thick hot cum over my tongue and against my throat. I swallowed all I could. As he filled my mouth, I felt my own cock swelling and the warmth of my cum on my thighs.