 Chapter 4

"So I've told you about my experience," noted Benny. "Let's hear about yours."

I reached forward and gave his groin another quick squeeze. I wasn't so interested in talking right then.

"No, I'm serious," exclaimed Benny. "You said you had some fun like we did when you were around my age - let's hear about it!"

I was much more interested in having more fun right then but decided the fastest route to that was giving Benny a quick overview of my previous fun. "Well, as you know, I ran track myself in college. There was a guy on my team who I always thought was hot. He hadn't run our freshmen year but came out for the team as a sophomore. He had run some in high school but his main sport then was speed skating, which gave him incredible strength in his thighs and quads. And his butt. You don't often notice butt muscles on someone but Tommy's rippled when he bent over getting dressed." 

A lot like yours, I thought but didn't say.

"Anyway, the college didn't offer speed skating so, after not doing any sport freshmen year, Tommy decided to give track a try and it was clear from the start that he had the potential to be a really good sprinter. Tommy was in my dormitory sophomore year and his room was right across the quad from mine, both on the third floor. We were stuck on campus the first week of spring break and were basically the only guys left in our dorm. The second night of the break, as I turned off the light in my bedroom, I noticed that Tommy's light was still on. I didn't see him initially, but he walked into the bedroom from his suite's living room and almost immediately started to get undressed. Now I'd seen the guy dress and undress every day in the locker room but there was something hot about seeing him taking off his clothes when he wasn't aware someone was watching. He pulled off his shirt and shorts and was down to his tighty whiteys. He reached into his underpants and started rubbing his groin sort of absentmindedly while leaning over his desk reading something. I have no idea what he was looking at but it was hot watching him. After a minute or two, he pulled off his underpants and his dick kind of sprung out. It wasn't a full hard-on but he looked aroused. That got me kind of aroused too. Unfortunately, that's where the show ended because he reached for the light switch and the light was gone."

"You didn't walk over to his place right away to help him out with that woody?"

"No, that definitely wasn't going to happen. Remember, this was before being gay was okay. I might have been attracted to some guys but I promise you I never gave any indication of it to anyone."

"Even in the enlightened 21st Century, I know exactly what you mean," Benny admitted.

"What I did do was jerk off right away. That was probably part of my nightly routine anyway while I had the room to myself but Tommy's show gave me something to fantasize about. The next few nights, I wasted some time waiting for Tommy to put on a repeat show but while I saw him get down to his underwear once, that's as far as it got before the lights went out."

"Still enough for sweet dreams though?" asked Benny.

"I'd say I made do, basically. The routine continued until Friday night when it was time to relax since the coach was going to let us sleep in Saturday morning. Now, since it was spring break, there was hardly anyone on campus - certainly not the girls we might normally hang out with. The sophomores went to a bar together and got pretty drunk on beers. The drinking age was 18 then so it was easy to get booze. We started to break up around 11 and Tommy and I walked back to our dorm together. I had a small frig in my room and had stocked it with some beers. We decided we'd order some pizza to be delivered and enjoy some slices with beer. By the time the pizza was gone, it was getting really late and I suggested to Tommy that he just stay over. That sounded good to him. I also convinced him that it would be a good idea to shower before bed to relax ourselves although I think we were already pretty relaxed. I got him a towel and we both stripped down and went to the hallway bathroom. Now, as you put it, my normal inhibitions were in low gear and after he got into the first shower stall, I followed him in. He started to push me away and I pushed back and we started to wrestle playfully as the water poured down. The wrestling turned into a lot of dick and butt grabbing and pretty soon we were both hard. I'm not sure I would have taken it to the next level but I didn't have to because Tommy knelt down and grabbed my prick. He looked up at me and while holding my gaze, stuck out his tongue and gave the end of my penis a quick lick. I probably gave out a low moan and that was all he needed for encouragement. He started sucking away on my prick. He alternated licking up and down the shaft, licking the underside of the head, sucking on my balls and deep throating the whole thing. It felt awesome."

"I'll bet it did," Benny exclaimed. 

"After a few minutes of that but before finishing me, Tommy stood up and gave me a goofy grin. I suggested we take it back to my bedroom and we were soon 69ing. His body was awesome and I really got off rubbing him up and down his abs and chest and then squeezing his amazing butt while sucking on his dick. My body wasn't quite so awesome but Tommy was reciprocating, which felt great. I licked up and down his shaft and gave his balls some attention too. We both came more or less simultaneously. When we were done, Tommy climbed up to my roommate's top bunk and we were both out pretty promptly."

"That sounds pretty hot," Benny admitted, and the wet spot in his underpants indicated he felt that too. "What did you do in the morning?"

"That's for another time, young man," I said. "I think we have more important things to attend to." With that, I leaned forward and pulled his semi-hard dick out the slit in his boxers and rubbed the dripping pre-cum around the head. I stood up and held on, indicating he should follow. Benny stood too and I led him out to the hall and back towards my bedroom. 

"I think it's shower time, Benny. Let's get nice and clean." We walked into the bathroom and I turned on the shower. Benny pulled his shirt over his head and pulled his boxers off. I walked over to the medicine cabinet and took out a bottle of little blue pills and took one. I was pretty aroused but a bit of medical help was in order, I thought. I went back to the bedroom and shed my clothes. Back in the bathroom, Benny was adjusting the water temperature so that it was toasty but not scalding. 

I felt the water and hopped in and Benny followed suit. We took turns sticking our heads under the shower. I stepped back from the water and grabbed some soap and began soaping up Benny's back. I started at the top, washing his underarms in the process and then worked my way down his body. At his waist I got some extra soap in my hands and really cleaned his butt, inside and out. I stuck first one finger, then two and finally three in his butthole, pushing them around to give it a good scrub. After rinsing out the soap, I stepped back.

"Now, your turn," I said, handing Benny the soap. Benny repeated the washing I had given him, including giving my hole a good once over. When I was rinsed, I took the soap back and cleaned his front. He was already erect when I got down to his genitals. I fondled his penis and balls while soaping them up. He reciprocated on me and we rinsed together.

"I have one more personal grooming idea for you, Benny. Go lean against the wall there and spread your legs." With that I took my wife's razor and put it down on the shower bench beside Benny. I soaped up my hands again and applied it to Benny's crack. 

"Pull your buns apart so I can get in there with the razor, ok?" Benny didn't reply but complied by spreading his cheeks. There wasn't much hair there but I carefully shaved what there was, including around his anus and his taint. I had him turn to put his backside in the stream of water to rinse away the soap and then soaped him up again and shaved one more time, leaving him smooth as can be. After another rinse, I rubbed my fingers up and down his crack several times, confirming that the job was done well. It was. I gave each cheek a squeeze.

"Shall we give your balls a bit of a shave too?" I asked. Benny turned around and held his stiff prick upright, exposing his balls to my inspection. I soaped up my hands once more and got his testicles soapy too. I carefully removed what sparse hair he had on his balls. I shaved a bit around his penis too, but mainly left the hair above in place. After all, no reason to expose him to team derision by shaving him clean. 

With the shaving complete, I stood and rubbed my erect penis onto Benny's. We were ready for some fun. We dried off and returned to the bedroom. I paused and pulled Benny towards me, putting our groins together. I grabbed his butt cheeks and leaned in and gave him a kiss. Our tongues played together. I sucked on his left earlobe and moved down his chest and abs to his groin. I lifted his penis and sucked on first the left and then the right testicle, enjoying their hairlessness. His penis was dripping pre-cum and I gave that a lick too, enjoying the taste. I stood and kissed Benny again, sharing some of the pre-cum with him.

"Benny, it sounds like you enjoyed being strapped down; did you happen to bring the straps with you?" I asked, knowing the answer was affirmative. Benny smiled and nodded, reaching into his bag and pulling out the straps. He also pulled out the condoms and lube and left them on the bedside table.

"Go attach two straps to the legs at the head of the bed, Benny," I instructed. While he complied, I inspected the condoms and lube, figuring they would be useful shortly.

When he had finished attaching the two straps, I told him to lie in the middle of the bed and extend his arms. I attached a strap first to the right arm and then to the left, cinching the straps so they were tight (but not painful). I left his legs free. I stood back and enjoyed the sight of this delicious twink spread out for my pleasure. I hopped on the bed and straddled him and leaned down and kissed his neck and ears. He resisted slightly, indicating that it was ticklish. I increased my efforts. Once again, I sucked on his nipples and licked his underarms, all the while fondling his penis and balls. I tickled him pretty mercilessly and got him laughing so hard he had tears. And that wasn't they only thing the tickling made hard. Both of us were fully erect. I sat upright and crawled down the bed and gave his dick a suck. I lifted his legs up and slipped several pillows under him, putting his butt up for display. I indicated to him that he should keep his legs spread and held up to his chest. I explored his newly hairless crack with my tongue, inserting my tongue into his anus. Benny moaned as I explored his hole first with my tongue and then fingers. I felt for and found his prostate and gave it a massage. Benny's prick leaked prodigiously. I pulled his legs together and held his ankles up in the air, grabbing hold of each mound of his butt sequentially. I gave his butt a light spank. Benny looked surprised initially but didn't complain. 

"Benny, this is the most spankable bottom I've ever seen," I told him. I gave it a few more whacks, leaving his cheeks a light shade of pink. It was arousing to have Benny completely under my control, to do with what I wanted. Benny's prick was hard and dripping so he seemed to be into it too. After spanking him a few more times, I lowered him and reached for the lube. I had never fucked a man (or boy, as this 19-year-old seemed) before but I was ready for a first. I squirted some lube onto his hole and worked it in. I put on a condom and squirted more lube on my covered prick and coated it. I repeated both lubes. 

"You're the pro here, Benny," I said. "I'll go slow but let me know if I should slow down or stop."

Benny smiled up at me. "I loved it the first time and I think I'll enjoy it again."

I leaned down and sucked on his balls and licked his dick. I worked my way down his shaft and balls to his taint and then on to his butt hole. I lathered it once more with saliva and worked in the spit and lube with my fingers. Figuring he was ready, I positioned myself above his hole and pressed my erect penis for entry. At first, it didn't seem to make much progress but after several tries, Benny's sphincter relaxed and I was in. It felt tight, tighter than I felt with my wife. After giving a few moments for Benny to adjust, I started to press further, rocking back and forth. With each rock, I penetrated a bit further and ultimately was all the way in, with my balls now slapping his butt. It felt incredible and based on the sounds coming from Benny, it was pretty enjoyable on the receiving end too. By now, I was fully horizontal and pumping hard into him. I leaned down and kissed him and sucked on his ears, neck and nipples. Several times I felt like I wasn't far from coming but I slowed down each time, to let him catch up.

"Are you going to be able to come?" I asked.

"I am so close. Your dick feels amazing in my butt."

I got into a kneeling position while continuing to attack his hole. I grabbed his penis and started pumping it. Benny's moaning got louder and he indicated he was starting to come. I focused more of my energy on pumping his dick and he screamed in delight while cum started shooting out. With Benny in full orgasmic thrall and with a growing orgasm of my own coming, I let go of his penis and went horizontal again and pumped as hard as I could. I exploded and pumped away as the orgasm faded ever so slowly. It was one of the most intense orgasms I could remember. And the second of the evening, which made it all the more amazing. As the orgasm ended, I collapsed on top of Benny, giving occasional pumps as the last gasps of the orgasm subsided. 

My dick softened and eventually, it popped out. I reached down and pulled off the condom and was impressed with the amount of cum it contained. 

"Hold the rubber over my mouth and let your cum drip down," Benny instructed. I held the condom aloft and allowed the cum to enter his open mouth, finally turning it inside out and allowing him to lick it clean. I gave him a kiss and tasted my own cum. His abs, chest and chin were coated in Benny's own cum and I started to clean him up, partly by licking it off and partly by scooping it up and putting fingers full into his mouth. When he was all clean, I released him from the straps. Benny flexed his freed arms and reached over, held my face and gave me a deep kiss.

"That was great. You're not as long as Drew but you're thicker. Whatever, the combination felt great - even better than the first time."

"It was great on my end too, youngster," I admitted. I rearranged the pillows and blankets and reached over and turned off the bedside lamp. We snuggled together. Soon Benny's deep breaths indicated he had fallen asleep and I soon nodded off myself. Sweet dreams all around.