 Once I was ready I laid on my bed waiting for Dad, Henry was busy shutting off the lights locking the doors, even he was a bit nervous, and maybe feeling a little guilt at the same time, this after all was his stepson, and a great kid at that. Henry walked in the room, Tommy laid there naked ready for him to take him, Henry sat on the side of the bed.

"Tommy are you sure you really want this?" Henry said quietly.

Tommy got behind his Dad, his hands on the man's shoulders, gently massaging them.

"Dad come on you know I do, and I want and need you to do this for me Please!" Tommy pleaded.

Henry turned to Tommy.

"Son I am scared I may hurt you!" Henry replied.

"Dad you know you could never do that to me, your my protector, my hero, your my Dad!" Tommy said proudly.

"But son that's it exactly I am your Dad, I am not supposed to be having sex with you! I feel terribly guilty all of a sudden!" Henry said in a low tone.

"Dad you have to understand, I need you to do this for me please! Please Dad for me!" Tommy pleaded.

Tommy leaned in and stole a kiss.

"Lay down Please Dad!" Henry asked quietly.

Tommy gave him that look, Henry removed his clothes laid in the middle of the bed. Tommy got in between the man's legs, taking his huge penis in his hand, licking the tip of the man's cock, peeling back the foreskin to get all of that lovely precum accumulated there. Tommy grabbed the lube from the nightstand, getting the man's cock slicked up, getting his hole wet and ready for the huge invasion that was to come.

Tommy straddled the mans hips, pointing his Dad's huge cock at his hole, Tommy pushed two fingers in to loosen himself up, eventually getting the third one in. He took his Dad's cock and placed it at the entrance, he slowly applied pressure, he pushed his hole out to help accommodate the massive cock. Slowly the knob entered, Tommy could not hide the pain it caused him to have such a huge cock in his ass. 

"Do you want to stop Son?" Henry inquired.

Tommy shook his head 

"No Dad I want to do this!" Tommy said his voice much higher than usual.

Tommy was more determined now, pain or no pain he would have his Dad's huge cock in his hole. Tommy pressed his ass down and out at the same time, slowly Henry's cock disappeared into his Tommy's hole. 

Finally Tommy could feel his Dad's public hair on his butt cheeks, Tommy sat completely idle, it would take some time for his hole to accept such a huge intrusion. Henry held his son's legs trying what he could to make it easier for the boy, 

"Are you okay Son?" Henry asked.

"Yes Dad I'm fine!" Tommy sounded out of breath and in pain.

Tommy slowly lifted himself off of the man's cock, he had to admit it felt really good to have such a huge cock in his hole, just as he was about three quarters out Tommy dropped back down, then quickly rose back up, Tommy was really getting into it now, his cock a geyser spraying his Dads tummy and chest with precum with every partial exit. Henry grabbed the boys hips helping him ride his huge cock, Henry was close he would cream the boys ass soon.

Tommy was a wild man now he was riding his Dad like a bull rider, the boy wanted his Dad's load in him now. No sooner said than done Henry could not hold back anymore, the boy was so tight, his cock felt in a vice, a very seductive vice that had a wonderful grip on his cock.

"Oh Fuck Son I'm going to cum, oh yes ride it Son, Fuck Son take Daddy's load!" Henry yelled out.

The stimulation too much for the boy, his cock shooting ropes and ropes of cum on the man's chest and abdomen. The boy laid on his Dad's chest spent from the sexual workout, Henry's cock slowly deflating, slipping out of the boys anus. 

Tommy stretched out his legs, laid out on his Dad's chest he felt so sexually fulfilled. His ass sore but at the same time he felt so good, his hole dripping the wonderful cum his Dad had just deposited there. Henry ran his hands on the boys back, 

"Son that was amazing, are you okay?" Henry questioned the boy.

"Yes Dad I have never been better actually!" Tommy's voice seemed higher, happier.

Tommy laid on his Dad's chest a huge smile on his face, eyes closed, his hands holding the man. Henry rolled Tommy off.

"Lets get in the shower son, then its off to bed!" Henry suggested.

After a quick shower they spooned in bed like they had on previous nights, Tommy was out in only a few minutes, Henry a short time later. Tommy was the first to wake up in the morning, his Dad held him tight, the man's cock was semi erect.

Tommy grabbed the lube and lubed the man's cock up, pointing to his hole the boy pushed the man's cock into his still tight hole. Henry's cock soon engulfed by his son's tight ass, Henry woke his cock in the boys ass.

"Come on Dad fuck me again please!" Tommy commanded.

Henry grabbed the boys hips and started to fuck the boys ass, gentle at first , eventually quickening the pace. It took hardly no time for Henry to shoot yet another huge load of cum in the boys wanting hole. Tommy stroked his cock as the man fucked him, soon both men were unloading their loads.