 Author's note: First of all, I must apologize for the long delay between stories. Been busy, as it has been summer and I do not spend much time on computer when weather is nice. I appreciate the feedback and will answer a couple of questions. First, this is a true story, everything described did happen. Second, it was not an abusive relationship. The four of us were and remain best friends. Hope you all enjoy the rest of it, and as always, comments are welcome, as well as questions. 

The next few days were interesting, to say the least. Having always been an only child, I had to adjust to having brothers. Of course, the sex made that adjustment enjoyable. One night, a few days after I had moved in, parents were tired and went to bed early, so we all went upstairs so as not to disturb them. , When we got to the top of the stairs, John stopped and gently pulled me to the side of the railing, out of sight of anyone looking up the stairway.

"Strip," he said softly. 

Jim and Ron were also standing there watching me as I looked back puzzled.

"You are going to be naked once you get to our room anyway, so just get naked now , slut," John told me.

He was right, once we got to our room my clothes went off, so it really made no difference. I peeled off my shirt and slid my shorts off, my cock springing up and bobbing in the air. When I looked over to them, all three of them had their cocks out. John crooked his finger at me, motioning me to come towards them. I moved away from the railing and in a few steps was right in front of them.

"Now get on your knees and open your mouth, slut," John said. 

I went to my knees and opened my mouth, my hand moving to grasp the hard cock in front of me. John took my hand with his and moved it away from his cock.

"Just use your mouth. Suck my cock, slut." I took his cock in my mouth and began to suck the head. He stayed perfectly still and let me suck his cock inch by inch into my mouth. As I began to suck it, he told me what to do, how deep to take it, how slow or fast to suck it. Sometimes he had me just sucking the head of it, sometimes he had me take it deep into my throat. He never touched me, just stood still and gave me verbal commands, telling me to slow down or speed up, making me suck his cock as he wanted it sucked. 

"Suck it hard, slut. Suck out all that cum." I hollowed my cheeks getting my mouth tighter around his cock, and he let go, thick cum filling my mouth. I swallowed most of it, but as usual a little dribbled out. When he was finished, he moved aside and Jim took his place in front of me. 

"Keep your mouth open but do not move, slut. Remain completely still." I did as he wanted and he began to run his cock around my mouth before sliding it inside, his hands holding my head. I closed my lips around his cock as he began to fuck my mouth, sometimes slow, sometimes fast, just the head and then thrusting deep. I remained perfectly still as he used my mouth, fucking it at his own pace. It was not too long until he slid his cock deep into my mouth and I felt his cum splash against my throat. He was deep enough that I swallowed all of it.

When Ron took his place in front of me, he was stroking his cock, his hand wrapped around it. "Take the head in your mouth, slut. Close your lips around it, and use your tongue on it." I closed my lips around the head of his cock loosely, and kept my tongue moving as he continued pumping his cock, jacking off into my mouth.

"Open wide, slut. Stick out your tongue," he told me as he gripped his cock tighter in his hand. I opened my mouth and stretched out my tongue. He put his cock on my tongue and began to cum, his cum splashing into my mouth, joining that of the others.

For the next couple of hours, I remained on my knees, naked, my mouth opened at all times as they took turns using it as they wished. I sucked each of their cocks. Each of them took turns fucking my mouth. After all three of them had cum a second time, we cleaned up and got ready for bed.

That was my introduction to a game they called Slut for a Day. It was a game we played often when we had several hours alone, and especially on Friday nights when our parents would go out for the evening and we had the house to ourselves all through the evening. The rules were simple, the slut, me, but sometimes joined by one of the others because of a bet, had to be naked, kneeling, and let the others use my or our mouths any way they wished, as often as they wished and for as long as they wished. 

Before heading off to bed, Jim hugged me and said that the only thing that could make things any better was for me to be a girl so they could fuck me, too.

"Well, he is not a girl," John answered as he moved behind me rubbing my ass and wiggling his finger against my asshole. "But, I do have an idea here."

The next night, I was the last one to get upstairs. When I got there, I found the three of them wearing only loose boxers, and all three had their cocks sticking out through the fly. John was at the record player putting a stack of 45's on. 

"Here is another game we think you will enjoy," Ron spoke first. "But you have to be naked to play."

I was naked and on my knees in front of him before he spoke again." We call this game Musical Cocks, slut. When the record starts, you start to suck my cock. Keep sucking it until the music stops."

I heard the record drop and the needle hit. When the record started to play, I took his cock in my mouth. For the next couple of minutes, I sucked him with a steady rhythm. While I sucked his cock, he told me what to do next. When the record stopped, while another was dropping, I moved over to Jim who was sitting in a chair. As the next record began, I began sucking him. As each record changed, I moved from cock to cock, taking a short rest when the stack needed replaced. We went through several stacks, before they were ready to cum. 

Jim was the first to be ready, and at that point, Ron told me that when any of them began to cum, I was to continue sucking that cock through the next record. After all three had cum in my mouth, Jim went downstairs and came back with some drinks. 

As we were resting, Ron asked if I had enjoyed this little game. I nodded and smiled.

"Want to play again?" he asked. Soon the room was filled with music, and my mouth was filled with cock.