 " Mmmmm, yeah, " I heard Jim moan. " Nice and deep and slow. I like it when you suck me like that. " 

I was on my knees in front of him, naked. I had been sucking his cock slowly for a while, my mouth wide, my tongue playing along the underside, reaching out to lick ahead as I took him deeper. When the head of his cock pressed against my throat, I hesitated just a moment before pressing against him and letting his cock slide down my throat, the tip of my tongue licking his sac. I did not gag anymore. Not since a few days earlier.........

"Come on, slut. You can do it. " John said, as his hand pushed down on the back of my head. His cock was deep in my mouth, pressing against my throat. 

" Grrrrg, " was all I could get out as my throat tightened and I tried to pull back. As I began to choke, he took his hand off of my head letting me come up for air. 

" Almost, slut. Getting closer to getting it in your throat. " He smiled as I knelt there panting. We had been at this for a while. Jim and Ron had already cum in my mouth from trying so long. John was the only one hard, but I knew he would be cumming soon.

" Let's try again. Start sucking me again. " John leaned back against the sofa, his cock sticking straight up. I leaned forward and gripped it in my hand, lowering my mouth and taking in the head, sucking it deeper with every movement of my head, until once again he was pressed against My throat. I swallowed and pushed down, but my throat just locked up, and I backed off, coughing. He told me to try that again, the swallowing before I tried to take it. Still could not do it.

"Ok. We will try again later, " he said, letting go of my head. " Finish sucking me off, slut. " 

His cock was already leaking, and within a couple minutes of me sucking his cock, he added his cum to that of the other two in my mouth. 

Later was mid afternoon, when we got back home from a pick up baseball game. There were still a couple of hours until our parents got home. After showering, I found myself laying on my back on one of the dressers upstairs, my head over the edge and John's cock in my mouth, fucking it, going a little deeper each stroke until he was pressed against my throat. 

" Relax your throat, slut. It will slide right in like this, and even if it takes a while, I like fucking your mouth this way. " He pressed his cock against my throat and held it there, then pulled back and fucked my mouth with slow strokes, each time bumping my throat. As his cock rested against the opening to my throat, I had to swallow. When my throat relaxed from the swallowing reflex, he pushed forward and the head of his cock slipped into my throat.

" Breathe through your nose, " he said as I began to choke. " Relax and it will be fine." He pushed deeper and the last of his cock was down my throat, my lips pressed against his balls and his stomach. In a few seconds, he pulled back so just the head was still in my mouth, giving me a chance to catch my breath . I felt him begin to slide into my mouth again, took a deep breath, and as his cock neared my throat again, I swallowed and he slipped all the way in again, his cock in my throat, his balls laying on my nose. 

" He did it. The slut finally got it all in. " I heard Jim say from beside me. " Bet it feels good."

" Find out for yourself, " John chuckled, as he slid his cock out of my mouth and stepped away.

I barely had time to catch my breath before Jim took his place, his cockhead at my lips. " Open wide, slut " He began fucking my mouth as John had been and soon his cock was pressing against my throat and then sliding into it until he was buried to the hilt. " Shit, that feels soo good! " he groaned as he held it there for a few moments before pulling out and fucking my mouth a few more strokes. I swallowed him again and as he was pulling out he lost it and started to cum, filling my mouth..He withdrew and as I finished swallowing, Ron's cock was taking it's place.

" A good coating of cum will make it easier for mine to go down, " he said as he entered deep into my mouth and pressed against my throat. Now I knew what to do and taking him in was relatively easy. He fucked my mouth for a few minutes, every now and then pushing into my throat. Finally, he moaned and pushed once more against my throat. " Here it comes, slut. Right down your throat! " As his cock entered my throat he began to cum. I never tasted any of it until he pulled out and his head dragged across my tongue. John was right there when Ron pulled out, and he barely got his cock in my mouth before he began to shoot......

Since that day, I had no trouble swallowing their cocks. It took some practice but I got to where I could swallow them from a kneeling position, as I was doing now with Jim. The other two were standing around me, the three of them close to me. Jim pulled out of my mouth and told me to tilt my head back. As I did, they all moved closer so their balls were above my face. " Lick our balls for a while, slut. " I heard Ron say. While they stroked their cocks, my tongue reached out and licked each of their sacs, lifting their balls, gently swiping at them. Finally they moved back a little, bringing each of their cockheads to my mouth. I licked all three of them as they continued jacking off..Jim started cumming first, then John and Ron together. Some of it went in my wide open mouth, some on my face. As they finished up, they put all three of their heads into my mouth for me to lick again.