 Time quickly passed, Dad and I enjoyed each other sexually for many months, but school was over, graduation was now here, I had been accepted to a University many miles away. Frankie and I were to be in the same university, probably sharing the same dorm room. My dream of leaving this small town had come to fruition, Frankie and I would be in a smaller city, but still a city, we were both nervous and could not wait at the same time.

Both families got together for a farewell dinner at a local eatery, a fun time was had by all, they had Frankie get up and make a speech, then I was to make one. Frankie went on and on about how he would miss this town, his family, his siblings, it seem to go on forever. I had mine all memorized, I knew what I would say, and I would keep it brief. 

I thanked my Mom first and foremost, who got me thru the death of my father, then remarrying a wonderful man, Henry who helped me not only with school, but also with football practice, including hours exercising to get my strength up, to help me become more precise in where I threw the ball. I had practiced the speech countless times, but saying it all in person, brought tears to my eyes, both my Mom and Henry's eyes as well.

Henry and I would only have one more night alone before I was to leave. I looked forward to being alone with him one more time before Frankie and I made the trip to University. Mom left for work, she had taken the following night off to see us off. 

Henry, Mom and I had dinner, then Mom went off to get ready for work, Henry and I would go do one more work out before it was time for me to go, Henry showed me a few more new work outs he had come up with to strengthen the arm muscles in my throwing arm. Mom came down telling us it was time for her to head off to work.

When we heard the car drive off, I laid there on the weight bench looking at the man, the man who had gotten me thru those awkward teen years of high school, the man who taught me so many things including how to get better with my possible football career, and of course the sex, the most incredible sex a boy could possibly imagine. 

"Thanks Dad!" Tommy commented.

"For what Son?" Henry asked.

"For all you have done for me in the years you have been in my life, for accepting me as your son, your gay son at that, and the sex too of course!" Tommy said more than a little nervous.

Henry was kind of red faced, the man still carried some guilt of the sex acts he and I had done to, and on each other. 

"I will miss these nights of you and I in the basement working out, us just hanging out together, I know I can call but its not the same as you and I in the same room, I will miss you Dad!" Tommy said with a tear in his eye.

"I'll miss you too son!" Henry said with a tear in his eye.

Henry gave me a hug, I still felt so safe in that man's arms.

"Okay now lets get the rest of this workout done with shall we!" Henry said trying to lighten the mood.

We finished our workout with me doing a bench press, Henry's oh so loose shorts, with his huge cock just out of reach for my mouth and tongue. I put the bar back in the rack, using the bar to pull myself up I took the man's cock in my mouth, dam I would miss his big cock in my mouth. That wonderful precum the man fed me, that huge cock that nearly gagged me even still, I could finally get the entire cock down my throat now.

Lifting myself up to get more of the man's cock down my throat, I released his cock.

"Can we use this as one of the exercises, this one has a great motivator, I could really get into this one!" Tommy smirked as he told his Dad.

Henry only smiled, I'm sure I looked more than a little odd a high school football jock, doing pull ups with a cock deep in my mouth and throat with every upward pull.

"Come on Dad why don't you fuck me right here on the weight bench!" Tommy begged.

I quickly took my shorts off, my cock at full mast, pulling my legs back my hole ready for the man's huge cock. 

"No son lets go upstairs, besides you need to be clean for this!" Henry insisted.

I got up only my tee shirt on, I walked upstairs cock flopping back and forth, precum dripping from the tip. Once ready I laid out on the bed and waited for him to come and take me. Henry came into my room, his cock tenting his shorts, 

"Lets make this a memorable one this time son!" Henry suggested.

Henry stripped his clothes off, standing there naked looking at me like I was a piece of meat.

"Dam son I want to fuck you so hard!" Henry said in a lower voice.

"Come on Dad don't stand there get over here and do it this ass is waiting for your big cock!" Tommy boasted.

Henry had me start in a doggy style position, he knew I really liked this one as he could really fuck me hard. His huge cock lubed up and slowly sliding in, dam I would miss his huge cock, Henry quickly got his momentum up, he had me straighten my legs, so I was laid out flat, Henry on top of me.

"Ready Son this might hurt a bit!" Henry said with concern for the boy.

"Give it to me Dad!" Tommy urged.

I did not have to tell him twice, the man slammed it home, his cock a piston, my hole hurt, but felt good kind of hurt. I could feel his body tense up, he was close, his balls ready to unload. Henry fucked me even harder, he would make this last one count. 

I lifted my ass so I could grab my own swelled penis, I stroked maybe five times my own cock exploding with a massive orgasm, with my hole tightening from my own orgasm, Henry's cock blasted my bowels, I could feel his cum shooting in my own hole. Henry laid on top of me, trying to enjoy the moment I thought, once the orgasm subsided Henry had me roll over, he laid on top of me, looking in my eyes, 

"Going to miss you Son!" Henry said quietly.

"Going to miss you too Dad!" Tommy replied softly.

Henry rolled off of me.

"Come on shower time!" Henry urged.

I followed him into the shower, he soaped me up, I soaped him, rubbing his back I knew I would miss this, just hanging out with the man. Henry helped me change the sheets on the bed, then we climbed in, he held me to him like I would try to get away, I was so comfortable in this man's arms, we both dozed off waking up at six our usual time, we would not have time to have sex this morning, Mom would be home soon.

I jumped in the shower Henry went to make breakfast, change of plan, Frankie and I would leave right after breakfast, we had a long road ahead of us. Mom came in she looked so tired, I met her with a hug, we all sat and had breakfast, Frankie pulled up, none of us said a word, I got up and grabbed my luggage, Frankie's Mom had packed us some food for the road, he wanted to get going.

Without a word spoken I pulled my Mom into a hug, and that was it the waterworks started.

"I'll miss you Mom, I love you so much! Thank you for all you have done for me!" Tommy sobbed as the words came out.

Henry stood behind her, his hand on her back. I pulled Henry into a hug.

"Thanks Dad, your the best Dad a boy could ever have, I love you so much!" Tommy cried as the words escaped his mouth.

"Love you too Son!" Henry said quietly.

The three of us hugged right there in the driveway.

"Come on Tommy we have to get going!" Frankie urged.

I kissed Mom on the cheek, Dad too.

"Love you guys I will call when we get there!" Tommy said trying to lighten the mood.

Frankie and I drove off, it took some time to get myself together, last night would be the last time I would ever have sex with Dad again, I met a guy at university, he and I were a great pair, the only weird part was he really looked and acted a lot like Henry, seems Mom and I had the same taste in men.