 Again my thanks for all the feedback and wonderful comments. I have replied to everyone who has contacted me since last submission. To those who I missed from earlier submissions, I apologize. Will respond to all who do not sign off as Anonymous. Enjoy.

A steady rain had been falling all night, and it looked like it would be an all day affair. Today there would be no working, and no ball game. We were on the big front porch, facing the road. The house sat about three hundred feet back, a few large pines shielding it, and the porch had a solid wall around it about four feet high. Any one driving past and glancing up would perhaps catch a glimpse of someone being there, but that is all. No one would ever have a clue what was going on. No one would know that I was naked, on my knees, and looking at three hard cocks. 

"You like that, don't you, slut," I heard Jim ask. I nodded as Ron rubbed his cock all over my face, rubbing it across my eyes, over my forehead, and down along my cheek before brushing my lips with it.

“.If you really like it, kiss it. Kiss it all over." I began to kiss the head of Ron's cock, my lips then traveling along the side of it, sliding along his length, planting little kisses as I went. My lips covered every square inch of his cock, both sides, the top, the underside with the thick vein. As my lips reached the base of his cock there, he told me not to forget about his balls. As I finished kissing his balls, John's voice was the next I heard.

"Now use your tongue. Lick your way back up" My tongue began to lick at Ron's balls, and retraced the path my lips had just taken, covering his cock with a coating of saliva and ending by swirling around the head of his cock.

"Yeah, you like that, slut, and so do I," I heard Ron sigh. "But I think you should show Jim and John that you like their cocks, too" With those words he moved aside and Jim took his place, and I repeated what I had just done for Ron, kissing Jim's cock and balls, then licking my way from his balls to the head of his cock. John was last and as I was licking the head of his cock he reached down and lifted my chin and smiled down at me.

“You like that cock, don’t you slut” he asked.

I nodded and continued to lick the head of his cock.

“What do you want to do, now?”

I looked at him and smiled, ”You know what I want to do,” I answered moving to catch the head of his cock in my mouth. 

“Yes,” he answered, pulling his cock away. “But I like to hear you say it.

I looked up and him and answered. “I want to suck your cocks.” By now my own cock was hard as could be and wetness was dripping from it.

‘Tell us what you are first,” Ron piped in. I glanced over at him and grinned before I answered that I was a slut and a cock sucker. John pressed his cock into my mouth and held my chin for a moment.

“Then suck us off, slut. Take the edge off for later.” I knew what he meant as I began to suck his cock. The thought never left my mind as I began to suck his cock, sliding my lips over it, taking him deeper and deeper into my mouth until he filled my mouth with cum. Ron followed, then Jim. As I began to pull off of Jim’s cock, he stopped me.

“Keep it in your mouth and look up at me,” he said. I held his cock in my mouth and raised my eyes to his.

“You love this, don’t you, slut?” With a cock in my mouth all I could do was nod. 

“Are you still ready for what we have talked about doing?” Again I nodded

    **************************************

The rain was still coming down, their cocks were hard again, I was still naked, but now was not on my knees. I was leaning over one of the chairs we had upstairs, and John had a finger in my ass. They had been trying to talk me into this for a week now. Being much bigger and stronger, they could have just done it, but that was not our way. Never did they use their size and strength to force me to do anything. John pulled his finger out and Jim moved in behind me. Jim was to start because his cock was the most slender.. 

“Relax. Just relax and it will be fine. Just like when you first took our cocks down your throat.”

My ass was slippery with baby oil, as was his cock, but I was still tense. 

“Ok, very slow and easy,” I heard him say. “Just one inch at a time, and if it hurts, say so.” His cock moved to my opening and he began to rub it around, pressing against it. At first, I contracted, but as his pressure became harder, I relaxed and the head of his cock slipped inside. He stopped as the head entered, staying very still as I got used to it. It actually did not feel much different than having a finger in there.

”Shit, that feels good!” I heard him say. “You ok?” I nodded and he withdrew, then he pushed back into me again, pressing forward a little further. He pulled back again and worked into me about two inches. I had been biting my lip, but the pain I was waiting for never appeared, I just felt full, and relaxed as he moved in and out before slipping out and stepping aside. Ron took his place, his cock was just slightly thicker, and I felt my ass being stretched a little further as he entered. Stopping at about two inches, he waited until he was sure everything was ok.

“Does it hurt?” he asked.

“Just go slow,” I answered. 

He took his time working his cock in and out of my ass, pushing a little deeper each time until he was four inches or so into me. He fucked me for a couple of minutes, very slowly before pulling his cock out. My ass closed around his cock as he pulled the head out. John worked a little more oil into me before pressing his cock against my ass and slipping inside. His head and the first few inches went in easily, but then I felt a moment of discomfort as the thick part of his cock stretched me .I reached back to his hips and held him as I pulled away. He stopped and waited until I put my hand back down and told him to go ahead. Soon his belly was against my ass. His cock was buried inside me, as deep as it could go. God, I felt so full, but I liked the feeling, and as he began to pull back and then push forward, my ass moved to meet his thrusts. It did not take long before I felt his cock swell inside me and he pressed deep and I felt his warm cum flood my ass. When he slipped out, Jim was there to take his place in a flash, his cock being slimmer and my ass being more lubed by John’s cum, he had no trouble getting his cock all the way into me, a little deeper than John, but not stretching my ass as much. He fucked me for a minute or so, and shot his load of cum into me. Ron practically pulled him away so he could get in my ass before he came, flooding me within a few strokes.

I had cum while they fucked me, I believe while Jim was cumming in my ass. Ron’s cock slipped out of my ass and I just sagged for a moment, the others were caressing me, talking about how great that was, and asking me how I felt. Suddenly, I felt like I had to take the biggest crap I ever thought, and straightened up and made a beeline for the bathroom. 

All that came out was air and cum, but it sure felt like more. All three of them followed to make sure I was ok. I assured them I was fine. Surprisingly, it did not hurt. I suppose because of the slow way it happened. After hot showers all the way around, we were back to playing games the rest of that rainy day.