 Mom remarried a few years after Dad passed away from a massive heart attack, it was hard life for Mom and I with Dad gone. When Mom met Henry they had a whirlwind romance and married within the year of getting together. I liked Henry he was a great guy, he spent quality time with me.

"I'm not trying to replace your Dad Tommy!" Henry said with concern for me in his voice.

He really was a great replacement for my Dad, he was much more attentive than my real father ever was, he took interest in my schooling, the sports I played, he even gave me the talk about sex, even though I knew most of what he told me.

I was eighteen this year, graduation then on to university, I still had not decided which one, but I would stay close to home was my plan. Mom was a nurse and started working strictly night shifts, she was gone from eight at night till eight in the morning. 

Henry commented. "I hate sleeping alone! I wish you did not have to work night shifts. I may have to jump in bed with you Tommy!" Henry grinned as he said it.

"I have a big bed, your more than welcome to join me Henry!" I said with a sly grin.

Mom left for work at seven like she always did, Henry was watching television, or should I say napping in between shows. I was in my room playing a video game, when I heard Henry come up to bed, slowly opening my door.

"Night Tommy, don't stay up to late son!" Henry said with a smile.

I really liked when he called me son.

"One more level then its off to bed for me, Night Dad!" half turning smiling back at him.

I think I caught him off guard by calling him Dad, I was in the last stage of the level when the power went out, there was a wicked storm brewing, lightning, thunder, possible hail. I got undressed and looked out the window, standing at the window naked, watching the lightning light up the sky, Dad opened my door and walked into my room. 

"Looks like a pretty bad storm!" Henry commented.

I glanced at my underwear, I was about to go grab them then thought it over, we stood at the window side by side looking out. 

"It's really bad out there son, I hate lightning and thunder storms! I feel much better when your mother is here in bed with me!" Henry exclaimed.

"You can sleep in here with me Dad!" I said to Henry as my cock sprung to life, just the thought of him in bed with me made my cock harden.

"Are you sure Son?" Henry stole a look at my growing cock.

"Come on get in bed with me Dad!" Tommy winked, grabbing his fathers arm pulling him to his bed.

I shut the light and got in bed, Henry nervously wanting to get in bed with me, but still not sure he should get in. 

"You sleep with underwear on Dad?" Tommy asked him, hoping to get the man naked.

"Not usually, but I did not want to make you uncomfortable son!" Henry stood there as the words left his mouth, still not sure this was a good idea.

"Take those off and get in here you!" Tommy smiled as he encouraged his Dad get naked.

Tommy lifted the blankets and motioned for him to get in. I quickly stole a peek at the man's cock it was impressive for sure even soft.

"Slide your arm under my neck Dad, then we can sleep nice and close together! So you feel safe!" Tommy commented.

His hairy chest felt so good on my back, the man had an amazing body, he pulled me close to him, his cock against my ass crack, I wanted him in me so badly, but I was a virgin at this point in my life, it was hard to get a finger in my hole, let alone a huge penis like the man had. Henry slowly got comfortable with me in my bed, adjusting his cock as it got harder by the second, I lifted my leg his cock slid in between my legs. His cock was dripping precum, I so wanted it in my mouth, I wanted a taste of his precum, I wanted his cum in my mouth.

With his head right beside mine I could hear his labored breathing, the man was horny, he needed release, I wanted his cock in my mouth more than anything in this world. I turned around so my face was looking into his, my hand touched his chest, the hair felt so good, I tweaked his nipple, my hand roamed his body, finally resting on his huge penis, I held his cock firmly it was so hard but the skin so soft, I looked him in his eyes. 

"Can I please suck your cock Dad?" Tommy asked sheepishly.

Henry did not reply, he simply pulled back the covers to reveal his huge penis, erect it was massive, the foreskin covering his knob, a clear pool of precum emanating from the tip. I got in between the mans hairy legs, my hands sliding up and down, the hair felt so good. I took his huge penis in my hand, my hand felt so small with such a large tool in it, I slowly stroked his cock, his knob was glistening when the lightning lit up the sky, I leaned in and went to lick his huge cock.

"Are you sure you want to do this Son?" Henry asked with concern for the boy.

I leaned in and took his knob in my mouth, the knob was so silky smooth, it felt so good in my mouth, my tongue lapped all the precum the man could produce. I slowly stroked his cock while I sucked on his knob, his cock continued to produce more and more precum, this gave me the lube to take on more of the man's cock, I got about half of his huge tool in my mouth and down my throat, the man's balls retracted he was close, I quickened the tempo on my stroking and sucking, I wanted, no I needed this mans cum.

Henry grabbed my head trying to get more of his huge cock down my throat, ever so gently he fucked my mouth, his eyes locked to mine.

"Oh fuck Tommy! Suck Daddy's cock son! You're going to make me cum, Oh Fuck Tommy, Take it son, take Daddy's load!" Henry screamed.

With that the man blasted my mouth, throat, tonsils, I feared I may choke there was so much cum, Henry's body convulsed, his cock spurting more and more cum from the his huge cock. Cum dripped from his cock, onto his ball sack, on my chin, try as I might I could not take it all. His body did one final spasm, Henry collapsed, laying there, spent. I continued to lick up the cum the man had produced, his cock so sensitive at this point, my own cock was rock hard and ready to spill its load.

I laid down beside him stroking my own cock, it took a mere four or five strokes and my cock erupted, I shot myself in the face, neck and chest. I laid there cum soaked, totally exhausted. I grabbed my tee shirt and cleaned myself up, got back in position, Henry pulled me in close to him, our cocks deflated. We were both out in a few minutes, I woke a few times, Henry had me held tight in his grasp, I am sure I will never sleep so good ever again.