 The next morning we were both up at seven, Henry still had me held tight in his strong hairy arms.

"Morning Dad, did you sleep okay?" Tommy asked with concern in his voice.

"Sure did son, we better get up and at it your Mom will be home soon!" Henry replied.

I got up and went for a shower, Henry was right behind me, his huge cock semi erect swinging back and forth. 

"Want me to suck you again Dad?" Tommy inquired.

"No you better not son, Thanks for last night Son, I slept so good, and the blow job was just what I needed!" Henry smiled as he followed Tommy into the shower.

"You're welcome Dad my pleasure!" Tommy smiled.

Trying not to make things weird between us was hard, Henry was clearly uncomfortable with the fact I had sucked his cock. 

"Tommy do you need a ride to school today son? I am heading that way so it's not a problem?" Henry said.

"Sure Dad that would be great!" Tommy smiled.

I grabbed my backpack, kissing Mom, as I went out the door, Mom just stared at Henry. 

"What was that all about?" Mom asked Henry with concern in her voice. "He's calling you Dad now?" 

"Yeah last night I said Goodnight Son and he replied Goodnight Dad, and has been calling me that since!" Henry grinned.

My Mom only shook her head in the affirmative. Henry was quiet on the ride to school. 

"Is everything okay Dad?" Tommy asked with concern.

"Yes Son why do you ask?" Henry replied.

"You're not very talkative today is all!" Tommy commented.

"Sorry son lots on my mind is all, I have a meeting today, work stuff!" Henry replied, squeezing the young mans shoulder.

"Oh Okay I was just hoping it had nothing to do with last night?" Tommy commented.

"Oh no Son I enjoyed it, hope we can do it again soon and maybe more!" Henry beamed.

"Thanks for the ride Dad! See you later have a great day!" Tommy smiled as he exited his Dad's truck. 

"Thanks Son you too!" Henry said happily.

It was a really great day at school, my best friend came up and asked. 

"What's with you Tommy, you're way to smiley today?" Frankie asked.

"I just had a great night is all!" Tommy said with a silly grin on his face.

"Did you get laid or something?" Frankie inquired with a look of tell me more.

"You could say that! Yes, maybe I did!" Tommy beamed. 

"Details I need details, lots and lots of details!" Frankie commented.

"Sorry Frankie I don't kiss and tell!" Tommy replied, his face glowing.

"Can you at least tell me who?" Frankie asked. frantic to know.

"No sorry man I can't tell you who or what transpired!" Tommy replied. as he turned and walked away. 

Frankie bugged me all day to tell him what had happened, I was not about to spill the beans. Finally the day ended, Frankie gave me a ride home. 

"Thanks man lets talk later!" Tommy said.

"Okay Tommy later!" Frankie commented, "Maybe I can get more information from you later!"

Tommy only smiled and got out of the car. Mom was up when I walked in. 

"You're in a good mood did you have a good day?" Mom inquired. 

"Sure did Mom, I aced all my exams, it's been a fantastic day!" Tommy smiled.

"Glad to see you and Henry are getting along so well!" Mom said.

"He is a great guy Mom! I have homework!" replied Tommy, as he gave his Mom a peck on the cheek.

We all had dinner, I went back to my room and continued the game I had started last night, no sooner did I know it Mom was going to work it would be bedtime soon. Henry poked his head in before heading to his bedroom. 

"I'm going to bed son see you in the morning!" Henry told Tommy. 

"Night Dad have a good night!" Tommy replied with disappointment in his voice.

Henry slowly shut the bedroom door, I was sad he would not be in my bed tonight, his cock would not be in my mouth. I shut my game and lights out and crawled into bed, I was laying there staring at the ceiling, dam I was so horny, I was about to get up maybe jerk off to some porn when my door opened. 

"Tommy you still awake?" Henry asked.

"Yeah Dad I can't get to sleep!" Tommy commented.

"Neither can I, I hate to sleep alone!" Henry said.

"Get in here then!" Tommy replied.

Henry took his underwear off and crawled in, we laid there looking at each other, this time it was Henry who touched Tommy first, his hand on his smooth chest, Tommy's hands behind his own head letting the man do as he pleased to him.

"You're in good shape son!" Henry said.

"Thanks Dad must be all the sports I play!" Tommy replied.

Henry's hand roamed Tommy's body settling on his rock hard cock.

"Dam son you have a nice cock!" Commented Henry.

"Thanks Dad I really like yours as well, and it tastes so good!" Tommy grinned and licked his lips.

Henry leaned in taking the boys cock into his mouth, he would show the boy how a man sucked another man's cock, the man knew his way around a cock, he swallowed him to the base, the things he did with his tongue were amazing, Tommy would blow his load soon. Tommy sat myself up.

"You're going to make me cum let me suck yours for a bit Da!" Tommy said enthusiastically.

I got between the mans legs like I had done last night, I loved the look of his huge penis, how the skin engulfed the knob, how much clear liquid his beautiful cock produced, his rock hard it really was. I took his cock in my mouth like I had done the night before, but I added the tongue action like Henry had done to me. 

"Oh dam Son that feels so good, keep it up suck down harder!" Henry pleaded.

I grabbed his balls rolling them in my hand, giving them a squeeze, the man had a beautiful set of full balls, the sack covered in hair, I loved the hair so much. I found I could take more of his cock down my throat I wanted it all in me deep and to the hilt. 

"Oh Tommy you have to slow down son you're going to make me cum!" Henry said.

We got into a sixty nine position, Henry on the bottom I fucked the man's mouth with my rock hard cock, my balls aching to unload, each time I went down I took a little more of the mans magnificent cock down my throat, he tensed up his balls retracted, his cock swelled the foreskin started to pull back, he was on the edge, I would soon be rewarded with more of his delicious seed.

My own balls were ready to unload, my cock on the edge, Henry and I both came at the same moment, my cock blasted his mouth, Henry sucked down on my cock taking the entire payload, I was rewarded with Henry's glorious cum, the man sure could shoot a huge amount. 

I collapsed on top of Henry, I was done, I had cum dribbling from my mouth, his cock like a geyser more than I could possibly take. Henry helped me change positions so he could snuggle with me, I fell asleep my head on the mans hairy chest, his arms wrapped around me, I have never felt so safe and secure in my entire lifetime.