 Several days had passed since that rainy day, and each day we became more comfortable. Sex was never far from our minds. We had time at night upstairs when our parents went to bed, but then Friday night came around. Mom and Dad were getting ready for their night out, dinner, drinks and dancing with friends. We would have the house to ourselves all evening. They had told me about Friday night, Slut Night. One of them would be the slut for the other two all night. There were various ways of deciding who the slut would be, but tonight it was to be me. As our parents pulled out of the driveway, John turned to me and said, “Ready for a fun night, slut?”

When I smiled and nodded, he added, “Good. First thing is for you to get naked. You will stay naked till we come downstairs in the morning.”

As I pulled off my shirt and began to slip off my gym shorts he continued. “From now till then, you are our slut. You do anything we want, any way we want, as often as we want. Agreed?”

By the time he had finished, my clothes were off and I stood naked in front of all three, my cock was hard and I agreed to the rules for the night.

“Good,” John said as he opened the fly of his shorts and let his cock and balls out. He stroked his cock lightly and told me to get on my knees in front of him. I moved the few steps toward him and sank to my knees, my face level with his cock.

“I think you know what to do now, slut,” he smiled and let go of his cock letting it bob in front of me. I opened my mouth and leaned forward, my hand going to grip his cock.

“No hands, slut. Just your mouth this time, and when I cum swallow it all,” he told me. I put my hands back down and took the head of his cock into my mouth, pressing my lips behind the head as my tongue licked it, then slid my lips down his length, stopping every couple of inches to pull back up and then suck more of him into my mouth, my tongue underneath it, licking it until I had it all in my mouth, the head in my throat, my tongue flicking against his sack. I pulled up his shaft as he told me to suck him off. My head bobbed back and forth on his cock my lips keeping pressure against it. As I sucked his cock, I felt hands on my ass, spreading my cheeks and a finger probing my hole, a wet cool finger rubbing baby oil on it. It was not long before I felt John’s cock swell and pushed into my mouth, cum beginning to drip from it. I opened wide and swallowed it, as he groaned and shot streams of cum down my throat. When he was done, he held my head down on his cock for a minute, and I felt the finger leave my ass. John pulled his cock from my mouth and I turned my head to see Jim and Ron on their knees, a few feet apart. Ron was stroking his cock, and Jim was pouring baby oil on his. 

“Over here, slut. My turn.” Ron said. I moved away from John and moved over to Ron. With him on his knees I had to get on all fours to get to his cock. As I did and took his cock in my mouth, I felt Jim behind me, hands on my ass, his cock pushing against my hole, .finding its way in. As his head pushed in, I arched and opened my mouth wide. Ron pushed his cock into my mouth and held me on it as Jim went deeper into my ass. They settled into a rhythm, Ron holding my face and fucking my mouth, Jim holding my ass and fucking me there. I rocked back and forth between them, my cock hard and dripping cum.. I felt a hand on my cock, gripping the base tight. It was John, squeezing it so I could not cum. Soon, Jim pushed his cock into me deep and I felt his hot streams shoot into my ass, then Ron’s into my mouth. As they both spurted, John relaxed his grip on my cock and jerked it. 

“Now, slut” he whispered. I shot a long stream of cum into the towel he was holding as the twins finished off inside of me.

"End of round one, slut." John said.

After cleaning up, especially Jim and me, lots of hot soapy water for his cock, we moved outside to the front porch. Jim and Ron moved to the railing and leaned against it.

"On your knees, slut," I heard Ron say. I went to my knees in front of them, still naked.

"Suck it, slut. Use your mouth and tongue to get us hard again."

I began to suck Ron's cock, pulling him into my mouth, using my tongue on it and his balls. As I felt him begin to stiffen again, he pulled out and turned my head to Jim's cock. I took it in my mouth, as I had Ron's and got him hard also. John was behind me rubbing his cock against my ass, occasionally moving up to my face to put his cock in my mouth also. 

“On your feet for round two, slut” I stood up and felt my hips pulled back as my head was pushed down. I was bent over at the waist, my ass sticking out as John held my cheeks open and pressed his cock head against my asshole, and Ron held my head on his cock.

John’s thickness stretched me as he worked into me. Once he was inside he began to fuck me, telling me to take turns sucking the others’ cocks. I alternated between sucking Jim and Ron as John fucked me, pushing deep inside to push me forward on the twins’ cocks. All of them lasted longer this time, but John finally ended up filling my ass with cum, Jim my mouth, and Ron cumming on my face.

It took a while to get them ready for round three. I think I had a cock or balls in my mouth for over an hour before they were completely hard. This time, I was lying on the bed, my legs wide apart and Ron was working his cock into my ass, as Jim and John knelt on either side of my head, feeding me their cocks. Sometimes they had me suck their cocks, sometimes just lick them or their balls. I was lying on a towel so that we would not get cum on the bed. Ron had my legs up over his shoulders when he drove into me and gave me a stream of cum. John and Jim both pulled back and aimed theirs onto my face. I shot off on my belly and chest.

We cleaned up and went downstairs for drink, the three of them in boxers and tees, me still naked. After finishing our drinks, John told me to go to the porch and get on my knees. I went out and knelt, waiting for them. In a few minutes they were there, with their cocks sticking out through their boxers. 

"Now, suck us off, slut." I heard John say. "Get us hard and make us cum again."

For the next couple of hours, I took turns sucking each of their cocks, licking their balls, and using my hand to jack them and get them hard again. Finally each of them shot one more weak load onto my fave and into my opened mouth.

We were all in bed and asleep before Mom and Dad got home, dreaming or thinking about the Friday nights ahead.