 I woke up at about six thirty, we still had a half hour of sleep, but I felt so warm and secure in Henry's arms, he held me to his chest, his nipple inches from my mouth. My hand started to roam the man's body, his abs so well defined, his upper chest tight and muscular, his sides of his ribs very sensitive, very ticklish. Henry woke with my hands roaming his body, this time I did not focus on his huge penis I wanted to explore his entire body. 

I propped myself up so I could run my hand thru his beard, he was such a handsome man, Henry looked me in the eyes, I leaned in my lips to his, at first he did not kiss me back, my tongue licked his lips, tried to get thru his lips to roam his mouth. Henry finally kissed me back, he was a gentle kisser, nothing was forced, he was very gentle, he rolled on top of me his huge penis against mine, I spread my legs, I would want this man to take me one day soon. Henry hovered over my body, planting soft kisses all over my face, I looked him in the eyes, 

"We better get up son, your Mom will be home soon!" Henry said with concern in his face.

Henry headed to the washroom first, this was the first time I saw the man's ass, it was magnificent like the rest of him, two perfectly shaped globes, with a strip of hair to separate them, all of his muscles worked together as he walked off to the washroom. 

"Come on son better get in the bathroom you don't want to be late do you?" Henry motioned for me to get in.

I brushed my teeth standing beside the man I checked him out in the mirror, dam he was so hot. I got in the shower first, Henry right behind me, we soaped each other up, I wanted to suck the man's cock again so badly this morning but he insisted we only do this in the evenings. We got dressed in our own bedrooms and headed down the stairs to have coffee and breakfast before we headed out for our day, Mom walked in she looked exhausted, 

"How was your night Mom? Or should I even ask?" Tommy asked with concern for his Mom.

"Son it was long, glad the week is almost over!" Mom replied with a sense of relief in her eyes.

"Do you need a ride to school today Tommy?" Henry asked.

"No Frankie is picking me up actually, but thanks Dad!" Tommy commented.

I got in with Frankie...

"What is with you lately?" Frankie inquired.

"Whatever do you mean sir?" I replied with a cheesy grin on my face.

"You're so smiley these last few days what's going on Tommy?" Frankie asked with a grin.

"Told you before Frankie I don't kiss and tell!" Tommy could not contain his grin.

"I am just curious who you are kissing is all?" Frankie asked.

I only smiled back at him.

"Come on lets get going I have to print out an assignment before class!" Tommy commented.

Frankie and I chatted about school, what we would do after high school, he was my best friend, pretty sure he and I would be best friends forever. It was a long day, then football practice after school, Frankie had to get home so I would have to walk home tonight, I did not mind I liked the walk. I was walking along when Henry's truck pulled up, 

"Get in son!" Henry said.

"Is everything alright Dad?" Tommy asked nervously.

"Yeah I was in the area and suspected you would be walking home!" Henry replied with concern for the boy.

"Thanks Dad you're the best!" Tommy said with a huge grin on his face. 

"How was practice?" Henry asked.

"Good, my aim and throwing distance is getting better thanks to you!" Tommy replied.

"I can show you some more exercises that will build your arm even more so, after dinner!" Henry boasted.

"Want to try some of those exercises I mentioned this afternoon son?" Henry inquired.

"Sure Dad let me go put on some shorts and a tee!" Henry said as he excused himself and left the dinner table.

We had transformed the basement into a makeshift workout room, Henry had come up with some exercises that would improve my aim and strength for my throwing arm. We were working out when Mom came down, 

"I am off to work guys!" Mom said with regret.

"Mom you're suppose to be off tonight!" Tommy commented.

"Two people called in sick, so I am not off anymore!" Mom said feeling bad she could not spend the night with her two favorite men.

After Mom left Henry and I continued our workout, he suggested I get on the weight bench do some lifting, the man spotted me he had on some really loose shorts, and yes he was commando, his huge cock right there for me to see. I lifted one set, I could not take my eyes off of his huge cock, the very tip leaking its clear fluid that tasted so good. I scooted up the bench a little more, lifting my head so I could lap up the man's long string of precum that was about to drop on my forehead.

I took the tip of Henry's cock in my mouth sucking on it like it would give me life, dam I loved the taste of that man's cock. Henry bent his knees to allow me to take more of his huge cock in my wanting mouth, my own cock was tenting my see thru spandex shorts. 

Henry got in position we would sixty nine right there on the weight bench, he pulled my shorts off taking my cock in his mouth, dam the man knew what I liked, I would blow my load soon if he kept this up.

I was getting better I could take about three quarters of the man's cock now, I was quite proud of this accomplishment. I grabbed his butt cheeks for leverage to get more and more of the man's cock in my mouth. Henry grabbed my legs and pulled them up, he wanted a look at my hole, 

"Dam son you ever been fucked?" Henry inquired.

"No sir I was saving it for the right guy to take my hole!" Tommy said turning a shade of red.

Henry pulled my butt higher, the man put his tongue to my hole, I swear my cock would explode right then and there. He lathered my hole with his spit, trying to get his tongue in my oh so tight hole, he managed to get the tip of his tongue in, the feeling was incredible, Henry let go of my ass and took my cock in his mouth, the man wanted my cum and he wanted it now. He sucked down on my cock, I was sure he would suck my cock right off my body. 

Henry placed his index finger to my hole and pushed, his finger slowly sunk in my balls reacted to the intrusion, the stimulation was to much, my cock exploded, my body contorted, I had never cum like this ever before. I even let go of Henry's cock, the orgasm had such an effect on me, I laid there eyes closed, my breathing so labored. 

"Are you okay son?" Henry asked with concern.

"Yes Dad, that was amazing! I want you to fuck my ass, I need to know how it feels to have a big cock in my ass." Tommy begged his Dad.

"Son it's going to hurt a lot!" Henry told his son. 

"That's okay Dad I want you to be my first! Let me go get ready" Tommy told his father. 

"I will meet you in your room in a few minutes son!" Henry said in a lower tone of voice.

I was more than nervous, but at the same time I knew I wanted this, and I also knew he would never try to hurt me in any way, he was the perfect guy to be my first.