 Chapter 2: Going All the Way

Once Taylor and I had sucked each other to absolute intense orgasms, I knew that there was no turning back and that I would go all the way. That he would my teacher. Here I was wrapped in the arms of my first male lover when only a few hours earlier, I was 100% sure I was straight. I had as a matter of fact, no reason to question my sexuality. But Taylor had awakened a new sexual yearning for me and I knew that my life from this day on was going to be very different.

We lay in each other arms as he caressed my face with soft gentle strokes. I grabbed his head and kissed him hard, sucking and nibbling his bottom lip. I could hear him moan as I plunged my tongue in his mouth, seeking out traces of my cum that might still be hidden in the nooks and crannies. Our kiss grew more passionate before he broke and straddled me. Looking into my eyes and running his fingers through my hair he said, "Are you sure?"

All I could do is stare back into his penetrating blue eyes and nod my head, terrified to speak. He positioned himself between my legs and placed my already hard cock into his mouth. He licked me from base to head sending me whirling into ecstasy and closing in on another release fast. My heart raced and my blood boiled. Then I felt it. He licked my asshole and sucked my balls with extreme expertise. I held back trying not to cum just yet. His tongue worked its magic on my ass, I could feel it probing deep inside me as I moaned and writhed on the bed. All of a sudden his tongue was gone and I felt empty, but that problem was soon alleviated when he worked a finger into my hole. At first there was a bit a pain, but it quickly subsided and was replace by pleasure. A few minutes later, I felt him enter another finger and then three. I was in heaven, his fingers piston in and out of my shithole until I could bear it no longer. "Do it now I screamed."

He placed my legs on his shoulders and lined his beautiful cock with my asshole. I took a deep breath and he lunged forward, impaling me fully on his cock. I opened my mouth to scream because the pain was so bad, but he leaned over and kissed me, whispering into my ear to relax. He remained still until my breathing resembled something normal and then he began to pound away at me. Slowly at first, but soon he picked up speed and increased his strokes. In no time, I was in rapture. I found myself pushing back at him on his downward stokes. He filled me completely; I clenched my ass muscles and stroked his cock while embedded inside me.

His body glistened, and I stuck out my tongue to swipe a drop of sweat from his nipple. He growled and pounded me harder. I could feel myself approaching bliss and in the distance could hear a voice saying, "Oh Taylor, yes Taylor, fuck me. Fill me with your glorious seed."

My eyes glassed over and soon the room ruptured into a stratosphere of colors, blues, reds, greens, purples, and yellows. My world turned upside down and inside out as my heartbeat hard and fast in my chest. My breathing became difficult and thought I would pass out from the pleasure that ripped through me. 

As the room slowly retuned to its normal state, and I noticed that I came all over myself. My hair, chest, and face was covered in my own white, sticky cum. Taylor was still working over my ass as I flicked out my tongue to taste myself. The sight of this must have sent Taylor over the edge, because he grabbed my hips and thrust hard three times before yelling out my name "Oh God Joshua."

I could feel him cum deep into my bowels, spurt after spurt, and found myself shooting out another load all over the two of us. Taylor fell on me and kissed my neck and head, his breathing as erratic as mine. His cock remained buried in ass and I never wanted it to leave. I was full and complete. I felt him shudder and reached for the covers with me feet, grabbing the ends and pulling them over us. I noticed his cock becoming soft and he slowly pulled it out me, leaving me feeling utterly empty inside. He rolled off me and held me close, his arms wrapped around me in a tight hug. 

"Josh, I have never cum so hard in my life. I think I'm falling in love with you." He whispered in my ear. 

I turned my head to look into his eyes, but they were closed and he was fast asleep. I lay there in absolute contentment, realizing why I took that walk that put me into Taylor's arms. I knew that before I met him, I was missing a part of myself, and feeling empty. I went for that walk in hopes of finding something to fill that void and I found Taylor. I kissed him on the forehead and turned my body so that we were spooning. 

I lay there and thought about how my friends and family would react when I told them I was gay. I wondered if my family would disown me or if my friends would turn their backs on me. But then I thought about Taylor and the incredible night we just had. I knew that with him by my side, I could get through anything. My last thought before falling asleep was, I am in the arms of the man I love and I am complete.