 WARNING: This fictional (that means "made up") story contains explicit descriptions of sex between a young man and his uncle and is based on nothing but pure imagination. It includes descriptions of unsafe sexual practices which the author does NOT condone for real-life sexual encounters. The author realizes this story will not appeal to all readers. If the themes explored in this work of fiction are not your taste, then do us all a favor and DON'T READ IT! If you choose to ignore this warning, and read it anyway, don't complain to the author that you read something you found distasteful. Thank you.

It all started this past summer when I was visiting my aunt and uncles for the summer. I thought it would be no different from any other visit, but man was I wrong! Not that I'm complaining mind you as it sure did open a new chapter in my life. I guess I should back up a minute and tell you more about me first.

My name is Jake and I'm 18, well almost 19, and just over 6' with brown hair and green eyes. I've been told I'm good looking for whatever that's worth. I live with my parents in a big city on the coast. I consider myself a pretty normal kid. I like to hang out with friends, play sports and keep in shape. I got pretty good grades in high school and stayed out of any major trouble for the most part. Yeah, I went to a few parties with beer and weed, but nothing that ever got really out of hand. I've had a pretty study girlfriend for most of high school and we started going all the way a couple years ago.

My Aunt Jane and Uncle Bill have some property in the county a few states over. They've always been really nice to me. One thing they've always done for many years is invited me out for a couple weeks over summer break. I always enjoyed the opportunity to get away from the city and spend some time in the country. Before anyone gets any ideas though, those visits were always perfectly innocent and nothing ever happened.

Last summer was a big deal, since I'd recently turned 18 and graduated from high school. My aunt and uncle had invited me out for an extended stay as a special graduation treat. I was really excited, but expecting nothing more than some extended time in the country to unwind from school and graduation – a nice break before I started college in the fall.

The first few days passed uneventfully. Then one night, I was sound asleep, but a noise woke me up. As I sat up in bed, I couldn't figure out what it was at first. As I listened, it suddenly dawned on me that it was the sound of a woman moaning and the distinctive sounds of bodies slapping together. I'd never thought of my aunt and uncle in any kind of sexual manner, although I have to admit both are nice looking. My aunt is probably around 5'5" or so and maybe 120 pounds with long brown hair and blue eyes. Her breasts seemed pretty large from what little I ever saw of them. My uncle is around my height, and like me, enjoys lifting weights and staying in shape – chiseled good looks I think they like to say.

The more I listened, the more the sexual thoughts formed in my head. I could just picture my aunt lying naked on their bed as my uncle fucked her hard. As I listened to her moans and my uncles occasional grunts, I could just picture her big tits bouncing as he rammed his hard dick into her hot, wet pussy. I'd never given even a passing thought to my uncle's dick, but now for some reason the most vivid picture of his cock was forming in my mind. I pictured him as long, but not too thick. I couldn't help but wonder how his dick felt to my aunt inside her cunt.

By now, I noticed my own dick was rock hard. I threw the bed covers back and pulled off my boxers, freeing my hard dick. As I listened to my aunt and uncle's moans becoming more intense, I began to stroke my cock. I was so hot, I was surprised I didn't cum the moment I put my hand on my dick. Suddenly, I heard my aunt's moans become louder and deeper and I knew she was cumming. Then I heard my uncle moan loudly and could just imagine him exploding inside my aunt's pussy. I pictured his hard cock up inside her, pulsating as his sperm pumped inside her. I'd almost forgotten about my own cock that I was pumping in my hand until I started cumming. I swear to God, I came so hard, the first couple shot hit my chin! It felt like I came a gallon. By the time I was done, my chest and stomach were covered with my cum. I grabbed an old t-shirt and wiped myself off as best I could. I listened for more, but didn't hear anything else and finally drifted off to sleep.

The next morning was a little uncomfortable for me, seeing my aunt in her bathrobe as she fixed breakfast. I couldn't help but imagine the fucking she'd had the night before. When my uncle came down, I couldn't help but picture his, at least in my imagination, big dick. It felt weird as I'd never thought about a guy's dick before. However, they acted perfectly normal and I'm sure they had no idea I'd jacked off listening to them fuck. Never the less, I jacked off again in the shower after breakfast thinking about them fucking.

Nothing more happened that day or that night. At breakfast the next day, my aunt announced that she had to go out of town for the night. I'm sure you'll think it's silly, but the first thought that went through my mind was there goes any chance of listening to them fuck tonight! Anyway, she headed out later on in the morning and I spent a pretty much normal day lounging around their property and relaxing.

That night, I sat watching TV with Uncle Bill, enjoying a beer. We chatted about nothing in particular for awhile and then Uncle Bill slowly led the conversation around to girls. He asked the typical question everyone seems to enjoy asking when you're a teenager: "Do you have a girlfriend?" When I told him I did, he started asking questions about her, very innocent at first, but becoming more directed. He started asking me about her looks and began getting very detailed, even asking about the size of her breasts. I was a little taken aback when he said, "So, Jake, have you fucked her?"

I was a little shocked to hear that coming from Uncle Bill, but from describing her in detail to him, I had her pictured in my head and was a little turned on. Maybe it was the beer or maybe just teen bravado, but I answered him, "Yes, Uncle Bill, I've fucked her many times!"

"How is she?" he inquired.

"What do you mean, Uncle Bill?"

"You know what I mean, Jake. How is she to fuck? I bet her pussy is really tight."

I could feel my face flushed red from hearing my uncle talk like this, but I have to admit, I was enjoying it at the same time.

"Yes, Uncle Bill, her pussy is really tight."

"What do you like to do with her, Jake?"

I noticed Uncle Bill's voice was becoming slightly labored and glancing down, I saw his hand slowly circling the bulge in his shorts. I felt a twinge down below and realized I was hard myself. Images of my naked girlfriend moaning as I fucked her, the sounds of Aunt Jane and Uncle Bill fucking, and thoughts of Uncle Bill's big cock filled my mind. I was getting really turned on.

"Tell me how you fuck her." he continued. "Do you eat her pussy? Does she suck your cock?"

I heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper and glancing over noticed that Uncle Bill had taken his hard cock out of his shorts. I became fixated on his cock. He was big like I imagined, maybe 8", and just a little thicker than I'd pictured the other night.

"Oh, fuck..." I mumbled.

"What was that, Jake?"

"Uhm, yeah, I eat her pussy." My own cock was straining against my shorts. "She loves it, Uncle Billy. She loves her pussy licked. She sucks my cock too. She loves to be fucked on her back, like Aunt Jane..." I don't know why I added the last part, but I guess I wanted to see the reaction.

Uncle Bill had been slowly stroking his cock as I spoke. As I mentioned Aunt Jake, he stopped and looked at me with a slight smile.

"What was that, Jake?"

"Sorry, Uncle Bill, I heard you and Aunt Jane fucking the other night..."

"Oh really, Jake?" he said as he resumed stroking his hard cock. "And what did you think of that?"

I couldn't take it any longer. I unzipped my shorts and took out my own rock hard cock. I couldn't help but noticing that while I was just slightly less thick than Uncle Bill, my dick was just a little longer.

"Oh, God, it turned me on, Uncle Bill!" I said, now stroking my own cock. "I could hear Aunt Jane moaning and pictured you fucking her really good!"

Uncle Bill was stroking his cock hard now and I could see the gleam of pre-cum on his dick.

"You liked hearing me fuck your aunt's hot pussy? Listening to her moan as I plowed her hot cunt? What did you do?"

"I jerked off listening to you fuck. I thought about Aunt Jane's naked body and I thought about..." I trailed off as I remembered my thoughts of Uncle Bill's hard dick.

"You thought of what, Jake?" said Uncle Bill in a demanding, yet soothing voice.

"I thought about your hard cock inside Aunt Jane, Uncle Bill!" I blurted out. "I'm not gay or anything, Uncle Bill, but I kept thinking of your hard dick and how big it must be and how it must feel to Aunt Jane in her hot cunt!"

"There's nothing wrong with that, Jake." Uncle Bill said, standing up and removing his shorts and t-shirt. He walked over and stood in front of me.

"Nothing wrong with that at all, my boy." he repeated as he kneeled in front of me. He deftly pulled off my shorts down my legs and my t-shirt over my head.

I felt his hand take hold of my cock and squeeze before starting to stroke me. I tossed my head back and closed my eyes. I could feel his hand roaming my chest. I suddenly felt his mouth on my nipples, licking, sucking. My head came forward and he put his hand behind it and pulled me towards him, my lips onto his. Oh my God! I though, I'm kissing a guy! But, God, it felt good. I felt his tongue against my lips and I responded, opening my mouth. Our tongues intertwined as we kissed deeply. It was weird and wild and my dick hurt, I was throbbing and so hard!

Uncle Bill grabbed my ass and pulled me toward the edge of the sofa. I could feel his hard dick against mine. I wasn't sure how I kept from cumming right then.

"So, you wonder what it feels like for Aunt Jane to have my cock inside her?"

I screamed as I felt his finger penetrate my virgin ass. The pain quickly subsided as he began fucking my ass with his finger. I spread my legs wide for him.

"I'm going to fuck you, Jake, just like I fuck your hot aunt. I bet your asshole is as tight as your teenybopper girlfriend's pussy!"

I felt his body weight on top of me. I heard a noise and then realized his was rubbing lube on my ass and his cock. Then I felt the head of his dick at my ass, pressing in. Oh, fuck! The Pain! It felt like I was being ripped apart. Tears ran down my eyes, but Uncle Bill kept pushing in. I could feel his dick up inside me. Oh, God, was it ever a wild feeling! Soon the feeling of pain was replaced with absolute pleasure. I began to want that dick in me – all of it! I felt his balls up against me and knew he was completely inside me. I had a man's dick all the way up my ass and I didn't fucking care! Now, I just wanted to be fucked – fucked like he'd done to my aunt the night before.

Uncle Bill grabbed my ass and began to thrust into me, slowly at first and then faster. I wanted it. I wanted it like I've never wanted anything! I wanted to be his little bitch and let him screw me any way he wanted!

"Fuck me, Uncle Bill!" I screamed. "Fuck me like you fuck Aunt Jane! Give it to me hard like you did to her!"

"You nasty fucking boy!" Uncle Bill sneered and he pounded my ass.

His balls were slapping against me as he banged me hard. Oh fuck, it felt so good! We were both grunting and moaning loudly.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum!" Uncle Bill announced.

With that, he rammed his cock deep inside me, moaning loudly. I felt his dick throbbing and a warmness inside me and knew he was shooting his cum in my ass. He stayed there for a few minutes and I felt his cock begin to soften and then slip out of me. Then he kneeled in front of me and took my dick in his mouth.

Oh my, God! I've never had such a good blowjob! I was really sure this wasn't the first time Uncle Bill has sucked cock. I was so turned on from the good fucking I'd just received, it didn't take long for me to climax. My hips bucked as I began to shoot my cum in his mouth. I could feel spurt after spurt escaping from my cock. Uncle Bill was swallowing it all. I could see a few drops appear at the sides of his mouth. He sucked all the cum from my cock and kept gently sucking me as I began to soften. Then he raised up and kissed me again. I could taste my cum in his mouth.

Helping me up, he said, "Come on, Jake, let's go upstairs and pass the time until your aunt returns tomorrow and I can tell her."

"Tell her what?" I asked.

"Tell her about all this. I'm sure she'll enjoy it and I'm sure she'll want to see this for herself" said Uncle Bill, grabbing my hardening cock as we headed up to their bedroom.