 As my last episode ended Holly had just asked me if she could watch me suck and fuck Gregg, after a night of sex. The next morning when I woke up, Holly was just leaving for work. She gave me a quick kiss and was off to work. I got up and took a shower and thought about Holly watching while Gregg used me to service him, I got hard just thinking about it, and jacked off in the shower. At work I could barely wait till Gregg showed up on his daily run. I was disappointed though when he showed up and did not even try anything. He was in and out quicker than normal, I figured he had a bust day and didn't have the time for play. The rest of the day went slow and seemed longer than usual. Holly and called me telling me that we were supposed to go out to the club to see another band that night with Sarah and Steve our friends. I shut down the shop early to go in and start getting ready to go out.

Sarah is one of Holly's oldest friends, she is very petite and short she is about 5'4" but has some very pert tits I guess about a 34B and a firm little bubble ass. She has very short red hair and green eyes. She is always flirting with me, but Holly says that's just her its innocent flirting nothing more. Steve her boy friend is a little shorter than me but is very slim, almost to skinny to be as tall as he is. He is very shy and quiet, but seems like a nice guy. I had finished getting ready and was watching some TV when Holly arrived home. She came and sat by me putting her feet in my lap as I massaged them, she told me about her day. I told her that my day was completely uneventful as well. Holly went to get ready as my phone rang. I looked and didn't recognize the number. I went ahead and answered it and discovered it was Gregg. 

After the normal dialogue "So did my sweet little bitch miss my cock today?" Gregg asked.

"Yes I did."

"Where did you miss it boy?" He shot back.

"I missed it on my mouth."

"Is that the only place you miss it boy?" He replied.

"No," I told him staring at his crotch.

"Tell me where you missed it then bitch," Gregg said.

"In my ass, I missed it in my ass." I told him.

"Does my little bitch need to be fucked?" he asked.

"Yes I need your cock Gregg."

"Good boy, I will make some extra time for you tomorrow, why dont you clear your afternoon." Gregg told me.

"It will be all yours," I told him.

"You will be my last stop, so I can take the extra time to let you inspect your delivery's," Gregg told me.

I got up to fix Holly and I some drinks and waited on her return. Once back I told her that she could watch Gregg and I tomorrow, if she wanted to. She just smiled at me, as she took a drink. She grabed my crotch as she went to the mirror to check her hair. I walked up behind her pushing my crotch into her ass, as I sipped on my drink.

"So baby do you want to see me suck the guy or do you want to see him fuck me?" I asked her

Backing her ass into my crotch "Can't I see both?" Holly asked.

Letting my hand cup her right breast, as I ground my pants covered cock in to her ass. "You can see as much as you want to" I told her.

Holly turned around and gave me a very passionate kiss, as our arms wrapped around each other. We kissed for a few moments, but soon broke apart as we had to leave if we wanted to get to the club on time. We was a little late to the club and found Sarah and Steve had already got us a table near the stage. We had a semi-good dinner, but what do you expect from a live music club. After we ate I excused myself to go to the bathroom. As I walked tot he bathroom I passed the bouncer who just look at me and smiled. The bouncer was a huge black man he had to be at least 6'9" his muscles had muscles. As I turned to go in the bathroom he stopped and watched me go in. I went tot he urinal and was doing my business, when the door swung open and I saw it was the bouncer. He walked past me as he looked in the stalls and then went back to the door and shut it firmly. When I turned around he was standing against the sink counter lewdly rubbing the crotch of his jeans.

"You know we don't get your kind in here to often punk," the bouncer said.

"I have no clue what you mean dude," I told him.

"Sure you do, it was you sucking that cock this weekend, and my name is Chris not dude." The bouncer told me.

"Look Chris I am sorry, we can leave I dont want any trouble," I told him.

"Naw man no trouble, I just want to use that mouth of your." Chris told me, while he rubbed his crotch.

I just stood there as he unbuttoned his jeans and pushed them down to his knees as he pulled out an enormous cock. It was soft and had to be 11" long and a good 4" thick. I just stared as he stroked it up and down, barely believing what was going on.

"Get over here and suck my cock dude." Chris said.

I walked over to where he was almost mesmerized by it. I dropped to my knees cupping his huge balls in my hand as I licked his ebony shaft. He leaned back against the sink as I ran my tongue up and down his cock. He pulled my head back hard.

"Put it your mouth boy suck it," Chris said.

I opened my mouth as he pushed it in my mouth. He was forcing more and more of it in. I started gagging as it went into my throat, but here was no mercy in this man. He kept pushing it in my throat. I felt his cock hardening in my mouth as he was using my mouth like I was his bitch. He pulled his cock form my throat and I was finally able to catch my breath. I dropped my head licked his balls sucking one of them into my mouth. His cock and balls were very musky and smelled badly but I continued on. I licked up and down his shaft, god his cock was huge it had to be every bit of 14 inches long and 6" thick. I put the head back in my mouth and began to go back down on his cock. I felt it touch the back of my throat and tried to hold it there for a second, but again Chris was having none of this. He grabbed the back of my head and began shoving it and out my mouth just like he was fucking some hooker. Chris had more than 3/4 of his cock buried in my throat when I heard the door open and an audible gasp.

"Get the fuck out of here dude, or your next." Chris barked at the customer.

He then resumed fucking my mouth, with more of a vengeance than before. I could feel his cock going even deeper in my throat than before. I soon felt his heavy balls rubbing against my chin. I couldn't believe that I had all of his monster in my mouth and throat, In a sick way I was proud of myself. Chris began pulling his cock out of my mouth slowly as I took in a much needed good breath of fresh air. He pulled out till just the head of his cock was on the tip of my tongue. I swirled my tongue on the head of his now hard cock hoping I could satisfy him with him shoving the monster back in my throat. He started moaning and I hoped he was close to cumming. I really began sucking on him and jacking him off as I did. He pushed me off him as he began shooting his load all over my face. He shot rope after rope of cum on my face. Chris finished cumming and as he was putting his cock back in his pants. I was so lost in the moment I didn't notice Sarah standing in the open doorway. Chris just walked past her as she walked in. 

"Sarah I can explain," I began as she walked up to me taking a finger and wiped up a streak of cum smeared across my face.

Licking her finger clean "Don't worry, I just came to tell you Holly had to go to her brothers. We are giving you a ride home." Sarah said.

She then ran her tongue all over my face licking it clean of cum. "I prefer white boy cum, dont you?" Sarah asked.

"What are you," I began saying.

"Holly told me all about your weekend," Sarah said.

I was a little surprised that Holly had told her but didn't really care at this point. The two of us went back to the table and found Steve waiting with a round of drinks waiting. As the night progressed Steve got very drunk, and we had to leave early. We put Steve in the back seat and he passed smooth out. 

"I really would love to see you suck Steve's cock," Sarah said.

"Sarah I can't without Holly knowing about it," I told her. 

Sarah got on the phone and called Holly. I could tell from her end of the conversation that this was going to be an interesting night. Once we arrived at the house and got Steve inside, Sarah started stripping him down leaving him naked on the couch she walked over to me, and began unbuttoning my shirt.

"So do you want to suck his cock for me?" she asked while rubbing her body against mine.

I let my hands rub up and down her sides rolling across her small tits as she continued taking off my shirt. "I am not sure Sarah," I told her.

"I will let you fuck me if you do, Holly doesn't mind." Sarah said.

Now Sarah has one of them body's that scream sex and I have always found her hot so my instinct was taking over my thoughts. I grabbed the back of her neck and leaned down to give her a kiss. "I will suck him off," I told her, as she began undoing my jeans. Looking over at Steve I looked at his cock, it was soft an limp but yet I actually felt my mouth start to water. Sarah had me naked now and was stroking my cock.

"Its going to be so hot watching you suck his hard cock, Maybe we can get him to suck you too. Would you like that?" Sarah said.

"Yes I would, But I want to taste you too, you naughty little bitch." I told her. Sarah started taking off her clothes, revealing her hot little body to me. She nipples was very pale and small and pierced as was her clit and outer lips. She wiggled her ass at me as she went over to the couch and straddled Steve's body. He seemed to come around almost instantly as his hands cupped her ass as she began kissing him. Sarah was rubbing her pussy against Steve's lap as his hands spread her ass cheeks exposing her slit and puckered little asshole to me. Sarah got off Steve's lap and pulled him to the floor she sat on his face facing me as he began eating her out. She reached down and played with his cock stroking it as he stuck his tongue deep in her pussy.

"Get over here and suck him now," Sarah said.

I got on the floor between Steve's legs and was able to easily engulf his cock down to the balls. I was kneading his balls with my hands as I bobbed my head up and down his cock. Sarah was moaning and writhing on Steve's face as he continued eating her out. Steve began bucking his hips up into my face as I was sucking him for all he was worth. His cock had a nice fresh taste to it compared to what Chris' cock tasted like. I backed off and began licking his balls as Sarah leaned down and took Steve's cock in her mouth. Our tongues began dancing across his shaft as we both licked it up and down. Our tongues ran up and down his cock until we started kissing, Sarah's kiss was forceful as passionate. She broke our kiss shoving my head back down on her lovers cock as her orgasm washed over her. I sucked on the head of Steve's cock bobbing my head up and down on it quickly as I rubbed his balls with my hand. Sarah got up and sat on the couch watching as I sucked her boyfriends cock. He must have finally realized that it wasn't Sarah sucking him and opened his eyes to realize it was me. He sat up shoving me back as he looked at Sarah and me both in disbelief.

Sarah looked at him and saying, "Let him finish you off, you know you was enjoying his mouth on your cock."

He stared at me in shock as I grabbed his cock in my hand and began stroking it. He was trying to pull away from me, but didn't seem to be trying to hard. I lowered my head and took his cock back in my mouth taking him all the way down to his balls and licking them with the tip of my tongue. He was bucking his hips up into my mouth almost involuntarily. His hands soon found the sides of my head as he seemed to really begin enjoying the blow job I was giving him. I looked up to see Sarah with her hand rubbing her clit fast as she watched me blow her lover. I could feel the cum building up in Steve's balls as letting his cock slide in and out of my mouth. He soon was erupting in my mouth holding my head as he emptied his load into my open mouth. His cum was dribbling out of my mouth as Sarah licked up the excess and began kissing me. Steve got up and ran out the door grabbing his clothes as he went. Sarah finished our kiss before she went after him. As I was getting up I went into the kitchen and found Holly sitting there naked looking as if she had just finished cumming hard herself.

"That was so hot baby, I can't wait to see you in some real action tomorrow." Holly told me.

I pulled her to me telling her how much I loved her and that I couldn't wait either.

This is the sixth installment of the series, I really appreciate the feedback, so please keep it coming. Let me know what you think, or what you might like to see happen. I am open to any and all criticism and compliments.