 I wrote from a story that was told to me. I asked him about his first time and he gave me vivid details about what happened. I did not send it to an editor as I have given up on Literotica editors. So please skip this story if you need a perfectly edited story.

*****

I have always kept myself in shape and prided myself on my appearance. I am not as physically muscular as the other guys on the football team but I was able to my first string wide receiver. I still consider myself lanky but Derrick always told me I was too worried about my image.

Derrick on the other hand stood about six inches taller than me and was about six four. He had a muscular build but not as big as the other guys on the team. Since Derrick and I hung out the most it was him that I confided in about my lack of dates or my small appearance. 

Derrick and I were both eighteen year old seniors and without current girlfriends. I knew he was extremely shy around girls, and my luck was not any better. Although I moved and had a few girlfriends in the past they were merely friends that called to talk and act like girl friends. Since the move a year ago I did not even have a conversation with a girl on any meaningful way. 

Some of the team would brag about their conquests while Derrick and I hid in the back making sure were not seen as our list of accomplishments were lacking. After practice or a game, we would discuss how to solve this problem, or girls we thought were interested in us.

My car needed brakes and I asked Derrick if he could take me to the store and then go hangout by the lake to see if anyone was there we could hang out with. The few times in class we heard about girls just hanging out there.

Derrick pulled up and I jumped in the car. "Hey. " I saw his face of desperation as he pulled away.

"Whats up?"

Derrick turned to me and I heard in his voice that he was upset. "I may miss next week's game. Parents want to take a trip with me to see my Grandparents. I told them the season is almost over, but they insist. Oh, can I hit you up for twenty? I need gas and I don't get paid till next week."

Loaning Derrick wasn't a problem since he always paid back and I still owed him for loaning me a hundred at the start of the year for equipment. "Sure. Just tell coach that it is out of your control missing the game."

My car was always needing work, and I was forever broke repairing it. Derrick was always there to drive me around and help pass me a wrench when needed. The least I could do was cheer him up. "Hey lets go to the lake and see if we can find some girls."

I knew he was always up for scouting for girls and I figured it would get his mind off of missing the game. When he agreed it was great, because the conversation was now focused on what girls were available and what girls were really hot.

We parked by the lake and decided to get out and just chill on the front of his car. When I saw that he was feeling better I decided to talk about who he might want to date, and who he would like to fuck. "Have you talk to Kelly since last game? I heard she was single and that Mike broke up with her."

"Mike is a dick and Kelly is an idiot for even dating him. Do you know who I want...I want to date robin from Science class. She has tits that are amazing and an ass to die for."

"She is probably a prude though. She dresses like a nun, and I bet she would run even you asked her to suck your dick."

"Well...any girl would run if they saw my cock." Derrick joked as he turned to me as if he wanted to see my reaction.

"Its that small and deformed, of course they would run." I laughed back knowing that I had a good comeback. I have seen a few guys take a shower after a game, but Derrick was always shy about showering with other guys and he always out of the locker room right after a game.

"You wish." Derrick joked and smiled as he said it.

"So like three or four inches big. Making a mean wiener there?" I wanted to push the issue with him. I felt no guy should brag to another guy how big they were, and the guys that did were usually small. 

"You want to see how big it is?"

"Not really, and I don't have a microscope."

"Going to whip it out and cock smack you in a minute." Derrick laughed as I felt he knew I was joking with him and not being mean.

"Go ahead and smack me with that Vienna Sausage of yours." I joked back almost unable to stop laughing.

Derrick gave me a cold look but not because of the joke. "Hey lets bounce. There is nobody here and its getting cold."

I knew he was right and figured that we could just hangout and play games. "Rematch of Madden?"

"Your on."

On the drive I felt Derrick was feeling better about missing the game. I knew he took it seriously and could not understand why. We were an decent team, but I had no delusions of getting any scholarship offer, and I was better than Derrick. 

We both flopped down on my bed and grabbed the controllers. I laid across my bed hanging over the edge facing the T.V. Derrick sat at the edge next to me eager to try and beat me. I knew we had at least a few hours before my mom got home and wanted me to clean something. I was always better at Madden than he was and loved to beat him when we played.

I would like to say my finger slipped but Derrick managed to score a touch down and tie the game. He looked down at me as I grunted my disapproval. "You like that don't you? Shoving it down your throat like that."

I turned slightly to see his face. "Not going to get nothing shoved down my throat with that little dick of yours."

Derrick looked back at me and laughed. "You want me to prove it? I swear you will never make a little dick joke again though. I don't want to hear you cry about you not being bigger than me though."

"Yea sure." I said without thinking about it. Its not that I wanted to see his dick though, but more of blowing him off so we could get back to the game.

I looked at the screen to setup for the next play when I could see that Derrick still did not choose his next play. I looked over at him and saw that he pulled his jeans down to his thighs. His boxers were slipped down only a few inches but his cock was out. 

Derrick did not have small dick by any means. It was long and thick like some sort of oversized dildo. The mushroomed head was clearly visible as it was less than a foot from my face. His shaft must have been seven inches or more and he was not even hard. His hand moved his prick slightly making his manhood flop in my direction. 

"OH, my fucking God. What the fuck." I cried out as I saw Derrick's monster cock right in front of me. 

"Told you it was big." Derrick commented as I saw his cock twitch just slightly.

"Jesus fuck its big." I replied not being able to take my eyes off of it.

I stared at my own dick countless times and jerked off regularly. I could jerk off twice and even three times a day when I was really horny. The sight of his large penis did not scare me though; but I was fascinated by it. I was a good six inches and was okay with that. I just was so amazed about how big he was and how close I was to it. 

Derrick did not put his large member away either, and I just laid there wondering why I was so in awe of it. I knew if I said for him to put it away he would, but I was just laying there staring at his huge cock.

"How big does it get when you get hard?" I asked still wondering how big he really was. I was afraid he might think I was gay or something and call me out on it. The fear and excitement was making my heart pump fast. I wanted to see how big his cock got, but also did not want him to think I was gay or anything.

"You have any porn? I can show you." He commented still moving it wit his hand.

I grabbed the controller and switched off of the game to a website. I was not thinking of any specific porn scene so I selected the first one that came on. All I saw was a hot blonde girl sucking some guy's dick when I pressed play. I turned my body saw I got a good look at Derrick as he slowly stretched and stroked himself to an erection.

"Fuck its huge." I commented as I saw head of Derrick's cock pulse with excitement as the shaft hardened like a steel rod. 

"And you thought I was small." He joked back making sure to remind me that I was teasing him before.

I was expecting Derrick to just let go of his dick and put it back away. He was not stroking fast but he was still gliding his hand up and down the shaft. I wanted to say something about him stopping, but the sight of him stroking his large organ got me excited. I had no idea was it was turning me on, but it was. I jerked off to straight porn all the time, but for some reason the sight of such a large thick cock gave me an erection.

Derrick moaned slightly and I felt my own cock pulse and beg for freedom. I tried to ease the pain by adjusting my jeans so it did not press against the zipper.

Derrick saw this and looked at my crotch. "You can pull it out. We can finish together if you want."

My heart was pounding so fast it almost felt like it burst out of my chest. I was about to pull out my erection in front of my friend and jerk off with him. The worst thought was the fact it was his massive cock that I was getting aroused by. I thought about what it looked like but I felt it was just the right thing to do seeing as his dick was already out.

I reached for my zipper but Derrick was there before I was. "Here let me help you. I want to see it."

I didn't know if I should stop him or encourage him. My mind was racing like my heart was pounding, but it was too late. My dick was out and Derricks hand was stroking my softly. He looked at me as his body leaned back to reach my dick. "Its really nice and hard."

When I looked at him I noticed that his big manhood was even closer to me because he was leaning back to stroke me. I looked at him and then at the slit on the head of his member. I wanted to say stop but the act of what we were doing was too good to stop. The overwhelming feelings that we were doing such a taboo made the whole act that much better.

Derricks hands were caressing and stroking my softly and I just loved ever stroke he gave me. My eyes were staring at his bulbous head as it moved with his body as he stroked me. The long but slow strokes were making his cock such an inviting thing to play with. I took the plunge and reached out to touch it.

Derrick's girth was something unreal. It was both hard and soft at the same time. It was so thick it just fit in my hand too. I stroked it softly to the same speed Derrick was stroking me. The sight of how it pulsed with my touch drew me closer so that I was now only a few inches away from it. 

When I felt a warm wet feeling on my dick, it sent shivers of taboo pleasures all throughout my body. Derrick's lips were on my erection and I let him do it without any protest. The sudden simple act of seeing his cock now turned into my first gay experience. His lips were tight and yet sensual as I continued to stroke his cock.

I wanted to suck him and thought about it for a minute as Derrick went up and down on my letting me feel both his tongue and strong lips. I was getting my first blowjob from my friend as his monster cock was aimed right at my face aching to be sucked too. 

My mind was still grappling about sucking derrick's big prick or telling him I was not gay and kicking him out of my house. I did not know what to do and yet it felt so amazing the way his tongue pushed against the underside of my shaft as he made his way up to the head. I did not know whether Derrick was a professional cocksucker or I was just so in need of another person doing it.

I could feel the pressure of my cum building and continued to stroke Derrick wondering if it was all going to stop. I could feel his large erection pulsate as I stroked it and my own cock twitched from the excitement I was giving him. I continued thinking I should suck him but felt guilty about stroking another dick other than my own. Not only was I stroking Derrick's horse cock, but I was secretly loving it. I was torn inside and Derrick's mouth was making me edge closer to an orgasm too.

I was so close I could not help but groan. It was the worst possible moment that I was about to blow my load too, as I heard the front door close. My mother was coming home and I felt the urge to explode in Derrick's mouth. I tried to pull away but I just let go and released a large amount of my salty cream right on his tongue. I stop stroking and was grunting as Derrick continued to milk my of my orgasm out with his tongue.

"My mom...oh fuck..oh God." I cried out in a pleasurable moan of ecstasy.

Derrick moved back into a sitting position as I zipped up my zipper. "Shit. You came all down my throat and all over my tongue."

"I am sorry, it just came out." I apologized not knowing if I went too far with him and destroyed our friendship.

"No worries. I got turned on by the whole thing. You mom is probably going to be knocking on your door. Let me get cleaned up. I need to head back."

I was thinking about how Derrick did not get off, and I did. I was still feeling the blissful sensation of coming too. The utter relaxing tingles still coursed all over my body from just ejaculating.

"Let me hit you up tomorrow at school." Derrick said as we was already out the door. I heard him greet my mom as she was in the kitchen before the front door closed.

I waited to see if Derrick would text me about the act we just did, but my phone fell silent the entire night. I spent most of the night thinking about how Derrick probably regretted what we just did. How he was probably disgusted that I busted my nut in his mouth like some gay guy who just wanted head.

I must have passed out at midnight and woke up still anxious about how to deal with my best friend. My dick was like a steel rod and I could not think about masturbating with the guilt I still had. I could also feel the shame in knowing that if Derrick said something the whole school would know I performed a gay act.

Derrick finally texted me when I was in first period and he seemed like nothing was wrong. I saw him during lunch and it was like nothing happened. I wanted to talk about the whole thing but he was still focused on the game and how to tell the coach about not being able to play.

I was eating slow wondering if Derrick was going to mention what happened when he turned to me like he always did. "You know I was going to win at Madden yesterday. I want to confirm that with you."

I could not believe he was bringing up the game but not the fact I blew my load in his mouth. I stared at him and knew I had to diffuse the situation because it might come up with people around. "Might have. I still think I would have won though."

"Rematch today?" Derrick offered as I wondered if he was really able to push the whole thing to the side.

"Yea, why not." I said thinking the whole thing was over with and it was a one time thing.

The rest of the day was a blur, but it was in Spanish class that I had a moment of erotic thoughts. I had a random erection and instantly thought about Derrick's enormous cock. How it looked, from the way the tip was shaped in a perfect mushroom form to how long and thick the shaft was. I was actually getting excited thinking about my friends manhood and how it looked so perfect. 

I debated the pros and cons of what would happen if I took Derrick into my mouth last night. I thought about how it would taste from just sucking him to the creamy reward he would shoot in my mouth. I was thinking about how gay it was and that I was still attracted to girls. I also thought about how nobody would even know and I was just fooling around. 

I stretched in class and had to adjust myself as I felt my dick pressing hard against the top of the seat. The knowledge that my friend was so fucking big and the memory of how close his bloated tip was to my mouth made me squirm in my seat. I was running through scenarios in my head of what it would feel like in my mouth, how it would taste, and what I wold do if he wanted me to suck him to a finish. Would I swallow, or spit his cum as it exploded. The dirty fact that I was committing a taboo gay act was intensified with how he sucked me off and swallowed my load. 

At the end of the class I realized that if presented with the option again I would go through with it, but I would not ask for it. I figured asking for it was gay, but if Derrick asked for it, it would be just helping a friend. I was still hard but not enough for people to notice either. I wanted to feel guilt and shame about what happened, but I only felt regret. Not regret for letting it happen, but for not taking his dick in my mouth.

The rest of the day I ran through more scenarios in my head about what I would say or what I would do if Derrick brought up what happened. I knew I did not want to press the issue and sound like some gay kid wanting to suck cock, but I also wanted to let him know I was open for the idea of having fun. 

I still had my car jacked up and knew I needed to do my breaks when I got home and Derrick already offered to chauffeur me around for the week. I just wondered about how everything was going to happen after practice.

I planned on practice being either canceled or abbreviated with the cloud cover gather. Looked like a storm coming and figured we would only do either sprints in the gym or short no hit plays. I tried to keep my mind focused but when I saw Derrick practicing my mind drifted to all my thoughts of regret for not giving him oral pleasure. 

I was changing and felt a hand on my back. I knew it was Derrick and turned to see if he was going to be weird with me. "Don't think you're doing repairs outside today. Rematch of Madden?"

"Yea, sure" I said as it was more instincts than a thoughtful response. I said those words a hundred times without ever thinking it was going to mean something else, and now it sounded like I wanted to have some big gay affair.

I was waiting for some big conversation about how we crossed the line, but Derrick only talked about cars and girls. I wanted to bring it up but the fear of him saying that I was gay or I wanted him in a sexual way stopped me. I did not know if I wanted just to finish what we started or just to experience his large cock in my mouth.

I sat down on the bed this time with a controller and he sat next to me with the other controller. I turned on the T.V. and powered on the Playstation with full intentions to play and forget now. I could see Derrick was not bringing up what happened and I was not about to be the one to mention it. The calm feeling overtook me that the whole incident was in the past. Although I was full of regret for not going further, I was at peace knowing that it was not going to happen again.

"You know I am going to beat you this time." Derrick joked as he clicked on the game.

I looked at him thinking he was going to mention why the last game was not finished "You keep dreaming." 

"You know I won yesterday." Derrick once again replied as a smirk on his face formed.

I saw the look but still wanted to keep my cool. "I was beating you when it ended."

"I know but I sucked you off." Derrick replied as my heart dropped with the fact he brought up our gay experience.

I looked at him than stared at the floor. He mentioned what happened and I thought it was over. The sudden guilt that Derricked took my dick in his mouth and swallowed me sperm came to me. I committed a gay act and did not even fight back.

Derrick never stopped looking at him as he spoke about it again. "Do you want to experiment again? I don't mind jerking you off or sucking it."

"Do you really want to do it again?" I replied wondering if he liked it. The regret of not going further was now all I could think of. If I just said pull it out he would and I could have my chance to see his monster flesh rod.
