 I'm afraid that if I say any more nice things about my editor, LarryInSeattle, he'll start blushing.

+ + +

The day after our second encounter, I helped my friend load up his car in the morning so he could continue on his trip. He planned to stop and stay with us again on his way back through town the following Saturday. We hugged goodbye, as we always did.

I smiled and waggled my eyebrows up and down at him as he closed the car door, trying to convey something about the new place our friendship had gone but had been unable to put it into words. I think he understood because he smiled and waggled his eyebrows back at me.

I turned and went back into the house as he drove off.

I puttered about the house alone that week, waiting for my wife and my friend to return on Saturday. I chatted on the phone each night with my wife and it eased my loneliness. I touched myself each night as I thought of my friend and it eased a different kind of loneliness. I ate too much. I drank too many beers. I was already chubby and being alone didn't help my eating habits.

On Friday I got a call from my friend in the afternoon. He said his plans had changed. The air conditioner in his car had stopped working. He planned to drive straight through Friday night to avoid the 100° daytime temperatures and he would arrive in the early morning instead of the early evening as originally planned.

"I'll see you when the cock crows," I confirmed, wondering at my choice of words. Are Freudian slips actually a real thing?

The next morning I was still sound asleep when he knocked on the door. It took several seconds for my mind to understand what that knocking sound meant and a few more to convince myself get out of bed to answer the door. He knocked again.

"Hold on," I shouted down the hall towards the front door. "I'm working on it."

I could hear him laugh through the door. He knew very well that I wasn't an early riser.

We hugged and he came in. As is usual on these occasions, he made a beeline for the bathroom after his lengthy drive. I had managed to wake up a bit more by the time he emerged. I was in my bathrobe as I helped him get his luggage from the car.

We both shared a love of trashy, sugary kids' cereals, so we sat down and enjoyed bowls of something with multicolored marshmallows and he filled me in on his trip. He looked pretty exhausted after driving all night. After being alone for a week, I wanted to just keep talking and enjoy his company, but I knew he needed sleep.

He yawned loudly.

"You need some rest, my friend," I observed.

"Yeah," he agreed, "but I gotta take a shower first. It was cooler to drive at night since the A/C went out, but it was still hot and humid. This August we're having has been a bitch."

I heard him start the water running in the guest bathroom shower as I searched for some clean towels. I found a couple of clean-ish ones in the master bathroom. They would have to do for now but I would need to do laundry before my wife returned sometime that afternoon.

"Hey, I brought you some towels," I informed him as he was just stepping into the shower. I caught a glimpse of his naked back and it brought on the feelings that had come over me when I sat on the bed next to him the previous weekend. I felt like a fly in amber. The air grew thick. I could feel my cock growing. I had planned to just drop off the towels and turn and walk out—but I wasn't walking out.

"Hey, dude," he said rather loudly, peeking around the shower curtain and surprised to find me still standing there. He actually blushed, then shyly ducked behind the curtain again. "You think you might wanna...umm...you know, wash my...uh...back?" he asked from within the tiny shower in my guest bathroom.

"Umm, sure," I replied. This was different somehow. We weren't tipsy and we weren't high. It wasn't late at night. And I had no idea what time to expect my wife and her parents.

I dropped my robe and stepped into the shower.

Hot water cascaded over me and I breathed in the steam. My erection stood out straight from my body and it was impossible to move in the tiny space without it rubbing against him or having it bump into the hard tiles. Before I could really even adjust to the setting, I felt his hand grasp it. I reached out and took his in my hand. It was just over half the length of my almost eight inches and curved outrageously upwards, like a banana. We stroked each other until both of our knees got a little weak.

I reached past him and grabbed the soap from the dish and began to lather up his broad chest. He had one of those V-shaped torsos I had always dreamed of having, but narrow shoulders ran in my family. He released my cock as he raised his arms to let me wash underneath. I soaped his belly, but there was no room in the shower to lean down to wash his legs.

"Turn around," I told him.

He managed the maneuver in the tight quarters, bumping into my cock which bent to the side then sprang back, coming to rest between the cheeks of his taut little ass. I moved a little and I could feel it slide down between those cheeks until the head bumped into his balls. He shifted a little. I hadn't intended this when I told him to turn around and I quickly soaped up his back and massaged his shoulders.

Like a number of things since the night I confessed to my friend that I wanted to suck a cock, I hadn't realistically thought about the possibility of putting my cock in his ass—although I had tried to imagine what it might be like if he put his more reasonably-sized cock into me. As I leaned into rubbing his shoulders, my cock popped deep between his slippery ass cheeks like a hotdog into a bun. Startled by the new sensation, he tensed up and I felt his muscular cheeks squeeze the length of my shaft between them. It was exquisite.

And it made him uncomfortable. I don't think he was prepared for the feeling of my very hard cock clenched between his butt cheeks and it made him nervous. I understood because I, too, was unprepared for the feel his cheeks clenching my cock.

"I think we're forgetting something," I said.

"Uh, yeah," he said. "I need to wash you."

"I had a shower last night," I told him as I reached around to grasp his curving erection. There's still one part of you that needs cleaning.

I disengaged my member from his crack as best I could and used his as a handle to turn him back around to face me. I lathered up his cock and balls as slowly and sensually as I possibly could. He stroked me using a firm grip while I washed and fondled and rinsed him. I dropped to my knees in front of him.

Taking him into my mouth, I pulled his hips to make sure I could bury him to the hilt in my mouth once again. I released him and drew back, stroking my tongue side-to-side to tickle the underside of his shaft, as I made my way to his freshly-scrubbed balls. I spent a little time there, massaging them with my lips and tongue while gathering my courage to say what I wanted to say so badly. It was time to reveal another one of my fantasies.

I moved my lips back up to the hot velvet of his cockhead and pulled his hips forward again, hilting him. I did it twice more to savor every bit of his cock. I pulled back and looked up at him looking down at me and said, "Fuck my mouth." Then I plunged back down onto his cock.

He was hesitant at first, but I used my grip on his hips to keep him steadily pumping into my mouth. Soon, he was pumping his hips of his own accord. Then, I felt his hands grab the back of my head and his hips began to move with more purpose. Unlike the previous two times I had sucked him, he wasn't just laying back and receiving what I gave. Now, he was using my mouth to actively seek his own pleasure and even the fantasies I had about doing this with him were a shadow compared to the intensity of the reality of the actual feeling.

With no further need to hold and pull his hips, one of my hands gently stroked his sack and the other reached around to caress his ass cheeks. He penetrated my mouth again and again with strokes that pulled out until only the tip of his head was on my lips, before thrusting forward and pulling my head down and bumping his pubic bone against my nose. I was overwhelmed as the hot water cascaded down upon us both.

I ran my fingers softly down into the crack of his ass. As I stroked this sensitive flesh back and forth, he began to moan, making little noises, "Ah, ah, oh, oh!" His moans rose in volume and got longer as he increased his face-fucking tempo. "Ohh! Ohhh! Ohhhh!" he began to exclaim, his excitement rising as he approached orgasm. My excitement was almost at a crescendo.

I began to tickle his tiny, puckered hole with my middle finger and the intensity was ratcheted up yet again. "Ohhh! Ohhh!," he moaned so loud he was almost shouting. I began to moan frantically around the cock in my mouth, "Mmmm! Mmmmm!" I felt like I was about to burst.

When I pushed the tip of my middle finger into his pucker up to the first knuckle and felt its buttery softness squeezing the joint, it was as if all hell broke loose. With one loud, "Oaaaaoooaaah!" from him, I began to taste his salty, bitter semen on my tongue. His hips slammed into my face forcefully and I could feel his balls bouncing off of my chin.

That was where it happened: on the floor of my guest bathroom shower, one hand on his thigh and the other with a finger in his ass while he thrust his hips and pumped cum in my mouth. I came. I could feel my eyes roll back into my head and my whole groin began to clench in rhythmic spasm. I let it overtake me and the spasms got stronger and began to center on my dick as it wagged up and down stiffly. Suddenly, those clenching spasms became an orgasm and I felt the semen pumping out of me, hands-free.

It was still happening when my friend pulled out of my mouth, sated.

"Dude, what?" he asked, watching me.

A few more spasms passed over me as the last of my liquid dribbled down the drain. "I don't know. I just came."

"But..."

"I don't know," I cut him off. "It was intense. I've never..."

"Whoa," he commented, slightly shocked, slightly awed.

"Yeah," I agreed.

+ + +

Stay tuned for Ch. 04, in which my trusted friend gets a tasty treat that neither of us had anticipated.