 Last week I was driving along I-70 just outside of Indianapolis. It was dark and I thought I saw a person walking along the road, so I pulled over to see if they needed a ride. It turned out to be a guy around 30 years old and he was heading to Missouri to his sister's house. He had lost his job, his car got re-possessed and at this point, he was just heading to his sisters to live with her and get a fresh start on life. I told him that the town I was going to deliver in was only 30 miles from his sisters town.

We drove until about ten o'clock that night and I told him that I was going to stop at the truck stop and get a shower and something to eat. I asked him if he wanted to grab a shower and have something to eat with me. He told me he would, but he didn't have any money. I told him I'd buy his supper and I would tell the girl at the fuel desk he was my co-driver, and that way he got a free shower.

After the shower we sat in the restaurant and chatted about what had brought him to the point in his life that he was at right now. He told me that the factory he was working at closed down and he was out of a job. And since he hadn't worked there for very long, he didn't get any unemployment. He had a girlfriend, but as soon as there was no money coming in, she was heading out. He tried and tried to find a job, but wasn't having any luck. He decided to head out to Missouri. That morning as he was packing his car the repo man came and took his car. So he grabbed what belongings he needed and left the rest on the curb.

After we ate we were walking back to the truck and I told him that he would have to find someplace to sleep tonight as my truck only had one bunk in it. Then I looked him right in the eye and said, "Unless you would want to share the bunk with me." He had a shocked look on his face when I said that, but then he grinned and said, "OK."

I closed the curtains in the truck so no one could see in and we proceed to get undressed for bed. I told him that I hoped it didn't bother him, but I sleep in the nude. He stripped down to his underwear and crawled into the bunk. He was facing the back of the bunk and I slipped in right behind him, facing the same direction as him. I wasn't sure as to whether he had an idea that something might happen, or that he was just thinking we would share the bed so he could get a ride to his sister's house. I waited a little bit before making any kind of a move. But I laid my hand on his side and started rubbing his soft skin. I didn't get a reaction one way or the other so I let my hand slide down his side so that my hand was on his ass. I rubbed the cheeks of his ass for a little bit and I finally got the reaction that I was hoping for. He rolled over and faced me and then he slid down in the bed and started to suck my cock. 

Holy shit, this guy could really suck a cock. He was playing with my balls and licking my cock to the point I was about to explode. He sensed that I was close and he stopped what he was doing. He then slid back up so we were facing each other. We were fondling each other's bodies and I was playing with his cock. I would say he was about 6 maybe 7 inches big. He then told me to lie on the bed face down. He asked if I had any lotion and I told him there was some in the drawer above the fridge. He squirted some on my back and started giving me a great body massage. After he was done giving my back a good rub down, he squirted some on my ass cheeks and then rubbed it in. I also poured some down into my crack and with his fingers he slowly worked it in. 

His fingers kept rubbing across my ass hole and it felt good He had to know I wanted him to slide one of those fingers into my ass because each time his fingers went across it, I would slightly raise my ass up to meet his fingers. After teasing my ass for what seemed like an eternity, I eased his finger deep into my ass and I was in heaven. He basically finger fucked my ass for a couple of minutes, then he pulled his finger out and squirted some more lotion on. He then started the whole process over, but this time he used 2 fingers. He was stretching my ass good. He then pulled his fingers and laid down on top of me. My legs were together but slightly apart and his legs were outside of mine. I could feel his cock sliding back and forth over my ass hole as he toyed with me. 

By the moans I was making, he knew I wanted him to plant that thing as deep as he could. With that, he raised up slightly and reached under with one hand and guided that cock of his right into my ass. He pushed it in nice and slowly the first couple of strokes, then he picked up the pace and started to really slam that cock into me. I would push up with each of his down strokes to get that cock as deep as I could get it. He fucked me for about 5 minutes before he unloaded a massive orgasm. He told me he hasn't busted a nut since his girl dumped him, and that was 6 weeks ago. He was totally spent, but he then looked at me and said, "Your turn." 

I rolled over on the bunk, and he lowered his ass down onto my cock. He rode my cock until I finally cracked a nut, and then we fell asleep in the bunk together.

I woke up a few hours later with another erection and he was again laying on his side facing the same direction as me, so I just slid it back in and started pumping him again. 

The next morning, I made my delivery and then drove him the 30 miles to his sisters house and dropped him off at a near by shopping center. His sister came and picked him up and thanked me for taking such good care of her brother. She has NO idea as to how well I took care of her brother.