  Part 3: John in Seattle

Authors note: I am a straight guy with a lifelong love of bondage. I have had a special love for edging ever since I saw my big sister's "Joy of Sex" with the picture the guy tied spread eagle while the girl sat on him and teased his cock. I have tied and been tied by women many times, and enjoyed it thoroughly. However, when they took the dom role, I never felt like they were enjoying it. A few years ago, after reading some stories by Strand Ankler, I started thinking about what it would be like to be tied by another guy. Someone who wouldn't "be nice", and would be doing it to me for his own pleasure, not mine.

This has lead me on a few adventures with guys who could respect my limits, but enjoyed putting a big, muscular straight guy through his paces. I thought I would share a few of these stories. They are almost entirely true, with only a few details of the narrative altered just to make it a slightly better or hotter, or to move the story along.

Tiedguy 




While looking through ads, I spotted an ad that said "Looking for str8 guy who wants to give up control". Intrigued, I opened it up and found a description of almost exactly what I was looking for. He said he wanted someone under 40, but I hit him up anyway.

Soon I got a reply asking for a picture, which I sent. After that we started discussing what we were looking for what we had done. He talked about how he like taking control of straight guys and playing with them until they begged for release.

We exchanged war stories, and I gave him brief summaries of the other stories I have written about. He told me about two guys he had done this to before. One instance he told about involved tying his victim upside down on the couch, with his head on the floor and arms stretched to the couch legs. He then teased the guy until finally letting him finish, but making it all shoot onto his face and into his mouth. He said the guy was very humiliated.

We figured out that we were on the same page and talked about various scenarios that we could play out. Eventually we decided that I would come visit him two days later. He then took charge and told me that I was not to cum until he finally allowed me to.

The next two days went rather slowly. He continually sent me emails talking about more and different ways to tie me up and tease my cock and was walking around with an erection thinking about the things we talked about. I was keeping my word, though. He talked about how he would love to just keep me tied up all day while he was working. Periodically, he would take breaks to come in work me right up the edge before going back to work. In another scenario we fantasized about, he would get me tied securely, work my cock until it was aching, and then go to Starbucks, leaving me helpless and not knowing when he returned.

But, at least for a first visit, we agreed on a much simpler scenario. I would walk in, be immediately stripped naked. He would then inspect me closely. If I was acceptable he would tie me to a chair and toy with my cock and keep me on the edge until he decided to grant me relief. 

Needless to say, through the negotiation and discussion, I stayed quite aroused. Adding to that was the real thought of being stripped, humiliated, tied helpless and then edged for someone else's amusement. I wanted to jack off so badly, but I was not allowed to cum and I was getting very frustrated!

The morning of our arranged day, he emailed me and said that he needed to delay, as his work was blowing up and he was going to be slammed all day. I was extremely disappointed, but we made arrangements for me to come over on Saturday, 2 days later.

Another two days? I asked if I had permission to cum, at least. He told me, "Absolutely not! You will not cum until I milk it out of you."

Finally Saturday morning came. I emailed him to arrange our meeting. It took him a few hours to finally get back to me. Unfortunately, he had already made plans for the afternoon and evening and wouldn't be able host me.

But he ended his mail with "You haven't cum yet, HAVE YOU?"

"Not yet, sir" I replied, "I have been holding it for you. May I please cum now, it's been so long!"

"No. You will save it for me."

Sunday and Monday came and went. Sunday, he was busy and Monday I couldn't get away. Each day he would make sure I hadn't cum yet. However he did tell me Tuesday might work.

"You might as well just lock me in a chastity device" I told him.

"You would like that, wouldn't you?" he replied.

"Ironically, it does make my cock hard to imagine being locked in a device where it couldn't get hard."

Monday was spent with aching balls and underwear full of pre-cum as he told me about how hot it would make him to have my cock locked up.

Tuesday morning he emailed me that once again his work was blowing up, but making sure that I hadn't cum yet.

I replied "Please, Sir. I need to cum so bad. My balls are so sore I can barely touch them and I don't know how much longer I can hold out. Please let me cum, I will do anything."

The reply came quickly, " I can't deny such a heartfelt plea. You can come over at 1, but I really am very busy with work. I will be teasing you, then ignoring you for a while I handle things. You may spend quite a bit of time tied up and nothing happening. You also must remain quiet while I am working. If that works for you, come over."

"Thank you, Sir!" I sent back.

A few minutes later, another reply came, "Oh, and one other thing. You will have to promise to swallow that huge load. I am going to feed it to you after you shoot. I know your aren't going to want to do it after you've cum, so I need you to agree now that I can make you do it."

This put me in a quandary. I really didn't want to swallow my load. On the other hand, reading about him making me do something as humiliating as that while I was tied up and helpless to stop him immediately made my cock hard.

"Yes, Sir" was my reply.

So, it was at 1 sharp that I showed up to what was a very nice little 4 plex on a quiet side street of Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. I rang the buzzer and soon he came out. He was an average size, affable looking, sandy haired fellow in his early 40's with an easy smile.

We had pretty much agreed on the whole script and scenario, beforehand, so no real talking past "hello" was required, and anyway I was not to speak after we entered his house, just follow orders.

We went in the front door and he led me to an immediate left into his bedroom. I already knew that I was to instantly strip. While he watched, I stripped down and put my clothes on the bed. I then knew that I was to spread my legs and put my hands behind my head.

As I stood there, there was no movement from him for the longest time. As he was standing behind me, I couldn't see, but I assume he was just looking at me. Eventually, I felt his hands as they reached around and he explored my cock and balls. Then I felt his hands workup to my chest and nipples. He took a moment to feel my hard and pretty large pecs and then to tweak and lightly pinch the nipples. Then he grabbed my cock with his left hand and gripped it tight. My cock was so sensitive and deprived that I just groaned in pleasure. His other hand worked between my ass cheeks until his probing finger found my hole. I was glad I had taken a very thorough shower right before coming over! He didn't put it in, but instead began working circles around it while he slowly stroked my cock. I could tell he was just toying with me, not trying to get me off or anything.

Eventually he tired of that, and led me by the cock out of his bedroom and back into living room area. There was a nice wooden kitchen chair sitting in the middle, and a small pile of white clothesline sitting on the couch. Behind the living room area was the kitchen and dining nook. The nook had a dark hardwood kitchen table with his laptop open, cell phone beside it and other work paraphernalia. 

He guided me with his grip on my cock to sit down on the wooden chair. Within seconds of sitting, a sleep mask was pulled over my eyes and that was the last thing I was to see for quite some time.

Next, my wrists were pulled down, one at a time, and tied to the side of the chair just below the seat. He used multiple wraps of the line around my wrists and the chair leg before running a few loops of cinch between them. Although I couldn't see, I could feel each loop of soft rope as it went around my wrists. As the last cinch loop was tightened, I realized my hands were truly tied to the chair. He had clearly done this before, as my wrists were very well tied. I was not getting loose, but they were not too tight. I had a sudden, brief panic at my helplessness, but it also made me very hard and I could feel my cock leaking from the excitement.

Quickly he followed suite with my ankles and I was now well and truly bound to the chair.

He must have noticed the pre-cum dripping out of the head of my cock. One hand went around the shaft and with his other started spreading the liquid around the head. After a week of denial and my excitement from being naked, exposed and tied, my cock was extremely sensitive. I leaned my head back and groaned loudly in pleasure as he worked the palm of his hand right on the well lubricated tip. The intensity was almost too much.

After just a few seconds, though, it stopped. I heard him walk away behind me. Then a chair scraping and after that the sounds of him typing on his laptop. He had just walked away and gone back to work! 

Even though I was blindfolded, I could envision the scene. There he was, working, like I didn't exist. Meanwhile I was naked and tied in the middle of the room, in a state of extreme arousal, but completely ignored. The humiliation, the fantasy that I was just an object, a plaything that he could amuse himself with on breaks from his work, was extremely exciting.

For a while at least. It's extremely hard to judge time when you are in a state like this, but my cock eventually started to soften. The first time this happened, I started thinking about my predicament and humiliation, and it immediately got hard again. After a while though, it started to wilt. I have no idea how long it was before I heard the typing stop, the chair squeak and the footsteps back in my direction.

As soon as the steps came padding back my cock immediately sprang back to attention. Without a word, again, he took a firm grip on my cock with one hand and started teasing the tip and head with the other. I was immediately straining in my bonds and squirming as worked the tip.

Then he started stroking. Slowly at first, very slowly. First one stroke. I waited in anticipation of the next, but it didn't come. Then I relaxed a little and the he stroked again, then another quickly then another pause. He continued with this random timing, keeping me off guard for a while.

Then a slow regular stroking, getting a little faster and a little faster until he found a rhythm that was bringing me towards climax very quickly. I started to thrust into his hand and my breathing became rapid. I felt my balls pull back and heard a roaring in my ears as my orgasm started to build.

He stopped! Suddenly there was not touching, no sensation. I whined. Then I heard footsteps back behind me, a chair squeak, and typing on the laptop.

Arrrgh! Being an object can be really frustrating!

My heart rate came down and my breathing came back under control, as I waited for him to come back. I had no choice in the matter, anyway.

My cock was super sensitive, but after a while you can't stay hard with no stimulation, no matter how exciting the scene is. By the time I heard the squeak and footsteps, I was back down to half-mast.

That didn't last long, as he soon stroked me back to full erection and began all over again. Another round of random stroking and tip teasing until he again stroked me with a rhythm that had me quivering right on the verge of coming. This time, however, he went back to the tip. I was so sensitive on the head that I couldn't keep quiet as he worked it with his keeping right at the verge of orgasm. I was so intense, that my entire existence became nothing but the head of my cock while he teased it. One long stroke, and I would have release, but he didn't grant it.

He stopped again suddenly, and again I heard him walk away, pull his chair out and the "click click click" of him going back to work, without a word being spoken.

This went on and on for what had to have been over an hour. I'm not sure exactly how many "breaks" he took. Finally, though, I heard him sigh as he got up. Something seemed different in the pattern as he got up. This certainly had to mean that he was going to finish me off and send me home! I hoped it was true. After a week of denial and so much time brought to the edge, my cock and balls were extremely sensitive and more than ready to cum.

This time, he wasn't messing about. He grabbed my cock and just started pumping in a rhythm that was designed to get over the edge. Relentlessly he stroked and I pumped into his hand, both of us wanting the same thing. I felt it building, again my ears roaring, building into a huge, intense orgasm.

Suddenly, his phone range. He stopped! I sat breathlessly, fruitlessly pumping my hips into the air, trying to get some contact, some touch to finally get release.

I heard him walk over, grab his phone and then walk off into the bedroom. After hearing the door shut all I heard was his muffled voice.

I was so frustrated, so horny and so ready to cum. But, God it was a submissive turn on being helpless and having him just leave me like that to do something more important like talk on the phone.

The conversation went on for what seemed forever. I really, really wanted to cum. But, obviously, all I could do was sit helplessly. I was moving into the anger phase and thinking "Please! Get off the phone and finish me! Get off the phone!"

Finally, I heard the door open and him walking back.

There was no delay, he grabbed my cock again and started stroking with long, firm, fast strokes. It didn't take long before he had me where he left me. I felt the orgasm build for what I hoped was the final time. I thought "God, I this is the one, I can't take anymore!"

I felt it build and wash over me as I arched my back and groaned loudly. It was a mind melting orgasm and I just kept cumming and cumming. He just kept milking as it I felt the warm fluid go all over my chest and stomach.

Finally I finished and started to grow soft in his hand so he stopped.

"Was that a big enough load for you?" I asked, breaking our long silence.

"Oh yeah", he said I felt him wipe his hand up my wet stomach. "Hope you enjoy it"

Oh shit, I had forgot about this part!

Before I could even say a word, I felt his hand grip my hair and pull my head back. His cum covered fingers were stuck in my mouth. I knew I wasn't getting out of this, so I dutifully sucked my cum off his fingers and swallowed it. He wasn't done, though, and he force fed me as much of my extremely copious load as he could scoop off me.

Finally, he gave me what felt like a patronizing pat on the head, and pulled off the sleep mask.

He quickly untied me, and then handed me some paper towels to clean myself off.

"Sorry" he told me, "I was going to play with you longer, but I just got this email and I have to go meet someone. That's why I just finished you off. I have to get going."

"No problem!" I told him earnestly, both relieved and disappointed that it hadn't gone on even longer..

He ushered me into the bedroom, and hurried me up to get dressed and pretty much pushed me out the door so he could get to his meeting.

John and I emailed a few more times. He told me it was a big turn on for him to control my cock and not allow me to cum for a week. We have never played again, though. I think he was looking for someone a little younger. 

Either way, it was a very fun, albeit frustrating, experience. I absolutely loved the humiliation of just being an object to be toyed with and then ignored while he worked. His capriciousness of just leaving me right at the verge of orgasm to answer the phone was frustrating but also extremely arousing. It makes me hard to think about that now.