 Extreme appreciation to LarryInSeattle for exercising his excellent editorial chops!

+ + +

We sat on my screen porch on a summer night. As my wife slept inside, we sipped on our beers and passed the joint he'd brought. We talked. We had already caught up on news of our lives when he'd first arrived in town. Now, we were shooting the breeze about women and sex like only best friends can and do.

Then, it bubbled up into my mind. My fantasy.

Once my fantasy entered my mind I don't think I heard a word he was saying. I knew that if there was one person in this world who would not judge me, who would just hear me out and let me get this off my chest, it was him. I knew I was going to tell him.

"Dude," I said, interrupting him, "can I tell you something?"

"Sure, man," he replied. "You know you can."

"In the absolute strictest of confidence?"

"Absolutely," was the solemn, but slightly tipsy reply.

With the courage of one who is a little drunk and a little high, I leaned forward conspiratorially. "I have a fantasy that I've never told anyone, man. I fantasize about sucking a cock."

"I'm sure lots of regular guys have that fantasy," he reassured me. "But I'll admit that you've never struck me as a guy who wanted to, you know, do that."

"Yeah, but I really want to suck one," I continued. "I want to put one in my mouth and suck it until it shoots in my mouth. Weird, right?"

"Not at all. It's not the way my fantasies run, but who hasn't been curious?"

There was a ringing in my ears and my heart leapt up in my throat. I became almost dizzy with excitement and fear as the words came out of my mouth. "Can I suck yours?"

I'm sure we were both somewhat impaired by the beer and the joint and his face still registered some surprise at my question. My question seemed to shock him far more than the confession that had preceded it. His mouth opened, then closed again. As his hesitation continued and the silence grew, I reached over and put my hand on the crotch of his jeans. Rubbing up and down, I could feel that he was hard.

"No one will ever know," I said, rubbing my palm against his hard cock through his jeans. "Your cock tells me you want this."

"Mmmmmm," was all he could find to say.

I stood up. "Let's go into the living room. You can lay back on the couch. We can even put on a porno. I couldn't do this with anybody else, man. I trust you. Will you let me try it?"

He said, "Okay," as he followed me inside.

There was some inevitable awkwardness as he removed his jeans and tried to find a comfortable spot on the couch. I sat next to him and we looked at each other before I reached out and touched his hardness through his underwear. I could feel the shape of him in a way I couldn't through his jeans. I could grasp it and stroke it a bit through the cloth. He shifted his hips and I could hear his breathing change as he lay back with his eyes closed.

After some time of this, he asked, "Why don't you put on that porno?"

I got up, fiddled with the VCR and set the tape to playing. When I turned back around, he had removed his underwear and his shirt. I looked at him in the light of the TV, gently stroking his cock. We were both in our late 20's and he was fit, although not muscular, with a V-shaped torso that started with wide shoulders and led down to the cock he stroked. I had never really looked at the male figure as sexually appealing; I had just fantasized about cock. Maybe I had dismissed the male form too quickly. I was chubby and a little embarrassed by it, so I kept my shirt on when I pulled off my shorts.

He spread his legs, shifting his position to the edge of the couch. "You might have an easier time of it if you knelt in front of the sofa." So I did.

At that moment I lost all track of him, the porno playing in the background, and the rest of the world in general. In front of me was my first cock. The cock I was going to suck. The one that would come in my mouth. It was only about four inches long and quite slender. It looked terrifically hard, curving up into the air and it would have touched his belly if it had been a little longer. I really hadn't thought much about the balls hanging below it before now, but there they were, big and hanging loose.

I lifted my hand to touch it, but stopped myself. That's not what I was there for. I remember smiling nervously as I leaned down and kissed the crown and felt its texture on my lips. I kissed it again and parted my lips slightly, allowing more of the silky crown between them. I kissed underneath the head and slowly trailed open-mouthed kisses down the underside of his shaft. On the way back up, I added tongue to my kisses, swirling and stroking. I kissed down the top of his shaft and one of the sides, too, before impatience overcame me and I closed my lips around the head.

Overcome by the sensation, I licked the head and started working my way down, taking more into my mouth, while lashing my tongue back and forth along the underside. He groaned and his hips jerked slightly upward. I continued. When the head reached the back of my throat, I didn't gag, but I knew that my throat would not let his cock go any deeper. Less than an inch remained dry, the rest of his cock was soaked in my mouth.

At that point in my life, I had never cum from receiving head. I had received head from about fifteen girls, but none of them ever managed to bring me to orgasm. I knew what I enjoyed, but had no real idea how to bring my friend to completion. I slowly bobbed up and down, my lips over my teeth, licking and sucking as I did so. I touched his balls a bit with my hand and rubbed my face against them gently, letting him feel my hot breath on his sack. I bobbed up and down some more, interrupted only by breaks to take trips of wet tongue kisses down, then back up, the underside of his shaft.

At some point, my friend whispered, "Hey, I need a little more stimulation. Could you use your hand, too?"

I had seen porn. Heck, there was one playing over my right shoulder if I wanted to take my mouth off of his cock and look. I knew what he meant and I tried. That's where it got awkward for me. I'm a large-boned guy with big hands and my friend's erection was only about four inches. I tried to reach up between us and grasp the base of his shaft and stroke it while I sucked the rest, but there wasn't much left to suck. I had never closely studied techniques in the pornos I'd watched and my elbow kept poking his knee. Each new attempt at adjustment on my part seemed to take us farther from the finish line.

My lack of expertise and coordination looked like it might ruin my fantasy until my friend said, "Here, let me help," and replaced my hand with his. I felt disappointed that it looked like he was just going to jerk off, but my disappointment was short-lived. He flattened his hand against his groin, making an 'O' around his cock with just his thumb and forefinger, and began jerking just the very base of his cock. I felt his other hand on the back of my head, gently nudging my mouth back down to his cock.

It took me a moment to get with his rhythm, but soon I was going up and down on his shaft in time with his hand. I began to get my tongue into the rhythm as best I could. I have no idea if that made any difference to him, but it made me feel for that moment like a wanton cock slut. His hips began to move in time. My heart raced. He was getting close and I knew I was just about to live out my fantasy. I had ignored my own straining erection up to this point, but I started to pull on it, moving harder and faster with each stroke, not even trying to keep time with my mouth's strokes onto his cock.

His hips started to lose coordination with his hand. I had one hand on his belly and I could feel it clenching as his breaths turned into irregular gasps. "Ah! Ah!" he said breathlessly, almost as if he were about to sneeze. My lips, wrapped around his cock, first felt it twitch. Then, I felt it jump on my tongue. He had lost all rhythm stroking with his two fingers and moved his hand, letting me move freely up and down the shaft. I started sucking him really hard, trying to use suction to pull the cum out of him. By the third or fourth big twitch on my tongue, my mouth started to fill with hot liquid. I swallowed. Another spasm of his cock and more replaced it. I swallowed again. Smaller twitches followed, each jetting out slightly less hot, salty fluid than the one before. I kept swallowing, lost in the moment, wallowing in what I had fantasized about for so long.

I started cumming hard onto the floor as I jerked myself. I'm sure I grunted with his cock in my mouth as I sucked harder and harder, while the cum just blasted out of me. Waves of dizziness overcame me and I rocked back and forth on my knees, my mouth's strong suction on his member likely the only thing keeping me from toppling sideways as I furiously pulled my meat, forcing out burst after burst of cum. When my orgasm was done, I continued to nurse at his softening cock.

Finally, he touched my head lightly and said, "Enough, dude. I'm sensitive."

I let him slip from my mouth and sat back on my heels. He lay back on the sofa, drained and barely moving. I rested my hand on his inner thigh. "Thank you, my friend," I said.

"I should be thanking you," he countered, his eyes closed as exhaustion started to overcome him.

"You helped me make my fantasy happen."

"Anytime," he muttered as he drifted off to sleep.

I covered him with a blanket and then neatly arranged his clothes on the coffee table. After wiping my cum from the floor, I dressed and went to the bathroom to brush my teeth before climbing into bed with my sleeping wife. My last waking thought before falling asleep wasn't filled with guilt about cheating on my wife or misplaced homophobic shame. I just wondered what he'd meant by "anytime".

+ + +

I'm impressed as hell with LarryInSeattle and his editorial acumen. He has been working to clean up the first five parts of this series and I couldn't be happier with his input. I write late at night and simply cannot edit myself—and I likely couldn't do it in the noonday sun, either. Thanks, Larry!