 I'm a young guy who is in most aspects straight, but I do have a bi side. I like to say I'm straight, just horny for dick sometimes. I've been writing stories about some of my experiences because I have a little spare time and it's fun. All these stories are true and happened in the last few years. 

---

When I was in high school I loved being surrounded by cute girls all the time. I had a couple girlfriends, and a few sexual experiences with them, but I was still a virgin. I was pretty timid and shy, with a small-framed and smooth build. I was pretty short (for a guy), with a boyish face. I knew I was straight, but never considered myself very masculine or macho.

In my spare time, which I had a lot of, and when I didn't have a girlfriend, which was often, I would often cruise the Internet and watch porn. I was especially drawn to oral and anal videos with big dicks and big cum shots. My dick itself is a decent size, but I loved watching videos of guys with huge cocks and tiny girls sucking them or taking them up the ass. Slowly I realized I wasn't paying much attention to the girl specifically, I was paying more attention to the cock and what she was doing with it. I then slowly realized I was fantasizing more about being in the girl's position than the guy's. 

This scared me a little and often made me ashamed of myself, so I would try to focus more on girls and straight sex. But no matter how many times I felt embarrassed, and no matter how many times I tried to distract myself, when I was horny I kept thinking the same thing: I wanted to be face to face with that dick, I wanted to suck it, I wanted to get fucked. I was never attracted to men, neither their faces or their bodies, there was just something about a big dick that made me want to feel it in every way. It became a secret obsession of mine.

I read a lot of stories here on Literotica about straight or curious guys hooking up with random guys they met. My favorite was (and still is) about a married guy who met a guy in a sauna during a business trip. Other stories I saw were about gloryholes in public places. I would have loved to come upon a gloryhole with a big anonymous dick sticking through, waiting for some attention. Whenever I was in a public bathroom I curiously checked the stalls for a gloryhole, but never found one. The stories I read seemed unrealistic, and I couldn't imagine stuff like that actually happened in real life. The ideal situation I thought of was finding a well hung stranger in some isolated place, where I ended up on my knees hungrily sucking him off, and eventually being leaned up against a wall or bent over doggy style to take his thick cock up my ass. I felt like such a slut fantasizing about this and desperately wanted it to happen. I knew it never would, but it was exciting to imagine. I hesitantly got some gay porn, and while I still preferred watching girls, it was new and taboo to watch guys act out what I was horny for. 

After a couple years without any effort to seek out and try this fantasy of mine, I resigned to the fact that I probably never would. It was the summer after my high school graduation, I had been without a girlfriend for several months, and was getting ready for college in the fall.  I was glad to be out of school and was really enjoying the summer. I played golf, hung out at the beach, partied with friends, flirted with girls, and got a part-time job working in a bookstore.  Over 4th of July weekend we had a few relatives stay at our house for about a week, and I had a good time sightseeing and socializing with them.

One night I got home in the evening to find the house empty and a note saying they went out to dinner. It was nice to get some alone time, and I was feeling a little horny so I went to my room and popped on some porn. I laid back on my couch and starting jacking, and after I relaxed a little I switched to a gay porn. I was enjoying myself when I heard a knock on my door. Panicking, I tried to stammer out "hold on" while I zipped up my pants and tried to turn off the video, but the door was already opening. I quickly switched off the porn and turned around to see my uncle Pete standing in the doorway, looking a little surprised. Considering he had a full view of the screen, he definitely got a good look at what I was watching, and what I was doing.

"Hey, Pete, I thought you guys went out to dinner" I said nervously, hoping maybe he didn't notice.

"No, they went out but I was napping. Busy day, you know."

"Ah." I replied, and then there was silence.

"So..." he said, seeming like he wanted to confront me about this.

"I'm sorry" I stammered out, "I thought you were away, so I.." 

"Hey don't worry about it. By all means I know how it goes. I'm a guy too you know" and he laughed. "You mind if I come in?"

This took me back a little bit, but I didn't know what else to say so I invited him in. He sat down on the other end of the couch as I tried to hide the fact that my pants were half undone. Pete is a good looking guy in his mid 30s, with a nice, pretty toned body and a nice smile. He is real down to earth, and I've always gotten along with him well.

"Seriously Ben, it's not a big deal at all. If you think other guys don't do that too you're sadly mistaken." He said it in a way that kind of put me at ease. He started to talk about being a guy and how frustrating it is sometimes being horny all the time. I began to feel much more comfortable, and he assured me I had nothing to be embarrassed about.

"Hell, I don't know how I got anything done when I was your age" he said "the amount of time I spent alone in my room with some dirty magazine or comic book." and he started laughing and I laughed back. We started to share stories of this sort: close calls, strange locations, and how lucky I was to have the Internet to find all the porn I wanted.

"Speaking of which, what was that you had going there? He asked. That reminded me that I had gay porn playing when he came in, and I was nervous all over again.

"Oh just something I got off the net." I said. 

"Hey pop it back on let's see what you got" He said with a grin. That surprised me again , but I went to my computer to turn on one of the straight porn clips I had. It was a video of a tiny girl sucking a guy off. He gave me a wry, knowing look, like he knew this wasn't what I was watching, but he didn't say anything. 

"Hey...good stuff. Man I wish I had stuff like this when I was your age" he said.

We watched a little bit and talked about it, made fun of it, laughed, and I began to feel comfortable again. After a while he started to slightly massage his crotch over his shorts, but I pretended not to notice.

"Ah what the hell" he said after a few minutes, and put his hands down his shorts to continue. "I hope you don't mind"

"No, it's cool" I said, trying to act like it wasn't a big deal.

"I can't help myself," He remarked, sensing my apprehension, "This stuff is hot as hell." and then he added in "feel free to join in" with a sarcastic laugh. I didn't know if he was being serious or not but I thought "what the hell" and so I started jerking off too. 

With that, Pete pushed down his shorts and pulled his cock out. I caught a surprised glance of his dick, the first dick I've seen in person other than my own. I pretended not to look but couldn't help but notice it was beautiful. It was about half erect as he was jacking it, and it reminded me of the dicks I had seen in all the videos I watched and fantasized about.  It grew harder as he jacked it and I couldn't help but catch glances of it. I have a good sized dick, I've measured it out to almost 7 inches, but his was a good deal bigger and thicker, perfectly shaped with a thick, cut head and a very closely trimmed bush.

"I'm sorry Ben, I realize this might be embarrassing you." and he started to pull up his pants.

"No, it's alright, really." I said, maybe too eagerly, and he continued jacking.

"You know, no one talks about it, but a lot of guys do this. You know, do this together." he said.

"Yeah, I know." I replied. even though I didn't. 

"...Have you ever seen another guys dick before?" he asked after a pause.

"No I haven't, you're the first." I said, laughing nervously.

"Well..?"

"Well what?"

"What do you think about all of this?" he asked.

"It's okay, I never thought I would see one like this." Again laughing nervously. Then without thinking I said "You have a very nice dick." and immediately thought that was a little too forward and revealing. He smiled a knowing smile and thanked me.

After a pause he said "So..you like it?" He looked right at me, nodded at at his dick, and gave me a look. My heart started racing. I looked at him, looked down at his now fully erect and beautiful dick, nodding my head.

"Would you like to feel it?" he asked. I couldn't believe this was happening, and what he was asking me. Here was a dick for the taking and all I had to do was reach over and get it. Without answering I scooted over on the couch, he took his hands off his dick, and I gripped it with my hand. It surprised me by how warm it was, and it was thick, filling my hand perfectly. 

"How is that" he asked.

"It's....very nice" Was all I could manage to say, weakly and under my breath. I began to stroke his dick up and down slowly, keeping a steady firm grip. He let out an approving moan and shifted further down the seat.  I looked back up at him, he smiled and gave another nod to his dick, and that was all I needed. Slowly I leaned over until his dick was right in front of my face. It looked even bigger so close to my face, and I licked my lips. "This is it" I thought, as I opened my mouth and took the head into my mouth. I kept a firm grip on the base as I felt his dick move into my mouth, and I sealed my lips over his cock head. 

"Oh ..yeah..." Pete said with a groan. It was so warm and big in my mouth and I couldn't get over that I was sucking a guys dick. I began to get more comfortable with the feel of it in my mouth and I started going further down on it, getting more of it into my mouth. I shifted my body so I was crouching on my knees next to him on the couch, still jacking him as I licked and sucked him off. I started to really enjoy it, and by the sound of it he did too. 

I sucked him like that for a while, then he pulled my head up, took his shorts off, and had me get on the floor. On my knees, I crawled between his legs, gripped his dick and started sucking again. I was at a better angle this time and could get him deeper into my mouth. Feeling like a slut I built up a rhythm, pushing his cock in and out of my mouth, licking and sucking. I tried to get as much of his shaft in my mouth but came nowhere near the base.  Every so often I would pause to jack him while I licked up and down his shaft. I have no idea how long I sucked him for, as I had no concept of time at this point. It could've been an hour, it could've been 5 minutes.

I was bobbing my mouth up and down like a pornstar when he managed to say "I'm gonna cum...you okay?" All I could manage was a muffled "mmhmm" with his cock still in my mouth. I started to suck harder, and my heart started to pound even harder in anticipation. His breathing became sharper and more intense. He grabbed his dick from my hand and pushed my forehead back, slipping his cock out of my mouth. He gave it a couple pumps and I watched a thick load of white cum burst out and felt it land on my cheek and across my nose. It caught me off guard, it was so hot and heavy on my face.  I opened my mouth, gasping, and he rested his cock on my lower lip as he dumped the last few shots right in my mouth. It was hot with a strange salty taste, as I felt shot after shot of cum cover my tongue. With his cum still in my mouth he pushed his cock back into my mouth and rubbed it around my lips. I closed my mouth and swallowed, feeling the thick load slide slowly down my throat.  I grabbed his dick and licked a drop of cum off the head of his dick, while he lay back and put his arms over his face.

"Oh man." He said laughing. "Oh man...."

"I know.." I said. I was breathing heavily, still kneeling there with my uncle's dick in my hand. I couldn't believe what had just happened. I got up on my knees, holding his cock it to my chest and jacking it slowly.

"Oh wow...wow." he kept saying. He looked at me and smiled "looks like you've still got some there." With a couple fingers I felt the wad of cum draped across my nose and cheek. "Did you enjoy that as much as I did?" he asked. I nodded fully.

"To be honest I've wanted to do that for a long time." He laughed when I said this.

"I thought so, considering what you were watching when I came in." We both laughed, and he handed me a tissue to clean off my face as he pulled his shorts up. "If you ever want to again, let me know."

"Definitely." I replied and he smiled.