 My first time with another man.

I have always considered myself straight, my entire life has been consumed by woman, I am attracted to them, I want them, I desire them and I have sex with them. But and this is big but, I have always had a fascination with cocks, ever since the first time I saw one as a teenager in the locker room.

I know as men we are not suppose to look at other guys cocks but I was fascinated by them. I of course being a heterosexual male put it out of my mind. I went of to college and had lots of sex with woman. Eventually I got married and had kids.

When the internet came into being I was obsessed with looking at porn, eventually I made my way to some gay sites and my curiosity was peeked. Here I could look from the comfort of my own home at all the cocks I wanted to without fear of being caught.

Then you start to fantasize about acting out, maybe I could hook up with someone without getting caught, someone anonymous, that doesn't know me, someone that would not shatter my entire world as I knew it. So this is the story of that encounter.

I joined several gay sites It seemed so simple yet I was scared to death to actually go through with it, it was one thing to fantasize about it, quite another to actually do it, could I really go and meet someone and have sex with them.

I, unlike many people, like to experience everything. If I was going to do this, I was not interested in just jacking off with a guy, or even just a blowjob, I wanted to experience it all, including getting fucked by a guy.

I put an ad out of what I wanted, and I also looked at other guys ads. It may sound bizarre but I wanted a good looking cock, long and cut with a nice mushroom head, in reality quite different then mine. You see, I am uncircumcised, I am very well endowed with a cock that is 7 inches in circumference at the base, very thick indeed, but not cut.

I eventually met a guy who was gay and was interested in meeting with me. He was a good looking guy, and from the picture he sent, a very nice looking cock. His ad stated he was a top, which was fine with me. I have fucked a lot of girls, I was ready to experience what it was like to get fucked. 

We chatted on instant messaging and eventually talked on the phone. He was hot to meet with me but I was resisting. It was one thing to have a fantasy, quite another to actually act on it. 

I wanted to meet with him, I wanted to suck his cock and get fucked by him and I masturbated to it many a nights imagining what it would be like. But to actually do it was another story. I wasn't prepared to shatter my heterosexual world. But to his credit Jim persisted. He kept begging me, he wanted to hook up in the worst way.

I finally agreed, and as the day approached the more nervous I became, could I actually go through with it. I was determined to, but would I lose my nerve at the last moment.

I made the long drive to his home, he lived about 45 minutes from my house, plenty of time to chicken out. But I didn't, as I approached his home I really got nervous.

I pulled into his drive way and looked around I was worried someone might see me going into his home, even though I didn't know anyone in his neighborhood, it was sheer terror, was I coming out of the closet. How could I be, I still liked woman, I was straight, maybe, slightly bi.

I knocked on the door and Jim answered, welcomed me in, and I took a real good look at him. Very good looking guy about 5foot ten to 6 feet tall about 200 pounds, short hair and did not act gay whatsoever, one of those guys you see in public maybe working out, never dreaming that guy is gay at all.

Of course he looked me over as well, I wasn't sure what he was thinking, I found out later I am just his type. I am built like a big football player 6 foot tall about 245 pounds solid all over, hard like a football player with a bit of a gut I need to lose. Been described by others as a mountain of a man. 

Jim showed me around the house very neat and clean and well decorated, now I knew he was gay cause no heterosexual man take care of their home that well. We seem to hit it off pretty easily and I was looking forward to seeing his cock. As he showed me his home we started to migrate toward his bedroom.

His master bedroom had a glass door that lead to the pool area and two things came to mind, the first was I would love to suck his cock as he sat on the edge of the pool. The second thought was, his door has no curtain, if someone wanted to, it would be possible for them to look over the fence and see Jim and me together.

Jim and I both looked at each other and we instantly knew it was time, he was on one side of the bed and I on the other, we both started taking our clothes off, as Jim bent down to take his underwear off I knew I would be finally getting a good look at his cock and I didn't have to look away, I could openly stare at it and it, was ok.

Jim had a very nice cock, I have been told there are two types of cock, showers and growers, I am a grower, it grows to a long thick cock. Jim is a shower, his cock was long and beautiful even soft. I openly admired his cock as he laid on the bed. I finished undressing and also laid on his bed.

We got in a natural 69 position so we could both play with each others cocks. Moment of truth, I was about to put my hands on a cock other then my own, I was living my fantasy, and for all those guys reading this story that has always imagined it but were afraid to act on it. I can tell you honestly it was amazing and I enjoyed every minute of it. 

His cock was still soft and it felt spongy in my hand, I was very warm to the touch, I felt like I had a new toy. I was so consumed with Jim's cock that I had forgotten he was playing with my cock. 

Reality hit me in the face when I felt his tongue licking my cock and then his mouth swallowing it. Oh my god, it felt so incredible. It is true, guys do really give better blow jobs then girls. As he swallowed my cock I brought my attention back to his.  

I took his cock and looked at it, trying to get the nerve to bring it closer to my lips, I knew if I did that I would be forever known as a cocksucker, even if it was only me calling myself that. I did it anyway, I brought his cock to my lips, I licked the head, letting my tongue swirl all around it. It was the most natural feeling, like I had been doing it all my life. 

I found something about myself at that moment, I loved sucking cock, and this would not be the last time I sucked a cock. Yes I still loved woman but I found out I liked cock as well. I tried to take in as much of his cock as possible, but I have to admit I gagged on it because he was so long. 

But I kept trying, I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth he was starting to get hard I wanted to feel it expand in my mouth, and it grew even bigger and harder. I was sucking his cock like there was no tomorrow, I kept hoping this day would never end

I could tell Jim was getting really excited, I must have been doing a hell of a job on his cock, his legs started to tighten up, I heard him grunt.

I relaxed and let nature take its course. He exploded inside my mouth. I felt the first wave of cum hit the back of my throat, it was so hot. It wasn't as bad as I thought, but he kept pumping more cum in my mouth, I couldn't hold it all in, some of it dribbled out of my mouth but I swallowed as much of it as I could.

If you had told me a month ago I would let a guy cum in my mouth I would have told you that was crazy, never happen. And it just happened, and I welcomed it, I wanted to taste his cum, I wanted to feel his cock throbbing in my mouth, I wanted to feel it jerk and inside my mouth as he came. His cum was salty, but I didn't care, it felt so good.

I know what it feels like to cum in a girls mouth and now I know what it feels like to have a cock exploding in my mouth and I was hooked. I could tell Jim's head was very sensitive and I gave it a couple of more licks before letting him slide out of my mouth.

He then went to work on my cock, I relaxed and let him enjoy himself. He was an expert cocksucker, it takes allot for me to cum through a blowjob but he did and soon enough I grabbed the back of his head and held him to me as I exploded inside his mouth.

I cum allot I have been told by many a girlfriend that I am a heavy cummer, I guess it was too much for Jim, he could contain it all, so he got up and went to the bathroom to get rid of the excess.

We both laid in bed talking, I absentmindedly played with his cock and he rubbed my chest. We soon got horny enough that I asked him if he wanted to fuck me and he said yes.

Here was another barrier I was about to cross, I laid face down on the bed, facing the poolside glass door, Jim got behind me and laid on top of me. I told him to go slow because I was not only had a virgin ass but a very tight one at that. Jim reassured me we would take it as slow as we had to.

I could feel the weight of his whole body on top of mine. I could feel his growing cock on the crack of my ass, he was rubbing it all over making himself hard. I felt it growing, all I could think about was feeling him inside me.

Here was another milestone I was about to cross, I felt his cock at the entrance of my ass and I felt him give a little push, he tried to slip the head in and OMG the most intense searing pain shot through my body and I told him to pull out. He did and told me to relax my ass muscles.

I didn't think I as going to be able to take his cock, maybe his cock was too big and my ass was to tight but I was determined to feel it, I told him to try again but to go even slower. 

Jim took his time and this time he only slipped in the very tip of his cock, I relaxed my ass muscles and told him to push further. The pain was still intense but not as painful as the first time. 

I encouraged him to push further till his head broke through and was inside me. He felt me take a big breath and waited for me to tell him to keep going. 

Jim kept pushing until before I realized it, his whole cock was inside of me. He laid back on top of me and we both relaxed a bit. I could feel all the weight of Jim on top of me but now I could also feel his cock inside of me. I really loved that feeling, my ass was full of cock and it felt incredible. 

Jim placed his hands under my chest to draw me even closer to him and as he laid on top of me he started fucking me, nice and slow, I could feel every inch of his cock inside of me as he pulled out and pushed it back in.

We had a rhythm going, Jim was really getting into it, he was now fucking me fast and hard. 

I whispered to him, "Fuck my ass Jim, fuck me hard, cum inside of me, I want to feel your cum exploding inside of me."

That sent Jim over the edge and he exploded inside my ass, I actually wished we could keep fucking, it felt that good. He finally pulled out, sweaty and exhausted from fucking my ass.

We laid in bed together for a while, both of us resting, catching out breath. Finally after laying there for a while we both got up and got dressed and I left his home, agreeing to meet again.

One final thought, I was very lucky that Jim was my first, I needed someone who was both knowledgeable and gentle at the same time but could turn into an animal when needed. I can promise you this would not be the last time that Jim fucked my ass and I was already looking forward to the next time as I drove away from his home.