 Scott and Terry became frequent visitors to my apartment. They often came together and on occasion alone. 

Last night I had just gone to bed and I heard the front door open (by now I had given them their own keys) and Scott & Terry's whispering voices. They sounded like they were a bit drunk. I sat up in bed as they walked into my bedroom and started unfastening and unzipping their pants. 

I tossed off the covers and sat naked and ready for my lovers. As Terry began to rub his now hard cock over my lips he said "we were at a party with our wives and they have both passed out already". Scott added "and we were just too horny to go to try and sleep".

Scott was at my back side and kneading my ass cheeks which he knew I loved. He grabbed the lube off the dresser and pushed two fingers worth up my hole. As I gasped Terry just pushed his cock right down my throat.

I was in heaven with my two favorite sex playmates begin to feed me their cocks at both ends. There I was completely naked with both Scott & Terry still dressed with just their big dicks hanging out of their slacks and sliding into me. It was sure fucking hot.

They both groaned and came fast and filled me with their tangy loads. After we just lay on the bed with me in the middle and playing with those still semi-erect cocks. 

As they were leaving they both kissed me and each grabbed one on my ass checks and squeezed. Terry said that they were planning a boy's only weekend fishing trip and wanted to know if I could get the time off and come with them. 

Standing in the doorway naked and now getting a hard-on, again! I assured them that I would go. Terry said "in two weeks and we'll have a nice surprise for you when we get there". I had to go and jack another load as I was so hot just thinking about a weekend alone with two of my favorite tops.

The next day when I got home I had a message from one of my trucker buddies. It was the white, hairy, thick cocked trucker that I had gotten fucked by in his truck. (The other trucker that fucked my ass was his buddy and he was this big black man with a python hanging between his legs.)

The message said that he would be 'at the truck stop that evening at about 7 pm, be there!' 

I left the apt. at 5 to 7 and went up to the truck stop parking area. I didn't see his truck so went into the stop for a soda. The other truckers there immediately knew that I was the truck stop slut by the way I was dressed. This time in a very short pair of cutoffs a ripped tank top and flip flops.

When I saw his truck pull in I got up and as I started for the door several "I'm next" cat calls were made and the whole place broke out into laughter. I enjoyed the attention as it wasn't like I was trying to hide my reason for being there.

As I got to the truck and climbed up and open the door he already had his huge cock out and hard. "Get in the back and get those sissy shorts off cus I don't have much time" he said. I climbed in the back and took off my shorts when he got up on the seat and just dropped his pants.

Get those legs in the air and with that he just shoved that uncut hung sausage right up my tight hole. I let out a bit of a scream as he had used no lube and I had only prepped with a little. He just looked into my eyes and said "moan and scream all you want boy cus I need to drop a load and get back out on the highway."

Even with the rude fucking he was throwing me I still got a hard-on and he soon came up my ass and pulled out and said "thanks now you got to get out."

As I climbed down out of the truck several of the others truckers were standing around near the truck. They were giving me the once over as I was disheveled and had an obvious boner in my shorts. "Need some more dick?" they said. 

The three of them all rubbed the crotches and walked over to one of the panel vans and opened the back and went in. I walked over and looked in and they had all dropped their jeans and were stroking some pretty impressive cocks.

Needless to say I climbed in and they shut the door and I ended up naked and taking all three of their cock up my ass and down my throat. Six loads as they all shot one up my back side and one down the front.

Guess who was standing outside the panel van when I left but none other then Scott & Terry, my neighbors. I blushed, they laughed and both just put an arm around me and walked me down the exit ramp and back to my apartment. 

More to cum...