 As I said before I lived by a Truck Stop rest area in the Chicago area and my apartment was just a short walk up the back access road. This was one of my favorite places to go at night and even in the day sometimes and sit in a stall and suck cock, drink loads of cum and sometime get fucked through the partition or in the back of some truckers cab.

I had these two hot truckers that traveled this area all the time and I had been sucking their cocks and getting fucked by them for some time now; about a year. They had my number and would always call and let me know when they were coming through. Sometimes alone and other times they would be there at the same time and that was my favorite time. 

I was also very unaware that my truckers coming and going from my apartment was being monitored by a couple of 30 something men that lived with their wives in the building. 

I had seen both men around the building many times and we always acknowledged each other but I never gave it any other thought. Both were nice looking with well defined bodies, which I would check out during the summer months when they tended to hang out in shorts and tanks. Their wives were best friends and looked like a couple of Barbie Dolls.

I was out by the pool one hot weekend day and these two men came out in snug fitting board shorts and it was very clear to my well trained eye's that they both commando under the shorts. Both looked like they were swinging some pretty serious meat as they nodded at me and then both jumped into the pool. 

When they came out of the pool right in front of where I was lounging I definitely got an eye full as the board shorts were now molded to their bodies making their sizable cocks and balls very visible. 

I was wearing my usual hot yellow bikini which I must admit showed off my cock & balls but really accented my hot ass when I would roll over and sun my backside. They walked right past me while blatantly adjusting their packages and my face flushed as I started to throw a hard-on. 

They laid out on a couple of lounge chairs near me and kept talking, laughing and then looking over at me as though to make sure I was still watching them. I got a bit flustered and decided to call it a day and go back inside. 

As I got up to leave it was very evident that I was hard, it was also very clear that they were both now sporting semi-stiff cocks, now I flushed even more as I found it very difficult to lift my gaze for their cocks to their eyes. 

The men watched me as I left and said "see you later" to which I just nodded as I could not speak and got redder and harder, looked again at their growing cocks and just dashed for my apartment. I could hear them laughing as I made it to the apartment door.

My living room sliding glass doors look out over the pool area and I couldn't resist taking another look at these two studs lounging by the pool. 

Being the complete cock slut that I am I stripped off my bikini and stood naked by the open glass doors as I stared at their hot, more mature bodies and began to take in the ones sexy chest hair and the others very smooth hairless chest. 

With just a light dusting of hair going from his navel and then under the waist band of the short, while the other with the hairy chest had a very sexy trail of thick hair traveling down and disappearing into his board shorts. I was soon throwing a full hard-on. 

As I scanned back up their bodies I met with their eyes looking directly at me and enjoying the fact that I had a hard-on just from desire for their stud bodies. In unison they both reached down and groped their cocks and smiled back at me and began to get up and gather their things. 

Ever the tease I slowly turned around so that they could see my horny ass and looking over my shoulder I watched them as they stood as I brought my right hand back to my ass and rubbed my fingers into my crack and over my hole. 

I could see they were both becoming very aroused and they nodded at me groped themselves again and walked into the building. The next thing I new there was a knock at my door. I peaked through the peep hole knowing it was the two hot neighbors from down by the pool coming to have the cock slut neighbor service them. 

I boldly opened the door naked and hard and was greeted by their smiling faces and hot, bare muscular torsos. I could not resist and looked down to see their board short with the clear outlines of two large stiff cocks straining to be released. They both laughed and said "are you going to invite us in or should we just go home?" I just nodded and opened the door wide. 

They walked in and went to the fridge and helped themselves to a couple of beers and dropped their towels on the table, kicked off their flip flops walked into the living room turned to face me and untied their board shorts and let them fall to their feet and stepped out of them as their big, thick cocks rose to full pre-cum leaking erections. 

They sat back on the sofa buck ass naked with those two hot fucking cocks sticking straight up waiting for my attentions. Their two hard cocks were things of beauty, both were about 8" to 8.5" of hard, thick porn quality cocks. 

The slightly taller of the two said "this is what you want isn't it?" I did not know what to say and just nodded yes as I licked my lips. "Then come and show us how much you want them Jim". 

No names had been exchanged at that time and I wondered how they knew my name but fuck it, I just went to the sofa and down onto my knees and took each of those hot cocks into my hands and lightly stroked them. 

They were hard and powerful and I just looked back into their eyes as if asking how and the taller one again said "we see you go visiting the truck stop at night and climbing up into the trucks with the drivers." 

"The other night you came back with what looked like a gallon of cum all over you; in your hair and on those slutty shorts you always wear." "You must have been very busy." I just blushed and continued to stroke their hard shafts. 

"We've also seen two of your trucker friends come up to your apartment." "We were hoping you would show us the same hospitality." "You do like what you've got in your hands Jim, don't you?" I nodded, it seems that was the only thing I was capable of doing as words would not form in my mouth. "Then they're all yours so start sucking."

I leaned in and washed both of their cock heads with my tongue, they tasted clean with that slight pool chlorine scent. I stroked the tall guys cock and went down to the base on the other, "god damn" was all he could say and I then proceeded to bob up and down while jacking the other, then over to the other guys cock and down to the base I went again. 

"Jesus you sure know how to suck cock" and "no wonder those truckers are so eager to let you in." "Scott, this boy is fucking great." 

So that was the tall one name! I was slobbering all over that big dick when I felt 'Scott' reach back and slide his hand into the crack of my ass. I let out a very audible moan as Scott begin to finger my hole when the other guy said "he seems to really like that; you like having that ass played with and getting fucked? I could only nod yes. 

So you like taking cock at both ends, don't you Jim?" I could only barely nod as my mouth and throat was stuffed with cock. 

As Scott began to push two fingers into my hole, he said "Terry, Jim here is taking two fingers straight up his ass with no resistance at all." So, I'm sucking on Terry; now I've got the names of these two horny studs. 

Terry is real hairy, I'm playing with his nipples and rubbing his hairy chest as I work over his cock and Scott is so smooth it almost looks as though he might shave or wax any hair off. Both of them obviously work out and have hot muscular bodies. I was in cock heaven as I bobbed up and down on Terry's big dick taking it all the way down to the pubes.

Scott gets off the sofa and gets behind me and slowly starts pushing three fingers up my ass, now I'm on fire and come off of Terry's cock and beg "oh god fuck me, that feels so great." 

"You hear that Scott? I think Jim here needs a big hard cock up his boy pussy so I say you oblige him." I point to the side table and Terry laughs as he picks up the big tub of lube grease I have there and hands it to Scott." 

I come back off Terry's cock and watch as Scott just pushes his whole cock head into the jar and then aims for my fuck hole. My eyes roll back as he just pushes the entire length of that big cock straight up my chute and I let out a groan as I drop my mouth back over Terry's fuck stick. 

With both my ass muscles and throat muscles I show both those studs what I can do to their meat. 

Both are now grunting and groaning and I know they are about to cum. As Scott plows my ass pussy my over stimulated prostate can't take it any longer and I start to cum all over the floor and Terry's legs. 

Terry's cock swells and I can feel the first jets of his cum going straight down my throat and I pull back a bit so that I can taste and drink his pungent man cum. Scott starts to cuss and swear and begins to fill my ass to overflowing. 

Cum is coming out of my mouth and ass at the same time as both fill me to overflowing. They both slow down yet leave their deflating cocks in both of my holes so that they and especially I can savor the hot and fantastic fuck we just had.

I finally pull off both of their dicks and begin to lick and clean the mess I made on Terry's legs. Both Scott and Terry are so spent that they both lay back on the sofa while I get up and go the the bathroom to clean myself up a bit. 

I slip into the kitchen and get us all a beer and walk back into the living room and sit down between my two fuck studs and hand each a glass and toast to a beautiful friendship. I set my drink down and wrap my hands around their spent yet still tumescent cocks.