 All rights reserved -- this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.

*

We went into the house and had a drink, relaxing without clothes. I couldn't keep my eyes off of his member, and kept glancing at it to see signs of further excitement. Heinz sat in his over-sized chair, facing the huge flat screen TV. Punching the remote, he reclined and his robe fell to the side, exposing the object of my lust. On the screen a scene began which involved a busty brunette woman, and two men. One man , who looked to be in his mid fifties, stood in the middle of a room, wearing a suit. A younger man approached with the woman, and she reached down, unzipped the older man's pants, and withdrew his sizeable penis. Holding it in her hand, she pushed the younger man down to his knees and directed the cock to his mouth, As he began servicing the older man, the woman took her clothes off, kissing the man who was standing, and encouraging the kneeling man to keep working the cock he lovingly nursed. This was probably the hottest porn scene I'd ever experienced. This was exactly what my strongest fantasy had always been. Having a woman direct me, teach me, and to be honest, just approve of me servicing an older, dominant male. This made my cock even harder, it throbbed and needed release. My head was swimming with lust as I glanced over at Heinz. He had started stroking himself, and had begun to grow hard. The screen showed the "bull" male was now fully hard, he was holding the younger man's head still as he stroked his cock in and out of his mouth. The brunette was kissing him and looking down at the kneeling man approvingly. 

"What do you think?" Heinz asked, startling me. 

"That's amazing," I said, not taking my eyes form the screen. "It's seems so right. So natural. It's what I want."

"Really? Well maybe we should invite your wife over to watch, and whatever else comes to mind." Heinz' cock was hard again, and stood up straight against his belly. His large, full scrotum had fully relaxed form his earlier climax, and lay between his legs, showing his nice, full balls. 

"I uh, I would like th...." My words were cut off by the sound coming from the screen.

"Yes, do it, do it, suck that cock, take it like a man!" The woman on the screen exclaimed. " You love that cock don't you?" She accused. The older male pulled free of the mouth that had been serving him, and began stroking his cock fast, aiming it at the kneeling man's mouth which was wide open. "Yes, give it to him -- he wants your hot cum!" It was the typical badly written porn dialogue, but it was hot all the same. Before long the sperm flew from the older man's cock, and he directed it all directly onto the tongue before him. It was white, and thick, and I wanted to taste it.

Looking at Heinz, I moved to the floor in front of him. I kneeled. "Can I?"

"Can you what?" Heinz asked, knowing what I wanted, but playing the role. Fulfilling my fantasy. "tell me what you want -- what you need."

"I need your cock. I need to feel it in my mouth. Feel your strong, thick cock pulse, and throb as I suck you. I need your sperm. I need you inside me." I wanted so badly to take him in my mouth I would have said or done anything at that point.

Heinz stroked his cock once, pulling a drop of clear pre-cum to the tip, which rolled down the shaft. "Will you let me cum in your mouth? How about your ass? Can I fuck you and cum inside you, make you a woman? Take you like a woman?"

"Yes" I moved to take his cock, and Heinz moved forward on his chair, taking my head in one hand, and lowered his cock to point to me with the other. He pulled me onto his cock, sliding it into my mouth, and pulled me all the way down until my nose was in the hair at the base of his cock. The head was in my throat, and I had actually deep throated him. I felt him throb, his shaft spasmed once, twice. I tasted the pre-cum on his shaft. The he withdrew, standing and walked away. I felt so empty. I needed him again. I followed.

Heinz stood beside his bed, his hands parting the robe, exposing his body to my eyes. I looked down from his hairy chest, past his mid section, and directly at his hard cock. It was pointing at me, bobbing up and down slightly. Heinz reached for it, and pulled back the foreskin, exposing his wide, flared head. The tip glistened with a drop of his pre-cum. 

"Come over here, kneel down and suck my cock." Heinz commanded. I floated across the room, never taking my eyes off of the beautiful specimen before me. Dropping to my knees I reached up for his shaft, and looked closely at the head. Pulling back the foreskin, I squeezed a drop of the clear liquid from him, seeing it roll down the underside of his shaft I licked it from his skin. Moving down I nuzzled his crotch, and then began licking his big balls.

"That's good -- that's good. Now suck them, yes." Heinz was groaning now, and he tilted his head back to enjoy the moment. I moved up and took him in my mouth. The big glans rested on my tongue before I began sucking hard. Stroking him with my hand, and sucking the head I got into a rhythm that had him thrusting his hips and his balls began to draw up toward his body.

"Not yet, we have some other business to attend to." Heinz pulled himself free of my mouth. Heading to the night table he withdrew a tube of lube. " Do you know what this is for?"

"Yes." I said, moving to the bed. "you're going to fuck me"

"That's true. I think you're ready for me. Ready to be taken. Ready to have me in you." Heinz moved toward the bed. "Lay back and lift your legs up toward your shoulders. I need to see you." I did as I was told. I felt the cool touch of his fingers pushing into me. First one, then a second, and finally he thrust three fingers into my hole, applying liberal amounts of the cool gel to my opening. Then he stepped back and absently stroked his cock with the remainder of the lube while gazing into my eyes. "Tell me what you want."

"I want you -- your cock -- in side me. I want you to make me yours. Slide that cock into my ass and make me a woman." I was surprised by this last part -- I was just trying to play the part, but this last statement was true. I wanted him to show me how it must feel to receive your lovers cock into your body -- like my wife feels when I take her. Heinz smiled at this, and moved forward. Kneeling between my legs he gave my cock a few strokes. I moved his hand away as I didn't want to cum too soon. With that he looked me in the eyes and I felt his cock nudge my opening. I was beginning to think of it as my pussy. This brought a smile to my lips.

"Yes, do it. Push it into my pussy." I moaned, my eyes half closed, just concentrating on the sensations. My cock was throbbing and I knew it wouldn't be long before I exploded. Heinz eased forward and the head stretched me. As soon as the head was in I felt a strong twinge of pain. Heinz must have noticed. He pulled out & I felt disappointed, like I had failed him. Looking down I could see his cock. It was so hard, and shiny with the lube. Heinz held it in his fist, the head exposed, as he was pulling the loose skin back. It looked almost pointed on the end. I thought to myself that this should make it easier for him to penetrate me. The shaft had veins running up the shaft. I tilted my legs back farther to give him easier access.

"You can push out a little and it will be easier. But either way I will be going in this time, all the way" I pushed out and felt his glans touch me. Heinz applied constant pressure and he broke through my outer ring, and kept going. The pain was gone and the feeling of being filled by his cock began to be overwhelming. Heinz slowly pushed forward. I looked down and past my hard, leaking cock, I could see he wasn't even half way in. I let go of my legs, and allowed them to drop down a little. I reached my hands up around his back and pulled Heinz down onto me, driving his full length into me. We kissed. Hard. His tongue entered my mouth, and it felt so right. I never really thought about kissing a man before, but feeling his weight on me, his cock in me, and his hard lips on mine was just amazing. "Are you alright?" He asked looking into my eyes.

"Yes, please, please do it." I whined. Needing him to start moving, to take me properly. Heinz rocked his hips back and withdrew until only the head was within me. Driving back into me he began a steady rhythm and I came. I came so hard the cum spurted up between us and hit my face, the pillow, and all points between. The release was tremendous, and as my prostate contracted, sending my sperm flying out of me, my anus squeezed Heinz tightly causing him to grind deeply within me. I could feel him buried deeply. I reached down and could only feel his balls tightly pressed up against me. 

"Oh! Oh! Here it is -- I'm Cumming!" Heinz bellowed "You're so tight -- I can't hold it." He drove back into me and held still. I felt his cock spasm once, twice, three times, four I lost count as he emptied himself into me. "yes, oh yes -- that's good, take it, take my seed. Now your mine!" I felt the contractions of his penis subside as he collapsed on top of me. We were joined. Truly joined. His cock buried in my "pussy" -- giving me his warm, white cream just as he should be. His penis delivering his cum from his balls into my body. Heinz got back on his knees and withdrew his cock from me. The emptiness that followed was terrible. I longed to be filled again. His cock was still partially hard and it hung in front of me covered in lube, and cum. I wanted to suck it and sat up. The smell of lube and cum was strong & it made me so horny I was dizzy. Squeezing his shaft from the base to the tip I extracted his final drop of pearly white semen. I took the head in my mouth and sucked. Not caring that he had just been in my ass, not caring that the lube tasted like plastic -- just wanting that last drop. Heinz lay beside me and we drifted off to sleep.

I awoke about an hour later and had a raging hard on. I heard the shower running. Getting out of bed I felt Heinz cream running from my ass. Moving into the bathroom I saw Heinz lathering himself. I stepped in with him and pressed my body against him.

"Hey, how do you feel?" He asked.

"I feel great -- rested, and glad to finally have given up my cherry. Especially to this." I cupped his cock in my hand, loving the feel of the slippery lather, and his long, soft cock. The water ran over us, rinsing him off and revealing the wonder of his masculinity -- the broad hairy chest, the round belly, and that long, thick cock hanging there, looking like it needed some attention. I soaped up and cleaned myself. Heinz slid a soapy finger into my ass and I groaned. 

"Not so tight now. So I take it you liked it? We were fucking -- but soon we'll make love. I'll cum so deep in that pussy of yours that the cum will never leak out.." Heinz whispered in my ear as his finger caused me to harden. I dropped down and took him in my mouth. "Whoa -- you can't get enough can you? I can't believe you waited this long to try this." I sucked him, feeling the water run over me. Turning him I began to lick the tight bud of his anus. Heinz groaned and leaned forward giving me better access. Probing him with my tongue I heard the gasps of pleasure coming form him, but I knew what I wanted. I turned him again and took his cock deep in my mouth. Heinz took hold of my head and began fucking my mouth. Slowly at first, and then getting faster. He thrust into my mouth for a few minutes before pulling away. Stepping back, he stood looking down at me, his cock very hard, bobbing up and down with his pulse. He didn't say a word, but I knew. I stood, turned away from him, and bent over, placing my hands on the bench, offering myself to him.

All I heard form behind me was a low "Mmmmmmm", as Heinz moved to me. The water was running down the wall in front of me, as I felt his hand grasp my hip. I could hear him stroking himself, lathering with soap. I didn't know if soap was supposed to be used as a lubricant, but I was about to find out. A thumb pushed into me. My opening offered little resistance as I felt the thumb move in and out. Before I could bear down and prepare for him, I felt Heinz probe for my hole with his cock. As soon as he found it, he pushed the head in. I took him easily. The soap had lubed me well, and his hands moved to my hips. I wondered what he was doing when he held my hips tighter, swung his hips forward, and buried the entire length of his thick cock into me. The feeling of having him forced deep within me took my breath away.

"Oooh, oh, oh, yes." I mumbled as I felt him resting within me. I could feel how stretched my anus was, reaching back I felt his balls pressed against mine. They hung lower, and were clearly bigger. I reached past them and slid my finger in his ass.

"Mmmmm, I like that. Do you feel me in you? Can you feel the power of my cock inside you? You knew what I wanted, instinctively you knew your place. You offered yourself to me, wanting me to mount you." Heinz pressed harder into me, my finger slipped from his ass as I tried to maintain my balance. Grinding into me, his cock touched every surface in my "pussy", rubbing my prostate, and causing my cock to throb and jerk. Heinz started to withdraw, moving his cock out a few inches before slamming back home. He thrust into me 2, 3, 4, 5 times, slowly, but firmly. On the 5th thrust home, my own cock seemed to swell and my cum burst forth. 

"Oh yes, I'm Cumming, I'm Cumming! You fucked the cum out of me!" Heinz reached under me, stroked my cock and caught the remaining ropes of jism in his palm. His cock was still embedded in me as he pulled me upward, offering my own cum to me. I licked it form his hand, savoring the warm ,salty flavor. I could still taste my cream as he bent me forward and continued to take his pleasure. His mighty phallus used me, penetrated me, and took its time delving my depths. Just as I thought he might be getting close, I heard the doorbell. Heinz paused, then stroked into me again. Burying his bone, he paused and listened.

"Bing-bong -- Bing bong" Heinz held my hips tight against his own, grinding himself against me, into me. "That will be your wife" Heinz said.

"My, my wife?" I asked, startled. So many things began running through my head. For a moment I was ashamed, I didn't want her to see me like this, bent over, her boss's cock in my ass. Then I remembered she set this all up. She probably wanted to see exactly what was happening to me.

"Yes, I called her while you slept. She seemed very eager to join us. Shall I go let her in? Or do you want me to finish with you first? Make her wait while I inseminate you -- breed you with my seed?" Heinz was getting me so hard with his hot talk ,and his big cock grinding into me. 

"Finish with me" I pleaded. "Please cum in me" Heinz pumped into me once, twice, then pulled completely out. "Oh no." I looked back, turning, I sat on the bench, and looked at his incredible body. Hairy, thick, and seeming to quiver with masculinity. Heinz turned to the spray and cleaned himself. 

"Get cleaned up and join us at the pool." Heinz said as he toweled off, donned his robe and left the master bath. I finished my shower, and dried off. I was still hard, and had to concentrate on other things to allow my cock to deflate so I could pee. Finally I was able to start a strong stream, peeing into the toilet bowl. Feeling the warm urine rush from my cock was a great relief. Looking down I saw my cock. It looked small compared to the large one I had been focusing on for the past few hours. I put my robe on and moved to the patio.

Moving through the patio door, I saw Heinz, his robe hanging open. In front of him was Ann. She stood absently looking at the pool, and her hand was in his robe. Seeing me, she turned and took her hand from Heinz.

"Honey -- how are you? You must tell me everything. How was it taking the woman's role? Did you like it?" Ann was smiling widely, and moving her hands to the buttons on her dress. "Heinz would it be all right if I swam a little? The water looks so nice." Ann began undoing her buttons.

"Of course, make yourself at home, Ann." She did, dropping her dress on the pool deck and standing before me in a shear bra and small panties. I could clearly see her wide, dark areolas through the material of her bra. She knew I loved that one. Her left hand strayed up to her breast and tweaked a nipple, making it very hard. I could see the dark curls reaching above the top of her panties. Seeing her here like this made me hard again instantly. The scene was so heady I didn't know what to look at. Here was my beautiful wife, getting naked, standing beside the man I had been making love to all day. Heinz cock flashed into view as he turned to me.

"Mark, come here, kneel before me." Heinz said. I looked at Ann, and she was unclipping her bra, pulling it free. Her breasts swung into view and they took my breath away as they always do. She smiled and nodded to me. I hesitated for a second before moving in front of Heinz. I kneeled on the deck, and was at eye level with Heinz soft penis. It hung down thickly over his low hanging balls. The head was partially covered by his foreskin. I looked up at him, and then met her eyes. Ann ran her fingers through my hair. Then over his shaft.

"Go on honey, do it. Do what feels right." Ann encouraged. I looked up at her. The underside of her breasts were such a sexy sight. I looked over at her crotch, right beside my head. Ann tucked her finger into the waist of her panties, pulling them down a little so I could see more of her thick, lush hair. I leaned in, inhaled her scent, making my head spin, and then turned to Heinz. My hands were behind my back, clasped. I took the head of his soft cock in my mouth and sucked. Getting him good and wet, I began sucking, and sliding more & more of him in my mouth. He began swelling, becoming rigid. I finally reached up holding his shaft upward so I could lick the underside, and his big balls. I cupped his ball sack in my hand while tilting his dick down, pulling his foreskin back exposing the red, wide, head. I licked his slit, trying to insert my tongue into his cock. 

"He seems to be good at that." Ann said. I could hear the smirk in her voice. I could also hear what sounded like kissing. 

"He's a natural". Heinz said, between kisses. He seems to need this old cock."

"Did you two, I mean have you?" Ann was searching for the right words.

"Oh yes, I was balls deep in him when you rang the door bell. Isn't that right Mark? He was very disappointed because I didn't finish with him before letting you in. I thought you might like to see the big event."

I was stroking his cock and sucking hard on the big head. I could see Ann had lowered her panties, exposing that beautiful bush, and the freshly shaved lips below. I wanted her so badly. I wanted to fuck her, suck him, do everything all at once. I turned my head and licked her pussy, then returned to Heinz.

"This is so hot -- Mark you look amazing with Heinz big dick in your mouth. Do you remember when I told you about sucking him?" Ann asked breathlessly.

She reached down. Taking his shaft and stroking him while I watched. "Such a big cock, so thick, so strong. I can't wait to feel this in me."

Ann lay down on a deck chair, spreading her legs. I could see her lips glistening with her natural lubricant. I leaned over her and started licking her sweet pussy. Reaching up to pinch her nipples, I found Heinz' cock being rubbed against the nipple, trailing pre-cum and leaving her nipple shiny. Of course I moved up and sucked her nipple clean. Taking a quick suck of his cock, I moved up to kiss Ann, and Heinz introduced his cock between our lips. I looked into her eyes as we both licked him, His shaft slid back and forth between us. I reached down and slid my cock into her. The warmth, and wetness that enveloped me was breathtaking. I closed my eyes and just rested inside her. The familiar feeling of her pussy holding my cock made me forget about my surroundings. In my present position, straddling the deck chair, my cock in Ann, I had left myself completely exposed. I felt something cold and wet touch my anus. 
