 This is part 1 of an ongoing series. It's just an intro with only a blow job scene. In future chapters there will be more including forced feminization, anal, humiliation and much much more. Hope you enjoy my story. All characters involved in sex are 18 or older. This is from the perspective of a black teenager as he turns a sissy nerd into his bitch. 

*****

Daniel Martin... 

That kid is picked on more than most people in this school. Mostly because he's small, meek, and looks more like a girl than most of the girls in this school. I wouldn't say he's skinny because he's got the widest hips I've ever seen, but his upper body is the stereotypical nerd torso. 

His ass though... Damn, he's got an ass most girls would be jealous of. Most of the time I can't stop thinking of what it would feel like to have my big black dick 9 inches deep in that ass. Or his pink luscious lips wrapped around it. 

Unfortunately, being the starting wide receiver for Santa Barbara, I've got a certain rep to uphold. And it wouldn't look good if I was seen banging a band sissy. Especially a geek like Daniel who's the target of many bullies. Everyone takes a shot at that kid. 

But still... it's very tempting. What I would do to get him under me, taking my dick like a good little faggot. 

--

Sitting in math class is a rather bore. Fortunately, Daniel's in my class. Today he's wearing those skin-tight jeans and an Aratheon t-shirt that clings to his skin. 

The worst or best part of school is I'm stuck with this eye candy all day long. He's in every single one of my classes. The kid's smart, there's no doubt about that. Don't get me wrong, I'm not the typical stupid ass jock. My parents made sure of it. My dad is a successful entrepreneur. He demands excellence from me, both on the field and in the classroom. 

As we pile out of class after the bell rings, I trail that sissy to our next class. A few people give me high fives and tell me what a great game I had last Friday. Some of my teammates hit me up, but I keep my eyes on that fat ass of his.

"Move it, fucking faggot," Brett Marshall says as he wacks Daniels books out of his hands, scattering all over the hall. Brett's a punk, but he's my teammate. Great linebacker and starting power forward on the basketball team. We're not friends by any means, just teammates. 

"You don't have to be an ass, Brett," I say as I kneel down to help the guy out. He looks up at me with those sky blue eyes. I can see he's on the verge of crying and all I can think about is how hot it'd be to shove my dick down his throat. 

I just want to grab his messy brown hair and fuck his face. 

"Why are you being nice to me?" he asks. 

"Not all jocks are assholes," I tell him as I hand him his books. "Why do you haul all these books around?" 

"My locker is on the other side of the school," he says, brushing his hair out of his face and adjusting his glasses. 

"That sucks," I say, while I get a good glimpse of that ass as he bends over and grabs the last of his books. I just want to yank his pants down, spread them cheeks and drill that ass until I deposit a big load of semen in it. "By the way, I noticed we're in the same math class." 

"We're in all the same classes," he says as we continue on to our Gov class. 

"Right... You know, I could use a study buddy like you," I admit. Not that I need someone to help me with math. Math comes easily to me. I just want an excuse to get him over to my house... Alone.

"Like me? You mean, you want someone who'll do your homework for you?" he asks.

"Do I look like I need someone to do my homework? I'm not the stupid jock you might think I am," I tell him. "I just want someone who takes their class work as serious as I do." 

His face turns bright red as he tears his eyes away from mine. "I'm sorry... I didn't mean to assume."

"It's all good, I'm just messin with ya. So what do ya say? Study buddy?" I ask. His eyes go wide as he looks back up at me. 

"Uh... sure! Okay, yeah!" 

"Great! Why don't you come over to my house after practice and we'll finish up the math homework and study for the upcoming test," I suggest.

"Yeah... except, I don't have a car..." he says.

"No problem... If you want, you can wait up here and I'll give you ride after practice," I tell him. "Hell, you can even watch us practice if you want."

"Really!?" he asks. "What about Brett?" 

"Don't worry about Brett," I tell him. "I'll make sure no one picks on you."

"Really?" He looks up at me with those eyes... Eyes as blue as the ocean. His face just has that natural innocence about it. It makes my dick hard. 

"Yeah... stick with me and no one will touch you." Nobody but me. 

--

As we make our way out to the practice field I see Daniel off in the corner with his books. I can't believe he came. He's a gazelle in the lion's den. He looks up at us as we start stretching. "Oh my god, wow... What's that faggot sitting on our field for?" Brett asks. 

"Hey, leave him alone, he's my little faggot," I tell Brett.

"What!? Did you jump to the other side?" he asks. 

"What if I did? I mean, you can't tell me you wouldn't what that sissy's lips wrapped around your cock? I bet he's got the tightest asshole ever."

"Wow, you are a fag!" 

"If getting your dick sucked is gay then I'm a total fag." 

"He's kinda got a point," Adam says. "Ain't nothing gay about getting your dick suck. Besides, nerdboy over there looks more like a girl than half the sluts you've slept with, Brett."

"Whatever..." 

Coach blows the whistle and we get practice started. 

After doing some sprints and drills, we ran some plays. Out of the 8 passes that were thrown to me, I didn't drop a single one. 

When practice finally ended, I was quick to tear my pads off and leave. I find Daniel waiting for me outside. Fuck, if he grew hair out a little longer, I wouldn't be able to tell if he was a guy. Especially with that ass. Perfect bubble butt. And his lips, definitely dick sucking lips. I'm going to be having this sissy sucking my big black cock by the end of the night...

Gear in one hand, I sling my other arm around his shoulder. "Let's head over to my house." 

Leading him over to my convertible Audi, I toss my shit in the back and hop in the driver's seat. He meagerly climbs in and we're off. 

It doesn't take long before we roll up at my house. His eyes light up as we pull in the drive. I don't think he's ever seen a house this big. "This is where you live?" he asks.

"Yeah, where did you think I lived, some fucking ghetto? Just because I'm black doesn't mean I'm poor." 

He tenses up.

"Relax, I'm just fucking with ya." 

We get out and head in. I put my hand on the small of his back and lead him through the large glass door.

I toss my shit down and lead him up the giant white staircase to my room. Once in my bedroom, I gesture him to sit down on the bed and start tearing off my clothes. "I'm going to take a quick shower and wash the stink off if that's alright with you." 

As soon as I pull my trunks down, his eyes go straight to my flaccid 8-inch cock. "Uhh... Yeah... sure."

"You act like you've never seen a dick before." 

Immediately his face burns bright red as he looks up at me. "I... I..."

"Want to touch it?" 

His eyes go wide. "What!?" 

"Do you want to touch it," I make sure to emphasize every word. 

"I... uh... I'm not gay." 

"I highly doubt that. Come on, no straight boy would stare at a cock like that." 

The way he bites down on his bottom lip makes my dick twitch. I don't know how much more of this I can take. I just want to dominate this little sissy white boy and make him my bitch.

I start stroking my cock as I slowly walk up to him. My dick is literally only a couple of inches from his feminine face. He can't take those baby blue eyes off it. Slowly, I run my fingers through his soft brown hair, grabbing a handful and pulling him closer to my cock. 

His luscious lips touch my the tip of my dick. His reluctance shatters as he parts his them, letting the head of my cock slip in. 

His eyes look into mine as I pull his head down on my cock, shoving more of it into his mouth. He gags as my dick reaches the entrance to his throat. Both of my hands have fists full of his hair and I start feeding him my cock, using his mouth as a pocket pussy. 

His dainty little hands run up my thighs my cock pushes against his throat once more. Tears well down his eyes as he spits and coughs on my dick. He tries to push off, but I held him there. "Swallow it, baby."

Those baby blue eyes close shut. My dick plunges down his throat as he opens up, swallowing it whole. His nose bumps into my pubes as I hilt my dick balls deep inside his mouth. I can see his neck bulge out as my dick clogs his throat. He's going to make one sexy ass sissy when I'm done with him. 

I let go of him and my dick pops off his mouth as he coughs and gags. "Take your clothes off." 

He looks up at me all wide-eyed like a doe in the headlights. "Wait... what?" 

"You heard me, I want you to take your clothes off."

"But..."

"No buts, I want to see that beautiful body of yours." I pull him off the bed and take my seat on it, all the while stroking my big fat dick. "Don't be shy, let me see all of you."

He stands their lost for words. I guess I'm going to have to give him a hand. The poor kid's probably frozen with fear. So many kids body shame the poor boy for having such a girlish figure, he's probably ashamed of it. 

I pull him closer as my fingers find the bottom of his shirt. I slowly pull it up and over his head. His skin is pretty flawless. Not chubby, but not too skinny either. He's got a flat stomach and chest. My fingers rub up against his nipple and slowly make their way down his stomach, such soft skin. I unsnap his pants and slowly drag them down. No way! He's got on Aratheon underwear. They hug his fat ass perfectly. Almost like panties.

This white boy was made to be fucked. 

He holds onto my shoulders as I lift one leg after the other and drag his pants off. I see the tiny bulge in his underwear, rubbing my hands over it, his little pecker is as hard as a rock. I give him the turn around sign with my fingers and he hesitantly shows that ass to me. 

Sinking my fingers beneath the hem of his underwear, inch by inch, I pull them down revealing the sexiest ass I've ever seen. Not a single hair below his head.

I give his ass a hard slap, making him groan out. He looks back at me. "Why are you doing this?" 

I pull him down in my lap. "Because I want to make you my bitch. Here's the deal, Daniel... You become my little sissy slut and no one... not even Brett will ever bully you."

"Wha... What's that entail?" 

"Obviously that means not only are you going to be my personal cock sucker, but I'm going to fuck that tight ass of yours whenever I want." 

His eyes go wide. "I don't know... Won't that hurt?" 

"For the first time, yeah, it'll hurt. But I promise, once that ass gets stretched out, you're gonna love it. You'll crave by big black dick." 

My hand slides down his back causing him to tense up. I grab his ass as my fingers zip down the crack of his butt finding his tight little rosebud.

"How badly do you want to be popular?" I ask him. "I can make that happen. As long as you submit this ass of yours to me and become my bitch." 

Before he can even say anything, I grab his hair and pull him in for a kiss. My tongue batters it's way into his mouth as my finger sinks into his tight asshole. He squirms as my digit sinks to the first knuckle.

"Now, if you want my protection from Bret, get on your knees and start sucking my dick."

He bites his lower lip as he looks into my eyes with those baby blue orbs. As the last bit of his resistance diminishes, he sinks to his knees and slips my cock between his lips. "That's it, bitch. Suck my big black dick." 

I grab a handful of hair and start bobbing his head up and down on my cock. "Urrghh, fuck... Wrap those dick sucking lips tightly around my cock and suck." 

His cheeks collapse as he inhales my dick like a popsicle. "That's it, now swirl the tongue around the tip of it." 

He obeys, giving the head of my cock a girl swirly. "You're a natural cock sucker, you know that?" 

Those eyes as blue as the sky look up at me as his cheeks turn a rosy shade of pink. "Don't be embarrassed, it's a compliment." 

I slam his head all the way down, popping my dick inside his throat. His nose once again meets my pubes. He coughs and starts choking on my dick. I pull his head up off my dick. As my cock falls from his lips, he coughs and gags up spit. With my other hand, I grab my cock and start smacking those beautiful lips. Then I plunge my cock back between his lips.

With one swift move, I flip him on his back, resting his head on the bed as I stand over him, sinking my cock down his throat. I start fucking his face hard. My balls slap his chin as my cock slams down his throat. Tears fall from his eyes as I continue to hump his face. The sound of him gurgling on chock on my dick fill the room. 

I slide my hand through his hair and grip a handful as I use his mouth as a fuckhole. He just takes it. To be honest, degrading him like a whore isn't what I truly want, but I can't help myself. Whenever I'm around this beautiful girly boy, I lose control. Primal instincts take over and all I can think about is breeding him like a bitch. 

As long as I'm being truthful to myself, I actually like him. Not just as a fuckhole or because he stirs some deeply filled lust within me, but I honestly have a crush on him. I actually like all the geeky things he's into. I'll never admit it to my teammates or parents, but deep down I'm kind of a nerd too. 

And while I'm being honest, as I sink my dick down his throat. I want to make him my girlfriend. Yes, I mean it. I think he'd look amazing in a dress with some makeup on. Some soft lace panties, maybe one of them training bras. I'd take him on dates. We'd see one of those Aratheon movies. Then we'd spend all night with my dick up that tight ass of his. I'd fill his thicc bum up with load after load of my seed. 

Speaking of cum, I'm about to blow a load down his throat. "Fuck!" 

A riptide of pleasure crashes through me as my cock explodes down his throat, shooting a thick load of cum straight into his stomach. He coughs and sputters as I pull my dick out, leaving the tip still inside his mouth. I drop another load, filling up his mouth, a little bit of cum drools out between his lips. Like a good little sissy, he swallows it all. And you know I've got to mark my territory. 

So I pull my dick from his lips and paint his face with one last load of cum. Damn, he looks so hot with my seed all over his girly face. 

"Now it's official, you're mine." 

He goes to wipe his face off. "Unless you're going to swallow all that cum, leave it." 

He looks up at me with those eyes as blue as the ocean. The look on his face is one of fear, shame, and humiliation. Part of me wants to pull him into my arms and kiss him. Tell him everything's going to be alright. The rest of me wants to fuck him like a slut and continue to degrade him. 

I take my finger and swipe up a load of cum just below his eye and feed it to him. He licks it up without hesitation. 

"I'm going to take a shower, feel free to lick the rest of it up." 

It doesn't take long to clean myself up. I walk back in my room to find him fully clothed and the cum off his face is mostly gone. I shed my towel and his eyes fall down to my cock. "Don't worry, baby. You'll get more of this dick. Tomorrow I'm going to pop your anal cherry and make you fully my bitch."

"Please... Please don't tell anyone about this." 

"Ha... who gives a shit what other people think. I want the entire school to know you're mine." Wrapping my arm around his waist, I pull him close to me and press my lips against his. I stroke his cheek with my thumb as I wrap my hand around his delicate face. He melts in my arms as my tongue explores the inside of his mouth. My other hand sinks down and grabs his ass.

Finally, I let go of him and break away. 

He bites his lip as he looks up at me with those sapphires. "Aren't you afraid people will find out you're gay?" 

"Is it really gay getting your dick sucked? Or fucking a hot little sissy like you in the ass? I don't think so. Besides, who's going to say something to my face? And to be honest, I don't give a shit if it's gay or not." I grab his hand and lock my fingers between his. "Now come on, I'll take you home." 

"But... If people find out that I sucked your dick, they're going to humiliate me," he says as I lead him downstairs. 

"Trust, me... By tomorrow, everyone's going to know you sucked my dick. No one's going to lay a finger on you or say a word." 

"What!? But... How?" 

I stop as we reach the bottom of the stairs and lift his chin up to me. "I'm going to make damn sure everyone knows you're mine. If anyone even so much as says a word to you, I'll kick their ass. Didn't I tell you I'd protect you?" 

He nods his head. "Now let's get you home. Tomorrow's your first day as my girlfriend." 

"Girlfriend? What!?" His eyes go wide.

"Didn't I say I was going to make you my sissy bitch?" The look on his face is priceless. "Don't worry, we'll take it slow, but eventually, I want you to start wearing panties, a dress, and some makeup." 

"No, I can't do that! What am I going to tell my foster family?" 

"Why not tell them the truth? You're really a sissy deep down and now you're finally embracing it." 

"Please, don't make me do it." 

"Hush, baby. Don't worry. As I said, we'll take it slow."

As we walk out the door, Tanesha my fraternal twin sister pulls up in her Camaro. "Oh my god! No, you didn't! Did you finally fuck that white boy!?"

"Relax, he just gave me blow job. I'm going to pop his anal cherry tomorrow." 

She laughs her ass off. "I can't believe you're actually going through with it. Let me guess, you'll want me to get him all dolled up next?" 

"Tanesha, you know me all too well... It's like we're twins or something."

"Shit, I'm going to have so much fun with this white boy. By the time I'm done with him, he'll look hotter than most of the bitches in our school. I've always wanted a gay friend like him to go shopping with and dress up." 

"Alright, well I gotta take him home. I'll talk to you later." 

It doesn't take us long before we're at his house. Kinda run down shabby ass shack, really. I sink my hand in his soft hair and pull him in for one last kiss before he quickly gets out. I can't take my eyes off that ass of his as he hustles inside, giving me one last glance before disappearing behind his front door. 

I can't wait for tomorrow!

***

I'm hope you enjoyed my story. Feel free to give it an honest review. If you liked it, please follow me. Leave any questions or feedback you have in the comment section.