 All rights reserved - this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.

*

"Mark, I need to talk to you about Heinz." My wife said after dinner.

"Your boss?" I asked.

"Yes, who else?"

"OK - what about him."

"Well, we were talking & I mentioned to him that you were curious." She said.

"Curious?" I asked, knowing what she meant. I had admitted to Ann that I had bi-curious feelings after she found the photos on my hard drive. She was viewing all my pics of hot women with big tits and hairy bushes (my favorite, which she knows...she has 38DD breasts with wide, dark areola and a full, dark bush that she rarely trims, let alone shaves) when she came across a folder marked 'untitled'.

"What's this - new photos?" she asked. I tried to stop her, but she opened the first JPEG, and a close up of a large, erect penis appeared on the screen. It had obviously just cum - it's pearly white cream trialing down the sack below. She opened another , then another. Photo after photo of cocks - some hard, some soft, some with cum, some close ups of the mushroom head. She smiled at me knowingly.

"So.....these turn you on?" She purred.

"Well, it's not that....I don't get turned on by them." I insisted, weakly.

"Of course you do - why wouldn't you? Penises are beautiful - their long, veiny shafts, nice purple heads, and the sexy way the balls hang in their sack - I love to look at them - I love sucking your cock until it...." she trailed off as she flipped through more photos.

I was listening intently & reached down to stroke myself through my slacks.

"Ah-ha! You do like them, don't you?....That's so hot! What do you like about this on? I want to hear everything!" She opened a file showing a big cock spurting a rope of cream on a woman's nipple.

"I like.....I...." I stammered, knowing my secret was out, but the smile on her face told me she was turned on. "I like the look of the hot cum shooting onto her nipple", I said, trying to emphasize the fact there was a woman involved.

"Really? What about all these other photos? The ones that just show all these dicks close up?" She asked.

"OK, OK, They make me hard - I like to imagine touching a cock. Not a man!" I added quickly, "I'm attracted to cocks, but it's not like I'd date a guy, or want to kiss a guy or something."

"So you'd like to touch a man's penis? That's tough to do without having a man around." She smirked. "What else would you like to do to it?" She asked, turning to the monitor and pointing her fingertip, caressing the large hole in the mushroom-like head. I noticed her other hand brushed over her nipple and lingered to pinch the hard tip.

"OK - I'll play" I said, getting into the game. "I fantasize about stroking a cock, and making it hard..."

"And...."she asked, pinching her nipple hard.

"I'd like to lick it. Lick the shaft & taste it, maybe take it in my mouth." I said, easing back into my chair and rubbing myself through my pants. I was so hard it hurt now.

"Really..." she moaned, " Mmmmm - I'd like to see that - would you suck it?"

"Yes" I answered too quickly, my eagerness showing. "I'd suck the tip and hold his balls talking him as deep as possible."

"Unzip your fly" she commanded, "Take your cock out". I did as she wanted, releasing my cock, which strained upward, reaching it's full 7 inches. I was so horny it was making me dizzy.

"Don't touch it yet" she said, "tell me, do you want his cum? Will you swallow?"

"Mmmm, I'd wait till I felt his balls pull up tight, then suck the head really hard hoping to get all he had to give."

"Do you know what that can be like? have you tried this yet?, her hands began to move down to her lap.

"No - not yet" I said, looking down at my throbbing prick, a large drop of pre-cum glistening in the light from the computer screen. "I've been ashamed of wanting it"

"Noooo, you shouldn't be ashamed, it's natural." She moaned, " I've sucked a lot of cocks, I'll tell you...it's so amazing....the head gets really hard, then it spasm, and a spurt of hot sperm hits your tongue. Then more comes out, spurt after spurt, and you taste his sweet semen. It's salty, and sweet , and warm and you'll swallow it, taking his essence into you." She whispered, "Reach down and bring that drop of pre-cum to your tongue.

I did as she commanded, tasting the sweet, clear liquid.

"Now swallow.....there, now you've officially swallowed sperm. Nothing to it!"

Once I heard that, I lost it - starting to spurt my cum all over my hand, as I tried to contain the geyser. After the tremors subsided, I sat there, still hard with a palm full of cum. This wasn't just a harmless drop of pre-cum, but at least 3 tablespoons of thick, white cream.

"I can tell you're still excited" Ann said, "Now you know what to do" she slipped to the floor, took my cock in her mouth and sucked hard. The sensation was incredible! I looked past her to the picture on the screen, the erection I longed to feel. She sucked hard, bobbing her head, and I knew I would cum again soon. I felt her fingers moving my hand up toward my face & I understood just as my hand brought the semen to my mouth, and I tasted it's warm saltiness, I swallowed it down and came in Ann's mouth. My sperm entering and leaving my body. Both my beautiful wife and I enjoying the offering of warm, white cream, and I knew I had to try this again soon.

Since then we had discussed it off & on - mostly while we were in the middle of particularly hot sex. This was the first time she had brought it up in conversation while we were wearing clothes. Hearing her talk about her boss over the dinner table made me realize it may be time to make this fantasy a reality. She went on.

"You know....." She said softly, staring intently at me over the dinner table. "His wife had told me at our Christmas party that he's always been bi, and she likes him to play once in a while so he has stories to tell her. She also said he's very big, and ever since I've been dying to get a look. I hadn't seen it up to this point, but one time he came to the company picnic in tight sweatpants, and you could tell he was huge - I could see the head outlined clearly."

"Listening to her go on about this man's equipment was making me a little jealous, but I had to admit - also pretty turned on. I wanted to hear more.

Chapter 2

"So last weekend at our corporate retreat, we were both a little tipsy, and all the others had left for the hotel and the subject just kind of came up." Ann said. " he mentioned something about the waitress being very hot, and it came out that he was frustrated."

"It's been at least six weeks since I've had any kind of sex." Ann's boss sighed.

"What about your wife?" Ann Asked.

"She's been out of town for almost a month" he said.

"Do you ever have fun with anyone else?" Ann asked, mischievously.

"Hmmm? What do you mean? is that a proposition?" He asked with a comically raised eyebrow.

My wife became a little flushed while recalling this part, and went on.

"Well, I don't cheat on my husband, but I could help you out..." she trailed off.

"Well, I'm not going to pass up an offer like that. What do you have in mind?" he asked.

"Let's go into the men's room & I'll see what I can do." I couldn't believe my ears as my wife told me this story. Had she actually fucked this old guy in the men's room? She and I had played around a bit, but not for years.

"We went into the washroom, and made our way into the largest stall. I was glad to see it was spotless, and after closing the lid, I sat on the toilet. Heinz stood in front of me and made no move, waiting to see what would happen. I pulled him closer until his crotch was directly in front of me. I didn't unbuckle his belt, just undid his zipper. Reaching in with one hand while holding open his fly with the other, I fumbled though the opening of his boxers, and my hand found the warm flesh contained within. Wrapping my fingers around the shaft, I pulled out his magnificent cock. I pulled the shaft upward, and was pleased to see that I had enough room to ease his big testicles out of his pants as well. I looked up at him, and he was looking down at me with a look of pride on his face. Sliding my eyes down his tie, over his prominent belly, straight for the prize before me. his cock hangs down over his big balls, reaching at least six inches in it's soft state. I was expecting him to be uncircumcised, due to his age, and I was right. I leaned forward and nuzzled my face against his big package, holding his balls in my left hand, I started to stroke his shaft. he was quickly getting harder and I heard him groan. His big penis was hard enough now to point toward me, my mouth ached to take him inside. His hips swung forward slightly and the big , flared head nudged my lips. I held him by the base, kissed the tip, and pulled back his foreskin to prepare him to be serviced. "

My mouth had gone dry listening to my wife describe this scene. She was so descriptive, I could see it as though I was there. She went on.

"I opened my mouth wide and took the head inside. Swirling my tongue around the head I heard his breathing quicken. Then I noticed a full length mirror on the sidewall of the stall. I looked over at the sight. Here was a tall, fully clothed executive with grey hair having his regal cock sucked by a kneeling woman. it seemed so 'right' , you know?"

I was becoming uncomfortably hard in my pants as she went on. her story had me openly stroking myself through my pants, trying not to shoot before I heard more.

"I decide I didn't want to wait, so I sucked him hard and stroked his shaft. Within seconds his big nuts started to pull up and he groaned.

"Ooooh, I'm so close, can I cum in your mouth Ann?"

"You better" Ann said, quickly taking him back in her mouth. "I pumped a couple more times and he jerked forward, holding my head in his hands. His cock spasmed and I felt the first long spurt of his warm, white release. The warm cream pooled on my tongue as he sprayed four, five more times, his long cock passing his sperm into me. I tasted his sweet, salty cream and then swallowed it all, sucking the last few drops from his deflating cock, before placing it back in his pants."

That was all I could take, I shot a stream of cum straight up into my face. Two more strong jets followed. I couldn't believe the force behind it as I tasted my spend.

"Enjoy that honey - I know you love to taste your cum, but soon you'll experience another man's. I've arranged for you to meet Heinz to experience his nectar direct from the source. I told him you were submissive, and would take the woman's role, accepting his huge cock wherever he wants."

Coming back to my senses, I looked up at Ann. She was grinning and had scooped a large drop of my cream from my chin. Looking at the pearly drop, I thought she was going to lick it from her finger. Instead she moved her fingers to my mouth, offering me the last drop of my own seed. I took her finger in my mouth, sucking the precious fluid from her. She moaned and sat back down.

"Oh, you make me so wet" she hissed. "you're still hard too. I'm going to bend over this chair, I want you deep inside me while I tell you the rest ...." With that she stood, pushed her skirt and panties down over her wide hips, exposing her incredible full bush. I could tell she was wet as her luxurious hair was glistening near her lips, and pressed flat by the confines of her panties. Just the glimpse of her bare lips and brown pussy hair trailing up toward her belly button got me super hard. As she turned and bent over the chair and looked back at me, I grabbed the base of my cock and moved toward her. I felt her wetness almost immediately as my glans nudged her swollen pussy lips. Ann pushed back, I surged forward and sank into her as deep as I could.

"Aaaaah! Oh! That's so good!" Ann moaned. She reached between her legs and grasped my balls holding me still, feeling every inch that was buried inside her. Every vein, every ridge of my cock-head. I was bathing in her warm wetness - the sensation was so complete. The fact that I could still taste my sperm made me that much hotter. She started to roll her hips, needing the friction. I took the opportunity to pull out completely. Before she could protest I lubricated my index finger by sliding it between her wet lips, then slid it into her inviting anus as my cock found it's way home to her womb.

"Oh, oh fuck me! FUCK ME!" Ann grunted.

"I thought you were going to tell me the rest of the story?" I teased, pretending that I was in control for the moment.

"in a minute....but first....Fuck Me! Fuck me! - Oh - like that - like that!" Ann was getting close to coming, I could feel my hard cock with the finger I had buried in her ass - this always made her cum. "Ooooh yes! Take me - Take me! Cum inside me, fill me with your hot spunk! oh fuck meeeee - you cock sucker!!"

This last part was a first. I hadn't ever been called that before, but hearing Ann call me a cocksucker did the trick. I buried myself in her and came. I pumped all the sperm I had left into her, all the while feeling her orgasm rhythmically squeezing it from my balls.

We disengaged, Ann moved to the couch, reclining with her legs spread.

"Now get over here" she said, "look at the mess you've made of my pretty little pussy."

I looked at her. She had her blouse un-done, one breast exposed. The wide, dark areola relaxed and showing a pale blue vein running along it's edge. Her pussy was completely exposed, the lips swollen, but touching in the centre. The natural bush of hair extending from above her clit up to each side, and trailing off to nothing as it extended up past the crease left by her panty waistband. The only part of her she did trim was her lips, and they glistened with our juices.

"Look at this, kneel in front of me." She sounded forceful. As I obeyed, she reached down, spreading her lips. Bearing down, a large dollop of pearly white semen appeared. I wasn't really too excited any more, having just cum, but I was starting to come around already. "Come closer...." She said, sounding coy. As I placed my hands on her knees she reached for my head, pulling me within inches of her pussy. The musk from her was starting to work on me, my desire growing. "I think you should clean me. Lick all that sperm out of me and if you do it well, I'll tell you more about Heinz."

I leaned in and kissed her clit, pulling back a little to get my bearings I extended my tongue to scoop up the white drop.

"Mmmmm, yes, that's it....Oh yeah! Here's some more." Ann clenched her vaginal muscles and a large load of my cum slid out of her into my mouth. I greedily swallowed and kept licking, extending my hand to pinch her erect nipple.

"Yes, yes, now my ass, lick my ass!"

I moved down trailing my tongue down to her rosebud anus. I tried to penetrate, but she squeezed tight as she began trembling with orgasm. Her contractions caused another big glob of semen to spill from her - I extended the tip of my finger, scooped it up and lifted the sweet fluid toward her face. Just as she opened her mouth to accept my gift, I diverted my hand, depositing the silvery cream on her nipple.

"Not so fast" I said. With that she quickly brought her breast to her own mouth, sucking the nipple. This always blows my mind when she sucks her own nipple, but with the cum, I felt my cock stiffen again. I couldn't believe how hot this was. She leaned in to kiss m, our tongues struggling with each other, swapping the sweet sperm back and forth. I had never felt closer to Ann.

Chapter 3

So we sat down o the couch, adjusting our clothes to get comfortable. Her nipple was still visible and I couldn't help but stare at it. The dark brown nub starting to relax, and widen, along with her areola. It made me want to take it in my mouth again.

"Heinz's wife is away this weekend. He said he'd like you to stop by for a 'swim'". Ann said, smoothing her skirt over her legs.

"Whoa, whoa, how did that come up? What did you two talk about?" I asked, wondering how it all came to this. My wife, setting me up for an encounter with an older man I'd only met briefly on a few occasions.

"Well, after we went back to our booth in the bar, we just naturally started to talk about our sex lives..."

"Thank you Ann - that was a huge help." Heinz said, sounding formal and business like. "I should sleep much better tonight".

"Thank you, I'm glad I finally got to see that big cock I've been thinking about. How big is it anyway?"

"Well, I've never really...."

"Oh, come on, all men measure them." Ann said.

"OK, OK, it's just little under nine inches, my wife always says it's too big." Heinz lamented.

"Wow, that's too bad for her. That's the biggest I've seen!" Ann exclaimed.

"What would your husband think about what we just did?" Heinz asked.

"Gary knows I play around a bit. He'll actually love hearing all about it - I think he's bisexual, so I'll really give him a description of your big dick." Ann said, hoping this would start Heinz thinking about introducing Gary to Bi-sex, knowing he was the 'Authoritarian' type that would really make it great for Gary's first time. "he'd love to see that."

"Oh, is that right? Why do you think that?" Heinz asked.

"I found a file on his computer of photos of cocks." Ann stated, "I figure he's the typical bi-curious married man. I know he loves me, I can tell by the way he reacts to the female body, and mine in particular." Ann said, "but he's turned on by looking at men's dicks too. He wants to try something new. I've talked to him about it, and he's really turned on by his fantasy of servicing an older man."

"An older man? What would you say if I told you I am also bi?" Heinz said with a grin.

"Really? I'm shocked!" Ann said, "actually I think that's very hot, do you think there's a chance you two could..."

"You're not shocked Ann, I know my wife told you about my interests. She told me you got very interested when she said I had a big one." Heinz said, "I think you've been trying to set this up for a while."

"Actually, no. I have been trying to see that big cock ever since I spoke to your wife, but this other thing just came up." She said, "you're perfect for Gary's first time. You're the older man, 'Alpha Male' he's been longing for. Dignified, powerful, and very well hung. His fantasy!"

"Well, if you say so" Heinz said, sounding more intrigued.

"What sort of things would you two do, or try?" Ann asked, anxious to hear details.

"Well, I don't want to be indelicate" Heinz qualified.

"Please, I'd love to hear it." Ann said, really hoping to hear something dirty form this dignified older man.

"Your husband...."

"Gary" Ann cut him off.

"Right, Gary should be prepared to engage in a lot of oral sex. I expect my lovers to kneel before me, take my penis in their mouth and service me. I would generally start things with this right away. After I'm very hard, we would shower, maybe more sucking, perhaps a sixty nine. After we had both cum, we would rest. maybe watch a video, and then the main event."

"The main event?" Ann asked, knowing what he meant, but not having thought about it before now. She was talking about Gary giving a blowjob. She hadn't brought up the possibility of her husband getting fucked. The idea got her very hot.

"Yes, once Gary is ready, I'll have him suck me again until I'm fully erect, then I'll take him properly. He will find out what it's like to be a woman, to be penetrated by a man, and give him his body to be used for the superior man's pleasure." Heinz stated, matter of factly.

"Does that usually hurt the first time?" Ann asked.

"Yes. We'll use plenty of lubricant, but the first time I enter him, he will feel pain. This will subside quickly though, and by the time I'm in him all the way, he'll be begging for more." Heinz said.
