 Not really a story, per se. Just a dad-on-dad sex romp based on a recent encounter with a good friend.

* * * * * * *

Friday Night

* * * * * * *

It was near the end of a long Friday at work when my phone alerted me that I'd received a text. The ring tone told me exactly who'd sent it; Charles. He's a cherubic little man in his early sixties I've been playmates with for a few years now.

"Fuck me, Daddy!" it read.

I smiled, knowing where I would be spending my weekend as I tapped out my reply.

"Been a tough week. Be ready and waiting."

I pushed send and got a mental image of him lighting up as he read it. He barely breaks five and a half feet in height and weighs over 250 pounds. His hairless skin is youthfully flawless and bright pink. His curvaceous, rotund physique is as soft to the touch as foam rubber inside freshly laundered linen.

He doesn't sport the kind of fat that sags and droops. Rather, his build is the kind that is so gloriously globe shaped you would mistake it for firm until you sink your fingers into it. Everything about him is full and lusciously round, and he exhibits himself with a sense of pride I find admirable and refreshing.

At twelve years his junior I stand a tad over six feet with the round-bellied build of a retired strongman competitor. As such I'm no stranger to men throwing themselves at me for sex only to watch them retreat into fears of inadequacy once we get naked. 

I weigh a little over 300 pounds and I'm proud to say they're each one very solid. I worked like a dog for more than thirty years for every ounce of muscular bulk I could pack onto my frame before having to leave my weightlifting endeavors behind, so I make no apology for the way I present to others. But for the life of me I'll never understand why some men act as though they prize nothing more than the opportunity to bed a man like me only to crumple and withdraw when confronted with the reality of their desires.

I've never had to worry about that where Charles is concerned. He's a total bottom who's completely fascinated by our physical differences. The muscular hardness of my round physique is as striking to him as the softness of his is to me, and he's completely uninhibited in the boyish delight he takes in that.

To this day, in spite of the many times he's offered himself up for me to fuck through the years, once we're both naked he gushes over the masculine traits he admires in me as though he's discovering them for the first time. He always starts by straddling my furry thighs as I stretch out and plopping his Rubenesque pinkness down onto my lap to compare our cocks.

To be honest the size of my cock is something I've never given much thought to. Unlike my 'daddy bear' body, which I had to work for, Mother Nature simply handed me that. As for its size, it's always just been the baseline for my perception of what's big or small. 

I've played with some that were longer and others that were thicker. It was only after I'd been out for a few years that I began to catch on to how few out-sized it in both dimensions. After nearly thirty years I can still count the number of those on one hand.

The first time Charles set eyes on it he immediately fetched a tape measure to satisfy his curiosity. It came up over seven and a quarter inches in length and broke five and a half inches in circumference at mid-shaft.

"Bruiser of a dick there! You can be proud of that one, alright!" he exclaimed and then broke out in a hardy laugh.

"What?"

"This!" he said as he pressed the end of the tape deep into his plush pad.

His barely broke four inches in length and didn't quite reach the four inch mark in girth. His little balls resided in a sac so tightly drawn, even at their most relaxed, as to almost not show when he was standing. He hefted mine up so that they spilled over the heel of his hand.

"A real man's man you are," he sighed with a lusty grin as he dropped them to knead his chubby little fingers in the curly hair on my chest.

And that's been the tone of our interaction for more than ten years now. I eyed my office clock and grew antsy, shifting to accommodate my hardening cock as I looked forward to being showered in his energetic affections. Taking care of the last detail, I cleared my desk and then headed home to put a bag together.

I arrived at his nice but modest home and let myself in. I still don't know how he came into his money but he's never had to work in all the time I've known him.

"Honey! I'm home!" I jested.

"Hi, Barry! Still flushing myself out," I heard him say from the bath in his bedroom, "Fix us a couple of drinks and I'll be right with you."

I set my bag down, kicked my loafers off and then went to the bar in his den to do as he'd said, mixing us two scotches with soda. Setting his drink on the table at his end of the sofa, I sat on the middle cushion and took my first sip. Soon he appeared in the doorway, naked as the day he was born, and jokingly struck a Marilyn Monroe type pose.

There's nothing feminine about him, in spite of his near total lack of body hair and curvaceous plumpness. His fatherly face is quite masculine and handsome; almost perfectly round with nice, full lips that turn up at the corners of his mouth even when he isn't smiling. He's bald as an eagle except for the little ring of hair that outlines his ears and the nape of his almost non-existent neck. His ears stick out just enough to give him the most boyishly cute look of innocence. 

I looked at the pucker that hid his uncut 'boy cock', residing deep in his pad above the contour you could only recognize as his balls by the distinct line that runs down the middle of it. I laughed and patted the cushion between me and his drink. He sauntered over on his thick, shapely legs and dropped in next to me. 

The true size of his balls only briefly revealed itself when he bent slightly forward before doing so. I slipped my right arm around his soft shoulder and pulled him into my grasp, lightly teasing the ear nearer to me with my tongue.

"I've missed you," he giggled as he settled in.

"Same here, handsome," I whispered as I let my hand roam down from his shoulder to give his plump right breast a firm squeeze.

"Mmmmmmmmm," he sighed as he snuggled against me, "Hope this means they're going to get a good fucking tonight."

"Before I get out of here Sunday I plan to see to it you get fucked from one end to the other...and all points in between," I confirmed as I gave his bright pink nipple, larger than any I've seen on a woman, a playful pinch.

"Perfect!" he giggled as he squirmed under my ministration, "Your beard's gotten a little longer. Starting to look like Santa. Looks good on you."

"Thanks."

We sipped our drinks and chatted a while, keeping him securely in my grasp and feasting my nostrils on the fresh scent of his corpulent nakedness. His left hand eventually found its way to my lap and rested on my expanding member.

"Feels like Bruiser's getting hungry for some action," he observed looking up at me with a playful grin, "Let's get you back to the bedroom and out of these clothes."

Using my knee and the arm of the sofa for leverage he rose to his feet and offered me a pudgy little hand to help me up. I accepted and let him lead me back. 

He loves undressing me so I indulged him that pleasure. Slowly unbuttoning my shirt, he paused occasionally to run his hands over the protruding expanse of my torso as it gradually came into view. Once the last one was unbuttoned he slipped my shirt back off my shoulders. I caught it in my hands as it dropped and finished removing it for him. 

Being the fastidious housekeeper he is, he neatly folded it and placed it on his dresser, then turned his attention to my trousers. He undid my belt and then unhooked my waistband. Next he slowly unzipped me and let them tumble down around my ankles. 

Leaning into me, he began nursing on my pecs until he had my nipples and circumcised cock fully erect. I felt his fingers nimbly savor the hardness of it through my boxers. He sighed with contentment and then dropped to his knees before me.

He pulled them down until they joined my trousers and quickly wrapped a hand around my hard-on as it sprang free. Quickly milking a clear droplet of pre-ejaculate into the gaping slit, he began hungrily lapping it onto his busy tongue.

"Such a masculine taste you've got," he purred.

His desire for my flavor satisfied, he then freed my feet from their confines and helped me out of my socks. I helped him back to his feet and he folded my pants and underwear, then placed them on top of my shirt and neatly draped my socks over the stack.

Next he returned to his knees in front of me and peppered my rock hard cock with adoring kisses. I laid a hand on his bald pate and gently patted it.

"Good boy," I sighed.

He smiled up at me and then pressed his lips to my balls to vigorously lick, suck and kiss my scrotum. I slid my hand down onto the back of his head and pressed him to me. 

"Oh, Daddy!" he cooed.

"Let's shower," I suggested.

He sat back on his heels and smiled up at me again. I helped him to his feet and drew him in for a playful, dry kiss. He melted into my embrace and then let me lead him by the hand to his master bath.

"Oh, I forgot my bag in your living room," I remembered.

He waddled off, his meaty butt cheeks seductively rolling as he vanished from my sight, and soon returned with it. I set it down on his vanity next to the neat arrangement he'd made of the implements he uses for his anal cleansings and fished my toiletry kit from it. He took my bag and left to go set it down beside his dresser, then returned to brush teeth with me.

When we were done brushing I drew him in for our first deep kiss of the weekend and nimbly worked my fingertips over his nub of a cock head, by then barely peeking out from his foreskin. He threw his soft arms around my neck and clung to me for dear life as I roughly tongue fucked his mouth. I reached my free hand around him and slid it up onto the back of his head to secure him to me. He offered no resistance.

I released him and he started the water in his walk-in shower for us. Once it reached a temperature he found acceptable he stepped in and invited me to join him. I slipped through the door and closed it securely behind me.

He stepped toward me and wrapped his arms around my chest, hugging me tightly as the shower head rained down on us. I grabbed the soap from the dish and lathered his back before enfolding him in my arms. When the water had rinsed him of it I slid a hand down onto his butt and sank my middle finger into his hole to the first knuckle. When I pulled it out I brought it to my nose and deeply inhaled.

"Ah-h-h-h-h! Clean as a whistle!" I said and playfully swiped the end of his nose with the offending digit.

He belly laughed and awkwardly tried to wipe his nose clean as he bellowed, "Stop that, you hairy brute!"

"Make me!" I said, clutching him to me with all the force I could muster.

"You win. I won't resist you," he conceded with a strained, breathy chuckle.

"You couldn't if you wanted to...and I know you don't," I said as I relaxed my grip and pecked the tip of his nose with a kiss.

"I believe you've got me pegged," he sheepishly admitted as he gently stroked my hard-on.

I laughed at his pun and dove in for another deep kiss. When I released him he soaped up my front and thoroughly lathered me up, lingering on my cock and balls. Standing to the side when he was done I rinsed off and then pinned him to the wall for another deep kiss, fucking my cock head into the deep navel of his soft round belly.

When I let him up for air he gazed up at me, his eyes smoldering. 

He raised his arms and said, "Wash my front."

I grabbed the soap and slowly soaped him. His plush titties were glistening under the spray of the nozzle and I roughly squeezed them together, forming an ample cleavage. His eyes began to smolder more intensely and I leaned down to work my tongue into their cleft after the lather had rinsed away.

"Oh, GOD!" he exclaimed.

My own nipples are pretty good sized for a man. As I've already mentioned, his would be considered large on a woman. I stared at them and saw that his rose pink nubs were beginning to erect. I began mercilessly chewing on them.

He helplessly squirmed in my grasp as I feasted on them, howling in shock from my vigor. I ignored his protests until he finally accepted his fate and they ceased. When I stepped back from him I looked down to see that his cock head and a bit more were then fully exposed from his pad, its outline seductively visible in his velvety foreskin.

I squatted down and took him in my mouth. Pressing my face to him as tightly as I could, I filled it with his full but modest length and both balls. I proceeded to gently suckle the tender jewels until his hands at last gripped my head.

When he could stand it no more he slipped his hands up on top of mine as they roamed his soft belly and said, "Get up. I've still got to do your back."

I freed his wad from my lips to retreat back into his ample pad and then pecked the pucker at the tip of his fully engorged glans with an appreciative kiss. He was laughing deliriously as he helped me stand and then pulled me in to deliver a passionate deep kiss of his own. Charles is one of the best kissers I've ever known.

"That was terrific...THANK you!" he beamed when he released me.

"Yes it was...it sure was," I said as I wrapped my hand around his rigid meat and pushed back into his pad to give it a few loving strokes.

"Hug the wall, mister!" he moaned as he reached for the soap.

I turned and placed my palms to the back wall, spreading my legs a bit for him. He lathered me up with both hands and took his time working them into my crack. He got a good lather worked up in it and then did the same with the back side of my sagging scrotum once again. 

After placing the soap back in the dish he teased my pucker with his fingers, eliciting lusty moans from deep down inside me. When he was done with that he stepped aside and let the water cascade over my back. I spread my cheeks to rinse my cleft and scrotum. Just as I let them go I felt his face slide between them and he started fervently licking my asshole.

I planted my palms against the wall and started grinding my butt back against his face until the stall began to reverberate with our lusty moans. My already hard cock filled so full of blood I was afraid it might burst.

When he backed out of my butt I turned to see he was still on his knees looking up at me with an expression that was full of submissive zeal. His mouth flew open. 

Unable to resist his invitation, I took him by the ears and inserted my cock into it. His eyes closed and he began sucking on me. As the intensity of the rewarding sensations he was imparting to me reached its peak I cut loose and began deeply probing his mouth. 

I held his ears tightly, being careful not to pull on them or cause him any pain, and succumbed to the pleasure washing over me. Exerting full control over him I began powering my cock head into his well-trained soft palate. His full lips looked incredibly sexy gliding over the vein studded surface of my turgid member. 

As many times as we had done this I knew exactly how deeply I could challenge him without making him gag on me. I freely sated my lust in him until I felt myself drawing dangerously close to orgasm. 

My desire to go on down into his throat was strong, but I knew once I did there would be no stopping my load from spewing down his gullet. His earlier text had made clear that his need to be taken anally was urgent so I let go of his ears and withdrew from his suction.

I looked down to see him kiss my cock and then start tongue fucking my hairy navel. He closed his eyes and pressed his cheek to my belly.

"Take my ass, Daddy!" he half demanded and half pleaded, "Fuck me!"

I guided his mouth back onto my cock and slowly pumped it into him a few more times just to assert myself. He was putty in my hands.

"Let's dry off then," I said as I pulled out of him and helped him to his feet.

He turned the water off and stepped out, grabbing two towels and handing one to me. We dried each other off and then hung the towels over the glass of his shower stall on our way out. I guided him to the bed, him in front and holding his back to my belly, and teased his crack with the head of my raging hard-on as we walked. He giggled like a kid the entire way.

I stretched out on his bed and, as usual, he climbed up onto my lap. He was radiating total contentment and looked incredibly cute. His nearly bald, round head and the way his big, soft titties hugged the fullness of his belly made him look like a big, pink Buddha doll as he lovingly caressed my rigid staff.

He stood it up from my loins and rose off my lap while pressing down into his pad to expose his. He touched the heads together and sighed contentedly.

"What a beautiful daddy dick! Makes mine look tiny!" he enthused as he rubbed them together.

I smiled and watched as he shamelessly brought his inner boy to the fore. He rested back onto my lap and took my left arm by the wrist, placing the palm of his much smaller right hand to it.

"Such huge, strong hands," he mused.

He then let it go and started playing his short, sausage-like fingers, so pudgy they dimpled at his knuckles, through my belly hair.

"Oh-h-h-h, Daddy," he sighed, "What a big hairy belly you have!"

"The better to pin you down with while I fuck your brains out, my dear," I replied with mock menace.

He laughed, then leaned down and began passionately kissing it. 

"Mmmmmm...such a sweet boy!" I said as I laid a hand on the back of his head and pressed him to it.

"Your sweet boy," he said in a slightly muffled sigh.

"All mine," I confirmed.

He scooted down on me until he could touch his lips to my scrotum and sucked on my balls.

"Can't wait for you to empty these in me," he purred.

"Whenever you're ready," I assured him and gently ran my hand over his head.

He climbed off me and knelt by my side, then slowly ran his tongue up the entire length of my dick.

"Don't be gentle, Daddy," he encouraged me, "I need to feel your power."

"I understand," I acknowledged.

I got on my knees and moved to the foot of the bed. He handed me the lube and positioned himself in front of me for a full throttle doggy-style fuck. It always surprises me how much bigger his balls look from behind as they protrude from between his fat thighs. 

I squeezed some gel on my fingers and worked them into his supremely tight hole. He moaned in anticipation.

His voluptuous ass cheeks looked so round and inviting. I leaned down and began biting them to his delighted giggles. When I could wait no longer to feel the tightness of his chute on me I raised up and ran a bead of lube down the length of my cock. I smeared it around until it was well-slathered, then dug the fingers of both hands into his crack and aggressively pulled them apart to line it up at his winking, baby-pink orifice.

I slid my left hand up onto the small of his back and then roughly grabbed him by the balls with my right. He gasped. I tugged him back to me by his balls and he let out a pained yelp as he pried his tight ring open on my cock head. He slipped onto it. 

"Oh, Daddy!" he cried out.

"Sh-h-h-h-h!" I admonished him.

He settled down. I let the tension build a couple of minutes, flexing the head of my dick in him. When his panting reached a crescendo I let go of his balls and lunged forward until mine came to rest on his perineum, inserting myself as deeply as I could in one fell swoop.

"OH, GOD!" he bellowed as his sphincter erupted into a flurry of reflexive spasms on the base of my cock.
