 My wife's cousin Aaron and his wife were coming for a visit. I had met them at our wedding and hadn't seen them again until a family reunion two years ago. Shelly his wife is gorgeous and sweet. I'm sure she's had a boob job, but she doesn't seem the slutty type. A few things Aaron said lead me to believe that they had sex all the time and I guess it was pretty intense.

I felt like Carrie and I had a pretty good sex life. When we weren't too busy, we got with it a couple of times a week, and even if things were really hectic we always made time to have a romantic and sexy evening at least once a week. I felt that was pretty good after being married for 8 years and being together for 2 years before that.

Aaron is the type of guy that if he wasn't so nice and so much fun to be around, you'd love to hate him. I mean he has everything going for him, ruggedly handsome and a man's man! Great hair, great body, 6'3", hairy chest, and fills out a t-shirt and a pair of jeans the way they are supposed to be filled out.

That's not the part that makes me feel self conscious. It's his life style. He played football in high school, rugby in college and still does. He hunts, fishes, plays sports, knows all the stats, knows about guns, fishing gear, cars, boats, construction, and even computers. He's a smart good looking man and I guess I have to admit I'm a bit jealous of him. I'm glad he's my wife's cousin, so I don't have to be 'that' kind of jealous.

They came in late Friday evening after driving out from the city. We had pizza and beers and sat around catching up and laughing a lot. Even when Aaron gets up to get a round of beers, his moves catch attention. Not an arrogant type, more just grace and confidence. He is very attentive to Shelly, and not in an embarrassing way, but they are very sexy with each other. It makes me more aware that I should pay more attention to Carrie.

Friday night we figured out what was going to happen Saturday. The girls were going to go shopping all day, and I play softball on Saturday mornings. I realize this is kind of tame for Aaron, but he seemed interested in playing. I told him coming as an extra wouldn't be a problem because "someone" always had to work, or do things with their kids or something.

We all got up and had breakfast and then headed out for our respective days. Aaron and I shot the shit and laughed on the way. He kind of shocked me when he said, "No wonder you've got a smile on your face, I heard you and Carrie going at it last night!"

I said, "Shit man, I'm sorry, I didn't know you could hear from the guest room!"

Aaron laughed and said, "Well if you hadn't been banging the hell out of Carrie, we probably wouldn't have, but from the sounds of things you sent her over the edge a couple of times and had a pretty intense blast off yourself, you must be quite the stud!" I could feel my face beet red! I'm not a prude, but realizing that someone could hear Carrie and me having sex was embarrassing.

Aaron saw my face and laughed and said, "Hell bro don't sweat it, we'd of been going at it too, but the beer gave Shelly a headache, otherwise we get after it five or six times a week, it was kind of hot listening to you guys, almost better than porn!"

I laughed and said, "Well don't say anything to Carrie about it, or I'll never get any when anyone else in the house! Holy fuck, I wonder if her parents have heard us when they've stayed in that room?"

We both laughed at that!

Aaron said, "Well the bad thing is that Shelly told me this morning that she's ragging, usually that wouldn't be a problem, she'd let me tap her nice round butt, but she gets pretty loud then so I know that ain't happening until we get home."

This time I busted out laughing, "Fuck Aaron, you just tell it all, don't you!"

"Hell man, we're bro's, as long as the ho's don't know what we talk about it's all good!"

We pulled into the park right about then and I was kind of glad, I mean I have some buds that I talk to a bit, but not in that kind of detail. The bad part was thinking about Aaron boning Shelly in the butt had made me kind of boned up a bit. When we got out of the car, apparently it had made Aaron bone up a bit too!

We had a great time! Aaron is a jock, I guess he's just naturally good at any sport. We kicked the other team's asses, and stopped playing a little after noon. It was hotter than hell and a shower was in my immediate future. We got back to the house and got out of our sweaty clothes and I told Aaron he could shower first and to holler when he was finished that I'd shower after.

He said, "If you don't mind I'm going to sit out on the patio for a few minutes and make a phone call to work, so you go first."

I was glad, I was hot and sweaty, and I had slid into a couple of bases and was covered with dust and dirt. I had left the bedroom door open so I could holler to Aaron when I was finished, and I thought I heard a noise from the bedroom. I stuck my head out of the open shower in the master bath and didn't hear anything so I went back to washing my hair.

Suddenly I felt hands on my back. I almost jumped through the glass, as there stood Aaron right behind me in the shower. I felt my voice go up a couple of octives when I said, "Aaron, what the fuck are you doing in the shower?" "Figured we may as well shower together, it saves water."

"I don't think so Aaron, I'll be finished in a few mintues!"

"Awh relax, its fun, some of my buds and I do this, its male bonding, and it feels good!"

He reached for a bar of soap and lathered up his hands and started washing my back. He told me he had taken a few massage classes a couple of years ago and figured I could use some help with muscles since I'd gone all out during the game.

That kind of relaxed me a bit and I had to admit it did feel pretty damn good. When his hands slid down over my ass I kind of jumped and Aaron laughed and said, calm down I'll get down to your hamstrings in a minute. I felt him squat down and he was soon running his big muscled hands up my calves and thighs and then over my butt massaging deeply. I had to place my hands on the wall in front of me to keep from toppling over. Fuck it felt good, but it also felt pretty weird being naked in a shower with another man. No muscles on my back, legs or butt were left untouched. When he finally stood up, I was almost shocked when he slid his fingers up the crack of my ass, and even over my butthole.

It made me catch my breath and kind of shiver. I had no idea what to think, and I heard Aaron kind of laugh and said, "Don't worry stud, I'm not trying to fuck that hot ass...well at least not yet! Now come on, it's my turn!"

By the time I turned around, so had he. His back was toward me and his hands were on the wall in front of him, like mine had been. He reached over his shoulder and handed me the soap. "Just soap up and give me a good washing, I got pretty dirty too!"

I stood there frozen for a moment and looked at the hot, tan muscled body in front of me. His shoulders were wide and thickly muscled. His lats tapered down to a narrow waist and his white ass almost exploded from his lower back. He was muscled everywhere, and obviously swam or tanned in a pretty damn small speedo.

His back was smooth except just above his narrow waist and there was a triangle of dark hair that tapered down and thickened into the crack of his stark white muscle butt. I had honestly never touched another naked man in my life. I didn't know what to do or what to think.

A part of me wanted to touch him because I wanted to see what a body like his felt like. I guess I was still in shock from him touching me, and I found myself rubbing my hands together with a bar of soap between them. When I placed my hands on his back, up close to his shoulders I was surprised at how soft his skin was and how hard his muscles were.

It was easy to run my hands over the surface, I mean the man was built like a Greek god. I like the way it felt when I ran my hands up and down his lats, how they veed into his tight waist, but I had washed that area about as much as I could so now I was left doing his lower body.

"Don't worry about it buddy, just wash me like I did you!"

I actually couldn't talk. I didn't want to touch his ass, but I kind of did. I grabbed the soap again and squatted down behind him. I started washing his thick hairy thighs and then went down to his calves. Man, I knew what my body felt like, and I keep in pretty good shape, but this was totally different. It also bothered me that I was somewhat turned on. What bothered me more is that I was only slightly turned on when Aaron was washing me, I was getting more turned on from washing him.

"Come on bro, get after that big ass of mine, it won't bite, although Shelly has said, she was afraid of losing a finger when she slide one in there, that it was so tight!"

My head was reeling from that, but soaped up again and washed his big muscled butt. He moaned a bit when I did that, and I had just taken my hands off of him when he turned around. So there I was on one knee and that put my face right in his crotch when he turned and his cock was totally hard and almost hit me in the face.

I immediately leaned back and then stood up. I must have had a shocked look on my face, because Aaron smiled. Then he said, "He's a beauty isn't he?"

"Fuck Aaron you're huge!"

"Well sorry for the hard on, but I found out about a year ago that I'm really into having my butt played with. Shelly and I were drunk one night and I was trying to get after her butt and she said, "You need to know what that feels like and slid a finger it. Fuck it was hot, and we've been doing butt play ever since, it gets me boned either way!"

I shook my head and said, "Fuck Aaron, you guys are wild!"

"Yes we are my friend, and I love it! Can't keep your eyes off that big dick either bud, so it's okay if you want to touch it, see what it feels like."

"Uhm, no Aaron, I'm good, thanks, I think I'm clean enough and can get out."

"You've got a pretty nice unit there too bro, but you can't tell me you haven't at least thought about what it would be like to feel one this size."

"Really Aaron, I'm good, I'm not really into this stuff!"

"Really stud, I think maybe you are!"

"No seriously Aaron, I don't care what you're into, and I won't say anything to anyone, but I'm not into dudes!"

"Well bro, you may not have noticed but you're totally boned thinking about it!"

I looked down just in time to see him reach his hand over and wrap it around my cock that was as hard as a post! "See what I mean!"

He gave it a couple of strokes and I wanted to back away, but instead I stood there feeling the pleasure and ended up throwing my head back and moaning. "Yeah man, just let it happen it feels great doesn't it!"

He had one hand wrapped around my cock slowly stroking it and his other hand made contact with my stomach and moved up and down wandering over my chest. Then his hand slid down over my shoulder and down my arm. When he took my wrist and moved my hand to his thick cock I let him. At first my head was still back and I was just breathing. Then I moved my head back to normal position. Aaron had a wicked and intense look on his face.

His eyes were dancing, and his he was also panting, but still had half a smile on his face. He moved a step closer as we stood there stroking each other. Our cocks and chests were almost touching, and our faces were much closer than I was normally comfortable with. Aaron whispered to me, "There's a lot more fun to be had."

He leaned in and pressed his lips against mine. I didn't kiss back I couldn't, I was having a hard time dealing with all of this. Aaron slid his mouth down my neck, over my pec, flicked my nipple with his tongue, then down my tight belly and flicked his tongue around the head of my cock. Soon he slid his full lips over the head of my cock and took it into his mouth.

I had never turned down head before in my life, and about 30 seconds into this I realized I wasn't going to turn it down this time either. I loved to get blown. Carrie did it for me now and again, but she really wasn't into it. She only did it because I wanted her too.

Soon Aaron slid his mouth about halfway down my cock. His hot tongue was flicking and swirling all over my cock, up and down and then teasing the head. It was awesome and even though I didn't like that it was with a guy, I was enjoying the living fuck out of this.

Aaron looked up at me with an evil grin and said, "Pretty fucking hot huh? Never figured someone like me would suck a cock, did you?"

I still couldn't talk and just shook my head no. "Well either did I until about 6 months ago, but now I love it!"

Aaron had my cock so hard, that when he let it out of his mouth it slapped up against my belly. He stood up and we were face to face again. This time when he kissed me I participated. I couldn't believe I was doing this, but even more I couldn't believe I was doing it with Aaron!

He broke our kiss and looked me in the eye and I couldn't believe it when I heard him say, "Stud I want you to fuck me!"