 Our kissing and fucking became even more passionate now. I felt as if I was hovering on the brink of an orgasm and wasn't even touching my cock! "Aaron, I feel like I'm gonna cum!"

Our kissing again intensified and we clutched each other closer and fucked harder and faster!

I felt it building and building. My hole was starting to spasm, my balls ached and my cock had never been so hard. I was breathing so hard I almost broke our kiss to get more air, but Aaron pulled my face back to his. We were now fucking with total animalist abandon. His hips were pounding me, his cock was as going as deep as it had been, but stroking out to the tip of his thick head and pounding right back in again. We were trading the air in each other's lungs, never breaking our kiss, when something snapped inside of me and I felt a little dribble of cum escape my cock.

I was disappointed for a few seconds as I had expected a gusher, and that feels so good when it happens. But my disappointment only lasted a few seconds, several more deep and intense strokes and about five long, thick jets of cum shot out of my cock. My butthole went into a series of spasms and I heard Aaron groan as loud into my lungs as I was doing into his, and then my ass was flooded with his hot masculine juices!

We were fucking, breathing and cumming so hard and fast that I thought for a minute I was going to pass out. I realized that maybe if I kept fucking back at him, but slowed it down a bit, we may be able to continue for a while, and not pass out.

So I did. 

Aaron did too, and it was now even more amazing. I could feel every stroke and every inch of his thick cock as he stroked in and out of my hole, stroking my aching prostrate.

In a move that could only be described as heroic, Aaron was able to maneuver his way around my raised leg and get between my legs and now have me flat on my back facing me. He smiled at me with sweat dripping off of him, and said, "That was amazing buddy, I don't want to stop!"

I agreed and he leaned in and we started making out very passionately again. After a while, I could feel Aaron slowly moving his long thick cock in and out of me again, and I loved it. I was offering myself up to whatever he wanted, still in the bliss of one of the wildest orgasms of my life.

His strokes were going deeper in this position and something inside of me felt very intense, almost painful and he broke our deep kiss when he heard me grunting. 

"Am I hurting you Stud?"

I didn't know how to answer because it hurt and felt good at the same time, so I shook my head no. He stroked deeper a few more times and the feeling was even more intense and I grunted each time, "You sure?" 

"Well, it hurts and feels good at the same time."

"Remember yesterday when you were fucking me like this?

"Yeah."

"It's a spot way up deep inside that feels good and hurts like hell at the same time, take a deep breath relax and push yourself as open as you can, it will start to feel amazing!"

I did as he said, and when I did, I felt him slip into something deeper and I let out a loud groan. This time it fucking hurt, but felt fucking better than anything I'd ever felt. 

"That's it, you're getting there!"

He did it a few more times and suddenly it was like something inside of me gave way, and now every time he stroked deep, it sent shockwaves of pleasure ricocheting through my entire being. I grabbed his hips and pulled him harder and deeper and on about the tenth stroke, without warning I shot another thick load of cum onto my chest and belly!

Aaron roared and held deep inside of me and I could feel his cock spasming another load way up in there. He collapsed on top of me and I was surprised how much I liked the feel of his cock just pulsing while my load glued our hairy bellies and chests together.

We laid there in the afterglow, still panting. This was male bonding at it's purest form, but I think we both knew there was more. There were all kinds of feelings and thoughts running through my mind of what this all meant, but I had to push them aside. 

There was an interesting feeling happening inside of me as Aaron's cock softened and somewhat shrunk inside of me. I felt his cum start leaking from me, and that was another interesting feeling.

He raised up on his elbows and looked at me, I was looking back. I was almost afraid of what he was going to say if it was going to mirror my intense feelings I was having for him right now. I wanted to stop him from saying something that was going to change everything, and when I took a breath to say something and cleared my throat, it made my hole spasm, and Aaron's now soft cock shot out of my ass, and it jolted me. It was, of course, an unfamiliar and shocking feeling to me, followed by some sloppy noises, and we both immediately cracked up.

Well laughing for me at this time was not a good idea! I suddenly felt a lot more of Aaron's juices escaping me, and I grabbed the sheet, held it to my leaking butt and ran to the bathroom. 

Now it was Aaron's turn to crack up at me!

I went and sat on the toilet, embarrassed as hell at the noises and juices that were escaping me, as I heard Aaron howling from the bedroom.

I had at least given Aaron his privacy when this happened to him earlier, but here he came, cock swinging, the front of his body smeared with my cum and a big shit eating grin on his face. 

"Hey Stud, kind of makes you feel like a bit of a slut, to have a sloppy hole like that doesn't it?"

Well he was definitely right about that, but the only thing I could think of to say was pretty stupid, "Fuck you!"

He smirked and said, "You did, and I fucked you right back...now I'm going to rinse all this jizz off of me, join me when your hole stops sputtering my ball juice!"