 He broke our kiss and looked me in the eye and I couldn't believe it when I heard him say, "Stud I want you to fuck me!"

"Whoa dude!"

"Listen to me I know this will be hotter than hell. Since Shelly and I have been doing some butt play it drives me crazy, she's used vibrators and such on me, but now I want to see what it feels like to have a real cock inside of me, and after hearing you two last night I know you're the stud I want at the other end of the cock!"

"Aaron..."

"Look bro, I've seen the way you look at me, and other guys have looked at me, I know I've kind of got it going on, and you can't tell me you wouldn't like to let's say...have one up on me!"

"I like you Aaron."

"Good I like you too, but come on stud, I'm the guy everyone loves to hate, but I've come to terms with that, that's why I always try to be fun to be around with, so let's make this really fun, tap this big ass, you'll have one over on me and I'll owe you one!

As he was saying that I realized that I was still stroking his big cock and he was stroking mine, I was hard and horny as hell. My mind couldn't seem to process all this information, it was so far out of my normal thinking.

I'm going to drop down there and get your cock as wet with my spit as I can and then bend over for you to slide it into me. With that Aaron got down on his knees, pulled my cock from my belly and started slurping. It was amazing, I guess it's true that head from another guy is better since he knows what it feels like. I couldn't think about what was going to happen next, I was just reveling in the pleasure.

Aaron had managed to take most of my cock into his mouth and then let it out to slap against my belly again. He wiped the spit from his mouth and rubbed it on his hole. He leaned in and kissed me, deeper this time and said, "Take it easy on me stud, you're getting my cherry here!"

Aaron turned toward the wall and bent over and pushed his ass out. Again I noticed it was a magnificent man's ass. He moved it around a bit, and looked over his shoulder and laughed and said, "I can't believe this is going to happen either, but I'm going to tell you, I've always felt a connection with you, and I'm glad you're going to be my first!"

That kind of made my head swell a bit, hearing that this stud thought I was hot. I moved in closer and took a deep breath and then ran my cock up and down his hairy crack looking for his hole. I have to admit it felt great and we both grunted like animals when the thick head of my cock found his hole.

I immediately recognized the feeling and was hurled back in time to my college days. One young lady I dated for a short time in college suggested a try at butt sex and I remembered the moves. I did now what I had done then and pushed against his hole and then retreated just enough to relieve the pressure, then pushed forward again.

I did that four or five times and only gained a little ground, but I could feel Aaron's tight hole clamped around the head of my cock. I backed out, spit on the head of my cock a couple of times and rubbed it around. In just a few short minutes I had gone from not wanting to do this to being determined to bury my bone in Aaron's 'virgin' butt.

I lined up again and found his hole and pushed again, then relaxed. The next time I pushed Aaron pushed back an about half of my cock shot into his tight hole. Aaron grunted and then let out a long low howl! "Do you want me to pull out?"

"NO, oh fuck that hurts, but no, just don't move, give me a minute to adjust!"

I looked down at my hands clamped on Aaron's waist and my throbbing cock half buried in his hairy butt, and was just amazed. Less than an hour ago, I would have never imagined that I'd be fucking a dude, much less my wife's uber hot cousin, macho, hunter/fisher, jock stud. But here I was.

At that second, I made a resolve. Everything that Aaron did, he did full throttle, sports, work, and life. I was going to prove to him that there were some things I was great at too and sex was one of them. My cock stays hard as steel, I can hold out from cumming for a long time, and once I get wound up I love to power fuck!

I felt Aaron's tight ass squeeze and relax a couple of times and decided to wait until the next time I felt him relax and then I was going to make a move. When it happened, I slid my cock almost out and then slowly slid back in to about the same point. Aaron, winced, grunted and then moaned. I felt him relax so I did it again.

Aaron turned his head toward me and said, "Easy stud, I didn't realize how much thicker you are than what I've had inside me before!"

I smiled at him, slapped his big muscle butt and said, "Shut up bitch, I'm doing the fucking here!"

Aaron kind of laughed and said, "Okay stud, I guess you're in charge."

I slapped his ass again and said, "Yes I am!"

I pulled all the way out and plugged back in, not too hard, but with determination. Aaron grunted.

I did that about five times and then decided it was time that Aaron felt all of my cock. So the sixth time I pulled out, I plunged all the way back in, that made him jump, wince, growl and moan. "Oh fuck, man oh fuck?"

"Does that hurt man?"

Now I'm not evil, but I now wanted to fuck this man, long and hard!

"Yeah, fuck it hurts! But it also feels amazing, it feels weird, kind of scares me and..."

"Okay bitch, then shut the fuck up and take it! You heard the fucking last night and wanted it, now you're going to get it!"

I started out slowly in and out all the way, but then built up speed and was fucking him faster. Aaron started making noises that didn't make any sense, but his ass was coming alive, probably all on its own. I think Aaron was in a state of bliss/shock, and his body and needs had taken over, I know mine certainly had. There was nothing boring in the sex that Carrie and I had, but there was never anything this wild!

I started fucking faster and a little deeper. Aaron started a chant of, "Oh fuck, Oh fuck, Oh fuck!" So I started fucking him a little harder and deeper, I knew that this big macho muscle stud was really into taking my cock!

I realized Aaron was not going anywhere so I started sliding my hands up and down his torso and enjoying his hot body. Aaron was moving in rthym with me and to mix it up I started fucking harder and deeper. 

His chant had just turned into a series of grunts, he was now thrusting back at my cock. I started fucking harder and faster as I still ran my hands over his muscled body. All of the sudden his grunts turned to a long low growl and he said between clenched teeth, "I'm gonna shoot stud, I'm gonna fucking shoot!" I guess I kind of smiled to myself when I realized that both of Aaron's hands were planted against the tile of the shower wall!

Somehow I instinctively knew his orgasm was going to be almost as good for me as it was for Aaron! I slid my hands up and grabbed his powerful shoulders just on either side of his neck. Not exactly choking him, but I was definitely in control. I pulled back on his shoulders to make him arch his back more, and actually felt a little deeper penetration. He let out a howl and the way his ass hole and guts were grabbing my cock I knew he was cumming. 

I just kept pounding him and he just kept taking it, growling, grunting and almost hollering. I loved the feeling on my cock, but I also loved the feeling of power this gave me making him shoot by pounding his muscle ass with my big cock!

When I slowed down the pounding, we were both panting, but I was recovering faster. Aaron said, "Holy fuck bro, the cum just shot out of my cock, and I wasn't even touching it, that was an amazing fuck!"

I laughed and playfully said, "Well stud, I guess that kind of makes you a bitch, huh?"

Aaron kind of laughed and said, "Yeah, I guess! That was great man, you are a stud!"

"I love to fuck Aaron, I just didn't know I'd like to fuck a guy in the ass!"

"So let's get cleaned up and dressed."

"Uhm I haven't cum yet, so let's just say that was your "first" cum!"

I pulled Aaron up by his shoulders and with my cock still deeply embedded in him, I smashed him against the wall and started fucking again! He told me that it felt different now that he had shot and thought we were done. "No bitch, this is going to be like with Carrie, I'm going to make you cum at least twice, maybe three times then I'm going to blow a huge load up your straight ass!"

I took his hands and put them high over his head and pressed deeply into him. I breathed my hot breath into his ear and when he moaned I slid back and then push back in hard and deep. That got a hot grunt out of him. Give it a few minutes, you're going to love getting pounded again!

My tight, wet, slick body was pressed against him and I was stroking in and out of him and pulling out just far enough to rotate my cock around inside of Aaron's now, not so tight butt hitting all kind of things inside of him.

I was going at him pretty roughly and Aaron was moaning, grunting, cussing and howling. I reached around with one hand and grabbed his huge cock, and stroked it. With my other hand I turned his face around and plunge my tongue in and made him kiss me deeply.

I don't know when I had ever felt so powerful in my life. I was fucking Aaron's ass, tongue fucking his mouth and stroking his cock wildly. His grunts soon turned to pants, his hips started shifting and jerking and I felt his hole spasming around my cock, and his dick started lurching as he shot his second load!

Aaron let out loud grunts, groans and all kinds of noises. I got my prize of his ass doing all kinds of tricks on my cock, it was an amazing feeling. We broke our kiss and again I stayed inside of him.

"Jesus stud, that was amazing!"

"Yeah it was, and it's going to get better!"

"No stud, I think I'm finished, it was amazing, but..."

"Listen Aaron you started this and you're going to finish it. You've turned me into some kind of animal, and it won't be over until I'm finished!"

Just to punctuate that I pulled out of Aaron, and he moaned. I spun him around, I kissed him and then put my hands on his shoulder and started pushing down. He wasn't moving so I increased the pressure, he looked at me understanding what I wanted, but hesitated. I pushed farther, and nodded for him to descend. He finally understood and complied. I pulled him closer and hit his face with my cock. I said, "Suck it dammit!"

This was going to be a real test, getting this straight man to suck my cock, after he'd shot two loads was one thing, but getting him to suck it after it had been deep in his ass was another! But I wasn't totally surprised when he complied!

I stood there with my hands on my hips as he tentatively and then with a bit of enthusiasm sucked my throbbing cock. I could shoot right then, but I have amazing control and can hold back forever. I said, "Get it good and slick I'm going to fuck you again!"

Aaron shook his head "no" slightly, but didn't dislodge my cock. "Oh yes I am! Well unless you make me cum with your mouth in the next three minutes, otherwise I'm putting you on your back and fucking you like a girl!"

Aaron doubled his efforts and grabbed my cock and stroked it while he sucked. I knew that might put me over the edge, so I slapped his hand away, and said, "NO, your mouth or your ass, no hands!"

Aaron mumbled agreement and shook his head yes. It continued to amaze me, it was as if this big, hot, macho stud was under my power, or at least the power of my cock!

The time elapsed and I pulled my cock away, "Get on your back and raise your legs, I'm ready to fuck again!"

"Come on bro, this is my first time, it's kind of overwhelming!"

"Look, I never wanted to do this, but you wanted to see what a real cock feels like in your hole, and you wanted to know what it feels like to get fucked by me, you're going to find out, until I'm finished!"

Aaron put his head down in submission, and then next thing I saw was the big hot stud, on his back raising his legs in the air on the floor of my shower, waiting for me to fuck him again!