 This is two hot short chapters combined.

***

I figured this was new to all of us, and Devyn had no problem saying what he wanted, hell actually just taking what he wanted, like in the boat this afternoon, so I pulled off of Aaron's cock and said, "Hey Devyn, don't cum yet, I want to fuck that gorgeous butt of yours too!"

That brought Devyn to a quick halt! I thought for a minute that pissed him off or crossed some kind of line that I didn't know existed, and then with a bit of fear in his voice, he said, "Well uhm, I don't know about that, I mean...I"ve only been fucked twice, and Jason has a nice cock, but it's nowhere as big as what you two guys are packing!"

I couldn't see Aaron's face since I'd put his half hard cock back into my mouth, but he said, "Holy fuck, Jason is who's been fucking you!"

Well, you have to remember that Devyn's cock was still balls deep in me, so it's no surprise that there was a couple of second lag before Devyn realized what he had revealed, and he said, "Well yeah, but I've fucked him too...Oh Shit! We promised each other that we'd never tell anyone about each other! Fuck!"

Aaron started laughing, and I got caught up in he, and had to expel his semi hard cock out of my throat before I choked and finally caught my breath and said, "Shit Devyn, you have almost a foot of cock buried in my ass, and you just fucked my boyfri...well my man, and you're worried about us telling anyone about you having sex with Jason?"

Aaron had leaned back on his haunches and I didn't miss the twinkle in his eyes at my stumbling over what to call him. He stopped laughing long enough to say, "Come on Devyn, I won't tell your wife about you fucking us if you won't tell mine!"

Devyn said, "Well yeah, there's that too! But we swore an oath to each other, and I've broken it!"

"We understand, but he'll never know it from us, so don't worry about it."

Devyn seemed to relax a bit after that but soon slid his huge cock out of me. "I kind of want that too, but I don't know if I could take it, Kyle, I'm just not certain."

Aaron reassured him saying, "This stud is good Devyn, he'll slide into you slow and smooth and has a way of fucking that just keeps making me want more, you're gonna be fine...hell, you're going to love it!"

Aaron and I did the best we could to prep Devyn's butt. We licked and slowly fingered until he was moaning and moving against us. After a while, I had Devyn face down and butt up. I was running my cock up and down his deep crack feeling the thicket of wiry hair and loved when I slid across his smooth slick hole.

I lined up with it and told him when he was ready to push back against me. He already knew to take deep breaths and sooner than I imagined I was about halfway into him, and it was all from his own effort. Finally, he let out a long deep moan and I slowly lowered my body down onto his tight muscular form and slowly slid the rest of my cock inside of him.

That brought a long deep moan from Devyn and I just laid still on top of him. I could feel his tight muscular form and his large round muscle butt beneath me. He gave me the go ahead and slowly started stroking in and out of him. He was tight and just the difference between his body and Aaron's was amazing.

When I knew that he was really doing well I got him up on his hands and knees and Aaron moved in front of him. Now Devyn was rocking back and forth on my cock in back and Aaron's in front. There was no sound except muffled moans and Devyn moving back an forth between us.

Aaron and I were kissing and playing with each other's nipples and then he got an evil grin on his face and he moved away from Devyn and came up behind me and soon slid into me. It was awesome feeling my cock buried in Devyn and Aaron's cock buried in me.

Devyn said how good it felt and was working his butt up and down my hard cock and Aaron was working his cock in and out of me, I just stayed in the middle and threw my head back. I had to stop them because I was going to cum.

Aaron suggested that we switch it up. I knew he wanted to get inside of Devyn and I couldn't blame him. Soon Aaron lined up and slid into Devyn and after taking a few minutes of watching that I slid into Aaron, and we started our movements again.

After a while we worked into every combination we could come up with between three men who enjoyed topping and bottoming. One of my favorites was where Aaron and I were sixty-nining and Devyn was moving from one us to the other fucking us while we were deep throating each other's cocks!

Devyn flopped over on his back and I took advantage of the position and climbed on top of him and slid his large cock inside of me. Aaron moved between his legs and raised them and slid into Aaron. I leaned over and kissed Devyn as he fucked me from below. He moaned loudly as Aaron slid into him.

It was an amazing feeling. Then I felt Aaron moving behind me and I felt a strange sensation as he pressed his cock against my hole next to Devyn's!

Chap 17

I wasn't sure what Aaron was going for, at least at first! Then I figured it out and I said, "Whoa buddy, that's a hot idea but I've got a fairly new hole here! I don't know if that's a good idea!"

"I know Stud, but the thought just hit me, let's give it a try if it doesn't work, we won't do it, but then I want you to try it on me, okay?"

"Okay you perv, let's give it a try, but I can't imagine those two huge cocks going into my hole at the same time."

Devyn said, "Hey I have an idea!"

He reached over to the nightstand and opened a drawer, and grabbed a couple of things. Then grabbed the bong and handed it to me. I fired it up and took a big hit. He handed a bottle to Aaron and said, "Here you try this lube, it's slicker than spit and precum."

Then he handed a small brown bottle to me and said, "Hold it to your nose and inhale, it won't hurt you and it will make your ass feel amazing!"

I reluctantly did as told. I felt cool liquid running down my crack. I inhaled from the bottle and felt my head swirl, I leaned my chest down against Devyn's and he pulled my face to his and kissed me. I felt a pressure and suddenly Aaron's cock lurched into me!

I hollered "Holy Fuck!" but it didn't really hurt, it just kind of surprised me! Aaron grunted and Devyn groaned. Aaron kept his cock still inside of me but leaned down onto my back. We were all three panting. Devyn asked if I was okay, and I nodded yes. 

Aaron said, "Fuck Stud this is so fucking hot, you sure you're okay?" I again nodded. He did what he does so well and started kissing my shoulder, then neck and finally ear as Devyn again started kissing me deeply.

I know with having two huge cocks buried in my hole, you may find this hard to believe, but the thing that was holding my attention was being sandwiched between these two hot, hairy, sexy muscle men! It was as if I was enveloped in the epitome of hot masculine maleness! The taunt muscles, the soft man hair, the sweat, and the amazing aromas raising off all three of our bodies. The scent was almost as heady as whatever was in the little brown bottle.

Aaron's mouth was at my ear, licking and lightly chewing, I broke my kiss with Devyn to look at him as best as I could. Aaron had this dreamy look on his face, smiled and said, "I realize this may not seem like the perfect moment to say this Kyle, but I am not only in awe of what you're doing, but I'm in total incredible fuck lust love with you!"