 My pregnant wife has been away visiting her mom for the past week. She just let me know today she was going to stay a few more days. Today was Friday, which meant she wouldn't be home until at least Tuesday. My wife and I are both 27 years old and only being married just under a year we are still newlyweds. So as much as I enjoy being home by myself, I still missed her and was ready for her to come home. Since I got off work early today, I decided to go to the gym and get in a quick workout. 

After my workout I was walking out to my car and saw I had a missed call. I checked my messages and it turned out it was my wife's twin brother, Nick. He wanted to know if he and Jason could come over to play some poker and then watch the big game when it came on later. I gave him a call back and told him I was on my way home now. We decided that he and Jason would pick up some beer and meet up at my house.

The thing about Nick was he was gay and Jason was his boyfriend of a few years. He was always over because he and my wife were pretty close. To be honest with you, you would never know he was gay. He didn't act feminine at all and if you didn't know he was gay you never would. Nick and Jason never show public affection and I have only seen them hug one time. I was cool with his sexuality. Him being gay never bothered me, so I didn't think twice about having him come over with Jason. 

When I got home he and Jason were already in my house. This was no big deal since he has a key and lets himself in all the time. I walked into the kitchen and they were just putting beers in the fridge and shuffling the cards. I wanted to take a shower after my workout but they talked me into playing a couple of hands first. I sat down and we started our game. We cracked open some fresh beers dealt out the cards. Before I knew it a couple hours and many beers had passed. I checked the time and noticed the game was going to start soon.

"Hey I am going to go take that shower I will be back in 10 minutes. Go get the game on, I don't want to miss it!" I said.

"Alright," Nick said.

I opened a new beer and walked away. I walked to my room and downed the fresh beer as I went. I was really feeling a good strong buzz at this point. Anxious to see the game, I showered quickly and threw on some shorts and a t-shirt. 

I heard the TV on but I went straight to the kitchen to grab another. Grabbing a cold one, I walked into the TV room and stopped dead in my tracks. I saw something I never ever thought about. I knew they were lovers so it had to happen occasionally. But right now? My brother in law was naked from head to toe sitting on my couch with his hands behind his head, eyes closed. Kneeling right in front of him was Jason still fully dressed vigorously sucking and stroking his cock. 

"What the fuck are you guys doing?" I asked.

Nick opened his eyes and Jason stopped sucking. They looked at each other and laughed.

"What's so funny?" I asked. Not really sure whether I should leave or what.

"Jason told me he wanted to suck my cock. He bet me he could do it before you finished with your shower. Obviously, he didn't win the bet. Your shower was faster than we thought." Nick said. 

As he was talking, Jason kept slowly stroking Nick's slick wet cock up and down. He noticed me looking at him and smiled.

"Do you mind if I finish or should we stop?" Jason asked. 

I honestly didn't know what to say, these were my friends (one my brother in law) and I never thought of them as gay. Seeing this really had a weird effect on me. I always thought of them as regular guys but I would never get this sight out of my mind. I slowly took a sip of my beer and said fuck it.

"Don't stop on my account, I just live here. I'll just watch TV while you guys finish up." I said sarcastically. I walked over to the sofa chair on the other side of the room, sat down and grabbed the remote.

They watched me and didn't move as I sat down. They obviously didn't detect the sarcasm in my statement so I was going to tell them to go into the other room and finish. But, before I could do this, Jason dropped his head back down onto Nicks cock and started sucking again. I wanted to tell them to stop but I was so shocked I was speechless. I didn't know what to do now. They knew I was here and they didn't care. Maybe I was too buzzed from the beer or what but I just sat there and watched. I was mesmerized by what was going on in right front of me. 

I took another sip before I felt my cock stir in my pants. This surprised me since I was not gay. It wasn't until now that I realized how horny I was. To this day, I blame my wife for being gone the past week. I hadn't jerked off since my wife left so my cock hasn't had any release this past week. 

Nick was really enjoying himself and so was Jason. They were both making low moaning sounds filled with pleasure. I kept watching Jason work the head of Nick's cock while he gently stroked the shaft. The intensity of the blow job I first walked in on was gone. Now it was a slow sensuous action by 2 people very familiar with each other.

I kept sipping my beer and just watched what was going on in front of me. My cock was slowly filling with blood and getting bigger and harder as I watched. All the sucking and slurping noises were really starting to turn me on. I had been sitting there close to 5 minutes now and I could tell Nick was close to cumming. His breathing was picking up and his eyes were closing tighter and tighter. I reach down and pushed my stiff cock off to one side through my shorts and at the same time gave it a little squeeze. I was fully hard now and my cock was straining against my shorts. 

I looked down at my cock and saw precum stains soaking through to the outside of my shorts. I moved my hand up and down on my hard cock from the outside of my shorts and it felt good. I closed my eyes and kept moving my hand up and down. I was feeling really good. 

I opened my eyes to see Nick staring right at me with a huge smile on his face. Our eyes locked on each other just as he came. Jason didn't miss a beat and kept on sucking and slurping on Nick's cock. He never took his eyes from mine the whole time he was pumping his seed into Jason's mouth. 

I could not believe how much I was turned on. I wasn't gay, I have never had a gay thought in my life. But here I was with a raging hard-on from watching one guy blow another. I broke eye contact with Nick and I looked down at my raging hard on as I slowly stroked it up and down through my cum stained shorts. I looked back up when Nick asked me a question.

"You doing alright over there? You want some help with that?" he asked.

My heart started beating rapidly as I looked at the both of them and thought about how I wanted to answer.

to be continued...