 Wow...my head was reeling. She even mentioned the two of us going on a camping/fishing trip, or something to keep busy and not get on each other's nerves.

I told Carrie that I'd think about it, and we left it at that. I told her I missed her and hoped she would be home soon.

When I got off the phone I went back to making breakfast and soon Aaron came strolling out of the guest room. Some part of me was happy that he was still naked. It helped tell me that his mood or feelings hadn't changed from talking with Shelly.

He came up to me with a shit-eating grin on his face, slapped my butt and said, "So Stud, everything okay?"

I had to conjure a bit more happiness than I felt, but was pretty sure I sold it when I said, "Yeah fine, all good with you?"

"Yeah, I wouldn't usually be happy for Shelly to tell me that she was staying longer, but it sounds like everything is going to be fine with her sister, it's just going to take longer than they thought, so what do you think about a camping trip?"

"I hadn't even thought about something like that, but it might be good to get away!"

"Well, Bro, a buddy of mine has a cabin and a few acres on a lake about an hour from here, we could swim, fish, bask in the sun for a few days, all private, hell we could do just about whatever we want!"

Through breakfast Aaron was selling me on the beauty of the place, all the things there are to do, and how much fun we could have. It was so hot to be able to sit there and look at this hot man's body of near perfection totally naked all through breakfast. Hell, I almost couldn't concentrate on what he was saying. Then I heard him say, "...so we could be naked the entire time, not have to worry about anyone coming up on us, or our wives surprising us by coming home early, and well you know..."

The thing about the wives kind of raise a bit of guilt in me, but not as strong as you might think. I had never been unfaithful to Carrie in our years together, had barely ever even considered it, and for some reason, I didn't feel like I was now.

Wow, a naked camping trip! I had never thought about anything like that before, but thinking about spending three or four days (not to mention the nights) with this hot man was more interesting than I cared to admit.

I went and got my laptop to see what I needed to have done this week, but since I work from home it wasn't as if I had a schedule to stick to. "I guess I could take my laptop and get some work done while we're there..."

Aaron started laughing and said, "Hell Bro it's so far out in the boonies that there isn't even cell phone reception out there, so no sense in taking a laptop, but thinking about that, no sense in taking anything but some food and some beer!" He laughed again, and said, "that even includes clothes! I love to be buck naked the entire time I'm there!"

In under an hour, we were in his truck heading to the store to load up on enough food and drink for four days. We agreed on things that were easy to fix, and halfway healthy, but we loaded up a little more than a case a day of beer. As we were leaving the liquor department, Aaron stopped and bought a big bottle of tequila! I thought, what the hell and we went through the checkout.

Again we were on the road in less than an hour and less than an hour later we turned off the pavement onto a dirt road. Aaron stopped and through the truck in park. "This is the last time you'll have any cell reception, I'm going to call Shelly and let her know we made it here safely, and then I'm shutting it off.

We both dialed our wives and talked for about 10 minutes, when we went to get in the truck Aaron, suggested I drive so that he could hop out and manage the gate when we got to the property. He told me where to slow down and turn and jumped out, found the hidden key, and opened the gate. I drove through far enough for him to get it closed and he locked it again.

I wasn't paying much attention to Aaron, I was checking out all the computer gadgets on the dashboard in front of me. When Aaron swung the door open, he was naked, threw his clothes in the back seat and jumped in with a big smile on his face! We both started laughing our asses off at that, and it was a great way to start our time together.

I pulled up in front of the cabin and killed the engine. It was a lot nicer than I expected, and Aaron told me his friend Jason who it belonged to had just been up there over the weekend. So the grass was mowed, and everything was in place. Hell, it had electricity, running water, a big fridge, decent kitchen, nice bed, comfortable furniture and a fireplace.

Aaron found the next hidden key and we had the truck unloaded in a shot. I was standing on the porch looking out at the small lake and Aaron came out with a beer in each hand. I said, "Hell Aaron, it will be a couple of hours before those are cold enough to drink!"

"No worries, Jason always leaves beer here, these are ice cold! We'll drink his and leave him some of ours, let's get this party started!"

I cracked my beer and took a big gulp, I felt like I could really let go now, no driving, no work, no wife to nag me about having too many, this was going to be great!

Then I heard Aaron say, "Whoa there son!"

I looked around to see what I had forgotten to carry in the house or what was wrong and couldn't see anything and said, "What?"

Aaron pointed at me and said, "Those!"

Well, I had no idea what he was talking about and raised my shoulders to ask again, "What?"

"Those clothes boy!"

Aaron pointed to a sign over the edge of the porch, it said, "No clothing allowed!"

Aaron grabbed a towel he had brought from inside and with his beer took off running across the yard to the lake. Damn what a site looking at this hot naked man running. I immediately started shedding clothes but before I was even naked I heard the splash of his muscled body entering the water.

I was naked quickly, grabbed my towel and beer and began running to the water. I realized by the way my cock was slapping my belly that I got hard on the run. I did something I'd never done before and dove into the water naked and hard...that was a totally different feeling!

I couldn't believe how freeing it felt to be hard and naked in the water, I was just reveling in the feeling when I felt Aaron come up behind me and his hard cock slide between my thighs. He wrapped his arms around me and made the great feelings intensify. He ran his hands up and down the front of my torso and wrapped his hand around my cock and kissed my neck.

I soon turned around to face him and we smiled at each other and just meddled into each other, it was amazing! Aaron led me back to the edge of the water and we spread our towels out on the soft grass. We were different now, we were alone and private. We had both cum many times in the last 48 hours so the urgency for that wasn't strong, it was the urgency for closeness, uniting our bodies and maybe our spirits.

Our kissing was amazing and our wet bodies were plastered together feeling the warmth of the sun and a mild cool breeze at the same time. It rose goosebumps on both of us, who knew how much was from the breeze and how much was from our connection.

Our hands, mouths, and tongues were everywhere! Our bodies could not have been any closer and not have one of us be penetrated. What amazed me is that this was not, at least for these moments about sex. It was about penetrating each other in other ways. I have never been held so tightly or felt so in tune with anyone before. I don't know who long it went on before we both realized that we were just breathing the air in each other's lungs back and forth. It was no wonder I was seeing stars, feeling so overwhelmed and at the same time so safe, wanted and possessed. Our mouths and our bodies were clenched as tightly together as they could be.

Now, even with the cool breeze, the sweat was pouring off of us, the man scent was strong and pungent, we continued trading what little oxygen that was left in the air in our lungs and then suddenly I shot!

The cum just blasted out of my cock, it pulsed and jerked and flexed between us. Somewhere in the blurry haze I was experiencing from lack of oxygen I heard Aaron tell me that he loved me, again! Then he shot!