 Chapter 13

The things we learned from Howard were incredible, and we had found someone who had once been in the same situation we were now in, and he told us about another masculine man who has learned he is interested in mansex. It didn't solve any of our problems but at least we knew we were not alone, that other men had these same issues.

We rowed the boat together and Aaron mentioned a place that he liked to anchor which we should have done earlier, but then we wouldn't have met Howard and enjoyed the benefit of the knowledge of his life and his grandson's situation.

When we got there Aaron asked me to drop the anchor and he grabbed two ice cold beers out of the cooler and opened them. We each almost chugged them as we had been having hot sex before and when we ran into Howard and the sun had gotten much warmer while we were in the shade near the bank talking with Howard.

Aaron grabbed us each another and we were swigging them like crazy! "That was hot and crazy running into Howard!"

"Yes it was, and he gave us more to think about!"

Aaron smiled and said, "Yes he did, and I know everything is going to be fine, and dammit, I'm horny we didn't finish what we were doing!"

I got an evil grin and said, "I was thinking the same thing, but fuck we're sweaty and have cum all over is, and we smell!"

Then Aaron got an evil grin and said, "Yes, we do, but I'm not going to wash it all off until we cum at least one more time!"

With that, he turned back to the cooler and pulled out a bottle of tequila! We each had a couple of swigs and before you knew it we went right back to eating each other's sweaty asses, just as if our meeting with Howard had never happened! We were grunting and groaning and tongue fucking each other as deeply as we could, the scent was now almost overpowering and I figure that was just driving our horniness to higher levels.

Soon Aaron almost demanded that I fuck him. Well the only downside of that for me is Aaron couldn't keep his tongue in my hole while I fucked him, but I was willing to give so that I could receive...so to speak!

(What we didn't know, is that for the second time in the last hour or so we were again being watched!)

Aaron and I pried ourselves apart long enough to switch positions, he was now kneeling on the seat with his legs spread wide, not only showing me the hairy manhole I had been munching but to help stabilize the boat. With his hands planted securely on the floor, he turned his head back toward me and growled, "Fuck me stud, fuck me hard!"

Well, I think you've read enough about how I like to fuck to know that I was going to very quickly oblige my friend! I grabbed on to Aaron's hips, spit on his hairy hole, spit again on my steel hard cock and plunged right the fuck into him!

Aaron fucking roared, like a lion, or maybe a bear, but it was deep and it was loud, and for a second I thought maybe I had gone too far, maybe I had actually hurt him! Then he turned to me with an almost crazed look on his face and said, "Fuck me you big dicked stud, fuck me as hard as you've ever fucked!"

I was literally pounding Aaron's gorgeous, hairy, muscle butt! It was kind of frantic and wild, and I realized that we needed to settle into a rhythm to keep from tipping the boat. Every once in a while I'd pull all the way out, I could actually see his pink hole and the wet dark hair around it glistening in the sun, it was sooo fucking hot. Then we got into a rhythm where I could actually use the rocking of the boat to help the fucking, and that was very hot!

Suddenly, just for a second, I felt the boat lurch and then it went back to normal, I didn't even look around, I couldn't take my eyes off the amazingly hot sight of my big cock sliding in and out of Aaron's gorgeous hole.

I practically had a death grip on Aaron's hips and was getting ready to kick my hips into high gear I felt a large pair of hands grab my hips!

"Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you, I'm just going to fuck you!"

"What the fuck?"

Aaron was so far into la-la land that he didn't even hear that exchange!

"I saw you guys fucking yesterday, and then I saw you fucking again today, it drove me crazy, I ripped off my clothes over on that little sandbar, and just had to swim over and get into it with you two, I've never seen such hot sex before in my life!"

With that, I felt a thick cock head aimed and then pushed against my hole that was thankfully still wet from Aaron's excellent ass eating!

Aaron was trying to look around to see what was going on, but things were happening way too fast, but at least now he knew there was someone else involved in this crazy hot fuck we were having!

I grabbed onto Aaron tight as I lunged forward from the force of the penetration! Holy fuck, this cock was thicker and longer than Aaron's. It wasn't a brutal penetration, but it shot straight up my ass and hit bottom! Aaron grunted at the additional force of my cock going a little farther into him.

The guy let loose with his hips and started fucking hard and fast! Fuck this was exactly what I was trying to get Aaron to do the other day, but this cock was longer and thicker and I felt every millimeter of it! I wasn't surprised but I was disappointed when I heard him grunt, "I'm gonna nut!"

Soon I felt my insides flooded with cum, I felt like I was going to shoot too! The guy who had just fucked me, I figured was Devyn, soon pulled out and a glance over my shoulder saw him on the floor of the boat leaning back against the seat panting. The bust of his nuts up my butt and fast hard pounding had put me close to going over the edge. I told Aaron I was going to shoot and couldn't stop it, he just grunted, "Me too stud!"

Seconds after we had said that, Devyn, I assumed, said, "Shoot your loads all over me, please!"

Aaron said, "Fuck yeah, let's do it!"

I was operating on autopilot anyway, so I pulled out of Aaron, he turned and stood next to me. We both looked down at the hot naked black man with his huge cock still hard. Aaron kissed me and said, "I've got to try that too!"

With that, he straddled the huge man's thighs and lowered himself down on to the huge cock. He threw his head back and moaned and started sliding up and down stroking his cock, and soon blew his load all over the front of both of them.

He looked up at me and smiled and said, "Your turn!"

He got up and I did the same thing, and in under 3 minutes, I shot all over him too!

I smiled and said, "Well Devyn, how was that?"

"Uhm, how did you know my name?"

"We met your grandfather over there fishing on the bank about an hour ago."

"Oh wow, that's amazing, can't believe you ran into him! I'm sorry I just butted into what you guys were up to, but I saw you guys on the edge of the lake yesterday, and then out here again today and I just couldn't help myself!"

Aaron said, "Well it was a hell of a shock, and I don't know about Kyle, but for me, it was a welcome surprise!"

"Yeah, I didn't have time to think about it, but it was definitely hot!"

"Well I've only done something with another guy a few times, but it was amazing, and I'd like to fuck you both again, and maybe more, but I've got to get home right away!"

Aaron looked at me and raised his eyebrows and I nodded 'yes'.

"Well Devyn, you can come by any time!"

"Okay, I'd like that!"

With that Devyn stood up, with his still hard and large black cock bobbing way out in front of him, he thanked us again and dove back into the lake. Aaron and I looked at each other and both started laughing. I said, "Damn, I just wish he'd have stayed long enough to lick all of our cum off his chiseled chest and belly!"

"Yeah, well as worked up as I am right now, I bet we can mix up another load really fast!"

I laughed and told him that I was still pretty horned up too! We dove onto each other and met in another hot kiss but soon we were lapping all over each other's hot bodies and taking in the sweat and aroma of each other. Then we went on to each other's cocks. Being so worked up from the surprise fuck with Devyn, I dove on Aaron's big cock and at the angle we were in, it suddenly went down my throat! It was hot and amazing and I was happy to have finally managed to deep throat Aaron's cock.

Before I could get used to that, Aaron's tongue was in my ass again, and it felt even more amazing, I guess because I had been stretched even wider by Devyn's thicker cock! "Aw fuck stud!" Aaron moaned!

"What?"

"There is a huge load of Devyn's cum leaking out of your well-fucked hole, buddy it's fucking hot!"

With that I felt his tongue plunge back into me, and he came up and grabbed my face and kissed me and we shared the hot thick load! Aaron slid around and pushed my legs up and slid his cock inside of me, pulled out and brought more of Devyn's load to my lips. As soon as he had as much as he thought he could get with his cock, he was there kissing me again and sharing it.

So much had happened in the last few days, it was as if I was on some kind of high, I just felt totally sexual and sensual when around Aaron. I constantly wanted him inside of me and for me to be inside of him, it was the physical connection that went along with the emotional connection, besides the intense pleasure.

We were all over each other again and all over the boat. After a while I found myself in a previous position, with my butt resting on the edge of the seat, Aaron had a hold of both ankles pounding me, sweating over me, pushing all the way in and all the way back out, it was intense and amazing. Finally I just let my head loll back and he had his way with me.

The sun was warm and we were sweating profusely. For some reason that made it hotter, Aaron was literally pulling his cock out and plunging it in with no hands, that just made it hotter for me. He had this look of total bliss on his face, my arms were up and I could inhale my male scent and his. My ass was making sloppy sounds and he smiled at me and said, "That is so fucking hot when I see you looking and sounding like this, but then it makes me want to switch!"

I was loving it, but what the hell, it all feels good, so we switched. I stood there and watched Aaron position himself on the seat as I had done, raised his legs up and held them open for me, and I let my cock find it's prize and drove in! He threw his head back and moaned and the fuck was on.

After a while I put his legs over my shoulders and leaned in close to him. My mouth was just at his ear, and I punched my cock into him hard and with each plunge I said, "I...am...so...in...love...with...you!"

Aaron threw his head back and started shooting and giving off strangled moans, and I just kept punching my cock into him deep and hard. His ass was doing a dance on my cock, squeezing tight and then relaxing, and now those sloppy squishy sounds were coming from his hole. I could actually not only hear the air escaping from him I could feel it. That pushed me over the edge again, and I shot one surge deep inside of him, pulled my cock out and shot a stripe up his torso, and then plunged back in punching deep on each stroke and emptied my balls inside of him!

We ended up on the floor of the boat in a tangled, sweaty, panting cum streaked mess. We were again kissing like madmen and licking each other's chest and belly bringing whatever cum and sweat we found to each other to share.

When we calmed down a bit and got back to normal breathing Aaron looked at me, with glassy eyes and said, "Tyler, it was more from having you tell me that you love me than you pounding me with that big cock that made me shoot like that, it was amazing!"

We melded into each other with a hot kiss. We laid back and let the sun caress our naked bodies and just basked in the glow. We both knew that we had a major decision to make and a lot of talking to do, but it was too nice, too wonderful, not to just enjoy the moment and the sun.

I could feel the cum drying on my skin. Before now I would have been in a hurry to wash it off, whether it was mine or Carrie's, but with Aaron, it was different. It was a part of him I wanted to keep, it was also mixed with my own, it seemed more like a treasure to keep. I looked at Aaron's tight body and saw the same thing mixed into the dark hair of his tight body.

Aaron saw what I was looking at and smiled and said, "you know sooner or later we're going to have to wash this stuff off..."

I smiled at him and said, "Yeah I know, but for some reason, I don't want to."

"Yeah, me neither, but shit we smell and look a mess."

I bent over and took his leaking cock into my mouth and slurped up all the flavor I could and then gave his stomach and chest a tongue bath, ending up, licking his ripe pits. I came to his face and kissed him again, and he said, "My turn!"

He did the same to me and then we ended up in a sixty-nine position with him on top. I pushed my way back to his hairy hole and started lapping, waiting for the prize I expected. His or I should say 'our' aroma was awesome. Slowly my load started leaking out and I took it, savored it and brought it to him to share.