 My apologies for posting the same chapter twice! So sorry...hope some of the hot action in this chapter makes up for it!

*****

Chapter 12

I was coming to and felt a strange sensation deep inside of me. I started to move but realized I was with Aaron and he had his arms wrapped tightly around me. I felt a presence inside of me and it was growing and thickening. "Holy shit we had slept like this the entire night, with his cock planted in my butt!"

Soon, slowly almost imperceptibly he started moving! It felt amazing! His cock had been inside of me for hours and I guess my insides had conformed to his shape. It felt as if it belonged there. I could tell by Aaron's breathing that he was still sleeping so I laid totally still and let his body, not his mind have its way with me.

Aaron is an incredible lover even in his sleep. His movements were gentle and caring, his arms still wrapped tightly around me, I laid there as his body made moves all on its own. My morning wood was so hard it hurt. He was massaging my prostate over and over again. I knew I was going to shoot!

My breath as coming hard and his was increasing, my body started responding beyond my control and was massaging his throbbing cock from deep inside of me. I started shooting and I could tell he was too!

I knew 'that' woke him up!

"Jesus Stud, did I just fuck you in my sleep?"

"Yeah, you animal, you just shot your first load of the day and weren't even awake! You made me shoot too!"

Aaron rolled on top of me still deep in me and fucked for a while longer. Then I heard him chuckle, "If I don't pull out of you soon, your second load in there is going to be my piss!"

I laughed at the thought of that, and said, "Well Stud as intriguing as that sounds I don't know if I'm ready for that, get that monster out of me before you unleash a torrent of beer piss inside of me!"

He pulled out with a loud plop and got up, I was surprised when instead of heading to the bathroom he headed to the front door. As soon as his cock was out of me, I realized how badly I needed to piss and jumped up and ran behind him.

We stood on the front porch, each letting a huge stream of piss fly making the sounds men make when they are letting lose a good morning piss. We were standing side by side and Aaron reached for my cock and held it while I pissed. I looked at him and smiled and we kissed and pissed, besides being a little strange it was hot!

We finished pissing and broke our kiss, it was a gorgeous morning and Aaron told me to enjoy, that he was going to make some coffee. I stayed on the porch enjoying the beauty of the surroundings and the morning sun on the lake and Aaron came back soon. Just seeing this hot man walk toward me naked was a joy.

He had a big smile on his face and said, "Man we should spend the day on the water today!"

"That sounds great!"

We talked about fishing and such, and when the coffee was ready I went and got us both a cup. I came back to the site of Aaron sprawled on one of the chairs on the porch, muscular body wide open, and big cock and balls hanging off the edge of the chair, as it was going through my mind what a hot sight he was, he smiled at me and said, "Damn Stud, I don't know if I enjoyed the view of you walking away, or walking toward me more!"

I jerked my hips in a way that made my now soft cock flop around and we both laughed.

We lounged in the chairs for two cups of coffee each and Aaron said, "If you throw some breakfast together, I'll gather up some fishing gear, get the boat ready and we can pack a cooler full of drinks and snacks and have a lazy day on the lake!"

Sounds like a winner to me. I stood to go into the cabin and before I walked away, Aaron slapped my ass, and said, "Get me some breakfast bitch!"

We both laughed at that, and I went inside, the next time I looked out Aaron was off doing his thing. I put us together a nice hearty breakfast as we'd had very little to eat the day before. In a little over an hour, we were heading down to the edge of the lake. There was an old rowboat with fishing gear, cooler, towels and everything Aaron could think we might need.

He told me to get in and move to the back of the boat, he expertly pushed off and stepped in without getting wet. He positioned himself on the middle seat, and for the next 20 minutes or so, I just lounged back and watched Aaron's tight muscled body work the oars to move the boat to where he wanted it. It was an awesome site! Even though watching his big shoulder, arm and chest muscles work the oars, my eyes couldn't help but travel lower. His tight abs contracted on every stroke and his big cock and balls moved up and down on and off the seat as he worked. Hell, I threw another boner looking at this hot site.

Aaron laughed when he noticed it! Being naked there was no hiding it, and at any other time, with any other person I would have been embarrassed too, but not with this hot man!

Aaron got an evil look on his handsome and masculine face, dropped the oars and dove on my cock. His mouth is truly as amazing as his butt, and I was reveling in the attention he was giving my cock and balls. I decided right then and there to get better at giving him head! He gave awesome head, and I had only really sucked his cock a bit a couple of times, we seemed to just fuck and kiss and I knew there was so much more.

Aaron looked up and noticed that we were no longer heading in the direction he wanted to take us, so he raised up, gave me a wet and juicy kiss that tasted of my precum and smiled and said, "More later Stud!"

It made me happy to see that he too was now fully hard as he got back into position to propel the boat.

I smiled as I looked at his hot body straining against the oars all of his muscles flexing, and his big balls now perched on the edge of the seat and his hard cock right up against his tight hairy abs. I leaned back to stretch and held my hands behind my head and when I turned to the side I got a full rush of my ripe pits!

Wow, the odor was strong, but instead of taking in the scent as something bad, as I had been taught, I enjoyed the full masculine aroma. Fuck, the last shower I had was the day before when Aaron and I finished a hot session in the morning, and I hadn't put deodorant on, and neither had he.

I whiffed again, and Aaron was watching me and smiled, stopped rowing for a minute and whiffed himself. "Man, I smell like a goat!" "Well maybe you do, but I smell like a man, and I'll bet you do too!"

This was totally out of character for me, and a little bit bold, but I moved off my seat and went to him and pushed his arm up and whiffed him, fuck! It was as strong as mine and similar, but there was a subtle difference. I liked it so much I whiffed again, and so did he. Then he told me he wanted to smell me. He buried his face in my pit, took a deep breath in and said, "Oh fuck, that's hot, all man!"

Then he surprised the shit out of me and licked from the bottom of my pit, right through the sweaty hair and up to my bicep, then kissed my full arm muscle. I smiled at him and kissed him, and could smell myself on him.

I pulled away and said, "Now I want to smell those big hairy balls of yours that are dripping sweat off the seat!"

My tongue and lips made my way down his tight hairy body and I took in the scents and tastes of the hot man I loved all the way to the leaking head of his fat cock. I swirled my tongue around the head to taste the clear juice that was leaking and buried my face in this thick, dark, sweaty bush. Fuck the scent was amazing. Now I wondered if I'd ever be able to spend much time in a locker room and not get ragingly hard? How could I have previously found this hot male scent kind of gross, even though I had smelled myself plenty?

Finally, I left his cock and bush and made my way to his trimmed balls. I like it that like mine they weren't shaved and didn't have stubble. I had tried shaving mine but hated the feel of them sticking to my thigh, and hated worse the stubbly feel. Carried wasn't much into giving head, so it wasn't much of an issue to pretty much leave my pubes alone, and I loved it that Aaron did the same.

The scent was awesome, and so was the texture and the feel. Aaron continued to row for most of this as I licked sucked and smelled every inch of his crotch. I was afraid I would lick away his scent, but somehow it seemed that my saliva intensified it!

Something came over me and I had to have more, I wanted to devour this man! I put my hands behind his knees and raised his legs to bring his hot, sweaty hairy manhole up to give me access to it. You have to realize it had gotten warm, he was working away and his hot butthole had been plastered to the seat of the boat. I didn't even lick him at first, I just buried my nose into his hairy crack and inhaled.

I felt a surge of precum almost squirt out of my cock. I was eating him like I was starving. It hit me that if I was precuming like this Aaron probably was too. So a made the long journey from his hot smelly hole, across his hairy taint, over his hairy ball sack, and up the long thick shaft of his cock!

I was rewarded with the slick, sweet juice leaking from his cock slit, and slurped it up. Aaron let out a loud moan of appreciation and I swirled my tongue around the head encouraging more fluid. "Ahw fuck Stud!"

I slid up to his face and kissed him sharing the sweet tastes and he moaned. "Fuck Bro, if that's what my ass crack smells like, I should bottle it!"

I laughed and said, "I don't think so, I want to spend so much time there licking, there won't be any left for anyone else to enjoy!"

I laid down on the floor of the boat and encouraged Aaron to step forward and then squat on my face as he had done my cock the day before. This splayed his ass crack wide, and he lowered it to my waiting face and tongue.

Again it was amazing. I was taking in his scent as if it was a new and better form or oxygen. I just kept licking and inhaling. I don't know what overcame me but I placed my lips around his slightly extended butthole, and sucked!

Aaron let out a loud groan, and when he relaxed from the shock I shot my tongue as deep into his open hole as it would go, he hollered and I sucked on his hole again! That seemed to drive my tongue a bit father into him and he actually sounded like a pig. He was grunting and snorting and now mashing his ass against my face so hard I couldn't breathe.

I had to push him up a bit to get my next breath, but not until I really needed it. Soon he was back down again splaying his hole wider, and I sucked again and shoved my tongue in farther. He hollered again and then grunted, "I want yours too!"

He grabbed my legs and pulled them and me up and buried his face in my crack. He moaned, "Oh Fuck Kyle, that's amazing!"

We rolled around the floor of the boat, working to get our faces buried as deep in each other's cracks and our tongues buried as deep in each other's holes as possible. There was a lot more sweating, moaning and heavy breathing going on. The boat was rocking but we didn't pay any attention to it, it didn't seem near tipping, so we just carried on not paying attention to anything except each other.

After a while, we heard and felt the boat bump into something and it was the bank of the lake. Aaron looked up, I couldn't see anything because my entire face was covered with his hairy butt. However, we both bolted up when we heard a voice say, "Well if you two don't come up for air soon, you're going to probably pass out, and maybe run into my fishing lines!"

Aaron jumped off of me! We were both shocked that there was anyone even in the area, since we were on a private lake, with all the surrounding property owned by Aaron's friend. We both started sputtering and apologizing, for being found like this and disturbing what appeared to be a well put together older black man.

The man just smiled and kind of chuckled. "Well I don't really care how far you two stick your tongues up each other's buttholes, it was kind of fun to watch you two go at it, but I'm afraid if you keep letting that boat drift this way, you're going to mess up my fishing lines!"

"Uhm Mister, what the hell are you doing here anyway, this is private property?"

"My grandson Devyn is the game warden in this county, he's friends with Jason, the guy who owns the land, he gave Devyn and me permission to come here to fish anytime, since this lake is loaded, and not much fishing goes on here. So were you guys fishing?"

I was so embarrassed I couldn't talk! We didn't even have any clothes to pull on to cover ourselves so I just had to sit there with my hard-on in full view. Aaron muttered, "Well we hadn't gotten to that part yet."

The man laughed and said, "Well I see a couple of big poles but they're not the kind you'd catch any fish with!" and then he laughed at his own joke, even harder yet!

Aaron started again, "Well listen..."

"You guys don't have to explain anything to me, I used to be your age, I know how it can be when two muscled, well-endowed men get together out in the middle of nowhere, been there myself boys, I had some great times, but it's been a while. I'm glad I told my grandson about those days too, he was surprised at first, but now he's glad."

I finally got my ability to speak back, "He's glad you had sex with other men?"

"He's glad I told him about it, and that it's okay, because apparently he's married to a cold fish and she thinks his penis is too big to suck, and almost too big to get fucked with, he's hung about like you two, maybe a little bigger, so now he's found a way to get some relief. He's much easier to get along with now that he isn't so frustrated anymore."

I ask again, "So he's married and has sex with men?"

"Yep, he wears a wedding ring just like you two and just like I did!"

"You're still wearing one now."

"Yeah, but that one was the love of my life. I met a good man who was just as frustrated as I was. We became friends, used to slip off for a night during the week, then once in a while a weekend fishing or hunting trip, finally we spent an entire week together," he chuckled at a thought, "never wore a stitch the entire week, and we decided we were in love and wanted to spend the rest of our lives together."

I couldn't resist asking about that! "Well," he told us, "it was a little tough telling the wives, but they got over it and we had almost 40 years of doing exactly what you two were just doing, and more, there wasn't anything we wouldn't try with each other, we loved and were that hot for each other. He had a sudden heart attack a few years ago, and no one has made me feel that way again, so I'll spend the rest of my time with him in my memory."

"Wow, I'm sorry you lost him!"

"So am I, so am I, but I wouldn't trade those years for anything in the world, and I hope someday Devyn finds someone he feels like that about."

Aaron said, "Well we're pretty new to this, we don't really know what we're doing or what's going to happen, we're not going to talk about it until tomorrow."

"I figured that, no one goes after another man's ass like that unless it's all new to them, but it would be wonderful if they did! but that's a good idea, let the hormones rule for a while, then let the brains kick in and decide the right thing to do."

I said, "yeah, we're a bit overwhelmed by all of this and a little confused, neither of us has ever thought about being gay before!"

"Well son, being in love with someone isn't something a man decides, and neither is being "gay" as they now call it, I just call it being a happy man! You don't need to wear pink or wave a flag, just enjoy being with the person you love and who makes you so excited you can't keep your hands off of him."

Aaron said, "I never thought about it like that!"

"Well these guys who do all the political work have the right idea, everyone should have the same rights, it's the ones who feel they need to shove it in someone's face and wear embarrassing outfits that make me want to hurl! They should still be real men, things would be accepted a lot easier."

We finally introduced ourselves to him and found out his name is Howard. He said, "Well I guess my fishing is about finished for the day, and I 'know' you two want to get back to what you were doing. If you guys don't mind, I may mention you to my grandson, he's still pretty confused and it would do him well to speak to some others who have the same feelings and situation."

I said, "Well Howard, that would be okay I guess, but we don't have much experience at this and don't know what we're going to do."

"Yeah and be sure to tell him if he stopped by we probably won't be wearing any clo...I mean a stitch!"

Howard chuckled at that, "Well boys, from what I saw I'm pretty sure you guys are going to end up together, you'd be crazy not to, and maybe it will help you guys thrash it out with a third disinterested party to listen."

By this time Aaron and I felt very comfortable around Howard and we ended up sitting next to each other on the middle boat seat. I said, "You think we'll be a, well a couple?"

Howard smiled and said, "Tyler, don't give up the best thing that ever happened to you, the hottest man you've ever met, sex that's hotter than anything you've ever dreamed of, for worrying about what other's might think. I did that for a short period of time and almost lost the love of my life, but it didn't take me long to realize life isn't worth living without the one you love!"

Aaron said, "Wow Howard, you are an amazing man!"

"Yes I am Aaron, because I had an amazing man help me become one, now you two get back to all that hot sex, enjoy and love each other, I'll tell Devyn to hold off coming by until at least tomorrow, so you guys can fuck each other's brains out today and tonight, before you start having those serious talks about the future."

We said our goodbyes, and Howard finished with, "You'll find me right about here most days about this time, well except Sundays when I have to go have dinner with Devyn and his grouchy wife!" With that, he waved us on and went back to tending his fishing poles.

Howard hollered back to us, "And don't worry about your privacy, I've been coming here since before Jason owned the place, the only people I've ever seen here are the friends Jason let's come stay, so except for me and Devyn, you guys will be alone, enjoy!"

We both waved back. Aaron and I both stayed on the seat, grabbed an oar and moved off the bank.

We were quiet for a bit and then Aaron said, "Howard is a very nice, very wise and an amazing man and it was great talking to him, but fuck I need a drink!"

"Almost the best idea you've had all day!"