 This story is a fantasy, nothing more. It's not real; please don't leave feedback saying that you can't believe that this really happened. If you don't like gay sex or like reading about one man's sexual fantasies, please don't leave negative feedback because you were "surprised".

*****

A career change nine years ago has me driving all over North America on my way to photo assignments instead of sitting in an office all day. I much prefer being by myself in the car all day, it gives me the time and the freedom to think, and to fantasize. And, sometimes, to jerk off as I fantasize. Who's going to see me, a truck driver? They're usually texting anyway. Sometimes I jerk off just to see if anyone notices, and even better, to see if they notice and take an interest. I've had some naughty encounters on the road that have started because someone saw me working on myself, so to speak, and they got me to pull off the road and we ended up rolling around in the grass or they ended up pushing their cock in my ass in a rest stop bathroom stall and unloading their hot cum or pissing in there. 

It's been too long since I've been with anyone so I was looking forward to a few hours of masturbating on a stretch of two-lane road in New Mexico on my way east of Santa Fe. I just had a grueling two-day photo shoot and I didn't have much time for fun while I was in town. I decided to have some fun in the car while I drove east towards hot, dusty Oklahoma. 

It was hot, which I always loved because it gave me an excuse to take off my shirt and sweat. I have a big, thick towel that I drape over the seat when I'm in the car so I can sweat without worrying about ruining the upholstery, and it was already in the 80s that morning so I was sweating already. Another reason for the towel is that before I leave my hotel every morning I squeeze a big dollop of Vaseline in my ass so I'm ready for anything at any time. I like to be taken by surprise so that gives me a chance to have fun with as little friction as possible if someone feels the need to take me when I'm not expecting it. I have an incredible fantasy about being taken as I'm standing at a urinal in a remote rest stop, which has been more than just a fantasy quite a few times. I'm in my late-30s and am in the best shape of my life so I don't have a problem being seen without a shirt on, in fact it turns me on to think that men, and also women, may have nasty thoughts about me when they see me shirtless and glistening with sweat. Of course, my standard driving pants are stretchy gym shorts so I have plenty of room to loosen things up as I need to.

There is a legendary rest stop that I always visit when I'm on that stretch of road in New Mexico, but I didn't have any luck on this visit. Nobody else was there; it was just my shirtless, sweaty self with my loose gym shorts and flip-flops on, but I was ready for action with no underwear and a greased-up hole. I usually saw the same two guys at the rest stop, one of them was the janitor there and the three of us have had some wild times. It's deserted there so it's rare to see anyone else other than those two dirty guys. Maybe a friend of theirs who knew about me being there and they'd join in, but otherwise a person could do almost anything there and nobody would know about it, or hear it. Before I hit the urinal, I grabbed a mop from the janitor's closet and set it up on a corner of the wall and slide it up my ass a few times as I starting pissing, wishing that there would be another human there pounding into my ass as I unloaded my bladder in the urinal. It felt great to slide that dirty mop handle in my slippery asshole. 

I debated on whether to keep it up and jerk off to leave my mark on the wall as I've done so many times in the past as those two guys, or some other stranger, pounded into my sweaty, greased-up asshole as I was standing at the urinal, grabbing onto my sweaty, slippery hips as they were bending me over and ramming their cock between my cheeks over and over again until they shot their hot cum in there and then filled me with hot piss, but I decided to wait and keep it up in the car instead. Who knows, a truck driver might actually look away from his phone long enough to look down and see my cock in my hand and want to pull over for a quick session. I left the end of the mop handle full of my ass juice and Vaseline mix so they would know that I was there and they missed me. I knew that they would be sorry to have missed using me as their dirty, little sex toy again. I walked to the car with a full hard on poking out the front of my stretchy shorts, but nobody was there to see it so it was a wasted effort. I got back in the car, pulled my shorts down a bit, and started heading east again, writhing around on my greasy hole, oozing Vaseline in the hot car, I felt so dirty..

After four hours of being in the car I had just crossed the border to Oklahoma and I was hungry. The hotel breakfast wasn't too well-stocked and it was time to grab something. I pulled in to a little town of 430 hundred people and stopped at a local drive-thru place called "Quickie Stop", right next to the town high school. The name was intriguing if nothing else and I could imagine that they got all the help they needed from high school students, not to mention all the jokes they could handle from the name. They were just switching over to the lunch menu but as I was talking into the drive-thru speaker I asked about giving me some oatmeal and they agreed. I like to have oatmeal at least once or twice a day, it makes for a nice, solid.. well, you know.. Again, I like to be prepared for what anyone might want to do.

I had been having fun with my cock for the last couple of hours in the car and it was just softening up as I was in the drive-thru lane, but it still poked out the front of my loose shorts. Luckily I remember to pull my shorts up and poke my cock back underneath my shorts; I've been caught with my shorts down in the past. When I got to the first window to pay, the young guy there seemed surprised, and pleased, that I didn't have a shirt on and that I was glistening with sweat from not using the AC and from it being so hot outside. He was even more pleased when he looked down and saw my bulging dick filling out the front of my shorts! He must have just graduated high school and this was his summer job before college, I assumed. He looked like he was just eighteen and was built like a football player, again, I assumed from the high school next door. Oddly, he looked like Justin Bieber a little bit, but maybe another thirty pounds bigger. He had the classic Bieber hair from the early years but this kid was bigger. I was probably twenty years older than this kid was, old enough to be his dad, which I thought was strange and, naughty. At 6'-5" tall, I think I had a few inches on him, at least in height. 

He was mumbling and fumbling with my credit card and receipt, flustered from looking at my bare chest and cock bulge in my shorts, and when he reached out to hand me the card and receipt he accidentally dropped them in my lap! Without hesitation he bent forward out of his drive-thru window and reached down and picked them up and when he did that he grabbed onto my cock and squeezed it. His eyes lit up, as did mine! He was looking right at me as he bent into the car window and his hand was squeezing my cock, which was now getting harder in his hand. He started stroking it a bit and then he must have realized how strange that looked and he went back inside the drive-thru window.

He said, "I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself, it was just too inviting."

I said, "I wish you would have kept it up, I would have had some special sauce for you in a minute! That felt great, you have a nice touch."

Then he said, "I was about to add my own special sauce to my pants. Sorry again, I don't know what came over me."

I said, "I almost came over you, or at least over your hand. If my cock would have been out of my pants I think we might have had a geyser. I'd love to meet and talk about our mutual interests if you'd be up for that? I think we could have a lot of fun together."

He said, "I'd love that. I get off in an hour, well, you know what I mean. Some of us smokers meet in the back of the dumpster enclosure, the thing way over the corner of the parking lot back there with the big, wood doors. Nobody ever goes in there but us. We've sort of made it into a little hangout with a couple of chairs and a cot. Why don't you meet me there in an hour?"

I said, "I'll get my food and think of things that we can talk about... or do, and I'll meet you back there in an hour. Back there, I like the sound of that, I'm ready for something back there.. I'm looking forward to it, as you could tell from grabbing my receipt, and other things."

I drove to the next window to pick up my oatmeal and iced coffee and there was yet another young guy at the window, and he seemed to know to look down at my lap. Did the other guy send him a text about it or something? Or, is that just what he does? I guess a person can become a pervert working in a place like that, looking down at people's laps and down women's shirts all day long. He had a smirky smile on his face as he handed me my food and said, "See ya later." I wonder what he meant; maybe he was just being friendly.

I sat in the far corner of the parking lot and ate my oatmeal and drank my iced coffee and I had my cock out the whole time. I worked it into a steel-like implement and then let it settle back down and did that over and over again in that hour. It was as plumped up as I had ever seen it. I wanted to be sure to impress this kid, or those two young guys, or whoever would be joining us back here in the dark corner of the parking lot. There was a big tree that shaded the dumpster so it would be fairly dark in there. It was a perfect day, sunny and in the low-80s. There was an odd smell in this town, I don't know if they had a meat processing plant or an oil refinery or what it was. I guess Oklahoma is known for crude oil, which must have been what it was.

There was handful of young, male workers carrying small bags of garbage out to the dumpster in that hour. I couldn't figure out why they didn't wait until the bags were full like they normally do, maybe they were just goofing off, trying to get out of work. There was also a late-20s African American woman that carried a small bag out into the dumpster enclosure. She was a little heavy, not too much but not skinny. She had the most incredible set of butt cheeks! They protruded out almost like a drawing of the perfect ass. I wrenched on my cock when she came out there as I watched her incredible ass bouncing back and forth, squeezed against those tight, hot, black, stretchy uniform pants. I imagined what it would be like to bend her over, pull those tight, stretchy pants down, spank those luscious cheeks, and then squeeze my cock in-between those incredibly hot ass cheeks and into her tight little naughty hole. It was all I could do to not think about fucking her shit hole as the football team worked on my shit hole. She must have been the manager, she was about ten years, or more, older than the rest of the workers.

After an hour of waiting and anticipating, I got out of the car and grabbed the handle of the dumpster enclosure. It was hot, super hot, with the sun beating on the front of the doors but the back was in deep shade. I pulled on the left door and it opened a bit and I stepped in and closed it behind me. There was a classic old-food dumpster smell in there but luckily there was a breeze so it kept the air moving. I stood there for a few minutes and noticed a couple of the small bags lying on the ground and some things lying on top of the dumpster in the sun, like old hot dogs or something. I remembered that he said that they meet behind the actual dumpster so I went back there to wait for him. There was another bag back there and it was, like I thought, pretty dark back there with the big shade tree above. I sat in one of the chairs and started to imagine what was going to happen and my cock started to spring to life again. There were a few odd things lying around on the ground, one of which was an inflatable arm ring for a child, like they would wear on their arm in a swimming pool, so I picked it up. I noticed that the opening looked a little dirty, covered with dust that had stuck to it, but it was slippery, like someone had greased it up and had been using it to slide their cock in, so I thought, why not. I put it on the cot, got up there, slid my shorts down and got onto that hole like it was someone's ass. It felt great, so dirty, so naughty, fucking into a dirty, hot, greasy, inflatable hole that others have fucked into and probably cummed on and in! Such a dirty, naughty boy! My cock was raging in no time as I fucked that inflatable, tight, hot, slippery hole. 

I didn't hear the door opening but I heard someone say, "Don't move, that's perfect right there." It was an old-sounding voice, definitely not one of the young guys working in the restaurant. Who was it? Some random stranger or some homeless guy that was just checking out dumpsters for food and now he was about to rape my ass! Was it the football coach? I was wondering if the football coach and the team members ever fucked around. And, there I was, totally naked, on my stomach on a hot, old, dirty cot, in a hot, old, dirty dumpster enclosure, in a hot, old, dirty parking lot, in a hot, old, dirty town in Oklahoma and I was about to get raped by a hot, old, dirty cock! I felt rough hands on my waist holding me down flat and then they got up on the cot with me but I couldn't turn around or see who it was. They were pinning me down to the cot and lying on top of my back and ass. SLAP! He was slapping my sweaty ass! SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! I felt fabric on my back like a jacket or something; did he have a jacket on today when it was 80 degrees outside? It must be a homeless guy with a trenchcoat on that he just opened up to force himself on me. He smelled dirty and boozie, he must have been drunk, or maybe it was the dumpster, I couldn't tell, but there was a new smell in there, like someone who hadn't taken a shower in a while and had too must to drink. An old, dirty, smelly cock was going to fuck into my ass and it meant business, they were going to fuck me whether I wanted it or not. I was about to be raped by a total stranger!

And then, there it was, I felt a soft cock head pressing on my greasy, sweaty, asshole! It was pushing between my sweaty butt cheeks. I clenched my asshole but he slapped my ass hard so I relaxed my hole a bit and his cock started to sink into my already-slippery hole. I was glad that I had put some Vaseline up there earlier or this wouldn't be as fun as it was, wondering what he was going to do, how big his cock was, how long he would last fucking into my tight, pink hole, how much hot sperm he would shoot up my ass, what else would he want to do to me. His fat, soft cockhead was squeezing in and in, farther and deeper, slowly snaking its way up my naughty asshole. It felt great to be taken against my will like this by a total stranger. I felt so dirty, so nasty, so naughty, like I deserved to be punished and abused by this stranger's dirty cock and to be his cum and piss depository. I was hoping that he would fuck me hard and long and be rough with me and slap and spank me and fill me up with his hot cum and use my ass as a urinal.

"Plop", his cock head plopped through, and was now fully engulfed in my tight, little shit hole. He kept pushing his hard, fat, smelly cock deeper and deeper into my ass, stretching it out with every inch. He was lying on my back and I could feel his beard rubbing on my neck and back, he was grinding it into my back and was drooling or spitting on my back. I felt so dirty, like I deserved to be treated this way. His cockhead was now fully in my ass and he kept slowly pushing his shaft deeper, forcing his cock into my poor, tight hole, holding me down onto that cot with his calloused hands, pushing me down with my hard cock still in the inflatable ring. He was breathing his horrible breathe on my naked, sweaty neck, kissing the back of my neck but being rough at the same time. He kept slapping my ass and pulling my ass cheeks apart with his rough, dry hands as he continued to snake his dirty cock up deep into my ass until he was all the way in me and was just lying on my back with his dirty, smelly cock in me up to his sweaty, smelly, dirty balls. He was lying still and pulsating his cock and pushing it in like he was trying to get his whole body up my ass. His dirty, smelly trench coat was draped over me like he was Dracula.

I had a feeling that I was in for a rough ride with this character, whoever it was. It's a much different scenario then I thought would be happening right now. I thought I would be having a couple of inexperienced, clean eighteen-year old football players taking turns at holding me down and fucking the shit out of my ass, literally; pounding into me fast and hard before exploding deep in my asshole, filling me with their hot, young cum over and over again. Who knows what kind of abuse my little asshole is going to have to endure with this dirty, rough stranger. My poor little innocent asshole was about to be raped by an old, dirty, smelly stranger's cock in this old, dirty, smelly dumpster enclosure; not the clean, young, football players' cocks that I thought would be happening right now!...