 Several years ago, while preparing for a trip to Grand Rapids, I did my usual and searched for ads on Craigslist. A posting from Ken caught my attention. He posted a photo of him sitting at the end of a bed, naked, with an erection. While the photo wasn't very clear or revealing, I did find him to be attractive and I certainly found his cock to be appealing. I responded to his ad, not expecting to hear back. To my pleasant surprise, he wrote back a day later and we struck up a conversation, which led to us deciding to meet.

While waiting for Ken to arrive, I switched on my laptop and began watching some of my favorite XTube videos. I was nervous and wanted to put myself at ease. Normally when watching my vids I strip naked and stroke my cock; today, however, was different because I had a date! I kept my clothes on and, while still getting aroused, I resisted the urge to play with my cock. Then there came a knock at the door.

My stomach in butterflies, I rose to answer it. There stood Ken. He came in and it was a bit awkward because I didn't know if I should hug him, kiss him, or just shake hands. We shook hands.

Picking up my courage, I said, "Wow, it's really nice to meet you. Thanks for coming over!"

We exchanged pleasantries and then I said, "I was just watching some videos. Care to take a look?"

"Of course!" he said.

We walked over to the desk and I sat in the chair and played my favorite vid. This vid is a close up of a guy's hole at the bottom of the screen. From the top of the screen a cock lowers and enters the hole. It's an amazing piece of videography and it ends with the cock exploding and then being pulled out, with all the juices in tow.

As the video was playing, Ken put his hand on my thigh. I reached down and undid my shoes. Ken suggested that I get out of my pants, which I managed to do while sitting at the desk. My cock was getting hard and Ken could see that as he was kneeling next to me watching the screen. He stood up and said, "I'm going to get out of these clothes."

With that I stood up, too, my underwear in a tent. Seeing that, Ken reached to pull down my underwear as I slipped out of my shirt. He then dropped to his knees and put his hands on my cock. "Wow, this is really nice!" he exclaimed as he took it into his mouth.

As his tongue ran around my cock, it finished getting hard. Ken expertly sucked me almost to the point of no return. I pulled my cock from his mouth and he stood up. He said, "Now I'm getting out of these clothes!" He disrobed completely and stood before me. I admired his body, even though he was a bit portly. I didn't care. Here was a guy standing before me, naked in all his glory, with an erection. I looked into his eyes as I reached for his cock. His cock wasn't big and was quite a bit smaller than mine. But he was shaved, and that is very important to me. I ran my fingers around his sack and it was completely smooth. I make sure that my sack is totally shaved but most guys I've been with don't. Ken's scrotum was soft and velvety, and I had to have it.

As Ken did a few minutes earlier, I dropped to my knees and took him into my mouth while cupping his sack with the fingers of my left hand. As I ran my tongue up and down his shaft I massaged his balls. His cock felt great in my mouth. As anyone knows who's ever had a cock in his (or her) mouth, an erect penis is both hard and soft. The shaft is rigid yet the skin encasing it is soft and supple. The head of Ken's cock was pronounced, and I enjoyed running my tongue around its perimeter.

After a few minutes Ken pulled me up and said, "Whoa! You're going to make me cum!"

Clearly it was too early for that. I stood up and said, "Let's get on the bed."

Ken laid down on the bed and I climbed between his legs and began to lick his sack. He really enjoyed that, as did I. I then moved my focus to his cock, which was standing straight up and pointing at the ceiling. I put my left hand so that the top of his cock was touching my palm and I began to lick the underside of his cock. I ran my tongue from underneath his sack all the way up to the tip of his cock head, swallowing his cock when I reached the tip. He was getting close so we switched positions. Ken took my cock in his right hand and ran his tongue all over my private parts. I normally much prefer to give head than to receive it but this time it was different; I was really enjoying the attention and treatment that Ken was giving my cock.

As I was getting close, I told Ken to lay back down. I wanted to feel his cock inside me so I climbed on top of him, straddling his body with a knee on each side. I reached back and tried to guide his cock into my hungry hole but I couldn't get it in. Ken had a bit of a belly and the length of his cock just wouldn't allow me to ride him. Understanding where I wanted this to go, Ken stood up at the end of the bed and I rolled over onto my back, my legs spread and knees in the air. I shimmied down to the end of the bed and put a pillow under my butt. Without saying so, I was inviting Ken into me. Ken obliged my invitation by pointing his cock to my waiting hole and he slid it in. He let my hole adjust for a moment and I relished the intense feeling of pleasure that was engulfing my body. I am very much a bottom and the moment a cock enters me is such a wonderful and almost overpowering feeling. Ken's erection felt absolutely wonderful inside me as he started to pump slowly. I extended my legs so that my ankles were at his shoulders. He took an ankle in each hand and continued to fuck me as I lay there in complete ecstasy. My eyes were closed as I thoroughly enjoyed what he was doing to me. My own cock was partially erect but then I felt Ken's tongue touch the sole of my right foot and my cock jumped immediately to attention. I have an intense foot fetish and, while we never discussed this, I knew Ken also shared the same thing. He continued to lick my foot while he was fucking me and I was completely beyond myself. I began to touch my own ball sack ever so lightly as Ken gave me probably the best fucking I'd ever had.

After a while Ken pulled out. My eyes were still closed with pleasure and I then felt his tongue rubbing my hole. I almost exploded at that instant! Ken clearly enjoyed licking and sucking my hole, and I couldn't get enough of it!! Ken was completely in charge, which is exactly what I wanted. He then stood up and pushed his cock into me again.

He pumped a few times and exclaimed, "I'm going to cum!!"

I encouraged him with, "Oh yes! I want you to cum inside me!"

With that, his cock exploded inside me and his thrusts slowed and then subsided. His cock fell out of me and I knew instantly what I had to do. I sat up, slid off the end of the bed and I took his cock into my mouth. I loved the melded flavors of his cum and my insides. I hadn't cum so I laid back on the bed and stroked my cock, with Ken watching me do so. I was so worked up that it took only a few strokes before I exploded all over my stomach and chest. While looking into Ken's eyes, I rubbed my cum into my skin. Ken very much enjoyed my show and said, "That was so hot!"

As he got dressed to leave there wasn't any debate in my mind as to how I would say goodbye. As he got to the door, I stood behind him, naked, and kissed him and hugged him. He kissed me back and we exchanged our tongues. We broke and promised to get together again during my next visit.