 It had been about three weeks since I had found myself in a hotel room, blindfolded and serving a dick for the first time. Whomever it was that face fucked me, took my anal virginity and left my ass filled with cum had not sent any messages or left any hint as to when and if I'd have another chance to be a cock slut. My work days were now filled with looking around wondering which of the guys it could be. Is it someone I meet with regularly, someone I pass in the bathroom, or maybe somebody in a separate area of work that I have never seen before? I found myself consumed with trying to figure it out. There is no way a mushroom head like that could be hidden easily, therefore I would catch glimpses of guys crotches all day, hoping to spy the telltale outline of the head that popped into my willing ass for the first time. 

After work I would rush home, strip down, clean up and use toys on my ass all through the evening and into the night. I wanted to be as capable as those porn sluts the next time I was able to be of service to that incredible cock. I soon began going to adult stores and shamelessly buying multiple toys and slutty underwear. My favorite combo of toys soon became a rather large plug which I would work into my ass and then leave while I stroked my hard dick. After about 10 minutes I would take it out, enjoy the gape of my relaxed ass, and then work in a huge dildo that has become my favorite. I went from never having a cock in my ass to daily cravings of taking the biggest dicks I could find. 

Finally, late one weekday night, my phone made a distinct sound. I rushed over to read the message that I had been waiting for. Instead of cryptic words or directions for the next meeting, I was greeted by a picture of a smooth ass with a gaping hole and a gorgeous cock head right next to it. Upon examination I realized that this was my ass and the cock was the one I had serviced while blindfolded. It looked incredible and I got instantly hard imagining it in my mouth. 

As I was studying the picture, I got another message. It read "I have been sending this picture out on a couple of gay hook up sites and it is getting a great response." Instead of being enraged at my ass being randomly shown to guys, I became incredibly proud. I found myself thrilled with the thought of a bunch of guys stroking while looking at my used ass. As I began to stroke while thinking of this I got another message. It simply read "you have 24 hours to find another guy to suck and fuck. I want proof within 24 hours or I will end your career with your past internet activity". 

My head began to swim. How in the world was I going to find a guy, meet him and fuck him and get proof?? I began to panic. I had really gotten myself into a deep situation. After a few minutes though, I began to become excited about the possibilities. I had never hooked up with anybody on a site before and now I was going to seek out a cock to service. I began to write my ad and I decided to go all out and be as slutty as I could be. I created a profile on a gay site and immediately wrote an ad. I titled it "Ass slut needs big dick ASAP". I then went on to say that I was an attractive, smooth, horny male who simply wanted to suck and fuck a big cock. My horniness guided me and I even offered to have the guy come to my house, find me ready to be fucked, use me and then leave once he is done. I put in the ad that the only caveat was that I had to have a picture of the dick buried deep in my ass. 

I posted the ad and then got ready for bed, knowing it will be hard to sleep with all going through my head. After about 30 minutes I surprisingly heard a ding on my phone. I looked and saw that I had two messages waiting for me. The first was a simple "give me that ass" response and really didn't go into any more detail. The second one, however was intriguing. "Hi, I am a white, married male in my early 40s who is in town on business for two days. I have jet lag and decided to read some ads out of curiosity. Yours interested me because it seems like you are looking for no strings fun. I am in good shape and have a great cock. I hope to hear from you." I could not respond fast enough. 

We exchanged a few emails and it seemed as if we were a great match. We both wanted to be freshly showered and as clean as possible and we both wanted as little talk and as much action as possible. I was getting excited and looking forward to our meeting the next day. Then his next message said, I can be over there in an hour. Be ready for my cock as soon as I walk in. I had no idea that it would be this soon, but I greedily responded and gave him my address. A month ago I was simply looking at cocks on the internet and now I was inviting over a stranger to my house so that he could fuck me and leave! It had been a crazy month. 

I nervously prepared . I cleaned thoroughly and stripped down completely nude. I then put on some porn and played with my ass a bit. I had my trusty coconut oil at the ready and had begun to stroke with it. I was beginning to question my actions and try to back out completely, but then I heard a knock at the door. It was now 2:00 am so I knew there was only one person it could be. I nervously said "come on in" and watched as the door opened. In walked a handsome, fit white male, just as he had described. There I was, nude with a plug in my ass while a stranger walked into my house and locked the door behind him. 

As we agreed, we kept the talking to a minimum. He walked over where I was sitting on the couch. He reached down and grabbed my cock and then told me to roll over so he could see my ass. I did as I was told and he lightly rubbed my ass. He then lightly tugged on the plug which made me moan loudly. He told me to turn back around and as I did so I was greeted with his cock which he had pulled from his zipper. 

His cock made me immediately hungry. It was about 7" and had a wonderful downward curve. I had seen some dicks online with that curve and often fantasized about how it would feel taking one in my mouth. I leaned forward and licked the top side of his dick from tip up towards his zipper. I then reached my tongue under and lifted his cock up and into my mouth. I took the first couple of inches in and slowly sucked his dick. 

He grabbed my head with both hands and said, "slow and sensual is not why I came over here at 2am". With that he began fucking my mouth. Within three strokes my face was buried against his pants as his dick snaked down my throat. He then began a steady motion of bringing his dick out until just the tip remained and then pushing back in until my nose was against his zipper. He kept this up for quite some time, regardless of my gagging or chocking. My eyes were watering and I was fighting my gagging on almost every stroke. 

He then suddenly pulled his dick out and began to undress while I sat there trying to catch my breath. He told me to get on the floor on all fours. I did as I was told and then felt him rubbing oil all over my ass. He then roughly pulled the plug from my ass and immediately filled it with his cock. Just like he had done to my mouth, he wasted no time. He pushed it all the way in, grabbed my hips and started fucking me with deep, full strokes. Once he had a good rhythm going I began to push back into him. He commented that I really like being fucked and I was a good anal whore. I loved hearing that. Abruptly he pulled out and then shoved the plug in me. It hurt a bit as the fat part was pushed into me. Just as it went in, he pulled it out and shoved his cock in up to his balls. He alternated like this for a while, commenting on how gaped my ass was. I was euphoric being used like this. He asked where my phone was so that he could take the pictures. I got up, found my phone and walked it back to him. He ordered me to bend over my dining room table in the next room. As I walked into the other room, I could hear him taking pictures. I bent over and he ordered me to spread my ass. I did as I was told as he took more pictures. 

Then, finally, he shoved his cock back into me. He slowly pulled it out until just the tip remained then took a few pictures. He then buried his cock in my ass and took some more. When he was satisfied that he got enough he threw my phone on the table, grabbed my hips and began fucking me very, very hard. He pushed so hard into me that the table was sliding on the hardwood floor. My ass had become numb as he pummeled me. Finally he told me he was about to cum. I got ready to feel the incredible feeling of cum in my slutty ass. He, however had different plans. 

He pulled out of my used, loose ass, grabbed my shoulders and forced me to my knees in front of him. He told me to slowly milk his cock onto my face and mouth. I had never tasted cum before and here I was, on my knees with a curved cock inches from my face. 

I grabbed his slick cock and began to milk it with both hands. He moaned and his head rolled upwards as he told me to open wide. Suddenly a huge rope of cum shot out and landed on my upper lip all the way up to my eyebrows. More followed and it seemingly went everywhere. I felt a lot on my tongue and my lips as well as all over my cheeks. Finally he finished. He rubbed his cock on my face and pushed cum into my mouth. He told me to lick my lips and then swallow. I did as I was told and showed him that my mouth was empty. 

I was ordered to stay there until he was gone. He put on his jeans, shirt and shoes and was gone just as fast as he had arrived. I stood up, walked to the couch and found my large dildo. I worked it deep in my ass and stroked my cock. I came so hard thinking about what a servant of cock I had become and looking at the pictures of my ass being used. . I could not wait to tell my mystery master and share the pictures.