 Another Friday night at the local bathhouse, it was pretty busy lots of the usual guys, some I really like to chat with, I went into the dry sauna to warm up, it was cool in the building as it was winter outside, and the winter winds were blowing. There were three guys in the sauna doing what I was doing warming up, two older men I had seen there many times, one older man who was not talkative whatsoever, the other a really nice guy late forties, bit of a belly on him, not really my type. The older man was in his fifties, in fairly good shape, not really attractive, always with a frown on his face, he was only into younger guys.

There was a young Asian guy sitting quietly in the corner, the guy was in his twenties, a body builders body, great arms tight chest, six pack abs, handsome young guy, I made a few comments about how cool it was in the building, he just nodded but did not join in the conversation, the older man had him cornered so no one else could get near him, I call that cock blocking. I walked out once I had warmed up, the late forties guy followed me, we sat in the television room watching porn, we commented on the porn that was on at the time how it did nothing for us.

About a half hour later I walked back into the dry sauna, the handsome young man was still in there, I commented 

"If you stay any longer you will melt,"

He gave me a smile, spreading his legs apart, his towel opening up, I was standing directly in front of him at the time, I ran my hand on the inside of his thigh, he gave me a moan, just as the door opened and the older frowning guy walked in, he quickly closed his legs, I pulled my hand back and walked out.

I walked around looking for some hot men to play with, most were in their rooms or were busy watching the hockey game that was being televised. On my second round the young guy was in the big chair in the television room, I could see his chest was glistening with sweat. I was thinking I could lick that off of him, as I walked by I ran my hand over his chest, he did not flinch or tell me not to touch. I stood beside his chair 

"Can I suck your dick?" 

"Sure if you like!" 

Like I would say No! I got down in between his legs, I slowly opened his towel, the guy had a beautiful cock nice purple knob, about six inches, slightly upturned shaft, very sexy shaved balls, hairy legs and a smooth body. I started with kissing his nipples, that led to me sucking them into my mouth, the boy loved his nipples played with, he was going crazy, I had him stand up so I could swallow his cock to the base, the upturn was hard to swallow but I would manage, I swirled my tongue on his shaft, I sucked on his knob, I took his balls into my mouth, they were like satin, the skin so smooth, he was going crazy. 

He sat back down I went to town on his nipples, I sucked them into my mouth then ran my tongue tweaking the tips, he was going nuts, he grabbed me and pulled me into a kiss, and I mean a kiss the boy knew how to kiss, his tongue explored my mouth, our tongues wrestled, he pulled me to my feet and took my cock directly into my mouth, my balls on his chin the boy had me fuck his pretty mouth, I held his head gently fucking his mouth. I pulled my cock out, I pulled him to his feet, we kissed, his hands all over my body mine all over his.

I wanted the boys load in my mouth, I got back on my knees, I looked around we had a crowd watching us, this only made me more determined to drain this young man. I swallowed his cock to the base, I grabbed his hips, holding his ass cheeks, making him fuck my mouth, placing his hands on my head, he soon got the idea, his cock was like a piston, he slammed it in me, his balls slapping my chin, I got a moan, then a "Oh Fuck! Oh Yea! Fuck!" then wham he blasted my tonsils with his cream, I drained him dry, lapping up every drop, he pulled me to my feet, he pulled me into a kiss, then whispered. 

"Best sex ever!"

Walking off, I saw him as he walked out the door, he gave me a smile, I only nodded, I hoped one day we could do this again.