 After I walked out of the bedroom, I made a brief stop at the bathroom and then proceeded on to my bedroom. The fact I had not cum, combined with thinking about what had just taken place with Bob & Carol, was causing my cock to begin to stiffen again. I was standing next to my bed slowly stroking my dick, thinking I would jack off before going to sleep, when I heard Bob's voice behind me say "Need some help with that?" I turned around and saw Bob standing there with a slight smile on his face. "I was thinking about draining it a bit before going to sleep," I replied. 

"Well, in that case, let me help you." He said. Bob pointed to the edge of the bed and said "Have a seat." I sat on the edge of the bed with my cock starting to grow stiffer. Bob dropped to his knees between my legs and took my dick in his hand and then slipped his mouth over my cockhead. My cock was already sensitive after the fucking I had done with Carol. And now the light feel of his hand slowly stroking my shaft with his warm, wet mouth working on my cock's head was electric. In a matter of seconds my cock was fully inflated and straining. 

Bob altered his movements and rhythms to keep me building but not quiet reaching the bursting point. This was very obviously not the first time he had sucked cock. After several minutes of this, Bob suddenly stopped and stood up. "Lay on the bed". He instructed. I scooted up on the bed while he stepped out of the room. I heard him in the bathroom and then he was back in a matter of seconds. In one hand he had a tube of KY Jelly and in the other hand he had a hand towel. As I lay on my back, Bob squeezed some KY on my straining cock and begin to stroke it. He then moved up and straddled me. "I have to start in this position. We can change later if you want." He reached down and took hold of my dick and positioned my cockhead against his anal opening. He slowly begin to sink down, causing my cock to push open his ass. After a few slow up and down motions, my cock begin to slide into him. He continued to slowly move up and down, taking more of my cock with each downward slide. 

He was doing deep inhales and exhales, punctuated by occasional moans, until he finally sank all the way down on me with my cock buried as deep in his ass as it could go. After a short pause, he begin to move up and down on me, moving faster. 

After several minutes, he paused and slid off of me. He move up on his knees and elbows with his butt up in the air. I stood up next to the bed and pulled his hips back towards me. As I stood on the floor, I pushed my cock back into Bob's now puckering ass. The sight of my cock stretching open his tight ass was exciting. I pushed my cock balls deep into him and pulled back. By now I was excited and need of a good cum. I was past going easy. While I did not want to hurt Bob, I was so horny that I thought my cock might literally explode. So I began to thrust. Quickly. Steadily. I held Bob by the hips and worked my stone hard cock in him. His ass felt tight and the texture was rougher than pussy. But the heavy coating of KY made moving easy. Bob was rolling his head and moaning. He uttered a generous number of "Oh God's" and "Oh yeah's" with an occasional "fuck me". At one point he gasped out "No wonder Carol loves this." 

After that I heard a female voice behind me say "Damn right". I turned my head and saw Carol walking around the foot of the bed with a big smile on her face. She gave me a playful slap on my butt and said, "Keep fucking and stroking, stud. Make him sore." 

She made her way to the opposite side of the bed and stood in front of Bob while I fucked his ass. She reached under him and began to rub and tweak Bob's nipples, which seemed to inflame him more. She was talking to him, saying "That's the way baby. Take that cock. Like the way it feels? I bet you feel stuffed. Oh, my God, your dick is getting hard again." 

Sure enough, Bob was getting hard again. Carol moved to his side and reached under him to begin stroking his cock while I plowed him from behind. And then... I came. I have no idea how much, but it felt like I shot a quart. I felt it in my cock, my balls, my knees, and my entire body. 

And about the same time, Bob shot a load. Carol grabbed the hand towel that Bob had brought with him and used it to catch his cum while she continued to stroke him with one hand. 

I stepped back and pulled my cock out of Bob's ass while he fell forward, face down, on the bed. Carol rubbed Bob's back while she looked at me and winked. "Good job" she said. "On both of us" She leaned down and said to Bob, "Come on hon. I think our guest needs some rest." 

As they walked down the hallway, I crawled into bed and was asleep before my head hit the pillow.