 It was time, once again, for my annual physical with "Doctor Bob", as I called him. A genuinely nice guy who was always easy to talk to, but I nevertheless felt nervous about the questions I needed to ask. Given that I told him all about the unusual sex life that my wife and I share...I certainly had no reason to be shy about anything. 

"The nurse indicated that you had another issue to discuss today, but didn't share the information with her. What's on your mind, Neil?" the Doctor asked, while checking my back for spots. 

"Well...I'd like you to run the STD tests again. There's no reason to suspect a problem...just a precaution for peace-of-mind." I said, feeling both stupid and nervous. 

"Sure...not a problem. Are you and your wife becoming active with other partners?" He asked, knowing that we had a history of mild swinging and an appetite for the unusual that would make most folks blush. 

"Uh...no...not really. Becky's been playing with a girlfriend...it's not likely that her friend would want me around...just doing my part to make sure everybody stays healthy." 

"Fair enough...I've always been pleased that you're willing to share the behaviors that might effect your health. I wish more of my patients were as forthcoming." The Doctor replied, while checking my ear canals. "But that's nothing we haven't been checking for years. Is there something else you'd like to discuss?" 

"Um...yeah" I said, pausing and sighing deeply while gathering my thoughts. "Sometimes I can't seem to maintain an erection. Getting one is not a problem...but my ego took a major blow last month when I...well...couldn't finish." 

"Neil...you're a very healthy, athletic guy...and at only forty-six years old, it's unlikely this is a major problem. At the risk of sounding like the TV commercials we're all bombarded with...this is more common than you'd think." 

"I know that...and I know this kind of thing is usually mental, perhaps caused by stress." I replied, as the Doctor typed notes into the computer. "I don't want to make too much of this, and feel like I'm giving-in to non-stop advertising...but I can't really think of any reason for it. Becky has been great about the whole thing...and to be blunt, the occasional morning-wood is as "robust" as ever." 

"That's a good thing...at least the plumbing is still in good shape." Doctor Bob said with an easy grin before looking back at my records. "It might be that the medicine we use to treat your high blood pressure needs to be scaled-down. Your problem there isn't severe, and is a trait of family genetics as opposed to your lifestyle. I'll get you a lower-strength prescription, but I want you to track your blood pressure for the next ten days. Your wife, however, will have to be a willing participant to see if anything else changes." 

"Trust me, she'll love the idea of following "doctor's orders." I answered with a chuckle, finally starting to relax in response to Bob's calm and professional manner. "You really think it could be that simple?" 

"It might be a factor...but not the entire issue. Perhaps things in the bedroom are getting routine for you? Given what you've told me, maybe the idea that Becky has opportunities outside your relationship...while you don't...has you feeling left out, or less desirable? I'm not a couple's therapist...but maybe it's something to discuss with your wife." 

"Well...our close friends moved away almost three years ago, and our "adventures" have come to a halt." I said frankly, and suddenly felt mildly embarrassed for thinking-out-loud. "I'm sorry...that's more information than you probably care to hear. I just never considered being bored...especially not with Becky." 

"I want you to feel comfortable telling me anything about your body and health that bothers you. I'm only five years younger than you...yet I've heard things that are far more embarrassing than anything you've ever told me." He said, tapping a rubber hammer against my knees. "Now to the highlight of the day for both of us...please stand in front of the table and turn your head to the side." 

The comically sarcastic tone made the routine test seem less daunting. I hopped-down in compliance, paying little attention to the Doctor's gloved hand as he rolled my balls in his fingers and then shoved a digit upward, behind my sack. My mind was distracted with considering that things might be getting a little dull. 

"Please cough...thank you...and again" Doctor Bob directed as I continued to be lost in my own thoughts. "Rest your elbows on the table...you'll feel a little pressure, but this won't take long." 

The fact was, I really had been missing our friends, Don and Rachel. They were much like Becky and me...unafraid of sharing fun with trusted friends, but not really into expanding the circle too wide. It was a blow to all of us when Don was forced to relocate for his job. My mind was snapped-back to reality when Doctor Bob shoved a finger in my ass and quickly inspected my prostate. 

"Your prostate feels smooth and normal, but a bit enlarged on one side. Nothing to be alarmed about, but if it stays that way...we may consider the medication that treats both erectile dysfunction and an enlarged prostate. Since you haven't had any bladder issues, I'd rather avoid those kinds of drugs. The side-effects can be troublesome, and they don't always play well with blood-pressure meds." The Doctor said, tossing me a box of tissues to wipe the slick goo out of my ass. "Still...I'll give you a sample-pack of the familiar blue pills. They will likely help...but I'd like you to try the reduced prescription, along with spicing things up with Becky, as a first solution." He said with a smile, before telling me I could get dressed. 

"Thanks Doc...I hope this helps...I'm not much into taking a lot of pills." I answered, pulling up my briefs and stepping into my jeans. "I appreciate your demeanor...I was oddly nervous about bringing this up." 

"Don't ever be nervous, Neil. This is always a no-judgment zone." Bob smiled as he typed a few more notes and then closed the computer file. "I know you have a blood-pressure monitor at home...just shoot me an email with about ten days of results, and we'll go from there." 

++++++++++++++ 

As expected, Becky was a very willing participant in our informal study of altering medication. My blood-pressure didn't change much with the reduced meds, but neither did my "problem"...although Becky's game of "naughty nurse" didn't hurt things for the short-term. I tried the blue pills, with good results, but they made my face feel warm and flushed. Besides, I wasn't thrilled about losing the sense of spontaneity that had made our love-life so exciting. 

A couple of weeks later, me and Becky were at the local gym where I saw Doctor Bob finishing a game with his basketball league. We had seen each other there several times over the years and usually shared a polite nod as we passed in the hallway or locker room. I had just gotten off the treadmill, and was standing outside the yoga studio, waiting for Becky to get out of class when Bob stood next to me. 

"Is your wife taking yoga? Lisa started a few weeks ago." Doc Bob said, wiping sweat off his forehead with a towel. "I gave it a try once or twice...but I prefer to sweat things out on the court." 

"Yeah...Becky is a yoga addict. I like to think I'm fairly limber...but those poses can be a real kick-in-the-ass." I replied, as the class ended and people filed out of the room. 

"Hi Honey...who's your friend?" Becky said, giving me a peck on the cheek before wrapping a towel around her neck. 

"Oh...this is my Doctor..." I started to say, when Bob's wife stepped next to us. 

"The name is Robert...but my patients often call me Bob...either is just fine with me." He said, shaking Becky's hand as his wife rolled-up her yoga mat. 

"It's very nice to finally meet my husband's favorite physician." My wife said cheerfully. "My name is Becky...I had no idea when I met Lisa last week, that there would be this sort of connection." 

Lisa smiled broadly and gripped her husband's sweaty arm. "There are times when I think he knows half the people in the city. Hey babe...I'm going to grab my bag and I'll meet you at the car. Nice to meet you Neil...and I'll see you next week, Becky." She said, turning toward the locker rooms. 

As Lisa walked away, I couldn't help but notice she was much like a red-haired version of my own wife. At least we both were fortunate to have smart and beautiful women in our lives. Becky mumbled something about checking the schedule for spin classes, leaving me and Bob to wait on our spouses once again. 

"Well...I guess I'll be seeing you soon, Doc. Your office gave me the all-clear on my test results, but said you wanted a follow-up for the other issues." I said, gathering my stuff to leave. 

"Oh sure...you know, what we need to do won't take long. If it fits your plans, you could just stop-by a little before noon on Saturday. The office closes at twelve, but I can take a few minutes with you at the end of the day. If nothing else, it avoids the back-and-forth of booking an appointment for a ten minute talk." 

"Wow...that would be great. Thanks a lot, Doc...I appreciate the special effort." 

"No big deal. Sometimes I wish I could make more arrangements like that...but insurance companies, and the medical group, make it hard to bend the rules." Bob said, turning to see his wife coming out of the locker room. "See you then." 

Moments later, Becky returned and gave me a smack on the back. "You never told me your doctor was a blond-haired stud with a ripped bod." She said mockingly. 

"Gee...I can't imagine why I didn't go on for hours about that." I replied with heavy sarcasm. "Is your doctor a busty babe with an all-over tan and shaved pussy?" 

"Well...no...she's a great doctor, but nearly the complete opposite of your fantasy." Becky said with an easy laugh. "Come on, pervert...let's go home." 

++++++++++++++ 

A few days later, I walked into the empty waiting room of my doctor's office. "Hi Mr. Evans...the doctor said you'd be in today." The nurse said from behind the desk. "He's running just a few minutes behind with the last appointment, but I'll get your blood pressure and get you set up in room number two." 

Moments later, the nurse was nearly finished updating my information when Doctor Bob entered the room. He was dressed a bit more casually than normal...wearing a pair of khakis and a blue polo shirt, with a stethoscope hanging around his neck. 

"Thanks Jenny...I appreciate that you stuck around a few minutes longer. Mr. Evans and I just need to review his meds, so if you'd like to leave after helping Mrs. Grant...that's fine with me." 

"Oh sure...I need to get to the post office anyway. I'll lock the front door after her, so you'll just need to shut the computers down." The nurse replied as she left the room, seemingly pleased she didn't need to hang around. 

"Your blood pressure looks good today, and seems to still be well controlled. So...how has the ED problem been going?" He asked, sitting in a chair across from me. 

"Um...well...nothing like getting right to the point...it was a bit better for a while, but now things are much the same. The Viagra was ok...but I'm not much into $40 erections." I said, as lightheartedly as I could muster. 

"Well...I'm still pretty sure the majority of the problem is mental, or stress-related." Bob said, sounding both professional and compassionate. "Before you leave, I'll check the sample cabinet for another pack of Viagra you can keep around for back-up." 

"As you already know, your STD tests came back negative. The only other issue we need to address is the mild prostate inflammation." Bob said calmly, looking over my file on the computer screen. "I should have had the nurse get you a gown, but just remove everything from the waist down...and you know the drill from there." 

I was hoping to skip this step, but suspected it might happen. Resigning myself to the situation, I kicked-off my shoes and removed my pants, tossing them on a chair. With my elbows resting on the exam table, I heard the familiar sound of gloves covering the doctor's hands. 

"Just a bit of pressure..." Bob said, sliding a slick finger into my rectum. "Hmm...still feels smooth and normal...but may still be a bit larger on one side than the other." 

"Well...it doesn't seem to bother me. I haven't noticed any bathroom problems." I said, trying to offer any amount of useful information. 

"I hate to make an already awkward situation even worse." Doctor Bob said, pressing a button to lower the exam table. "If you're feeling limber, I'd like you to keep one foot on the floor, while raising the other leg onto the table. If that's not comfortable, we can have you lie on your side...but I'd like to get a different angle to cover more surface area of your prostate." 

"Oh...sure...that's not a problem." I said while raising my leg and feeling more exposed than usual. 

"You know...as a couple, you and your wife have indulged in things that most people would never consider." Bob said, pressing a finger back into my ass. "You may just be missing your friends...and need a hotter spark to get things going again." 

The doctor seemed earnestly concerned, and was also paying much more attention to the prostate exam than ever in the past. The extended probing, along with the more awkward and revealing position, caused a stir in my cock that I hadn't expected. I was hoping Bob wouldn't notice, but I knew that was unlikely. 

"Well...I suppose so." I mumbled, trying to sound nonchalant about the more rigorous exam. "Becky and I had a good time when she made a game of following your orders...so I guess you've got a point." 

"Ok...switch legs for me and we'll get your dignity back in a few moments." Bob directed with an understanding tone. "Well...my wife is a fairly vanilla gal. I can't imagine getting her to be so supportive in that way." He said, pushing more lube and the same finger into my back side. 

I might have been more surprised at my doctor sharing that kind of personal information, but I was more concerned about my growing erection. As Bob moved his finger over my prostate, using more pressure than normal and covering more area...I let out an involuntary moan. Ass-play had never been a huge part of my sex life, but I did enjoy it when Becky and I were in the mood...and now I may have revealed more than I intended. Worse yet, I knew my cock was now rock-hard and a possible string of pre-cum would seal my embarrassment. 

"Good...that's a very healthy reaction...we can be sure the cause isn't physical." Bob said slowly in low tone. "Are you comfortable enough to hold that pose a bit longer?" 

"Um...sure...I'm fine." I replied, sensing that Doctor Bob's tone and the mood in the room had somehow changed. "Sorry about the hard-on. I'm not sure whether to be happy or mortified." 

"Not a problem, Neil. I think the slight prostate enlargement will pass with time...but some men find saw palmetto supplements helpful." Bob muttered as I heard the snap of the lube bottle once more. "The other problem should also resolve itself...with the right fantasies...and the right friends." 

I wasn't sure how to respond, or what to do...but the worry didn't last long. With another preface about feeling some pressure, I groaned loudly as Bob pushed his thumb into my ass. It was clear that the medical questions had been answered, and the new objective was to keep me aroused. The angle of his thumb changed as I could hear him open a drawer with his free hand. I closed my eyes, not sure of what would happen next, but unwilling to end the sensations that felt so good, and had me harder than I'd been in months. 

"I'm about to break every ethical code in the book, Neil," Doctor Bob said softly, with a hint of nervousness in his voice. "But I think we can help each other out." 

I was frozen in-place against the exam table with my heart beating a hundred miles-an-hour as he removed his thumb and I heard the gloves hit the trashcan. For some reason, it felt more exciting not knowing exactly what was happening as the clatter of a loose belt-buckle filled my ears. It was amazing how many sounds I could identify...the tearing of a foil packet, the scrunching of fabric, and the click of a cap from a bottle of lube. 

"I experimented with some wild shit in college." Bob mumbled, leaning over my back. "I love my wife...I just...need a friend for those things we keep to ourselves..." 

Even wearing a condom, I could feel the heat of his dick as the helmet pressed against my timid hole. Reaching behind me, I gripped the naked and hairy cheek of his muscled butt and slowly pulled him toward me. 

"Mmmppphhh...fuck!" I blurted-out as the first inch of his prick passed my reluctant ring. "It's been a while...a very long while" I grunted through clenched teeth. 

"So tight...so damn tight..." Bob whispered, giving me a few moments to adjust before slowly sliding deeper. 

I found myself alternating between grunts of pleasure, and whimpers of pain, as he sank into my bowels. It seemed like the length of his cock would never end, though I knew the sensation was exaggerated by lack of recent experience. Bob's prick started out thick, and only tapered wider toward the base. By the time I felt his hip press against me, my sphincter was spread painfully wide and my guts felt completely filled with rigid and radiating warmth. I thought the discomfort would have deflated my erection...but my cock remained youthfully hard. 

Doctor Bob placed one hand on my left shoulder, and reached around my hip with the other, firmly gripping my cock and spreading the leaking pre-cum over the head with a finger. "I'd say we found a cure for your problem...no drugs needed." He said in a low rumble. 

"Fuck me. I don't care if it hurts...just fucking do it!" I said, hardly believing my own words. 

"You got it, man. Honestly...I didn't plan this...I just had to have it..." Bob mumbled as he slowly withdrew. 

Only the head remained inside before Bob sank fully into me once again. I gasped for air as his pole split my ass apart for the second time. Reaching back between my legs, I fondled the heavy nuts than hung low in a loose and hairy sack. The coarse curls that sparsely covered the silky scrotum felt so different from my smooth and shaved balls. 

I could hardly believe how much I wanted this. While Don and I might stroke each other, or lick the other's shaft and balls while pounding a hot pussy...we never engaged in any play without the girls around. Becky sometimes fucked me with her dildo while giving me incredible head...but a hot cock in my ass hadn't happened since some pot-infused parties in college. 

"Unnnggg...mmpphh...ffuucckk!" Doctor Bob grunted over-and-over as his pace quickened and developed into a consistent rhythm. 

My jaw was clenched and my eyes squinted-shut with every hard thrust. Bob wasn't being brutal, but it was clear that neither of us was interested in tenderness or romance. The initial pain was subsiding, and a jolt of pleasure pulsed through me with every pass over my prostate. The sensation of Bob's loose sack smacking against my nuts with each thrust made it clear this was no gentle play with a toy...but a seriously hard fucking from another man. 

"I...I need to moved, man...or my leg will cramp." I said, feeling the ache build in my thigh. 

Bob's response was gruff and direct. "On your knees...on the floor." 

I enjoyed his blunt tone, and immediately moved off the exam table as Doctor Bob pulled away. For the first time, I was able to see the instrument of my recent recovery. Bob's latex-covered cock glistened with lube and bounced in front of him as he pulled the khakis off his legs and tossed them in the corner. We were both close in length, at around seven inches, but Bob was thicker...especially as it tapered larger at the base. Once the polo shirt came off his torso, it was clear that Doctor Bob took care of himself...though I might have a had better set of abs. His tanned chest and legs were covered in blond hair that was well maintained, without looking overly trimmed. At Becky's request, I kept my own body more closely cropped. 
