 I had played around with a couple of other boy's from around the neighborhood; you know a little sucking and a little kinda fucking. I liked it and was always the one taking the dick. 

This is about when I really became totally into guys bodies and that beautiful appendage hanging between they're legs. 

I learned how to pleasure big hot cocks; sort of became addicted to them and knew that I was always going to be seeking them out. A cock loving bottom slut is how my fuck buddies refer to me.

Nathan was the oldest of the group of guys I hung out with in the neighborhood. Nate, as we all called him, always bragged about how big his dick was and I would always get caught looking right at his packed crotch. 

I was the youngest; a tall, 6'3", with a "kind-of" swimmers build but a real nice firm ass that filled out the cutoff jeans I loved to wear in the summer. 

Nate was early 20's and the other three guys had just turned 20 and I was still 19. Being younger I looked up to their more mature bodies and sexual prowess. I did love checking out their crotches and Nate did have the biggest. 

We would all get together at Nate's house for beer and talk about sex and sometime Nate would show us some porn. 

I'd get all hot and horny and have to leave and go home and jack-off. I have a 7.5" cut cock that was perpetually hard especially when I was around Nate and these hot studs. 

One Sunday after running home to jack-off, I returned to Nate's about half an hour later only to find Nate alone as the guys had gone off to the lake for a swim. 

Nate came to the door wearing only a towel and I just stared and stammered. Laughing, he told me to get my "hot ass" inside before the neighbors saw him. I was still a bit naive and the "hot ass" comment escaped me. 

Nate asked if I wanted a beer and went to the kitchen and brought back a couple of beers. He was sweaty and his scent was intoxicating and all I could think about was feeling and licking his hairy, muscular chest. 

Nate's about 5'10" with a very hot body with great legs a nice ass and perfectly shaped feet. I followed him into his bedroom and couldn't take my eyes off him, his cock flopped around under the towel and indeed looked huge. 

He was definitely enjoying the effect he was having over me and asked if I had a good jack-off at home. I blushed deep red and tried to act like I didn't know what he was talking about. He laughed and just dropped the towel and said that he was going to take a shower. 

I couldn't take my eyes off his dick; it looked as though it hung about 7-inches soft. Dark, uncut, very thick and seemed to be getting thicker and longer. 

I had never seen an uncut cock and I was just staring at it and licking my lips when I heard him laugh and walk to the bathroom. 

I just stood there frozen with a painful hard-on in my cutoffs when I later heard the water running and him calling out my name. I stumbled into the bathroom and he asked me to hand him the towel. He pulled back the curtain and I damn near came in my shorts.

Dripping wet with the biggest hard-on I've ever seen; it looked to be at least 10-inches long and about as thick as my wrist; I held out the towel and then dropped it to the floor as I still couldn't pull my eyes away from that big hard cock with the foreskin still partially covering the dripping red head. 

I never liked to wear underwear and my hard dick was poking out the bottom of my shorts and my knees felt like they were going to give way any second when he just came up to me and told me to touch it, that he always knew I was hot for his cock. 

I reached out and just grabbed that big cock and it felt like it was going to burn my hand as Nate grabbed my t-shirt and pulled it over my head and ran his hands over my smooth chest and I thought I would pass out. 

I was still staring at his dick when he pulled my chin up and looked into my eyes and said that if I wanted his big dick then drop my shorts and get down on my knees.

I unsnapped my shorts kicked off my sandals and was naked and on my knees in two seconds. 

"I always knew you were hungry for this cock the way you always looked at my crotch every chance you could get" he said. 

"You always come around wearing those tight little cutoffs with no underwear on showing off that fine tight ass; yes, you want all of our cocks but I'm going to have your hot mouth and tight ass first." 

He slapped his big cock on my face and said "suck it you little cock teaser." 

Opening my mouth I tried to swallow it and started to gag; "take it easy" he said I'm not going anywhere, just lick it up real good and put the head in your mouth." "Practice makes perfect." 

I was starting to get the hang of it but could only get about half down my throat. 

"Your a natural kid and you'll learn to take the whole 10 inches another time but right now I want your hot little ass, so get on all fours and show me that hot hole." 

I was on the bed with my ass sticking up like a cat in heat when Nate stuck a finger up my hot hole and I thought I would go through the headboard. I started to moan and push back against his finger as he added another one and I shot my load all over his sheets. 

"You really like having that ass filled don't you kid." 

"Yeah, it feels so good, do it some more" I begged. 

Nate reached around and grabbed my cock and said "damn, your still hard, well I'm going to give you these 10 thick inches that your ass is craving." 

He pushed the head in and I saw stars, I screamed from the pain and still he fed me a few more inches. 

Thrashing about impaled on about 6 inches of his hot, throbbing cock the pain was starting to turn into a pleasurable burn and I pushed back and felt another 2 inches slide up my hot tunnel. 

Nate pulled out to just the head and then pushed up and deep into me sliding across my prostate and I sprayed the sheets for the second time as my asshole clamped around his big cock. 

"You really are a cock hungry boy, shooting another load with my cock half way up that hot fuck hole of yours." 

I was babbling how much I love it and that his cock felt so good and that I wanted him to fuck me forever. 

Laughing, he plowed the whole 10 inches up my fuck chute and said "boy, when I'm through fucking you you'll be begging for my cock several times a day." 

And fuck me he did, he started to fuck the hell out of my ass and I just pushed back with his every downward stroke. 

He pulled his throbbing cock all the way out and flipped me over onto my back and pulled my legs over his shoulders and slammed that hot 10 inch pole right back up my steaming hole. 

My poor prostate couldn't take it anymore and I shot a third load of cum all over my chest and right into my mouth. 

Nate said " that's it boy cum all over yourself while I'm fucking all 10 inches up that hot horny hole of yours." 

He suddenly shoved his massive tool all the way in and tensed and I felt it expand even bigger as he begin to unload his steaming seed up my well fucked ass.

...I sucked his cock and got fucked almost every day by Nate over the next couple of weeks and the other guys started looking at me a little funny when I would stay behind and not go hang out at the lake with them. 

The third week I went to Nate's house thinking I would just suck his big fat cock and get a good fucking; little did I know was that a real good fucking was what Nate had in mind. 

Nate answered the door wearing just a towel with his hot cock tenting the front as I licked my lips when Nate said "get in and get naked, you're going to get your cock hungry ass and mouth filled with lots of cock and hot cum." 

I said "what do you mean" while stripping off my cutoffs and t-shirt in his living room and following him out back to his hot tub while he just let the towel fall to the floor. 

When we got to the sliding glass door Nate put his hand on my ass and stuck his middle finger up my horny and already lubed hole then said "kid, you ready to take all the cock you can get?" 

I nodded yes and almost shot my load right then when I looked out to see the other three guys sitting on the edge of the hot tub stroking their hard cocks. 

To be continued: