 This is back to Oliver's point of view. I hope you guys enjoyed this series. It was my first go at a series with a real plot. 
~
Like, comment, rate. Have a gay day!

*****

My eyes fluttered open, and a streak of light blinded me. I groaned as I sat up and tossed the covers from myself. It was only then that I realized how sore my neck was. I always hated sleeping on the couch. Mom was already making breakfast.

"Good morning, sweetie," she said. 

"Morning," I said with a raspy voice. Then my eyes lit up. 

I got up and walked down the hall. I approached my room and opened the door as quietly as I possibly could. I walked silently across the room and got down on my knees beside my mattress. 

There he was. Nate. It was absolutely adorable to see him fast asleep in my bed. His face was buried in one of my pillows and drool had left a dark spot there. I grinned as I got closer to him.

It turns out that Brent had called his dad and told him that Nate was gay. It didn't go over well. Nate didn't want to talk about what happened but I've seen some bruises on him. He got kicked out, and my parents immediately said yes to him staying with us. They know we're dating now, so we can't stay in the same room to sleep but he's living with me now so that's something. 

And wow was it a bitch to get him to sleep in my bed. We fought over who was sleeping where. I told him that he's my guest, so he will sleep in my bed. He refused, wanting to take the couch. I basically had to drag him to my room and hold him down. After the day he had had, it didn't take long for him to give up. I took the couch. 

"Pssst," I began softly. Nothing. 

"Psst," I repeated only slightly louder. He stirred this time. 

"Nate, time to wake up," I said quietly. He groaned and turned his face the other way. I placed my hand on his back. 

"Come on, Freckle. We only have a few days left of school anyway," I said at a slightly more audible volume. He turned back to me and looked at me through one squinted eye. 

"What did you just call me?" He asked. 

"Freckle. Don't think I didn't notice," I said through a smile and ushered to his crotch. I gave him a small peck as he let things sink in. I caught him smiling before burying his face in my pillow. 

"Get up!" I said in a regular voice. He said something back but it was only muffled in the pillow. It was probably something about not wanting to go back. 

"Okay. I guess we'll do this the hard way," I said and stood up. I tore the blankets from his body. I took in the sight of his bare back and his butt under his shorts. My pants stirred, but I continued.

I placed my feet on either side of his body and bent down. I grabbed him under the arms and lifted him up. He made a noise somewhere between a groan and a laugh. I pulled him off the bed and put him back down on the floor. 

"I was so comfortable," he complained as he slowly got up. 

"Well, you have to get ready now. You can go back to sleep after school," I told him. 

"Fine. How did you ever manage to get out of bed?" He asked me as he went to a suitcase and pulled out some clothes. 

"I just did I guess," I told him. We smiled. Even in the morning grogginess, he was still beautiful. 

"God I love seeing you every morning, every afternoon, and every evening," he said. I rested my forearms on his shoulders. 

"Me too. How long has it been now?" I asked. 

"I think like two weeks maybe," he said, thinking.

"I could get used to this," I told him. 

"I could too," he reciprocated. He leaned in and we fell into a deep kiss for a minute. He pulled me close and I felt his body heat on me. I pushed him away and broke our kiss. 

"Get ready or we'll be late," I ordered playfully. 

"Okay, mom," he joked. I smiled and went to my closet for my clothes. 

"Wear that green shirt today. I like that one. You look good in it... well, you always look good, but I like it on you," he said casually. I looked over my shoulder at him as he changed. 

The situation at school had died down a bit too. The initial shock had passed and now blatant bullying had simmered to snarky whispers and the occasional derogatory name. It was manageable. I know that it really hit Nate hard the first week or so. 

When our schedule allowed, we would walk down the halls together. We had even gotten to the point of holding hands. It was nerve racking at first because that was basically saying "Hey! Pick on me!" but it was okay. People would stare at us. At one point, a teacher called us out for PDA but I proceeded to point to three other straight couples around us and that teacher shut up. 

"I am so done with this school. Can graduation be here already?" I asked at the lunch table. 

"Oh shut up. I'm not ready for it! You're leaving me here with all these idiots!" Kat shot at me. 

"I'd have to agree with Oliver on this one. High school sucks," Nate commented. 

"Ah, but these are the best four years of our lives. Remember?" I said mockingly. 

"If high school was my peak, I'd kill myself," Nate said. 

"Same here... So what are your guys' plan after graduation?" Kat asked tentatively. Nate and I exchanged a look. I squeezed his thigh comfortingly. 

"Well... Considering I don't have any money to go to college, I'm gonna try to just get a job," he said. It pained me to hear him say that. He really wanted to go to a university up north. 

"And I'm going to UCO," I said, trying to keep it short. 

"What about... you guys?" She asked, talking about our relationship. 

"I guess we're going long distance... UCO is a while away from here," Nate said with disappointment in his voice. Then a golden idea popped into my head. 

"No! I have the perfect plan! I'll just tell the university that I'm living at home, and we can get an apartment nearby! Since we'll both be working, it'll work out!" I said excitedly. This lit his face up. 

"That actually sounds really nice. I can't go from living with you to being three hours away," he said. I put my arm around him, and lunch continued as normal. Or as normal as it could get. 

When we got home, we ordered Chinese takeout and watched tv while my parents were at work. He sat on the couch, and I leaned against his legs. 

"This has been quite an eventful semester now that I'm thinking about it," I said to him as we watched some silent black and white film. 

"It has, but I wouldn't have wanted it to go any other way. Otherwise, you wouldn't have come into the picture," he said sweetly. 

"God, there's the cheese again," I said and leaned my head back to look at him upside down. 

"You know you love it!" He said. 

"You know I know you know it!" I shot back. We stared at each other for a minute. I laughed. 

"What's so funny?" He asked me. 

"A year ago, I never thought it would be possible to have you, the HOTTEST guy in school, in my house. Let alone dating me. This stuff only happens in movies," I wondered aloud. 

"I'm pretty baffled myself. You're absolutely stunning! You've got the brains, the looks, and the personality! You're just the whole package," he said and leaned over to put his hands on my chest. He Spider-Man kissed me. 

"Hey, let's go on a date," I said, turning around to look at him. 

"What?" He said. 

"We've never been on an actual date before! We have to!" I said putting my hand on his knee. 

"But where would we go?" He asked me. I could see that he was hesitant about being outside of school grounds where there was no teachers to protect us from hate. 

"I don't know. I'll figure it out though! Come on! It'll be fun," I said. I gave him puppy dog eyes, and he broke. 

"Fine," he said. 

"Tonight!" I said excitedly and jumped up. 

"Tonight? What are we going to do on a Tuesday night?" He asked me as I headed towards my room. 

"I don't know yet!" I called out to him as I went to my closet. 

"What about your parents? Surely they're gonna go for this," he mentioned as he headed towards me. 

"We're both 18. We're adults. They'll be fine, Nate. Loosen up a little," I said, sifting through my closet to find something nice to wear. I grabbed some clothes and then headed to my bathroom. 

"What are you doing?" He asked. I left the bathroom and passed him to go to my parents room. 

"Here's what's gonna happen. I'll get ready in my parents bathroom. You get ready in that one, and we're not allowed to see each other until we're leaving!" I told him. It was up for debate. 

"But all my nice clothes are at my house!" He yelled to me from the hall. 

"Wear something of mine! It might be a bit tight but it'll show off that hot body of yours!" I called back with a grin. I knew he was smiling too. I didn't have to see it.

Later, we were finally dressed and ready to go. My parents had arrived home and were fully aware of our plans by that point. 

Nate had walked out first. I proceeded to leave my parents' room and entered the living room. Nate was wearing a red button down dress shirt and black slacks. It hugged him in all the right places, and I couldn't help but graze over his ass. I was wearing a black button up with ironed khakis. My mom held her mouth. 

"You two look so handsome," she said to us. Nate turned to look at me and smiled. 

"Let's go, I'm too excited to wait any longer," he said. We bid farewell to my parents and left. 

"You need to start buying clothes in my size. They fit you fantastically," I told him in the car and ran my hand on his thigh as I drove. 

"They're a little snug, but if they turn you on...," he said trailing off with a hint to his voice. 

"Definitely," I smiled at him. 

"So where are we going anyway?" He asked. 

"You'll see," I said with a grin. 

"Oh a surprise? How intriguing," he said. We held hands on the way there and enjoyed each other's company. We were there before we knew it. 

The restaurant I picked out was a little Seafood place my friends and I discovered way back when. When I had first been, I knew that it'd be a perfect date destination. We were seated on the patio overlooking the water. The candle really gave it the romantic mood. It was something straight out of a movie. I swear sometimes it felt like my life were made up with as good as Nate made me feel. 

"This is... amazing to say the least Oliver," he told me. I smiled. 

"I knew you'd like it," I told him. 

"What can I get you two tonight?" our waitress asked. 

"I'll have the Seafood feast," I said. She looked to Nate. 

"I'll have what he's having. I'm sure he has good taste," he said with a smirk. I smiled and saw our waitress smiling too. She said something under her breath. All I caught was 'cute.'

"I'm sorry," I said. 

"I said you guys are really cute together... Unless you're not... I mean... I don't if this is a date or," she began stammering. We laughed. 

"Thank you. We are together. And this is actually our first date," Nate told her. 

"That's just too cute. I'll go put your orders in. Call me if you need anything," she said and left. It felt good to hear Nate claim me. 

"I'm loving this spontaneous date thing. We'll have to do this more often," I said. 

"It is nice, isn't it? I could stare at you for hours, ya know," Nate said. 

"And I you," I replied. I put my chin in the palm of my hands and looked at him. The feeling was pure bliss. 

Our food was delicious and our waitress continued to be exceptionally nice. We left her a nice tip as we left. 

"Let's get home," Nate said as we got into the car. 

"Mmm maybe not," I said with a smile. 

"You are just full of surprises aren't you?" He asked. 

"Well, I've always known what I'd do if I had a boyfriend. And now that I've got you, I get to treat you to all my romantic fantasies," I confessed. 

I drove him out to the lake next. It was a large one and the moon reflected off of the surface. I parked at the edge and turned some music on. We got out and laid on the hood of my car. Perfect. 

"Just think. We're going to be far far away from here in a little while. All the shit we've been through will be over," I said happily. 

"And I'll get to sleep with you every night. That sounds wonderful," he continued for me. 

"And I'll get to make you help me with homework," I laughed. 

"And I'll make you cool since I always burn everything," he laughed. 

"And we'll be able to have really hot sex any time we want!" I said with a fit of laughter even though there was truth in it as well. We giggled, and I ended up laying my head on his chest. We laid there, watching the stars and listening to music for a while. 

"Tonight really has been amazing," he said, breaking the silence. 

"It has been," I agreed. 

"No really. Oliver, whenever I'm with you, everything just seems... better. Like, I don't have to worry about homework or Brent and Jake or my dad or the future or anything. You just make it all melt away," he said to me. It was the night and beauty of our date tapping into his deeper emotions and I loved it. 

"I'm glad I can be that for you... Ya know, you have given me something to. It's weird to tell someone this. Kat doesn't even know, but I trust you. With you, I feel... wanted. I don't know why but with everyone else, even my best friends and family, I don't feel like I really belong there. It's weird to describe. But with you, that feeling is not there," I said, staring at the rippling water. My deeper emotions had been tapped as well. 

"You'll always be wanted by me, Oliver," he said and held me tighter. I smiled and a tear rolled down my cheek. It was one of happiness though. This whole thing was an entirely new feeling for both of us. 

"I love you," I whispered. A moment of silence hung in the air between us. I waited for his response. 

"I love you too," he replied. He seemed to have just let it all sink into him. I tightened my grip on him and looked up. He had tear streaks down his cheeks too. 

I pushed up and kissed them away. Then I kissed him. We held there for a minute, letting ourselves melt in the moment. Another movie moment for me. It physically pained me when we had to leave. 

Graduation day was finally upon us!

The whole thing went by in a blur to me. I remember being with Nate as we arrived. He looked so handsome in his cap and gown. I remember when we tried to kiss, our hats fell. I also remember that walked around the building before the ceremony started. 

Our last names being so far apart is what made us sit as such. He was all the way in the back and I was in the middle. 

Names and baby pictures went by on the big screen. When mine came up, I felt myself blush. It was of me wearing a black cape and underwear, jumping off the bed. My mom had got the shot in mid air. She always told me that that was going to be THE picture. Only until junior year did I know what she had meant. I looked back at Nate and he was grinning like a little boy. 

"You were so adorable!" He mouthed to me. I smiled at him. Just wait until his came up!

When it did, I felt a rush of happiness run over me. Nate was laying on a couch with his hands thrown out like toddlers do. He was making a funny face and wow was he a chubby kid. I giggled and turned around once more to look at him. His face was burning red, and he peered at me through his fingers. 

"YOU were adorable," I mouthed to him. 

Being a small school, the names went by fairly quickly. Everyone cheered extra loud for their senior. When I received my diploma, I heard my family cheer. Then as I finished shaking hands with the superintendent, I heard Nate. 

"WOO! THAT'S MY BOYFRIEND!" He yelled with his hands cupped around his mouth. That was what made my eyes water. Not graduating or anything sentimental. Nate finally being able to be proud of who he was and of us as a couple. I smiled a smile that couldn't be forged as they took my picture. 

When Nate went up there, I heard his mom scream for him. I saw that his dad had not come. I felt bad for him. Not Nate. His dad. He was missing one of the biggest things in Nate's life over a stupid reason. It was his loss. He'll never get that back. I then proceeded to stand up. 

"THAT'S MY BOYFRIEND! GO NATE!" I screamed so that everyone knew we were happily together. I know that I got some scowls but I didn't care. What were they gonna do? Bully us the last few minutes we were all together as a class? Nate gave the same type of smile I did. 

The next thing I knew, everyone was crowded outside, seniors with their certificates and parents with their cameras. My parents took my picture a hundred times at least. 

"Okay, now some of both of you," she said, ushering Nate beside me. We placed our arms around each other and smiled for the camera. 

Nate's mom approached and gave Nate a not so genuine smile. She seemed pained for whatever reason. 

"I'm proud of you Nate. Your father is missing out," she stated. I silently agreed. 

"Thanks mom," he replied. It seemed almost awkward as she pat him on the back. 

"I'll see you later," she said and walked off. 

"Bye," Nate said faintly as she walked off. There's no way she heard it. I stood beside him and rubbed his back. 

"Okay, I still need more pictures! I don't ever want to forget today!" My mom said with tears in her eyes. 

"Oh let the boys go already. You've got plenty!" My dad chimed in. My mom sighed. We began to step back towards them when my mom held out a hand. We stopped. 

"Wait," she said. 

"Mom," I began in an almost whiny way, but a graduated adult type of whine. 

"Just a few more," she said. We retook our positions, but she didn't take any. 

"Oliver, let me get some of Nate. It's his big day too, and if his parents aren't going to take joy in it, I will," she said forcefully. I stepped to the side and smiled at him. Nate seemed astonished. A smile spread across his face as he was photographed. I'm glad my mom did that for him. His parents were lacking. 

"Okay, we're off now. Your mother and I are going to spend a few nights at the casino down south. You two be good. And be happy! You're finally free of high school!" My dad told me. I swear I saw a look in his eye when he said he'd be gone for a few days. I guess not being able to get anyone pregnant has its perks. 

"Okay, thanks dad," I said with a small laugh. 

"Goodbye," Nate told them. 

"Sorry, my mom's a nut when it comes to pictures. She wants to capture every waking moment," I said. 

"Oh no, it's fine," Nate responded. 

"I'm sure it's more than fine with you, you camera whore," I said, elbowing him playfully. 

"I am not!" He said shocked that I had said such a thing. He laughed and elbowed me back. 

"Uh huh!"

"Nu uh!"

"Uh huh!"

"Nu uh!

"Uh-"

"Excuse me... Nate... Oliver," a voice interrupted. We paused our play argument and turned around. It was Jake. 

"Look, if you're here to give us some more shit, you can leave. We're done with it," Nate said defensively. 

"No no no. Just hear me out," Jake said holding up his hands. Nate and I exchanged a look and mutually decided to let me speak. 

"I know I've been an asshole to you guys. Especially you Oliver. I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I realize that that was a really fucked up thing to put someone through. I know that one apology doesn't take all of that back, but I just wanted you guys to know that I am truly sorry for being a dick. I don't know, I guess I always just kinda followed Brent around," he said, looking down at his shoes the whole time.

Before either of us could get a word out, Brent came up. He put his arm around Jake in a bro type of way. He smiled maliciously as he saw us. 

"Hey Jake. What's going on? Telling these faggots off I hope? Since we're never gonna see their sorry asses again," he asked rudely. Jake looked up at him. 

"No Brent. I'm not. I'm apologizing. Like you should be. What we did to them was wrong," he said defensively. It was new to have Jake standing up for us. 
