 My name is Nathaniel Baxter. Nathan, I go by. I'm 18 years old and in my first semester at the local community college. I have a twin sister, Nicole. Nicole is 15 minutes older than me, and she definitely plays up the big sister role.

I was going to a party with Nicole and her boyfriend, Eric. I had just got out of the shower and I finished getting dressed. I was wearing some worn jeans and a light blue Polo shirt. I put on a pair of clunky black Sketchers and grabbed my hoodie, zipping it up as I ran down the stairs.

Eric was a year older than us. Before he graduated, he was the quarterback at our high school. He was tall and muscular, with wavy blond hair and blue eyes. A total all-American stud. Unfortunately, he had a skiing accident during his senior year and blew out his knee, which ruined his chance at the football scholarship he had lined up.

Of course, that worked out great for Nicole, since he stuck around and went to the local community college where we just started this year. Nicole was the head cheerleader, so it was natural that they ended up together. A lot of people were surprised that Nicole and Eric were still together even after he graduated a year ahead of us. I wasn't. I could tell that they were completely in love with each other.

Nicole and I were both short and very similar in appearance. Looking at the two of us, we looked very much alike, not surprising since we were twins. We were both 5'7" with thin builds. We had dark blond hair and blue eyes. Nicole dyed her hair lighter blond and it was quite a bit longer than my shorter style.

Eric's best friend was Rich Parkman. Rich graduated last year with Eric. He played on the football team as well, a guard on the offensive line. He was big and brawny, tall and built like a tank at 6'4" and 280 pounds. He had dark brown hair which always looked mussed up, and brown eyes. He had a boyish face, which he countered by growing a beard. He was really funny and always made me laugh. Yeah, I had a huge crush on the big guy.

Nicole knew that I was gay, of course. She also encouraged me to come out to Mom and Dad, which went much better than I was scared it would.

Nicole and I were very close and we knew pretty much everything about each other. I knew that she and Eric have been having sex since our sophomore year in high school.

I myself was still a virgin. I was popular enough that I had dates with girls in high school for the big occasions, like homecoming or prom, but other than that I didn't date. I was kind of a jock, but not really. I mean, I was on the baseball team, but I spent way more time on the bench than on the field. The furthest I ever got with another person was when I made out with my senior prom date. I think she would have went further with me, but I just couldn't do it. I was curious, but not that curious. Plus, I didn't think it would be fair to use her like that.

"Eric'll be here any minute," Nicole said as I walked into the living room.

"Cool," I said as I plopped down on the couch.

"Do you kids need any money?" Mom called from the kitchen.

I grinned at Nicole and jumped up and went into the kitchen. Mom was making dinner for Dad, who was on his way home from work. Mom was still wearing her hospital scrubs. She was a nurse at a private practice. She handed me two twenty dollar bills from her purse. I gave her a hug and kiss on the cheek and put one of the bills in my wallet. I gave the other to Nicole.

"Is Rich coming?" I asked, trying to sound casual.

Nicole rolled her eyes. "Probably. Not that you'd ever make a move on him."

I frowned. "Yeah, right. I'd like to not get my ass kicked, thank you very much."

"For someone so smart, you are so clueless sometimes."

I was about to respond, but the doorbell rang. Nicole let Eric inside and he greeted and hugged Mom, then we followed him out to his car. I got in the backseat while Eric and Nicole made out in the front seat. I rolled my eyes and cleared my throat.

At the party, I grabbed a cup of beer from the keg and mingled with some of the guys I knew from school.

I saw Rich walk in and I held in a deep breath. Man, he looked hot. He was wearing an unzipped hoodie over a black t-shirt with a pair of tight jeans and brown leather boots. I saw Eric and Nicole walk over to him, so I joined them.

"Hi, Rich," I said with a shy smile.

"Hey, Nathan," Rich replied back as he flashed me a big smile.

"You want a beer?" I asked.

"Sure. You gonna get it for me?"

I got another big smile from him and I melted.

"Sure," I said and I went and tapped a cup of beer for him.

I returned with the plastic cup and held it while he lit a cigarette. I listened in as he complained about his job to Eric. It sounded like his boss was being an asshole, not paying him overtime for extra hours worked. Rich was an apprentice electrician. I didn't know his boss, but I knew his boss's son and he was an asshole too.

We had been hanging out for an hour or so when someone bumped into Rich and spilled his entire beer down the front of his shirt.

"God damn it!" Rich shouted. He shoved the drunk guy and he fell back onto his ass. He was too drunk to even realize what he did, so Rich just grumbled to himself and let it go.

Rich pulled off his hoodie and then pulled off his t-shirt. I drew in sharp breath. My mouth fell open and I couldn't help but stare. His chest and stomach were covered in dark brown hair. His stomach was a little bit rounded and he had the beginnings of love handles. He wore a silver chain around his neck. He had a tribal armband tattoo around his right bicep.

"Gawk much?" Eric said with a chuckle as he elbowed me.

I realized everyone was looking at me and I blushed beet red and looked away.

"Leave him alone, Eric," Rich said. I glanced back at Rich and he was pulling on his hoodie and zipping it up over his bare chest. I could see the hair on his chest and I wondered what it would feel like to touch it.

"He's probably wondering how you got so fucking fat," Eric joked. "You need to hit the gym, dude."

"Some of us gotta work for a living," Rich grumbled.

"Yeah, well remember that next time you're wondering why I have a girlfriend and you haven't been laid in over six months."

"Fuck you, asshole."

Rich threw his wet beer-soaked shirt at Eric and it smacked him in the face. Rich and I both laughed and Eric threw it back at him. They were laughing, but Nicole was getting annoyed.

"Knock it off, guys."

We hung out for a while longer and then the four of us went to get something to eat. I noticed that Rich kept making glances my way and I couldn't help but blush and smile bashfully at him.

We finished eating quicker than I would have liked and then we were heading home.

***

A couple of weeks later on a Friday night, Eric picked Nicole and me up and we were headed to a bonfire on the lake that was part of our college's homecoming celebration. Eric had a cooler full of beer and we each grabbed one and headed towards the lake.

"There's Rich," Nicole said quietly, nodding towards the other side of the bonfire.

He was wearing a Lions football jersey with jeans and boots. He had a backwards ball cap on his head. He looked so hot. Unfortunately, he was talking to a girl who was seriously flirting with him. She was all over him and touching him. I was so jealous, I couldn't stand it. I couldn't stand to look anymore, so I turned away.

Nicole and Eric walked hand in hand towards the bonfire.

"Nathan! Hi," a voice called out.

I looked over to see James walk up to me.

"Hi, James."

James was in my accounting class. We didn't really know each other very well in high school, but we got to know each other one day when he asked to copy my notes from a lecture he missed. James was tall and kind of skinny. He had spiky black hair and he wore black framed glasses. He had a chin strap style beard and two earrings in his left ear. He almost always wore all black clothes.

"This is kind of lame, huh?" he said.

I shrugged. "I guess. I'm having fun though."

"You've been letting your hair grow out."

James reached up to the nape of my neck and curled his finger around a lock of my blond hair.

"I like it a little longer," he said quietly as he leaned in closer. "It's cute."

I blushed and smiled at him. James was flirting with me. No guy had ever flirted or shown any kind of interest in me before.

"Thanks," I said quietly. "I like your bracelet."

I reached up and ran my hand over the leather bracelet around his wrist.

"You like that? I got it at this shop down on the boardwalk. I could show it to you sometimes."

I smiled back at James and before I could reply, my eyes caught a glimpse of Rich over his shoulder. He was staring at us with an intense look on his face. He said something dismissive to the girl and then turned walked towards us. The girl looked surprised and annoyed at his abrupt dismissal and stormed off in the opposite direction.

"Hey, Jim. Hey, Nathan," Rich said.

"Hi," I said.

Rich moved up next to me and put his arm around my shoulders.

"Having a good time?" Rich asked, leaning into me.

I caught a whiff of Rich's scent. He smelled so good. The smell of his cologne mixed with his natural body scent sent a shiver down my spine.

James looked at me and frowned. "I'll see you next week in class."

James shot Rich a dirty look and walked towards the lake.

"Hmm. He seemed pissed," Rich said non-nonchalantly as he took a sip of his beer.

I knew very well that Rich chased James off and I probably looked like a pathetic love-sick puppy, but I didn't care. I just wanted Rich to keep holding me.

"That girl looked pissed, too," I said.

"Eh. She's a bitch. I fucked her back in high school and she apparently wants another ride."

I felt really uncomfortable with that confession and I winced. I certainly didn't want to hear about Rich's past sexual exploits. Especially with girls. It ruined the fantasy that he was gay and wanted me and I mentally kicked myself for thinking that he could ever like someone like me.

"Sorry," he chuckled. "Too much information, huh?"

"Yeah..."

"You ready for another?" he asked holding up his empty bottle.

I nodded and Rich dropped his arm from me. We went back to Eric's car and grabbed a couple more beers and returned to the bonfire. Eric walked up to Rich and whispered something in his ear. Rich nodded and Eric took off.

Rich nudged me with his shoulder. "I'm in charge of you."

"What?"

"Eric and Nicole are taking off. Don't worry. I'll get you home. Come on, let's go for a walk."

I was a little bit annoyed. Rich nodded with his head and I sighed and followed him towards the beach.

"You don't have to babysit me, you know," I said. "If you wanna be with that girl, I don't care."

"Someone sounds jealous," he chuckled.

I scoffed. "Jealous? I'm not jealous," I lied. "Why would I be jealous?"

"Okay, Nate," he said sarcastically.

I didn't know what to say to that and I just huffed. "Nathan. My name's Nathan, not Nate."

Rich stopped and pulled out a cigarette. He cupped his hand and lit it, then exhaled. I leaned against a tree and watched him smoke.

I sighed in defeat. I couldn't be annoyed or mad at him. We made small talk about his job and my classes. When he was finished smoking, he flicked the cigarette butt onto the ground and smashed it with his big boot.

I pushed off from the tree and stepped forward. I tripped over a tree root and went stumbling forward, right towards Rich. He grabbed me before I fell and I smacked right into his chest. His touch sent shivers up and down my spine and my body shuddered. As he held me in his arms, I looked up at him and he looked down at me.

"Rich..."

Rich pushed his mouth onto mine and kissed me. I whimpered and wrapped my arms around his neck. Rich's mouth opened and his tongue pushed its way into my mouth and I opened willingly. He sought my tongue out and then explored my entire mouth. He pushed forward, pushing me back into the tree. We kissed hard and passionately.

Rich finally broke the kiss. It was the most amazing thing I could have ever imagined.

He stepped back and looked down at me. "Let's get out of here."

He leaned down and gave me one more quick kiss. He lit another smoke and I followed him back down the shore, past the bonfire, and to the parking lot.

He unlocked the passenger door of his old, beat up black Ford pickup truck and I climbed in. Rich took one last drag of his cigarette and stomped the butt on the ground with his boot. He exhaled and climbed into the truck. He started it up and pulled out of the parking space, and moved to the far end of the parking lot. He pulled into a space near a burned out street lamp. The truck was dark, only illuminated by the dashboard lights.

Rich put his hand on the back of my head and pulled me towards him. He kissed me again. After a few minutes of heavy french kissing, I reluctantly pulled away.

"Rich?" I asked quietly.

"Nathan?"

"What are we doing?"

"Kissing."

"I know... I mean... You're not playing with me, are you? I really like you. I've had a huge crush on you for a long time."

"I know you have, Nate. I'm not playing with you. I think you're really cute."

"You do?"

"Mm-hmm. I didn't realize how much I liked you until I saw you flirting with Jim. I got so fucking jealous, it took everything I had to not rip his head off for touching you."

I took a deep breath and slowly let it out. Rich leaned in and kissed me again. He was insistent as he leaned into me, maneuvering me so that I was practically laying down. He moved so that he was straddling me. He kept kissing me and his hands were all over me. He took my hand and pressed it into his crotch. I gasped at the large, warm bulge I felt there.

I tried to sit up. "Rich, not here. Not like this."

Rich pulled back. "Sorry, Nate. I got carried away."

"It's not that I don't want to..."

I blushed and Rich smiled at me. He leaned in and gave me a quick kiss.

"Why don't we go get something to eat?" he said with a smile.

We sat up and got ourselves situated. Rich put the truck into reverse and we headed out. We drove downtown and went to our favorite pizzeria. We chatted comfortably about all kinds of topics. Rich told me some funny stories about some of the guys we knew from school. He had me doubled over in laughter telling me a story about Nicole sneaking out of the house to see Eric.

After finishing up our pizza, we went back to the truck.

"Do you wanna go back to my place?" he asked. "My uncle works nights. We'll have some privacy."

I was really nervous. I wasn't sure exactly what was happening with Rich, but I would take any alone time with him I could get. "Okay."

I had never been to Rich's house before, but I knew that he lived in a trailer with his uncle. His parents died in a car crash when he was really little and his uncle took him in. I'd never met his uncle before, but Nicole did not like him.

We drove to the other side of town and pulled into a trailer park. Rich parked his truck in front of a trailer and I followed him inside. It was bigger than I thought it'd be on the inside. Rich seemed a little embarrassed. I followed him to his small bedroom at the front end of the trailer. He shut the door and we sat down on his bed.

He cleared his throat nervously. "You're probably used to a lot nicer than this..."

"Rich, I'm here to be with you. That's all I care about."

I moved my hand up to his face and ran my fingers through his beard. It was short, but thick. It was growing a little bit wild and could use some shaping up. But the feel of it really turned me on.

Rich groaned and kissed me. He tossed his ball cap onto the nightstand. We kicked off our shoes and boots and laid down on the bed on our sides facing each other. We kissed for a long time before Rich rolled on top of me. He started kissing my neck and I whimpered in pleasure. My whole body shivered and I grabbed at his back, wrapping my arms around his shoulders. I could feel his hard bulging crotch grinding into my hip. Rich's hands moved up under my shirt and he ran them all over my chest, lightly tweaking my nipples. I had never felt anything like this before. He was driving me crazy.

He lifted up and pulled my shift off. He sucked and licked my nipple into his mouth and I cried out. I ran one hand up to the back of his head and gripped a clump of his hair. As he moved to the other nipple, his hand moved down to my pants. He ran it over the bulge my erection created and I moaned and shuddered from his touch.

"Rich..."

"God, I wanna fuck you so bad right now," he husked into my ear.

Rich unbuckled my belt and unzipped my cargo pants.

"Rich... I'm... I've never..."

Rich pulled back and looked at me in shock. I blushed bright red and looked away.

"Nate?"

Rich reached out turned my head towards him with his finger.

"Nate, are you a virgin?"

"Yes..."

"Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, moving off me and sitting up. "I wouldn't have moved so fast. God, you must think I'm some sort of animal."

"It's okay... I want to... with you."

I was scared that this was going to be a one night stand. I guessed that Rich had a lot of partners before me, obviously both girls and boys. I decided quickly that I'd take this one time with him if that's all I could get.

I pulled Rich down to me and we kissed. I grabbed the bottom of his jersey and pulled it up. He grabbed it and pulled it over his head and dropped it onto the floor. I whimpered at the sight of his bare chest. I ran my hands through the brown hair. It felt so soft and the tips of my fingers tingled as I combed them through the fur, stroking from his collar bones down to his belly.

"Oh god, Rich... You're such a stud."

Rich groaned at my approval of his body. He bent down and pulled my pants off. I raised my butt up to help him. He looked at my briefs and hooked his fingers under the waistband and then looked up at me.

"Can I?"

I nodded and he slipped my briefs off and tossed them onto the floor with the rest of my clothes. Rich was laying on his side next to me, staring at my penis. The smooth, slender shaft jutted out from the soft blond curls above the base. The normal pink color was blushing red with desire and the head was moist and swollen. I wanted Rich to touch me so bad that all my doubts about my small endowment were quickly forgotten.

I looked down as Rich's big meaty hand enclosed it in a gentle fist. The tip just barely visible sticking out of his fist. His thumb flicked over the slippery tip and I fell back into his pillow and moaned. Rich's hand slid up and down my shaft, my pre-come making it slippery. I couldn't hold it back anymore.

"Rich!"

My hips bucked and my back arched. My stomach tightened and the first blast flew out and landed in the middle of my chest. I gasped as Rich continued to stroke me. The second blast hit my lips and chin and it was followed by a few more spurts to my chest and stomach. I relaxed back onto the bed and looked at Rich through half-closed glassy eyes. He moved up to me and licked my chin and lips then kissed me, pushing his tongue into my mouth. I could taste my semen on his tongue and I wrapped my arms around his neck and returned his kiss with passion.

"Be right back," he said and gave me one last quick kiss. He got up and left the room, quick returning with a washcloth and towel. He wiped me and dried me and then laid down.

"Rich, can I... I... I want to make you feel good, too."

"Whatever you want to do, Nate. We'll go at your pace."

I reached down and unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans. He raised up so that I could pull them off. I grabbed the waist band of his boxers and helped him get them off. He bent his knees and pulled his socks off and tossed them onto the floor.
