 Matthew woke up really tired. It was a Saturday morning so usually he would be getting up around 11 am, but today, he couldn't sleep. He jerked off at least five time last night, imagining Phillip sitting on his face and forcing him to pleasure him in the dirtiest way possible. The way Phillip treated him yesterday, like a slut to use and then leave, should've made him furious, but instead he wanted more. He was thinking about calling Phillip and asking if he could serve him more, but he didn't want to come off as clingy or obsessive.

When suddenly his phone vibrated, informing about incoming message, he ignored his penis demanding attention again and reached to the bedside table, with heart beating in excitement.

The messages - as there were two of them - came from an unknown number. Matt felt immediately disappointed that it wasn't Phillip, yet decided to open them, as unknown callers always made him anxious. First message was a mp4 file. He thought it was strange, yet he opened it.

He felt like huge blade of fear just stabbed him in the middle of chest. He couldn't believe it. It was a video from his own apartment, from yesterday... He saw in great detail his own face buried in Phillip's pubs, cuddling with his dangling balls, kissing them passionately. The angle of camera was ideal, it recorded every spicy detail. Phillip's body was cutting below his hips, so he couldn't have been identified.

"If you don't want this to go viral, show up in the Manchester's Gym, tomorrow at 8 am. - NPM" the second message read. Matthew felt like the entire world has ended. His life was ruined. It was the end. His friends, teachers, parents, everybody will know. It will be like with that girl with foot fetish whose video went viral not so long ago. People destroyed her.

"Ethan! Ethan, I'm so fucked!", Matthew left the room and invaded the bathroom, catching his friend only in a towel wrapped around his hips, with glistening skin from the recent shower. He was currently brushing teeth so he looked at Matt through a mirror. "I did something really dumb!"

"I warned you not to send that complaint on professor Smith, these online forums are anonymous only on paper..."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Matthew's face showed pure suffering. "I've had a date yesterday, remember? It... kinda went... wild..."

Ethan smiled naughtily. "You dog. But what's the matter? You've got pregnant?"

Matt showed him his phone and the second message. "That bastard must have recorded me. Now he wants to meet, probably to blackmail me! Fucking hell, I don't have any cash!"

His best friend took the phone to his hand and gave a closer look to the messages. "Oh, fuck", he said, so suddenly, that it gave Matt another heart attack.

"What?!"

"That 'NPM'... I think I know what it means." Ethan reached for his own phone and opened some application that had a wolf icon. The opening screen read: Naughty Pleasure Market. "It's kind of a sex app..."

"What do you mean?!"

"Well, you ask friend from the club for an invitation and if you're healthy, somewhat attractive and with dominant or sadistic personality, they create you an account. Then you get to choose from a bunch of slaves who will have to show up at your door and... well, open their legs for you." Ethan seemed a little bit ashamed while revealing that. "I've never told you about this because I've had no idea they were offering male slaves as well."

Matthew sat down on the toilet, feeling a little bit dizzy. "So, I am to become some kind of sex slave for sadists from the internet...? I have to go to the police."

"I don't know, man... that might be a bad idea. I've heard some guys gossip that police officers are also members of the Market. You remember Linda, right?" Matthew did remember. It was the same girl that had her life ruined by her shameful video. "The Market wanted to recruit her but she opposed and went to the police. Her case went cold but not her videos... they're still up on almost every porn site..."

"So what's your idea?! I am supposed to go there... and just let guys fuck me?"

"Would it be really so bad?" Matt couldn't believe that Ethan would even ask this. "I mean... I've never met a slave girl from the Market that wouldn't enjoy all the bad things I did to them. All members have to be somewhat good looking, clean and what's most important, they are healthy and often tested. And if you didn't enjoy this kind of treatment, they wouldn't get this porn video of yours so easily, huh?"

"What the fuck, Ethan?" Matthew asked in angry disbelief. He didn't wait for an answer and stormed out of the bathroom, leaving his friend alone.

*

An hour later, Matthew showed up in a very prestigious district, which looked kinda like a labyrinth, and yet he still managed to find the apartment of his last night lover Phillip, who didn't answer any of Matt's calls. He knocked at the door and waited, impatiently.

"Who's there?", asked some voice from behind the doors. It was way too soft and too young-sounding to be Phillip's.

"My name is Matthew Black and I need to speak to Mr. Phillip. It's very important."

"Hmm... One second."

It was definitely more than just one second. Two minutes at least. Matt was considering knocking on the door again, but then, the lock clicked and he got to see a boy of his age, who was wearing only a white jockstrap and pair of long, white socks reaching his knees. He had also some kind of fake bunny ears, glasses and a dog collar around his neck. Describing Matthew's expression as 'confused', would count as a very heavy case of euphemism.

"Come on in", the stranger invited him with a smile and locked the door behind him. "Master said he will gladly see you, but I'm not allowed to let you in any further, unless you get dressed appropriately." He gave Matthew an uniform, which contained exactly: white collar, pair of long socks, bunny ears, jockstrap... and a butt plug with a bunny tail on its end...

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Matthew's voice was rarely that aggressive.

"No, I don't think I do. Why are you so defensive? It's to please our master." The bunny guy seemed genuinely surprised. "Look, if you want to get in, put that on. If not, just leave..."

Matt couldn't believe that he was doing it. He took his shirt off, then pulled off his shoes and pants, left just in boxers. "So you intend to keep staring at me like that?" he snarled at the bunny boy who wasn't even hiding that he's very interested in content of his underwear. After looking at him closely, Matt figured that this stranger must be a little bit younger than him.

"I'm merely serving my master's pleasure, as will you." It was pretty amazing that a guy in such ridiculous outfit could be smiling with such confidence.

Matthew pulled down his boxers, bravely showing off his dick and then he put on the skimpy jockstrap, which left his ass cold and bare. "He's not my master."

"And yet you're stripping down for him." Slave boy gave him a cold smile full of satisfaction. "I'll also have to insert this." He showed Matt the butt plug, while he was putting on the white socks. "When you're ready, bend over. I will lube you up."

"I can manage to do this alone, you won't lay your filthy fingers on me, mate."

"I will and you will surrender to it or you will have to leave. The choice is always yours." He moved behind Matthew, making him even more uncomfortable. "Your asshole is not clean shaven... Only real men like master are allowed to have hairs down there..."

"If you think I will let you shave me, think again."

"So mouthy... You should be spanked, but it's not for me to decide. You're the type who thinks that opposing the master will let you keep your dignity, while in reality, it will only make you fall harder in the end. Bend over!" Matthew clenched his teeth and obeyed.

He felt two dry fingers gently touching his asshole, rubbing it and pressing on it. "Weren't you supposed to lube me up? Your fingers are dry!"

Bunny guy looked into Matthew's eyes and put the same two fingers into his mouth, tasting Matt's ass. "You still don't get it, do you? Master didn't give me any bottle of lube or anything... we're not using them here at all." Bunny knelt in front of Matthew's ass. "We're using only natural methods of lubricating..."

In next five minutes, Matthew's toes did a lot of curling, few muffled moans escaped his mouth and his erected penis left the jockstraps, starting involuntarily glistening with precum.