 Travels in France – Part 1

My formative years, of which I can say nothing on here, left me with a penchant for old men, exhibitionism, taking orders, and anonymous outdoor sex. Now I am getting towards being an old man myself I thought perhaps its time to relive the memories and share them with others.

The summer after I left University I went to Paris to stay with some college friends. Unfortunately due to an illness in the family they had to leave and I decided to travel down to the south of France on my own. With limited funds I chose to hitch hike there. 

With even more limited French and a general reluctance by the French to give lifts this turned out not to be the easiest way there, and towards the end of the first day, I had had only progressed about 200KM down the Route du Sud. Just as I was considering sleeping in the field behind the rest stop a lorry drew up. This was very unusual as French insurance rules usually forbid it, but I was not going to argue.

I climbed up into the cab, and tried to make some stilted conversation with the driver, a real heavily built guy in his 50s, without a great deal of response. Lapsing into silence I must have dosed off, because I suddenly became aware of two things. One, it had got dark. Two, there was a large hand stroking the outside of my thigh. 

At this stage I should point out I was wearing a pair of the very short shorts fashionable at the time so there was at least a foot of bare thigh showing, and to be caressed. The shorts also failed to hide the bulge that appeared instantaneously in my crotch. 

"Tu l'aime?"

"Oui" I replied.

His hand continued to fondle my thigh moving slowly upwards, with occasional breaks as the driver changed gear, until he was rubbing my crotch and my increasingly restricted cock.

Tapping on my shorts the driver said - "enlevez-les"

Doing as commanded I raised my hips and took off my shorts.

"et la" - pointing at my t shirt.

Stripping it off I was rewarded with a tweak of my left nipple.

"Et-les"-tapping on my Y fronts,

"ici?"- I objected, knowing that although we were in open country, and too high up for any passing vehicles to see in, the N6 passed regularly through towns and villages where we would be overlooked ,

"oui, maintenant" he said firmly, in a manner that broke down my resistance, and off came the pants,leaving me naked apart from my trainers.

My cock sprung to attention, its large circumcised helmet leaking pre-cum. I spread my legs both to give him room to play, and so that my left knee came into contact with his right thigh. His big hand grasped my balls roughly, squeezing them,and feeling the sperm filled sac. Then he started to pump my prick as if he was trying to pull it off.

"Trop vite" I complained, and he slowed down.

Closing my eyes I played with my nipples as the insistent pumping started to draw up my spunk. Soon my balls tightened and a stream of cum splashed over my thighs, belly and the drivers hand.

I looked at him and smiled.

"Bon?" he asked

"Oui, tres bon, merci"

After cleaning his hand with a cloth, he passed it to me and I wiped up the stains from my body, and the seat, and the dashboard. Well it had been a week since I last came!

As I went to pick up my pants I heard the command "Non, laisse!" - and realised I was not going to be allowed to get dressed. 

We drove for another hour or so .Yves, as he now introduced himself, playing gently with my cock, getting it back to hardness, but without the level of stimulation needed to cum. We turned off into a service station, and Yves parked at, to my relief, the back of the lorry park, well away from anyone.

He pushed me across the seat and slid along after me. Undoing his trousers Yves took out a nice meaty half erect cock and grabbing my head pulled it down so my mouth was over his waiting rod I started to run my lips and tongue down his shaft. I felt his dick get longer and stiffer. 

You are so young, so pretty , he murmured – at least I think he used belle, not beau. I felt his rough hands all over my back as i worked my tongue and lips faster. His hips rose as he started to fuck my face grabbing my hair to push my head up and down his cock. Soon I felt his body go stiff and warm cum shoot into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could, with Yves still holding my head I had little choice, and the rest trickled out of my mouth. 

Releasing me, Yves allowed me to sit up. I saw his eyes widen a little when he saw the raging erection my servicing of his cock had given me. Placing his hand round the base of my prick he leaned over and took the end of it in his mouth. Licking round the sensitive skin just behind the helmet, whilst pumping me with his hand Yves soon had me on the edge of another orgasm. Removing his mouth he pumped harder and faster as my hips writhed around on the seat, bucking up and down until another stream of spunk sprayed over me and the cab.

Passing me a tissue and telling me to get dressed and follow him, Yves led me into the restaurant of the service station, to a part reserved for truckers. He walked over to a table where three other drivers were already eating, and motioned me to sit down. I slid along the bench and allow Yves to sit next to me had to squeeze up next to one of the others, who introduced himself as Bertrand.

Surrounded by the truckers I soon lost track of what they were saying as they talked in fast colloquial French to one another. However I did seem to be the main topic of conversation and it soon became clear that a graphic description of the ride was being given. Yves was fondling my knee under the table and the Bertrand seemed to have the same idea. When I felt a foot belonging to one of the men opposite on my calf I began to panic a little. How far was this going to lead? I was somewhere in the middle of nowhere in France, with four guys all of whom were heavier than me.

As I finished my meal Bertrand said to me in broken English that Yves was going to Montpellier, but he was going to Italy, and could take me all the way to Cannes or Nice. I thanked him and said I hoped Yves would not mind. This Bertrand translated, and the reply from Yves caused a burst of laughter from the others. I gathered from Bertrand that Yves said he was a once a week performer, and that Montpellier wasn't a weeks drive away.

As we walked to Bertrand's truck, Yves gave me a pat on the arse, a quick fondle of my crotch and wished me Bon Voyage. Thanking him I climbed up beside Bertrand, grateful I had both a lift and only one guy to cope with. Bertrand must have been late 40s, short , squat, powerful, and needed just a beret to look typically French. Despite his appearance he was not as assertive as Yves and allowed me to keep my clothes on, contenting himself with stroking my thigh whenever his hand was not needed to change gear.

I must have fallen asleep as the next thing I knew we had parked in a lay-by in the bend at the top of a hill. I was greeted with a superb view of dawn rising over the wilderness of the Camargue.

"Its nice,n'est-ce pas?" 

Yes I agreed, "very nice"

"Now you undress for me, non?"

Stripping for him as I had for Yves, he ran his fingers gently over my arms, my chest, his touch bordering on tickling. For what seemed for ever he teased me, stroking every part of me he could reach except the parts that were straining for his touch.

"Lie down" he instructed.

I obeyed as much as I could, my back resting against the lower part of the passenger door, my legs stretched across the seat. Bertrand leaned between my legs kissing the inside of my thighs, working his way towards by crutch. Licking my balls and then along my shaft, his tongue making me harder and even more erect. His hands stroked my belly and then played with my nipples, causing furthers tremors of excitement to run through me. Sliding his mouth over the end of my cock, he started to suck gently, his tongue working as he did so.

I grabbed his head with both hands urging to go faster, but he continued his slow tantalising approach. Such a contrast with Yves' urgency and with the powerful hairy chest he revealed as he took off his shirt.

Lying over me, he kissed and sucked my nipples as he squeezed my cock between us. I felt his hardness through his jeans against my thigh. I tried to unfasten his belt but he was a bit to far away. With an agility that belied his size he swung himself round so he was standing crouched beside me and I could reach him. Lowering his trousers and pants to his ankles I manouvered his cock into my mouth and began to suck, trying to match my rhythm to that of his hand on my prick.

We continued pumping each other, until I felt Bertrand's body tense, and a gush of hot spunk hit the back of my throat. As it did so my own release came, not as powerful as previously but more intense from the longer build up. I lay there with cum on my thighs,belly, and dribbling down my face.

Bertrand silently dressed himself and passed me a cloth to clean myself. It seemed he was a bit uncomfortable after this, perhaps a basically straight guy with guilt feelings, so I got dressed and tried to make small talk for the few hours until he dropped me off on the outskirts of Cannes