 I'd like to thank everyone for their positive feedback...very much an ego boost for me. I hope that everyone's interest is just as good in this continuation.




The next morning, I woke up groggy and sat up in my bed for a minute until the memories of yesterday flooded back into my mind. I'd sucked my best friend's, Chris, cock in the woods unknowingly watched and photographed by an older neighbor, Mr. Gregory. He'd used the pictures to force me to suck him and told me to be at his house at 9AM. I glanced at the clock...it was already 8:30.

I jumped out of bed and took a quick shower, then hurriedly dressed. I didn't want to be late and give him any reason to show the pictures of me sucking Chris (or the later ones he took of me with his fat cock in my mouth) to my folks. As I left my room, I glanced at the cock -- 8:48.

As I bounded down the stairs, I almost ran over Mom as she came up. "Whoa, slow down!" she exclaimed as the basket of laundry she was carrying was knocked out of her hands and went tumbling down the steps.

"Sorry, Mom," I mumbled as I quickly picked up the clothes and heaped them back into the basket. 

"Dammit," she replied angrily, "I *just* folded those." She helped me pick up the remaining clothes and then shoved the basket into my hands. "They're all yours, so you can fold them again and put them away."

"Uh...I promised Chris I'd meet him at 9 o'clock. Can I fold them later?" I pleaded. 

"No. NOW!" she said, irritated. "Chris can wait a few minutes. It won't kill him or you. And be a bit more careful, please. Both of us could have taken a spill down the stairs."

"Yes, ma'am." Shit, this was going to make me late! 

I went back upstairs to my room, hurriedly re-folded my clothes, and put them away. The clock said 8:55 as I exited a second time. I passed Mom again on the stairs, much slower this time, and she gave me an approving smile. I had almost reached the bottom step when she called out to me.

"Oh, Joseph?" 

I stopped. "Yes, Mom?"

"Your father wants you to help him in the garage after he gets home from work, so make sure you're home by then."

I gulped. Mr. Gregory told me to have no plans for the day, but I couldn't tell HER that.

"Uh, ok, sure Mom," I said. From there I could see the clock in the living room. 8:58.

"That's a good boy," she said, her voice receding down the upstairs hallway.

I tore out of the house, and ran like mad to Mr. Gregory's house. When I reached his front door, I was breathing hard. I took a few seconds to catch my breath, then knocked on the door.

The door opened almost instantly and Mr. Gregory's arm shot out and yanked me into his house. I stumbled and fell to the floor in his foyer

"You're late," he said, angrily, looking down at me. I could see that he was only wearing a robe and it wasn't even tied closed. His fat cock lolled between his legs.

"My mom told me to..." I started to protest.

"It doesn't matter why you're late," he said. "I told you 9, and it's 9:04. And you say 'sir' when you're allowed to talk to me!"

"I'm sorry, sir," I said, my eyes welling up with tears. "Please, forgive me this once!"

"A bitch like you doesn't deserve second chances," he said, grabbing my arm and pulling me to my feet. "I'll decide the appropriate punishment for you later. Now strip."

I hesitantly started to take off my clothes, and was rewarded with a stinging slap on my face. 

"Don't take all day," he warned.

I quickly tore off my clothes and left them heaped on the floor. Even though I'd already had his cock and cum in my mouth, i was embarrassed to be naked in front of him. My hands quickly covered my groin. 

"Awww...how cute, the cunt is shy," he taunted me. "Turn around."

After I did, he grabbed both of my arms and tied both of my hands behind me then spun me around to face him. Reaching into the pocket of his robe, he pulled out what looked like a dog collar and a leash. He fastened the dog collar around my neck, then held the leash up to my face.

"Do you know what this is?" he asked.

"A leash, sir?" 

"That's right. It's used to control bitches that a man owns, like you. Take a good look at it and describe it to me," he said.

"Uh, it's red leash," I answered.

The flat of his hand slapped my face again, stinging my cheek and causing a tear to roll from my watery eyes. "SIR!"

"Sir! Sir! I'm sorry, sir!"

"Try again."

"It's a red leash, SIR." I said.

"Very good. Take a closer look and describe it to me in detail."

"Uh..it's a red leash with blue stitching, sir," I said.

"VERY good. I want you to be able to pick out THIS particular leash from a hundred others. Do you understand?"

"No, sir, I don't understand!" Tears were rolling down my face by now.

"This is a very special leash," he explained, extending it out to it's full length. "It means that I OWN you. It means that you're my little fuck-toy. It means that when you see this leash, this PARTICULAR leash, you drop what you're doing and get ready to take a hard dick."

"Y-y-yes, sir," I gulped. 

"You're going to be a busy boy today," he chuckled, fastening the leash to the collar he'd put around my neck. He reached into the other pocket of his robe and pulled out a length of cloth, fastening it as a blindfold around my eyes. I heard/felt him walk past me, then felt the leash yank on the collar. I followed as best as I could, bumping into walls and furniture.

The pull of the leash stopped and I came to a halt. I felt his hands on my shoulders, pushing me down to my knees. I almost fell over, but his grip steadied me. His hands disappeared and I felt something touch my lips.

"Open up," he said, harshly. "Suck daddy's hard cock."

As my mouth opened, his cock slid between my lips. I recognized the taste and feel of him and, despite my fear, my own dick tingled and threatened to grow. I was afraid...I didn't know what was going on, I couldn't see, and couldn't use my hands but despite that I was getting hard. It was almost like the fear was was the kindling for the fire of my excitement.

I softly sucked on his cockhead, my tongue swirling around it. I could taste more of his pre-cum, salty and intoxicating.

I sucked harder, pulling more of him into my mouth. I was rewarded with a moan from him.

"Yesssss, that's a good bitch. Use your tongue more," he directed.

There wasn't much room in my mouth for my tongue to maneuver, so I settled for sliding it up and down his length. That seemed to placate him, and I felt his hands gently grasp the top of my head. I took him deeper, then pulled off until he was almost out of my mouth, and then took him deep again. His hands urged me faster and I picked up my pace.

I felt fingers grabbing and slightly twisting my left nipple, and suddenly stopped sucking his cock in shock. If both of his hands were on my head, then what....? Was there someone else here???

"What the fuck are you stopping for?" he demanded. He shoved his cock deep into my mouth, forcing it into the back of my throat, making me gag, and held it there. I frantically tried to pull away from him, but his hands held me fast. The fingers on my nipple pinched painfully. "I didn't tell you to stop! Suck my dick or I swear I'll choke you to death with it!"

He pulled back, thankfully allowing me to get some air and allowing my roiling stomach to calm down. Hurriedly, I sucked him with a frenzy, not wanting his fat cock to choke me again. The fingers on my nipple kept their grip, and a second set grabbed my right nipple, pulling it up and away from me.

My dick, which had started to deflate when I was choking, started growing again at the sensation of Mr. Gregory's cock in my mouth and my nipples being pulled and pinched. In seconds, I was as hard as he was. My body's reaction confused me, but I was in no position to sit and think about it.

I heard Mr. Gregory chuckle. "The whore is starting to get into it," he said to whoever else was there. "I knew he'd be a great cocksucker, once he got around to it."

To my shame, I realized he was right. I DID like having his cock in my mouth, even though having my hands tied behind me, and wearing a blindfold and collar on, scared me. I moaned to myself at the realization, then worked my mouth on his cock even faster and harder. Suddenly, I wanted his cum.

"That's right, suck Daddy," he moaned. "Jesus, you've got a fantastic mouth, boy."

His hips started pumping his cock into my mouth. I started moving my head a bit sideways, his cock twisting inside my mouth as it pistoned in and out. That little movement was all it took.

"FUCK! SHIT!" Mr. Gregory almost yelled, his cock throbbing and his cum exploding into my mouth. Surprised, I found myself swallowed his seed, feeling each pulse as it coated my tongue and throat. It seemed to go on and on forever. Incredibly turned on now, I greedily tried to pull every last drop from his balls.

Without warning, he yanked his cock from my mouth. I opened my mouth wide, wanting him to put it back in. I wanted to keep sucking him and get even more cum down my throat. I started to say something, I don't know what, but all that came out was unintelligible gibberish. 

I felt him move, and another person move to where he stood. I felt the tip of a cock touch my upper lip, and I hungrily sucked it into my mouth. I began sucking furiously, my head bobbing up and down on it. It was very different from Mr. Gregory's -- Much shorter and not as fat, but it felt harder than his, like a steel rod encased in flesh. Absently, I realized that this new person was uncircumcised; I couldn't feel the ridge of a cockhead against my tongue like I did with Mr. Gregory.

The new man was not as forceful as Mr. Gregory and allowed me to suck him, to use what I was learning about cocksucking. I relished the feeling, enjoying the sensation of his shaft sliding in and out of my lips. It didn't take him long. A minute or two of my mouth and tongue pleasing his cock and I was rewarded with his cock throbbing and his cum flowing into my mouth. It wasn't as powerful as Mr. Gregory's, but the taste was similar. I happily swallowed and swallowed and swallowed.

The second man's cock softened quickly, and he gingerly pulled it from my mouth. I sat, feeling what cum escaped my lips cooling and drying at the corners of my mouth, as he stepped away. I felt Mr. Gregory slide in front of me and felt the now much-welcomed feeling of the tip of a cock against my lips again. As I opened my mouth to accept him, I realized it wasn't Mr. Gregory. The cock shoved into my mouth was bigger than the last one and not as thick as Mr. Gregory's. A third man??? How many men were here?

The third man was much rougher than either of the first two. Grabbing fistfuls of hair, he immediately began plunging his cock in and out of my mouth. I couldn't do anything except form a wet, warm tunnel with my mouth for him to fuck. 

And fuck my mouth he did. He pounded my mouth, his cock banging against the back of my throat while he growled, "Take that, you little fuck! Feel my cock shoved down your throat!" 

I knelt helplessly as he raped my mouth, trying to breathe and hoping he wouldn't last very long. My lips and the back of my throat were starting to feel bruised. 

Finally, he shoved his cock as deep as it would go, my nose crushed by his groin. "FUCK YEAH," I heard him hiss as his cum boiled out of his balls and into the back of my throat. I tried to swallow, but couldn't because his cock was in the way. His cum and my saliva flowed past my lips and rolled down my chin.

As he yanked his cock from between my lips, I dimly realized that my own dick was harder than I'd ever felt it. I almost felt like cumming myself, just from the pure excitement of it all.

Still kneeling, I heard Mr. Gregory say from behind me, "I'm gonna pop this little cunt's cherry. Anybody want sloppy seconds?"

From either side of me, I heard two mens voices. "I'm good." "Nah, next time, thanks."

I felt a tug on the collar and a click as the leash was removed. "Stay," Mr. Gregory commanded me, then I felt/heard the three of them leave the room. 

As I waited for something else to happen, I thought about what was going on. It was a shock to realize that I liked sucking cock, something that I'd felt when I sucked Chris' dick but was too confused to understand. The whole situation with Mr. Gregory still scared me, but I was so turned on that it didn't seem to matter. As the cum on my lips and chin cooled and dried, I knew that if I simply touched my own dick once I would cum too.

It was several long minutes before I heard Mr. Gregory walk back into the room. He pulled on my arm, making me stand, and led me through the house. A minute later, he stopped and untied the blindfold from my eyes. I blinked at the sudden light, not knowing how long I'd worn it. After my eyes adjusted, I saw that I was in one of the bedrooms in his house. It was sparsely furnished with only a bed, two chairs, and a small table. The bed and one of the chairs had ropes attached to them.

He turned me around and untied my hands. "You did well...at least for a worthless whore like yourself," he said. Freed, I reached up and wiped my face, unsuccessfully trying to remove the cum on it.

"Thank you, sir," I mumbled. 

"Ask me to fuck your tight little virgin ass," he commanded.

Some of the excitement was wearing off, and I really didn't want his cock in my ass. I stood there, gaping at him.

He slapped me. "Ask me to fuck your tight little virgin ass," he repeated.

"Sir, would you fuck me?" I said, rubbing my reddened cheek.

He slapped my other cheek. "That's not how a bitch asks. Try again."

"Sir, would you fuck my tight little virgin ass?" I responded, wincing and not wanting to be slapped again.

"Beg me."

"Sir, please fuck my tight little virgin ass?"

"That's better. You'd better remember how to ask things of me," he said, smiling. He reached over and took a bottle from the table, squirting its contents into his hand. He generously coated his hardening cock with the liquid, then turned me to face the bed and pushed me onto it. My eyes clenched shut in fear as I felt him climb onto the bed over me.

"I'm going to love fucking your tight little virgin ass," he said. I could hear the leer in his voice. "I'm going to fuck you so hard that your asshole won't ever be able to close again, so often that it will feel strange when you DON'T have a cock in it."

Panic welled up in me, and I made a futile attempt to writhe out from under him. "Please, sir....don't do this," I begged.

His hand came down on my back and he shoved me into the bed. Laughing, he said, "Don't worry, bitch. I'll always have a hard cock to fill you up with."

I felt his slippery cock slide between my ass cheeks. As I struggled, his cockhead lined up with my clenched ass...and he pushed into me.

I'd never felt pain like that before. It was well beyond uncomfortable, it HURT! I screamed into the bed, then begged him to pull it out.

"Shut up, cunt. If you relax, it'll feel better," he said through clenched teeth. "In fact, you'll come to love having a cock pushed into your ass. You'll BEG for it."

I violently disagreed with him, but I wasn't in a position to escape. I felt another inch of his hard cock slide into me, and I pushed my face into the bed and screamed again.

He stopped, and I felt his cock throbbing inside me. "Jesus Christ, you're tight. I haven't felt anything like this since the first time I ass-fucked the missus. She didn't like it much at first, either."

The pause gave me some time to try to relax. My ass was instinctively trying to push his cock out and the harder it tried the more it hurt. Exerting some will, I tried to relax myself. Little by little, my probed ass began to ease and as it did, the less it hurt.

"See?" he said. "Just relax and take your Daddy's cock."

He nudged himself a bit deeper into me, causing a fresh spear of pain to shoot through me. He stopped again, and I fought the instinct to clamp down and push out. As soon as I succeeded, he would push himself even deeper.

It felt like forever, but eventually I felt the heat of his groin against my ass cheeks. He was completely inside me! My ass felt so incredibly full, and it ached something fierce, but I had managed to take his whole cock! I couldn't believe it -- I was sure that he'd split me apart before he got completely inside me.

"Good boy," he murmured. "Daddy's all the way inside you now. That wasn't so bad, now was it?"

"It still hurts, sir," I complained, understanding that he didn't really care if it did or not. 

"It will for a while, but it will start to feel really good after a while. We just have to take it slow..." He hissed in pleasure as his cock eased out an inch, making my ass want to push down and force it the rest of the way out again, then push completely back into me. "...And easy," he finished.

My own dick, which had reached epic hardness while I had mens cocks in my mouth, had shriveled to nothing at the pain. As he slowly fucked my ass, however, it began twitching again. While the ache remained, the sharp pain from earlier began to ease and then disappeared completely. 

Experimentally, I pushed my ass back in time with his thrust. It felt....good. Well, not good, but not bad. The feeling of his cock sliding in and out of my ass was becoming almost pleasant. Again, like I said, the ache was still there, but it was becoming overshadowed by the sensation of being fucked.

"Yeah, that's right," he groaned. "Fuck back at Daddy. Move that sweet little ass."

He started fucking me a bit harder and a bit faster. I started feeling less frightened, more excited. I didn't know what the connection between my ass and my dick was, but my shaft was growing as his worked it's way in and out of me.

He changed the angle that his cock was in me and hit something inside me that felt...well, great! "Oh!" I moaned softly, forgetting the ache and enjoying the new sensation.

"Daddy's little bitch is starting to enjoy this, isn't he?" Mr. Gregory gloated. 

In a small voice I heard myself reply, "Yes....Yes, Daddy...." I tried to move so that the good feeling came again. I found the right angle and, from Mr. Gregory's suddenly increased tempo, he liked what I was doing.

The ache was completely forgotten. All that mattered was that good feeling that he caused with his big dick buried in my ass. He would change the angle so that it went away, and I would fight to get it back. Pretty soon, I was pumping my ass back onto his cock with every one of his thrusts. My dick throbbed underneath me, sliding on the bed sheet and threatening to spill my own juices onto it.

"Fuck," I moaned. "Fuck...fuck me, Daddy! Fuck me!"

He didn't respond, too busy pounding his cock into my now-willing ass. I kept chanting "Fuck me...fuck me..." over and over again. As his pace began to get almost frantic, my dick exploded beneath me, the growing pool of cum making a lubricant that made each successive jet of cum explode out of me harder.

With a groan, he suddenly shoved himself into me hard enough to push me several inches up the bed. My own orgasm waning, I could feel his cock throb as it shot more and more of his cum deep inside me. The knowledge that he was cumming in my ass made my own cock throb again.

Slowly, he relaxed and collapsed on top of me. His weight on me made me feel surprisingly warm and secure. He laid atop me, gasping for air, as his cock slowly deflated. With a hiss, he pulled his shrunken cock from my happy, battered ass.

He rolled off of me, then told me to roll over on my back. What he did next surprised the hell out of me.

He crawled between my spread legs, put his weight on me, and kissed me.

It wasn't a peck on the lips, it was a full-blown sensual kiss. His tongue danced with mine in my mouth, and I could feel the passion behind it. It went on and on until he finally broke it off and got up off of me.
