 I always had my eye on my neighbor Tommy. He was eighteen now, tall and thin. I had suspected that he was gay, but I never knew for sure. One day I saw him outside, so I called him over. 

"Do you have a minute?" I asked him.

I motioned for him to come inside my house. Tommy had a confused look on his face. I guess he was wondering what the big secret was. Once he got inside and into my dining room I shocked him.

"Tommy, are you gay?"

His face said it all. It turned red as a beet.

"What makes you think I am gay?"

He wouldn't come out an answer me, so I came up close to him. I took both hands and pushed them up under his shirt. Bobby let out this deep breath. This was all I needed to confirm my suspicions. I quickly pulled off his shirt and unbuckled his pants. I think Tommy was in shock a bit, but he didn't try stopping me.

"I've wanted you for a long time," I told him.

Now that he was eighteen I could act. I started stripping down myself. We were now both naked, standing barely a foot apart. I reached out with my hand and grabbed his cock. I pulled it towards me and I soon had my cock and his in my grip. Tommy was breathing hard now. I am sure he was shocked by the turn of events. I was going to have him, that's all there was to it.

I tugged on both of our cocks until we were both erect. 

"Do you want me Tommy?" I asked him up close.

"God yes, Jeff!"

I pulled Tommy over to the dining room table and had him sit down on the edge. I took hold of his ankles and lifted them up. Tommy didn't have much pubic hair. He was almost all clean down below. I took hold of my thick member and I slid my mushroom right up to his opening. Tommy looked down as I shoved my cock into his bottom. God, did he scream. He was so tight and I was going to make sure I stretched his ass for good. 

I plunged all the way into to Tommy. I was going to mark him with my dick. I didn't want anyone else taking Tommy's ass, just me. I pushed his legs up towards his chest and I drove my cock in all the way. I held my rod in place as I was buried inside Tommy the whole way. God, did he feel good. Nothing like a tight, young male hole. There was no doubt that Tommy was getting into my fucking of him.

When I slid my prick into Tommy's ass, his muscles gripped me hard. It was like he needed every hard inch I was giving him. 

"Fuck me Jeff!"

I was giving Tommy everything I had. I almost pulled out all the way before I entered his ass. I made sure I was fucking him as fast as I could. I guess I got myself so worked up I lost control. I was trying to hold back, but it was no good. I arched my back and I blew my load into Tommy's belly. We must have come to our orgasms at the same time. Tommy's erect cock started to shoot cum from the tip of the head.

That just got me so worked up when he came. I kept spurting into Tommy for the many minutes. There was cum all over the table by the time we finished fucking. I eventually pulled my dick free and watched as my hot seed came spilling out of Tommy. He barely moved for the next few moments. I guess he had never been fucked quite like that before. I finally reached out and pulled him to his feet. We had a long kiss together before we moved back to my bed.

Oh no, we weren't finished by a long shot. Tommy and I got onto my bed and Tommy made me hard with his mouth. I could tell he had done this a few times before. Once my cock was erect, Tommy mounted me. He climbed up over my middle and then sunk down on my thick cock. It might have gotten more intense than the first time around. Tommy bobbed up and down as I held onto his hips. My cum had already lubed his ass, so I fit easily into his bottom this time around. 

I reached up and began to pinch Tommy's nipples. That really got him going. I watched as his cock bobbed up and down as we fucked. I didn't think it was going to be possible, but I squirted more of my cum into Tommy. He got me red hot and my balls began to pinch. I knew I was close and I tried to hold off as long as possible. Somehow I shot a fountain of cum into Tommy. He held me with his ass muscles as I splashed him with more of my seed.

Tommy made sure he had milked me dry. He fell onto my chest and we held each other in our arms. Tommy told me he had never had sex like that before. Most of the time he had sucked some cock and he had certainly never fucked without a rubber. Tommy said that feeling my cum inside his ass was the most intense sexual experience he ever had. I told him I had been waiting so long for this. It turned out just perfect.

Tommy now comes over to my place on the sly. When he is here I fuck him every time with my bare cock. There is something about skin touching skin that can't be beat. It looks like Tommy and I will be lovers for the near future. It was definitely worth waiting for.