 "Dominic, we really should finish these." I told my neighbor and new friend.

Dominic Goodhall and I had been working on our boy's karts for the past two weeks. The race was less than fifteen hours away, and to be honest we had spent more time drinking beer and trying to tune the engines than actually doing any real building. My son's chassis was almost ready, but I still hadn't worked out how I was going to mount the engine.

"Right, right." Dominic said, as he filed down the chambers once more. 

"Dude!" I laughed, slapping him on the back with an oily rag.

Right at that moment, Dominic's wife, Vanessa, stepped inside. She was a tall brunette who used to be a catalogue model until she had kids. Now she worked for the catalogue itself as a buyer. "You boys need anything else? If not, I'm going to bed."

"No honey, we're good here." Dominic told her, pointing to the fridge in his garage.

"Okay." She grinned. "I'd say don't stay up all night, but from the looks of things, please do stay up all night, or the kids are gonna be distressed."

Dominic waved a hand at her. "It'll be fine."

We continued working, well into the night, even calling time on beers in order to not get too drunk. I finally had the engine frame welded into place, and we both winched it into place. "Hey Dom, I need your help linking the drive train. Put your hand here." I showed him where on the chain, "and pull."

"Sure." He did just that as I linked it on, sliding a greasy hand towards his on the chain. I saw him straining to pull it tighter, as I continued to feed it on. As the final linkage fell into place, my hand slipped and I fell awkwardly onto him, with my hand grabbing his penis through his overalls and my lips landing on his. The only thing which saved this from being truly awkward was the fact our foreheads then collided and we both cried out in pain.

"Jesus, sorry man!" I hissed, rubbing my forehead.

"No problem dude." He replied, himself checking for blood.

As he welded the final pieces to his chassis, I bolted down the rest of the components, and then filled the tank with E85 fuel. 

"Let's start her up." I said. I had fitted a flick open covered switch, like on a fighter jet, to start the engine. The kart gave a short whine, before kicking to life. "Wooo!" I cried out, standing for a high-five.

"Bravo Max!" Dom cried out, high-fiving me, then slapping my ass.

I sat in the seat and revved the engine a few times before switching it off. "Dry run tomorrow morning. Now let's get you sorted."

We finished welding the chassis and then maneuvered the engine into place. Once again we struggled with the drive-train, and once again we fell into each other, again with my hand landing on his crotch. This time though, we did not bump heads.

Neither of us said anything about the crotch grabbing, and we continued as if nothing happened. Once done, we went our separate ways, promising to give them a safety test first thing. 

The karts were a big success, albeit maybe a tad on the fast side.

Two weeks later

"Max!" Dominic called over to me as I sprayed my garden. "You doing anything tonight?"

"Trudy wanted to watch a movie. Why?" I asked him as he approached.

He shook my hand as he spoke. "I'm having problems with my PC. You're a bit of an expert in those things, so I was wondering if we could take a look together."

"Laptop?" I asked, hoping it was something I could do at my house.

"Desktop."

"Dude, who has a desktop anymore?"

"Hey! I enjoy my games."

"Get a fucking Xbox One man. Anyway, I promised the wife."

"Vanessa wouldn't mind hanging out with Trudy." 

I would have to check with Trudy, but she and Vanessa got on like a house on fire, so he was more than happy to ask. "Let me check."

"Sure."

I ran inside and gave Trudy, my gorgeous young blonde wife, the low-down. She grinned and nodded. "Girly night in? Sure! But you need to go out and buy some wine, and you need to arrange for someone to take the kids."

"Deal." I told her, heading out. "We're on, but I need to go buy wine and arrange for a sitter." I told Dominic.

"Nah man, let me do that. I can get some beer and wings in, and my mom can take the kids." Dominic said.

"Okay, sounds like a plan. At seven?"

"Seven it is."

I pressed the switch on the PC, and it did nothing. I checked the plug socket, I checked everywhere, and nothing. Sliding off the side panel of the PC, I saw that none of the LEDs were flashing at all on the motherboard, which meant the PSU was effectively dead. And then I saw why.

"Dom, did you upgrade the GPU?"

"Yeah, about a week ago."

"You have a 300W PSU and you are trying to squeeze way too much out of it. You killed it."

"Ah, fuck. I'll need to go buy a new one."

"Hold on, I have an old 500W one at home." I told him, running home to find it.

A half-hour later, it was up and running, and we were laughing at Youtube videos. Unfortunately, the way his office area was laid out, meant that we were squeezed up against each other, and in our shorts, it effectively meant our bare legs were touching. I don't know why, but that bothered me.

As we continued to drink, our inhibitions dropped. I wasn't sure what was going through Dominic's mind at the time, but he decided it would be funny to look at porn. However, as he was going to type Porntube into the browser, it popped into the URL bar itself, directly pointing to a pre-viewed category of Gay Male. 

"Whoa!" He said suddenly. "That is not mine!"

I held my hands up in a non-judgmental manner. "Hey, each to their own. If you like this stuff..."

"I swear, I never."

"Then who did?" I asked him incredulously.

"Had to have been Vanessa." He gasped. "But I never had her pegged for this."

That was a cue for a joke if I ever heard one. "She ever peg you?" I asked, snorting out a laugh.

"What? No!" He scrolled down the videos, looking at the stuff she had been watching. "Fucked up man."

I shrugged. "As I said, each to their own. I don't judge."

He looked at me strangely. "You ever done anything like this?"

"No, but I went to a gay club once with Trudy when we started dating; you know, cause it was the hip thing to do, and I got hit on by a guy. Turned him down and he went away. I love my women way too much to go gay."

With a nod, Dominic agreed. "Yeah, I can't imagine it, but I guess you are right, each to their own." He mused, now watching one of the videos his wife watched, about a straight twink being seduced by an older man. We must've been watching it for about five minutes, before he realized what he was doing. There was no fucking going on, just kissing and fondling. "Fuck, sorry man, I just wanted to see what the fuss was about." And he started to move the mouse to the close 'X' button.

I reached out quickly and grabbed his hand, holding it back. "Don't." I said. "I want to see what all the fuss is about too. I've never seen this before." I don't know why, but I held my hand on his longer than was necessary, before moving it down to my leg.

"Um, sure." He agreed, shifting slightly and pulling his leg away from mine. 

As we continued to watch, the men ended up naked, and the older man was sucking on the twink's cock. Then in a quick reversal of roles, the nervous twink was confronted by the older man's huge cock. "Suck it." He told the boy, who slowly opened his quivering mouth, and swallowed the cock. Somewhere during this scene, Dominic's leg had found its way back next to mine and both were touching lightly. I don't know why I did it, but I pushed my leg harder against his. As if agreeing to the movement, I felt his push back against mine and rub slightly.

The older man pulled the twink over and bent him over a desk. As he bent down to lick at the twink's puckering anus, I felt the outer edge of Dominic's little finger, which was resting on his right leg, quickly make contact with mine, but then retract slightly. However, it was still close enough that I could feel its warmth. I was getting quite horny now, and it was not really from the action on screen, but really from the growing tension in the room. I shifted my left leg a little, which meant that my little finger made firm contact with his, and in response he rubbed it slightly by dragging his finger back and forth, which I also responded to. 

He then raised his pinky, and hooked it over mine, rubbing the other side of my little finger. Surprised by his action, I pulled back about a millimeter, causing him to pull away. Realising I had freaked him a little, I put my hand on his and interlocked all my fingers with his. At that moment, I felt him tighten his fingers against mine, and at the next moment, as the old man began entering the twink, I felt his other hand cover mine. 

We held each other like that for a little while, as my heart pounded in fear and excitement, and then resolute in my next move, I shifted in my chair slightly, and turned to place my right hand on his crotch, rubbing his erect cock and large balls through his shorts; all the while not daring to take my eyes off the computer screen.

"Mmmm..." Dominic groaned, as I continued to rub him. 

I pulled my left hand from him. "Hold on." I whispered, barely audible, and then reached down to unzip his fly, before threading my hand inside to pull out his cock.

"Oh yes." He hissed, as I rubbed his thick, six inches. 

I was leaning in close to him by that point, still watching the action on screen, but I felt his face getting closer. As I rubbed him faster, I felt his bristled face touch mine. I turned slightly, as he did, and our lips touched. Moments later his mouth opened and our tongues danced. I felt his strong hand grab the back of my head, as we kissed deeply, we sudden aggression, as if we desperately wanted each other. I continued to rub him, harder, faster, until with a sudden cry out, his cock blasted cum all over my hand.

"Yes," I whispered into his ear, holding him tight. "Cum for me Dominic, cum."

"Oh Max!" He gasped, kissing my neck. 

We held each other tight, before pulling back, giving each other one more kiss, and then settling down. He immediately shut off the computer. 

"Well, er, thanks for fixing my PC." He told me. It was my cue to leave. His libido was gone and he was feeling awkward.

"Yeah, well, no problem. I should go."

"Sure. Tell Vanessa she can come whenever."

"Will do."

He walked me to the door. I reached to open it just as he did and our hands touched once more. We held them there for a moment, rubbing slightly against each other, and then looked into each other's eyes. "It was fun." He told me, hardly moving his lips. 

"Surprisingly so." I smiled at him, and he smiled back.

Taking a deep breath, he leaned in and kissed me one last time, and then opened the door before he did anything silly.

One week later

I saw Dominic every day the following week, before heading to work. The first day was a little awkward; the second was better, the third was as normal, and the forth was tense, especially as we were talking Dominic found a reason to run the back of his index finger down my chest, and I found a reason to smile whilst he did it.

By Friday, he was making excuses to see me. "So Van and Trudy are hanging out tonight, and the kids are going on a playdate, so fancy coming over to watch a movie or something?" He asked me, with no shortness of excitement in his voice.

I nodded quickly, then gulped before saying, "so long as it will be or something."

He grinned. "It'll definitely be or something."

"Should I buy condoms?" I asked him.

"Do you fuck anyone but your wife?" He asked.

"Not until now, no." 

"Me neither. I don't think we need them."

I sighed and then looked left and right to see if anyone could see us in my garage. Then I grabbed him and pulled him to me, planting my mouth on his. He wrapped his arms around me and we kissed deeply. "I can't believe we're gonna do this." I breathed into his mouth.

"Me neither. But I want you."

"I want you too. I've masturbated all week about this."

"I can't wait till tonight. Where's Trudy?"

"On the way to school with Tom."

He grabbed my hand and pulled me into my own house. We made it to the living room, somehow, and he was pulling my pants down. Moments later my cock was in his mouth, getting its first gay blowjob. 

"Oh Dominic." I moaned, running a hand through his hair. 

With a plop, he pulled out and pushed me onto the sofa, pulling down his pants to reveal a rock hard cock. He climbed forward and we kissed once more. I could feel his cock sliding down between my buttocks and I suddenly felt the need to feel him inside me. Lifting my legs, he positioned himself at my entrance and pushed in.

"Ah..." I hissed out. "It hurts."

"I don't have any lube."

"It'll be okay. Spit on it a bit." He did just that, and then tried again. Finally, after some pushing, the head slid inside, and he held there. Once the pain dulled to a throb, he continued to push, staring into my eyes as he did. Then once again his mouth was on mine, and eventually, he was all inside. Holding there for a minute or so, we both enjoyed this first time for us. Finally though, Dom could wait no longer and began to fuck me; slowly at first, and then harder, and faster, until I was screaming for him to fuck me more.

"Give it to me Dominic. Fuck me. Ah yes! Please! Harder! Fuck me!!" I screamed, loving every second of it. I wanted to experience this every day!

"Oh yes Max! You're so fucking tight! I've never felt anything like this. I've wanted you all week."

"Me too Dominic." I told him, taking hold of his face in both my hands. "I've wanted you so much! I thought about you as I fucked my wife."

"Me too!" He cried out, just as his orgasm hit. I felt pulse after pulse of his cum stream inside me. 

He fell on top of me, and this time we made out for a few more minutes, before he climbed up on the sofa and presented has anus for me. I dived in, licking it for life itself; forcing my tongue inside him.

"Oh Max, you're wonderful!" He cried out.

I pulled back and down and sucked on his cock for a few moments, before then presenting my solid long cock to his hole. 

"Go easy." He told me.

"You'll love it." I told him.

That night, we lay in his bed, spooning together, and kissing. We had fucked four times each that evening, and twice in the morning. I was enjoying everything about sex with him, but I was also enjoying the affection. 

"I don't think I can stop this." Dominic told me, stroking my hair and giving me small kisses.

"I don't want us to." I told him, giving him kisses of my own.

"What about the wives?" He asked.

"We need to be careful. They can't find out."

"I dream about you." 

"Me too. I've never felt this way about anyone."

The next day, Trudy and I were out shopping, when the strangest thing came over me. As is usual when Trudy is trying on clothes, I usually just sit and wait, usually checking out women. But this time, I stared at a very handsome man in a red polo shirt, walking with what looked to be his wife. I was so engrossed with staring at his crotch, that I hadn't noticed my wife was actually done and was trying to get my attention.

"Is there something you want to tell me?" My wife asked; a sly grin on her face. We were already in the car on the way home.

"No. What?" I replied.

"You were staring at that guy's crotch."

"No! Why would I do that? I just zoned out, is all."

"Yeah right! You were massively checking that guy out."

"I wasn't!"

She burst out laughing. "It's okay if you were! I check girls out from time to time."

"That's different."

"How?"

"Because, I don't know, two girls is kinda normal."

"So is two guys! Since when are you the homophobe?"

"I'm not a homophobe!"

"So you admit you were checking him out?"

"I might have been." That was better than claiming to be a homophobe.

But Trudy had other ideas. "So since when are you interested in men?"

"I'm not!" I cried out, much less convincingly than I would have liked.

"It's really okay if you are."

"Look, drop it."

Later that night, I texted Dominic. "I need to see you."

"Me too! But not at home..."

"Gay club downtown?"

"Good idea! "

I turned to Trudy. "Hey, so Dominic needs my help with something. Mind if I head out?"

She looked up at me. "Sure, no problem. Go have fun with your boyfriend." She giggled.

"He's not my boyfriend."

"So you say!"

"Trudy!"

It was my first time in a gay club for years, and this one was definitely different from the one I was used to. Dark and very seedy, it looked more like a sex club than anything else.

Dom and I sat at the bar chatting about what Trudy was saying to me. "I think she's just messing with you. Don't think she knows anything." He told me.

"I hope so." 

I felt his hand on my leg. "Don't worry." He smiled before kissing me. "Come on, let's go have a look at the dark rooms."

We walked downstairs to what looked like a maze of screens behind small cupboard doors. Gay porn was playing on each screen, and men of all ages were walking down the corridors. We walked around, listening to the sound of sex coming from all over the place. 

"Let's go there." Dom said, leading me to a dark area. We walked further and further into darkness, until finally we were submerged into complete darkness. Then I felt Dom's hands all over me, as his lips made contact with mine. I dropped to my knees and took his cock into my mouth and sucked him. 

As I blew him, I heard the sounds of kissing. I looked up, and could barely make out the outline of another man kissing Dom. Seconds later, I felt a hand pulling my head towards another cock. Still holding onto Dom's cock, I took the second cock into my mouth.

I heard a condom packet open, and felt Dom bend down, holding onto my shoulders.

"Ungh..." Dom moaned, as a cock entered his ass. 

"Mmmm..." Someone said, as I felt a hand squeeze my ass through my jeans. Then the same hands undid my belt and pulled my jeans down. A finger began probing my ass as I sucked the cock in my mouth and wanked Dom's cock. Then the finger was spreading lube, before a cock was rubbing.

The hand on my head grabbed me hard, pushing the cock into my throat. He held it there as the cock at my ass began to push in.

"Ummm-mmm!!" I screamed, trying to pull away. "Uh-ummm!!" I wanted the man to put a condom on, but the other man wasn't letting me speak. The cock slid inside me and began fucking me and finally I could pull away and speak.

"Condom! Condom!" I cried out.

"Just go with it." Dom told me.

"But..."

"I'm clean." The guy behind me said. 

"No!" I cried out.

"Max, stop being a pussy and just go with it." Suddenly a small bottle was placed in front of my nose. "Sniff it." Dom told me. I did and I suddenly felt a sexual euphoria hit me. Fuck, I needed this cock.

"Oh, fuck... Fuck me!" I cried out, sniffing the poppers again. "Yeah."

I felt the cock fuck me harder, as I sucked on the other cock. That cock soon came and sprayed on my face, before finally the cock fucking me pulled out and sprayed my ass. Before I had chance to move, that cock was replaced with another one, this time wearing a condom. The poppers were placed at my nose again, and again a cock entered my mouth. The cock fucking me didn't last long, and he pulled out, this time once again a bareback cock was inside me.

"Please, condom!" I cried out.

"It's me Max!" And finally I was thankful that my boyfriend Dom was fucking me.

I showered before heading to bed. "Did you enjoy your time at the gay club?" Trudy asked me, half asleep.

"What?" I said, bolting upright.

"Honey, you forgot your iMessages from Dom show up on the iPad."

"Fuck! I'm sorry honey. It just sort of happened." I cried out, switching on the light, only to see my wife smiling.
