 This story contains femdom, gay conversion, extreme humiliation, BDSM aspects, mind fucking and frankly, is fairly extreme. If you enjoy it, please check out Power Trip, by wally_west, who inspired this story. Comments, ideas and feedback are welcomed, and remind me to keep writing!

***

She set everything in motion over the next two days. Her excuse about work had been a lie. She simply wanted him to get used to his new chastity cage, the lack of control he had over something he normally could do at any time. The thought kept her happy as she shopped for his new furnishings. Periodically, throughout the day she would stop and snap a selfie. A well angled shot of her cleavage. Another of her without her top on, a smile on her lips and you could clearly see she was naked, though the picture cut off just before her nipples. 

She would send them to him every couple of hours. Nicholas' responses were always quick and positive. He couldn't wait to have sex with her, and had no qualms letting her know. However, Cynthia was mostly interested in causing him painful erections. She knew he wouldn't tell her about that, especially not if he wanted more pictures, even if it hurt when he couldn't control his thoughts. She even felt a twinge of pity for him, she knew from her customer's experiences they could be quite painful. He'd adapt. She counted on it, she felt it was a good step in causing him to associate bad things and women. In the end, not only would he not be able to become aroused by a woman, he would feel inferior to them while detesting them and being jealous at the same time.

While Cynthia was busy with busy-work of her manipulations, Nicholas' was not having the most pleasant time. Getting to sleep that night had been awful. Every time he closed his eyes, he would think about his aunt, and sex and cocks. He could feel himself starting to get hard, his penis brushing against the cage on all sides. If he let it go on, it started to feel not very good. He ended up taking a cold shower shortly after going to bed whilst annoying his roommates and finally getting to sleep.

He woke up to pain in his crotch, early in the morning. His morning wood had filled the small cage to the brim, his skin bulging against the bars. It hurt, and he tried breathing deeply, shuffling to the bathroom. He stood there, over the toilet. He had to pour cold water over his cage, and after a minute, he was soft enough to pee. He used quite a bit of toilet paper cleaning himself after, and made note to wear baggier pants today.

He tried to quickly change his thoughts when he found himself musing on his recent experiences with his aunt. Or about what he was going to do with her. The first picture she sent took him by surprise. Her tits were so hot, he thought, and his penis twitched. He bought an icepack between classes at the local convenience store, using it in a bathroom stall at the base of his penis. And before he got to work. And on his break. Each time, she had sent him another picture. He couldn't tell if it was to mess with him or because she liked him. He felt somewhat pathetic, but he didn't want a repeat of the pain he had felt this morning. He didn't feel very gay at the moment, even though he knew she would make him do more gay things.

He had to crawl out of bed shortly after trying to sleep. His phone had buzzed, another picture from his aunt. Her hand was snaking into a pair of laced blank panties, just ever so slightly pulled down, and he felt his penis start to fill with blood. He ran off to the freezer, acting as if he were looking for something, and snuck back into his bed, applying the icepack, desperately trying to think of anything, his new apartment, his classes. Eventually, it receded but he kept the icepack next to him until he fell asleep.

Cynthia had no clue how effective her plan was at the moment, which bothered her, but she had figured he would eventually want to see her vagina, and she wanted to make sure he had trouble falling asleep. She followed the same routine the next day, making sure everything would be delivered this weekend. While she busied herself installing her monitoring software on the new computer she had bought him, Nicholas worked hard at turning his thoughts away from anything that might arouse him. Even his internal doubts about his sexuality were causing him erections after a day of not masturbating. Every time he started to feel a bit turned on, he became very aware of his chastity cage. He would feel frustrated and angry that he had agreed to it, despite all he was getting. He couldn't even focus on his final reward, losing his virginity with his aunt. He managed to focus on what was in front of him a good deal of the time, but occasionally he would pull out his phone and look at the latest naughty picture she had sent him, he couldn't help himself. As he lay in bed that night, he consoled himself with the fact that she would be back tomorrow, and he could finally masturbate. He certainly had an ample collection of pictures.

And he would orgasm tonight, it was Friday, and she would be back. He was too focused on having his cage removed, even though it was becoming familiar to him. However, no pictures came today, though he would constantly look at his phone. Finally, in the afternoon his phone beeped. No picture, but he swiped to view the message. She wanted him to come to her place today. He'd never been there. It had all been at the store and his new apartment so far. But he wasn't going to disagree. His day past slower than he thought possible, and each of his customers at work seemed to take forever. Once he'd finish closing up, he called a taxi, gave them her address, and did what he could to keep his thoughts from overwhelming him.

Her house was in a nicer part of town, and he saw her car parked in the drive way, and rung the doorbell. He had expected her to answer, but instead the door buzzed, her voice calling out over an intercom to come in. In he went, taking off his shoes. His aunt's place was quite stylish. Everything looked newish but comfortable. She called out to him, and he found her at an island kitchen table, in just a robe. His penis reacted to the many thoughts going through his mind right now. She had a drink in front of her, and it looked like she had been drinking, by the half empty bottle next to it. His balls felt particularly full, something he was not used to.

"Thanks for coming over, Nicky." She started, turning to face him. Could he see a trace of lingerie beneath that robe? "I've just had a poor day, and needed to relax. I know you need to get some cum out of you, I just didn't have it in me to drive. I hope you don't mind?" she asked, taking a sip of her drink.

"Of course I don't mind. I'd really like to get out of this thing though." He said, squeezing his legs. He could already feel his penis pressed up against the bars. He wasn't very much enjoying chastity yet. 

"Of course, of course. It must've been difficult for you, I know you younger guys have needs. Eventually, you won't always need it. But first, have a drink with your aunt? It's been a long week for you too, hasn't it?" she asked.

Nicholas had rarely drank, and nothing hard, just a couple of beers. He wanted his cage off. But he couldn't say no to her, and honestly, he was curious. A Friday night with a hot woman - even if it was his aunt - and getting drunk? This was a life he could get used to, and he said "Sure, what're you having?"

Cynthia flashed him a smile, taking another glass and filling it first with the clear liquid from the bottle. Vodka, he saw. She cut it with several fruit juices "Just something I enjoy after a long week." Handing him the glass. Her glass, was filled with the same liquids, but lacking any of the liquor. Sure, she had drank just a sip before he arrived, and splashed a little on her, in case he doubted how inebriated she was. It looked the same. She lifted her glass in salute "I'm so happy you're letting me help you deal with being gay, Nicky." Taking a lengthy sip.

Nicholas didn't say anything. He had to raise his glass as well, taking an equal long sip. His throat felt hot and he could feel the heat come to his face. It didn't taste bad, but he was unused to it. He put his glass down, adjusting his cage through his pants. "I'm not gay, Cynthia. I liked those pictures you sent me."

She rolled her eyes, taking another sip. "Nicky, I know it's hard to admit. You'll be so much happier once you can admit it." She explained. "You should trust me on this, honey. We women can spot a faggot a mile away." He adjusted himself again, his penis starting to strain against the cage.

She glanced down at it his legs, making sure he knew she noticed. She gave him a knowing smile, like they were both in on a secret. Nicholas decided to hide his face in his glass, nursing on his vodka. His throat clenched as he swallowed, enjoying the heady rush. Her accusations always made him feel bad and good, and he didn't really understand why. Some people enjoyed humiliation, he thought, didn't matter if they were male or female, gay or straight. Maybe he was like that?

"I'm not really a faggot, Aunt Cynthia. It's just, your dirty talk turns me on." He said, fully believing in his assertion. 

"My poor repressed Nicky. I'll keep telling you, it's OK to be gay. Women know these things, we know when someone else wants some cock. Why do you think all those girls you messaged never answered? Even through the internet, they were able to see you were a homosexual, and discard you like the rest of the faggots. Here, let me prove it to you." She said, pointing at his penis.

Nicholas was aching, he was starting to get really hard. Shame flooded him as she spoke. He had issues with his confidence with women, and it was painfully emotionally knowing his many attempts were turned down. If she was right, and he was sure she wasn't, girls would think he was a homo, and that stung deeply. However, he simply stood up, pulling off his pants and his boxers. He was somewhat embarrassed, but she had seen him like this before, and he knew he was going to be unlocked.

Cynthia reached into the pocket of her robe, passing it over to him and he eagerly fiddled with the lock, very carefully separating it, and sliding it off his penis. It was a tough fit, and he stopped several times before he got it off him. He left them on the counter, cage and key, and Cynthia scooped them up as his penis finally had some freedom, pocketing them in her robe.

"My, my, you are excited, aren't you?" she said appreciatively. He had no idea what was in store for him, and she wanted to keep it that way. She picked up a tablet lying face down on the counter top, making sure her robe slipped just enough to confirm she was indeed wearing a set of lingerie under her clothes. She flipped it face forwards, so they could both see it, and swiped past the lock screen. The first image that came up was of swimmer. Well, just his toned abdominals and a speedo. A very healthy erection was tenting it several inches, the outline of a thick penis clearly visible.

Nicholas penis was instantly at full attention. The alcohol was freeing some of his inhibitions, and he casually glanced at it. Cynthia pointed at his erection, a small laugh escaping her lips. "And you're telling me you aren't homosexual? Maybe it's just your dick that's gay, right?" she finished off her drink, with Nicholas glancing at the image on the tablet screen. He looked up at her as she stood up, grabbing the tablet. 

"Well, c'mon. Let's get you some porn so you can empty your balls of all that gay juice inside. Finish your drink and take your top off, and follow." She said, expecting him to comply, which he did. He swallowed in a single large gulp, finishing off his Vodka before quickly wiggling his t-shirt over his head, left just in his socks, and padded along after her. He could definitely tell she had some stockings on underneath as well, and his excitement grew when he realized they were heading to her bedroom.

She had a large vanity mirror on the wall, facing her bed. It was wide, with several pillows, and a light purple comforter on top, and she stepped over to the right side, "It's ok, you can get on the bed. Lie on your back honey." And Nicholas complied slowly, sitting himself down on the left hand side, laying his head down on one of the pillows as he stretched out. He felt extremely exposed, his short erection poking up in the air. He thought, just maybe, he would be losing his V-Card tonight. He questioned as much out loud "Are you going to take your robe off? Did you wear that for me?" he motioned at her exposed stockings.

Cynthia pretended to look confused, like she couldn't figure out what he was implying. Her lips curved upwards as she feigned realization. "Oh, you thought I was dressed up for you?" recognizing the hope on his face. She decided to nip that small hope in the bud, laughing at him "Wow, you really do think a woman would willingly sleep with you, don't you?" she saw him frown, trying to understand why she was hurting him.

She plopped down on bed, tossing the tablet between them. She reached over, opening a drawer in her nightstand, pulling out an ashtray holding a lighter, then fishing out a joint. She slipped it between her lips, taking a short hit to get it going, and exhaled, passing him the joint. Not seeing what else he could do, he accepted it, taking a hit off the joint as well. She wanted his inhibitions seriously lowered, completely relaxed, because what she had planned was going to be brutal for his psyche tonight.

"My sweet little faggot, maybe I'll dress up if you want it at the end of the month." She said, using a finger to trace the curve between her breasts, almost teasingly. "No, the reason I'm dressed up is because I have a man friend coming over after." She saw the disappointment form on his face.

"But, I'm here right now." He responded instantly, plaintively. He wasn't feeling much of the shame he felt before, maybe it was the alcohol. He took another hit off the joint, thinking it could be the weed too. He hadn't gotten off in days, and he kept thinking of those revealing pictures she had sent him. Why do that, if she wasn't going to let him do anything? He closed his eyes for a moment, feeling fuzzy headed, passing back the joint.

Cynthia held it, tapping out some ash in the tray. "Stop being so whiney, faggot. You'll have your chance. But you seriously didn't expect me to go without sex for a whole month, did you?"

Indeed, he had expected that. If he wasn't going to have sex with her, why should she be allowed to have sex was how he thought. "But... That's not fair."

She looked at him, and he could tell she was angry with him. "Really? And how is it fair to me? I'm the one who's going to have to have sex with a tiny dicked gay boy. You thought I was wearing lingerie for you? No, I'm wearing it for a real man. A man who loves pussy, and knows how to fuck a woman in a way you'll never be able to do for one. Not a boy who keeps masturbating to any gay porn he can find."

Each word struck Nicholas like a whip. Why wouldn't she believe him? He needed to touch himself, and did, rubbing at his small penis. It felt so good to touch it again. He did feel deeply humiliated, but he couldn't help himself, and that made him feel even worse. He felt woozy, and she handed the joint back to him, and his current state he simply accepted it, taking a long hit. Everything felt so good and so wrong he thought, exhaling a large amount of smoke, managing not to cough.

She picked up the tablet, tapping around the screen. With nothing to say while she wasn't paying him attention, he had nothing to say. He took another hit, coughing this time as he inhaled. He put it out in the ashtray, closing his eyes and trying to adjust.

Cynthia thrust the tablet in front of him, "Look." She commanded, and he opened his eyes. It was gay porn again. He didn't understand, she sent him teasing sexy pictures for the past few days, but now it was back to gay porn? He mentally shrugged, he needed to cum, but he wished for once she'd let him do it to a girl. Or her. With his dick free, he couldn't be bothered to care right now. He knew he shouldn't have drunk alcohol and weed, why did he do that?

The scene unfurled to show a young man in nothing but panties. Nicholas thought the man could be seen as kind of cute. He had shoulder length black hair, kind of brushed to one side of his face. He was thin, his body similar to Nicholas. There was a clear bulge in the panties he was wearing, and he smiled at the camera. Yeah, this would do fine for jerk off material, he thought, though he certainly didn't let it on.

The scene zoomed out as he wrapped a couple of fingers around his penis. There was another man in the scene, wearing a business suit and tie. A clean cut guy, who looked like he worked out, and a chiseled jaw. He was maybe thirty, with short dark hair combed forward. Nicholas watched, rapt as the younger man let the business guy pull him up close, looking down at him before planting a kiss on his lips. Nicholas' penis spasmed on the spot.

"Wow, looks like you liked that. I knew cocks turned you on, but you like that too, huh?" Nicholas just looked at her for a moment, looking back at the screen as it played out. "Have you ever seen two guys make out like that before? Well, of course you have." She chuckled, going on "They're really going at it, aren't they? That little faggot is definitely sucking some tongue right now. Do you want to do that too? Offer up your mouth for another man to shove his tongue into? Ooh, look, I was right." She crowed as the gays faces pulled apart, the younger one sucking tongue as it was pulled out. He looked sad when he let go, biting his bottom lip and smiling, a small line of saliva at the corner of his mouth. He looked kind of coy.

Nicholas kept jerking on his penis, his aunt's words fueling shame like he had never felt. He did wonder about that, what would happen if he was one of those guys. A gay. Sucking dick could be gay, but somehow making out with another man, French kissing, feeling a tongue cleaning his tonsils seemed far gayer than anything he could imagine. That was what you did with people you loved, and he loved women... but this was definitely hot to him, he could feel his orgasm boiling in his balls.

"Look, he knows what to do. He's getting on his knees. He's about to get what he needs, a mouthful of cock." She said, and she was right. The gay youth was unzipping the fly on the man's pants, fishing around inside for his reward. A meaty tube of flesh appeared through a slit in a pair of boxers, almost whacking the homosexual's face. "Look at him, Nicky. That'll be you some day. Look at how he slips that man's cock between his lips. You're just like him, aren't you?"

Nicholas had a hard time denying this, shaking his head as if to clear it out as he watched the gay act on the screen. "Isn't that what you want, Nicky? To have a handsome man tongue fuck your mouth before you sink to your knees and start worshipping his cock? See that young man? You know how he's a faggot? Look at his panties."

And look he did, his eyes drawn to straining panties, trying to contain the man's penis. The angle clearly captured the bliss on his face and his hard on while he worked the cock in front of him, trying to gets its' cum out. He was so enthusiastic. Nicholas' jerking was more frantic.

"That's how you know he's a faggot. He's queer and homosexual and he loves it. He knows he's a sissy, and he's got the panties to help prove it. No one can blow like a boy whose dick gets hard for men. I think you're just about as hard as him. It's hard to tell, with how small you are. But you're like him, a sissy faggot who gets off pleasing men."
