 This story contains femdom, gay conversion, extreme humiliation, BDSM aspects, and frankly, is fairly extreme. If you enjoy it, please check out Power Trip, by wally_west, who inspired this story.

*

The next month went be in a blur for Nicholas. Every couple of days he would experience something new. While he now had exorbitantly more free time due to his aunt footing the bills, his time at school had started difficult to say the least. He noticed quickly that people were treating him differently. Very few people actually talked to him about his coming out post on Facebook, but he could notice some people seemed to be awkward in his presence. One particular encounter where another male student, tall and overweight visibly shivered and pushed past him in the halls. Nicholas' panty-covered penis instantly stirred. Knowing what that young man must have thought him started to turn him on. He spent his next class attempting to focus on the subject at hand and failing. He took every opportunity to adjust himself when he thought no one would be looking, thinking about that random encounter.

By the end of class Nicholas had admitted to himself that he would've sucked his fellow students cock. He didn't have attractive features, had been overweight, and disgusted by Nicholas. That's what Nicholas masturbated too in the school bathroom, in what would become somewhat of a habit for him. As his aunt had requested and he had to admit been effective as a means for finding convenient partners, he joined the school's LGBT alliance. None of them could see his tattoo, which took over a week of daily visits to complete. Micky had been more than happy to have a sex toy like Nicholas.

Nicholas had been surprised at how friendly some of the members were, and he was equally shocked to be hit on. This little social circle gave him the ability to talk to others about gay life and gay sex freely. This also gave him more access to male sexual partners. And while some desired relationships with him, Nicholas held back. And the rest just wanted blowjobs. Both groups got the same thing, and Nicholas' apartment was receiving a stream of new visitors, daily. And while at times he found himself wanting for a penis to fill him up, he was too mortified to show off his tattoo. That shame was too new.

Cynthia however, was not content. She had persuaded her nephew that he wasn't trying hard enough, why he had only used Grindr three times that week! And certainly he was pleasing his fellow students at home as well on a regular basis, all recorded for her viewing pleasure. That weekend she checked in on him in person, at his apartment. 

First she checked on his tattoo, snapping a picture of it once he was naked. She had to admit her nephew did indeed have a nice body, not too skinny but not too big. Trim. His ass was indeed a bubble butt, which she groped simply because she could. She shared a knowing smile at him, because his cock hadn't reacted. "I think you need to show off a little more, sweetie. You're not just gay. What does your tattoo say?" she quipped, waiting for him to answer. He was able to look her in the eye. "It says 'faggot'." Even though he was naked, and moderately embarrassed despite numerous occasions naked in front of her in the past.

"It looks pretty too. But you're not just a faggot, are you? You're a sissy faggot. Maybe we can add that later? They know you like to suck dick. Yes, that's gay, but we both know you're holding back. You've taken more cock in your mouth in a night than you did this week. I know you're a good student, and this is your last semester, so you're going to have to work hard to catch up." She said in that voice he was becoming all too familiar with. It meant she had some new thing in store for him, though he was starting to imagine what things her twisted mind could come up with to push him further. "Catch up on what?" he questioned.

Cynthia waited a moment, "Your reputation, of course. Any guy can blow another guy. But I think I made you see your own gender in a new light. So we just have to make sure they see you for what you are: a gay male who lusts after men. I mean, what else would you call it? You get hard when you think about men." She pointed towards his now erect stub. "See? No, no, don't touch it. You like men now, that's all. No more worrying about fucking a girl, there were reasons that never worked out for you. Now we know why though: You prefer a nice masculine chest to rest on. You like to kiss men. You like it when their cum leaks out of your mouth. You like their assholes, the only way you'll ever know what some kind of penetration feels like. And we want everyone to know that's you, so first things first, we need to get you nice and shaved up."

The next half hour was spent splashing around for Nicholas applying lotions to remove any body hair below his neck. That could be made permanent later perhaps, she thought, as she watched him very slowly and carefully shave off all trace of his dark brown pubic hair. He had been hard throughout the entire ordeal. She had him put his panties back on, explaining "Your Grindr profile is a bit too tame. So we're going to spice things up a bit. We're going to give your admirers something to look at." The first thing she had him do was bend over on the bed, his panty clad ass offered up with his new tattoo clear as day. The one she made his main picture had her nephew holding his legs up high enough that his ass could be seen, his panties halfway around his legs and a goofy smile on his face. She got him used to posing, and spent another five minutes taking pictures and updating his profile. "You don't mind, do you?" she queried him.

Nicholas had been mostly a passive passenger on his trip into his new life, and after all he had done so far, what he had enjoyed, he was slowly becoming a more active participant, and responded "I do mind, but I want it too. I am a god damn sissy faggot now, so I guess I'll be the best one I can for you."

Cynthia kept up a casual act, as if it was a barely acceptable response when her heart was pounding so hard. This was going far better than she had guessed, and she knew for certain he would follow any suggestion she made. "Now, you're going to have to turn down men, it's simply not realistic to fuck them all. Besides, you'll be sucking your new gay school pals now too. If they don't ask, you ask. You may have to convince some of them, but you're going to need to start fucking and sucking in the school's bathroom stalls or wherever you can steal a moment. We really need word of you to get around, earn that reputation. Maybe if you're lucky you can get a TA or a professor to exchange favors. You'll be a legend by graduation. ", she enjoyed the look on his face, and nodded her approval to play with himself. Nicholas was instantly rubbing at his dick through his panties.

"You're going to have to become very good at scheduling. I know you need to study hard, but you're going to also have to study cock nightly too. I don't think it'll be all that difficult with these new pictures, maybe just one an evening. That's a lot of gay sex to be having, but I know you can do it. You want to do it. Word needs to get around, so people know what you are."

She paused for a moment, continuing as her gay nephew masturbated in his panties. "Basically, everyone needs to know that you're a flaming homo. They need to know about your newfound love for men. That your holes are available and craving use. Every time you blow someone in the bathroom and come out, people will know. It'll be a steady stream of men coming and going from your apartment all semester." 

Cynthia sat down on Nicholas' couch, patting next to her for him to take his seat. She put on the recording of his encounter in the back of the sex shop, making sure the volume was nice and loud. "Go ahead, you've jerked to it before, and when there's no men around you become a chronic masturbator. I can't imagine how much Kleenex you went through." She laughed to herself. She didn't bother hiding her own arousal, spreading her legs and slipping a hand into her own panties.

She waited until the extremely muscular man was brought up and watched Nicky's excitement start to get the better of him as his breathing became labored. She smirked at him, "Just over a month ago you were a straight male virgin. But look at you now, baby. That's you, right there on the screen, getting all flustered by an alpha male. Look! You're not even looking at Sydney, and she is quiet attractive. You should get used to her reaction. That's pretty much what women have always thought of you. A little dicked sissy who even if he could get it up for them, wouldn't be able to bring them any pleasure. You'll see, soon enough." She said.

Nicholas fumbled with his panties, enjoying the sensation as he rubbed them into his penis. "The girls treat me differently now, sometimes." He said, and Cynthia picked up right after "Of course they do. You were repressed before and trying to pretend to be a man. But now they know you like sucking cock and kissing boys, just like they do. Except you're a boy. So they're friendly, but really they're just taking pity on you. They know you won't hit on them, they know you don't like or deserve that kind of thing. Maybe you can get some sex tips from them! I think that'd be a great idea, help you really learn how to please your men." She could tell her nephew really liked that idea. Anything where other people were involved with his new found homosexuality would fill him with shame and stiff erections.

"This whole time, I've been conditioning you. We're doing it right now. We're reinforcing your gay tendencies. And plenty more of that is coming, nephew. No stopping. When you see a man, I want your first thought to be about what his cock is like. To imagine what it would be like in between your lips. Maybe one day you'll have a boyfriend, but boys like you are a bit too promiscuous to be tied down right now." She continued to slip her fingers inside her pussy, which was quite lubricated, and felt her excitement rise as she noticed her nephew wasn't even looking at her, his eyes were fixated on the TV screen as he watched himself hump a man's leg. "I think you should watch this every morning, and every night. Just to make sure you don't get any strange ideas: This is what you are now, and there's no avoiding it."

It wasn't long after that Nicky filled his panties with his seed. Cynthia enjoyed a very pleasant orgasm watching her nephew pant and squirm, watching how differently he acted once his orgasm had subsided. This was a fairly normal situation for them now.

That week, Nicholas did as instructed. As if he could do differently. He soon earned a reputation for being cock addicted faggot in the bathroom stalls or any unlocked staff room or supply closet. While he certainly lost many acquaintances and several friends, he didn't feel lonely as he had male companionship all the time. A closeted football team jock had him pushed up against a stall door as he fucked Nicky as he fucked back eagerly. If the only sex Nicholas was going to get from men, he might as well get used to it, he thought, clamping his anus around the prick currently stuffed in it. Every time they filled him with semen, the shame ignited his own orgasms.

Word did indeed get around, and Nicholas was both shocked and oddly proud when he found his phone number written down in one of the stalls he was on his knees in. Eventually, he simply came to accept the attention he was receiving at school: either people avoided him like the plague, which turned him on, or men propositioned him and after he got over the shock of it, would accept. He was starting to find validation in the approval of all the young men who were fucking him.

This was further bolstered by his evening adventures. While everyone at school was young, he found he missed the feeling of more mature, varied men. His new profile picture on Grindr generated quite a bit of interest, and most of the men he met up with were a good ten or twenty years older than him. Sure, sometimes he'd pick someone more like himself, but more often than not he'd find himself sucking off some strange man in his car, or learning how to ride a guy in the backseat. In fact, one of his gay encounters had Nicky's mouth around his cock as they went through a drive through at night. And every morning, and every night, he would once again watch that video. He would get comfortable on his couch, sometimes with fresh cum oozing from his anus, light a joint and masturbate.

Cynthia was impressed with his progress, and his dedication. Her nephew was much less hesitant and rarely offered any sort of resistance lately. She presumed he was wallowing in pleasure to avoid thinking about things a little more objectively. And thanks to her work with him, even when he focused on the negative feelings, the deep down things he didn't want to admit, he'd just end up sexually excited. It was a loop she hoped would be endless, but could be a bit bigger. So, she decided to reward him a bit for his efforts that weekend.

She took his measurements and purchased him well tailored clothes, shoes, even some perfume, before taking him out to a private club for those who were more sexually open minded. She had explained that he was obviously becoming much more accustomed to the naked male body than he'd ever expected, it was time for a bit more of a social setting. She went on to explain they'd be picking up a couple of guys tonight, so he'd best get used to being very publicly gay.

It hadn't taken very long, though Cynthia herself had to do the lion's share of the work as her nephew was simply too unaccustomed to this new version of himself. She had simply waited for a decent pair of guys to walk through the door, and made it known she was available. Nicholas didn't even register on these men's radar as a potential partner for her, despite standing right next to her. Eventually she found a thirty something accountant with a fairly average body with a buddy out for an exciting evening, regular patrons.

They all ended up getting a private booth, and with some of her magic and a liberal amount of alcohol loosened them up. She laughed when one of the men inquired about Nicholas relationship to her, and simply informed them that Nicholas interests lay in other directions. Nicholas was instantly blushing, and the accountant's buddy was obviously quite interested in her nephew. Ten minutes later they were all opening flirting with each other, and shortly after that both Cynthia and her nephew were under the table on their knees sucking away pleasantly on a pair of dicks. She wanted to reinforce his position with a bit of positive behavior, before some of the things she had in mind.

So with that in mind, and a tummy full of cum and a short ride away, they met up at her home for the evening. Now that they were no longer going to be driving, alcohol and marijuana were passed around as Cynthia paired off with the accountant and his friend took Nicholas. This was a relatively new aspect to things for Nicholas, as most of his partners simply treated him like a piece of meat to fill with their semen. Instead, she watched every chance she could as Nicholas actively made out with a man.

Cynthia felt her partner's prick thicken in her expert hand through his boxers as Nicholas shyly slipped out of his pants and revealed a pair of pink panties. The accountant's buddy hooked his fingers into them and pulled Nicholas face first onto his lap, pulling her nephew close and biting into his shoulder. 

Nicholas bucked, his head arching back. This was a different type of intimate that made his head spin. His penis was hard, but the thought that he shouldn't be kissing another man filled his head. Letting them fuck him was one thing, but this had his stomach churning, he wasn't certain if it was out of shame or out of genuine pleasure. In that moment, all he knew was that a little over a month ago he would've laughed at the thought of him actually doing it, considering impossible, yet here he was, returning the favor by biting back, and necking with a man at least a decade older than himself. He was a submissive faggot, thanks to his aunt. He pushed the thought aside for now, reaching for his partner's belt buckle.

The little make out session lasted for a while before Cynthia suggested they move it to her bedroom, leading the way and discarding the remainder of her clothes. She pulled Nicholas by the hand onto the bed next to her. She instructed him, just like her, to spread his legs and angle his ass for ease of access. And so, both of them, side by side got their holes stretched out and pummelled by a pair of nice thick cocks. Throughout that entire first fucking she held his hand, or more precisely Nicholas clung to hers, squeezing with each thrust as small moans escaped his lips.

Once everyone had finished orgasming, they lay there together making sexual small talk. When their erections started to return, Cynthia claimed she'd rather just watch, which was incidentally true. She snuck off to a padded love chair in the corner as the two men now had Nicholas in between them. He still managed to look nervous as he wrapped his hands around their cocks. Cynthia played with herself as Nicholas jerked with each hand, kissing the heads and teasing them with his lips. The accountant pulled Nicholas off his dick, and Cynthia said "It'd be, like, really hot if you filled him with cum in both ends."

The suggestion was quickly accepted and Nicholas repositioned on his hands and knees. It was farther hard for them to ignore the tattoo on her nephew's back, but the accountant chucked, "You take his mouth, you already nutted in his ass." As he used saliva to lubricate his penis. Cynthia watched as they proceeded to fill out her nephew like a form. His sucking was more focused on not letting his teeth touch the cock in his mouth due to the fact he kept being banged forward by the cock in his ass. His own penis was not even fully hard when it started leaking cum onto the bed, but as neither of the men had cum yet, Nicholas gritted his teeth and ignored the tears forming in his eyes.

He could hardly believe he was taking it in the ass and the mouth at the same time, his thinking slightly more clear headed after his orgasm. The width of the cock in his mouth, pressed up tightly around his lips felt satisfying yet horrifying. His anus simply felt sore, the fucking only felt pleasant when it brushed his prostate. With some bitterness he thought that was obviously the case, with how many dicks had been in there recently. He wondered how he could go from craving this, until his orgasm finished, to the discomfort and disgust he felt as these two men used his body. Shortly after a well fucked Nicholas collapsed on the bed, licking his lips clean of semen while more pooled near his ass. 

It was the weekend and Cynthia offered to let the men stay the night. While she had no particular interest in them, she did enjoy slipping into bed next to the accountant. Mostly, it was for her nephew, who was now curled up and pressed into his partner's chest, arms wrapped around him. Nicholas found it shockingly easy to fall asleep being held like this, even if the outline of the man's dick was snuggled into his ass. He had never fallen asleep with anyone in the same bed, let alone being held by a man.

When he woke up he could feel his partners morning wood pressed into him. He tried to adjust his positioning but it seemed to only have the added effect of turning the morning wood into lumber. This woke his partner, who began grinding into Nicholas. And so, when Cynthia woke up she was greeted to the sight of her nephew's head bobbing up and down under the blanket. She made certain that her partner also got the same treatment, and Nicholas' breakfast consisted of two loads of semen injected directly down his throat. Before they left, she gave them her nephew's phone number with a wink.
