 This story contains femdom, gay conversion, extreme humiliation, BDSM aspects, mind fucking and frankly, is fairly extreme. If you enjoy it, please check out Power Trip, by wally_west, who inspired this story. Comments, ideas and feedback are welcomed.

Please be aware that that chapter may be considered more intense and negative.

*****

Nicholas took several more hits, as they lay on their backs. Cynthia took a large hit herself, one finger lazily trailing around her nipples. "So, for starters, you need to quit at the coffee shop." She said.

Nicholas was beginning to feel the begging of his high coming on, and wasn't sure he understood. "What? Why?" he asked.

"Well, for starters I don't want a pervert like you working for me. I know given long enough, you'll be getting fucked in there. Can't have that. And there are laws against firing your kind. So you need to quit. Don't worry though, I sign your pay checks, and I'll make sure you'll be taken care of, don't you worry your head about that."

Nicholas didn't wait for her permission to play with himself. While he hadn't hated his work, but not having to work was amazing. "I guess we can start the next step right now." She took a long, slow drag on the joint, slowly exhaling a cloud.

"What's the next step?" he asked.

"Well, that would be to let people know you're gay. I know, I know you don't have many friends. Go get your phone, you can make a post on Facebook." She said. She turned her head sideways, to look at him.

It was as if all the blood that was in his face had migrated south of the border. She figured he would have to get used to this kind of thing. Her head was starting to feel quite fuzzy, and she took another hit before putting the joint down, and let her hand stray between her legs again. Her own arousal was already well stoked again.

"You can still back out. No closet for you. Everyone's going to know eventually, and I don't want you hiding it. Imagine, when everyone knows you like to suck dick and take it up the ass. Imagine how they'll see you. What thoughts will go through their heads..." she looked down at his crotch, then looked back to him "You like that now too, don't you? This is a good start, I guess. Just thinking of doing it has you all horny. This is just the start. Wanna back out?" she asked him, certain she knew the answer.

Nicholas stayed there for a moment. He sat up, taking a hit off his joint, closing his eyes. He got up and found it awkward to walk over to his pants with an erection. Cynthia gently massaged her pussy as he sat back down, spending several minutes fumbling with the screen of his phone. He stared at it for a while, and handed it over to his aunt.

His status update was at the top of the screen. He apologized for being so distracted lately, he was going through some stuff. And he wanted them to know he was gay. She smiled at him and tapped on the button to post it, putting the phone down as her pussy throbbed. "That's a good faggot. When people ask about it, and they will, no denying it! Explain it however you want. Every girl will know just by looking at you, but we've gotta make sure every guy knows too. We'll get to work on that. Oh, and if your school has a gay club or alliance thing, join that first thing Monday. It's a good way to meet other guys. I'm sure you'll become very popular." She said, as if it was a done deal.

She got up, and tossed his panties at him "C'mon, get dressed. No point in wasting time. We're going to go get you some piercings. I hear the gays like them. Need to get you a new look, but I haven't completely decided yet." She said, slipping into a closet, to change herself. Nicholas while less than thrilled with the thought of the pain that he imagined came with it, but his penis did stir. It made a noticeable bulge as he slipped his panties back on, then his pants. His aunt had gone from sexy to casual in a matter of moments.

What was new was instead of driving herself, she called for a car. Not quite a limo, but almost. She spoke to someone at the driver side window, then she climbed in the back as if it were normal, and Nicholas followed. It was still early for a Sunday evening, and as he closed the door behind him he could tell they were sealed from the driver. It was moderately luxurious, and they had another joint along their trip. Clearly his aunt had more money than he had known about.

However, that was not what kept his mind occupied. His phone was buzzing frequently, and with a shy smile, he showed her the responses to his posting, the messages. Some thought he had been hacked, others put in a simple "lol", questions asking if he was joking, and others joking they knew he was checking them out. He showed it to her almost proudly, like a puppy looking for a petting. He dared to wonder how school would be on Monday. That would be then, and this was now.

Cynthia gave him the attention he was craving, "So, that's that I guess." She reached between his legs, squeezing on his genitals through his clothes "Imagine if they knew you also had this little thing between your legs?" she said. Eventually they arrived and Nicholas peered out the window. It wasn't an area he was familiar with, but that didn't matter, she had brought him to a piercing and tattoo shop, including the flashing lights.

She ushered him out, reminding him that she knew these people and Nicholas was to be on his best behavior. There was a larger bald man at the counter, neither tall nor short. He had a goatee, a brown coloring, and Cynthia introduced him as Micky. There was a noise coming from around back, a sort of buzzing that Nicholas assumed was someone getting a tattoo.

She spoke to Micky, and Nicholas could not overhear much. He waited patiently, nervous. His aunt finished up, and pulled him aside, "So, Micky here is going to take care of you. It'll sting a bit, and well, it'll be a couple. I figured we'd start with one in your lip, and three in your left ear too. We'll see later. And of course, one in each of your nipples." She smirked as his hands instantly went to his chest "Sometimes men like to play with them, so you need a pair. Besides, you have cute nips. Just let him do his job, I need to go talk to the tattoo artist." She said, handing her nephew off to Micky.

Nicholas was glad that he was covered otherwise his erection would be showing. As is, his shirt came off, and he found himself blushing. Micky was workman like, applying his talents, and within a few minutes a shaky Nicholas was touching his ear and lip as if they were new things, new parts of him. The pain was gone relatively quick, but he felt himself get stiffer as his nipples were prepared. He had seen other men with them in his gay porn, and he felt shame and excitement in equal measures as he realized he would look like one of them. Now he was one of them.

The whole process hadn't taken even ten minutes, but it had felt much longer than that, and he felt invigorated and shaky, several parts of him were throbbing. His aunt re-appeared around the corner, holding a piece of paper. "So, I think you need a tattoo too." Cynthia said, quietly thinking to herself that she had forgotten to add that it would be the first of several. She flipped the paper around to show him. It was a somewhat gaudy orange flame, with "faggot" written out in a gothic font, covering the flames, with the first and last letter capitalized, each wrapped in a vine with roses. He stared at it, covering his crotch. "I think it's pretty fitting of what you are now. I think we'll have it start from the tip of your cute little butt." She enjoyed the look on his face.

She held it out to him, and played with his mind a bit, teasing, "You sure you don't want to back out? I mean, piercings can be removed. Tattoos are a bit more difficult. Just a reminder of what you are to all your new man friends." Cynthia said, holding back that while men would be all his future sexual and romantic encounters, lots of people would love to watch her nephew, glad she didn't forget her phone. "Are you really sure?"

Nicholas nodded, "Yes, I'm sure." Perhaps his inferior penis was controlling his brain, or the weed, but he was certain. There was really no going back in his mind, so it wasn't really an option he thought. He had to admit the idea of it was intensely arousing to him. It's what he was.

Cynthia clapped her hands, holding the paper. "Great, Nicky. So here's the deal, Belinda, the tattoo artist, is my friend. And she knows me well, and she knows I can be somewhat... extreme. So she needs to know that you actually are doing this willingly. And saying it won't cut it, she knows I can get males to do things. I think its sweet she's looking out for a faggot like you. So I told her she could watch Mickey fuck you first." She explained.

Nicholas was surprised despite knowing she would've had something to shock him. He looked at Mickey back behind the desk, shrugged, "Not like I haven't enjoyed it before." Trying to act casual. She walked him around the corner and into the tattoo artist's room. There was a table for him to lie down on, with the front part bent down, shortening the space. Standing next to it was a woman who must be Belinda. She was slightly older, perhaps in her late thirties, her brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. She wore a sleeveless shirt, showing several tattoos on both arms, her hands on her hips, looking right back at him, almost challengingly. Nicholas shrank slightly in front of her, suddenly the emotion catching up with him.

Cynthia motioned him over to the padded table, standing in front of it "Alright, baby. You just prop yourself up on your arms, keep those freshly pierced nipples of yours from touching the table. I think the rest will take care of itself. I know you've been all horny and miss cock. You just be the horny little faggot I made you." She said, stepping back. Nicholas awkwardly did as instructed, despite having been on the receiving end of numerous buttfuckings, laying himself down and keeping himself up with his elbows, he instinctively arched his back in a way that emphasized his ass. 

He heard the door close and another heavy set of footsteps in the room. He didn't look, and didn't even flinch as he felt his pants being pulled down. Suddenly the room felt much colder to his bare flesh. He felt a pair of hands on his ass, pulling his panties down around his ankles. He wouldn't feel chilly much longer, he thought as he heard the noises of Mickey's pants going down. Nicholas felt a half hard penis pushing against his ass. It felt familiar, and Nicholas decided to grind his ass into it. He thought a faggot would do that, so he did it. It did feel good to him, and he felt a pride start to fill him as Mickey's dick stiffened under his grinding. Nicholas' own penis was fully erect, barely touching the padding on the table. There was a brief pause, a cold splattering that made Nicholas yelp, as lube was casually applied.

A small push and Nicholas' asshole opened up. He felt a thrill run through him as Micky worked his dick into him. It was a bit different, and he grimaced as Micky's cock filled him in a way that was physically pleasant but his mind was adapting. He squirmed his ass just a bit, feeling it massage his anal passage. From his position he couldn't notice his aunt had begun filming, not that he'd have cared. His new piercings throbbed and his hips slide a bit against the padded edge of the table.

The thoughts in his head were swirling, and he had a thought, one he would not have allowed previously, and grunting after a particularly strong thrust, he arched his back further and asked "Fuck my faggot ass, please?" His own little cock was being rubbed into the table top and even though it had only been a minute or so, he knew he wouldn't hold back much longer. He told someone he was a faggot.

Cynthia couldn't be happier with the situation, and took a moment to keep the phone in place recording and grinned at Belinda. She was still reeling in the success. She had definitely turned her nephew into a faggot. She noted his groans as she wondered if he had even had a choice. If she disappeared that moment, she wold have known regardless that he was queerer than anyone she had ever met, deep down, where it counted. She knew on some level, the shame and humiliation she had drowned him in had become a part of him. He knew what he would be to part of society. She mused on her plan to bring that to a new level while Micky finished up. There was a loud smacking noise as Micky kept himself buried inside her nephew. She could hear the panting and Nicky's hips thrusting as well, his cum spewing out of him as Micky pulled out with a slippery noise, tugging up his pants.

Cynthia carried the phone with her as Micky left the room. Her nephew was lying prone with his legs dangling, moving in front of Nicholas. "Good job." She said, "Go ahead, lie down on your stomach." And when Nicholas begin to turn, she stopped it with a quick "No!" and continued, "You just lie there with cum in your ass and staining your penis. Directing her next comment to Belinda, "Good enough, I think? No problem labeling him for me now?" she inquired pleasantly. Nicholas heard the chuckle and his aunt went on. "This might take a while, baby. It could hurt a bit, but don't worry." She said, leaving him there as Belinda straightened out the entire table, giving him a comfortable piece of foam to lean his elbows into. His penis was sticky and stiffened as Belinda began her work.

Cynthia took the time to fiddle with her nephew's phone, setting up a Grindr profile for him. The work wouldn't be completed today, and she made sure to give him several breaks, where he got to suck Mickey's cock a couple of more times. They were there for almost four hours. A pantied and clothed and somewhat sore yet full of cum Nicholas made his way back to the car. The trip back to his place was accompanied by another joint, which he was coming to enjoy. It helped for the moments after his homosexual encounters.

Cynthia walked him through his Grindr profile, pointing out he'd need to take a picture once he was home to finish up. However, there were plenty of messages on his Facebook coming out post. She imagined his friendlist would dwindle somewhat. She explained that she wouldn't always be available to help him find men to fuck him, so he'd have to get used to doing it on his own.

Once they arrived, she patted his crotch gently, "I'm going to send you the video of your special time with Micky. Make sure you masturbate yourself to it tonight. All of it, baby. You've been such a wonderful little faggot today. I know you won't watch any nasty straight porn. This will help you be more of a sissy fucktoy for your newly preferred gender of partner." He looked at her doubtfully, but she put a finger to his lips "Shhh. Trust me. Haven't you had some very nice orgasms?" which he nodded to, but she could still see the shame in his eyes. "Well, there are plenty more to come. Even better ones maybe. Do as aunty says, and jerk your cute little dick and spew out some more gay cum." Nicholas was in no position to disagree as she praised him and excited him at the same time. 

Nicholas promised her he would, getting out of the car, noticing no one was around, and casually groped himself. Nicholas closed the door, standing there outside his apartment in a quiet evening as he began rerunning the day through his mind.