 Disclaimer

This is a work of fiction. It depicts a sexual relationship between two consenting adult males. If you are not of legal age to read this kind of story, please leave now. Any resemblance to any person(s) living or dead is purely coincidental. The author retains all rights to this story. It cannot be reproduced in any form without expressed written permission from the author (me). Please contact the author for any requests.

Copyright ©EbonyKitty, 2008

******

I ran to the door when I heard the familiar knock at the front door. I flung it open to see the love of my life, Caleb.

"Get in here," I stepped aside so he could come in. I was so excited. It'd been weeks since we saw each other.

Caleb closed the door behind him and grabbed me for a warm embrace. I couldn't help but chuckle against his shoulder as my lover nuzzled his cold, red nose into my neck.

"I missed you so much Eden," Caleb whispered into my ear.

"I missed you too," I pulled back a little and gave him a sultry kiss. Damn, I missed those lips.

I looked up into Caleb's golden hazel eyes, savoring every spare moment he could spend with me. I helped Caleb take off his coat and hung it in the closet. When I turned, he was already in my bedroom, taking off his shoes.

"You don't waste anytime, do you?" I teased.

"Come here?" he growled.

Shoot! I couldn't blame him. Caleb and his cock was all I could think about for the past two weeks. He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me close. He kissed my t-shirt clad tight abdomen as he unfastened my belt buckle.

Caleb fell back onto the bed, pulling me on top of him. We kissed slowly at first and then our kisses turned more heated with passion and need. My hands ran through his golden blonde hair, thick and wavy in luster. I moaned as his hands roamed up and down my body. He squeezed and kneaded my ass cheeks, pressing our hardened sexes together.

We rolled over so he lay on top of me. I loved the feel of his weight as he pressed me into the bed. He placed butterfly kisses all over my face and down my neck. He pulled the bottom of my t-shirt out of my pants and exposed my skin to his warm breath. His licks and kisses sent shivers up and down my spine. I squirmed underneath his arousing stimulation.

He removed my shirt and pants and tossed them aside. His eyes gazed at my smooth pale skin, sinewy muscles and my aching erection.

"Damn Eden. You're a welcome sight. You're so beautiful."

His large hands roamed over my body. The look in his eyes made me feel like a dream come true.

"I want to see you," I pleaded.

Caleb stood and slowly took off his clothes with a cocky smile. He drove me close to the brink as he revealed his amazing body to me. His chest was wide and hairless like mine with defined pectoral muscles. My eyes traveled down to his six-pack abs to the light treasure trail leading to the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.

Those eight-inches looked so enticing. His rigid cock lay almost flat against his lower abdomen, reaching his belly button. The veins crisscrossed over the thick shaft, supplying blood to the swollen mushroom head, giving it a dark purplish hue. Its delicious, pre-cum glistened head beckoned me.

I reached out to him and he joined me in the bed. He kissed his way down to my leaking cock and wrapped his luscious lips around the head. I groaned in ecstasy, delighted in the warmth of his mouth. He sucked leisurely as I writhed underneath his ministrations. Electric tingling raced throughout my body.

"Please Caleb, I need you," I was so close, but I didn't want to come yet. I wanted him inside of me.

"You need me?" he chuckled. "Tell me what you need."

His breath brushed against my wet cock. It felt amazing and I was going out of my mind.

"Stop teasing me. Are you going to make me beg?"

"You better believe it. This is payback for the last time I was here."

How could he think of that at a time like this? So what if I nibbled on his balls and perineum and sucked on his cock, but wouldn't let him come for a whole hour? He told me I could try some things I read in a book about Kama sutra. It did help make out lovemaking last longer. Why was he complaining?

I screamed and laughed in frustration. "Please Caleb! I mean it!"

"Tell me," he said as he stroked me at a slow, excruciating rate.

"I want you, please. Fuck me. Fuck me now."

"Right now?"

"Yes damn you or I'm going to hurt you!" I bent my leg and placed my foot against his chest to push him away so he could get what we needed. He laughed and went to get the condom and lube.

He put the condom on and put some lube on his fingers. He circled his fingers to warm them up and then placed his fingers at my opening. I sighed as he guided one finger inside my love channel and moaned when he put the second one in. His fingers moved in and out, stretching me so I could receive his thick tool. I went berserk when his fingers found my pleasure spot.

"Oh, God yes. Again, again," I said.

He smirked and maneuvered a third finger that made me groan. It felt so good, but I wanted more. I needed him.

"Now Caleb. I'm ready."

That was all he needed to know. He put more lube onto my hole and some on his cock and positioned himself at my entrance. He pushed forward gently and the head of his cock popped in. I wrapped my legs around his waist and guided him to go further by pushing him into me with my heels on his tight, muscular ass.

When he pushed deep, all the way to the hilt, he stayed still so I could adjust and get used to his girth. I was in heaven. His long, thick cock was finally home, surrounded by my hot tightness. I squeezed my ass muscles to let him know I was ready. His hips moved at a steady pace. His cock head brushed against my prostate, leaving me in sexual bliss.

He bent down and kissed me, unleashing his passion that accumulated for the last two weeks. Our tongues came together in an intimate embrace. Nothing mattered to me at that very moment. The only two people in the world were Caleb and I. He was so tender and gentle to me. No other man made me feel the way he did. Each stroke brought us closer to the edge of release.

"Damn babe, you feel amazing. I really needed you," he panted in my ear.

"I needed this too. I missed you so much," I said.

I wrapped my arms around his neck and brought him closer to me. I arched my back as our abdomens rubbed against my cock and sent electric shocks throughout my body.

Caleb plunged into me harder and faster. Every move became more urgent than the last. Sweat gleamed all over our bodies. The smell of sex in the air made our surroundings more erotic and intense. We filled the room with moans and groans of pure pleasure.

"I'm coming Caleb."

"Go for it baby. I'm with you."

With a few more thrusts from Caleb, I came all over our abdomens and chest. He pounded into my ass a couple of times more and climaxed inside of me. He continued to ride my ass as he came down from his euphoric high, then he lay on top of me in exhaustion.

We laid in each other's arms until our breathing came back to normal. His heartbeat against me was comforting. I wanted him to stay there forever, even though he started to feel heavy. When he moved to lie next to me, I didn't like to loose his warmth. He wrapped his strong arms around me and pulled me close for a hug. Each encounter with Caleb was an experience that I treasured.

"That was great," he said.

"It certainly was," I yawned and started to feel drowsy.

"You know I can't stay too long."

"I know. Let's just enjoy our time together okay," I wanted to fall asleep in his arms so when he had to leave, I wouldn't have to see him go.

We held each other for some time, but I had the sinking feeling he wanted to tell me something.

"I think I'm going to ask Stacy to marry me," he said nonchalantly.

"You think?" I sat up and looked at him as if he was crazy.

"I am going to ask her to marry me."

"You just had to ruin a perfectly wonderful afternoon with that bullshit!" I sat up and glared at him. "What the fuck!"

"What's you're problem?"

"What's my problem? You come over here, fuck me, and then tell me you're going to marry that...that..."

"Her name is Stacy."

"Whatever."

"Come on man. You know I can't be what you want. I need to get married so nobody will find out about us. She's already suspicious about all the time I spend with you."

"So what? Why don't you do what you always do? Dump her and find somebody new."

"I really like her and I know we'll make beautiful children. It's not as if I'm going anywhere. We can still see each other and no one has to know," he sat up and reached over to touch my shoulder.

I couldn't believe he just said that. At that moment, I felt so dirty and used. My best friend in the whole world treated me like a dirty little secret, his mistress. His whore. How could I have been so blind?

"I am so sick of this. Why do I put up with you?" I got out of the bed in utter disgust.

"Why?" he chuckled. "Because I can fuck you like nobody else."

"This is not a joking matter Caleb!"

"I'm not joking," he tried to sooth. "Besides, we love each other and we are best friends."

"If you loved me, you would be a man and own up to the fact that you're a fag like me!" I screamed. I couldn't contain my anger anymore. This had been a long time argument between the two of us for ages.

"I'm not a..." he began, but he saw the pain in my eyes.

"What Caleb? You're not a cocksucker, a fudge packer, a queer, a pansy, a sissy..."

"Shut up!"

"No, I 'm tired of keeping quiet just to please you. It's always about you. Whatever Caleb wants, he gets. What about me? I'm not happy Caleb!"

"We can be if you just work with me. We've talked about this already and I thought you understood. What you want can't happen with me. I would loose everything, my friends, my family and what about my job. They wouldn't be so accepting if I brought you to the next company party as my lover."

"I'm so tired of only having you for such a short time. I hate to watch you leave me to go back to that stupid bitch," I fought back the tears that threatened to fall. "Why does she get to live in an ignorant world? Why do I have to deal with the knowledge and feel pain? How can you be so cruel to me and say you love me at the same time."

"I can't handle this bullshit. Not when you're like this. I'm out of here," he got out of bed and grabbed his clothes.

I started to shake as I watched him put on his clothes. I was so angry and hurt. I never knew love could hurt so badly. He mumbled under his breath about how fucked up I was acting and how emotional I was. I stood in the doorway to my bedroom as I watched him grab his coat from the closet.

"Caleb," I said in a calm, deadly voice. "If you walk out that door, don't ever bother coming back here again."

He stopped in his tracks, but he didn't face me.

"You don't mean that Eden. You never have and you never will," he turned to face me with a serious look on his face. "Remember, we never can say goodbye."

"I mean it this time. If you leave, I don't ever want to see you again."

"Then say it."

My mouth was open, but nothing came out. Not one word. He knew I couldn't say goodbye. I wasn't ready to let him go. I needed him as much as he needed me. I felt stuck. Trapped. There was no escape from Caleb Macintyre.

"I didn't think so," he said. He opened the door and took one last look at me with his sultry hazel eyes.

"See you later," he smiled and left me alone, once again, in my apartment.

I fell against the wall and dropped to the floor, finally letting my tears run free.

That was the last time I saw my Caleb.

******

Three months later...

I stood at the edge of the room and watched as the festivities went under way at the luxurious Haverdale Country Club by the lake. My best friend was getting married. I thought I'd be okay with it after being prepared three months ago, but my emotions got the best of me.

I watched as my friend and his fiancée, Stacy, held court, receiving congratulations and giving thanks at their party. Stacy was an unexpected surprise to me. I didn't think that any woman could take Caleb away from me, but she did it.

I had to admit, she was a beautiful woman with long brown hair and big brown eyes. Caleb wouldn't have settled for anything less. He always wanted the best. I didn't know what to think about her at first. She gave Caleb a hard time about all the time we spent together. Now, we don't see each other anymore. Things changed drastically when she appeared and I didn't like the taste of defeat too much.

I couldn't believe it when Caleb told me he planned to ask Stacy to marry him. They only dated for six months. I found out they picked a date for next year in a huge high society wedding. There was already a wedding announcement in the newspaper. She wasn't pregnant, thank God, but I was still disappointed. I didn't want to hate her for taking Caleb away from me.

Caleb belonged to me first.

"There you are," Caleb came next to me on the patio deck with the clear view of the lake. It was obvious he was a little nervous. How could he ever feel nervous around me? "I've been looking for you."

"Oh sorry," I smile.

"I'm really am glad you came."

"I didn't have much of a choice. Your mother made me. For some apparent reason, she still thinks we're the best of friends."

Caleb wasn't too happy about that comment. He looked like I kicked him in the gut. Good.

"What's wrong?" Caleb asked. He knew there was something on my mind. It warmed my heart briefly that he still tuned into my emotions. At the same time, it pissed me off that he would even ask such a stupid question.

I finally looked at Caleb. The moon illuminated his profile. He looked sad and thoughtful.

"Just tired I suppose. It's been a long day," I answered.

"Yeah," Caleb leaned over the rail and sighed. "Gosh, I can't believe I'm getting married."

"Neither can I," I chuckled.

We stood side by side in an awkward silence, watching the ripples in the lake go by.

"I hope the two of you will be very happy," I kept my eyes out onto the lake, unable to see the expression on his face. "Are you happy Caleb? Does she make you happy?"

"Yes Eden. I'm happy," answered Caleb.

I nodded. I faced Caleb and took a deep breath to hold back my tears. "Okay then, I'll be going. It's getting late."

"What do you mean?" Caleb's chest heaved in panic. "Don't go. I thought we'd hang out after the party."

"I don't think Stacy would be too happy about that. Besides, Patrick is waiting for me at home. I promised we'd go out as soon as I got back."

"Oh, well we wouldn't want to get Patrick upset," Caleb said flamboyantly.

"Well, you know very well I couldn't bring him here..."

"Okay...fine, I get it, but I haven't spent any time with my best friend in months."

"Yeah, since you asked Stacy to marry you. That was your choice Caleb and now you have to live with it," I sighed. I didn't want to start a fight, so I changed the subject. "You've got a lot of planning to do for a large society wedding."

"That's why I got you, my best man, to help me with everything, right?"

I looked away, not capable of looking at the man I loved in the eye.

"Caleb, I've got to go, but before I forget I'd like to give you something," I turned to a table in the corner where I placed a beautiful silver wrapped box with an elaborate white bow on the top. "It's your wedding gift."

He took the gift with a look of confusion on his handsome face. "You mean an engagement gift?"

"Uh, no, it's your wedding gift from me and Patrick."

"Why are you giving this to me now? The wedding is over a year away."

"Because it's goodbye Caleb."

"Goodbye?" he let out a nervous chuckle. They never said goodbye to each other. Never. "You mean see you later."

"No Caleb. This is goodbye."

Caleb's confused and pained expression hurt me to the core, but I had to do it.

"We don't say goodbye. What is this suppose to mean?" he held up the gift as if it offended him.

"It means I'm moving on. I only agreed to come here for closure. I wanted to see you one last time to give you your gift and to say what I couldn't say the last time we saw each other. I wasn't ready to let you go, but I am now."

"I can't believe this."

There was a long silence between us. I allowed him time to digest the meaning of my actions. He needed to know I was serious.

"I'm moving to London with Patrick."

"You never told me," he protested.

I shrugged, "I'm telling you now."

"So that's it! You're just leaving!"

"Pretty much."

"What about your job and your parents? What did they say about you moving across the Atlantic?"

"I quit my job. I'm going to finish my editing projects at the publishing house before they pick my replacement. As for my parents, they think it's great. They really like Patrick. When we get to London, I'll start writing that book I kept talking about."

"But you'll be back for the rehearsal dinner and you're going to be my best man," he lightly punched me on the shoulder. "Plus, we can keep in touch by phone and e-mail."

"No Caleb. I can't," I moved away from him. I couldn't face him anymore and turned my back towards him.

"What did I do Eden? Did I do something wrong?" he set the gift back on the table. "I stated from the very beginning that I wanted to get married and have children. Now that it's happening, you hate me and I loose my best friend. It's just not fair."

"You're right. You did tell me that was what you wanted. You didn't do anything wrong. It's my fault. I made the mistake of falling in love with you and now I have to rectify it."

"Talk to me man. We can make this work. I know we can if we try."

"I can't live this way anymore. It's not fair to your fiancé, me or Patrick."

"But you don't love him!"

"I do love him," I said softly, but sternly.

"Eden, you're not in love with him," he insisted. "This is bullshit! You two have only been together for a short time and you're moving to London with him."

"I've known him for over two years now, but I never gave him a chance because of you. I have always been faithful to you while you slept around and had relationships with women. When you walked out three months ago, I finally gave him that chance and I've been very happy. He's given me the kind of relationship I've always wanted. The kind of relationship I deserve. In time, I will fall in love with him, just as I did with you, but I need the distance in order for that to happen. I owe it to Patrick. He's been very patient and understanding, which makes me love him even more."

"Then what are you going to do when he finds someone else and you're standing alone in London? What if it doesn't work? You hardly know him."

"What the hell is that suppose to mean! I've known him longer than you've known Stacy."

"What, so, just because you can't have what you want, you have to punish me by leaving with some other man to a totally different country and never talk to me again?"

"I can say the same about you marrying Stacy. You actually want me to stand next to you as you marry someone else. Are you really in love with her?" I shot back. Caleb glared at me and paced the small patio space like a caged tiger. "Anyway it's not about you! I need some distance from you. I want to give my relationship with Patrick a chance and that's not going to happen with us being here."

He looked at me and knew that I meant what I said. Goodbye.

When he didn't say anything, I turned and started to walk towards the door.

"Please, don't go. I can't live without you," Caleb grabbed me for dear life and held me close. "Who could I go to when I need someone to talk to?"

"Your wife babe and yes you can live without me. You'll have a wife and kids. Isn't that what you wanted?"
