 This story contains femdom, gay conversion, extreme humiliation, BDSM aspects, and frankly, is fairly extreme. If you enjoy it, please check out Power Trip, by wally_west, who inspired this story.

*****

Nicholas was able to refrain from masturbating that night and the next morning, but only because of the tenderness of his ass. Without access to his genitals, and presuming today would give him quite an anal work out, he managed to wait. His aunt came by to pick him up in the middle of the afternoon. Once he was in the car with her, he asked where they were going, but she just said it was a surprise.

They made small talk on the way, which mostly consisted of Cynthia asking her nephew for his intimate thoughts about his gay sexual encounters. Little details of what he had liked about the men was always different, and she reminded him that was because he could always find something more masculine and superior about them. He talked to her about getting kicked out of the hotel room, and she was quick to cut him off and remind him the fact of the matter was that was going to happen, possibly often. He might be kept a secret, or only used in cars or behind bushes late at night, and he might as well get used to it.

Eventually she pulled up in front of a non-descript building, parking behind it. She brought a bag with her, unlocking a door along the side of the building with her nephew in tow. She walked down a hall and unlocked another door that led to what looked like a dressing room with another door, and a glass one way mirror. Once the door was closed, she handed her nephew the bag, telling him to change.

All the items were white. There was a satin pair of white panties, with cutouts for both his chastity cage and a large portion of his ass. He was coming adept at slipping into stockings at this point, which were all white with a flower pattern. The garter belts still gave him a bit of an issue, being incredibly snug on his body. New was a pair of long, arm length white gloves. They were a somewhat see through mesh, also a floral pattern, and ended just above his elbows. She removed a box from her bag, and walked up to him, showing him: it was thin, gold hoop earrings. She unthreaded his beginner rings, slipping these new ones in his three current ear piercings. 

"There." She said, stepping back to take a look. She eyed him critically, then nodded to herself "One more thing, I think." And she rummaged in her purse again, pulling out a lipstick. "I think we'll go with cocksucker red." He was fairly certain that he would not like this. Make-up was for girls. But once his aunt had his face in her hands, he froze. He didn't want to say a word, and she directed him to tilt his head up, and got to work applying the lipstick. It was a lighter red, but almost shiny on his youthful lips. She dipped a Kleenex around his lips, attempting to shape it just right. Once she was done, she gently held his face, and pressed her lips to his. It was a short kiss, just enough pressure to share a bit of the lipstick. 

Nicholas was not frozen. He realized this short kiss felt different than his others. It... was lacking and felt wrong to him somehow. His realization of this lack of attraction, even to his aunt, was so shameful it began to override his excitement. Not that it wasn't important, his aunt rarely touched him or showed him affection, let alone kiss him, it just wasn't the same. It was platonic, at best. He hadn't even tried to masturbate to straight porn since his last failure. She looked in his eyes after the kiss, smiling "You're about to do some extremely gay things in a little bit. You don't mind, do you?" she asked sweetly.

Nicholas stood there awkwardly. "I like gay things, so I don't mind." He said. This was almost a little ritual with her, he noticed. He liked playing a long.

Cynthia smiled at him, "Yes, yes you do. This is... a little different. This is a little studio I've used for some of my work. There's a nice padded table for you in there, just about waist height. Just long enough for you to lie your upper body on. It's got nice, soft arm rests, so you don't bruise there. Lots of lighting and multiple cameras and microphones, to catch all the action. You're going to be a nice pretty bridal faggot for the twelve men I have lined up for you."

Nicholas was surprised he still had the ability to feel worse than he had previously. Being tag teamed, or having a threesome was one thing, this however was something completely different. He thought of how uncomfortable he would be, how his ass would fare. He'd sucked and fucked multiple partners in the same day, but not so close together. 

Cynthia continued, seeing her nephew was taking a moment to adjust. "So, I used those videos we made, used a fetish website, and here you are with twelve men for you to please. I'll have you know, it wasn't easy, I screened for diversity. They're all age ranges, all races, and most importantly, all of them are men who you'd probably never chose to have sex with. I think you need a more permanent reminder that it's all men who are better than you, and getting them off is all you're good for now. Not just the masculine ones, not just the good looking ones, or the ones who treat you nicely. All of them. So you're going to go in there, get in place and let them repeatedly fill your anus with semen. You'll have to please all of them, and those that are good for a second go will get a shot. The whole thing is going to be recorded, and there's going to be a camera trained on your face the entire time. It's well framed actually, and you'll be able to watch yourself later as well as the bottom half of the current man fucking you."

Nicholas kind of just stood there as she went on. He had learned to enjoy gay sex, and it had become normal to him now. Men were for sex, and he enjoyed all the physical aspects of men and sex with them. He was a homosexual now, and he didn't deny it. But the way in which his aunt had twisted his sexual orientation, the more debasing things she had had him do had affected him just as deeply. The fact that he had been straight, with no intentions of ever having gay sex, and now lusted after men sexually and romantically was one thing that fueled his shame. He could have stopped at any point, and gone on normally. It was his failure that had created his current self, trapped in something he now couldn't help but love and had to begin to really accept. He really was a sissy faggot. A raging one, who wanted to be gayer. He would dress however they wanted, he would be their personal cocksleeve, and let them use him in any humiliating and degrading way they wanted to. He would be their sissy princess, their fucktoy, a place to dump their cum or whatever else they wanted.

She gave him another look over, took a couple pictures, and led him into the other room. He saw several setups for lighting and cameras, and the room had a v.i.p club. There floor was carpeted, and in the center was a table just as his aunt described. She led him to it, motioning for him to bend over it, and get comfortable with his elbows or arms propping him up. He could see the camera pointed directly at his head. He caught the first look of himself with lipstick on and the earrings in the cameras reflection and shut his eyes. It's not just that he was dressed in bridal lingerie, his nipple rings showing too and the red lipstick, the hoop earrings. He was more than just gay looking, he looked like the sissy faggot he was becoming.

His aunt advised him to be himself for the camera, and that she had several bottles of lube for the men. He would have to suck them until they were sufficiently hard enough to fuck him. Then she opened the other door on the room and had the men file in and form a line just out of sight. "As you can see, Nicky here is every bit the sissy as advertised. One by one, he'll suck you until you're hard enough to fuck him. He might drool enough around your cocks to use as lubrication, but there's plenty of lube to go around."

For the next hour and forty three minutes, he took all twelve loads in his ass. The first two hadn't even gotten him close to orgasm before they came in him and suddenly he had another dick in his face. He was fascinated by them, big and small, showers and growers and sucked them with reverence, feeling proud as they grew stiff between his lips. Number three was not the largest, or the thickest cock he'd had, or even of that day but just fit him right. It was attached to a shorter, scraggly bearded and bald headed man, and Nicholas got the impression he was an alcoholic, but that didn't stop him from begging to be fucked harder over and over as he came close to orgasm, each thrust causing Nicholas' earrings to jiggle. 

He groaned, bit his lips, squeezed his eyes, grunting along with each of the following lovely assaults on his prostate. The only sound in the room was the slapping of men's thighs as against his, while other men stood in line and watched, for over an hour and a half. Despite the number of partners he was servicing, Nicholas only had three orgasms, and by the second he was barely even hard, but his cum dripped and splurted out all the same. They had all been well lubricated, but twelve fuckings in a row had him doing his best to get each subsequent man to cum that much faster. His asshole was somewhat open and a clear liquid trail spilled down Nicholas' stocking covered thighs after the final load.

Cynthia walked up to him, and pointed at the group of men, fondling their genitals. Quite a few looked ready for a second round, and she kneeled down next to her nephew. His eyes were a bit red and there were some dry tear stains. She helped him down on the bed, and saw the white gooey mess dripping from his cage, and against his crotch. He kept reaching back to touch and rub at the opening of his ass reflexively, and his fingers would come back slick with semen. Cynthia nodded, and he licked his fingers clean almost mindlessly. "Looks to me like those men that just ran a train on you need to empty another load. I know you're probably not too horny right now, but even if you're not horny, that doesn't let you off the hook. There are horny cocks around. Men that need pleasing. Go on over there, and offer them your face. You've got a mouth and two hands, I'm sure your ass needs a break or is broken or something. You can give them all lipstick blowjobs, just get their jizz on your face." She directed.

Nicholas licked his fingers again. He had just been the star of a gay gangbang and had more semen in him than at any point so far. After so much constant use, and the emptiness of his ass, he wanted nothing more than to go back home. But his aunt's words, as usual, had their affect. Not that he was getting hard, he simply felt his arousal peaking. He had agreed to be gayer for her, so he slowly got on his legs and made his way over to the group of men.

"Um..." he began, and instantly all their attention was on him. They were tall and short, fat and skinny, hairy and soft, they were black and latino and white and Asian, and none of them were particular attractive to him beyond their penises. "I'd like to have your dicks again please. I want to make them all soft again." He sank to his knees, slipping a white lace gloved hand to bounce his chastity cage for them, "I'd like to take care of them with my mouth and-"he didn't even have to finish before a cock was in front of his face. It was one of the black men, who had a bit of a belly. Nicholas line of sight was blocked by it, and he leaned his neck forward and opened his mouth and eagerly began sucking. Suddenly, he felt hands on his arms, lifting his hands, guiding them towards cocks. He was surrounded on almost all sides by men with hard dicks. His aunt broke it up a little bit, to make sure a camera could get it all recorded.

Despite his past few months' descent into being a giant faggot, he had not really given anyone a full handjob. It was difficult, being bounced around by the current cock in his mouth and the ones in hands. The one currently using his face was none too gentle, and Nicholas ended up with pubic hair on his lips before the man pulled his dick out and took aim at Nicholas. The first blast of jism splattered against his forehead, dripping down over his eye, followed by another shot landing on his cheek. Another man was in front of him moments later, and he kept tugging on those in his hands.

It all sort of became a blur after that for him. Each dick left him with a new load on his face. Or in his hair. He could feel the ones in his hands better, getting all stiff, their veins pulsing as they got closer to orgasm. He would turn his head left or right as needed, sucking on a cock he had just been giving a tug job. The men seemed to like it, perhaps it was the fabric of his long white arm length gloves, or perhaps it was the blissful look he had on his face as he devoured their cocks. He made sure each of them dumped their loads all over his face, until he literally had trouble seeing what was in front of him. Some of the men were even able to go a third time, and those cocks took Nicholas quite a while to cause to erupt again. His arousal was constantly surging and fading, but without any stimulation it became completely mental and emotional. He came to be mesmerized by the sight of a man's cock being jerked off in front of his face, balls bouncing. He closed his eyes each time a splatter hit him, regardless of where it did. His hair had some drying strands and several large blobs of semen in it, and there were occasional clean spots on his face, and his neck and shoulders also had splatterings of male essence leaking down them.

Eventually, his aunt shooed the men out of the room while her glazed donut of a nephew just sat there, limply on his knees. It was just the two of them now, and she looked down at him, "Wow." She snapped a quick picture on her phone, to show it to him. "I bet it was tough, having all those guys at once. I bet you were the best set of holes they ever had though." She said, looking down at him. He was still blinking cum out of his eyes and his gloved hands were slippery with the stuff.

She continued to look down at him, "I bet you're feeling a little down, being such a sissy faggot. That was pretty much the gayest thing you've ever done. Just remember, every guy is better than you are, even the group you just gayed it up with. They may be homosexuals, but they're not sissies like you. They also don't get all turned on and horny by being turned into a ragingly gay faggot, like you do. And now, we get to find out how true that is."

Nicholas was shocked he could feel the start of being aroused yet again. He had wiped most of the semen off his face, which had an almost bright sheen to it at the moment, looking up at his aunt, his earrings gently clicking against each other.

"You've been through a lot Nicky. More than I could've ever hoped for. If you wanted to stop, that'd be fine. I mean, you're never going to be able to have a relationship with a woman, and you could hide in the closet until you figure things out. If you want, right now, I'll have sex with you. If you can get it in me, I'll let you fuck me any way you want. Oooooooor..." she trailed off.

He looked up at her, his mind focused on her and not his sore ass, "Or...?"

She smiled at him while she spoke, "Well, you're a sissy faggot. It's pretty obvious to anyone looking, but we really need everyone to know, on sight. And I'm working on that, but I think a good start would be to upload some of the video from today on the popular tube porn sites. That kind of thing kind of sticks around forever. Around the world, when people search for gay, or sissies, or faggots, there you'll be! Lots of people would be masturbating to you, but mostly men. I think that has a really good chance of letting as many people as possible know you're degenerate sissy fag. With any luck, it'll help you with that reputation of yours at school when word gets around. I'm thinking maybe some kind of style makeover too. Something that screams you live an "alternative" lifestyle, to say the least, so everyone has a good idea of what they're working with when they lay eyes on you. A few more piercings maybe, definitely one in your tongue, I hear it drives guys wild. And I have some fantastic new tattoo design ideas! Basically, I'm going to keep making you gayer."

She pulled out the key to his cage, holding it in front of him. "It's up to you, baby. You can take it off. Just tell me, and I'll bend over and spread my legs for you. You can feel pussy around your cock, and let me tell you, I am wet as hell, even you could slip right in. Or you can close your eyes and masturbate to having a fanbase of horny men for the foreseeable future." And she dropped the key on the carpet in front of him.

Nicholas stared at it for a moment, quick to uncage himself. His penis was thickening, though it looked a very dark shade of red. He patted it limply, from underneath. He felt no choice. He was certain he wouldn't be able to get hard for his aunt, and moreover, sincerely had no interest in that. He wrapped his fingers around his own shaft, closing his eyes and began masturbating. It felt incredibly sensitive after the week of not being touched. He was jerking rapidly, and his aunt laughed out loudly, "I knew it. You are my perfect pathetic little faggot. Enjoy your penis. I'm sure today's video will be quite popular, and will be floating around the internet for who knows how long." Nicholas' sore penis spat out a few more drops of cum after a frantic jerk, having deposited his sperm on his hand. She helped him remove the earrings after he had taken off his arm length white gloves, which were making wet noises, showing him how to remove them, and put his previous little gold earrings back in.

She pointed him towards the bathroom, and let him clean up. The young man who came out shortly after had a well fucked look, his gait somehow different. A person may have guessed he was gay, but Cynthia was going to make sure everyone knew. As she drove him home that evening, she advised him to give his ass a bit of a rest for a while if he wanted, after all it had taken quite a pummeling this week, with an impressive grand finale. "I'll be picking you up at noon tomorrow though, to work on your new look with you. You only have a few more weeks until you graduate, I think the people at school deserve to see the real you. Oh dear, I can't wait to go shopping with you! Clothes shopping with my gay nephew. And definitely a new haircut. A trip to Belinda and Mickey's place to decorate you a little bit better. It's going to be just like a girl's day out for me!" she exclaimed with quite a lot of enthusiasm. 

Nicholas was still in his own mental space, trying to make sense of things. His ass was empty but still felt open, and he had the taste of sweaty dick in his mouth and on his breath. His orgasms had come only when he felt truly used, after numerous men had penetrated. But the fuckings had just continued, and eventually he had come again, and a third time as well. Time had dragged on, and there was always another man in line, it had seemed. After his list post performance circle jerk and the ensuing series of facials, when he thought he was done, she made it worse. He was completely and absolutely certain that there would be videos of him on the internet tonight. Groaning, squirming and screaming out to be fucked, and much more, and even after what he'd just endured, he got turned on. There really was absolutely no choice, she had long since obliterated any possibility of a heterosexual encounter for him. So he had unlocked himself and masturbated to the thought that he welcomed being turned gayer.

She kissed him on the cheek as she left him at the curb near his apartment, letting him know she'd send him a copy of the whole thing later for his viewing pleasure. Tomorrow would be a different kind of fun for her.