 Just moments before, I had just finished sucking my first cock and it was even better than I hoped it would be. I had swallowed more than I thought and it left an odd feeling in my stomach. But it was a nice and naughty feeling. Joe was pleased and relaxing as I brought him a towel to clean up a little if he wished. Then I went to the frig and brought a couple of Blue Moons back for us... I took my spot on the couch and when he came back from cleaning up, he immediately went to his knees in front of me. I stood up, pulled down my shorts and briefs, leaving just my button up shirt and cock was hanging loose and just visible.

My dick never really seems to get very hard but I was told by a lady friend of mine, that was a good thing when sucking a dick, less gagging. While still standing, I was excited by his eagerness as he lifted my shirt, pulled my cock up against my stomach and slowly licked it from balls to tip and it felt SO incredible. Now my wife gives fantastic head but I had a feeling this was going to be a whole different kind of fantastic. When he got to the tip I watched him roll his tongue around it, stop in the middle and gently glide my cock into his mouth and the feeling was so strong that my knees got weak and I asked Joe if I could sit. It felt so good. Once comfortable on the couch and the porn still on but I could not stop watching him as he began to work my cock in and out of his mouth. So unlike my wife's mouth, it was hotter and wet. But so hot that my cock while not hard when he started, began to firm up and grow.

Damn this felt so good I could really get used to this feeling. It's like I could feel every twist and movement of his tongue as it slid around my cock inside his mouth. My dick was getting pretty hard, much harder than it has been for some time. He gagged a little which surprised my but also turned me on even more. Just as I was beginning to feel my orgasm begin to develop, he let me pop out of his mouth and it was so wet that the saliva dripped out of his mouth and on to my balls. With his tongue he carefully licked my balls and up my shaft. It felt so nice and I was so relaxed. I glanced up at the porn on the flat screen and it was a BJ scene with a man and a woman and she was doing the exact same thing to him. The man was jacking himself and blew his load all over her face. At that point I wanted to cum so badly that when his mouth was close to the tip, I grabbed his head and sort of pushed it on to my cock, silently pleading for more.

Joe caught my hint quickly and began to slide my hard penis into his mouth up... and down over and over. I had my hands on his head but was not forcing him just feeling him fuck me. I tilted my head back and just let this wonderful feeling continue to build and it did not take too long. After a few minutes of this mouth fucking I felt it building again. I think he did too because he began to moan along with me. Each time I felt myself go deep into his mouth I grunted, not able to control my sounds it seems. My legs tightened up, my abs tensed and I was about to fill this man's mouth up with my cum.

I asked him if he wanted me to cum in his mouth or not and I could tell his response was YES... YES... even though the words were not clear. He seemed to speed up the strokes but when I reached maximum depth he would stop for a few seconds then quickly back up and down again. After two or three of these, I was about to blow. I said "oh yes here it comes" and he quickly went down as deep as I could get and he held me there with his hands on my ass as I shot the first big load in to the back of his throat. Then another, and another... damn I have never cum like this. So intense and so explosive. He came up for air and I looked down and my cum was dripping from his mouth and my cock twitched and shot a little load out on to my stomach. Without a thought he licked it up, looked at me with a smile and swallowed what was still in his mouth. 

I have never kissed a man, but at that moment I felt very close to him and I think he felt the same way. With his lips still wet with my cum, he came up and I leaned forward and we kissed so very lightly. Tasting my own cum on his mouth was something that I have never really thought about but sometimes there is a connection made that you do not expect. And his mouth was connecting with mine and it felt very warm and nice. 

That was an incredible experience, and one that I will surely have to repeat. The feeling of watching him do that to me after what I had just done to him was so hot and I was ready to repeat and maybe explore a little further... How much further? Stay tuned!