 I am 55 years old, happily married but have had a craving curiosity for some time... this is how I hope it happens!!

TO be honest, I have had no experience being sexual with another man... until recently! For years I have been curious about what it would feel like to have a hard cock in my mouth and hands. I never have wanted to be romantic, as in kissing and foreplay stuff but the thought of making someone else's dick hard and making it cum has at times been a craving, a craving that I needed to explore.

I have had phone sex with men a couple of times but really that is not the same. I want to experience the warmth, the pulsing, the smell and the growing erection first hand! Maybe I am kidding myself when I say I don't want the romance, but I guess there is only one way to find out and that is to satisfy my craving and see where it takes me.

Within the Literotica Forums I met a man through the message boards, and turns out it was from a man not that far from me. Certainly driving distance so is this it? After some IM and email talk, we sent photos of ourselves to each other and eventually photos were sent of our cocks. Pretty similar in size and cut, and I was instantly turned on at the possibilities. We went for a month or so without talking then I realized that my wife is going to be gone for 3 weeks and I just might be able to pull this off. We began talking more often and getting to know each other and trying to be sure we were not mad killers on the prowl.

We talked about it and felt comfortable and when the time came he had the ability to travel as well and conveniently in my direction so we set up a time and a place to meet and have a beer. The day arrived and after a shower and a drink at home to calm my nerves I made my way to the bar. From his photo I could tell it was him and he also recognized me so we shook hands, exchanged greetings and I ordered a couple of drinks!

We talked about men stuff like sports, a little politics and then the conversation turned to sex with our wives and this is where the heat turned up a bit. It seems both of our wives are very good in bed and we enjoy them but we also both had the fantasy of sharing our wife with another man. I mentioned that when it comes to what might happen between us, I wanted to please him first if that was ok. Once I cum, like most men it seems that I am pretty much void of motivation and I needed the motivation. He agreed and we both mentioned being very, very nervous but also excited about what might happen.

It was starting to get dark so I suggested that we might change locations, just to see where things go and since my wife was not home I offered our place and he accepted. Am I nuts inviting a strange man into my house, to do who knows what to me? But then I guess he must have had the same thoughts. Once inside I grabbed a couple of beers and we sat on the couch. Wanting to get things steamed up right away I put on some porn that he had brought in. It started with a normal couple then went into a threesome which we both liked!

After that scene, things made a turn both on screen and off! The next scene was two men in their 20's and it started right in with one man down on his knees between the legs of the other and he was licking the shaft of this young dick and it was twitching and seemed to be growing and eventually he wrapped his lips around that cock and slowly took it all in one plunge. I was getting so turned on by this that I made my move as Joe was distracted by the scene on the TV. I slid the coffee table out of the way, kneeled down in front of him as he stood up and undid his belt and slid his jeans to the floor. I took my finger inside the waistband of his boxer briefs and slowly pulled them down until his dick inched out and was then hanging right in front of my face. His cock smelled like mine does sometimes, clean and semi hard. After sitting down, Joe took his hands and put them on his knees and turned his eyes back to the porn. 

I licked his cock, starting at the base and up to the tip. So far so good and my right hand gently wrapped around his shaft, and I placed my lips on the tip of his warm cock. Parting my lips I began to suck and slide my mouth over him and glide him in to my mouth. It felt really good and pretty much like I thought it would. His soft moan let me know that he too felt pretty good and was enjoying the feeling. I stroked him up and down with my lips and the more I did that, the harder he got and at some point it got so hard that I could not take it all in without gagging. I would need to work on that! 

Wanting Joe to feel like he was fucking my mouth I reached around him with both hands, kind of slid my hands between his ass and the cushions and with only my mouth touching his cock, I steadily fucked him with my lips and tongue. I would slightly pull his ass towards me to guide him and he was obviously enjoying it. We kept a steady pace, his moans got louder and his ass got a little more off the couch as we pumped. His cock was really beginning to get very hard. It was not a huge dick but there was still no way I could take him all in my mouth. We had not discussed anything about cumming or swallowing but it seemed that our minds were on the same track. In between groans, he asked me if I wanted him to cum in my mouth, I said yes as plainly as I could with a mouthful of hard dick.

That seemed to put him over the edge and as the men in the movie got closer to orgasm so did Joe. He reached behind my head, gently pulling my mouth on to him. Softly thrusting his hips forward, I could tell that he was enjoying what I was doing to him. I felt his body quiver, tense up and he groaned very loudly and as he did I felt the first shot of cum explode in to the back of my mouth. It was such an incredibly hot feeling as his cum shot inside me. I could feel each load with my tongue as his cum traveled up his dick and on to my tongue. I opened my mouth and let him cum as deep and hard as he wanted to. With my mouth open, the hot liquid flowed down his cock and my lips and the taste was distinct, not great but I really did not care. I let him fall out of my mouth and his dick was laying on his thigh, covered in cum and saliva. Wow... Now if I only had a towel... that was nice, now what? Wow, did I really just suck off a man and let him cum in my mouth... And like it? What will happen next... Stay tuned!