 I had been getting closer and closer to taking the plunge into gay sex. Each day, I'd pursue Craigslist ads just to see what was happening in my area. After that, I'd read some Literotica stories about first times, getting harder by the minute, until I could not deny myself the pure pleasure of jerking off on cam with some random guy. I loved watching him stroke himself while he was enjoying watching me and could not wait to blow a load of cum all over myself. I would fantasize about having his cock buried deep in my virgin mouth and then as he would cum on cam, I would pretend that he was shooting his load down my throat. I would then take off of my cum and lick my fingers clean, savoring the warm, salty taste. As each day passed, I knew that it was only a matter of time until I would be unable to resist answering an add and fulfilling my fantasy.

I should mention that I am an older married guy with absolutely no experience with guys. Oddly, while I certainly recognize a good looking guy, I am in no way attracted to them. All I want is to pleasure another man and enjoy playing with a cock that is not my own and to ultimately feel him erupt in my mouth.

Which leads me to how I satisfied my deepest fantasy. One day as I was reading the Causal Encounters ads, one in particular caught my attention. The guy was about my age, said he was "mostly" straight but loved to engage in mutual masturbation and oral. He was not interested in kissing or any type of anal play. He lived pretty close to me. I typed a reply and my hand hovered over the Send key. I was unsure if I should go through with this or let it remain an unfulfilled fantasy. It took me a few minutes to decide and after I had sent my reply, I felt a sense of relief. After all of these years, I might actually get to fulfill my fantasy of sucking a cock.

I finally got a reply the next morning. After a few back and forth emails, we decided to meet for coffee and a place close to us both. I recognized him immediately when he walked in; my age, thick grey hair and a warm presence. We sat and talked for what seemed like hours until finally, he said, "so, are you ready now?" I did not answer, but rather, stood up and walked toward the door. As I did so, I turned and smiled at him. He knew he had me.

I followed him to his house which was only about a mile away. He wife was out with friends for the day, so there was no chance of being caught with our pants down! As soon as we were inside, he walked over to me and put his hand on my crotch and started to rub me. Almost immediately, I was getting hard. I could not wait to feel his hand on me. At the same time and without hesitation, I started rubbing him as well. I felt like I was having an out-of-body experience as I smoothly undid his belt, unbuttoned his pants, pulled his zipper down and slid his pants down to his ankles, all before we even reached the couch. He stopped me, took my hand and we walked over to his couch, where he sat down. Without hesitation, I got down on my knees in front of him and helped his slip out of his boxers. In front of me, not a foot from my face, with the first cock other than mine that I had ever been so close to. I reached out and wrapped my hand around his shaft and just held it, amazed at how warm, soft and hard it felt, all at the same time. Very naturally, I started to stroke him until I was rewarded with the first drops of precum, which I anxiously wiped off with my finger. For the first time, I was tasting someone else's pre and i LOVED it. I was hooked. I stroked him some more before I decided that I was more than ready to let him use my virgin mouth. My tongue teased his head and slit. 

Slowly, I engulfed his shaft with my mouth, careful to not let my teeth get him. I knew what I loved about blowjobs and was doing to him exactly what my wife would do to me. With each suck, I took him a little deeper being sure to pull on him as I pulled away. I played with his balls with my free hand as he started to develop a nice rhythm of sliding in and out of my mouth. I was in heaven and knew that I wanted to let him enjoy his blowjob to the fullest, ending with his spewing a load of cum in my mouth. Inelegantly, I continued to suck on him and play with his balls. I could tell by his breathing that he was getting close. He grabbed my head and started fucking my face. It was probably less than thirty seconds later when he erupted in my mouth with three of four streams of very warm and very salt cum. Since I had been eating my own for so long, the taste of his was perfectly fine with me. I swallowed each shot and when he was done, licked his cock clean. I was totally unaware that I had cum in my pants, leaving a huge wet spot, but who cared? I had just sucked my first cock and taken my first load down my throat.

As I was getting up, I asked him if we could do this again. Needless to say, I cannot wait until we meet next week.