 Driving back from his lifeguard job on a Saturday afternoon in mid-June, Ben thought back to a line in his favorite novel, "The Great Gatsby." "I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the Summer." He had turned 18 a few weeks before, graduated high school in the top of his class, filling out his days with his part time job, seeing his friends, and doing his required reading for college in the fall. Yes, life was beginning over again for him this Summer. Leaving his demanding parents and the regime and obligations they kept him under. Leaving suburban San Diego for all the excitement of New York. He knew that his future was going to be very different and he was eager for it to begin. He walked into the house, went to the kitchen, got a glass of water, and went for the remote control. His mother greeted him and asked how the day was. He replied that it was an incident free day and told her that he was planning on going out with Cliff and John for the evening; they were going to catch a movie. She nodded in approval but said that their neighbor, Tom Harrison, had been over earlier and asked if Ben could help him with moving some furniture. 

"I'm sure he will offer to pay you but you should decline to take any money. He is a neighbor and we should be more neighborly. We've lived next to them for years and we barely talk to them. It would be good to do something nice for them." 

Ben agreed to do it. And there was no way out of not doing it. But silently he thought that if Mr. Harrison slipped him some cash his mother wouldn't need to know. Besides, it was kind of weird. He had barely known Mr. Harrison. Of course they saw each other from their driveways and waved but they hadn't had much interaction at all. So for this guy to be asking for a favor was weird. Surely he would offer some money for his assistance. 

"Did he say how long it would take? I really am looking forward to the movie. John and Cliff said they are supposed to pick me up in two hours."

His mother replied that no, he hadn't said, but really how much time could it be? Besides, he had the rest of the summer to see John and Cliff before they too went off to college. 

Ben sighed, figured it would be best to get this over with as soon as possible, and headed for his neighbor's house.

Ben knocked on the Harrison's door and tried to put on a face that said this wasn't a problem while also wondering if he could subtly hint that he had plans for the evening so this wouldn't go on too long. 

Mr. Harrison answered and Ben said, "Hi Mr. Harrison, I'm Ben from next door. My mom said you needed some help moving furniture." 

Mr. Harrison reached out his hand for a shake. Ben extended his and as their hands gripped, Tom noticed that Ben gave an equally firm hand shake. Mr. Harrison smiled and said "Ben, thank you so much for coming over, this won't take long, I promise. And I'll owe you." 

Mr. Harrison looked to be in his late 40s. He had short, straight black hair that was barely long enough to show the part on the side. There was a bit of grey on his temples which gave him a distinguished look. His eyes were impossibly blue and accented with long black eyelashes and black eyebrows. His features were chiseled: a strong jaw line, high cheekbones, and a cleft in his chin. Ben thought he was a little over six feet tall or so; Mr. Harrison had a few inches on him so Ben had to look up to him ever so slightly as they shook hands. This was clearly a man who had decided to relax today. He hadn't shaved and his hair was a bit messy. Not like how he usually saw him, dressed in a suit and very clean cut looking. Today he was dressed only in running shorts with splits up the outer seem that made it impossible not to notice his legs. They were muscular and hairy. Not overly hairy, but enough he could tell that Mr. Harrison hadn't ever shaved his legs like so many guys on the swim team did. The t-shirt he had on accented his traps and rounded deltoids. His shoulders were wide. The sleeves encased the upper portion of lean biceps and triceps. He could also see Mr. Harrison's pectorals which were round and slightly pronounced. A clear line divided his chest and the line ended as the muscles went up in perfect half circles. 

As he shook Ben's hand, Tom took in Ben's appearance. He had really only seen him from a distance over the years. When he and his wife first moved to the neighborhood, Ben had just been a quiet kid next door. Now he looked at Ben and realized that he was much closer to being a man. His face was clean shaven and smooth. Similarly, there were no lines marring his complexion. No worry lines, smile lines, crows feet or any of the markings that come with daily stress. No, his skin was smooth and revealed the face of innocent optimism. He had rather high cheek bones and his hair was sandy brown, fairly short, and parted on the side. Ben also sported the tell tale signs of being a swimmer. His hair included light steaks from the pool's chlorine. Ben was probably about five-ten and dressed for his job. He had on a white sleeveless t-shirt and green shorts; both bore the name and logo of a local country club. Ben had a bit of a tan and what little body hair he had was bleached by the sun, chlorine, or both. His eyes were green and as Tom shook hands, he couldn't help but notice that Ben had maintained the eye contact. He thought how unusual that was. Even in meeting with business partners, they always met his eyes briefly and then looked away. They demurred out of politeness. But this young man had managed to stay looking at him. As he let Ben's hand go, he said "Call me Tom."

Tom explained that he had a few things to move, that they were not particularly heavy, just bulky and that it wouldn't take long. He added that he really appreciated his assistance to which Ben nodded and explained that he was happy to help. They went to the family room where Mr. Harrison told Ben he wanted to move the sofa from against the wall to the center of the room so it would be directly facing the other sofa. Ben and Mr. Tom lifted simultaneously and got the sofa to the right spot. Next came the end tables. Then Tom asked Ben if he could help move the bed in the master bedroom. Ben said sure and followed Mr. Harrison up the stairs. As he walked behind Mr. Harrison he thought about how odd it was that these people had lived next door to this family for a decade and had never been in their house, or really ever talked to them. Now he was entering their bedroom—the most personal of spaces. He tried not to think of it as weird but there was no denying it. It made him a bit nervous. 

Tom said that they would just be moving the bed from one wall to the other. This took more time as they had to lift off the box springs, the mattress, and then move the bed. Then they had to reassemble it. It was a bit heavier than either of them had expected but they got it done and Mr. Harrison thanked him. Tom noticed Ben was clearly strong and moving the heavy bed frame revealed the contours of Ben's biceps. Mr. Harrison breathed a sigh of relief that it was over and they headed back down the stairs with Ben following behind. He was relieved to be leaving that intimate bedroom space and was wondering if that was all Mr. Harrison needed done. He wanted to relax a bit before Cliff picked him up for the movie. 

They walked into the kitchen and Mr. Harrison offered Ben something to drink. 

"Would you like a water, lemonade, or something that is more deserving of your hard work?" 

"Um, I'm sorry, like what Mr. Harrison?"

He smiled at Ben and said, "Please, call me Tom. I just got this terrific new small batch French beer that is pretty amazing. I know you aren't 21, but if you keep it between us, I'd be glad to share some with you."

Ben blushed a bit, looked down and said "Well, I haven't ever really had alcohol." He realized this made him look like a sheltered suburban goody two shoes kid. But it was the truth. 

"Oh, I'm sorry. Are you religious or something? Here I am being the serpent and leading you into temptation. Ignore my offer."

Ben smiled and explained that he wasn't religious but he and his friends just didn't do that. He had been focused on his grades, water polo, wrestling, life guarding, and the occasional volunteer work. His parents were dead set on him getting into a good school and that took lots of effort beyond grades. His friend's parents were the same way. Books, practice, job, volunteer. They were all trying to show admissions officers that they were not only smart, but were diligent, dedicated, and well-rounded.  

Tom nodded, listened with interest, and asked "Is it paying off?"

Ben nodded, and said "I guess. I am heading off back east for college in August." 

An involuntary smile crept up on Tom's face and he said "Just like Benjamin Braddock."

A look of confusion from Ben met Mr. Harrison's smile and Ben said "I'm sorry, I don't think I know him."

Tom let out a little laugh and said, "Oh, he's a character in movie called 'The Graduate.' Its older but the protagonist mentions being 'back east' for college several times." 

"Oh, sorry, I don't think I have ever heard of it."

"Well, there isn't really a reason you should have. It came out when I was about two years old so, even for me, it is an old movie."

"Do you recommend it?"

"Yes. It is a classic and it really isn't dated. It holds up pretty well over time. I'm sure its available on Netflix. I wouldn't mind seeing it again. If you are ever game, let me know and I will rent it and you can come over." 

Ben thanked him for the offer and asked "So, its about a guy named Benjamin heading to the east coast for college?"

"Well, no. The movie takes place after he has graduated from college. He moves back to California at the start of the movie and, well, then things get interesting."

"Oh, ok, so it is about his first job and such?"

Mr. Harrison again let out a little laugh and wondered how much he should tell his neighbor about the film. Was it better to just have him over to watch it? Would it be too much to talk about seduction with this fresh faced and innocent young man?

"Well, not exactly, you see, Benjamin is kind of lost when he returns to California and he gets seduced by his father's business partner's wife. Its pretty funny mixed with touches of sadness. It used to be kind of a right of passage. Or at least it was for me and my friends. Like having your first beer. Speaking of which, I'm thirsty. Shall I be the one who leads you into a life of depravity?"

"I'd love to try."

"Good Ben. Welcome down a well worn path. I am giving you your first beer and I'm pretty sure that is a non-stop train to hell. But you know what they say—Heaven for the climate; hell for the company."

At this, Ben guffawed and began to feel that he could relax a bit. He was having a beer with a man like adults do. He was being treated like an adult and it felt good.

Tom went to the refrigerator, pulled out two bottles and opened them. He wondered for a second about being a bad influence on the neighbor. If Ben told his parents there could be trouble. But that seemed unlikely. He asked Ben to have a seat at the kitchen table and suggested that they toast to Ben's future. Tom sat at the end of the table and Ben took his seat after Tom sat. Ben sat at the corner of the table right next to him. They were close to each other but sitting at the other end of the table seemed even weirder than sitting close. 

After Ben was seated, Tom handed him a beer and said, "When you toast, you have to maintain eye contact. It's something my French friends taught me. It's a tradition over there. If you don't make eye contact with the people you are toasting you are cursed with seven years of bad sex."

At this Tom noticed Ben blush and he immediately realized he should not have mentioned sex with his young naive neighbor who had never had alcohol. He really was a bad influence. He quickly said, "Ben, I'm sorry. You are red as beet. I didn't mean to embarrass you. I just love telling guests about that little tradition. As Americans, we just don't maintain eye contact very much. It is some kind of cultural thing we do and it just seems insincere. It means more when you look someone in the eye no matter what the situation. It shows them you are fully engaged with them. I have to say, though, I was very impressed that when I shook your had when you walked in, I noticed you maintained eye contact. That is unusual for an American and even more unusual for a young person."

"My dad. He taught me to do that. He said it shows people you are confident. So even if I am not confident I kind of act it. When I was interviewing for college I got good at it."

"Well he has a good point. I do it at work all the time. I go into a negotiation and when I shake hands and look them dead in the eye, they always look away. I always feel like I have the upper hand after that. So, now that i have made you uncomfortable by talking about getting out of bad sex and forcing beer on you, where are you going for school?"

"Columbia. In New York."

"Ben, that is excellent. You are going to love New York and going to an Ivy is impressive." Tom was beginning to feel a connection to this young man. He reminded him of himself 30 years earlier. A smile came across his face as he thought about this young man with his whole life in front of him and how he was so unaware of his charisma. He looked at Ben and then said "So, a toast to a handsome, smart young man and his very, very bright future." And as they clinked the necks of the bottles, Ben and Tom maintained eye contact and brought the bottles to their mouths.

Tom watched for Ben's reaction and wondered if would spit out the beer. Ben tilted his head back, closed his eyes, had a sip, let it sit in his mouth. Tom watched intently as he saw Ben's Adam's apple move up to take in the beer down his throat. After he swallowed it Ben smiled and said "Wow. That isn't what I thought it was going to be like. I like it. I really like it. I had heard beer was bitter and was an acquired taste and that the first time you have it, you wont like it. But I really like this!"

"I'm glad, just don't tell your parents. While its good to try new things, I don't need the police charging me with corruption of a minor. Or, are you not a minor?"

Ben smiled and said that he was now 18 and that didn't make him a minor. Though the drinking age was a solid three years away. "I love trying new things. And beer is something I have wanted to try. I think that is why I wanted to go to east for school—to try new things. Not that San Diego is a bad place or anything." Ben realized that he may have sounded like he thought he was better than San Diego and didn't want to offend his neighbor."

"I couldn't agree more. I lived in New York for a while after I finished up at Brown."

"Wow, you went to an Ivy League too and lived in New York? Did you have good experiences?" Ben was suddenly less interested in going to that movie and learning more about the Ivy League and life in New York.

Tom looked at this boy intently. Again, Ben held the eye contact. Tom paused and said quietly, "You bet I did."

"If you don't mind me asking Mr. Harrison, why did you choose Brown?"

"Well, again Ben, its Tom. Call me Tom. We are both adult men and we should go by our first names with each other. I know it seems weird but give it an effort, for me. Anyway, my high school girlfriend wanted to go there. I was a bit more interested in going to school in a big city... Columbia, Penn, or the University of Chicago, but back then, I was thinking with my dick. So I went there, we graduated together, I married her. lived in New York for a while, and we found our way to Southern California."

"Oh, I see. Did you like Brown?"

"Very much. It was very liberal and that was great as I was exposed to a lot things that I hadn't been exposed to when i was in high school. Though, I was drinking beer well before I went to college. But when I got there, I took classes in art history, philosophy, literature, and met really interesting people. People who exposed me to lots of things. People who challenged me to open up my mind and consider things that I hadn't thought about before. So, I had a very happy four years there. But, to be honest, I can't help wonder if I should have gone somewhere else. It would have saved me from the divorce that I am going through now."

"Oh, I'm sorry Mr. Harrison." Ben caught himself and realized he had been told several times to call this man by his first name. "Um, Tom. I didn't know."

"No problem, Ben. Sometimes things just don't happen the way you expect. Life goes on. I know people around here can be a bit gossipy and judgmental. I hate that. I assumed that lots of people were talking and that you and your parents knew. While I'm sure that some people are talking since my wife left, so I'm glad to know I am not the subject of extensive gossip. The neighborhood is nice, but it is a bit of a Peyton Place and that can be annoying. Lots of judgmental people out there. But not me, I don't judge. Just like Nick mentions in 'The Great Gatsby.' I was brought up with advantages and I'm inclined to withhold judgment. You really can never know what another person has been through." 

Ben's mouth fell open a bit. "I love that book. It is my favorite." 

Tom nodded, took another sip of beer and said, "I knew I liked you Ben. That book is amazing. I read it every year. I think it is my favorite too. If ever there was a great American novel, that is it in my opinion. Maybe we have more in common than just living next door to each other. " Again, their eyes met and it was followed by another pause that seemed to last forever. Tom then said "Now, like Nick, I'm not judging but I must say I noticed you seemed to really like that beer."

Ben looked at the bottle and realized it was almost empty. He had been drinking it while they talked and the flavor was unlike anything he had ever had. It filled his mouth with pleasure. Was it rude to drink it so fast?

Tom said, "Would you like another? It really is some amazing beer." 

"If you don't mind, yes, I really like this." 

Tom got up from the table, went back to the refrigerator for another. As he did this, Ben took another look at this man's body. He had the well defined arms and chest that only comes with years of working out. Ben was transfixed by Tom's body. His narrow waist, the small shorts, the manly hair on his legs. Tom turned around just in time to see Ben eyeing him. Tom thought to himself "That this was interesting." Was that a look of intrigue, desire, or maybe that beer just hit Ben hard?

Tom smiled as he walked back to the table, "While I continue not judging you and I hope this is not too personal, but please tell me you are not following a girl to Columbia if there is someplace you would rather go."

"Oh, no. Columbia was my first choice. And I don't have a girlfriend."

"Really? I'm surprised. You are a handsome guy, clearly sharp, in great shape. I bet you have broken a few hearts." 

Ben felt flush again and couldn't think of how to respond to this. He responded only with a weak "Thanks."

Tom was intrigued now. This handsome boy with a model's physique had no girlfriend. "Why no girlfriend? I bet the girls are are crazy for you."

"Well, its all about the future. I had to keep my grades up and all. I have lots of friends who are girls but it just didn't go there. All my friends are like that. We all wanted to go to good schools and so that just seemed like there was no time for that. It could wait."

Tom nodded. How things had changed since the 80s. 

"Well, I think you have your head on your shoulders. There is lots of time for all that. And in college the girls tend to want to have experiences. So, you will meet lots of girls and have a lot of sex. You don't even have to settle down with one. College is about experiencing new things. You are going to love it. Trust me."
