 Joe who had moved next door to us about three months ago asked if I could help him with running a cable in his loft whist our wives went shopping. The day was hot and I was wearing an old coverall, the heat in the loft was so intense that I stripped to my briefs before inching my way to where Joe was pushing through the cable. I moved to the other end of the loft to catch the cable he threw to me and dragged it over and he moved over towards me and squatted behind me. 

"Umm...., what have I been missing" he chuckled moving closer behind me on his knees making me extremely aware of something pressing against me.

As he moved even closer I became especially aware of feeling something hard against my buttocks and quickly realised it was his erect penis and strangely I didn't feel repulsed, in fact the opposite, felt a stirring in my briefs. 

I asked him to take hold of the cable and felt his hand slide around my waist and as he moved it down I trembled as I felt it brushing against the front of my briefs. 

"Okay?" he said with a nervous laugh, feeding the cable to his other hand between my legs. 

At first I thought it was accidental that his fingers rubbed across my penis but when they didn't move on, I knew it was no accident and unexpectedly a thrill ran through my body. Surprisingly I found myself beginning to enjoy the feeling and my own penis soon began to rise and stiffen. Having just turned sixty I could never ever have thought anything like this was possible, even though for several years I had fantasised about having sex with another person other than my wife but certainly not with another man although just lately, after finding a few bi sites on the net for some unknown reason I had become curious at other guys penises. 

I didn't know what to do or say, when suddenly he stopped, moved his hand from my growing erection, stood up and immediately started to apologise. 

When I glanced up I saw the bulge in his jeans and my thoughts strayed to my fantasies, and even never having seen a naked penis, except in the gym changing room during my early school days, I wanted to see and even hold his. 

"Its okay, stop being sorry," I said trying to hide my erection with my hand from him.

"Seems you could be feeling the same way as me" he smiled.

"What do you mean...." I stammered deliberately looking away.

"I don't sure why, but I've always fancied you from first meeting you and from the vibes and look of it, it goes both ways" he said moving away with the cable. 

"I don't......" I said with a fluster.

"Let's finish this later and get out of this heat" he said climbing from the loft and when I reached the hallway, he was standing by the bathroom and suggested I should have a shower whilst he got a couple of cold beers.

Unsure of how I really felt, I did know that my cock was definitely hard and wanted some relief so I began rubbing it through my briefs before stepping out of them. Looking at the reflection in the mirror I felt quite proud of the six inches standing firm and hard from my groin and was startled when he opened the door with a couple of beers in his hands.

"Looks good to me" he said admiringly and immediately I covered my penis with my hand. 

"Don't, let me look..." his voice trailed away as he stepped closer.

I must admit that I was pleased at his words and let my hand fall away from my cock.

"I'll wash your back......" he smiled undoing his belt.

I watched in anticipation as he slipped his jeans off revealing this huge tent in his boxers and with a flourish he pulled them off to stand proudly in front of me, his erect cock which looking at least seven inches long. Slowly he started to rub his shaft, and I was mesmerised.

"Jeeeese....." I groaned as it was the first (and only) time I'd seen a man's hard naked cock in the flesh, although as I'd said I'd looked wishfully at many on the web. Suddenly all my inhibitions seemed to flow away as the years of frustration finally got to me.

Stepping into the shower deeper into the shower I turned the water on as Joe squeezed in behind me.

"Umm...., that feels good....." I sighed.

"The water, my cock or hand?" He whispered as he rubbed both over my buttocks and back.

"Both" I breathed almost cumming as his hand slipped between my legs, sliding though my cleft onto my balls and finally gripping my cock. 

Turning me around so that our cocks rubbed against each other he soaped the flannel and washed me from my shoulders down to my cock, holding it with one hand he pulled my foreskin back and washed my shaft.

"I'm cumming........" I groaned but before I could he gripped me tightly under my glans and squeezed hard.

"Not yet...., calm down!" he ordered. 

When after a few minutes my breathing eased and I relaxed he loosened his grip and looking down saw his finger wipe away the glistening precum from my slit and suck it between his lips.

Shuddering I almost began cumming but realising this he gripped me hard again and said "Come on, we haven't long, take my robe whilst I get rid of this dirt." 

Again he returned to washing me, turning me around so that I felt his cock pressing in the cleft of my ass as he soaped my back. Finally his hand slipped between my legs again and he washed my tight puckered hole nearly sending me into orbit.

"Right, dry yourself whilst I make myself clean" he said guiding me from the shower.

When he joined me, he took my hand and led me to his bedroom and after easing me down on the bed, spread my legs by kneeling between them before smoothly lowering himself onto his elbows. Slowly he rubbed his penis on mine and without a word slid down my body, lowering his head to my cock he wrapped his warm wet mouth around it, bobbing up and down. 

Julie, my wife had always refused my pleas and never made love to my cock with her mouth in all our years together and the sensation of his mouth sent shivers through my whole body making me gasp and moan with the sheer pleasure.

Slowing for a moment, still keeping his lips wrapped snugly around the head of my cock he started pumping his hand up and down. It wasn't long before I was groaning that I was going to cum and I expected him to stop but he sucked and pumped harder until I shot cum in his mouth and he swallowed every drop. My whole body was shuddering and I knew it was the best feeling I had ever experienced and wanted to hug and kiss him.

He seemed to realise this so pulled himself up and planted his mouth onto mine and we shared my cum.

When I had calmed down he pushed my head towards his crotch and though I didn't need persuasion, I was a little apprehensive, as I wasn't sure I even knew how to do it, but just thought I'd do what had felt good to me and copy what he had done to me.

His cock, which he took hold of between his thumb and forefinger was completely hairless as was the rest of his pubic area, it was so silky smooth and he guided it towards and into my mouth. 

To be continued...