 I made my way home, with my mind reeling knowing Matt had discovered my spying on him with my secretary Allison. I reviewed the texts and could not stop thinking about the picture of his hard cock. The meaning seemed pretty straight forward, "YOUR TURN! IT'S GONNA TASTE SO GOOD!" Did he really think he would black mail me into sucking his cock? Why, when he seemed to have it made with Allison?

I was sure if we talked things out in the morning he would be reasonable. I just needed to make sure this did not get out of hand and become known to anyone else in the company. My first instinct was to delete the text, but I thought if things blew up at work there may be some value in having evidence of him initiating the contact. It was getting late (11:47PM) and I needed to try to get some rest, but knew there was not much hope.

"Bing," another text.

"Are you thinking about pleasuring my cock right now? The way you came for me this morning, I bet you can't stop thinking about it. How's your hard-on? Non-stop I bet."

Oh God, I was hard! I hadn't really noticed, but I could feel the wetness in my underwear from pre-cum. What was happening to me?

I was afraid to respond, somehow hoping I could think of a way to make this go away. Looking at the picture of me masturbating in the supply closet did not offer much hope. 

"Bing" 

"Were you thinking of taking my load in your mouth when you came for me? I know I am looking forward to it! 7:00AM. Sweet dreams Tony."

I laid awake most of the night, contemplating my fate, wondering why my cock would not settle down, in the light of possibly loosing my job and my career. 

TUESDAY:

I was in a fog by the time, I knocked on his office door at 6:55AM.

"Come in", he shouted, sounding way to chipper.

Stepping in quickly, I began, "Matt, you got me man. I am so sorry, I never should have spied on you and Allison. It was a sick and twisted little fantasy I made up in my head regarding her and I promise, I will never say anything and never, do it again..."

"Calm, down Tony", he said in a somewhat calming voice. "Let's talk. Please lock the door so we are not interrupted, and have a seat." 

He pointed to the visitors seat across the desk from him. I quickly complied and tried to speak again, but he waved his hand with a pointed finger, cutting me off. 

"Take a deep breath Tony. No need to panic, it's just you and I talking. I thought I heard something come from the storage room last Friday, so I thought I better check it out Saturday morning. Imagine my surprise when I saw you down here on a Saturday morning. So I set up a couple web cams to see what was going on and wow, you are a sick bastard..."

"Matt, let me explain," I interrupted.

"Please," he said, leaning back with an 'I can't wait to hear this' look.

"I have been consumed by work since my divorce and it has been a long time since I have female companionship, so when I overheard you and Allison talking I got carried away. She has been the subject of a few fantasies for me and when I had the chance to live vicariously through you, I let things go way too far. I promise I will not say anything and will never do anything like this again. If you are in agreement, we can shake hands and forget anything ever happed," I said standing up and extending my hand.

"Not, so fast Tony, Sit down and listen, my friend," he said matter of factly. "I have experienced women being a bit obsessed my cock before but, never a man. It really got me thinking, I could have a release sexually and really not feel guilty for cheating on my wife.."

"Whoa! Hold on a minute there sparky. I admit, my behavior was obsessive, but, it was Allison, not you, that was the object of my obsession," I said, getting animated. 

"Really?" he smirked. "Let me show you something Tony. Watch this little compellation and tell me my cock does not excite you."

He spun the monitor around and there was a still of me Jacking off with my finger in my ass. He carried the wireless mouse around to the front of the desk and leaned his ass against the desk. He stood between me and the desk, with his arms and legs crossed. His semi-hard cock pressed to get out of his khaki pants. As he hit play it began to put into motion, my finger fucking myself while cranking on my dick like there was no tomorrow. 

His voice in the background, "I need you to cum for me".

Followed by Allison's frantic moans, "I am cumming for you!"

There I am on camera, staring through the glass, and almost whispering, "Oh, fuck, I'm cumming for you, I'm cumming for you, I'm cumming for you!" I said, as I shot my wad all over myself, getting louder each time I repeated those words. (I did not recall saying that at all.)

After regaining my composure a bit in the video, you could hear his voice in the background again speaking to Allison, "That's it taste your own cum." 

I proceeded to scoop some of my own cum off my belly with my finger and taste it. Then I stuck the finger in my mouth and sucked it clean. Next, I grabbed a handful of napkins and sopped up the rest of my spunk. 

What happened next was a shock as I had no memory of doing it. I looked at the napkins oozing with my hot load and took a big slow lick, before tossing it. How did I block that out? Then the part I remembered, after throwing the napkins away, I scooped a glob off my cheeks and neck and ate it.

"That sure looks like you were jacking off looking at my dick and fantasizing about eating my load," he said.

"No way! I was watching her," I said, in protest. 

"If you say so, but, why the hard-on now?" he said, glancing down at my lap. 

As I looked down, I had a wet spot soaking through my grey dress pants, and a clear boner, poking up.

"Look Matt, I am not gay, I was just reliving the fantasy seeing Allison doing all that and wishing it was me," I said in my most manly voice.

"Is that why, you ate your own cum, after cumming for me?" he said with a new level of arrogance. "You are completely in denial. You have been thinking all night about taking my dick in you mouth, and admitting to yourself your true purpose is to service my cock. Come on over and fulfill your destiny," he said uncrossing his legs and spreading them. 

He leaned a little further back and gripped the edge of his desk with both hands next to his hips. He seamed to be bracing for an impact as his bulge grew.

"You are fucking crazy Matt. I am sorry I spied on you two, but you have got it all wrong..."

"Truthfully Tony, how many cocks have you sucked in your life?" he asked taunting me.

"I told you I am not gay. I have never sucked dick and don't ever plan to," I said honestly.

"Let's make it simple," he interrupted. "We can shake and forget about everything. You can walk out the door right now. Or you can follow your cock and drop to your knees and start your new life."

I stood up and looked toward the door. I reached out my hand and shook his hand, and felt a pulsating sensation of blood flowing in and around my cock and balls. I felt like I might cum just from the pressure my pants were putting on my dick head. My mind was a fog, as my whole body tingled. I could feel every heart beat pulse through me. I turned for the door reaching for the door knob.

Then, I saw myself in the mirror, hand reaching for the door, pants protruding from my hard cock. My pre-cum soaking through my pants made a noticeable spot about 2 inches in diameter. The protrusion in Matt's pants was stretched like a tent pole was pushing through. 

Feeling dizzy, I hesitated and dropped my arm to my side wobbling a bit. Things got blurry for a moment. As my eyes focused I found my face inches from his protruding cock, sliding his shoes off. I was on my knees! What was I doing? I told myself to stand up and run for the door, but I needed to remove those pants and underwear. The text photo of his hard-on filled my mind. I needed to see that beautiful cock up close and unencumbered. Nothing else mattered.

"Ah Tony, you've made the right choice," he said patting my head. "I have always heard men are the best cocksuckers because they know how to please. Are you ready to please me Tony?" 

Nodding my head, I proceeded to unbuckle his belt and unbutton his pants. As my hand brushed his hard cock I could feel the heat coming off it through his pants! I could not resist gripping his stiffening rod through the pants. I rubbed my palm against the length of him.

"That's good Tony, take your time and enjoy it. We have plenty of time this morning," he said sighing. 

I pulled his zipper down and separated the flaps of his pants, revealing his engorged cock pushing the blue briefs' fabric, beyond his waist band as it fought for escape. As I slid his pants down, he raised his ass off the desk allowing me to take them all the way down, until he stepped free of them. Raising my head back up I could not help but grip his steaming cock through his briefs. 

"You like how that feels in you hand, don't you Tony," He asked with a sigh.

I nodded as I reveled in the heat pouring off his hard tool.

"Use your words Tony," he commanded.

"Yes, I love to feel how hot and hard you are. Can I please take off you underwear?" I asked dreamily.

"Yes you may Tony and thanks for asking. Then what did you have in mind?" he asked softly.

"I just need to see it close up and feel it naked against my skin," I said lost in a fog and gripping the waist band.

I gripped his shaft with my left hand as I pulled the waistband up and over his bulging purple cock helmet. It's skin was so smooth and tight, and I was taken by the definition of the cleft that was glistening with his pre-cum. I wondered how it would feel in my mouth...

"Your doing great, take your time, no need to 'dive right in' as they say," he said, gripping my head in his hands and tilting my head back to look up at him. "Don't you agree Tony?"

"Yes sir," I said, continuing to peel back his waist band. 

Again he raised his ass off the desk to give me room to take down his briefs. As I exposed his pink shaft, with a winding vein on the right side I got close enough he could feel my breath, on my way down, causing his cock to twitch. He stepped out of his briefs and I raised my hands up to gently cup his warm pink ball sack. He collapsed down on the edge of his desk thrusting them forward with his rigid cock at full staff. He gripped the edge of the desk with both hands again.

"Can I please, kiss your balls," I asked as I moved in.

"Asked and answered...oh my," he said sucking in air as my lips contacted his warm pink sack.

I continued to kiss circling his sack with soft kisses teasing slightly with my tongue as my lips contacted his skin. I extended my tongue under his balls and raised them up as I licked from bottom to top on his sack. I could feel the wrinkles of his warm skin on my tongue as I lifted his balls and slowly worked my tongue from side to side licking every inch of them. He had showered that morning after riding his bike to work, as I could smell a hint of deodorant soap on his skin.

He moaned his approval as I licked the crease between is balls and his inner thigh. My own cock was throbbing and I could only imagine how the wet spot in my pants was growing. I worked both sides loving his reaction as my tongue caressed that obviously sensitive area. 

Pulling away and looking up at him, I asked, "Can I please kiss your cock? I need to feel it with my lips."

"Yes please, you are doing great so far," he said breathing heavily and shifting his cock toward my mouth.

I kissed the base and teased it with my tongue working right to left and easing higher. My dick numb from being trapped in my pants, I turned my head sideways pressing my lips at the base of his shaft like a saddle against him. Pressing firmly, I worked up his shaft swirling my tongue as I went. When I neared his cockhead, I got a taste of his pre-cum that had run down his shaft. It was so creamy sweet I nearly blew in my pants. I stopped shy of his cock head and worked back down to his base. 

"Holly fuck that feels good Tony. You keep this up and your hired," he said panting and trying to manipulate his head into my mouth.

I continued saddling his shaft up and down, on both sides and the front, not touching that plump purple head. The feel of my lips and tongue caressing the tight veined skin was amazing. Feeling the power of his stiff dick with my lips and tongue electrified me. I was moving faster and feeling him getting pushed to the edge was empowering. It was like nothing I have ever experienced.

I pulled back and milked his 9 inches with my right hand pushing his pre-cum to his oozing cock head.

"Can I please suck that gorgeous cockhead?" I asked in disbelief of the words I was speaking. "I need you to please cum in my mouth."

"Yes!, Yes! and Hell Yes," he said thrusting it toward my face.

I gripped the shaft that was pointing toward the ceiling and tilted it toward my mouth. It was oozing a large glob of pre-cum, running down the valley of his cleft hood and onto his shaft. I extended my tongue to the lowest point of the stream of his juice. I slowly worked it up to the cleft and swirled my tongue tip into his hole to catch it all.

Next, I kissed the tip amazed how soft the stretched skin of his hood was to my lips. His moans of approval, pushed my lips further on as they crossed the ridge surrounding his cock head. As my mouth engulfed his head I stopped for a second feeling at home and basking in the feeling of his pleasure. His legs trembled. I swirled my tongue around his head exploring every, ridge, bump and crevasse. 

"Oh fuck that feels good," he said pushing my head further onto his steaming rod.

I took him as deep as I could, (a little over half way) and worked back up until my lips surrounded his hood. I went back down working my tongue on that sensitive spot on the underside of his head. As my pace quickened, I felt him surrender as I cupped is ball gently. The contraction shot a large wad of hot jizz into the back of my mouth. The taste was unexpectedly appealing, as I sealed my lips tighter to catch it all. 

The second jet came as my lips clung to his tip, causing, a little to leak out. No matter, as I captured it back on the down stroke, taking him back in. The feeling of his body quaking as he filled my mouth with his cum was unbelievable. I heard his moans of approval as I sucked every last drop. 

Gaining his composure somewhat, he began to speak while I continued to suck him dry. "I was right Tony, you were born for this. Don't you agree?"

Nodding, I continued milking his beautify dick.

"You want more? (I nodded). You want this everyday? (I nodded more intensely). Good, a couple more lessons and you will be ready," he said matter of factly.

He gently, pulled himself out of my mouth, letting his cock, hang at half staff. He grabbed my shoulders and pulled me up, and like we were dancing spun me around and pressed my butt onto the desk. He then guided my hand to his wet cock and I gripped it and started to stroke him slowly.

"So I have to say your mouth was incredible," he said looking into my eyes. "We will need to understand your commitment before deciding if you will get the job of pleasuring me full time. You really liked jacking off while you fingered your own ass. So, I am thinking Thursday you will get to see what it's like to cum with my dick in your ass. What do you think, can you imagine my cock pumping its load in your ass as you cum on my stomach?"

Shocked and disturbed by the question, the image he planted in my mind took over my thoughts. "Yes I would like that," I said obediently.

Would I? Would I really? I thought to myself. 

"I have always been a bit curios about how that would feel myself," he said, thinking out loud. "Of course I am sure you would be more than happy to fuck me in the ass...Right Tony?"

"OH yes," I said eagerly.

"Good, than I am sure you would not mind rimming my asshole to lube me up first, would you?" He asked casually.

"Uh, no way Matt, that is not happening," I said sternly.

"Really, you are gonna throw away the chance of ever sucking my dick again, over that?"

"Yes, that is disgusting," I said with some remorse.

"Ok, lets try a test. If you pass you won't need to. If you fail, you win, and get the privilege of tonguing my ass," he said unbuckling my pants and pulling them down to my knees.

I was standing in front of him with my pants down, ass on the desk and a raging hard-on. "What kind of test", I asked cynically.

"Here are the rules," he said gripping my cock by the shaft with his thumb on the my sensitive spot at the tip. "I get to use my thumb and only my thumb (he gave it a wiggle). You close your eyes and listen to me describe how you will lick my asshole. If you last a minute after I starting using my thumb on your dick, you win the bet. Deal..."

I was thinking my dick is kind of numb at this point, so 1 minute should not be an issue, "Deal Accepted," I said confidently.

"Ok close your eyes. I won't start the clock until I touch you with my thumb. But I will set the stage first," he said holding my cock but not moving his hand. 

"Imagine me like this, naked and wanting you to fuck me in the ass. (Not fair, my cock was already throbbing). I am bent over the desk with my legs spread and you are kneeling behind me, looking at my naked asshole and thinking about sliding your cock in my hot tight hole. Not wanting to cause unnecessary pain, you have the means to lube me up right there only inches from my tightness. I am wiggling my ass waiting for you to loosen me up so you can slowly push your throbbing cock into me."

I felt him shifting and then a finger tickling my nose as he continued, "You breath deeply through your nose and my scent grips you. You are overtaken by the sensation it causes in your body."

Breathing in, it became apparent his finger had been in his ass, the scent stirring my cock. I began to unconsciously pump his hand.

He continued, "With each breath you realize you have never wanted anything more than to probe my waiting man pussy with your hot wet tongue...Starting the clock now...Your mind tells you that you have to taste it, as you beg me to let you lick my asshole..."

The combination of the image of his bare ass waiting for my cock, the scent of his finger and the circular motion of his thumb rubbing my own pre-cum on my cock head was too much. I completely followed his command.

"Please let me lick your asshole, Please let me lick your asshole!" I begged as my cock could not hold back any longer. "Oh fuck Matt, I'm cumming for your!, I am cumming for..." He shoved his hand over my mouth to keep me quiet.

I grunted into his hand as his thumb kept working my erupting cock. He squeezed my cock, allowing pressure to build and stepped aside as the first stream shot high and far, landing on the chair. I kept humping his hand and he worked his thumb. As my body convulsed and emptied my balls, his scent lingering in my nose. 

When my climax faded, he released my cock and brought his hand to my mouth. He fed me the cum that collected on his hand and fingers. When I finished he slapped my ass and grabbed his pants to get dressed.

"That was a great first day Tony. If all goes well, you may get your wish this week. I will see you same time Thursday. But be on standby tomorrow morning, I may need you then. You best clean up and get to work Tony. The day awaits!" he said slipping out the door after leaving a canister of hand wipes on the chair.

After cleaning up and pulling myself together, I made my way to my office before Allison had arrived. I greeted her when she arrived and did not get any indication from her expression of any knowledge of my spying. So, I retreated to my office and did some much needed work. 
