 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Okay, how do I tell this story, let me just get to it. I was cleaning my son's room because I was having someone over when I heard him and someone else stumble into the house. I had told Steve, my son, that I was going to a friend's house until late. But our plans changed, and I told my friend to come over. I sent Steve a text informing him of my change in plans, but I guess he didn't see it. I was going to greet Steve and whatever friend this was, but when I looked out of the door down our hallway, I saw my son making out with his old high school coach. I retreated back into Steve's room and gasped into my hands. I heard them stumble some more, closer and closer to the room. With no way out, I hid in Steve's closet. 

"God, I missed you." Coach Lawrence said pawing at Steve.

"Show me how much." Steve said.

I was too shocked to move. As soon as Steve spoke Lawrence dropped to his knees and pushed Steve onto the bed with a thud. I watched as Lawrence gummed at Steve's jeans covered crotch. My mouth flew open and I quickly stifled a laugh with my hands. 

"Get up," Steve ordered. Lawrence obeyed. "Take off my clothes." Steve then stood, and Lawrence methodically removed every piece of my son's clothing, kissing his bare skin as it was revealed.

"Please, sir?" Lawrence said. Steve gave a small nod and Lawrence quickly shot out of his clothes. 

I always knew my son was a looker, just like I was in my heyday. But now looking at him he had his own flare to my old classic look. He was buff but skinny. Perfectly muscular, as if he worked out just enough to look good, then stopped and ate a pizza. He had my family's trademarked olive, Italian, skin with his mother's side's blond hair. It should have been a weird mix, but he worked it very well. He was smooth everywhere except for a small bush around his penis. Sorry, I said that wrong... his enormous penis. I looked at the beast that I once knew as my son and deliberated where he got that from. I used to change his dippers and that was not there then. 

But now, 22 years later, and my son had the biggest cock I had ever seen. I looked down and thought about my own five-inch dick and almost wept. Then I noticed Lawrence, who was taking in Steve's body as much as I was. Lawrence was so much taller than Steve thinking about their dynamic made my head spin. Steve was so much older, I think older than me, there were even specs of gray hair on his thighs. Sorry, I said that wrong... his monumental thighs. I instantly wondered how he bought pants to cover his thighs alone, then I saw his ass and made up in my mind that he just had to get pants tailored specifically to cover his huge ass and thighs. Then again, I don't think I've ever seen him in anything other than sweatpants. His light brown skin pulsated with every breath longing for Steve. 

I have known Lawrence for years now, yet this was all new to me. After Steve left for college I became friends with him. We went to the gym. We've showered together. I've seen this body before. But this situation given a sense of newness to everything that I have seen before.

Steve threw Lawrence to his knees onto the bed and opened up his hairy ass. I got an exceptional view of Steve's ass, not as big as Lawrence's but it was still nice as man butts go. As soon as Steve started rimming Lawrence, his cock stiffened. And in that moment like son, like father. I shifted myself around and knocked something over, but Lawrence was screaming in pleasure so loud no one heard a thing. I pulled my pants down and freed my admittedly minuscule cock only to go back and forth from my dick to Steve's again and again. Seeing it hang there, almost to his knees caused my hand to start rubbing my cock... and it felt great. 

"OH MY GOD! Yes, right there, yes Sir, oh Sir!" Lawrence screamed out.

"Didn't I tell you the last time?" Steve said as he stood up. It was hard to tell if he was erect, cause his monster still hung down. Though there was a little lift at the base. Steve looked about 10 inches and as thick as a can of chips. "Call me Daddy." With that Steve threw himself into Lawrence's ass and the coach yelled in pain until his breath ran out, then he just froze, trembling with voiceless gasps attempting to say something. Steve then backed out and Lawrence crumpled into himself breathing heavy.

"Oh Daddy, thank you Daddy." Lawrence said softly between breaths. "Oh, I missed Daddy's dick so much."

"Very good." Steve said. Then my boy went back in and Lawrence responded with various volumes of screams. 

My son knew how to fuck. Steve's grunts were hypnotic. He was quick. He was fast, then he would slow down. Take his time. He made sure Lawrence felt every inch of him. Then, when the coach would think it would be easy. Back into the pounding. Hard and fast. Quick and painful. Let the screams fill the air. Bathe in his cries. Make him scream louder. Turn up the volume. New position, on his back. That's right. That's how you hit his spot. Slide back in and boom, Lawrence's eyes would fly to the back of his head. Hit the spot again. Make it yours, man. He's catching his breath. Stop that. Hit it again. Make him know. He is yours. Make his screams say that. You cause this joy. And everyone should know about it. No matter where they are. Make them hear it.

"Fuck. Me. Dad-dy!" Lawrence screamed to Steve's beat. 

At least I thought it was Lawrence. 

At the time I wasn't aware of myself, and accidentally let that slip. I shot my hands over my mouth and hoped they had...n't heard. 

After a short time, the closet door swung open and Lawrence stood there six-inches and stared at me. After a moment he smiled and pulled me out by my shirt, I tripped over my pulled down pants and ended up on my knees, right in front of my son.

"Steve, I'm so sorry. I was just cleaning, and then you came in. I wasn't sure what to do. I'm sorry, son."

He looked down on me and grabbed his monster cock. Without warning Steve took the back of my head and shoved his thick meat into my mouth. I gagged so loud it echoed throughout the house. But I didn't stop him.

"HERE. I'M. DADDY." He proceeded face fuck me getting as much of himself into my mouth as he could. My body went limp with pleasure. I am still not completely sure what happened to me. What I do remember in that time was that Steve, my former son, was now my Daddy. And almost symbolic of marking his new bitch, he groaned and shot three enormous loads onto my face. He shot seven more cum streams, but they made their way to Lawrence's chest. He was delighted and rubbed the cum around his nipples and then he licked his fingers. I watched, confused as to what just happened, still horny from the whole situation, and slightly jealous for reasons I didn't want to admit at the time.

"Now, Nate," Daddy said, referring to me. "Get on the bed you're ready."

I had no clue what he was talking about, but I obediently complied. I laid back onto the bed and Daddy lifted up my legs. He had Lawrence rim my ass, it felt amazing, but overall there was a satisfying numbness to the sensation. That is until I felt Daddy's cock head at my ass hole I came back to myself and almost protested. Before I could say anything, Daddy was five inches in. I instinctively grabbed my cock. Two more inches, I looked down to see Lawrence smiling. Three more inches in and I realize that Daddy is far larger that I previously thought. A full 14 inches in and I am completely helpless. And no longer in control of anything. The rush of heat that came from the pressure in my pelvis had taken over and made me scream as loud as I could.

"OH MY GOD, I LOVE YOU, DADDY!"

My back arched, and I pumped out six of the strongest loads I have ever shot in my life. My vision started to fade as Daddy started to leave my hole. But before it went out completely I saw Trevor, my friend for the evening, come to Daddy's door.

"Nate?" was the only thing I heard Trev say when I passed out.