 So I had no friends when I first went to college. Big deal. So I was somewhat – no, frighteningly asocial. Crucify me. I didn't really mind. I had books and records.

I had been a lonely kid growing up. I suppose that's what happens when you're a nerd. Moving into the dorms was somewhat intimidating for me, but I had paid extra to have my own room, so I wasn't that concerned. I wanted to my privacy, and I certainly wasn't comfortable letting a complete stranger invade my territory.

I was unpacking and organizing that first night, listening to records while I worked. Wasn't there a Disney song about that? I don't know. Regardless, at around 8:30 or so, there was a knock at my door.

Visitors? Why would anyone want to visit me? I wasn't really that cute, well, except in a nerdy way. Dark hair, glasses, tall, a little extra weight. I wore black a lot. I hear it hides the pounds.

I answered the door to find a hot guy standing in the hallway. It's not everyday that this happens. Sure, you could encounter various hot guys in the hallway, but how often were they knocking at your door?

Maybe "hot" wasn't the right word. He was "cute". A little shorter than I, brown hair, well-defined features. I love a nice jawline. I can't help it.

"Hi," he said cheerfully, sticking out his hand. "I'm Neil."

I took his hand and shook it. I really wasn't sure how to react. I'm just not that social. "Hi Neil," I replied. "I'm Steven." I tried to smile, but I wasn't sure exactly how it turned out.

"I know this is kind of weird," he said, "but I heard music and it seems we're the first people to move in, other than the resident assistant, so I thought I would come introduce myself." He looked kind of nervous.

"No, wait," he continued. "That's not exactly it. It's more than I don't want to be all alone in my room. Could I come in?"

Oh boy. A cute boy wanting to visit me in my room. This is too much for one evening. What did I have to lose, though? I could be nice for a change.

"Sure," I answered, turning around and sitting down in the chair in front of my desk. He followed me and opted to have a seat on my bed.

He looked over at my record player, perhaps with interest, perhaps with confusion as to why someone would even bother with such antiques as vinyl records. "That's nice music," he said. "Who is it?"

"That's Kate Bush," I told him, thinking that he actually might be interested. 

"Well, I've certainly never heard anything like it. It's wonderful." He fidgeted nervously.

There was an awkward silence, so I decided to take the initiative to change it. "I'm sorry if I seem weird. It's just that I'm not really used to people. I'm trying, though."

"No, it's okay. I'm kind of the same way." He seemed relieved.

And that started it. We talked for several hours about music, movies, life, anything we could think of. He was so friendly and nice and interesting and, well, everything I wanted – but part of me doubted that he was a homo. I decided to be daring though, so I went and sat next to him on my bed. I figured it was an innocent enough gesture.

However, I was fiending for a cigarette. "Do you smoke?" I asked him.

"Oh, no. I don't – but I'll come with you if you like."

Naturally, we weren't permitted to smoke indoors, but there was a quaint courtyard just outside the dormitory doors, complete with picnic tables and all. I took a seat and lit up, and he sat next to me. It was a nice night, and we were out here alone.

We sat in silence for a while when Neil suddenly asked, "Can I have a drag?"

I was surprised. "Are you sure?"

"Yeah. I've never smoked, and I guess tonight is a good night to try something new. I mean, I won't die from one puff."

I smiled and passed him the cigarette. He inhaled deeply and let out the smoke without coughing. Quite a feat.

I laughed. "You're a natural."

"I'm not sure if that's a good thing," he snickered, placing his hand on my thigh.

What the fuck? I looked over at him and directly into his eyes. He immediately took back his hand.

"Christ on a bike. I'm so sorry." He looked so disturbed that it kind of hurt me. I didn't mean to offend him, but did I seem gay? I didn't know that he was. Not that I minded – but I'm not used to guys randomly groping me. I liked it, but part of me was in chock.

"No, Neil, don't apologize. You've done nothing wrong. I... I... I... I liked it. You can put it back if you want." It took a lot of courage for me to say that, and I almost regretted it.

"Are you sure?" He was nervous again.

I didn't feel I needed to say anything, so I took his hand and placed it back on my leg. I lit another cigarette as I wasn't sure when I could come down again. I offered the pack to him, and he took one and lit it. I think at that moment he had just secured himself the title of "Man of My Dreams."

As we smoked, he moved his arm from my thigh and put it around my shoulders.

"Are you...?" he asked, his voice trailing off.

"Am I what?"

"Are you...?"

"Am I...? Am I queer? Is that what you want to know?"

"Um, yeah. I guess so."

"Well, I figured by now it was obvious. Are you?"

"Yeah. At least I think so. All I know is that I really like you right now, and I want you near me."

"Come on," I said, standing up and putting out my cigarette. "Let's go upstairs."

Back in my room, I lay back on my bed and I invited him to lay next to me. We lay like that for a long while before he finally turned to me and put his lips on mine. They were so warm and inviting that I wanted to melt. I pressed against him, wrapping him in my arms, and our tongues met eagerly. 

I pulled him on top of me and we kissed furiously. My hands were all over him and his all over me, exploring, touching, feeling. It was bliss at its finest.

I started to pull up his shirt. "We don't have to if you don't want to," I told him, pausing for a moment.

He grinned. "Oh, but I do want to. I want that very much, Steven. I want you very much."

I pulled off his shirt and admired his chest. Light patches of brown hair lay in between his erect nipples, which I began to tease with my tongue.

"Steven," he moaned, breathing and pressing his face into my hair. "My dear sweet Steven." Pulling back from me, he reached down, and very soon was I shirtless as well.

We kissed again, but while we were doing so, I moved to sit up so I could remove my shoes, as did he. 

"Stand up," I told him, and he did so. I pushed him against the wall by the bed, covering him in kisses. His hands were on my back and he pulled me as close as was possible. 

My lips on his neck, I reached down and unbuttoned his jeans, sliding them down his legs. Unintentionally, my hand moved across his underwear, catching a feel of his package. He was hard and throbbing and it made me fucking hot.

He undid my jeans, and I took him back to the bed, where he got on top of me. We made out clad in only our underwear. He in nicely fitting red briefs, and I in grey boxer-briefs.

Tongue-in-mouth he slid his hand past the elastic of my underwear and rested in my pubic hair. He let his hand stay there before moving down and grabbing my cock. I wasn't big by any means, but I was enough to fill his hand and a little more. He began to move his fist back and forth, my foreskin sliding over the head of my cock, which was starting to drip.

Meanwhile, my hands explored his wonderful ass, feeling him up through his underwear. I wanted at his cock, but at the moment, I couldn't get there – but I decided to be bold. I removed his hand from mine and slid into his briefs. I could tell he was a little bigger than I, but it really made no difference. I ran my fingers through his hair and played with his firm cut cock, rubbing along his shaft.

"Steven," he moaned again. "Let's get naked."

And so we did. 

His cock was beautiful. Straight and veiny, with a nice set of balls below. I wanted it, but he made a move first.

Pushing me back down, he took hold of my cock and slid it between his lips. It felt so nice having his warm mouth envelop me. Sliding up and down, he played with my balls, adding to my pleasure. He could take me all the way in, and I loved it. I gently caressed his head as he bobbed up and down in my crotch.

I could feel my impending orgasm approaching, so I brought him up from my cock and pressed my lips against his. As I did so, I reversed our positions so that I could explore him.

I started by licking his balls and then making a trail up the underside of his dick with my tongue. When I reached the head, I dived down on it as far as I could go. I'd never done this before, but I'd seen enough porn to know what to do, somewhat. He moaned, though, so I figured I was doing alright. I sucked his cock, my hand at the base. I loved this so much – the feeling of his member inside my mouth, the taste of his fluids.

"Steven, stop. I'm going to come."

I wasn't going to though. I worked at him harder, moving faster, exciting him further. My tongue lapped long strokes on his cock while I slid up and down the length of him.

"Steven, I'm going to come soon. I'm... I'm... going... to...."

Suddenly I felt warm spurts shooting down my throat, and I was immediately assaulted with the taste of him. I took his cock as far in as I could go and swallowed hard. His cock twitched, and soon it started to soften, still in my mouth. 

I moved up and lay back in his arms.

"Oh, Steven. That was amazing. That was truly fucking amazing."

I kissed him and rubbed his chest.

"As much as I'd like to stay like this, there's something I need to attend to," he said, breaking our silence, and then my cock once again was united with his mouth.

It didn't take long before he had me moaning. He was working some kind of magic with those lips of his. I'd never felt anything like it before, and it was wonderful, so much better than all the times I'd spent jerking it alone.

My orgasm was nigh, and in the heat of the moment, I grabbed his head and pushed it down into me, shooting my load into him. I noticed then that he was moaning with me.

Even after I let go, he stayed down there, caressing my balls as I went limp.

Shortly thereafter, we fell asleep in my bed, cuddling each other. He was so warm and inviting, and I think, for the first time, that was when I felt this emotion we call "love".

To my surprise, he was still there the next morning.