 I flew back into Australia last Thursday, and while everything went well it was still thirty six hours of travel from door to door. When I got back to my little house on the beach I stripped out of clothes that just felt gross and got into the ocean as quickly as I could.

While I felt like a beer or a whiskey it was only mid morning so I sat out on my deck and opened my laptop to see what I had missed during my day and a half of travel.

Lots of work emails of course, but the first email I read was from my old fuck buddy Alex.

For those who aren't familiar with my blog, I wrote about how a couple of years ago Alex outed me as being Aussie Speedo Guy. At the time I thought Alex was straight, he had a long time girlfriend, and I was afraid he would share my secret with my mates. The outcome couldn't have been more polar to my fears. Alex and I became fuck buddies, Alex broke up with his girlfriend and is now dating Adam and they live together. Alex is completely out to the world and he has kept my secret. His boyfriend is a great guy and occasionally I get to join them for some naughty fun. My first orgy was organized by Alex and Adam which I have written about.

Back to checking my email. Alex's email read: "Dave, you must be back from the states any day now. Would you like to come over for some fun with Adam and I on Friday night? Say 9pm?"

I replied that they could count me in.

I tried to do some work sitting there looking at the ocean in my speedo but thoughts of what Alex and Adam might have planned distracted me from work. The front of my speedo was being strained so I started rubbing the front of my speedo. I put on some porn featuring three guys in speedos by a pool. Where I was sitting is pretty private and can't be seen from the beach or one neighbour, the other neighbours are two chicks who work a nine to five schedule and they wouldn't be home.

The porn was of a guy on his knees with two cocks for him to service, I was picturing Alex, Adam and I but I couldn't decide which of the three guys on the laptop monitor I wanted to be. The guy sucking or one of the guys being sucked who were making out with each other.

Then I was filling the front of my speedo with a pretty full load of my jizz.

I waited a little bit for me to calm down then ran down, jumped in the ocean and cleaned up.

Friday night came along, I had some offers from friends to catch up which I had to decline because playing with Alex and Adam was a priority. I was horny all day so in the afternoon I went for a long walk just to try and keep my mind off what was going to happen.

Alex has a speedo fetish which is equal to mine and it was our speedo fetish which brought us together really in the first place so I decided to wear a pair of red AussieBum speedos under my jeans.

I arrived right on nine o'clock and Alex greeted me at the front door wearing a black speedo and nothing else. We shook hands and Alex was asking me how my trip to Colorado was as I followed him into the kitchen. Isn't it funny that we shake hands like old friends but we have both had some amazingly intimate sexual experience (I took Alex's gay virginity in every definition of the word).

As Alex poured me a drink I noticed someones clothing on the kitchen table, I had noticed Alex's erection the second he opened the door so I wasn't quite sure what was going on.

I started taking off my clothing and put the items on the kitchen table next to the other set of clothes. I was semi hard but not fully just yet. Alex and I were just talking about my trip while he poured us drinks and I stripped down to my red speedo. He came over to me with a drink in either hand and instead of accepting the drink I grabbed his arse and we started making out. My hands were all over his arse as we kissed and I moved my hand around the front of his speedo and his cock was rock hard.

Alex broke off our kiss and suggested we go up stairs and join the others. I took the drink in Alex's hand and started following his amazing arse up stairs to where their master bedroom is. What did he mean by others? I could have asked and I wanted to but anticipation is just as much fun right?

We walked into the main bedroom and there were two bodies, both wearing speedos, all tangled up on the bed making out. In the mood lighting I could make out Adam, Alex's boyfriend, but the other guy was someone I hadn't met before. Alex coughed and the two guys on the bed broke off their making out session. Adam jumped up on his knees on the bed and greeted me, instead of a handshake, Adam grabbed the back of my neck with one hand pulling me forward and stuck his tongue in my mouth. His other hand went straight for the front of my red speedo which was being stretched by my erection which was at full mast since Alex and I had made out.

It wasn't a long kiss but Adam was horny and his tongue was eager. He broke off out kiss and introduced me to Justin who was wearing a blue speedo and was now kneeling next to Adam. Justin and I shook hands. Adam's hand was still on the front of my speedo rubbing my cock.

"Dave, Alex and I wanted to try a new position and it requires four people so we thought we'd invite you."

"Sounds good, tell me where you want me to be?"

I was instructed to remove my speedo and as I did I noticed Alex was removing his speedo but neither Adam or Justin were. Adam directed me to lie on my back on the bed and he put some pillows under my butt so it was raised a little bit. Then a completely naked Alex straddled my face and we started sixty-nine'ing.

Sixty-nine isn't my favourite position, I find the angle isn't quite right and I have trouble concentrating particularly as I get close to orgasm. But it is still hot and Alex and I didn't need instruction on what to do.

I really couldn't see anything form my position and with the darker lighting in the room but after a short while, right there in front of me was a condom covered cock at the head of Alex's butt hole. It was right then that I felt something close, really close, to my own butt hole. Someone asked us if we were ready and both Alex and I gave a mouth full of cock grunt in the affirmative.

From my angle I couldn't tell if I was looking at Adam or Justin's cock as it slid into Alex's arse. Which means I couldn't tell who was sliding into my arse.

Adam and Justin's timing was perfectly in sync. I watched someones cock rest at Alex's opening and felt a cock at my own opening. Then as I watched, less than two inches from my face, the cock slide into Alex, I felt the same thing happening to me.

They began fucking us, completely in sync. I reached up and grabbed the arse of the person fucking Alex and felt their speedos covering their butt but still I couldn't tell who it was.

After some in and out the cock in front of my eyes pulled out and disappeared from my view. In less than a minute, a new cock appeared before my eyes. This cock didn't have a condom on so I assumed it was Adam since he was barebacking Alex. Which meant Justin was inside me. The same process as before happened and my arse was filled as I watched Alex's arse get filled with cock.

This time the two tops went harder. There was lots of moaning from everyone including myself. I tried to concentrate on Alex's cock that had been in my mouth the entire time.

I think Justin came first as I felt him ram deep inside me and pause as his cock was spasming inside me. That set off Adam as I saw his cock ram deep inside Alex and he let out a very orgasmic moan, this then triggered Alex whose cum exploded in my mouth which within seconds triggered my orgasm into Alex's mouth.

No kidding the four of us came in maybe twenty seconds!!