 In the days and weeks that followed, I continued to frequent the gym, but just on a completely different schedule. I didn't know if I enjoyed what had happened or not... scratch that, I knew I had enjoyed it, I just didn't know if I wanted a repeat performance or not. 

On a number of occasions, I would find myself thinking back on our encounter while sitting in the sauna, at my desk, or while showering, and it would lead to some of the best self-induced orgasms I had ever had. I even started walking to and from the shower with the towel over my shoulder instead of around my waist. I guess Jeff had brought out an exhibitionist side out of me that I wasn't fully aware existed.

Then one Friday evening, while sitting and watching television... we had finished our dinner, and Lindsay was reading in the bedroom... my phone vibrated with the arrival of a text message. It was from a number I hadn't had saved in my phone, and it read "Do you miss it?"

I replied back "Miss what? I think you have the wrong number..."

Suddenly a photo arrived of a man's crotch, in white silky looking boxer shorts, popped up on my screen. My first reaction was to hide the screen, but then I looked longer at the image. The thickness of his member allowed for an appealing outline in the garment. I knew it was him. 

My own dick started to swell as memories darted back through my mind. My heart started beating faster... but how did he get my number?

"Hey Jeff... How did you get my number?" I sent.

"You answer me first boy... do you miss it?" He replied.

"Um... I've thought about it a few times."

"DO YOU MISS IT?"

"Yes, I miss it. I don't know if I would do it again, but I've thought about it a lot." I really didn't want to say that, or give in that easily, but he held some control over me.

"Good boy. I knew you did. I knew you loved it. I know you need more. Are you getting hard right now?"

"Um... I'm just watching TV... Lindsay is home..."

"ARE YOU HARD RIGHT NOW BOY?" he replied strictly.

"Yes Sir, my dick is getting stiff the more we talk about what happened."

"Good. Meet me at the gym for a workout tomorrow at 4pm. Understood boy?"

"Yes Sir. I'll see you there Sir."

And he was gone. He never answered my question. But just then Lindsay came through the room to refill her tea, and asked whom I had been messaging... I guess she saw me staring at my phone. I told her Jeff from the gym had just gotten in touch with me, and wanted to see if I was interested in working out together tomorrow. Her reply made my heart sink, as she said "Oh Jeff! Ya, he said you two had been spotting each other lately, but that he hadn't seen you in a few days... I gave him your number so he could get in touch. You don't mind do you honey?"

"No no, not at all. Jeff is a good guy. We're gonna hook up errr... I mean, to work out tomorrow afternoon, if that's alright?"

"Of course" She said, "I'm meeting up with my sister to do some shopping. Feel free to grab dinner with him or something too if you want... I'll probably grab something at the mall."

So it was set then. That night I didn't sleep much, and was up early the next morning. I took care of a few chores that I had been neglecting, and organized my drawers, and then waited... I waited for a good two hours with not much to do. When it was finally time to leave, I packed up and headed out the door. My mind racing with all sorts of thoughts about what might happen. What exercises we would do, and would he embarrass me on the gym floor? Or just wait until the locker room again. 

Before I knew it, I was standing in front of a locker, and undressing. I had my gym clothes all laid out, and was standing in my boxers, hanging my pants in the locker. As I leaned away from the door to start pulling my shorts on, Jeff walked in. He was wearing his gym gear, and was covered in sweat.

"Hey buddy! How's your weekend going?" He asked, as though we had bumped into each other randomly. 

"Good... um... you just finishing up, or..?" I replied hesitantly. Wondering if I had imagined the entire exchange from the night before.

There were a few guys moving around the locker room, but no one seemed to be paying much attention to us. 

"Ya, just finished a good session, gonna hit the steam room for a bit. Why don't you join me?" He said it so nonchalantly, that I was almost fully convinced that I was losing it. 

"I thought we were gonna work out?"

"Ya, I did... freed up some time, and came earlier... early bird gets the worm and all that. You want the worm don't you?"

I went beet red, and just stood there looking at him. As I did, another gym friend stopped in to say hi hellos, and asked if we were coming or going. Before I could answer, Jeff stepped in. "I just finished a solid workout, but Mark here just came by for a steam, didn't ya buddy?"

"Yes Sir... sure did... the um... the old backs been acting up again..."

With that, the guy moved on, but was still close enough to hear Jeff say "and don't forget your towel this time!" As he winked at me.

He then started to undress, and I went into a bit of a trance. I packed my gym clothes into my locker, and pulled my boxers off too. Wrapped a towel around my waist, and turned back to Jeff. He was also fully nude, with only a towel on. He turned and made his way to the steam room, and I followed. I couldn't help but feel a touch of regret for having missed out on a chance to see his cock again as he changed out of his clothes... 

When we entered the steam room, there were already 3 guys in there. He moved towards the sensor to poor some water on it, and I found a seat on the bench, hoping to get a view as he opened his towel again at my eye level. But he didn't. I opened my towel as I had always done, and he moved and sat across from me. I couldn't figure out what was happening, until he sat and shifted his towel so that his cock was hanging free between his swollen thighs. The other guys were already deep into a conversation, and Jeff and I casually joined them. Whenever I could, I'd steal glances at Jeff's crotch. His shaft was dripping sweat, and I just wanted to crawl over and lick him clean. He'd even occasionally reach down and give himself a wiggle... pretending to massage a sore muscle or whatever so that the others didn't catch on. With every wiggle his cock stretched longer and grew thicker. As a result, mine did the same, but on a much smaller scale. I don't know what was happening to me, but he had seduced me. He had taken control of my want and desire. I needed him. I needed his cock, his juices, and his power!

Shortly after, the three men made their exit. Almost on cue with the door closing, Jeff stood, took a few steps towards me while holding his towel on, and put one foot up on the bench beside me. He then just stared down on me with a "Get to work slave" look in his eyes.

And I did. My face drove forward hungrily as my hands worked to shift his towel out of the way. I kissed his semi flaccid cock, and licked it, and squeezed it with my hand while licking his balls... I got excited when it started to grow, and felt proud when it reached full attention in my mouth. 

Without warning, he pulled himself out, and backed up a few inches so that it was just out of reach of my mouth, and he then proceeded to slap me across the face with it a few times while laughing. 

He then moved back to the bench, and sat back in his spot. I couldn't believe it. He took away my toy! He took away the thing that I wanted more than anything in the world! I was addicted to his cock, and wanted to worship it night and day. I licked my lips searching for more of his flavour... for more of his sent!

"I thought you weren't sure if you wanted to do this again boy? And yet here you are... you came to the gym, not to work out, but just so you could suck my cock... didn't you?"

"Yes Sir."

"Why? Do you like it? Do you love my cock boy?"

"I do Sir! I'm... obsessed with it."

"mmmm good boy... now tell me why you came to meet me today?"

"I needed to. I've been thinking about it everyday since it happened... when you sent that picture last night, I nearly came in my pants" I said submissively as he smirked at me. "When you told me to come meet you, I didn't even consider it, I just followed your order. I didn't want to disappoint you. To let you down Sir."

"Good boy, that's what I like to hear... Now, show me your little dick" he demanded. So I opened my towel for him. "Good boy, you're nice and hard, aren't you? Now lean back and close your eyes. I want you to slowly stroke yourself, but do not cum. If you get close, stop for a minute, and then keep going. If anyone else comes in, you're not to cover up. You're not to leave. You're not to shift positions. Simply sit there, remove your hand, and think about My cock. Understood? If your dick gets soft, you lose all access to my Cock and me. You don't want that, now do you boy?"

"No Sir, Yes Sir, um errr no Sir?" I stammered while following his instructions.

"You don't want this to be the last time you see my cock do you? The last time you taste it? The last time you feel it's girth in your hands?"

"No Sir! I can't let that happen! I'll do exactly what you say! Please Sir! Please don't take it away from me!"

We then sat there for what felt like hours, but what was actually only 20minutes or so, as men entered the steam room, sat, spoke, laughed, and left. I was hoping that no one had noticed my little 6" dick as it stood at full attention, but I'm pretty sure everyone did. I was embarrassed, and humiliated knowing that people were seeing me in this state. People whom I would never recognize, but who would know me. From this day forward, men might smile at me or look disapprovingly at me, and I would never be sure if this was why. Heck, I might even end up with someone else like Jeff, taking advantage of me in my weakened state. On two occasions, we had the room to ourselves, and I stroked my sweaty dick exactly as instructed. On the second passing, I got so very close to cuming, and just as I was reaching that edge, a middle-aged man walked in. I dropped my hand immediately, but my heavy breathing surely gave me away.

At the end of my task, when we were alone again, Jeff simply said, "shower time" and left the room.

I was so happy, and proud that I had managed to stay hard the entire time without touching myself in other men's presences... much... on one occasion, I could feel it dropping, so I reached down and gave it a shake. I heard Jeff laugh under his breath, and the conversation stopped for a moment, but I kept my eyes closed, and followed my orders!

I followed on his heels towards the shower bay, hiding my hard dick under my towel, as we moved to the same showers that we had had on our previous encounter.

He wasted no time with his stroking, and I followed suit. Watching him glide his hand along his thick shaft drove me to the edge quicker than I care to admit. I had to stop a few times, and he took notice of this. He then slid his foot under the divider, and wiggled it around. I wasn't sure what he wanted until he pointed to his lips, then to me, then to his foot. 

I lowered myself onto the shower floor, onto my hands and knees, and started kissing his foot. As one point I looked up, and he was still slowly stroking his cock. When I looked back down, his foot was gone... and he bent over, and his hand came into view. The gap left about two feet between the floor and the divider. At first I kissed his hand, thinking that that was what he wanted, but he pulled away. This time I knew he wanted my dick, so I slide on my knees until my face and chest were pressed up against the wall. My knees were as far apart as they could get, and I managed to get just low enough for my dick to pass underneath.

He then went to work, slowly pulling on my dick, and rubbing my balls. He even reached under, and let his fingertip dance around my ass a few times. It made my whole body shake. My hips started thrusting with his movements, and I was lost in another dream zone... when his hand pulled away... I opened my eyes with a bit of shock, but he quickly replaced his hand with his foot. He was now using his foot to rub me. It didn't feel nearly as good, but looking through the smoked glass, and seeing him stroke his own cock added to my excitement enough that the foot was getting it done. 

He started to push the head of his cock up against the window again, and I licked and kissed my side of that window like I could feel and taste the real thing. My hips were moving again, and I was getting to that edge one more time. Then it happened, I shot my load all over his foot as I slammed my hips into the divider. I didn't produce nearly as much cum as Jeff had, but it was enough that my legs started to shake as I finished up.

I started to push myself away from the glass wall, so that I could stand back up, but I noticed his cum covered foot was still hanging around. I looked up at him, and he pointed back down to his foot. I knew what he wanted. I knew what my orders were. So I leaned back in, and started to suck my cum off of him. I sucked every toe, and licked every curve until he was clean. Then I kept sucking cause I could hear his breathing getting heavier and louder. I sucked and licked until his toes went rigid, and then finally fell back to the floor.

When I looked back up for approval, I saw that he had shot a huge load all over the divider. His shower had stopped, and he was toweling off. I stayed on my knees watching his silhouette move around, trying to steal more glimpses of my obsession. After wrapping the towel around his waist, he used his finger to collect part of his load, stepped out of his stall, and opened my curtain. He then pushed his finger into my mouth, and told me to make sure I licked up every drop so that no one else finds it. He then stepped back, and continued to pretend to be toweling off, as I crawled from my shower stall, into his, and began licking the divider clean. He laughed a few times, and asked me how I liked it. I just kept going though. I needed to get it all into my mouth!

As I was finishing up, he reached over me and turned the shower back on, to its coldest setting. He told me to clean myself up, then walked away. I got back onto my feet, and stood there shivering in the water, as my erect dick shrunk back to its smallest possible size. It literally looked like a cheeto snack poking out between my legs.

For a second time, he stole my towel. Leaving me with nothing to hide my little friend. I walked back to my locker, feeling slightly less ashamed than I did last time, and found him again sitting, fully dressed, holding my towel. Only, the towel he was holding was sopping wet. 

"Hey buddy! You forget to pick up a towel at the front desk again? Jeez... well... you can use my dirty towel if you like? I picked up two, one for the steam room and one for the shower... this one is from the steam room, but it's better than nothing, right?"

There were a few other people around, including the guy we had seen when I first arrived, and they could definitely hear what he was saying to me... and they definitely saw me reach out and accept his offer, and thank him for his kindness. I made eye contact with our other buddy, and he just smiled and laughed a bit to himself. I started to wonder if he knew what was going on, and if Jeff had done all of this before to someone else? The sad thing was, I was getting super turned on from the whole exchange, and my dick was reacting as best it could. It looked like a pinky finger sticking straight out. 

The towel smelled like sweaty man. Sweaty Jeff. Sweaty Jeff and his hard sweaty cock! Fuck! The more I toweled off, the harder my dick was getting... I was in a rush to get dry enough to put my clothes on before the other guys saw what was happening. Jeff just stood and watched the whole thing happen. He smiled from time to time, and made the odd joke about whatever, just to get the other guys attention, and draw their eyes in our direction. When I looked up to my locker to grab my boxers, they were nowhere to be found. They had been replaced with white briefs that were cut high on the sides releasing the leg elastics, and that were a size too big. Jeff smiled.

I stumbled while trying to pull them on, as I felt the eyes of the other guys laughing at my awkwardness. When I finally regained my footing, and pulled them all the way up, they hung almost loosely from my waist, and dick was pushing the material away, forming a noticeable tent in front of me. I was turning red again, as Jeff continued to converse with the other guys. At one point, when I leaned in to grab my pants, and had my crotch hidden from view by my locker door, Jeff reached over, and grabbed my stiff prick tight, as he dove into a lengthy story for the guys. Part way through, he started to move his hand back and forth, and just as his story reached its climax, I shot a load into the underwear. I lasted maybe two minutes with him rubbing me. When I opened my eyes, everyone was laughing at the story, and Jeff was laughing at me. I turned away from them as best as I could, and quickly stepped into my pants. When I leaned back in to grab my shirt, his hand found my crotch again, and he massaged my hot mess into my grown, making sure that he smeared it around as much as possible. The loose undies did nothing to localize the spread either. I could feel it dripping down my thighs as I buttoned my shirt.

After finally getting myself fully dressed, and we stood next to each other facing our lockers, and packing our gear up... he said "That last bit was punishment for touching yourself in the steam room."

"Thank you, Sir. I deserved the punishment." 

"Good boy. From now on, we work out at our usual time on weekdays, and I'll let you know when to show up on Saturdays, understood?"

"Yes Sir." I said, submitting once again to his power and control.

"Good boy. Oh, and from now on, I want you to wear these while we work out" and he handed me a ball of material. 

As I unraveled the ball in my locker, I found three different coloured jock straps, one light blue, one pink, and one bright yellow. All three were made of a silky material, and not in the least bit masculine. 

"Understood? What do you say?" he said as he smirked at me.

"Yes Sir, thank you for the gifts Sir. I look forward to showing them to you next time" my voice was reluctant, but my dick was still leaking precum in my pants.

"Oh, and you can wear those ones you have on now to and from the gym on Saturdays."

"Yes Sir! Anything you want Sir."

Once again, he turned and left like it had been any other day, and I stood there watching with a hard dick in my pants, a quick heartbeat, and thoughts that I couldn't control.