 It took every ounce of willpower Aaron had to not jump right on top of Gus and ravage him immediately. He'd done that Thursday, after all, in a Bass Pro fitting room, of all places, and was still carrying some regret over giving in to his desire that evening, even though he enjoyed it immensely. 

Aaron, quietly walked outside, grabbed a beer from his truck, and walked past the fire down to the stream with only the light of the quarter moon and stars guiding him. His eyes adjusted and he could tell Gus had invited him to a beautiful secluded spot. In 15 minutes or so, Aaron finished his beer, grabbed his pillow and blanket, and made himself as comfortable as he could on the small sofa adjacent to the bed. Following Gus' lead, he stripped off all of his clothes and lay there naked, with a raging hard on pointing up at the ceiling. His legs hung over the arm rest at his knees, but this would definitely do, he'd slept in much worse conditions. He matched his breathing to the rolling sounds of Gus' snores and fell into a deep sleep.

Gus, startled from a dream he was having and sat straight up - it was still dark outside. He jumped again when he saw the naked man splayed over the small sofa to his left, snoring, one leg over the armrest, one on the ground. He blinked his eyes rapidly a couple of times, and remembered that it was Aaron, whom he invited to join him. Gus calmed himself, took a deep breath, and smiled. He must have passed out before Aaron arrived, he thought it was sweet that Aaron hadn't wanted to to disturb him and tried to get comfortable on the small sofa. Gus' eyes adjusted fully to the darkness and he studied his guest's body. 

Aaron's light brown short hair and beard were a clue to fur that covered the rest of his body. He was almost as hairy as Gus, though, the lighter color of his hair made it less pronounced. His perky chest appeared to have a soft fur pillow across it completely, as did his solid stomach. Aaron's cock lay between his right hip and quad, dangling off the couch with the rest of his body. It looked as though he was semi-cut, 3/4 of his head was exposed, but the full mushroom rim was still tucked inside a sheath of foreskin. His dick was beautiful, as were the perfectly proportioned eggs that dangled between his legs. His muscular quads led to well defined calves. Gus' dick started to gain wait as he stood up and walked over quietly to study Aaron more fully. Gus saw the full USMC tattoo on Aaron's left shoulder and bicep, and small, what looked like an "X" tattooed in the crease between his left hip and quad. Gus also noticed a few rather large scars on the left side of Aaron's torso, and on his left foot, he was missing his baby toe. To Gus, he looked perfect, and Gus could no longer control himself.

Gus stood at the end of the sofa between Aaron's splayed legs, and softly put a hand on each of his shins. Aaron rustled. Gus slowly began to run his hands up Aarons legs through his thick leg hair and paused when he got just above the knee. He looked down at this beautiful man and proceeded up Aaron's quads startling him.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhhh," Aaron screamed as he sat up and clenched his fists ready to swing. Gus took a step back, and apologized.

"I'm sorry Aaron, it's me Gus, I woke up in the middle of the night, and here you were, naked, and I started touching you, I'm sorry."

Aaron unclenched his fists and took deep breath, he moved his legs in front of him and put his head in his hands sitting forward on the small sofa, "Oh, Gus, sorry, you startled me, and for a second there, I forgot where I was." 

Aaron looked up at Gus and smiled. "I made it," he said with a grin, "And you looked so peaceful sleeping when I got here that I knew I shouldn't disturb you."

Gus smiled, and turned on the small lamp between the bed and the sofa, and laid back down on the bed. It was about 5am and the first signs of the sunrise would be arriving soon. 

"Care to walk down to the stream?" Gus asked. 

"Sure," Aaron replied. He stood and stretched his whole body and reached down to put on his underwear.

"You don't need those, if you don't want to wear them," Gus said, "I prefer to be naked when I'm on my fishing trips, you're welcome to join me." Aaron smiled and set his underwear on the sofa.

The two men exited the cabin out onto the porch. The dark of the night was turning to a soft morning purple, and they stepped, barefoot, into the dew-covered grass.

Aaron looked over at Gus, and saw the weight that he still carried in his beautiful dick, and his got heavier as well, filling with the excitement that had kept him hard for damn near twenty-four hours since he and Gus' first chance encounter. With each step toward the stream the two men's dicks grew, and by the time they reached the bank, both of them were fully erect, Aaron already dripping pre-cum.

Gus stepped in the icy water, and reached a hand out to Aaron, who stepped in facing him. Their passion was so strong that even the frigid water did nothing to shrink their raging erections. Aaron reached up and put his hands on Gus' shoulders and looked into his blue/gray eyes. The sky was getting brighter as the sun reached to break the peak of the mountains to their east. Gus peered back into Aaron's blue eyes and leaned toward him. Their beards and mouths met and they kissed each other. Softly, pulling back after a brief peck, then, again, softly, this time with the tips of their tongues beginning to slightly probe each other's lips. They pulled back once more and the sun erupted over the mountains to Gus' right and Aaron's left and they enveloped one another in a frantic embrace, mouths open wide tasting each others beards and accepting each other's exploring tongues. The two men's hands roamed freely as they made out intently for ten minutes, feet firmly planted in the stream, cocks pressed against one another in a comfortable and warm, shared, belly-hair sleeping bag. 

The sounds of their passion - heavy breathing and guttural moans - echoed up the mountain sides as the sun appeared fully above them. At the same moment they both dropped their beards into the crease of each others necks and squeezed into one another with a fierceness neither of them had ever experienced. It felt like they were becoming a part of one another. They fell silent, and the bubbling of the stream at their feet brought a calmness back to the air. 

"Aaron Green," Gus said, "It's great to meet you."

"Pleasure's all mine, Gus Wolfe."

The too men stared into each other's eyes until Gus slipped the fingers of his left hand between the fingers of Aaron's right and led him out of the stream. 

"Wanna see if we can snag a couple of trout before breakfast?" Gus asked.

"Why not", Aaron replied, dropping Gus' hand to smack him playfully on his plump hairy ass.

The two men, hard-on's never subsiding, grabbed their rods and started casting. "Don't hook your dick...or mine!" Aaron yelled upstream to Gus, right as he hooked up on a the first fish of the morning. "There we go," Aaron said as he pulled in the line. 

Gus paused to watch him land a nice sized brown trout, handle it delicately, and release it. "This sexy Marine is the real deal," He thought to himself. 

"There's your pre-breakfast fish, and she was a beauty, if I were in the mood for trout for breakfast she was definitely a keeper - think I'll save that for lunch or dinner though" said Aaron, as he rinsed his hands and headed toward the cabin, his hard dick bouncing with each step. He stopped by the bed of his truck and pulled out his cooler, brought it to the porch and set his cast iron skillet on top of it. Aaron poked the fire, added more wood, and got it re-lit so he could fry up some bacon and eggs he brought for breakfast. 

Gus wasn't having any luck with his spin cast, and knew he needed to get his fly rod set up, so he packed it in to join Aaron by the fire. "The streak continues", he thought, as he was satisfied with Aaron's catch serving as the pre-breakfast fish, lengthening 'his' streak to 11 consecutive pre-breakfast hook-ups since his last failed morning, and that one, he blamed on the pounding rain.

"Bacon and Eggs sound good," Aaron asked.

"Delicious, thank you."

"How do you take your eggs?"

"Over easy."

"Me too."

Before Aaron could crack the eggs Gus had positioned himself behind him, and wrapped his arms around his furry belly, pulling him close.

"Why don't you move that bacon off heat and let it slow cook, while I have my first course of breakfast," Gus instructed.

Aaron, confused, looked at Gus, "First course?"

"First and second course to be more precise," Gus responded. "Your sausage and rump roast," Gus said with an evil grin on his face.

Aaron turned around and tackled him to the ground, Gus rolled over on top of him, grabbed his legs, and swallowed Aarons dick. Aaron let out a loud moan that silenced the early morning chirping birds, and held Gus' head, guiding him up and down on his throbbing shaft. Gus pulled off and got his hands behind Aaron's knees, rocking him onto his back and smashing his face into Aaron's perfect asshole in one fluid motion. Aaron gasped and began shaking as Gus went to work. Gus probed, sucked, and licked for five minutes, Aaron shaking in ecstasy the entire time, oozing spurts of pre-cum down over his belly and chest, and emitting a deep, constant pleasure hum from the bottom of his vocal chords. Gus came up for air, and Aaron reached down and forcefully grabbed his cock, pulling it toward his eager port of entry.

In the middle of the grass, next to the fire pit, between the cabin and the stream, Gus entered Aaron for the first time. Aaron dropped his legs on top of Gus' and pulled himself up where he was positioned sitting on Gus' lap, Gus' perfect dick embedded deep within him. Their mouths met and they passionately kissed, grunted and moaned as Gus pushed in and out of Aaron's willing ass. Both of them were tingling from head to toe with desire and Gus felt Aaron's ass constrict around his dick at the same second he felt a warm spurt hit his chest, and tasted a passionate moan from the back of his buddies throat. Aaron was cumming, and now, so was Gus. Both men writhed, screamed, and came for what seemed like a full minute. When their heads stopped spinning from ecstasy, Gus and Aaron looked down Gus' cum-covered pelt. His entire chest and belly were sticky and shining from the pints of cum Aaron poured all over him. 

"This is the first time I've cum, since I swallowed your load, in the fitting room," Aaron smiled, "Can you tell?"

Both men started laughing and Gus leaned forward to kiss the Marine again. He was an amazing kisser, and Gus would be happy if they sat here and made out all day. Their kissing intensified again and Gus' dick, which had just shot strands of cum up into Aaron was still inside him, and starting to get hard again.

"Oh yeah bubba," Aaron pulled back and said, "I can feel you," Their two beards interlocked as Gus drove into Aaron again, fucking him rhythmically with intense desire, lining up their tongue battle with his pulsing inside Aaron's ass.

"Give me another load," Aaron said, "Please."

Gus stared deep into the man's beautiful blue eyes and erupted once again in Aaron's ass, falling onto his back, Aaron still on top of him, as he tried to catch his breath. Gus's soft dick, fully spent, slipped out of Aaron's abused hole, and with it a stream of his cum followed. Aaron laid down next to Gus in the morning sun, rubbing his cum-matted fur and said, "I've never experienced anything that intense in my entire life." 

With that, he kissed Gus on the mouth, got up, and pulled the bacon back on to direct heat. Gus was still in a daze on the grass when Aaron reached down and grabbed him under his armpits, helping him to his feet, "Let's go rinse ourselves off," Aaron instructed, and Gus followed him to the stream.

The cold water shook Gus from his trance and the two men helped each other rinse off. After breakfast Gus, rigging his fly rod, watched as Aaron, still naked, pulled in two more trout before he even got his line wet. What seemed to be his hook up saying, "There we go," followed both hook ups and Gus smiled with pride at his new friend. It wasn't even 9am yet, and Gus was already sure that he'd have more fun this weekend than he did last.