 I'd just moved to Portland for an internship at a pharmaceutical company and was hoping by the end of the internship, they'd want to keep me on. My first day there was exciting. They gave me a rundown of my daily duties and I received my security badge. Before leaving for the day, I was told I had to go get bloodwork and a physical done. Luckily, they have doctors on staff so it shouldn't be too much of a hassle.

"All you have to do is head to the west wing on the 2nd floor and the Lindsey will take care of you," The HR woman directed. I took the mental note and headed home. The apartment I got was pretty close by so I decided to walk. I made it passed a couple blocks when a black Porsche pulled up next to me.

"Hey, need a ride? I work for Med-Pharm too," the driver offered. He was handsome. Clean cut all around and I didn't need to see the rest of him to know he's pretty active and in shape. I replied, "I'm good, but thank you. I live just right over there." He nodded his understanding and bid me a good night. He was pretty striking. I hope to maybe run into him again real soon. The rest of my night was uneventful. I continued to unpack my things while browsing online to see what Portland had to offer.

The next day, I did as I was instructed. I went to the west wing of the 2nd floor to see Lindsey. She gave me a quick once over and told me to fill out some paperwork while she told the assistant to prep a room. I finished and was ushered into an examination room. She told me to change into the gown and wait for Dr. Morris to come in. I always heated wearing those things. It always left your backside barely covered up and since it's always so cold in these rooms, you could feel some kind of breeze on your ass.

After a few more minutes of waiting, the strikingly handsome Porsche guy from yesterday entered the room and said, "Well hello there...Scott. I'm Dr. Ben Morris. I had a feeling I'd bump into you again." Yeah, but who knew it would be this soon. I sheepishly greeted him back. He looked over my chart and started to explain the importance of this initial examination.

"Since you'll be working around these chemicals and pharmaceutical products, we just want to make sure you're healthy coming in and staying that way. A lot of this stuff is experimental and we just want to make sure you're safe at all times." He said. We went through some past medical history and made small talk where we could. He was a very charming guy. I could feel my face getting a little warm from being around him. And then something horrible started to happen. My cock was starting to respond. I tried to adjust myself without him knowing.

"Ok. Let's get this over with. Stand up for me Scott," Dr. Morris said as he tossed the clipboard on the counter and proceeded to sanitize his hands. He gloved up and checked my blood pressure. I saw a sly grin as he held my wrist. I tried to calm my nerves and heart rate as much as I could. We did all the other rudimentary things all guys have to do for a physical but now was time for the main event.

"Alright Scott, this next part is always a little discomforting. Turn and cough when I tell you to," Dr. Morris instructed. He put his hand under my gown while looking nonchalantly up. He felt around my now hard cock and then found my testicles. Those gloves were cold and sent a shiver up my spine. He gave them a squeeze and told me to cough. I did and then a look of concern fell on his face. He squeezed again and instructed me to cough again. I did and he looked right into my eyes.

"What's wrong," I asked. He took off his gloves and went to write something on the clipboard. He said, "I think I felt something out of place when you coughed, but let's try that one more time." He reached under again but this time I felt the warmth of his hand gently feeling around again. This time he squeezed my cock a little and said, "Its ok. It's perfectly normal for it to have a reaction." His hand moved up my shaft and rubbed the tip of my cock which forced a tiny moan to escape my lips. The doctor let go to my disappointment and then squeezed my testicles again. I turned and cough. He sighed with relief and said, "Ok, false alarm."

Dr. Morris instructed me to go ahead and get onto the examination table on all fours to check my colon. Smiling, he assured me it wouldn't take long. My face flushed red as I slowly turned to do as I was told. Embarrassed, I got on all four with my erect cock dangling. I closed my eyes and wished he would hurry and get it over with. I heard him snap on another pair of gloves and squirt some lube on. His left hand was placed on my left ass cheek and I felt his thumb open me a bit. Then I felt the cold tip of a finger. It just barely touched my hole and slowly moved around.

I clenched my teeth still wishing this would all be over soon. I felt the cold and slick finger rotate and enter me more. Little by little, Dr. Morris worked his way in me. I heard something being moved and he said, "Sorry, I need to stand on this booster to get a little more leverage. Just relax; I'm just examining the lining of your bowels. Just let me know if you feel any pain in your abdomen." I took a deep breath as I felt his finger slide in. He slowly pulled out but then I felt him re-enter but with another finger.

"You're doing great Scott. That's it, just relax." He coaxed. I felt pre-cum start to leak out of me. I fought hard not to move back into the fingers. He kept sliding them in and out of me. My eyes were still closed as they started to roll into the back of my eye. I was really enjoying it and I was pretty sure the doctor could tell. I felt his left hand squeeze my ass a little while he rotated the fingers. A quiet moan escaped my lips, betraying and finalizing my enjoyment. I imagined him fucking me on the table. I wanted him so badly to give it to me.

But then the sensation stopped. His fingers were no longer there. Just a void of lust and disappointment in me. Saddened, I waited for him to tell me he was done. Ironically, I wished it lasted longer, I think I was pretty close to climaxing. I was still on all fours, still gaping and wishing he'd fill it when I felt him feed my hunger ass again. Elated with a rush of lust, I thought to myself, "Yes! Please just keep fucking me with those fingers again." He must have put on more lube and this time I think he has three fingers in me. I felt amazingly full.

I gave into the lust. I started to fuck him back. I must have did it a little too hard because he reached out and grabbed my hips. My eyes shot open! Both of his hands were on me. Something else was inside me. I looked down between my legs and saw his bare legs and his glorious shaven balls behind me. A smiled as big as I could and said, "mmmm...yes. Please..." He gripped my hips and began to thrust into me. I couldn't tell how long he was but he was plenty big. As he pounded away at my ass, I looked behind at him. He licked his lips with a mischievous grin.

Dr. Morris reached under with his right hand and tweaked my nipple. A groan came out of me and added to the sounds of his skin slapping against my backside. He started to pick up the pace. He alternated from groping my ass and nipples has he fucked me. His suppressed grunts with each time he thrusted really turned me on. My arms were getting tired to I folded them in front of me and buried my face to muffle my moans of ecstasy. Dr. Morris pulled his cock out of me and ordered me to lay on my back. I complied and began to stroke my hard cock. He looked glorious standing there naked. I opened my legs wide, welcoming him. He held his cock and waved it at me.

"Is this what you want," He asked. I nodded and basically begged with my eyes. My gorgeous doctor slapped his cock against mine and I rubbed them together. I felt so sensational. He then pulled away to plunged back into me so I wrapped my legs around him. I wanted all of him in me. I clutched him as he pounded away. He started to lick and suck on my nipples. I felt like I was in heaven. I didn't want it to stop. My cock was nice and lubed with my pre-cum. It felt so good rubbing against him. I breathlessly whispered, "Oh my God. I'm going to cum soon." His hands slid under grabbed my ass.

Again and again he slammed his manhood into me. I clenched my teeth and tried not to be too loud. I heard a soft knock on the door. That alerted him and he furiously rammed into me even more. I clawed into his back. I couldn't hold it anymore. My cock exploded between us and I felt his cock go rigid with an explosion deep inside me. He collapsed on me while I held him tight. His skin felt so good on mine. I noticed how nice he smelled. It was a Lacoste cologne. 

He peeled himself off of me and I was once again left empty. I could feel his hot cum still inside me. Dr. Morris grabbed a towel and started to wipe me off as he bent down and kissed me. Moans escaped my lips into his. I smiled and asked, "Do all of the new hires get this treatment?" He began to wipe himself off and replied, "No, just the ones Lindsey thinks I'll enjoy. Well, good news. You check out. Come back anytime." He smiled and started to dress. I did the same but I was only half way finished when he kissed me again. He ran his hands up my back. Man, this guy is trouble.

He slightly opened the door and peaked out. It was clear so he slid out before giving me a wink goodbye. The rest of the day was a blur. I'd see Lindsey a couple times and she always had a knowing grin when she saw me. I just blushed and looked away. As I left for work, a Porsche pulled up next to me.

"Would you like a ride tonight," a familiar voice said. Smiling I got into the fancy car.

"How about dinner first? Chinese sound good," Dr. Morris asked. I agreed and off we went. We got to know each other for a bit. He was quite a player I guess. I appreciated his honesty. Three or four new hires would get that kind of exam each year. But after the exam, he'd want nothing to do with them. 

"You're a little different. You're very cute. And there's just something about you I really enjoy. Plus you have a nice fat ass." He said. I nearly spit out my water as I laughed. There was a good chance he'd used that line before, but I didn't care. I was just enjoying myself. We finished dinner and got back into the car. I leaned over and kissed him. We made out until a passerby yelled, "Get a room!" We chuckled and drove off. I was still feeling frisky so I leaned over again to kiss on his neck. My right hand slid down and found his hard cock.

"What are you doing," He knowingly asked. I unzipped his pants and pulled it out. I dove right in, licking and kissing his beautiful cock. I knew I didn't have much time so I fondled his balls as I took him in my mouth. My lips slid up and down his cock, sucking and tonguing the tip of his cock. His hand on my head as his hips moved with me. I tasted drips of his salty semen. I wanted all of it. I moved my hand to the base of his shaft, stroking it and I sucked him off. I pulled up and popped him out of my mouth.

He moaned and I went back down. I vigorously bobbed up and down, sucking what I could out of him. Another moan and I knew he was ready. He said, "I'm going to cum." I held on tight and took all of him in my mouth. Spurts of his essence hit the back of my throat. I slid my lips up and down again, swallowing everything. He spasmed with the intense sensation. I licked all the way up and kissed the tip of his cock before putting it away. We kissed and he pulled up to my building.

I thanked him for the ride and dinner. And he replied, "Oh no, thank you Scott." We exchanged numbers and we kissed one more time good night. I went to bed that night extremely satisfied with the day. If work was like this every day, I could really get used to it.