 When I came into the apartment, my roommate Derek was lying on the couch with his hand down his boxer shorts. They were the only things he had on. A porn movie was playing on the VCR. Derek made no attempt to move when he saw me.

"What's up, dude?" he asked.

"What's up with you?" I said, as I settled into a chair. "Looks like you took the day off."

"Yep."

I watched as Derek's hand moved in his shorts. His well-defined pectoral muscles flexed as he pumped.

"Do you mind?" I asked.

"Not at all," he said, "check this shit out, dude!"

I turned my attention to the screen. A hard-bodied brunette, half-wearing a bikini, was bouncing her ass up and down on a big, muscular guy's huge cock. The bikini top was just pulled down enough to expose her breasts, and the bottom was pulled aside to allow access to her asshole.

"She's hot as fuck," said Derek.

"Okay," I said, "I have a question. Why doesn't she just take the swimsuit off? What's the point of leaving it half on like that?"

"Dude, it's totally seductive. It's like, he's just interested in her tits and her asshole, nothing more."

I watched in silence for a bit. The shot switched to a close-up of the cock sliding in and out of the girl's ass. I felt myself starting to get hard.

"Fuck it," said Derek. He took his hand out of his shorts. "If I keep this up, I'm gonna blow my load."

"You really like watching anal sex, huh?"

"Watch it?" he laughed. "Shit, dude, I like having it! There's nothing I like better than the look and feel of my cock reaming a beautiful woman's asshole."

I thought of all the women that Derek had brought home since we lived together. They were beautiful, and they did tend to have big, round butts.

"Do you fuck all your dates in the ass?" I asked.

"I wish. The problem is, most women aren't so into it. Guys dig it more."

This was a shock.

"Wait, you fuck guys?"

"Sure. Sometimes. When I don't have girl butt around to fuck."

"So, are you gay?"

"Hell no, dude! I fucking love women. It's just, I really like to fuck ass, and guys tend to be more into it."

"You're kidding."

"Look, you remember that chick Sheila I was fucking last month?"

I did remember her. She was an aerobics instructor, and had the roundest, firmest ass I had ever seen.

"Sure. I remember her."

"Man, that ass was sweeet! Okay, that was a girl who loved to get fucked in the ass, but in order to come, she had to have her clit worked over like a motherfucker while we did it. She loved to bounce her asshole up and down on my cock, while I rubbed that little nub 'til it was red and sore."

"Sounds nice," I said. The man on screen was now pummeling the woman's butthole from behind.

"Sure. But my point is, she needed the clit work to orgasm. Now a dude can come just from getting his ass fucked good. It's pretty amazing."

"He can come without getting his cock stroked?"

"Sure."

"Bullshit."

"I'm telling you. I've done it to guys, and had them do it to me."

I stared hard at Derek.

"You've been fucked in the ass?"

"Yeah, man. Every guy should try it."

"What for?" I asked.

"It totally makes you a better lover to feel what it's like on the other end. To take the woman's place. You should try it."

I was getting uncomfortable, but I could feel my cock twitch in my pants.

"I'm not into that."

"Bullshit," he said. Derek got off the couch and walked over to me. His hardon pitched a huge tent in his boxers.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

Derek slipped off his boxers, revealing a plump, long cock.

"Whoah," I said.

"Impressed, aren't you? Feel like sucking it?"

"I... no...." My breath was getting shallow.

"Touch it."

My hand instinctively reached out and lightly grasped Derek's cock.

"How does it feel?" he asked.

"Warm," I said, fascinated.

I moved my hand along Derek's shaft, feeling the pulsing of his veins.

"Dude, you're really hard."

"I've been watching assfucking all afternoon."

I glanced at the TV. The guy pulled his dick from the woman's ass, shoved it into her mouth, and came.

"Holy shit!" I said.

"Yeah, A2M cumshot. Fucking sweet."

A drop of precum escaped from the tip of Derek's cock, and I absentmindedly licked it off.

"How'd that taste?" he asked.

"Salty," I said, a bit embarrassed. "What's A2M?"

"Ass to mouth. It's the best."

"I can't believe anyone would do that."

One of my hands now fondled Derek's balls while I gently stroked him.

"The girls clean themselves out beforehand. Hey, that's really nice, what you're doing to my balls."

"Really? It's just coming naturally. I've never done this before." Another drop of precum appeared, and again I licked it off.

"Well, you have the same equipment."

"Jesus, not like this!" Derek's balls felt twice the size of mine, and his cock was well fatter and longer. "This thing is dangerous."

I raised Derek's cock, and licked the underside from his ball sack up to the tip. I flicked my tongue at the underside of his helmet a couple of times, then looked up at Derek's face.

"Do you like that?"

"very much. Why don't you see how much you can fit into your mouth?"

"Sounds good."

I opened wide, closed my eyes, and slid as much of Derek's cock into my mouth as I could, feeling it hit the back of my throat. I gagged, and pulled my head away.

"Sorry," I said.

"It's okay. It's your first time. Now you know how women feel."

"Yeah. Intimidated."

"Why don't you stand up and take off your clothes?" he asked.

I stood up from the chair, and stripped out of my jeans and t-shirt. Derek himself slid off my boxers. My cock was twitching.

"Now, I'm going to kiss you," he said. "It's going to feel a bit weird at first, not to be the aggressor."

Derek pulled me close to him and slid his tongue in my mouth. I ran my hands along his strong back, down to his muscled ass. Derek grabbed mine as well, and kneaded the cheeks. In Derek's strong arms, I felt completely overwhelmed, and I loved it. One of his fingers slid to my anus, and rubbed in a circle. I moaned.

"How are we doing back there?" he whispered between kisses.

"I think I'm pretty clean, but let me check."

I pushed away from Derek, and sucked on my middle finger. Then I turned around, bent over, and stuck the finger up my ass.

"Oh my god," he sighed.

I stood back up, turned back around, and inspected the finger.

"Looks clean," I said, then put the finger back in my mouth.

"Holy shit!" said Derek.

"Mmm," I said, sucking the finger. It tasted a little musky, but not bad. I'd eaten women's assholes before; this wasn't so different. Derek's cock had delivered some more precum, which I swiped up with my magic finger to lick off. "Two great tastes that taste great together."

"You're unbelievable."

I put my hands on Derek's chest.

"I know being nasty gets you hot, baby, and I want to get fucked good."

I spun around and started grinding my ass into Derek's cock. I had quickly learned that I loved playing the part of the seductress.

"Come here," Derek said, and dragged me into his bedroom. Once there, he thrust me face forward onto the bed.

"On your knees, ass in the air!" he commanded.

I obliged. Derek began kneading my asscheeks, stretching them apart.

"God, you have the perfect ass for fucking! I can't.... oh!"

Derek's tongue immediately went for my asshole, daring in, out, and around the hole.

"That is so nice," I cooed.

"It gets better, " he said, and stretched my hole to get more of his tongue in. "Mmm. Your ass is so delicious. Such a sweet hole."

Derek removed his face, and stuck a wet finger inside me. He twisted it around until he hit something inside me that made me feel like I was already coming.

"Ooooh," I said.

"That's the spot," he said, rubbing what I now realized was my prostate. "You've got such beautiful ass. This is gonna be great!"

Derek reached into his night stand for a big tube of lubricant, and began spreading it over my asshole. It felt really cold. Two of his fingers pushed the lube inside me.

"Unh," I grunted.

"I'll warn you, I haven't given you much preparation, but I'm just too fucking ready to go right now. This is going to hurt like hell at first, but that'll just make it all the better in the end."

"Okay," I said timidly. I was excited, but scared.

Derek rubbed a huge glop of lube on his cock, and pressed it against my anus.

"Oh, bitch, I'm going to fuck this ass so hard!" he breathed.

"Fuck me, baby," I said.

Derek punctured me with several tremendous pushes. I screamed when he finally broke through. My insides felt like they'd been torn apart. Derek started pumping, grunting all the while.

"Yes! Fuck! Bitch! I'm fucking your virgin hole you bitch! Oh fuck!"

I realized I was crying in pain, but I didn't want him to stop. Something about being overwhelmed by Derek was really doing it for me. After what seemed an eternity, the pain subsided, and I was left with the sensation of Derek's cock banging into my prostate, over and over.

"Talk to me," said Derek, "tell me what a whore you are. It'll make us both come hard."

A pressure was building inside of me, unlike anything I had ever experienced.

"Fuck me!" I moaned. "Oh baby, fuck me, daddy fuck me hard! Oh, I'm a little ass slut! Fuck your little ass slut! Shoot your load in my ass, fucker! Oh! You fucking faggot fucker! Oh! Oh Oh Oh!!! You're gonna make me cum, daddy!!!"

My semi-flaccid cock had started spurting onto the bed. Wow.

"Yes!!!" screamed Derek, and shot his load in my ass.

"Oh shit," I moaned, as Derek slipped his cock out of my hole. "Oh shit, shit, shit."

Derek rolled me over and gave me a passionate kiss.

"You are one hot slut," he said. "Wanna be my girlfriend?"

"Silly, I'm not a girl!" I said. I swiped some of my come from the bedspread, and brought it to his lips. "See?"

"I just want you to know," he said seriously, "I'm totally not gay."

We looked at each other a second before we broke out laughing, and rolled around the bed in each other's arms.