 Authors note: This is a direct continuation of New Life Ch. 04. Please start there, if you haven't read it already. Even if you've been following along, you might want to go back for a refresher. It's been a while. Thank you for reading, voting, and commenting. Chapter 6 coming soon!! 

*****

Brion wasted no time re-establishing himself as alpha dog as soon as we set foot into the bedroom. Both hands placed firmly on my chest he pushed me down on the bed, grabbed my ankles and yanked me down to the edge.

"I'm tired of this sideline bullshit," he said with a wink as he lined his cock up with my hole, still wet from Red's tongue, and shoved in with one hard push. I accepted him with a grunt and he paused to allow me adjust to his invasion. Gianni was behind him, poised to give his ass a slap but Brion caught his arm and yanked him down onto the bed beside me. "Quit playin' and get on that dick bruh. I know you want it."

"I can't even pretend I don't," was Gianni's sly reply as he moved to straddle me. He didn't waste a moment getting me inside him either and before long I was being treated to the bumpiest ride of my life. 

It was awkward at first, like they were in competition to see who could make me cum the fastest. But once they realized it was better for all of us if they worked together, it was just that. Better for all of us. Gianni grabbed my legs and pushed them back, using them to steady himself and providing Breeze with a much better angle. They even coordinated their movement so they both rocked at the same time. Brion and I had experimented with toys while we fucked each other but there was no comparing it to the real thing. Having him inside me with Gianni's tight ass around my dick was like heaven on Earth and I thanked God for tight condoms because without it I would have blown my load almost immediately.

But Brion was first and pushed Gianni down onto my chest, holding him still while he pumped me full of his cum in several rapid fire bursts. He stayed inside me long enough to let out a loud string of curses that brought us all to giggles. 

"That good huh," Colin said with a smirk as he crawled across the bed. I hadn't even noticed he'd found our toys until his ass waved across my vision with my suction cup dildo buried to the hilt like a butt plug. 

"It's like the first time every time," Breeze said as he slowly slip out of me. I didn't even have time to feel abandoned. No sooner did his tip leave my pucker did I feel Red's lips on my ass, his tongue pushing into the gape Breeze left. "Oh word," Breeze grunted and I peeked around Gianni to see him grab the back of Red's head and push. "Y'all some nasty mufuckas...yeah push that shit out babyboy so he get it all," he said before he pulled Colin back so he could watch my muscles flex and relax as I did as he demanded.

"You...have...no...idea," was Colin's slurping reply and Breeze groaned his approval.

"I think I'm gettin' pretty fuckin' close," he said and yanked Colin back to smear his sloppy dick along his lips. "Yeah you can definitely come by anytime you want. Clean up duties is all you bruh."

"Mmmm please and thank you sir," Red mumbled as he continued lapping at the mess Breeze made of his cock. 

"And listen to those manners," he said as he stood and Colin never let his cock out of his mouth. "I gotta take a piss bruh," Brion said with a chuckle as he ran his hand through Colin's shaggy red hair.

"Can I come?"

"Sure, why not," Brion shrugged as he pulled him up with a hand to the back of his neck.

Gianni laughed and shook his head as he watched them go but I was too busy looking at him to notice and when he turned his eyes back to me he did something I never saw before. He blushed and that made me laugh.

"Never thought I'd see the day when you turned that shade of red," I told him as I ran my hand up his thigh to grip his ass and slowly rock his hips forward, reminding him of why we were here in the first place. "Nice to know I could do that for you," I said with a cocky wink and he gave my nipple a hard twist, but I'm sure he knew I liked that kind of thing.

"Yeah, yeah whatever bro I can't help it I like when somebody looks at me like a piece of steak," he said with a smirk before he lean down and run his tongue along my still smirking lips. He kissed me then, long and deep. His tongue pushed into my mouth, exploring every inch of it as his hips began to rock again but Gianni was done with slow and steady at this point. He ass clenched hard around my cock and I found myself lurching forward everytime he slammed down into my lap.

But I was done being submissive. Who knew if I would ever have this moment again and damn it if I wasn't going to make it memorable for both of us. With that in mind I took hold of the back of his knees and stood up. My shoulder was going to be sore as fuck in the morning but I wasn't worried about it too much, especially when Gianni whimpered a little and latched onto me with all limbs.

"Don't worry bud I got you," I said with a chuckle, even bounced him a little in my arms and fire shot down my arm from my shoulder but I gritted my teeth through the pain. 

"You better put me down before Nurse Betty comes in here and shuts this whole thing down," he said with a chuckle and I silently agreed. Brion would be right pissed if he saw the move I was trying to pull off, even if I succeeded. Reluctantly I set Gianni down with his back on the bed and pulled out long enough to flip him onto his stomach. A hard slap and a grunt then I was back inside him all 11 of my inches in one hard thrust. "Holy fuck that's what I need," he shouted and I slapped his ass again, smirked as a fiery red hand print bloomed on his right cheek. I couldn't have him be off balanced so I gave his left a couple to match, all the while he groaned and jerked his cock. 

"You like that G...Like all that big black dick in you," I asked him between a few powerful strokes with all my weight behind them. Our balls colliding beneath us added a nice bit of delicious pain to the situation putting me at the edge of explosion. But I held on, my fingers digging into his hips, raising angry red fingerprints.

"Shit Nev I'm gonna blow...harder bro harder...I can take it..."

"Get in there clean up man," Breeze said from behind me as Colin flopped down on the bed beside Gianni. The jock was gone but the dildo remained, after a quick look from me he pulled it free and deposited it promptly into his mouth to suck clean. "Nasty muthafuckas," Breeze groaned as he made himself comfortable at the head of the bed with a freshly rolled joint. We all heard it as the compliment it was meant. Colin even chuckled a little around the toy in his mouth before Gianni sat up on his knees and announce his climax.

"Come get it pig," he grunted and yanked Colin to his crotch with one hand while the other set a feverish pace on his twitching cock. Red got there just in time to catch the first shot across his face then lay down with his mouth open, tongue outstretched to receive the rest but Gianni's frantic jerking resulted in an erratic pattern of glaze that coated his face and chest. "You didn't cum," he asked me panting as he eased off my still hard cock and all I could do was shrug.

"I don't think there's anything left."

"There's gotta be a little something the way you're standing up like that," Colin said as he lapped at Gianni's still oozing tip. 

"Well shit I'm spent," he said as he found a spot next to Brion who handed him the joint with a look that said he was too.

"Does that mean it's finally my turn," was Colin's gleeful response to that as flopped down in front of me with his legs back over his shoulders. 

"I think I'm gonna need a new rubber for that boy." He was up before I even got the words out, sprinting out to the living room and was back before I finished talking. Like the good pig he is, Colin gave the used condom a good cleaning before he pulled it off my dick to replace it with a fresh one. "You been waiting a long time for this haven't you boy?"

"Only since the first time I saw you..."

"I don't think I like the sound of that," Brion teased making Red blush even more as he rolled the condom down my shaft. 

"Don't worry pretty boy I just want the d," Colin said with a wink and Breeze narrowed his eyes at him. "What I say?"

"He's not a fan of the pretty boy tag," I informed him as he put his ass in the air for me.

"Ain't nothing wrong with being pretty," Gianni said with a grin and made a show of smoothing his beard before giving Brion the same treatment. Well he attempted but Brion swatted his hand away before he could make contact. "I'm just saying bro, don't be ashamed of who you are that's all," he said and passed Brion back the joint. "Ain't like big fella gonna ask you to put on a dress or nothing..."

"Not my thing bud," I said with my eyes on Breeze, who smirked a little and looked away. "I'm more partial to the boy part."

"So I've noticed," he said with a grin and shift his eyes down at Red with his head down, rocking his ass back and forth, patiently waiting for me to get inside him.

Unfortunately all the talking took the wind out of my sails but Red didn't seem all that disappointed, content to flop down between Gianni's outstretched legs. Being a good host, I wasn't about to end the night without him getting his rocks off so back into the closet I went for the box of stuff Brion hadn't unpacked. Particularly the bottle of heavy duty lube we'd yet to open and Red's face lit up when he saw me twisting off the cap.

"Is that for me," he said all dreamy eyed and I shot him a wink before he threw his legs back over his shoulders so fast he almost kicked Gianni in the head.

"Well not exactly but you're the test," I told him with a smirk and he pretended to pout as I squirted a few pumps all over his cock and ass. It was the first time I got a good look at it and I couldn't help but be impressed. For a guy who liked the bottom Colin sported a cock that any guy would want to get on. He had to be at least seven inches and maybe 3 inches around with a fat uncut tip that Gianni took great pleasure in teasing with his fingertips as I smeared the lube along his crack.

Breeze was uncharacteristically silent as Gianni and I worked on Red, but I was acutely aware of his eyes on me. He said he liked watching how I handled Red and I guessed this was exactly what he wanted so I kept my attention on the man splayed out in front of me, even if he was busy sucking Gianni's face. I didn't need his mouth at the moment and set to work stretching his fuckhole like I know he liked.

After we crossed the friendship bridge, Red and I spent most of our time at work talking about sex. He was like a tutor of sorts, discussing with me the intricacies of gay sex. As shy as he was about his sexuality, Colin was a man who knew what he liked and didn't mind sharing when we were alone. He called himself a power bottom with pigish tendencies in the right company and I felt safe in guessing that our little group was that so when he started begging for more with three of my sausage fingers jammed up his chute, I didn't hesitate to slip in another. And a grin spread across my face as three dildos, already sheathed with condoms dropped on the bed beside me. I did look at Brion then and he leaned forward to shove his tongue in my mouth a moment before he sat back to watch the show.

While Gianni pumped away at his cock, I pulled my fingers away and replaced them with our smallest dildo. It was my first one, only about 6 inches, but I figured it would be a good starting point. And of course, being the pig that he was, Red still begged for more. The three of us remained utterly silent as I worked Brion's 8 incher in alongside the first toy. He called it his trainer dick, the one he practiced with before our first time together and Red took them both like a champ as he and Gianni traded spit. There was the occasion sweet/dirty nothing as well but the words were so quiet I could only tell by the color rising in Colin's face that anything was said. And I didn't need Brion's nudge to notice Gianni drop Red's other leg to lace their fingers together.

By the time I switched out the little guy for me and Brion's first couples purchase Colin was dripping with sweat and his breaths came in quick bursts, but still he begged for more. Even when Gianni pulled his legs all the way back, nearly folding him in half. I had to stand up on my knees, but I didn't mind the view. The change in angle served to remind me of the reason we bought the 8 inch monster in the first place, the vibrator and an evil grin spread across my lips as I turned it on the highest setting.

"Holy fuck," Colin shouted so loud his voice cracked with his feet flexed so hard I thought he might get a cramp. "Fuck Nev..please...let me cum Daddy...please let me..."

"I don't think he can stop you bruh," Breeze said with a snort before he glanced over at me with question in his eyes.

"I mean I could but that's not my thing either..."

"Open up," Gianni said and gave Colin's leg one final push so his knees were almost on his shoulders, his cock inches above his face.

"Ready pig?"

"Fuck yeah I am," he barely said before I held the vibrating toy against his prostate, forcing his load.

"Fuuuuuck," came threefold as the rest of us watched Colin give himself a facial.

"Thanks guys," he said with a bashful giggle as Gianni let his legs down and I eased the toys out of his well stretched hole. Like a good little pig, Red slipped around to model his gape for us a moment before he scooped up the toys and disappeared into the bathroom. "I'll take care of these," he said on his way out and Breeze gave him a salute.

"Well that was...uhhh..."

"Interesting," Breeze said, finishing Gianni's sentence and I shrugged my shoulders.

"I think I had this dream before but the reality is way better," Gianni said with a chuckle and both of us were shocked when Brion raised his fist for him to bump. "So I take it you enjoyed your first man bang?"

"Definitely," Brion and I said and unison then burst out laughing.

"That's good to hear. I'm gonna go check on the kid," Gianni said as he slid out of bed and I shift my eyes at my partner so he kept his mouth shut. "Mind if I shower?"

"Towels are in the closet," I told him with my eyes still on Breeze who bit his lip to keep from laughing until we heard the bathroom door shut. "Don't say it..."

"Hey man I know what I saw but I'll be good. That wasn't their first time."

He was probably right but I wasn't about to tell him, content to go about changing the sheets in silence. Brion made no attempt to help, instead flopping down on the easy chair with one of my cigarettes in one hand and the remote in the other. I didn't say anything about that either, as far as I was concerned, he didn't need to lift a finger for a while after tonight. Despite the fact that he enjoyed himself, I knew this night was for me. For us. Maybe he wasn't gay but he damn sure loved me enough to fool around with guy(s) for my benefit. He kept his promise, however playful it might have been while I was in the hospital, and I couldn't have been happier that I finally got out of my own way to be with him. We wrapped up the night with a quick shower and found Gianni and Colin wrestling with the pullout couch in the living room.

"Fuck that shit bruh. We only sleep on one side anyway," Brion shouted as he flopped down on our king-sized bed. It was a tight fit but we made it work, probably because we were all exhausted. As usual, sleep came easily with Brion pressed against my chest but I wasn't too tired to notice Gianni spooning up to Colin just as tight.

******

The sounds of stifled laughter and the subtle rocking of the bed stirred me a little but I was way too exhausted, and hungover, to open my eyes. The sun was just rising and Brion's face pressed firmly to my chest leaving a healthy trail of drool was enough to keep me right where I was. It was well after noon before I actually woke up, well shot forward in the bed at the sound of the shower running. Brion chuckled, one hand on my cheek, the other on my chest.

"Be cool bruh," he said quietly and kissed my chin. His fingertips traced along my beard as a smile made its way to his lips. "That's Red in the bathroom and Gianni still dead to the world over there," he said and turned my face to see the lanky Italian spread out beside me. "I gotta get to the gym. There's shit in the fridge so I'll pick up dinner if you want."

"Naw I'll go to the store and make something."

"You sure," he said already grinning and a kiss was his answer. "Aight bruh. Tell G he can borrow something of mine if he wants to chill..."

"I was going to anyway but thanks for the permission," Gianni grunted without turning over and Brion rolled his eyes before he kissed me again.

"Love you bruh..."

"Awww..."

"Love you too. Have fun," I told him and he was out the door.

"You guys are soooo cute," Gianni teased and I started to say something but the shower stopped as I opened my mouth so I let him have his moment.

Even if we'd just spent a night fucking each others brains out, it didn't seem right staying in bed with Gianni without Breeze. Believe me I tried, but even with him snoring more than a foot away, it felt wrong so I dragged myself out of bed to find a pair of shorts and make coffee. I wasn't hungover but my body was definitely feeling the effects of the long night. More than my shoulder was sore, my back was tight, but still I skipped my prescription meds and popped a few ibuprofen instead. While the coffee brewed, I went about cleaning up the mess from the night before, shaking my head the whole way. Between the empty beer bottles with cigarette butt floaters, used condoms, and roaches, the whole place smelled horrible, even after I opened all the windows.

Colin emerged from the bathroom fully dressed as I loaded up the dishwasher, a bashful smirk on his face as he dipped back into my bedroom. I pretended not to hear the sound of lips smacking and breathy laughs as he said his goodbyes to Gianni before he came out to bid me farewell.

"You don't gotta rush off you know," I told him but he waved me off with a grin.

"Dude, we're cool," he said then chuckled at my raised eyebrow. "I'd love to stay and hang out but I booked some side work this weekend."

"Need any help?"

"Nah I should be good. Couple floor to ceiling built-ins...no big deal."

"You sure."

"Positive man...hey you're back to work Monday right? Maybe we could ride in together?"

"Sounds good to me bud, long as I get to do the driving for a little while."

"Sweet...I'll bring lunch."

"Deal," I said with a grin and we shook on it before he headed towards the door. "And Colin, it was good to see you outside of work. Let's make it a habit."

"I hear you Nev," he said with a grin, closing the door behind him.

Once Red was gone, I fired up the vacuum cleaner. It was mostly to drive Gianni out of my bed and into the shower. I had big plans for today, plans that I hoped he might help me tackle but we couldn't do anything until we got my place back in order. He groaned about it but did his part and together we made quick work of everything, even made us a quick brunch of the random odds and ends in the fridge. While we ate, I shared my plan of a romantic evening and Gianni was all too happy to help. A menu was discussed, grocery list made before we loaded into my car and headed to the store for supplies.

The goal was for him to teach me one of Brion's simplest favorites, spaghetti and meatballs. It took three stores for me to realize that Gianni was planning an event when all I wanted was quiet meal at home with my partner. By the time we got back to my place, the meal had multiplied to 4 courses with wine pairings. "You asked me because you want to impress him, right? Well you aren't impressing anybody who lived in Italy with jarred sauce," he assured me as he scribbled out a prep list. His instruction was concise, thorough, and hands-off for the most part, allowing me to add to my limited skills in the kitchen. The hours seemed to fly by as he walked me through the process of sauce making, antipasto plates, and homemade caesar dressing. We were making meatballs when I finally worked up the nerve to ask him about Colin and at first he tried to downplay it. Unfortunately for him, it was my turn to play the pushy best friend.
