 Luke put his dick back in his boxer shorts, I, however, just abandoned all my clothes on the sofa. We went inside to my bathroom.

I playfully grabbed his nice ass, bulging in his underwear, on the way.

Arriving in the bathroom, Luke turned around, took me in his arms, lifted me and sat me on the edge of the sink.

As he started kissing me again, he ran his fingers in the leftover cum I had on the torso and lifted his finger between us. I happily went for his finger and so did he, taking his finger and my cum between our interlocking lips. He repeated the process a few more times, and we were both starting to get hard again. I ran my fingers on his back, making him moan. We stayed that way a good five minutes, just enjoying each other.

I stepped down the sink to maximize the contact between our bodies. I wanted to feel his heat. Naked as I was, my fully hard dick was pointing up, leaning against his ripped 6 pack. Still wearing his boxer shorts, his dick was now tenting hard, poking my thigh through the fabric. Already, I felt moisture where the tip of his shaft touched my leg. He was oozing pre-cum, and I was horny as could be. My hands went freely all over his body, taking time now to discover it more, brushing through his hairy patch between his pecs, pinching his nipples playfully, grabbing at his strong arms. Soon they started going down his back, caressing his muscular shoulders, down to the birth of his round butt. I slid one hand inside, grabbing at a smooth cheek, squeezing lightly.

During that time, Luke was covering my face in kisses, licking and softly biting my neck, sucking on my earlobes.

Finally, I broke our embrace, went behind him, undressed him of his underwear and maneuvered him to put his right leg on the sink, opening access to his ass. His cheeks were soft and hairless and so was his crack.

I went to my knees and looked at the nice pink hole with water coming to my mouth. Taking a full breath, the muskier smell of his ass sweat entered my nostrils. I went for it and started rimming him. My tongue made its way to his hole and darted to open it. As he grunted I felt encouraged and went faster. He put a hand on each cheek and pulled on them to give me full access. I licked him harder. Behind the light smell of sweat, I could differentiate the musky perfume of his body wash. He must have showered not long ago, probably just before meeting me in the park. Intoxicated by all those delicious scents I lost track of time.

"Let's get wet!" he laughed suddenly, breaking my trance, turning around, and pushing me in the shower.

We cleaned each other, kissing and joking under the water. We kept discovering our bodies. My hand made its way back to his ass, slipping just a finger to tease him. He moaned and wiggled to give me better access.

"So you're a top?" he asked smiling.

"I'm whatever I need to be," I winked.

"It's going to be plenty of fun then!"

We finished with the cleaning and dried ourselves. I then took his hand and drove him to the bedroom.

I sat him on the edge of the bed and climbed on his lap, facing him. His dick was getting seriously hard again, and so was mine resting against his abs. I positioned his dick between my butt cheeks, and I bet he could feel the warmth of my hole, calling for attention. He licked one finger and directed his hand under me, reaching for my ass. He pushed the finger in while nibbling at my nipples gently.

I felt my ass accommodating the finger, and the pain disappeared quickly. I was so turned on by our previous foreplay that the pleasure took over very soon, and I was ready for a second.

Luke took me in his arms and feeling my excitement moved me, put me on my back on the bed, my legs raised up to his shoulders.

"Where is your lube?" Luke asked.

"That nightstand," I gestured.

He went to grab it but stopped. He turned his face at me, then at the nightstand and then back at me, smiling.

"Oh, there are some fun things in here! Maybe for another time." he smiled.

He went back on the bed with the lube, positioned himself in front of my offered ass, lightly stroking his dick. He squeezed a bit of lube on two fingers and started working my hole up. I held my breath for a second, but soon I was open enough to enjoy the foreign presence in my ass. He took his time turning his fingers around, brushing against my prostate as if by mistake. While he was doing that, he leaned forward and took my throbbing dick in his mouth. My legs naturally positioned themselves on his shoulders and back. He sucked me for a short while, waiting for me to fully accommodate his fingers in my hole. We met only an hour ago maybe, and yet he was making love to me with a kind of care no other previous lovers of mine ever had.

After a few minutes, my moans and groans were the signals that I was ready for the piece-de-resistance. He raised his torso back up, carefully put my spread legs on his hips, for me to be more comfortable. I reached for the head of the bed, grabbed a pillow that I gave him to secure the position of my ass, to the level of his penis. Once all the preparation was done, he squirted a bit more lube on his fully hard dick and massaged it a few more seconds. He inserted the tip and waited for me to accommodate. It wasn't long before I pulled him closer, crossing my legs behind his back, to be impaled on his huge penis. I was so horny. Soon I was full of his cock and my ass brushed against his pubes and balls.

Arching my back involuntarily, due to the sudden feeling of fullness in all my abdomen, I let out a loud grunt. All 8 inches of him reached a deep place in me, pushing my organs around, while the considerable thickness of his shaft stretched my hole to its limits. He understood the signal of me wanting to be fucked hard, and started going out a few inches, and back in slowly, his balls still in my hand.

"You feel so good, James. Everything good for you?"

"Oh yes, please pound me."

And that was all he needed me to say. He started moving faster, at first still with just little inches going in and out. My prostate was screaming inside my body, starting bolts of electricity from my pelvis to all the parts of my body. I raised my ass up and tried to move my hips to match his movements. Extending my arms, I caught him and pulled him to fall on me. Now standing on his elbows on each side of me, he kissed me passionately, while still thrusting harder and harder in me. Luke took my mouth in his, moaning in me, making me crazy. Then breaking the embrace, he raised back up to fully be free of pounding me. His rhythm increased and soon all of his dick was coming out of my ass and slapping back in violently. I lost all notion of time and of the sounds I was making. It was so good, and I was so full of this huge dick inside me.

"Pleeease... keep going," I pleaded.

My hand gripped my hard dick and started stroking it. Again, bolts of electricity going wildly through my all body. After only a few strokes I came, shots of cum after shots of cum coming out of me. I was amazed at all the jizz oozing out of me for the second time in a few hours. My ass clenching from the orgasm seemed to push Luke over the edge. I felt his dick go even bigger, stretching me one final time before his explosion. He pulled his dick out and came all over my abs, dick, and balls. I felt ropes of seed landing on me for what seemed like full long minutes. Luke was groaning like a crazy man, still stroking his dick, drying it from the last drops.

He fell on me, exhausted, the puddle of my cum on my torso splashing against his. My hands gently found their place on his back, caressing his muscles, thanking him for that insane sex session. Luke finally rose to his elbows, his dick now resting between my ass cheeks, going soft. He started kissing me and then went down licking our cum off my abs, releasing my legs from his hips, so that I could fully lay on the bed more comfortable. The feeling of his tongue on my raw body was sending new waves of sensations through my nervous system. Once his mouth full, he turned to my face and joined me in a long kiss full of delicious semen.

"Oh my god, welcome to the neighborhood!" was the only thing I could think about.

We both giggled and fell asleep soon after, hugging each other. It was still early morning on a Saturday, and the day was to be full of other surprises.