 ***Myles appears in my Mason series. This story is a part of the "In'DaMan'd" Universe.***

The steady rhythm of the treadmill calmed Myles, it eradicated all of his thoughts and stresses. All he had to do was just keep running forward. Every so often his concentration would falter and Mason would slip into his mind.

He couldn't make sense of his feelings about him, he was definitely attracted to him, they had a brief encounter a few weeks ago but literally everything had changed after that night. Their relationship was no longer the same and Myles doubted that it ever would be. He found that thought to be unbearable. Mentally shaking himself he increased the speed to its highest. His hulking muscular frame pounded the machine. He couldn't face using the gym in the complex he managed so he opted to go to the nearest 24 hour one. 

It was usually quiet at 3 in the morning, he seen the same old faces but was not on speaking terms with anyone. He finished his final burst and decreased his speed slowly. That's when he noticed the guy staring at him through the full length mirrors. Myles stared back sure that the guy would look away now that he had been caught staring but the guy just looked him up and down with a smirk.

"What is that guys problem?" He thought as he took his drink bottle and took a big swig.

He grabbed his towel and walked to the shower room. His body felt like jelly but the rush of endorphin's had kicked in and he felt good. He walked to his locker and removed his shower bag. He pulled the hair tie out of his hair and let his long shoulder length brown hair fall down. He peeled off his lime green singlet and threw it into his locker. He quickly removed his gym shoes, sock and black shorts. He put on some black flip flops and checked his phone. No new messages.

Wrapping his towel around his waist he walked into the empty shower room. It was long and blindingly white, the smell of bleach thick in the air, all the showers were separated by a four foot high tiled wall. He quickly found an empty cubicle and placed his shower gel on the dividing partition. The cool water felt glorious over his aching muscles, soon his hair was stuck to his muscular back. He placed a hand against the wall and let it cascade over him, watching as it swirled around the drain, trying to image the water as his thoughts. 

"Sorry, could I borrow some of your shower gel, I forgot mine." A deep voice asked from behind. 

Myles turned around, it was the guy who kept staring at him, now that he could see him up close he realized that he had seen him on three separate nights this week alone, always watching him but looking away when he was caught, he wondered why tonight he didn't look away. 

"Sure," He said with a lingering stare, he wanted to let him know that he was aware of all the looks he had been receiving. 

"Thanks, the names Cameron by the way." 

"Myles"

Cameron walked into the next cubicle and turned on the shower. 

"So you live around here?" He asked as he wet his short dark hair.

Myles watched him as he lathered in the shampoo, his body was extremely defined and muscular. His whole body was smooth. He placed Cameron to be about 5' 10, a bit shorter than his hulking 6'2. His skin was a bronze color, his facial features were strong and his jaw line chiseled. To Myles he looked like an Arabian Prince. He leaned over quickly and glanced down at his perfectly round bubble butt. The suds cascaded down between his cheeks, foaming in his crack. Myles quickly looked away as Cameron rubbed the shampoo into his arm pit, his bicep bulging.

"Yes I run a building complex a few blocks over."

"Most complexes have their own gyms surely."

"I like this one." He replied sharply, "It's usually quiet."

"Sorry if I am bugging you, I just got into the city last week and haven't had a chance to meet anyone yet."

"It's all good, I just have some stuff on my mind, I use the gym as an escape."

Myles quickly tied up his wet hair in a tie and began to rinse off, he was annoyed with himself for snapping. 

"I hear that," Cameron replied, "If you are not busy would you like to grab a coffee."

"When." He asked turning the knob and slipping back into his black flip flops. He gave himself a quick once over with the towel and stepped out of the cubicle. Cameron was right beside him, dripping wet and naked. Suds were still covering the front of his body.

"Now, if you are free, I really am sorry if I am coming across as annoying, you just seem like a cool guy."

Myles tried his best to keep eye contact but he couldn't help it, he quickly glanced at Cameron's cock. It was more brown then the rest of his body and uncut. His pubes were tightly shaved and his balls hung loose. 

When his eyes darted back up, Cameron had a knowing smirk on his face. 

"So what do you say. Coffee?? I'm buying."

"OK," Myles replied. "I will wait for you in the locker room."

****************************************

He quickly dressed, his long hair still wet in a man bun, he sat on a bench outside the locker room, he knew that he wouldn't be able to resist watching Cameron get dressed so decided to leave in case he got caught looking again. He couldn't find a reason for saying yes to go for a coffee with him. At first Cameron had annoyed him with the staring but now that Myles had spoken briefly to him he couldn't deny that he found him very attractive. 

His mind was just so over the place at the moment that he never even considered or wanted to have coffee with someone other than Mason. The thoughts of Mason and his only sexual encounter often came to him when he found it difficult to sleep. He wasn't sure if it helped him sleep or was the cause of keeping him awake. 

The stirring between his legs that had occurred as he got dressed thinking about Cameron's wet, muscular body surprised him. He couldn't remember the last time he had gotten a boner. Between running the building complex, the investigation into Kash and thinking about Mason, he just hadn't really thought about sex. That in itself showed him how busy and stressed he had been the last few weeks, he usually always thought about sex, he was extremely popular on the hook up apps, with his tall, broad frame, bushy, dark beard and thick flowing locks. He had the lumber jack look perfected. 

Myles had no issue meeting guys, he just never seemed to meet anyone that he considered special. Most guys were intimidated by his look so all he really encountered were diva bitchy twinks or really old cocky men. 

He heard the door to the shower room open and close, he stood up and slung his gym bag over his shoulder. For some reason he found he had butterflies in his stomach. 

Cameron emerged, a relieved smile on his face. Myles couldn't help noticing his perfect white teeth, they seemed to glow against his copper skin. 

"I thought you had bailed." He said walking towards the bench. 

"No, I am not like that, I usually get a coffee after a session anyways." Myles said, surprised at the pitch his voice had taken on. 

"Cool because I don't know anyplace that is open this hour. 

***********************************************

They ended up sitting in a 24 hour fast food joint, it was empty save for a few truck drivers. 

"This coffee is not half bad," Cameron said as he rolled the Styrofoam cup between his hands, "I was expecting it to taste like piss." He added with a slight chuckle. 

Myles didn't responds. He was still wary of sitting with him, he really didn't need the complication in his life right now. 

"So you said that you run a building complex, that sounds interesting." Cameron added to fill up the silence that was slowly starting to become awkward. 

"It has it's good points and bad points like any other job I guess. I get a really decent apartment for cheap and the tenants are either very old or young families, I don't have to deal with much hassle on that front. What do you do?"

"Hmm that's a good question, I hated my last job so I quit and traveled the world for a few years, same old story that everyone has. Now I am back and just wanted another fresh start so moved to the city. I work in an office selling insurance and frankly I fucking hate it." 

As he spoke Myles looked him up and down, when he emerged from the shower room back at the gym his breath caught in his throat. Cameron was wearing a tight fitting grey sweat pants with matching hoodie, it was sleeveless and he had the zip open half way down, exposing his flawless skin and guns. He felt self conscious compared to the red checkered shirt he wore over a white singlet with denim shorts and flip flops.

"So what do you do for fun Myles, any good clubs you could point me in the direction off."

"Depends really, I don't really do the club scene, what area are you living in." Myles said, hoping this conversation would take a different turn, he didn't really want to divulge what he had been doing in his spare time as of late. 

"I am staying on my friends couch, just until I get myself sorted. I really want to move close to my job, but for now the bus will have to do. I am struggling to meet people, I am not usually like this but it's been years since I had to go out and mingle on my own, I don't even know what the young people do these days."

"Young people! What age are you? You are talking like you are over the hill or something."

"I am 29," He replied with a smirk, "And I guess you're right. I just seem to be much more mature than most guys I meet, don't get me wrong I have lots of fun but I just want something more right now, you know what I mean."

Myles sighed and before he could stop himself replied. "More than you know."

Cameron looked at his watch. 

"I don't have work later so if you wanted I am free now if you want to chat."

"No." Myles snapped before checking himself , "Thank you though, it seems that all I do is think about things and right now I just want to enjoy my coffee."

"I understand. Would you like another? I'm still buying." His dark eyebrow shot up in a playful manner. 

Myles swirled his cup around before draining it. 

"Sure, I have don't have work later either. 

**********************************

They spoke until the diner filled up with businessmen and women on their way to work, the sun reflecting brightly off the glass of the high rise buildings surrounding them. The road was packed with delivery trucks doing their rounds. Myles found himself loosening up around Cameron as the conversation wore on, he did it best to keep it trivial but had to confess that he was having man trouble lately and left it at that. Cameron really was a surprise to him, he had a really friendly personality, was easy to talk to and just came across as a really decent man . Myles found from past experiences, that those qualities were getting harder and harder to find these days. 

"It also doesn't hurt that he looks fucking amazing. " Myles thought to himself, feeling a strange sensation in his stomach. 

"I better head back to the gym, I know which bus to catch from there." Cameron said quietly, an expectant look burned in his eyes.

Myles hesitated, he knew he was attracted to Cameron but he just didn't know if he could deal with it all right now. 

"Well, it was really great to meet you Cameron." He said turning towards him, he seen his shoulders sag a little. The stirring in his stomach made a knee jerk reaction for him. "If you want you can come to my place, I can make us some breakfast, I am not a chef or anything but it will no doubt be healthier than that place."

A huge grin spread across Cameron's face. 

"Lead the way."

**************************

They walked the three blocks to the building complex quickly, the sun was now starting to get warm. Myles could once again feel Cameron's eyes on him as they walked. His mind began to race and his mouth began to get dry. He could no longer deny that he was horny. 

"Wow this place is beautiful." Cameron exclaimed as they walked up the driveway and he took in the impressive, well tended front lawn. The front of the building looked very modern with its darkly tinted windows. 

"Yes I love location, its way better than some of the other places I have lived in."

"I bet, my friend's couch is nice and all, but the area is not the best, just too far away from everything. Living here would be ideal."

"Well, just keep an eye on the listings online, I'm sure something will come up in this area eventually, this area is very popular though."

"Even if I have a mate looking out for me." He said with a playful shove. 

"Only so much I can do," Myles replied, taken aback. 

Myles pulled open the heavy front door, a waft of cleaning chemicals greeted him. He seen the cleaner just as Cameron closed the door behind them.

"Hey Peter how are you?" Myles said.

"Fine as always, I haven't seen you around that much, you been OK?"

'Yes just had some stuff to do in the city."

"I have locked Mason's apartment, the cops have finished with it they told me, his housemate has already moved out. He gave me his keys, I put them in your lock box. Not sure if you wanted me to clean it or wait a while."

"Thanks Peter," He said quickly, desperate to get him to shut up."I will add that apartment to your roster once I know what is happening, have a good day."

He walked off without waiting for a reply. 

"Cops? Was someone murdered here." Cameron asked with half seriousness. 

"No just a break in, personal I think. I promise it's usually a very save complex." He quickly picked up all the correspondence and messages he had missed while on the hunt for Kash. They were stored in a lock box that hung from his apartment door. He unlocked it and walked ahead, praying that it was clean and not musty. 

"I have not been here in a few days so forgive the mess."

"What mess? This place is a freaking palace." He said setting down his gym bag and walking to the kitchen area. 

Myles walked to the giant window and threw back the heavy drapes, he cracked the window slightly.

"Help yourself to a drink or shake from the fridge." He called out. 

"Thanks," Came the reply from right behind him. 

Myles slowly turned around, startled by the close proximity of the reply. Cameron was standing there, a knowing grin on his face, his hand shot up and grabbed the back of Myles' head. He pulled him into a deep passionate kiss. 

Myles was shocked, he couldn't believe the brazenness of him, after a few seconds he found himself getting turned on by the confidence of Cameron.

"I'm sorry it's just that I wanted to do that since I first saw you." Cameron said pulling away. 

Myles grabbed his bicep with one hand and with his other planted his splayed palm against his chunky ass and pulled him closer, taking a deep breath through his nose. drinking in the smell of shampoo and sweat from the walk home. He looked into Cameron's brown eyes briefly before planting a sloppy kiss on his full lips. 

Cameron responded in kind, kissing deeply, his hand running up Myles' back. He pushed him back against the window, the sun now shining full force behind him. Their tongues were lapping against each other, deep manly moans emanating from them both. 

Myles squeezed Cameron's ass forcefully, each hand cupping a buttock, pulling his hips to his own. Lust had completely consumed him, he was surprised at how quickly he wanted to devour this man, who until a few hours ago he only knew existed as a guy who kept staring at him. As Cameron continued to probe his mouth with his tongue he realized fully, how much he actually missed the contact of another man. 

He slowly moved his hands from Cameron's ass and snaked them slowly up his lower back, pulling the elasticized waistband of his grey sweat pants down, putting his hands on his fleshy cheeks. The smoothness ignited a fire in Myles, his kissing and moaning became more feral. He placed his two fingers between Cameron's crack and found his tight entrance. He slowly pressed against it and moved in a circular motion. 

Cameron's breath caught, their lips remained clasped together, he was practically panting into his Myles' mouth. 

"Fuck!" He whispered. 

Myles didn't wait for any more words, he began to slowly lick Cameron's lips, placing quick, gentle kisses as he traced his jaw line back to his ears. He playfully nibbled on his lobe, taking in his manly scent. Cameron's asshole was moving in and out against the pads of his fingers. 

Cameron's face was now between Myles' broad shoulder and neck, he traced the outline of his neck tattoo with his lips. His eyes closed tightly, all of his focus was on the pleasure he was getting from having his asshole massaged. He couldn't believe he was fooling around with the guy he fancied from the gym. He pulled his body away slowly, his erection protruding against the fabric of his sweat pants. He looked Myles in the eyes and smiled. 

Myles smiled back, resting his fore head against his, his fingers moving away from his hoop and slowly around to his front, he grabbed Cameron's erection through the pants.

"Damn," He muttered, "Someone came to play." 

Cameron bit his lower lip and smirked before slowly sinking to his knees. He quickly pulled down Myles' denim shorts, he was wearing black speedo briefs. The curve of his cock extended nearly to his waistband. Myles tossed his head back as Cameron slowly began to rub his member. Cameron planted his face against the underwear, using his lips to stroke the shaft, Myles' sweaty scent was driving him mad. 

He pulled the fabric across, Myles' cock sprang out. Cameron grabbed it in a firm grip, he looked at it in all its glory. At the head of his cock was a dark brown helmet, the shaft was thick and less brown, his ball sack had contracted, extenuating his big bollocks. Cameron pulled Myles' shorts down to his ankles. He hadn't appreciated how thick his thighs were until he viewed them up close. He ran both hands along them before he spat on the dick. Myles tilted his head back against the window. Cameron slowly wrapped his full lips around the tip, sucking it gently. His tongue was fanning the piss slit, spreading the pre cum all around the eye. Savoring the salty taste.

He chanced a look up at Myles. He was rubbing his pecks as he returned the stare. Eagerness and anticipation etched across his face. Cameron smirked up at him before taking all of his shaft, Myles' helmet glided across the roof of his mouth before hitting the back of his throat. He wasn't used to sucking a dick this thick. He took it back out and began to jerk it with his hand, spitting constantly to get it well oiled before he attempted to swallow it again. 

"Fucking hell." Myles moaned, placing a hand on the back of Cameron's head and guiding him back to his cock. 

He continued to jerk the shaft, pulling more and more of him into his mouth with every downward thrust. He went all the way to the base and exhaled, his jaw was beginning to hurt but there was no way he was finished. He slowly extended his tongue and lightly lapped at Myles' ball sack. They gave a little jolt at the sensation. 

Cameron reached inside of his pants and began to stroke his own cock. Myles was forcing more of his prick down his throat now. He reached around and grabbed Myles' beefy ass, digging his fingers in to the fleshy mound, before he spanked it. The loud smack resonated in the air.

Myles looked down at Cameron bobbing up and down his cock, he couldn't believe this was happening. The last time he had gotten head was off of Mason, he mentally shook himself and focused on the present. Cameron had brilliant oral skills, if his dick wasn't in his mouth, he was either kissing, licking or spitting on it. 

"Yes, make that fucker sloppy." He moaned as he rubbed his nipples through his singlet.
