 Hey guys. This is a story containing mpreg, fantasy creatures, cross-dressing, and more. You can suggest more tags, and such. There's some guys with pussies and tits. If you don't like it, don't read it. 

______________________________

It was fall of 2500. In a city called Colt, on a planet much like earth, except the size of the sun, orbiting a much larger sun than theirs, there was an apartment complex. This apartment complex housed aliens and humans alike. The system was simple: because the universe was getting more crowded as time went on, it would be wise to start compressing living quarters. People were condensed into apartments, where they would live with one other group. Families, unless small, or requested, did not group together, so living conditions remained more spacious. In the apartment complex, on the top floor, a very nice apartment, a man was moving in. Well, not exactly a man. He was a shapeshifter, but was bound by identity laws. He had to keep his face, but could change its tone to fit the body. Fingerprints were to remain. Any breakage of these laws would end badly for the criminal. But anyway, the man was moving in. He had no idea who his roommate was to be, but he knew it'd be a guy. The man watched as movers brought in a couch and a coffee table, and his TV, DVR, and x box. He had on a pair of jeans, which grabbed tightly to his thin white body hair. He had socks and shoes on, and a plain white t shirt that hugged his enormous muscles and positively huge chest and six pack. His thick, flat-white hair brushed forward into a cowlick. On the back of his head, his thick hair ended at his jaw, and a one-inch-wide stripe of the same thick white hair trailed down his spine to a 3 foot long white tail, which reflected light like Ikea furniture. His soft cock bulged enormously from the extremely skinny denim. His big, round ass hid an extremely tight asshole. He sat down on the couch, his tail subconsciously folding up into his asshole. He let out a sigh as it stopped moving. He relaxed as his tail probed his asshole. 

Suddenly, there was the sound of a door closing. The man stood up and walked into the main studio room, combining all of the elements: A dinner table, suited for 4. A couch and two chairs, separated by a coffee table, surrounding a fireplace with a mantelpiece, and above the mantelpiece was a huge TV. The man turned his head to the door to look at his new roommate, who was bent over next to the door. From the looks of it, the system had messed up: The man saw cleanly shaved legs, petit feet, and a big, pregnant belly complimented by enormous tits, covered by a sky blue dress that was so short that the man caught a glimpse of bright, neon hot pink between his roommate's legs. As the beautiful body stood up, still faced away, the man saw short hair, brown with dark blond streaks spiraling around the center of the back of 'her' head. This one was obviously a boy, but he was pregnant and had some of the largest tits he'd ever seen, looking about size G or H. He turned, and the man's face melted as he viewed the soft, plush face and deep blue eyes. The boy waddled over to him. He moved in for a hug, awkwardly around his enormously pregnant stomach.

"Hi, I'm Quentin. I'm your new roommate. You are?" I said, pulling away from the awkward hug. The man gawked at my body for a moment before saying back,

"Um... Hi. I'm... AJ." AJ said back. He gawked at my body.

"You're very, um..." He trailed off, still staring.

"Pregnant?" I said, and we both chuckled a little. I had broken the tension.

"Yeah... um... How long?" AJ said, stammering.

"A month until my due date, and then I'll finally have these two little girls" I said, rubbing my belly as I sat down, sighing at the weight of my stomach.

"So... um... how did that happen?" AJ said, confused.

"It's a new development. They basically put genes up me that make me impregnable. Keeps the human race going. I'm also able to do stuff like change my shape and size to accommodate other reproductive systems that impregnate me. I'm compatible with all types of creatures." I say, a little confused myself.

"Oh." AJ said, figuring it out in his head.

"So, how do you like Colt?" I said. 

"Oh, I like it. Lots of entertainment, and my job here is stable and I make money and stuff. So life turns out okay for me." AJ mused. He sat across from me in a chair. I noticed him lean on his elbows, which sat on his knees. His eyes drifted between my legs. I didn't do anything about it.

"Well, I hope you have a good time here." I said.

"Yeah, thanks, I hope so too." He said, still looking at my bright pink panties. Placing both my hands on my enormous stomach, I focused my energy. I felt my loins get hot as I pushed my testicles to produce more sperm. My panties bulged until my nuts were the size of grapefruits. They popped my panties, ripping the fabric between my testicles and my asshole. He gasped, and I saw his tentacle pop out behind him. I gasped. 

"Hey, little guy!" I said, and, as if it heard me, it stretched itself and shot through the air toward me. AJ had a slight look of pain on his face as it shot between my legs. His tail pushed into my asshole, and I moaned as I said,

"Well, you're very friendly!" I gasped as it widened itself and stretched my asshole. AJ's look of pain changed to one of pleasure, but stopped himself. He retracted it, pulling it to its original length and draping it over the edge of the couch between his legs. AJ apologized, and I stopped him.

"No trouble. So you're a Geist Master, I suppose?"

"Nah, I'm a shifter." He said.

"Oh. Cool." I responded. I continued, moving the conversation,

"I have to get out of this dress. It's really tight, I need something a little more comfortable." I said. I tried to stand up, but failed. AJ stood up and walked up to me, holding out his hand. I took it and stood up, stabilizing myself on him. I thanked AJ and stepped into my room. I peeled off the dress, looking at myself in the mirror. I found some boxers and put them on, clashing with the black cup bra laced with pink edges. I put on the fluffy red bathrobe over my bra and black and pink boxers, and stepped back out. I sat next to him on the couch. He looked at my body as I sat down. 

"So, Quentin... Who's the, um... father?" He asked, turning to me.

"Oh, his name was Kyle. He left me for some whore at a strip club. I stayed oblivious to it because of how nice he was to me, how good he was... how soft his hands were when he rubbed my belly..." I trailed off.

"Well, I bet I could beat the jerk.... You want to try me?" AJ said.

"I don't think that'd be a good- oh, yeah you're definitely better at belly rubs...." I trailed off, interjected by his soft hands running up and down my stomach. He pushed a hand between the folds of my bathrobe, touching my bare skin. As he moved his magical hands, I decided to take my bathrobe off. He basked in the glory of my mostly naked body, softly stroking the huge arc of my stomach. I moaned a little.

"So, a guy as handsome as you has got to have a girlfriend, right? She must want to murder you right now..." I said, sighing. 

"Nah, I broke up with my last boyfriend a year ago..." He said, pulling closer to me.

"So he won't mind when I do this..." He whispered as he kissed me. I didn't resist, feeling his tongue probe my mouth. I let out a little moan as he unhooked my bra. We continued to kiss as he caressed my tits, squeezing them. I pulled off his shirt in one swift movement, revealing bigger than enormous biceps, tight, humongous pecs, and pronounced eight-pack abs. I pulled off his jeans, revealing an enormous, enormous bulge in his briefs. I pulled off my boxers, followed by his briefs. I put him down on the couch, having him lie there as I straddled his face. I leaned forward, placing my huge stomach on his pecs. I pumped a 12" soft, incredibly wide cock between his legs that seemed big for a horse. I grunted as my genetics adjusted my guts to accommodate the behemoth. I sucked on the slightly pointed tip, transferring my sperm energy from earlier to him, adding extra for effect. His scrotum swelled to the size of a cantaloupe. AJ moaned as his cock hardened. I pumped it with my hands, feeling my throat still pre-adjusting. Fully hard, his cock stood a proud 2' and 6" in girth. I put it in my mouth, sucking on his tip as I forced him into my mouth. I choked on his cock, feeling my throat make the final adjustments. The result was a huge throat cavity that could take his cock with ease. I pushed him into my mouth further. Soon I choked on his cock, the whole thing deep inside my throat. He moaned louder. AJ pulled my hips down, sticking his tongue up to my asshole. He licked with verve, moistening the whole thing. As I moaned and bucked my hips, my cock hardened. He took it in his mouth, sucking me. AJ practically sucked the cum out of my scrotum. I came into his mouth, and he swallowed it all. 

I finally got up, pulling him up with me. I sat on all fours, displaying my asshole to his waiting horse cock. AJ wasted no time, pushing his cock head up to my moist asshole. He plunged, causing me to squeal with pleasure. He started to thrust, getting faster with each one. Soon he pumped in and out of me, faster and faster. His tentacle probed my cock and balls, and had me spurting again. AJ heated up, hardening. I felt the babies kick as AJ released gallons of sperm into me. My ass barely closed before cum started to leak out. The babies kicked again, approving of their new father figure.

"That was fun. You want to do it again?" He said.

"Fuck yes." I said. I held his hand and guided him to my bedroom.

_______________________________________

So that's the first part of THIS possible series. Leave comments, questions, and suggestions as to what I should do next or about the characters. 