 I turned around in the bed, half asleep. I had dozed out after sex, exhausted from my morning jog and two hours of messing around with Luke. I realized I was alone in bed, my torso still sticky from our drying cum.

I heard the shower going. I stepped off the bed and went to the bathroom. My ass was sore from the pounding Luke just graced me with. His dick was so long and thick, my hole was still stretched out, trying to readjust, but I was so delighted.

As I went through the doorway, Luke greeted me, "Hey, you woke up!"

"Was I out for long?"

"Just a few minutes I guess, I decided to shower, I have errands to run, otherwise I will still not have a bed to sleep in tonight," he said.

"You can always crash here," I winked as I bent down. I grabbed at his boxer shorts still laying on the ground from earlier. I turned it around to find the crotch area and started sniffing it. Still, this soft fresh smell of body wash and just a tint of sweet sweat.

"Wanna join me?" Luke asked.

He was starting to stroke his dick watching me playing with his underwear.

"I thought you were in a hurry," I laughed.

I joined him and washed each other quickly.

As we dressed, I lent him a short because the day was starting to get boiling. It was sports shorts, loose enough to be revealing of his bulge. He had to go to the furniture store to buy a bed among other things. His newly rented apartment was empty. I offered to tag along as I had no plans for the day. I also had on my mind that this moment we were sharing was so magical. Not often do you really click with someone else like I felt we did. It was easy going from the start, sharing personal stuff, small fetishes, and being so compatible sexually.

We were in the furniture store for a long time. Luke ordered a few things to be delivered, but we had to take the mattress right now and were now browsing for anything small and useful, in a shopping frenzy.

The store was getting empty, everyone went for lunch. In a calm alley, Luke turned to me and stretched, extending his arms high above his head. This movement raised his t-shirt, revealing the V shape on each side of his abs and the happy trail going down. The waistband of his boxer shorts grabbed my attention once again.

"I'm getting hungry, aren't you?" he asked.

"I have my eyes on a snack I'd like to eat." I joked.

I got closer and kissed him, my hand going for his abs, caressing his soft warm skin.

He pushed me against the opposite shelf, reciprocating the kiss.

We heard footsteps coming up after a few minutes, and let go of each other. He turned his back to me and the customer entering the alley and appeared to be rearranging his dick. As he turned back to me, I saw that he had to tuck his dick in his waistband to try to hide his massive boner.

"Ready to go? How about I buy you some lunch for all your help today?" he asked.

"Sounds good!"

We finished the shopping, loaded Luke's car and went eating.

Back to the car, he started driving us back home. Still flirting, I put my hand on his knee, moving slowly up and down his thigh, talking about anything and everything.

"You little tease! You know you're turning me on, don't you?"

"Oh, I do? It was never my intention!" I joked.

My hand finally made its way up to his thigh and seized his growing penis. I lightly squeezed a few times, trying to have him fully erect. Yes, I was a tease and yes I loved to have his big dick nested in the palm of my hand.

"You know you're gonna have to do something about it this time?" he said, almost begging.

I tugged on his shorts, lowering them to his knees more or less, with a little help from him raising his ass. His boxer shorts did not move. But it was all for my pleasure.

I unbuttoned the fly, grabbed his dick and pulled all 8 inches free. I started stroking it slowly. We were going to enter the highway in a few minutes and I thought it would be better to suck him there. Less visibility from the other cars I thought.

As soon as we were on the ramp I plunged and took his head in my mouth. All those successive repressed hard-ons had his tip coated in precum. I licked it all clean.

Luke was grunting.

"Oh my god! That turns me on so much. Go for it, it's gonna be quick I think. Oh shit, this guy just saw us!"

I felt him push the pedal to the metal, probably to get away from the guy who spotted me sucking his dick.

The acceleration pushed me backward, forcing a few more inches of his cock in my mouth. I focused on sucking more than bobbing my head up and down, being limited in my movement. I tried to create a tight vacuum in my mouth, playing with his slit with my tongue. One of his hands left the steering wheel to position itself on my nape, pushing me down a few more inches.

My hand went up to the leg of his boxer shorts, to find his balls and massage them.

His moans went from soft and barely audible through the sound of the engine and the other cars, to frankly loud.

Finally, after around ten minutes of sucking, I felt his tip go even bigger and start to pulse on my tongue. The first streams of semen finally landed in my mouth. My position was not the best for swallowing but there was no better option. I took small gulps, trying to keep up with all the amount coming out of his dick. His hand on my nape contracted and then let loose.

I made sure his dick was clean and dry of any remnants of cum before raising back up.

"Oh god, I never knew public sex was such a turn on!" he gasped.

As I laughed, I put his softening cock back through his fly, buttoned it, and patted it. He jiggled on his seat while pulling his shorts up.

We were almost home, so I had to be content with a soft thigh massage and his promise to return the favor once we unloaded the mattress to his flat.

"We will have to baptize my new place, you know," he winked at me.

As we installed the heavy mattress on the floor of his new bedroom, at last, we were exhausted and covered in sweat.

He took his shirt off and mopped his face, torso, and armpits. And there we went again, I felt my shaft starting to wake up. He saw my excitement building up, and dropped his shorts to the floor, along with his underwear. He was standing fully naked in front of me, glistening in sweat, smiling. He then fell backward, landing on his newly bought mattress.

"Grab that box back there," he gestured toward the corner of the bedroom.

I picked the box from the floor. It was small and labeled "personal stuff - bedroom".

I reached the foot of the mattress, just in front of Luke, threw the box above his head, and jumped on top of him.

He quickly took my shirt off and proceeded to fully undress me. Both naked, we embraced and kissed for a long time. We were both tired from carrying that huge mattress and it was a good recovery to just relax entangled together.

"I want you to fuck me," he announced finally.

As he said so, he pushed me to the side and rolled on his stomach. I got closer and started to side cuddle, kissing his shoulder. My hand toyed with his ass, pinching his plump cheeks. That bum was killer, and I was eager to ride it.

I rose and got down to give the ripe ass my full attention. I kissed his lower back, licking little sweat beads. I went down to the cheeks and petted them. I bit them lightly until Luke seemed fully aroused.

He opened the box I had thrown above him, grabbed the lube and gave it to me. I brought him to his knees and elbows to fully open access to his hole. He complied happily.

"I need your dick, no need for too much preparation," he pleaded.

Indeed, his hole was visibly pulsating, screaming for my shaft. I quickly ran a bit of lube on the length of it and positioned the tip of my dick on his opening, with little pressure. As I pushed a bit, Luke exhaled strongly, backing his ass toward me. The whole tip was engulfed in this one move. The little preparation and lube made me feel so tight. He grunted loudly with pleasure. I pushed every inch down his butt, both of us moaning in unison.

Finally, I was plunged in him balls deep in a last thrust. Damn, he was hot and horny. My pubes were brushing against his plump ass. I wiggled to adjust, causing him to grunt.

"Oh yes, fuck me!" he begged.

I went out a bit, and then back in, in soft short motions. He was so eager to be fucked and my dick seemed perfectly at home balls deep in his ass.

I grabbed his shoulders, motioning him to straighten up. As his back joined my torso, he leaned his face to the side, having caught my intention. I kissed his lips fiercely, sucking on his lips and tongue.

He broke free to moan. I nibbled on his earlobe while caressing his pecs and hard nipples with both of my hands.

"Fuck yes, pound me," he whispered. He then freed himself from my embrace and went back to his elbows.

Answering his pleading, I started increasing the speed of my movements. Soon I was pulling almost all of my 7,5" in and out of his ass.

He arched his back, planting his face on the mattress to mute his screams of pleasure. Wanting always more, I felt him push his ass to me in rhythm to my pounding.

"Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! I'm gonna cum on my fucking new mattress" he screamed.

Reacting to his call, I plunged my hands and made a cup of them under his dick. Neither he nor I touched it this all time, but suddenly, he came in my hands, pumping streams after streams of semen on my palms.

Luke extended one hand to finish drying his cock. As he did so I brought my hands back to me and licked all the cum off while still pumping my own shaft up his butt intensely. Tasting him threw me over the edge and I came in his ass soon after. I flooded his rectum and kept moving slowly in the wetness until my cock started softening.

I saw a towel laying on the floor in the corner, so I went and grabbed it. I went back to the bed and positioned the towel and motioned Luke to lay on his back on it. His hole was leaking my cum heavily and the stream kept on coming. I laid by his side and joined him in a long passionate kiss while fingering his ass gently to relax it after the pounding and releasing all the semen. We stayed that way, moaning and enjoying each other for a while.