 Read the first part of the story here... 

http://www.literotica.com/s/new-roommate-3

*****

Nathan entered the bathroom, feeling a combination of embarrassment, surprise and relief. It wasn't ideal to be caught wanking by your new roommate but the result was unexpected. There had been many rumours about Jay's successful pursuit of the girls on campus and Nathan hadn't been sure about being his roommate on this football trip. But that changed pretty quickly when he felt Jay's warm mouth descend on his throbbing cock. 

Now he stood in the bathroom wondering what to do next. His new roommate Jay, who Nathan was sure had been straight had helped himself to a massive load which Nathan had been saving for his regular roommate Brendan. He decided to shower and see what opportunity arose.

Nathan turned on the water and stepped into the shower. Although he'd cum only minutes ago he was starting to feel the stirring of his desires return. While he soaped up his junk he thought about Jay suggestively dropping the towel after his shower. The size of his dick was unexpected and Nathan felt sure that Jay wanted the favor to be returned. With this in mind he quickly cleaned himself, freshened up and dried off, ready to venture back into the room and see what he found in his roomie's bed. 

Wrapping the towel around his waist, Nathan opened the door slowly. He looked over to his roommate's bed and saw him on his back, lying still under the blanket. Disappointed, Nathan edged his way into the room, his slowly rising erection diminishing as he headed to his own bed. As he walked he saw his roomie rolling over on the bed, turning towards him. What he saw made the blood return and his towel rise. The tent Jay was creating with the thin blanket on the bed was clear and impressive. He sat on the edge of the bed wondering if he should make a move. Was Jay really asleep? Was him rolling over an invitation?

As if in reply Jay rolled over further and the blanket dropped away from his enlarged cock. What he saw made him want to jump off the bed immediately. Jay was displaying his cock in all its glory. His low-hanging, hairless balls sat heavily between his legs made powerful by football training. A thick vein ran from his neatly trimmed pubic hair up the middle of his thick shaft to where his foreskin rolled back, neatly elevating the big mushroom head sitting on top. 

Nathan slowly lifted himself off his bed and moved over as Jay lay on his back with his thick member standing proudly, clearly waiting for some attention. As he knelt beside the bed he moistened his lips. His tongue slowly, but eagerly, worked its way from Jay's smooth balls up his shaft until he took his swollen head in his mouth. In his sleep Jay let out a soft moan. Although he was experienced with his other friend Brendan's dick Jay's head was bigger and he could feel his jaw muscles working as he closed his eyes and worked his mouth up and down and this new piece of tasty meat. 

Just as he was thinking he couldn't take much more of this thick cock in his mouth he felt a hand on the back of his head. This was going to be a new experience for Nathan. He was used to being the one in charge when playing with Brendan and was nervous about being dominated by Jay. 

His anxiousness melted away as Jay lifted his head off his cock. Nathan looked up at him and saw a contended smile on his face. 

"Well that was surprising," Jay said. 

"Huh?" Nathan wasn't sure what he was referring to. 

"I didn't expect to take my hint so keenly," Jay replied. "My other roommates are receivers only." 

"Well what I received deserved repayment. I'm a gentleman," both boys laughed, easing some of the increasing tension. 

"That also surprised me. I didn't expect you to be so experienced. You sucked my cock like a pro, man. Other boys, and plenty of girls, can't handle it." 

The boys talked about their experience. Nathan revealed his past with Brendan and Jay, although he didn't name names, made it clear that Nathan wasn't the first player on the team to receive the particular treatment that had welcomed him today. 

"So do you want to finish what you started?" Jay asked. The conversation had flowed so easily but there was no hiding the fact that Jay was still sporting a massive, now dripping erection. 

Nathan didn't need to be asked twice and he pushed Jay back down onto the bed. He decided he was going to take his time and enjoy it. Brendan was more of a blow and go man but it was clear that Jay enjoyed the pleasure as much as he needed the release. Jay lay back and Nathan's tongue found it's way back to his smooth balls. He savored their smoothness and slowly explored their surface, occasionally taking one in his mouth and rolling it around with his tongue. 

Nathan felt Jay relax more and more as his tongue explored his sack and his hands rubbed his firm chest and strong legs. He again traced his tongue up Jay's throbbing vein to his slit, this time dripping with pre-cum. He licked it slowly, savoring the first taste of his new discovery.

The shudder that coursed through Jay's body was a sure sign that Nathan was unlikely to have a mouthful for long before he had completed his task. He eagerly took the bulging head into his mouth and began exploring its sensitive surface. He felt Jay tense up with the new pleasure he felt and Nathan felt Jay's hand placing gentle pressure on the back of his head.

That was all the hint Nathan needed and before long his head was bobbing with increasing speed on Jay's ample pole. His hands began to rub his strong legs and as he worked his way between his legs he felt Jay's legs slowly spread apart. 

As the speed of Nathan's mouth on Jay's cock increased so did Jay's breathing. It was clear that Jay was close to releasing his load into Nathan's mouth but without a doubt Nathan knew that Jay wanted a little something else before his climax was reached and his pleasure concluded. Nathan slowly crept his hand between his legs and down into Jay's most private area. He heard Jay's breath catch as Nathan's fingers neared his hole and knew that was the invitation. He found the spot and teased, rubbing his puckered boy pussy to gauge Jay's reaction. 

An intense shudder raged through Jay's body and Nathan knew he was on the right track. He felt Jay's balls ascend, knowing that before too long he'd be swallowing yet another football player's load. But he paused for a moment, knowing the action that would send Jay over the edge but unsure of whether Jay was prepared to have that line crossed. 

As if reading his mind Jay stroked a hand through Nathan's hair and whispered somewhat desperately, "Do it."

Without any further hesitation Nathan renewed the vigor with which he had been sucking Jay's cock, eager to finish the job. As he did this his finger gently slipped inside his new roommate and Nathan enjoyed the warmth and tightness that welcomed him. 

Nathan worked a steady rhythm with his mouth and finger and felt the goose flesh rise, knowing this was it. This was the third football player at his college he'd be swallowing. 

Jay's breathing increased and his body tensed. Nathan felt his hole clench around his finger and responding by pushing it further, deeper, hitting Jay's pleasure spot every time. 

He opened his mouth and took as much of Jay's throbbing member as he could, and although he was close to gagging he enjoyed the feeling of it hitting the back of his throat. 

The low moan let out by Jay, previously keeping quiet, was a clear indication that he liked it too and with one last thrust of his fingers Nathan sent Jay past the point of no return.

"Oh shit! I'm fucking cumming!" Jay screamed as he grabbed the back of Nathan's bobbing head.

Nathan prepared himself just in time, as shot after shot of Jay's hot cum fired down his throat. Nathan continued to swallow but Jay's bucking body kept releasing more and more man juice for him. He was impressed at the huge quantity that Jay had produced for him and struggling to take it all down but he didn't want to disappoint on his first time. He kept sucking until there was nothing left and Jay's exhausted hand tapped him on the shoulder. 

Nathan slowly raised his head off Jay's slowly diminishing hard on.

"Oh. My. God," Jay said between gasps. "That was so much better than I expected."

Nathan lay on the bed beside his spent roommate, "I'm glad I could return the favor."

"I really didn't think you'd be better than Brendan," Jay said as he rolled over and fell asleep.

Shocked by Jay's revelation, Nathan headed back to his bed.

How could he not have known that his previous roommate and best friend Brendan had hooked up with Jay? 

As he lay on his bed he picked up his cell phone and saw a message from Brendan. It read, "How good does Jay taste? See you tomorrow night buddy."

Nathan had a feeling this weekend was going to be his best football trip of them all.