 Chapter 01: The Wrong Club 

Mistakes can sometimes lead to the biggest changes. I know that my life would be far different if I had gone to the right club, that first weekend in town. 

I had just moved to the Boston area, and the only people I'd met so far were my coworkers. It was one of those coworkers who told me about a concert that sounded like a good time. We made plans to meet at the club, so there was something fun to look forward to.

It was a funk show, so I thought I'd wear my tight jeans and a button-up shirt. I was wearing a silk thong underwear that wouldn't show through the jeans. I was freshly shaved (all over), and looking my best. Had a quick bong hit, and ran out to catch a cab.

Told the cabbie where I was going. He gave me a strange look, but knew exactly where to go. It was actually closer to my apartment than I had thought, which certainly explained the look. I gave him a big tip, and walked over to the club. A bouncer checked my ID, and let me in...

The club was darker than I'd thought, and had dance music playing. There were stairs towards the back, so I figured I was just the lounge. I thought it would be the best place to look out for my new friends.

Walking over to the bar, I noticed that there were mostly men, but there was a really hot show going on at the other end of the bar that attracted their attention. There was a guy and girl, 'dancing' on a small stage with a stripper pole in the middle. They were both so tall, thin, and muscular, and writhing all over each other. They were twisting together, and looking as if they were going to kiss, but never did. The man kept running his hands all over her body, pressing her to him, and she wound herself around him, as if she wanted him inside her. It was so hypnotic that I didn't even notice the bartender trying to get my attention.

A big guy next to me tapped my shoulder, snapping me out of my trance. He asked me if I wanted a drink...Even though I had missed my chance, he knew the bartender. I told him what I like, and he had it for me in seconds. When I tried to pay, he told me that I was too cute to pay.

That really caught me off guard. I have always lived in cities, and knew plenty of gay people, but had never had another guy flirt with me so obviously. I said thanks for the drink, and joked that I thought he looked pretty good too. He just smiled, and I took a quick pull on my drink to stop myself from talking.

I don't know what made me say that...I'd never complimented another man like that, but after I said it I realized how true it was. He was a few inches taller than my six feet, and built like a model...big arms and chest, but not overdeveloped. What really struck me was his perfect ebony skin. It almost glowed. I could have sworn that he had stepped out of my favorite interracial bi porn.

I was always into bisexual porn, but had never actually been with another man. In fact, I'd always had a girlfriend, for as long as I could remember, and always faithful. Some were kind of kinky, maybe the type that would finger my butt, but aside from one ex who had a very adventurous tongue, my real sex life was pretty vanilla. I wasn't really thinking about doing anything with this guy, but I had a strong reaction that I just couldn't explain.

Anyway, he told me his name was Keon, and I found out quickly that he was very talkative. Apparently, we were into a lot of the same music, and he was happy to tell me about all the great places around the neighborhood that I'd want to check out. Keon seemed like the kind of person I'd want to hang out with, so it was inordinately important to me that he think I was cool...At the same time, I was trying to figure out how to gracefully get out of the situation without him thinking I didn't like him. 

He was a regular at the club, and thought it was weird to see a new guy on a Friday night. He said that some other place was best for Fridays, but he lived almost next door to this one. I told him that I was there for the concert downstairs. He started laughing, and told me that I must have the wrong place...The only thing going on downstairs was dancing, but they had the same DJ every Friday night. 

I was confused...Between the near-'sex act' on stage, and some of the outfits people were wearing, I realized that I must be at some sort of kink club. Not the sort of place anyone would be a regular at. Suddenly it hit me that the two women there didn't really seem 'into' the guys they were with. A closer look at the couple on stage revealed that what I thought was a woman was simply a very androgynous boy. The pieces all fell into place, penetrating my slightly stoned haze, and I finally realized it was a gay club!?

How could I have made this mistake...and how can I explain to Keon without sounding like an idiot? Was a new friend worth the potential embarrassment? Should I just hang out, and play it off with some conversation? 

Keon was cool with my being straight, and seemed to be having as good a time as I was. I had already missed my coworkers going to the show, so I was on my own anyway. He promised to make sure that I had a great time without them. I figured I'd have a drink or two, and then just go home to puff and Skype some friends from back home.

Keon talked about partying, and asked if I liked to roll...I figured he meant 'joints', so of course I said yes. He told me about some excellent stuff that he wanted to share, and I eagerly agreed, figuring we'd get stoned after a few drinks. Speaking of, he got my order for another, and went to grab it...I got distracted by the stage show again while I waited, but it seemed much different now that I knew what was actually going on.

He came back with our drinks, and told me he wanted to give me the tour of the place. He joked that he'd have to tear me away from the show so I could see what else might intrigue me.

I noticed that my drink was much more bitter than the last one, but figured it was just cheaper vodka. I couldn't ask because Keon was already walking down the stairs. I could only rush to follow so I wouldn't lose him.

Downstairs was way more crowded, and there were a lot more half-naked guys dancing...of course, there were no tables down there to get in the way. It was kinda steamy, but I didn't want to lose Keon, and genuinely interested enough to follow. I had been to a gay club a few times before...My ex and I used to go dancing together at one back home. They always had the best music, and since I was with a girl, not many people approached us, so I didn't get to have the 'full experience'. This was very different. The dance floor was much darker, and more of the guys were stripped down to underwear. The floor was so crowded, you could feel the pulse all over.

Keon tried to talk to me, but I couldn't hear a thing. I guess he wanted to dance, because he turned towards the floor, and beckoned me to follow. I downed the last of my drink, and followed while swaying to the music. I wasn't much of a dancer without girls, but didn't want to lose Keon in the pulsing crowd.

After a few awkward steps, he sensed that I wasn't quite ready for dancing, so he grabbed a couple more drinks at the bar. We walked over to the back of the room, and stood apart from the crowd. At least we could hear each other when we leaned in closely enough. I thought about going back upstairs, but Keon looked set for a while, so we sipped our drinks and kept talking.

The music started getting better, and so did my buzz. Both were making me want to move after all. I started swaying a bit, and Keon started dancing with me. It was a little weird to be dancing with a guy, but it just felt so great to be moving to the music. The beat was so infectious that I just couldn't stop myself. We were off on the side, but soon were dancing our way into the crowd of bodies.

It was so hot in there, that I took off my shirt without even thinking...Keon smiled big and did the same. I kept forgetting where we were, and that I was shamelessly flirting with a man who was obviously attracted to me. Even though I couldn't explain it, I was definitely starting to feel attracted too.

I had been curious enough to watch bi porn, but never thought of a guy as attractive. Keon definitely changed that. His torso was perfect...He had hard abs with a really defined chest. His arms were very well muscled, but I couldn't see any big veins. I was transfixed with the way his muscles moved under his skin. He just danced with me...smiling, but never touching. I found myself staring, and wishing that he would.

Confused, I leaned in, and asked if we could go back upstairs for a bit. I was suddenly feeling very hot, and needed to cool off. He saw me swaying, and brought me back up to the main bar.

He asked if I was 'rollin', and I thought that a quick joint would be perfect to settle my nerves. I said sure, and suggested we step out for our smoke.

We got dressed on the way upstairs, and went outside. Since neither of us took our car, I spun one up so quickly, that I forgot to even ask Keon about that weed he'd mentioned. Not that it mattered, because it definitely had a noticeable effect. We quickly powered it down, and finished just as we were completing our lap. We walked right back in, and Keon grabbed another couple of drinks.

By now, I was feeling more drunk than I could remember, but thought that this would be my last drink. I'd just switch to water afterwards.

Keon came back, handed me my drink, and toasted to first times. Even though I had already told him about my previous gay bar experience, I didn't feel like correcting him. It was close enough.

This drink was another very bitter one, but I drank it pretty quickly. I didn't like the taste as much, so I wanted to move on to my waters. Keon noticed my eager drinking, and laughed about my looking like I was ready. I don't know what came over me, but I told him I was definitely ready for some more dancing.

I took my shirt back off, and led Keon back down the stairs, and into the mass of bodies. Walking down the stairs made my head go light, and I thought that I was way more stoned than I should be. It must have been all the drinks, but I almost felt like I was tripping...Usually, I have one or two, and I had already had four, quickly downing the strongest two of those. 

I started thinking that going back downstairs may not have been my best idea. I should have been going home, and jerking off before passing out. Jerking off, thinking about a man for the first time. I was definitely going to watch that bi porn with Keon's lookalike. Watching Keon dance was really turning me on! I realized that I wasn't going to leave until he did...

He grabbed my hand, and led me into the dancing crowd. I just let him take me where he wanted. All of the bodies dancing against me were making my skin tingle all over. I had never felt so high...or so horny!! There wasn't a woman in sight, but my cock was pressing out the top of my thong...Anyone looking would have seen. I should have been embarrassed, but it just turned me on even more.

Keon was dancing much better than I could, but he made sure to stay close. His hands kept grazing my sides, and I kept thinking about how much I wanted him to keep doing it. I really shouldn't have smoked that joint...or at least waited until I was ready to leave. I was so high! I didn't even know what's going on, but with my body inches from Keon's, I found myself staring down his body in front of me.

"You can touch if you want...It's obvious that you can't stop looking." Keon joked as he playfully grabbed at my ass.

That was all the invitation I needed. I had to touch those rock hard abs...the way they were moving as he danced amazed me. I put my hands on his body, feeling his skin, and the muscles moving just beneath. He just kept smiling and dancing for me...Flexing and putting on a little show.

I ran my hands all over his torso...feeling the muscles of his back (even more incredible than his abs!) and sliding over his well-defined pecs. Once I had started, it was all I could think about. It was obvious that Keon knew what he was doing to me, and really enjoyed the effect. He just continued to dance, pulling me closer to him, and feeling my ass. It felt so lewd to have him groping my ass like that on the floor, but not only did no one notice, I was beyond caring if they did.

I started to grind my crotch against his, feeling my head spin as he held me against him. I could feel his cock, hard in his leather pants, rubbing against mine through the jeans and silky thong. 

How did I get so high?! Smoking pot never had that kind of effect, even with drinks. I wasn't sleepy at all, and was REALLY into dancing with Keon. I had read enough that I should have known, but I was way too high to put it together.

The men rubbing against us from every angle, most of them shirtless, was driving me crazy. Keon kept kneading my ass cheeks, and grinding his cock against mine, as he took the lead in our dance. 

His hands were relaxing me at the same time they were turning me on. I leaned more fully against him, so that I could feel his chest against mine. He still towered over me, so I nestled into his neck as I enjoyed the attention.

He leaned in toward my ear and said something about the drugs being stronger than he had thought. He said that the first was really kicking in, and we probably shouldn't have gone for two...I just figured he was confused. He had probably smoked before I got there, and was regretting our joint. I can't say that I blamed him, but I was way too into feeling his body (and everybody else's) against mine.

I can't remember ever being so horny, but couldn't believe that it was all these guys who were turning me on. Keon was feeling me up all over, pressing my body against his. All I could do was submit to his attentions and breathe in his scent.

I felt compelled to kiss his neck while he was running his arms up and down my back, squeezing me tighter to him. The heat from his body, and the feel of his heart thumping against mine was too much. I couldn't stop kissing his neck and grinding my crotch against his. His cock felt just as hard as mine, and I thought that it might burst through his pants at any time. Maybe that's why he was wearing leather...It felt hard enough to rip right through denim!

I looked up to see him watching me nuzzle his neck. I thought he was going to say something, so I strained my head toward him. He lightly grabbed the back of my head, and used the opportunity to kiss me. With his other hand, he grabbed my ass hard...then pressed his lips harder against mine.

Before I could even think, his tongue was in my mouth. I started playing with it, like an oversized nipple...teasing the tip with my tongue as I nipped at it. Keon moaned into my mouth, and slid his hand into my pants, grabbing a cheek in his big hand.

He was driving me so crazy...His cock rubbing against mine had me so fucking hard! I reached between us, and slid my hand into his waistband, which was pushed out by his hardness. I don't know what came over me, but I NEEDED to feel that cock. Not sure what I expected to feel, but it felt amazing!! It was so hard, throbbing, and I could feel precum all over as I slid my hand down the thick shaft.

I had never touched another man's cock, but now I found myself thinking about much more with the one I had in my hand. 

I don't know how we were even still dancing...He was still kissing me, and we each had a hand in each other's pants. He was squeezing my ass, and I was stroking that cock. It was so much bigger than it felt when we started dancing. It was definitely longer than mine, and at least as thick. I sucked on his tongue hard, thinking about getting his cock into my mouth.

I don't even know where that thought came from...I'd never thought of sucking on a cock before. Even when I watch bi porn or fantasize about threesomes, I never imagined that I might want to take another man into my mouth. But here I was, with my hand wrapped around the top of his cock, feeling his precum smearing on my wrist, and letting him fuck my mouth with his tongue, and it was all I could think about.

Keon must have read my mind, because he had somehow gotten us into a dark corner of the room. After what seemed like hours, he broke our kiss and pushed me back, so that I could have better access to his cock. I reached into his open(?!) pants with both hands. With both hands together, it was still too big for me to hold.

Without any prompting, I slid to my haunches...holding his giant cock only inches from my face. I had to see it up close. Every thought of getting out of there were completely overridden with curiosity. I started to lick the precum off my wrist, and then leaned forward to get some that had gathered on his cock. It didn't taste much different from my own when I jerked off, but suddenly I couldn't get enough of it!

The feel of it on my tongue, and the throbbing in my hands was driving me crazy. I had trouble fitting the head in my mouth, but I was determined to do it. I reached around with one hand to grab his ass, using the other to guide his cock to my mouth. 

I looked up to see Keon's head thrown back as he was obviously loving everything I was doing. I suddenly realized that I was on the floor with a man's cock against my lips...in a VERY crowded room. Even though the dancing was intense, we hadn't gone unnoticed. I was so fucking horny, but not sure that I wanted an audience, so I gave the head another quick lick, gathering the huge drop of precum that had formed, slid back up Keon's body, and started kissing him again as if nothing had happened.

Keon stuck his hand down the back of my pants, and started pushing me towards the bathrooms. On the way over, I saw that androgynous guy from the show upstairs watching us approach. 

He slid aside, to allow us to squeeze past, but said something to Keon on our way by. The next thing I know, we are walking upstairs behind the androgynous 'Alix', and across the main bar, into the small dressing room. I don't think that our hands left each other's pants. Keon and I must have looked pretty interesting to anyone who saw us on our way through.

The dimly lit room had two chairs in front of makeup mirrors on one side, and a couple of couches in the corner. Alix locked the door, and led us to one of the couches. I realized that he must have been as horny as I was, because Keon was all over me...One hand tweaking my nipple while his other continued to rub my ass. I was grinding my cock over his leather covered bulge. 

I didn't see Alix, but he soon started running his hands over both of us. I groped wildly, grabbing a handful of Alix's ass, and pulling him closer. 

I turned from Keon to kiss our new friend. Before tonight, I had never kissed a man, and I was already making out with my second. It was different from kissing Keon...His lips felt more like girls I'd kissed. His lithe body pressing against us even felt like a girl's. He had a tight waist and long slim legs, and not a hair that I could find...and my hands were roaming...

Keon didn't get mad that I wasn't paying as much attention to him...In fact, he pushed us together. He was grinding into me from behind as he pulled Alix to me. My hands were in Alix's pants, and feeling his ass, just like Keon had done to me...my tongue drilling into his mouth. I could not remember ever being so horny in my life, and my cock felt like it was going to explode. My thong was covered in precum, and I could feel it sliding over my cock as I rubbed my body against Alix. 

I couldn't focus on anything but the physical sensations all over my body...but suddenly, a loud knock shocked me to attention. Alix quickly extricated himself, and stepped across to the door, unlocking it without even asking. He opened the door, and waved in his 'friend' from the earlier show. I was definitely wary, but Keon was still rubbing my body, and making me feel incredible sensations that I did not want to stop.
