 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

We continued taking turns on Leo's increasingly gaping hole, until we finally broke again for supper. Leo watched me cook with fascination; I told him about learning from my grandfather, who had studied under master French chefs two hundred years ago.

Nick, Will, and I had all downed several beers now, and we were feeling it. Leo had been drinking every drop of our piss, and he was clearly starting to feel tipsy. Nick ordered Leo under the table during dinner to receive another drink; Leo was quick to comply. I could see the satisfied look on Nick's face and hear Leo guzzling away. I felt his hand explore the inside of my leg and begin playing with my balls as I ate.

Leo returned to his seat grinning ear to ear.

After dinner, I invited my brother and nephew to sit on the couch with me and take a break. I told Leo to take a turn doing the riding now, and he was more than happy to take turns sitting on our cocks and riding us. He had fun experimenting with different positions and thrusts, and we coached him on and encouraged him.

I sat in the middle, which gave me the opportunity to spend some time bonding with both Will and Nick in turn. I never got enough of Will's tongue in my mouth and his beard tickling my chest. He was very susceptible to kisses and nibbles on the neck and chest.

Nick still looked at me all doe-eyed, obviously lost in infatuation. I gave him some very caring, romantic attention, putting my hand on his cheek and looking into his eyes. I had to admit that I was also falling for my nephew as he was falling for me.

After a while of taking turns on our laps, I stopped Leo as he was about to straddle me face-on again. I pulled his head down to my chest and felt him relax in my arms. He was sweating hard; he was obviously eager to please the three of us. I reached down and slid a finger into his hole; he was well-loosened now. His hole was soft and yielded easily as I slid three, then four fingers up inside of him. He gasped and moaned. This was obviously his new limit.

I played with his hole for a while, savouring the open looseness of it, fantasizing about him taking my father's cock, or my grandfather's, and them appreciating the work we'd done to prepare him.

We fucked him some more, but we were starting to get worn out now, so we took turns with our hands to try and stretch him further. Once, while I was fingering him, Nick reached in as well and our fingers played together inside him.

Finally the day came to an end, and we were all beat. I showed Will and Nick to the guest room, and they were quickly curled up together in bed, Will spooning Nick in a perfect father-son tableau.

I went back to my own room- now mine and my son's room- and Leo was sitting there waiting on the bed. He had a puzzled look on his face.

"What's on your mind, son?"

"Dad, what's mentoring about?"

"Mentoring, huh? Did Nick tell you about that?"

"Yeah. He said he was really hoping you would be his mentor."

"Well, son, it's something we do in our family. When a father has a son, they spend a lot of time together, and the father teaches the son about our ways. About sex and pleasure, and taking care of each other. Eventually, though, the son has learned enough. In our clan, a son spends five years with his father. After that, though, he goes to another, older member of the family for another five years. There, he learns all kinds of new things. It helps keep our family together. Do you understand?"

He nodded solemnly. He didn't quite get it yet, but he would.

"Dad, there's something else I want to ask you."

"Go for it, son. Never be afraid to ask me questions."

"I would like to learn how to fuck like you and uncle Will and Nick do."

I felt myself grinning like a fool. "I'd love to teach you, son. I want you to learn with me. Would you like to try fucking me?"

He blushed. "Do you like getting fucked, dad?"

"I sure do. When I was young like you, my dad used to fuck me like I fuck you. Now I usually like to be on top, but I still enjoy getting my ass worked like you do."

"What do I do? How do I start?"

I sat down next to him and put my hand gently on his cheek. We stared into each other's eyes, taking a moment to bond with each other and appreciate each other. I leaned in and gave him a kiss, a long passionate one.

"It's important to make sure you're both in the mood. Spend some time touching and kissing each other. Pay attention to his smell; you'll know he wants you inside him by his scent." I pulled him in close; he buried his face in my neck.

"I can smell it, dad."

"Good, son. Now, it's always important to make sure that his ass is ready for you. You can't just ram in it, you have to loosen it up and get it wet first. The funnest way to do that is with your tongue."

His eyes went wide. "I can tongue your hole, dad?"

I laid back in bed, and lifted my legs, rotating my pelvis and lifting my hole up for him to see.

"Want to give it a shot? I'll talk you through it, son. I think you'll enjoy it, it's a lot of fun."

He positioned his face over my hole, hesitating.

"You don't have to go straight for the hole," I coached him. "You have my whole ass to play with. Kiss, lick, touch anything you want. Take your time."

He started with some nibbling on my inner thighs, which felt fantastic. His beard was short, and pleasantly scratchy. He moved on to my balls, giving them some attention with licking and sucking.

"You're doing great, son. This feels amazing. Keep going."

He moved on to my hole next, starting off with some kissing and nibbling. Then he inserted his tongue just a little, and swirled it around, massaging the rim.

Then, slowly but firmly, he made his tongue into a point and worked it into me. He had a good, strong tongue, and was using it well.

I groaned and pushed his face against my ass. "Good work, son. You're doing great. Now use some more spit, and work your tongue in and out of my hole."

He went on like that for a while, and I almost didn't want him to stop.

"Okay," I said. "Phew! You're doing so well... I think we're ready for the next step though. Grab the lube from the bedside table. Good, now use a little bit of it, and put it on your finger. Work it into my hole."

He did so, hesitantly at first.

"Keep adding more lube," I suggested. "And reach in further. Don't worry, you can put your whole finger in me."

Soon he was fingering me with gusto, with two fingers. I was in heaven.

"Now reach deep into me, it's okay. Hook your fingers a bit like this- yeah, like that. If you reach forward, you'll feel a round, hard lump. It's about the size of a walnut."

He nodded. I felt my eyes roll back in my head; he was stroking it curiously.

"That feels good, dad?"

"Hell yeah, son. That's where you want to aim. How hard is your dick?"

He lifted up, revealing his crotch and rock-hard cock with bulging veins. He'd evidently been enjoying getting me ready. I stared at it in wonder; I'd made this. I made this man. My own son was poised above me, ready to fuck his first ass, and it was my own.

"Come here, nice and close," I told him as I pulled him toward me. His pelvis pushed hard against my ass, and his cock landed on me with a satisfying slap.

"Now, don't forget to lube up your cock. Get it nice and slick. Good, like that. Now, hold it by the base, you're going to have to aim it on its way in."

I felt the head of his dick press against my hole, and it took a few false starts and slipping past it before he made touchdown.

"That's it, easy now. Slide in slow. Aww fuck- son, your cock feels incredible."

He slid all the way in, and leaned over me. He had a serious look in his eyes. I pulled him down for a reassuring kiss, and was surprised by the passion on his end.

"I love you dad," he said softly.

"I love you too, son. Now, just do what comes naturally."

He figured it out quickly, which muscles in the hips to thrust from. His rhythm was uneasy and he struggled to keep balance and angle, but for a first time he was doing great. He tried to work up the speed and force that we had used on him, but lacked the experience. Still, it felt amazing. My own son, deep inside me, working up a load to give me. I could feel the bulging head of his dick tease my hole as he took long strokes in and out of my hole. We made eye contact; he looked so serious, so intent on doing this right and pleasing me.

He lasted a few minutes- not too bad. I saw his orgasm build quickly by the look on his face, and when he came he gave some powerful thrusts deep inside me.

He collapsed on my chest, totally exhausted, his dick still dribbling a stream of heavy cum on my thigh.

I fingered my hole and found that he'd left a sizable load in me. The fact that my son and I would be sleeping with each other's cum inside us brought a smile to my face. I scooped out a bit of cum with my finger, and spread it across my lips; he watched, interested. I pointed at my lips; he got the hint, and with a smile he lapped up his cum and shared it with me in a kiss.