 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

CHAPTER 5

My brother, my nephew, and I spent the rest of the morning and a good part of the afternoon taking turns inside Leo. I was proud of my new son, this handsome young man who was so eager to please me. He was so innocent; everything was new to him. We showed him all kinds of new positions and ways of being fucked.

We'd all worked up an appetite, and agreed to take a break to go out for lunch. We all also really needed showers, but before that I had Leo have a seat on my face again.

It was an interesting and pleasing sensation to slip my tongue into his stretched hole. I felt it flinch at first, then open wide to receive me. I could reach deep into him with my tongue, deep enough to feel the soft, warm, wet interior. I could taste the very familiar taste of my brother Will's loads, as well as my own and my nephew's. The experience was intoxicating. The cum was flowing freely, and I licked up as much as I could and got a mouthful.

Once I got Leo to dismount, I pulled him toward me and kissed him forcefully. The mix of cum flowed between our mouths, and he opened wide to receive and enjoy it.

With the full moon looming close on the calendar, all four of us found ourselves craving red meat. I usually went for sushi or pho, but today I wanted nothing else but to sink my teeth into a nice red steak.

It was Leo's second time in public since he'd been turned, and he struggled a bit. He'd clearly lost some of the human behaviours, like we all did. I had to remind him to use his knife and fork, and keep his teeth human.

The full moon was also affecting our libidos, and we wasted no time getting back home and unclothed.

Leo couldn't keep his hands off me; he was already playing with my half-hard dick and getting my nipples excited with his tongue. I understood the urges he was feeling; I could remember pouncing my own father every chance I could get. Hell, I often still did.

"Hold on, Leo. Slow down. There's some other things we need to teach you first."

Nick and Will were already on each other too, but they paused to see what I was saying.

"In our family, obedience is important. It's important for our young men to submit to their elders, and for the older men to remember to dominate their sons. Am I right, Will?"

Will smiled. "You're absolutely right, brother. Are you going to teach Leo to submit to you?"

"Yeah. I think it's about time." I looked at my son; his eyes were wide and confused. I could tell he was eager to submit to me, but not sure about what would happen next.

"Can we watch, Uncle James?"

"Of course, Nick. Why don't you two have a seat on the couch, and we'll put on a little show for you."

I made Leo stand in front of me, facing me, very close. We could not have been closer without touching; the tiny distance between us was full of electricity. I locked eyes with him; he tried to look away.

I grabbed him by the back of the head and wrenched him back to look at me. "Look into my eyes, son. It's okay. I'm safe. Trust in your father."

He nodded, and kept the eye contact.

"You are an animal now, in a family of animals. Animals fear eye contact, but we have trust between us, understand?"

He nodded. He was clearly afraid, but love and trust were overriding fear at the moment.

I tilted my head and leaned in, still staring right into him. Our faces were so close, almost touching.

I let the beast seep into me, in a careful and controlled amount. I felt my lips snarl, and a low growl welled up from my throat.

I was so proud of him; he didn't flinch. His eyes were wide and he was shaking slightly, but he held his ground.

I smiled. "Good boy. Look up now, you can break eye contact."

He looked up, relieved, but now he'd exposed his throat to me. It was time for the next step.

With a muzzle like a wolf's I descended on him, opening my mouth wide to wrap around his neck. Sharp teeth grazed his skin gently, enough to let him know the force and danger that had him in its grasp.

Shocked, he tried to pull away, but I quickly had my hand on the back of his neck, holding him close. He struggled, but only for a moment- then I felt him relax into me.

I held him like that for a bit, let him feel the hot animal breath on him, the sharp teeth, the strength of my hand. Suddenly I smelled a new wave of emotion from him; he was still a little afraid, but mostly now he felt comforted and aroused.

I pulled back, my face returning to its human state. I smiled down on my son.

"I'm so proud of you. You're doing great." I put a hand on his shoulder and gently pressed down.

He was confused.

"It's okay, son. You'll learn. When a dominant man pushes on your shoulder like this, he's signalling you to drop to your knees." I pushed down again; he folded like a card table.

He went directly to start sucking, but I pushed his head back with my hand on his face.

"Good boy, but not yet. First I need to take a piss. And you're not going to miss a single drop, right?"

"Yes, sir!"

"Good. Open wide. Get ready to swallow."

He positioned himself right underneath me with his greedy mouth open wide. In a moment, he got a good heavy stream of piss hitting the back of his throat.

He gulped and gulped, struggling to keep up. I could see below that just drinking my piss was getting his cock hard.

As I finished, the stream was too much for him. A small trickle ran down his cheek, which he quickly caught with a finger and licked up.

I pulled back and slapped him hard across the face, without warning. I saw Nick flinch and Will smile, but Leo just looked up at me in shock.

"It's okay, son," I said, tenderly stroking his cheek with the back of my hand. "Do you want to know why I did that?"

He nodded, dumbfounded.

"Because you deserved it. And because I knew you would enjoy it."

He smiled slowly. "Yes sir. I did, sir. Thank you, dad."

"Now run to the fridge, and grab three beers, okay?"

He nodded, looking a little confused and disappointed.

"Don't worry, son. You'll be having all three of those beers, second-hand."

He was excited by that idea, and quickly brought us each back a beer and handed them out.

"Well done, son. Now lie down on the floor, on your back."

He obeyed me quickly. I stood over him, taking a swig of my beer.

With one leg, I pushed his legs open, exposing his crotch. I lifted my foot, and carefully placed it down on his crotch. Not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough for him to feel it and know that the only thing between him and a lot of pain was my sense of balance.

He didn't flinch; I looked in his eyes and I could see that he trusted me. Carefully, intentionally, I shifted my weight just slightly. I rolled his balls around between my toes.. He cringed, but didn't move.

I slid my foot up from his balls to his stomach. He was thin, with no belly to protect him. I shifted my weight again, pressing down gently. The only thing between the full force of my weight and his interior organs was my balance and his trust in me.

I slid up again to his chest, enjoying the feeling of his chest hair mingling in my toes. Here, I could stomp down and crack his sternum. I put a decent amount of weight on him, enough to feel it and have to catch his breath.

Next I moved my foot to lie across his throat. I caught his eyes again; still he trusted me, and welcomed whatever I wanted to do to him. I rolled my foot back and forth, feeling his windpipe under my arch.

Then I planted my foot squarely on his face. I heard him inhale deeply; he was really enjoying this.

"Lick," I ordered.

He ran his tongue up and down my arch; I shoved my toes in his mouth, and he sloppily coated them in spit and licked in between each toe. It hadn't occurred to me until now that he would be into feet so much.

I withdrew my foot, sat down in a chair, and put my feet up on an ottoman. He knelt before them, waiting and hoping for my next instructions.

"Give me a foot massage," I told him. "Use your hands and your mouth. Make it feel really good."

Leo happily got to work on my feet, shoving his hole face into my soles, working the muscles of my feet with his fingers and tongue. Nick couldn't hold back anymore as an audience; he got on his knees next to me and started to work on my cock with his tongue. The echo of sensation between my son's and nephew's tongues felt incredible. I looked over to smile at Will; he was stroking his cock and watching the scene with enjoyment.

Leo was doing a great job. It wasn't often my feet got spoiled by this kind of treatment. He knew just where to touch and stroke and lick and suck every nook of my feet. At one point he impressed me by taking all of my toes in his mouth at once, and slid my foot into his mouth until he gagged.

Will couldn't hold back any longer either at this point, and Leo had gone too long without anyone inside him. Will hoisted his ass up and slid right in; Leo was still slick from carrying so much cum around inside him.

The combined sensations I was feeling on my feet and cock, plus watching my brother pounding away in my son's ass, pushed me over the edge. I pushed Nick's head down hard on my cock, and he took it like a champ. Under the pressure of my hand, he deep-throated me, and I lost my load down his throat.

He collected some of it in his mouth, however, and once I was spent he grabbed Leo by the head and forced my cum past his lips in a forceful kiss.

Watching that did it for Will- he let out a howl and shoved his load hard into Leo.