 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

CHAPTER 1

It was a well-known, respected, and inevitable perversion in our family to lust after a man who's not your own kin. It usually hit around your sixth or seventh decade, and was a biological urge that the men in our family were encouraged to follow.

For me it happened at the Crown and Eagle, a men's leather dive hidden away in a rough part of town. I didn't mess with human men generally, but every once in a while it was nice to get out and be surrounded by the smells of leather and sweat, and check out some good-looking guys. Tonight, the stage was lit and a series of strippers were strutting their stuff. It was a slow night, so I decided to show my support by taking my beer to one of the stool by the stage.

Most of the guys weren't my type- smooth or shaven chests, clean-shaven faces. Still, I smiled up at them and slipped the occasional bill into a jockstrap or armband.

When a new act showed up though, immediately everything changed. I caught the whiff of his leather jacket permeated with cigar smoke and I couldn't help myself but to inhale deeply. My unnaturally keen sense of smell picked up the nondescript soap he'd washed with that afternoon, the common but still dizzingly nice aftershave he'd splashed on the few areas of his neck he'd shaved, and underneath that all the complex array of hormones and pheromones that regular human beings were only aware of on a subconscious level. The combination of smells awakened something in me that I'd never felt before. There it was; a stirring in my cock for the heat of a man who wasn't my brother, father, nephew, uncle, grandfather, or cousin. Before he came close enough to get a good look at him I already knew I wanted him in the most carnal way. The DJ announced his name as Liam.

Surprisingly, he was older than me- or, more accurately, he looked older than me. He seemed early forties, his skin touched by the sun over enough years to give him wrinkles and a lasting tan. Grey hairs peppered his temples under a rough buzz cut. He may not be any relative of mine- yet- but he already had the look of our clan down pat. Broad shoulders under a tight t-shirt with a rounded belly underneath, framed by leather suspenders holding up battered blue jeans hugging thick thighs. His beard was thick and peppered with gray. Tufts of hair poked out of from the sleeves and collar of his t-shirt, suggesting hairy shoulders and back. He was a beast.

He was a decent dancer, graceful and strong for his size. He noticed me staring, and paid special attention to me. He peeled off his shirt to reveal a leather harness underneath, and tossed the tee-shirt it in my direction. I shamelessly buried my nose in it and enjoyed a deep whiff; everything about his smell was perfect. I knew I had to have him.

Once his pants were off, revealing a studded leather jockstrap underneath, he got down close to me to thrust his crotch in my face. He rubbed my cheek with his leather pouch, letting me feel the heat of him. A pulled a couple of hundreds out of my pocket and slipped them into his jock, showing restraint and keeping my fingers off his cock.

"Hi Liam, I'm James. How much for a lap dance?" I asked.

"For that, I'll give you one for free," he said with a smile.

After his dance, he emerged from the performer's entrance and led me to a chair. He was even better in private than on stage; he knew how to work his pelvis and show himself off. He had decent muscle and was thick with hair, all over his arms and legs, and a little on his upper back. He was strong, but not sculpted like a gym addict.

I could tell he was enjoying grinding his bare ass into my crotch; there was a lot more contact than a typical lap dance. I still behaved myself, keeping my hands off, although it wasn't easy. He turned to face me and thrust his chest in my face, practically daring me to lean forward and take a lick of his hard nipple.

I could tell by his scent, his heavy breathing, and his touch that he was picking up on the scent of desire I was giving off even though he wasn't aware of it.

I motioned for him to lean close, and whispered in his ear. The men of our family have an ability to speak in certain barely-audible tones that triggered desire and compliance. I didn't use it to bend his will, just to encourage it.

"If you're available tonight, I'm willing to pay well."

He wasn't surprised at all; I'd read him accurately.

"What do you have in mind?" he asked.

"I'd like to top you. Probably a few times. You'd spend the night."

"That wouldn't be cheap."

"Would five grand cover it?"

He was caught speechless for a moment. I smiled up at him.

"With tip, of course."

"That'll cover it, yeah. When do you want to leave?"

"Go get your clothes on. Let's get out of here."

I managed to keep calm the entire drive, though I had to keep my window down to prevent being overwhelmed by the mix of our pheromones again. It was all I could do to keep him off me though; his hands were all over my body, especially my crotch, and at one point he had my zipper down and I could tell he was about to start sucking me on the freeway before I ordered him to back down.

The instant the front door of my house was closed, we were all over each other. I could tell he rarely had to crane his neck so high to kiss another man; I tried to compensate but most of my attention was focused on ramming my tongue between his lips, pushing him back against the wall, ripping his shirt open. The sight of his thick chest hair through the torn fabric was perfect.

He expressed only the barest passing surprise, then stepped towards me again, his dark brown eyes in a frenzy of lust.

"Wait," I commanded, holding up my palm. In the pause that followed I could hear both of us breathing heavily. We were in the throes of it now, like animals in heat. I wasn't sure I could really put the brakes on this instinct, but I had to try.

He fell to his knees, his eyes pleading. "Please," he begged. "Please, sir. Take me."

"Yes. I will. But first- we have to have a cup of tea."

We stared at each other for a moment, the suggestion so ridiculous that it eased the mood and we both laughed a bit.

Obediently though, he sat at the kitchen table while I boiled the kettle and made us tea. We would need the energy for what was going to happen next, and we needed the mental break so that I could explain some things to him.

I set his tea down in front of him, then stepped back and opened the kitchen window to let some more fresh air in. I took a deep breath, and it cleared my mind a bit. I was still buzzing with urges and hormones, but I was able to think again. I felt amazed that I was finally going to do this, that my time had finally come. It was happening so fast.

"I have to explain some things to you, but first I have to show you some things that might frighten you a bit."

He looked bewildered. I could tell he was about to make some joke, probably about taking big cocks before, but then thought better of it. He could see I was serious.

I looked out the window at the moon. It was only about a quarter full, but probably far enough along. I closed my eyes, focused, and turned to look him in the eyes.

I felt the beginnings of the change; I was already well-furred but even more fur was pushing itself out through my skin. I could feel the shape of my body change, becoming longer and thicker and more animal-like. I threw back my head and growled, a sound that no regular human being could ever replicate.

He was terrified. He'd fallen out of his chair, was backing away from me on the floor. My heart broke to see what I'd done to him, but I felt it necessary to show him.

As I returned to my normal appearance, he looked up at me, desperate for reassurance. As terrified as he was, he was still under my spell.

"Sir?"

"Shh, it's okay," I said, kneeling down and putting a hand on his cheek. I was relieved to see he let me. In that moment he already looked so much younger, already vulnerable and dependent on me.

"I had to show you. I wanted you to know, and I needed you to believe me. I have some things to tell you."

And so I told him. I told him about legends of werewolves and other cryptids and demi-humans. I told him that they were all just superstitions, but that they referred to something real that human beings had only glimpsed at. I told him about my clan, about my great-grandfather who came to the New World to start a new family, about my grandfather who changed my father, who changed me, about being reborn as a new man, with strange powers and unstoppable urges.

He listened, enrapt, barely touching his tea. He seemed torn between ignoring me and turning back to the lust I'd touched him with, or turning and running out the door.

Instead, he looked at me thoughtfully. "You want to turn me... right? Into one of your clan?"

"Sometimes it happens. The urge hits one of us, and we find a man we want to make our son."

"Your son?" He asked, bewildered. "What does that mean?"

"When a human being becomes one of us, they are completely transformed. You will forget your previous life, you appearance will change to become more like mine, and when it's over you will be imprinted on me as your father."

I took a deep breath. "Listen, I won't make you do this. I won't decide for you. Right now we're both under the influence of this instinct, but you can still walk out that door if you choose to."

He looked thoughtful for a while, and I let him stew on it. Each of us had our own reasons for joining the clan, reasons none of us remembered now. Reasons that could be complex, sad, and personal. I didn't push him to share his thought process with me.

"I'll do it," he said finally. "I want you to make me your son."

I partly dragged him, partly carried him up the stairs. In the bedroom I tore off the rest of his clothes. My mind was now in another place altogether, and so was his. The bedroom seemed instantly full of the animal musk that urged us onward. We pawed at each other, kissed, nibbled. His hands were drawn to my cock, which he unwrapped hastily. He threw himself to his knees and had his nose buried in my pubic hair in one gulp. Part of it was unquestionably practised skill, but part of it was no doubt the lack of inhibitions that the heat had us under.

I let him suck voraciously on it for a few moments as I slipped out of the rest of my clothes, then tapped him on the shoulder. He kept going at first.

"Up," I commanded, my voice back in that resonating tone. He was on his feet in a flash.

I picked him up brusquely and threw him onto the bed, my strength catching him off guard. I fell on top of him and resumed my rough exploration of his mouth with my tongue. It felt so good to overpower him, to cover him, to do what I want with him. I felt the need to own him, fuck him, and make him my son. Nothing had ever felt so right.

The feel of his skin on my skin, with our body hair between us, was electrifying. It felt new and dizzying. I found myself grinding against him, my hard cock descending thrust by thrust towards the base of his groin.

He pulled his legs up, stretching them as far as he could, presenting his ass to me. He wanted me already, and wouldn't say no even if I just rammed it right away without lubricant or apology.

I didn't want to hurt him though. Not in that way.

Instead I dove down face first and impaled his hole with my tongue. He tasted amazing; still fresh from the shower, but sweet and salty from the sweat we were both working up. He gave out an exquisite moan. I devoured him like a starving man, my lips probing his hairy ass while my tongue darted in and out of his hole. I loved the way he squirmed. I grabbed his hips and pulled him into my face.

It was so strange, and amazing, to taste the ass of a man I was unrelated to. Since my own transformation, I had only ever known the taste of relatives.

He groaned again, and I could tell he wanted me to move on to my cock, but I wanted to stretch out this event. It was so important to both of us, even if he would never remember it. I wanted to tell him afterwards about the night his daddy made him, and how I relished every second of it.

I kissed up and down the inside of his thighs, and played with my tongue around the base of his cock. Despite his pressing need to have me inside of him, I could tell he was enjoying the meandering route there.

I nipped gently on the side of his cock, barely touching it with my teeth, which earned me a surprised gasp from him. Then I descended on it with the same gusto he'd shown to me. My dad had taught me well; he was one of the most well-endowed men I knew, and refused to give up training me until he'd been able to slide his entire hard dick down my throat. I still go down on him every chance I can get; the feeling of him filling my throat like that is incredible.

As for my future son, those skills I'd picked up were being well-appreciated. I was fascinated that even the taste of his pre-cum was distinct from what I was used to.

I loomed over him again, my cock twitching in the air above his now wet hole. He played with my chest, tweaked my nipple. When that got a sharp gasp and a groan, he continued, playing with both of my nipples between his thumb and forefinger. My cock got a degree harder.

He grinned. "Fuck me, daddy."

I grinned back. "Soon, you'll mean that."

As tempted as I was to just start ramming away, I made myself practice some tenderness. I kissed him, gently this time, like a lover's kiss, and carefully drew the head of my dick towards him. I felt the head move into him softly, and then encounter the expected resistance. Slowly, gently, I pressed on, kissing him and playing with his hair. He whimpered as the resistance gave way and I felt myself slide in. It was clear he didn't bottom often, but in this state he wanted it so bad that he yielded fairly easily. I pushed his legs back, angling his hole to take me better.

In a few moments, I hit bottom. I was inside of him, all the way to the hilt. Our eyes locked. He nodded, silently begging me to go on.

I started gently at first, tenderly, but also taking long slowly strokes that drove him wild.

I could see the mounting frustration in his face. His big brown eyes with their wide black pupils were staring up at me, urging me to give it to him hard.

I felt something inside of me let go, like a rubber band released. I plowed into him with force. He made a sort of gasping, choking noise.

I let loose, rammed in again and again. We both wanted it; we both needed it rough and hard and mean. I could feel it escalating inside me; he was like a prey animal underneath me and I needed to do what nature required.

I bit his neck, not hard enough to hurt him or break skin, but enough to make him cry out. I looked down at him; his expression was a mix of shock and gratitude. He wanted to experience it as badly as I wanted to give it to him. I gave him another shock; I gathered my spit and sprayed it all over his face. He nodded, opened his mouth wide. I spat again, directly down his throat. The primal, animal nature of it felt amazing. I grabbed his hair and pulled it back, spat on his face again. He was soaked with spit and sweat and completely lost in the heat.

I felt another instinct come over me; I stretched my arm out and bore down on his face; without hesitation he hungrily started sniffing and nuzzling and licking my armpit. If he was under the spell of my pheromones before, now he was higher than a kite.

I returned my attention to the thrusting off my hips; all of this raunchy stuff was getting me closer and closer. He could tell, too; he locked eyes with me again and nodded.

"Please, sir, come inside me."

I growled in agreement. I gathered him up in my arms; all of a sudden he seemed so much smaller, although the transformation hadn't even started. I felt the size and weight and shape of him cradled inside me. He belonged to me. I was going to give him my seed, make him my kin.

I thrust harder and harder, in ecstasy. The heat of our bodies pressed together was thrilling.

And then I felt it; a point of no return, the beginning of climax. The building felt unlike any orgasm I'd had before.

"Okay son," I breathed heavily. "Ready?"

"Yes daddy. Please give it to me."

I growled again as I let loose my cum; the orgasm, and the pumping of seed, seemed to go on forever. Some part of me realized that this was different than any orgasm I'd ever had. The cum I was pumping into him was special, meant for a specific purpose.

I collapsed next to him on to the bed, and pulled him in close. We were both panting and soaked with sweat.

"Your load," he said between gasps- "that's what will... transform me?"

I nodded. "Yup."

He seemed thoughtful for a minute, stared at the ceiling.

"How long does it take?"

I laughed. "Oh, it'll take more than just one load. When I said we were going to be doing this all night, I meant it."