 Returning to the table, John and his wife enquired if everything thing was ok, I replied yes saying that Shona(my wife), was just coming, sure enough she arrived a couple of minutes later, immediately asking me up to dance, I laughed and said to her that I wasn't really up for dancing tonight, looking across the table I asked Carol (John's) wife if she was able to help out, laughing she said you guys' are all the same, getting up and heading for the dance floor with Shona, leaving John and I to our drinks. 

John smiling thanked me for saving him from a night on the dance floor, explaining that Carol was quite a dancer and he really wasn't that into it, laughing I replied, join the club mate, offering him my hand in a handshake, which he grabbed, also laughing as we shook. We continued to chat as our wives; oblivious now to us frequented the dance floor. Before long I excused myself and headed for the gents and a well needed piss, on finishing I decided as the gents were empty to freshen up my cock, standing in front of the wash basin I quickly washed my cock and balls removing the traces of our earlier fun. 

I was just finishing up when the outer door went, dropping my kilt I continued to wash my hands, as in walked John, Hi mate thought I might as well use the gents as well he announced as he walked over to the urinals, watching in the mirrors as I began to dry my hands, I couldn't help but notice how good he looked in his tux, my cock still damp under my kilt began to stiffen as I continued to watch him. 

John still pissing asked me if I would mind if he asked a rather personal question , rep[lying not at all, He asked what was worn under my kilt, turning round to face him, adjusting my sporran to hide my ever stiffening cock, I laughed and told him the usual line of 'it's a national secret', John who by now had finished pissing was zipping up his trousers as he turned and walked past me to the wash basin, laughed, said oh come on I've always wondered but never had the opportunity to ask a Scotsman before, laughing I just shook my head as I could see him watching me in the mirror, John began to dry his hands , finishing he again asked , turning to face me, I happened to catch a slight movement in his trousers, quickly picking up on this I decided to test the waters so to speak. 

I said well to answer your question correctly, everything was in perfect working order. Oh come on he said go on tell me, well I said looking straight at him, if I tell you how will you know I'm telling the truth.

There it was again, his cock was def growing in his tux trousers, well you could always just lift up your kilt and give me a flash, faining shock I said I couldn't do that in a public loo and anyway would he drop his trousers to show me what he was wearing under his trousers? 

He seemed lost for words and appeared to blush slightly, as he moved his hands to the front of his trousers, trying to hide the tent that was starting to appear, well I said, would you? He stammered slightly and mumbled very quietly, yes. Looking at him I laughed and walked past him and out of the door, telling him to hurry up.

Getting back to the table before John, our wives were busy chatting away, and downing the wine at quite a rate going by the amount of empty glasses, no sooner had I sat down , than they informed me that they were going back to the dance floor, getting up just as John returned, his wife giving him a quick kiss as she said she was off to the dance floor.

We began chatting and it wasn't long before i decided to see how far things might go, so leaning closer to John, pushing my knee against his I asked him if he was still wondering about what was under my kilt, he looked at me, he was def blushing now, I pushed on, increasing the pressure on his knee, to which he didn't move away from. 

I'll tell you what I said you could slip your hand up my kilt here, as the table cover will hide your hand and nobody is going to see you in this light, however though you will need to pay for the privilege, John looked at me, I could just imagine the turmoil going on in his mind, I started to get up, you ready for another round i asked him he just nodded. 

I made my way to the bar ordered up a another round of drinks for us, whilst I waited for the order I glanced back to our table, only to see that John wasn't there, had I pushed him to far? 

Suddenly though he was beside me looking more relaxed, smiling and as if he was back in control of his emotions. 

Thought you might need a hand he announced, great I replied, just as our order arrived, making our way back to the table I made sure he was in front of me giving me the chance to size him up some more, watching him sit down he seemed to adjust his crotch as he sat down, was there a bulge in those trousers? 

I made an excuse about moving some glasses brushing my kilt very close to his face, taking longer than really necessary before sitting back down, making a show of adjusting my kilt and sporran as I sat down, again letting my leg brush against his, this time though I moved my leg away, only for his to press back into mine, looking at John I smiled and then asked him if he was okay? 

He cleared his throat and lent forward towards me and whispered into me ear, if I was serious about him exploring under my kilt, I smiled and nodded saying to him as long as I got to repay the compliment. 

I then felt Johns hand tentatively slip on to my thigh, moving my leg closer to him, I was watching him, he was watching our wives on the dance floor, as slowly he moved his hand down to my bare knee, before starting up under my kilt. 

Gently stroking my inner thigh as he got ever closer to my stiffening cock and balls, just as his hand brushed against my cock, I asked him what he thought , allowing his fingers to slowly explore my balls and shaft, he looked me in the eye and asked if I normally allowed strangers to explore under my kilt, I smiled at him and said, only the ones that seem to arouse my interest, with the emphasis on arouse.

Continuing to explore my shaft and balls, he turned to me and said, you have a nice package there, to which i replied, well i can't comment on yours can I?, to which he slipped his hand out from under my kilt. Leaning across the table to move a glass I slipped my other hand into his lap, moving back I began to explore his crotch feeling a nice bulge in his tuxedo trousers, looking at him I raised my eyebrows smiling at him, as I moved my hand across an ever hardening bulge, my fingers finding the zipper , I pulled it down slowly letting my hand caress across his hardness, again moving toward him to get a glass, allowed me to slip my fingers through the gap in his trousers, I was in, 

My fingers slowly caress a stiffening cock encased in silk, I traced his cock thru the silk material, suddenly finding a wet patch around the tip I allowed my finger to start to tease the head of his cock, watching his face, he started to breathe deeper, a soft moan came from his lips, I began to slowly increase the pressure on his shaft , he then coughed and his hand grabbed mine, looking up I noticed our wives making their way back to us, moving my hand back I could see John adjusting himself, just as they arrived back at the table, announcing to us that they were tired out and were wanting to go back to their rooms. 

Seizing on this I suggested to Shona that she should just go up as I was going to finish my drinks and then go for a smoke (the hotel was non smoking), I nudged John with my leg, quickly picking up on what I said he suggested he keep me company, to which Carol agreed, gathering up their purse's they both gave us quick kisses and left for the lift. 

Looking at John I smiled leaned into him and asked if he wanted to continue where we left off, he quickly replied yes, but maybe somewhere more private. Well I did say I was going to go for a smoke fancy joining me? As I rose from the table. 

Just a minute he said as I glanced at him quickly adjusting himself, my own hand firmly holding down my sporran to hide the tent my hard cock wanted to make. You getting all excited there John? I asked , laughing he said yes, as he slipped a hand into his pocket to cover the bulge in his trousers. Moving our way through the hotel we chatted, the conversation quickly turning to male sex and what sort of things we enjoyed getting up to, by the time we got outside my cock was as hard as a rock and glancing at Johns bulging trousers it was fairly evident he was in the same condition, lighting up our cigarettes, I suggested we head for the hotel gardens , where hopefully it would be a bit darker and more private. 

Quickly entering the gardens it was clearly a lot darker and out of sight of the Hotel thanks mainly to the high hedges surrounding it, slipping my hand onto Johns butt I started to rub a very nicely firm butt, he slowed allowing him to push back slightly, moving through the gardens we headed to the far side where I had spotted a summerhouse earlier, on reaching it we climbed onto the veranda, checking the door I found it open, turning to John I suggested we go inside, moving past me he entered into the gloom of the summerhouse. 

Entering I quickly closed the door, looking around it was more like a store room of garden furniture, breathing hard with excitement, our eyes quickly adjusting to the darkness we moved together, our hands finding each other's shoulders as our heads moved together, mouths opened as we hungrily kissed each other our tongues exploring, our hands caressing each other's bodies it wasn't long before I had one hand on his ass fondling, groping it's firmness my other moving to the front of his trousers and that lovely hard bulge I had felt earlier. 

John let out a moan as my hand caressed across his cock, his hands grabbing my head his kissing intensified, breaking apart I turned him around, moved my sporran to the side, allowing my kilt to tent out with my excitement pulling him backwards onto me he could feel my hard cock pressing against his butt, I slowly moved my hand back onto his bulge, my other starting to unbutton his waistcoat allowing me access to his shirt and slowly moving my hand up seeking out his nipples reaching them John moaned twisted his head seeking my mouth and we continued our kissing.

His hands were reaching back pulling up the back of my kilt till he got under my kilt his hands felt good on my bare arse as he pulled me harder into him, fondling my ass cheeks. Slipping my hand over his bulge I found the button of his trouser quickly undoing it and pulling down the zip, my hand seeking out his silk clad cock, in doing so I moved back allowing his trousers to slip down to his ankles, grabbing hold of his cock through the now tenting silk boxers I start to trace the length of it with my fingers coming to its head, feeling a large damp patch, I let me hand close over the head and start to rub it, the damp silk feeling lovely and making him groan even more we continued to kiss, his hands fondling my ass and outer thighs and me massaging his cock I feel him tense.

He breaks the kiss, asking me stop before he cums, letting go of his cock, he turns around, facing me he kisses me as his hands slip up and under my kilt reaching his goal he starts to delicately run his fingers along my shaft, it feels wonderful, moaning, I whisper to him, suck me now, he quickly drops to his knees lifts the apron of my kilt and I feel the warmth of his mouth as he engulfs my cockhead, slowly he moves his tongue around my shaft delicate flicks of it giving me a fantastic feeling through my body, grabbing hold of his head I force him to take me all in to his mouth and throat gagging slightly. 

He starts to bob up and down on my cock, he was very good pulling my foreskin back and forward as he pulled me in and out of his mouth his tongue always moving increasing the sensations around my engorged cock, his hands were exploring my balls and around to my arse as he continued to suck me increasing the sensations through my body which were rapidly building up looking down at him in the dim light he looked up as I felt myself about to come. 

I'm going to come I said, to which he pulled me into him taking me further into his throat, as I began to come, taking my load initially down his throat he slowly pulled back till just my cockhead was in his mouth sucking and licking it he drained me, coming down from the high of my orgasm, he was still playing with my cock cleaning me with his mouth, pulling out of his mouth I pulled him up our mouths meeting we kissed tasting myself on his lips. 

I grabbed for his cock the front of his shorts were well soaked from his leaking cock, breaking our kiss, I dropped down to my knees I started to lick the front of his shorts, tracing around his cockhead slipping my hands around to his ass I slowly slipped them under his shorts and began to fondle is ass, I began to take his silk covered cock into my mouth soaking the silk even more with a mixture of saliva and pre cum, looking up, his eyes were closed his lips trembling as he let out moan after moan, I moved my fingers to his crack and slowly moved them down tracing the line of his crack till I found his rosebud, a little pressure and massage and he was moaning even louder. 

Slipping his cock out of my mouth, using my teeth I moved the silk till his cock was free through the fly in his shorts, slipping my tongue out I began to lick his cockhead wrapping my tongue around it before swallowing him, taking him deep into me, I started to return the pleasures he had given to me, which wasn't long before I felt him stiffen, grabbing my head he held me tight onto his cock as he pumped my throat with his cum, relaxing he allowed his cock to slip out not before I had licked all the cum from his cock.

Getting back to my feet we again kissed his tongue exploring my mouth tasting his own cum. We eventually broke apart, smiling John expressed his thanks saying how much he had needed that, likewise I replied, as we began to rearrange our clothing. 

Satisfied that we were again decent we slipped out of the summerhouse and made our way back through the gardens to the hotel, chatting about how much we had enjoyed each other, I mentioned that he looked really hot in his tux and said that it was a shame we hadn't had more time to play with each other as I loved to play with guys who were well dressed, John replied that he too was into well dressed guys and that we had fulfilled a huge fantasy of his. 

Oh I replied and what would that be?, I've always wanted to do it with a guy in a kilt, although, he continued, I would loved to be fucked by a guy in a kilt, slipping my hand onto his ass and squeezing it, I said well I'm sure that could be arranged, I would love to fuck this gorgeous ass, giving his ass another squeeze, before moving through the door and into the hotel foyer. He smiled at me and said that he hoped we would be able to continue our liaison, I replied that I was most defiantly interested in doing so. 

Do you fancy a nightcap I asked John, as we moved through the lobby, no, he replied I'd better go up and check on Carol, can't have here getting suspicious I'll catch you at breakfast he said as he moved off to the lift.

Feeling invigorated I headed for the bar, but not before I had glanced after John entering the lift, admiring his tuxedo clad body. On entering the lift John turned and caught me looking at him, smiling at me he slowly rubbed a hand over his crotch, mouthing thank you as he disappeared from sight.