 The following is the true story of my first time experiencing man to man sex. I had always been somewhat bi-curious, however up until this point had only ever been with women and in hetero relationships. 

* * *

January 1, 2010, my friends and I had organised a day at the races to welcome in the New Year. We had all partied hard the night before and everyone bravely surfaced to join in the masses of people at the race course. After the first few drinks going down like razor blades, the alcohol was soon having the desired effect and we were all 'topped up' once again. I had no trouble backing up from the night before, being 23 years old at the time, 6 feet 4 inches, athletic, sandy blonde hair and green eyes.

After lucking out on the horses, my attention turned to the phillies off the track to see if my fortunes would change. Being a very warm day, the girls were not leaving much to the imagination; combined with the alcohol were beginning to make me very horny indeed. I got a few bites and nibbles here and there, scoring a few pashes off a couple of girls, but nothing solid looked likely towards the end of the day. Things were looking disastrous, now I was increasingly drunk and even hornier than before.

My friends decided it would be a good idea to head to the casino to continue the party once the sun went down. Being dressed up to the nines and feeling pretty confident I decided this sounded like a brilliant idea. After the short trip, we were nestled into a cocktail lounge sipping on cocktails and eyeing up the gorgeous women.

After a couple of drinks, I needed to visit the men's room. At that time I received a call on my cell phone. I quickly slipped outside to take the call as it was very noisy inside the bar. After about 10 minutes, I went back inside but could not find any of my friends. I asked the barman which way they had gone and he had pointed to the gaming floor. After losing a tremendous amount of money of the horses throughout the day, I was not keen to continue my losing streak on black jack or roulette.

I sent a text message to my friends saying I was heading home for the evening and started weaving my way to the cab station. I stood at the back of the line and patiently waited to get into a cab home. After about 5 minutes and the line moving along slowly, I get a tap on the shoulder.

'Matt! How are you? Long-time no see!' It was a former co-worker Brad grinning from ear to ear and looking about as drunk as I felt. Brad was a couple of years older than me, a bit shorter and bit thicker set around the waist.

'I'm good Brad, how about you?' We then spent the rest of the time in line generally drunk chit-chatting. 

Once we got to the front of the line, we realised we still lived in roughly the same area. We quickly decided to share a cab as we were enjoying catching up after two years.

The cab pulled up at my place, and to my surprise, Brad jumped out first. He said he lived not far from my place and would walk the rest of the way home.

After paying the driver, we walked across the road to the side of my apartment building. We both stood there chatting for a bit before I said,

'Hey you want to come in for a quick night cap for your walk home?'

'Sure!' Brad replied.

So inside we went, I quickly made us a vodka, lime and soda while Brad sat on the couch flicking through the TV to find a music channel. When I returned, he asked if I had any good music DVD's, before I could answer, he had hit the TV/AV button on the remote and the TV screen was instantly filled with the title screen of the porno I had watched early that morning before going to the races. 

I instantly went red as I had jerked off watching it some 12 hours earlier.

'I, um, I don't know how...'

'It's OK Matt, we all watch it... Oooh, I didn't know you were an anal man!'

The porno was some low budget anal romp with no storyline, just scene after scene of guy on girl action. He casually clicked on the first scene and leant back on the couch. 

It hit me all of sudden, the alcohol, having someone I knew only through work sitting my couch watching porn, it was all a bit overwhelming. I needed to splash my face with some water. I quickly excused myself and walked to the bathroom. I ran the cold tap and splashed some water over my face and neck, unbuttoning the top button of my dress shirt and loosening my tie.

I looked at myself in the mirror and told myself that he'll finish his drink then go home; I could then jerk off to the porno then go to sleep myself. I dried my face, instinctively checked my hair out of habit then went back to the lounge room.

When I got back I was truly in shock. Brad had half reclined back on the couch with his cock sticking out of his trousers, working his hand slowly up and down his shaft.

'What the fuck are you doing!' I said, staring at his rock hard dick.

'Oh, sorry... Didn't you do this with your buddies in high school?'

'NO! Are you gay or something?!' I said.

He gave me knowing look and told me gently to sit down. My eyes still hadn't left his cock, I had never seen another hard penis in real life before aside from my own. 

I was strangely fascinated.

I watched his hand dance up and down, slowly gripping it tighter at the end. It was mesmerising.

'You can touch it if you want' Brad said, breaking the awkward lull in our conversation.

'I.. Um.. Wouldn't know what I am doing..." I said nervously back.

'Come on, there is no right or wrong, here come closer' He patted the space next to him.

I slid over and instantly before I need what I was doing I was reaching out with my hands, engulfing the stem and head of his cock. 

'There you go...' He cooed softly.

I don't know what it was, the alcohol, the porn blaring the background, but I just needed my lips around his dick. 

I lowered my head, my mouth zeroing in on the beet red tip of his dick. I worked my hands up and down his shaft while my lips and tongue danced around the swollen head. 

He started making some approving grunting noises which spurred my confidence on. I started sucking greedily on his dick, turning myself on with what I was doing. One of my hands had found his testicles, I was playfully squeezing them as I slid his cock in and out of my mouth. 

This continued on for a short amount of time, probably around three to four minutes before Brad gently grabbed my head and pulled it away.

'Here, stand up'

I obliged, he unshackled my belt, unzipped my pants and pulled them down with my underwear. Unbeknown to me I was sporting a massive erection, I didn't even feel it swelling up. I didn't know if Brad was going to touch my cock, or suck it? What was going to happen?

Before I had time to react, he grabbed me by the hips, swivelled me around and placed his hand on the small of my back, forcing my forward and to rest my hands on the coffee table. 

I was about to ask what he was doing but before any sound came out I felt his fingers force my butt cheeks apart and his face get buried in my ass crack. I nearly jumped two feet in the air I was that surprised, then I felt his wet tongue dancing around my asshole! I had never had a girl do this ot me before, so a guy doing it was something I had never even imagined.

The sensation was phenomenal, it sent shivers through my body as his slippery little muscle flicked back and forth over my hard sphincter. I had relaxed a little now, I now felt his hands separating my cheeks even further. His licks were becoming more rigid and purposeful. I then felt the tip enter my asshole, very slowly and deliberate and first, but before long he was pumping it in and out of me as quick as he could.

Again the pleasure was very intense, my cock was as stiff as it had ever been in my entire life. I found myself unconsciously grinding my hips back onto his face as his tongue worked it's magic inside of me.

At this point, being very drunk probably helped, but I was just leaning over enjoying what was happening. I had no time to react again as I felt him stand up behind me and position himself behind me a line his cock up with my now swollen anus.

'Woah Brad..' I started.

'Shhh shhhh shhh, it is OK...' Came his response.

He then pressed forward and inched his throbbing cock inside me. It felt like I was tearing in two, he was taking it slow, but it felt like it would not go in at all. I tried moving forward, but he grabbed my hips and held me firmly into place and after a few minutes his was sliding it in and out with relative ease.

'This isn't so bad is it?' He said in a cheery voice.

'Uh... No I guess not!' I replied, still rather nervous.

With the porn still playing on the TV, I was finding it very hot, I had never even seriously contemplated being with another man, yet here I was getting fucked from behind by I guy I knew only through work.

Brad began to quicken his pace, I could hear some deep guttural grunts coming from deep within his throat. I how now totally relaxed, and although it still hurt somewhat, Brad was flying in and out of me very quckly. I knew what was about to happen next and began to anticipate his orgasm. After always wondering if girls can feel a guy cumming in them, I was slightly let down! 

Brad let out a stifled moan, grabbed my hips really hard then proceeded to pump his cock in and out very slowly and deep as he shot his load inside me. I couldn't actually feel his cum, but after he pulled out with a soft 'plop', it started to run down the back of my leg.

'Ah shit!' I said, as I scuttled off to the bathroom for a towel, not wanting to get his jizz on the carpet. I quickly jumped into the shower and rinsed off, massaging my very used anus under the cascading water, cleaning out his semen in the process.

I flicked the shower off, wrapped a towel around me waist and walked back into the lounge room.

'Hey I think we should talk about what just...'

My voice trailed off as I entered the room, Brad had left without saying goodbye, just his half full vodka lime and soda leaving condensation on my coffee table.

I smiled gently, flipped off the TV and fell into bed exhausted but very satisfied.