 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

After giving my son and my father time to bond, I continued taking Leo around to meet the rest of the family. He exchanged scents with them, they welcomed him with lips and tongues. Things were just getting started and most of the family hadn't arrived yet, but there was already some pretty hot action happening around us.

Leo wanted to offer up his ass to everyone he met, but I had priorities. We sat back and cuddled on a couch for a while, enjoying each other's bodies with our hands.

Then, the man I'd been waiting for arrived. My cousin George, a man I had deep respect for. He was grandpa Nathaniel's eldest grandson, quite a bit older than me. In fact, when I was a young man, he'd been my mentor. I'd fallen asleep many nights on his broad chest, wrapped up in his strong arms. The chest I'd snored on was mostly gray hair now, which I found even sexier.

As he entered the room, his sweet blue eyes caught mine and he waved. Then he saw who I was sitting with, and he beelined towards us.

We stood up to greet him; he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a warm kiss. The taste of his mouth was full of nostalgia for me; as a young man he'd been like a second father to me. I could melt in his arms at a moment's notice.

"George, this is my new son Leo." I watched with pride as they took time sniffing each other, and George looked up at me with a smile.

"Well done, boy," he said, tousling my hair. "I've always looked forward to this day."

George wrapped his big arms around Leo and gave him a passionate, sloppy kiss, nearly lifting my much smaller son off the floor.

"Mind if I welcome your son to the family properly?" he asked me, his hands sliding down Leo's back to his ass.

I nodded, beaming with fatherly pride. George pushed down firmly on Leo's shoulder, and Leo dropped to his knees and quickly got to work on George's stiffening cock.

George put a paternal arm around me and pulled me close. I laid my head on his chest.

"How've you been?" he asked. "How's fatherhood treating you?"

"Best thing that's ever happened to me."

"I know just what you mean," he said warmly. He put his hand gently on the side of Leo's face, and Leo looked up to make eye contact with him before returning to gulp back George's cock.

"He's a natural cocksucker, just like you were at that age," my cousin reminisced. "I remember the day you came to me- you were sad to leave your father, but when you got to work sucking me off you suddenly seemed right at home."

"It wasn't just the taste of your cock," I poked him slyly. "You were a real gentleman. You made me feel at home."

"Well, I really wanted you to feel welcome. I was so happy to have you. I was pretty young to be mentoring, and wasn't even a father myself yet. I wanted to do right by you."

"You did a great job," I assured him, planting a kiss on his neck.

"Mmm, do that again," he said, closing his eyes. I proceeded to lick, kiss, and nibble at his neck as my son practised his oral skills on my cousin's cock. It was fully hard now, and Leo was struggling to take it all. He made me proud though, sliding that monster down his throat without gagging. I reached down and grasped the back of his head, giving him gentle but encouraging pushes.

"You've got a great mouth, Leo."

Leo slid his cock out of his lips with a pop. "Thank you, sir."

"You're going to make a great addition to this family. Come on up here and give me a kiss."

Leo jumped to his feet, and George proceeded to give him a firm but friendly kiss. Watching them enjoy each other's tongues was getting me hard again; George was a great kisser.

"Would you like to try my cock inside you next?" George asked him, in his deep, gentle voice. It was nearly impossible to say no to that voice.

Leo nodded enthusiastically. George led him over to one of the raised benches, where he had Leo lie face-down. His ass and face were at perfect crotch height.

"Looks like you're already loosened up nicely," he said approvingly, stroking my son's hole with a finger. "Let's find out what you've been up to."

He knelt behind Leo's ass and swiftly buried his beard between Leo's cheeks. Leo moaned in appreciation as his hole was penetrated and explored by my cousin's tongue.

George pulled back, catching his breath. "I see you've met your grandfather."

"You can tell that?" Leo asked, impressed.

"Of course. I'd know the taste of that load anywhere." He dove back in, eating my son out with gusto. George always had a thing for cum.

He withdrew again with a smile, and I could see a trail of cream hanging from his lips. He stood and looked at me, and I knew what he wanted.

His mouth was full of cum from my son's ass, and with a kiss we swapped it back and forth. It tasted wonderful; I could taste my father, my brothers, and my nephews in it. Our tongues traded the creamy mouthful for a while, savouring it.

"I think I'd better repay the seed I stole," George said, returning his attention to my son's waiting hole. He lined himself up and teased Leo's ass with the head of his cock.

There wasn't really any need to go slow; Leo was well fucked and loose now. But George was gentle and methodical; he wasn't the kind of guy to slam his cock in impatiently. He liked to enjoy every moment slowly and thoroughly, even when he was caught in the lust of the full moon.

As my cousin inched his way slowly up into Leo's guts, I came around to the other side of the bench to his face. He opened his mouth wide, eager for my dick.

Taking a cue from George, I slid myself into his waiting lips slowly. Looking down to see my cock disappear behind my son's beard was wild; I knew I would never get tired of this. He was his daddy's cocksucking slut, and always would be.

Remembering the lessons I'd taught him, Leo opened up his throat and I was able to slide the whole thing in. I could see George hit bottom at the same time. Our eyes made contact, and we leaned in for a kiss over my son's body.

We continued making out as we both began to slide and in and out of him. Leo was doing really well. He was struggling a bit with my cock, but determined to let me fuck his throat. His hands were on my thighs, pulling me tight, encouraging me to use him.

We went at my cousin's pace, slow and even, enjoying each movement fully. He and I continued to make out and run our hands all over each other as we used Leo's holes. We knew all of each other's favorite spots to be touched, licked, and kissed. I returned to his neck, driving him wild with my lips, while he flicked and pinched my nipples.

I worked him up into a minor frenzy, and soon he was giving my son a good ride. I was a little more gentle fucking his throat, since he was still relatively inexperienced, but I could tell Leo was enjoying what we were both doing with our cocks.

When things began to crescendo, George stepped back and took a deep breath, pulling out of Leo's ass. I could tell Leo was disappointed and feeling that emptiness from the withdrawal of a good dick.

"Let's trade for a while," George suggested, coming around to Leo's face. I moved over and happily let him in. I moved around to take my position at my son's hole.

His opening was juicy, gaping, and loose. I admired it, proud of the work we'd done to stretch him open in such a short amount of time. I slid in easily, enjoying the sensations of my son's body from the inside. He was warm, slick with cum, and soft. I'd been inside a lot of men, but nothing compared to being inside my own son.

George's cock was thicker than my own, and Leo was definitely having trouble now. When George had slid in a past halfway, Leo began to choke.

George didn't pull back, though. He began running his fingers through the young man's hair, talking him through it. "It's okay... deep breaths, swallow. You can do this."

Leo's eyes were watering, but he wasn't resisting. Thick drool was escaping his lips. He did as he was told, and George was able to slowly keep entering his throat.

Leo's face was red and he was having a hard time, but he didn't want to stop. He even reached out and pulled George closer. Soon he was rewarded with a faceful of pubic hair; he was in all the way to the base.

George tousled Leo's hair appreciatively, and patted me on the shoulder. I was brimming with pride.

We got back to work giving Leo a good ride. I loved the feel of his loose hole; I was able to relax and give my son a good fucking now without worrying about hurting him. The fact that my own kin had helped me by stretching and fucking this hole was a huge turn-on.

We switched back and forth a couple of more times. George, as usual, was in no hurry. He fucked Leo's face and ass with the same long, measured strokes. He'd build up a bit of speed, but then slow down again. It was driving Leo wild.

Finally, he decided on a change of pace. He pulled out and had Leo stand.

Once he was upright we got a good look at my son's face; he was a happy mess. The simultaneous ass and throat-fucking had left him with glazed and teary eyes, dishevelled hair, sweat running down his forehead, and thick drool hanging from his mouth.

My cousin must have found it as much as turn-on as I did, because their faces met in a hot and heavy kiss. In a daze, Leo put his arms around the older man's broad shoulders to steady himself. George reached around him and effortlessly plucked him off the floor.

He laid Leo down carefully on the bench, on his back this time, Leo's much smaller body hidden under his hirsuite bulk. He reached down and pulled Leo's legs up by his ankles, exposing his glistening hole.

There was more urgency this time as he entered. With his body poised over top of Leo, he put all of his weight down as his cock disappeared into Leo's ass. Leo grunted as their hips slammed together.

I watched in awe; I knew what was coming next. There was always a point in my cousin's fucking when nature overtook him; I had experienced it many times myself. I could have joined in, but right now I only wanted to watch my son take a ramming from this beast.

They were face to face now, which made it harder for George to hold back. I saw him lock eyes with my son, and I saw that look of feral concentration. He started pounding harder and harder, and the noise of their flesh slamming into each other was filling the room.

George didn't use words much at this point; instead, with his face looming over Leo's, he started to growl. Leo looked afraid at first, but then the sound was turning him on. I knew that growl. My son was about to get another man's seed inside him.

The growl grew louder as instincts took over. His face came closer to his younger prey's, until their lips were touching. George's mouth twisted into a snarl. I could see the mix of fear and lust in my son's eyes.

And then, the growl grew quickly, and George slammed his body hard into my son. He arched his spine, threw his head back, and roared.

As his orgasm subsided, and he caught his breath, he looked down at his newest family member and grinned. He put his hand on Leo's shoulder, and leaned in for another kiss.

"Welcome, kid. I'm happy to have you as my kin."

"Thank you sir," Leo said proudly.