 New Year's is just a few days away and I can't wait because it means I'm going to get to suck a cock for the first time in a year.

This yearly ritual started three years ago. My wife has three close friends who have always gotten together on News Year's to exchange Christmas presents and spend the day visiting. Of course, we husbands tag along and usually end up watching football games, drinking a few beers and cooking barbecue. Three years ago, though, things took a little bit of change for me and one of the other husband's, Steve.

As luck would have it, Steve and his wife Beverly were able to get a nice four bedroom cabin overlooking Gatlingburg, Tennessee. It was a typical cabin, right down to the hot tub on the deck. I have a hard time sleeping the first night in a strange bed, so rather then fight the inevitable, I decided to sneak off and relax in the hot tub, hoping that would help me get to sleep.

Throughout the cabin I heard the sounds of snoring, so I figured I was pretty safe in slipping into the tub in the nude, since I forgot to pack a bathing suit. I settled into the tub and closed by eyes as the jets worked their magic on my back. I then began to let my fingers do their magic on my cock. I had a nice erection starting to build when I was shocked back to reality when someone else slipped into the tub opposite of me. My eyes jerked open just in time to see Steve, who was also naked, settle into the seat across from me.

"Sorry. I didn't mean to wake you," he said. "I guess we both had the same idea." At this he grinned as he glanced down at my growing cock.

"Ummmm," I stuttered, "I just needed to relax a little bit because I couldn't get to sleep. How about you?"

"Same here," he answered, again glancing at my cock through the churning water. 

By now my erection was softening and I was hoping Steve really hadn't noticed, but I also knew that he had to have gotten an eyeful before he climbed into the tub. 

I quickly changed the subject and we started talking about other things. All this time I couldn't help by notice that Steve kept one of his hands under the water and was playing with his own cock just as I had played with mine. Steve saw me looking and said, "Can I ask you something?"

"Sure," I answered.

He looked embarrassed and stammered a bit as he said, "I know we're both straight and all, but have you ever felt another guys cock before?" 

For the second time that night I was shocked back into reality. I really didn't know what to say because the husbands in this group have always made it a point to act as macho as possible. The truth of the matter was that I had not only touched another guys cock before, I had sucked a cock off and swallowed the sweet cum down my throat and I let another man fuck my ass a couple of times before that. But could I admit that to Steve? All of this had happened before I married Barb, and I had pretty much promised myself to close that chapter in my life. 

"I don't know," I answered. "Sort of, I guess. Why?"

"Sort of? You don't know, or you don't want to say?"

"Well, it was a long time ago," I started.

"Did you circle jerk, too?" Steve interrupted.

Surprised by the quick response, and seeing an easy way out I said, "Yeah, that was it. But it was a long time ago."

"Yeah. Me too. We had a group of guys that I hung out with and we would do circle jerks once in a while when one of the guys got a new Playboy and stuff. We got drunk one time and everyone agree to jerk off the guy to the right of them. Man, that was kind of fun, but I was a lot younger too, you know?"

It was getting close to two in the morning by this time, and I guess I wasn't thinking too clearly, but I asked him, "Do you ever have thoughts of doing something like that again," as I looked down at his own growing cock.

He looked down and realized his cock was now riding long and proud in front of him and quickly pulled his hand away. "Oh, no. No way. That would be gay, wouldn't it?"

"Gay? How is that? Seems to me that gay is two guys or two girls falling in love with each other and stuff like that. I don't think it necessarily applies to having sex. You know, like bisexuals?"

"You know, that's right. I guess as long as it's for fun and not for love it wouldn't really be gay, would it?

"Look," I said. "I'm going to go out on a limb here, OK? Nothing we say or do here is going to go any further. I'm going to stand up and get out of the tub next to you. If you want to do something, just touch me and we go from there. If you don't, that's cool too and I'll go on to bed and you can have to tub to yourself."

With that said I slowly rose and stepped across the tub, my now soften cock barely poking out above my hanging balls. At first I thought Steve was going to let me go, but then his hand rose from the water and tentatively reached out to touch the head of my cock.

I stopped and sat down on the edge of the tub next to him and said, "Go ahead. Touch my cock if you want to. It's been a long time for me too, and I think I would like that."

Steve's hand returned to my cock head, rubbing it gently between his fingers as the shaft slowly started to grow once again. He never looked at me, but kept his gaze glued to my growing cock.

"This is nice," he said. "I don't know why I've been wanting to do this, but it's just about all I've been thinking about lately."

"I know what you mean," I answered, leaning back and letting the water lap up against my balls as Steve began to slowly jerk on my now fully erect cock. "When I married Barb I didn't think I would ever do this again, but once in a while it just fills my head."

Steve now stopped and looked up at me. "So you have done this before?"

"I have to admit that I have. I hope you don't think the worst of me, but I am basically a bisexual. Barb doesn't know, and I thought I could stop, but seeing your cock like this just brought everything back."

"What all have you done?" he asked.

"Not a lot, really, mostly in my head, but I have had sex with a couple of guys in the past."

"By sex do you mean jerking off like this, or oral, or anal?"

"Yes," I laughed.

"Shit. I would have never imagined."

By this time Steve was pulling on my cock again and moved to where he face was right in front of my crotch. I could tell he was thinking about it, so I took the initiative and slowly pulled his head to my cock.

Without saying a word, Steve submitted to my hands and opened his mouth to receive the mushroom shaped head of my 7" cock. At first he took only the cock head and used his tongue to give me a great lashing. I could tell he was nervous as his hands were shaking now. 

"Are you OK?" I asked.

He pulled his mouth off my cock without looking up and said, "I'm fine. I just never dreamed I would actually get to do this. I'm just a little nervous."

"That's OK," I answered. "I was too the first time I did it, but you get used to it if you really want to do it."

Steve answered by lowering his mouth to my cock once again and taking in as much of my rock hard shaft as he could. He started fucking my cock up and down with his cunt mouth and used his right hand to jerk me off in rhythm with his sucking.

"Shit, that feels good," I said as the warmth of his mouth was sending chills down the rest of my body. "Keep going and I'll let you know when I'm ready to cum."

He kept slowly jerking up and down my spit-covered cock while he told me, "Don't worry. I want to taste everything." Steve then returned to sucking my cock giving it the best blowjob I've had in years. I don't care what anyone says, a guy can generally give head better than most women, and Steve was certainly proving that.

It didn't take long to push me over the edge and soon I was grabbing the back of Steve's head and shoving my cock deep into his mouth as I unloaded spurt after spurt of my hot cum. True to his word, Steve took in every drop. It was the most amazing feeling to have his tongue up against the underside of my cock working the cum down his throat. I could tell he was milking every last drop and I was more than willing to give him all that I had.

As my orgasm subsided my softening cock slipped out of his mouth, but he kept hold and worked out a few more drops, licking them out of the slit of my cock head.

"That was awesome," he sighed, finally letting my cock slip out of his hands.

"It sure was," I answered. "Are you sure you have never done that before?"

"Not once, but I have fantasized enough that I knew I could do a good job if I just had the chance."

I laughed a little and said, "You sound just like me the first time I did this. But how about you? You look like you still have a bit of a problem down there." I then reached into the water and grabbed his cock by the shaft and started to stroke his cock. The feeling, once again, sent shock waves through my body. I just love the feel of another man's cock. The hardness combined with the soft rubbery texture. And what a great cock he had. A little shorter than mine, but thick and full with one of the biggest heads I have ever seen, including in the videos.

Steve readjusted himself in the seat of the hub tub and asked, "Ummmm. I don't know how to ask this, but did you say you've also done anal?"

I grinned then know exactly what he wanted, and without another word I shifted around to point my eager ass right at his cock. I reached between my legs and grabbed that huge head and started to slowly move it around the opening of my ass. Slowly I pushed back while holding onto his cock to keep it stiff and on target. The jets of water were certainly helping too as the outer ring of my ass slowly opened up enough to take in the head of his cock.

"Oh my God," I sighed.

"Are you OK? I know it's a pretty big cock head. Can you handle this?" He asked.

But I also noticed he wasn't pulled back, and if anything it felt like his cock was expanding even more to the warm tightness of my ass. "No, no, don't worry about it," I answered in a low, husky growl. "God this feels so good, you just have no idea."

"No, but I want to some time," Steve replied as he began to apply more pressure on his cock to work more of the shaft into my loosening tube.

Nothing more was said as I started to relax more and more to allow easier access to his invading ramrod cock. It was small movements at first. It took several minutes just to get myself adjusted to the sheer width of this monster cock invading my ass. But it was well worth the time and effort. Once I felt my ass check make contact with his thighs I stopped to let both of us catch our breaths.

"God that feels so good," he whispered. "I have never felt anything this tight before. Beverly will never let me fuck her ass."

"She has no idea what's she's missing, that's for sure," I answered as I slowly eased my ass back off his cock only to slam back down onto his thighs. We had to be careful, though, because that movement was causing a little bit too much noise. "I have an idea," I said and moved my ass off his cock. I could tell he was disappointed, but I quickly pivoted around to face Steve and said, "Don't worry. You're going to get to fuck my ass, we just have to be a little quieter."

Steve didn't say another word but waited anxiously as I repositioned my ass to take in his cock. Luckily, the seats in this particular hot tub were recliners, letting Steve lean back and giving me easy access to his cock. Once again I reached behind me and took a hold of that monster shaft of his and guided that plum sized head back to my now gaping asshole,

It didn't take long before I was once again impaled by this two inch thick cock. With his cock buried fully into my ass and gently pressing up against my prostate, I began a gentle, but insistent rocking motion with my hips. It didn't allow much movement of his cock in and out of my ass, which I would have loved to have felt, but I knew from past experience that it was one of the quickest ways to get a guy off. Steve was in obvious heaven as his hands were gabbing my ass cheeks and forcing as much of his cock into my back chute as he could. I swear if he could get his balls in there he would have certainly tried, but since he couldn't, I took the opportunity to reach back and fondle them with my right hand. And what a set of balls they were. If his was the thickest cock I had ever seen, his balls may have been among the biggest.

"Shit, man. How much cum do these things pump out," I sighed, as wave after wave or pleasure was beginning to work through me.

"Oh, God. I'm a pretty big cummer, man. I guess I should have warned you."

"I've never been fucked by a big cummer before. The two times I let a guy fuck me I couldn't even tell he had cum. So bring it on, bring it on."

Steve's breathing was getting heavier and more rapid and I could tell he was getting close. I shifted my position slightly to get a little more action in and out with his cock, which was enough to send him over the edge.

"Oh, God. That's so good. I'm so close," he muttered.

"Let it go," I said. "Just let go. Flood my ass with your hot cum. I want to feel you squirt that cum in my ass."

Steve grabbed my ass and grunted as he shoved the last inch of cock deep into my ass. The next thing I felt was absolutely incredible as the first huge spurt of cum gushed onto my prostate and into my bowels. Steve continued to grunt and I could feel spurt after spurt shooting out of his cock, filling my chute and seeping out around the base of my ass and onto his balls.

I didn't think he was ever going to stop and I really didn't want him to, but eventually Steve eased his grip on my red hot ass and relax his legs allowing his still hard cock to flop out of ass bringing along with it streams and streams of his hot cum.

"Shit, man. That was huge," I said, reaching back to my ass hoping to scoop of some of his cum with my fingers. The jets of the hot tub carried most of it away, but my hand came out of the water with enough of the sticky prize to let me get a taste of his salty seed.

Licking at my fingers I said, "I would love to have you shoot that load in my mouth sometime."

"If you did, you would be the first. Beverly can't stand it. She makes me wear a rubber because she hates how much cum I shoot into her. She loves the sex, but doesn't like the volume of my cum. To be honest, no one has ever sucked me off."

I looked Steve in the eyes and said with a grin, "There's always tomorrow night."

Since that night, we have made it an annual event to find a way to get some private time to enjoy our once a year outing of man to man sex. The latest chapter is about to begin in just a few days and my cock is growing hard already thinking about the possibilities, especially since Steve says he is now ready to let me fuck him in the ass. But that will be another story to tell.