 I want to thank faithful reader Noel for helping me work through a serious writer's and making suggestions for this episode of this story. Thanks, Noel, I appreciate it.

*****

From Part 4

The police officers looked at each other and then at the waiter. He was a handsome young man. Dark colouring, tufts of hair peeking above his t-shirt collar, bright toothy smile. At the same time they declared, "You're on!"

"Meet me near the washrooms in two minutes." 

Sam and Hans grinned at each other and the former said, "What have we gotten ourselves into?"

"I don't know, but if I can get a second cock up my ass tonight I'm all for it."

They made their way toward the washrooms, before reaching them the waiter beckoned them into a small storage room. One of the bartenders was already there. The waiter locked the door and announced, "God, I love fucking older men. Strip!"

*****

Part 5

"No!" yelled the bartender.

"No? We don't want them naked?" responded the waiter.

"D'uh. Of course we want them naked but let's have some fun doing it." The bartender walked up to the cops and rubbed his hands across their heads. "With these haircuts these guys are either military or cops," he looked at them quizzically.

"Cops," Sam and Hans said simultaneously.

"Cops. So let's have some fun," he walked away then turned back. "So, macho policemen, we want to see you two make out together. Kissing. Caressing. The whole nine yards. Take off each other's shirts as you make out and drop the pants to the floor. Go!" If the bartender expected hesitation in his two patsies he was disappointed.

"Time to give the punters what they paid for," said Hans as he leaned in and gave Sam a quick peck on the lips.

Sam looked at Hans quizzically before following suit. 

"Hey, none of that crap. I want to see open mouths and tongue action."

Sam grabbed the back of Hans' head, pulled him forward and jammed his tongue in his colleague's mouth. They tongue wrestled as they kissed, allowing their hands to wander sensuously over each other's bodies.

Hans quickly learned, as had Ten-J earlier, the sensitivity of Sam's nipples by tweaking them. He lowered his head to allow for tongue and teeth action on those responsive little nubs. Sam groaned in pain/pleasure. 

"Hot!" declared the waiter, "these guys are really getting into it, aren't they?"

"Seems we got a couple of live ones tonight," responded the bartender as he moved closer and mashed Hans' face onto Sam's nipple.

It wasn't long before the officers were loosening each other's belts and dropping pants to the floor as ordered. They took turns sucking on the rigid cocks revealed, but were allowed that pleasure for only a moment. 

The two bar staff stood before the two cops scowling down on them. "Too bad these guys aren't in uniform then they'd have handcuffs we could use," said the waiter

"Yeah, that would be great."

Hans broke off his sucking and said, "Check the pocket of my jacket. The blue jacket. Left pocket."

The waiter pulled out three or four plastic things. "What the hell are these things?"

Hans explained, "Restraints. They are used in place of the old metal cuffs. Harder to get out of and easier to carry around."

"Okay, let's give them a try. Stand up. Turn around. Hands behind your backs." With the two officers in position the young men slid the restraints onto their wrists.

"Not too tight," warned Sam, "or you'll cut off the circulation."

With the officers' hands secured, the bartender demanded, "Okay, now, you guys are going to suck our cocks. But first you have to get them out of our pants. Using your mouths. And only your mouths." 

The officers shuffled up to the younger men on their bare knees and went to work on opening their pants. Sam had the harder task as the waiter was wearing a belt. He tugged at the belt and was finally able to open it. Hans was already slurping on the bartender's cock. A few quick yanks on the button and zipper freed Sam's reward.

Once the cocks were free they were rammed into the cops' mouths. There was no subtlety or romance in this. The two younger men were very turned on and very much into dominating the older men. They plunged in as deeply as they could, pulled back completely and then rammed in again. Repeatedly. 

Sam and Hans took what they were given, enjoying the feeling of having no control at all in the situation.

With their excitement building the younger men stopped the action and ordered their 'victims' to lie on their backs. It was not easy to get into that position, and that position was quite painful. Sam and Hans tried to manoeuvre themselves into a semi-comfortable position but didn't have the opportunity before their ankles were grabbed and they were folded in double.

Again, without ceremony, the younger men drove their cocks into the older. This time up their asses. Both officers groaned in pain at the dry entry but soon moaned in pleasure as the rigid cocks spread their holes.

"Christ, these guys are really into it," proclaimed the waiter as he repeatedly speared Sam's eager hole. He dug into his pocket for his cell and dialled a number as he fucked, "Yeah, its me. Grab Mos and head to the storeroom. ... Oh, yeah we have a couple of horny bastards ready for the fucking."

The bartender laughed then called, "Switch." In a practiced move, the two bar staff pulled out with audible 'plops', shuffled over and rammed their cocks back into the policemen before them. 

Moments later the door opened and two more young bar staff entered, already opening their pants and tugging out stiff cocks. They positioned themselves next to the officers' mouths and shoved in. "Where did you find these two?"

"Upstairs talking about needing cock. Didn't need much persuasion. Hell, no persuasion at all. Fucking cum dumps. Both of them."

"Sucks good but I want some ass. Move over," said the newcomer as he withdrew from Sam's mouth and scrambled down to his ass.

The bartender grumbled at having to vacate Sam's ass but plowing his slime-covered cock into Sam's mouth compensated him for that inconvenience. The waiter and the other newcomer switched orifices on Hans. 

And the mini-orgy continued as the young men rotated at the four holes available in turn until the bartender glanced at his watch and growled, "Fuck, we got to get back." All four fuckers increased their pace of pounding and shot thick loads into their target holes.

After all four blew their spunk, the waiter demanded, "Okay, you guys need to clean our cocks so we can go back to work." 

The cleaning hardened all four cocks but the young men zipped up and left the room rather than take further advantage of the two older men. Nor did they make an effort to relieve the hard dripping cocks of the officers. They simply turned off the lights, closed and locked the door leaving the restrained men on the floor. A faint light from a dirty window illuminated the scene.

"Guess when you work for tips you leave like that," joked Sam.

"Guess so," replied Hans, "So what do we do with these?" He nodded at his own hard cock.

"Suffer in stoic silence?" suggested Sam humorously. 

"Or find ourselves a gang bang somewhere?" laughed Hans.

"There is a bar filled with men out there," Sam said, only half joking.

"Hell, let's go to the station locker room and let everyone use us for the night."

"Personally, I am too close to retirement with full pension for that. So I guess two power bottoms like us have no choice but to go home and fuck our wives a few times. But I have a question first."

Hans waited.

"Before we started you said 'Time to give the punters what they paid for.'" 

"Yeah, what about it?"

"The partner who served the gang with you... That was Hal Winstanley, wasn't it?"

"How... how did you figure that out?" Hans paused before it dawned on him. "Oh, of course..."

"Hal and I play squash regularly and he always says that if there is someone watching. Always. So, being a good policeman, I put two and two together. Oh, my god, Winstanley, that pompous Englishman, a gang bitch like me. Never would have thought. I cannot believe that of Hal. But then I can't believe it of me either, now that I think about it," Sam couldn't help but chuckle.

"Ever wonder how many of us there are out there?" Hans asked.

"Us?"

"You know, coppers who get themselves fucked by gangs or by the public. Hell, by convenient horny waiters." 

Sam pondered before responding, "I'd like to think more than just the four of us. That would make me feel better about getting my ass royally reamed." Hans laughed and nodded agreement. "Do you think we should start a club? Maybe do a Google search for 'Gang fucked police officers' or 'Cops with open asses' or ..." 

"Might be worth a try. You never know." Hans looked more serious than Sam would have thought.

"You realize I was joking, don't you?" he asked.

"Well, d'uh, yes, I do, but still, knowing we're not the only ones and having others to share stories with, or better yet, gangs with, that would be hot. Don't you think?"

"I suppose you're right. I know I got hot and bothered when you were telling your stories," Sam acknowledged. "Right now, I think we need to get dressed and get out of here. Now, if we had a way to cut these restraints. ... Come to think of it why did you have them?"

Hans chuckled, "Well, not the reason you're thinking. I did a talk at a high school and showed the kids how we restrain perps these days. A couple of the guys snuck these from my stash and tried to make off with them. I got them back and stuffed them in my pocket and didn't get around to putting them back."

"Sure, sure. Wasn't it Freud who said there are no accidents or coincidences or something like that? You subconsciously wanted something like these to happen, didn't you?" Sam laughed.

Hans joined in the laughter, "All right. All right! I confess I kept them so I could be tied up in a dark storeroom with you. I feel so much better now that I've told the truth. ... So see anything we can use to get out of these?"

Seriously Sam responded, "I noticed some box cutters on those crates when we first came in. Now getting at them may be a problem." 

As they struggled to get to from their backs to their knees, the door was unlocked and the lights came on. A very young looking teenager stared at the men for a moment but said nothing at the sight of two nearly naked middle-aged men on the floor as he entered.

Hans glanced at Sam before saying, "Hi there."

"Hi there," responded the teen without looking at them. He muttered to himself, "High ball glasses. High ball glasses."

Hans tried again, "You may be wondering what we're..."

The teen looked Hans in the eye, "You know when I first started here two months ago, yeah, I may have wondered but now, not so much."

Sam had to ask, "Why not now?"

The teen leaned against the crates, "Well, you see, the first couple of times I came across nude dudes in here I was, okay, I was surprised but I have learned the other guys on staff regularly, and I mean regularly, bring customers in here and use them for sex. So seeing guys like you with cum dripping off them doesn't surprise me anymore. True, they are usually not tied up like you but, hey, I don't judge what gets people off." His eyes swept the room, "Ah, there they are." He grabbed a box labelled 'High Ball Glasses' and headed for the door.

Quickly, Hans stopped him, "Uh, before you leave, do you think you could...?"

The teen stopped, put down the box, and sighed "Oh, alright. Not my thing but I am horny." He pulled his cock from his fly, walked up to Sam and pushed into his mouth. He lacked finesse and drove in hard and deep.

Ever the policeman, Hans had to ask, while watching his partner is sex servicing the teen, "How old are you, may I ask?"

Pulling his focus from the pleasure his cock was enjoying, he responded, "Eighteen. Uncle Max won't hire anyone until they are eighteen. Not even family. I had to wait until I turned eighteen before he would start me even though I finished school three months before that. Stupid."

"Good to hear that. ... Actually, the reason I stopped you was not to do what you're doing but to ask if you could cut these before you leave." Hans awkwardly showed his bound wrists to the fellow. "Box cutter on that crate there."

With an exasperated sigh, the teen leaned over and grabbed the box cutter and leaned toward Hans. He realized to get at the wrists of the sitting man he would have to remove his cock from Sam's mouth. He was not willing to do that. So he grasped the back of Sam's head and pulled the older man with him as he leaned over. A quick swipe of the blade severed the link between Hans' hands. The box cutter clattered to the floor as the teen returned to the matter at hand - getting off in the warm mouth enveloping his cock.

Hans gratefully eased his sore shoulders before cutting the restraints off completely. While Sam still sucked Hans released him as well.

His arms free, Sam pulled the teen's ass forward so he could give the fellow his best attention. The kid responded to the extra attention by blowing his load - a thick and copious load that dribbled from the corners of Sam's mouth.

"Thanks, man. Gotta go." Tucking his cock into his fly, picking up his box of glasses the teen moved off. "Make sure you lock the door and turn off the lights when you leave." And he was gone.

"Least he has some manners," Hans quipped.

Sam dragged a finger through the dribbles of cum and held it out to Hans, "And some great tasting cum too." Hans licked Sam's finger and savoured the flavour of their rescuer, nodding his agreement. They dressed in silence and left the storeroom making sure they turned off the light and locked the door behind them.

On the walk back to the station they exchanged 'normal' police chitchat avoiding what had just happened and their previous topic. They climbed into their respective cars, went home and fucked their respective wives - several times.

Sam was very energized the next morning. Invigorated by the thrill of having someone, besides Devon, with whom he could share his deepest, darkest secret knowing he would not be judged. And someone with whom he could share future fuckings was even hotter. At the very thought his cock hardened. So frequently throughout his shift did his cock harden he had to hide his crotch constantly while standing.

An hour before the end of his shift Sam answered his cell phone. He almost shot his load when he heard, "Grandpa pig, we want to use your ass tomorrow night. Piglet is ready to go. You in?"

"Sir, yes, sir! I'm in. When and where?"

"Great. 8:00 at the building. See you then."

Sam caught Ten-J before he hung up, "Sir? Can I bring a friend to join us?"

"A 'friend'? What kind of friend?"

"Another cop."

"He know what he's in for?"

Sam smiled, "Oh, yes, sir, and I guarantee he's up for it."

"Sounds good. Oh, be in uniform."

Sam's smile got bigger, "Yes, sir. Understood, sir."

Ten-J chuckled as he disconnected.

Sam instantly dialled Oosterhus's extension number, "Hey, Hans, you up for getting your ass plugged tomorrow night?"

"Why, you going to get the waiter and his buddies to pound us again?"

"Better. Much better. My gang has ordered me to appear tomorrow at 2000 hours. I asked if I could bring a friend," Sam paused.

"And? And? Can you bring a friend? Don't fucking tease me, Sam, are they going to fuck me tomorrow?"

Sam chuckled at the eagerness of Hans' response, even though he expected nothing less, "Yes, they agreed you could come too. Devon's going to be there, too. Let's leave from here at 1945, okay?"

"I'll be ready. I'll wait in the locker room for you."

"Good. Oh, and wear a uniform but no underwear."

Hans eagerly agreed.

"See you then. ... And, Hans, don't beat off too much at the thought of being gang-banged again." Sam laughed loudly at his own joke as he hung up. The officers in the area looked at him. He acknowledged their stares with a smiling nod of his head.