 Hiya everyone. I apologize for taking so long to get this one out. To everyone that enjoyed the Staring at the ocean series, you recognize some of the characters in this one and most of my other stories as well. The reason for this is because I thought up story lines that link most of the characters before I actually started writing them. This is also the first time I've written something from a gay male perspective (sorry if that offends anyone), I'm a girl so I just might not know what the hell I'm talking about but then again I mostly read gay male stories (call me weird, but it's kinda hot), so hopefully it's authentic.

Thanks to Angel that once again waved her fluffy editors wand over this chapter and didn't hate the story to much. I hope you enjoy it and there will be more coming if you like it, so let me know what you think. These chapters will also be longer in coming as I'm still busy writing them.

Hope you enjoy it!

*

"You're gonna get yourself killed!" Jake said the words into the headset he was wearing. Speaking to an unseen agent was not his idea of fun for a Saturday morning, but Agent Reilly McCormack needed his special kind of help.

"Would you stop bitching. If I wanted someone to nag me all day long, I would've married Scott," came the reply.

Jake chuckled at that and muttered back, "Hey, it's your ass man. Gibbs asked me to help, so I can't have you ignoring the Intel." Jake exhaled slowly.

"Look, if I make it through this alive, you can have my ass. Right now I need to get that woman out of here. Please." Jake didn't even notice that Reilly had offered him his ass.

"What woman?" He wanted to know. He sucked in a breath when all of a sudden he noticed the eerie silence of static in his ear. He turned to the tech.

"What happened?"

"I don't know, it's like the wires were cut."

"Jesus." Jake went cold, instantly knowing something happened to Reilly. Not to mention this woman he was talking about.

"I'm going over there." Jake was gone in the blink of an eye. Half way to his truck he had his kevlar vest strapped to his chest and was checking his weapon. Once inside the truck he was ready to go and raced toward the villa where Reilly infiltrated a mob family as an assassin. All his 'victims' had new lives after he 'killed' them, thanks to witness protection.

The problem was there was a leak inside the Agency. They still had no idea where the leak came from.

Jake Fox has been working with Reilly. Having never actually seen Reilly he had no idea how he was going to find him. They had been in contact for almost four full weeks and to say that Jake was a little in love with the agent was an understatement.

As Jake drove, his thoughts turned back to late night conversations he had with Reilly. Reilly let slip, a week after first contact that he was gay, when he talked of Scott, his ex-boyfriend. Jake didn't even hesitate and asked him if he knew what the odds were of two of the Internal Intelligence Agency's agents being gay were.

Their relationship took on more of an intimate turn after that.

Instinct took over when he saw someone in the middle of the road. Jake pushed hard against the brakes, coming to a stop inches for a bleeding man. Withdrawing his weapon, Jake kept the gun trained on the guy and slowly made his way around the truck.

"Jesus, what the fuck!" he exclaimed. "Are you trying to bleed your ass to death?" 

The bleeding guy's reply came out on a whisper, "I told you earlier, you can have my ass later. Just get me the fuck out of here."

Jake knew he just met Agent Reilly McCormack. He wasn't what he expected. It could've been the fact that his hair was dirty and matted to his head with blood. He had bruises on his face and a cut above his left eye that dripped blood over his face and neck. His clothes were dirty, torn and drenched in blood.

"Jesus, what happened?" Jake caught Reilly in his arms when he stumbled forward.

"Shot," was all Reilly could get out.

Jake helped Reilly to the passenger seat. He grabbed a towel that lying was on the backseat and gave it to Reilly. He ran to the driver side and got in. He turned to look at Reilly.

"Keep some pressure on those wounds," he said as he fired up the truck. Jake looked at Reilly from the corner of his eye. Reilly laid his head back on the seat and rolled his head in Jake's direction.

"Hey, I'll be fine. Just get me to a hospital." 

Jake shot a pained look in Reilly's direction and said, "Hang on. This could get rough." But Reilly didn't hear because he was already passed out. 

Grateful that Reilly had passed out, Jake broke every single traffic law getting to the hospital. When he reached the hospital, he saw two doctors standing outside the ER doors. He ran around to Reilly's door shouting at the doctor's.

"Over here, come help me." One doctor rushed over while the other went to go raise the alarm inside and get a gurney. Jake quickly explained as best he could. Before reaching the doors his cell phone rang. 

Knowing he had to answer he growled into the phone, "Fox."

"Where are you?" The voice was that of his boss.

"University Hospital. Agent McCormack is having bullets removed."

"Christ. Well, there's nothing you can do there. Get your ass back to the villa. There are bodies everywhere and I need you on Garcia JR." The line went dead before Jake could respond.

Torn between orders from his boss and concern for Reilly, Jake stood alone in the ER parking lot.

Making his decision, he ran through the doors and spoke to the receptionist. He showed her his credentials and left his card and instructions to be called with Reilly's progress.

Jumping back in the truck, he high-tailed it back the way he came. He prayed all the way that the guy who shot Reilly was dead. Else, he'd be standing trail for murder.

 *** *** ***