 This draft completed early January 2007 

*This is a work of fiction, blah blah blah. Any resemblances to reality are purely coincidental, blah blah blah. 

*

Smoke curled upwards from the man's cigar like a wayward sailboat at sea. A glass of tea sat in front of him, ornamented with a lemon. Slowly he raised the cigar to his lips and took a deep drag, held the smoke in his mouth for several long seconds, and released it in a long, steady stream. 

"Omir?" a voice speaking in Turkish called from the corridor outside the dark study where the man was seated. 

"Yes," was the man's terse reply.

"It is I, Ertan." 

Omir titled his head slightly in acknowledgement. He set his cigar down in an ashtray and followed the other man's movements with his eyes. Ertan inched his way toward where Omir was seated. He lowered himself so that he was level with Omir. A slight smile formed on Ertan's face.

"I really cannot help but notice that you seem less than exalted to see me," he said slowly as a nervous laugh escaped him. Omir said nothing. Ertan cleared his throat and tried again.

"You know, as charming as you are when you're silent and scowling, you really do have a lovely smile. Do you think you could put it on display for me?"

Again, Omir was silent. Ertan arose, and said "Right. Be seeing you."

He started to walk away, but he stopped when Omir spoke. "Wait. Don't go away. I'm sorry, darling—I really would like to speak to you."

Ertan turned around and faced Omir. 

"You know I love you," Omir began slowly. "You must know that. I love you more than anyone or anything." He sighed. "But I've taken on a new case that's put me in the constant company of a man that I work with. I…I think I'm falling for him, Ertan!" Omir leaned forward and, with his elbows on his desk, buried his face in his hands. 

For several moments neither man spoke. Ertan once again made his way over to where Omir was seated. This time, however, he did not lower himself to be level with the seated Omir. He towered over the other man. With the full impact of Omir's words having hit him, he began to speak impassionedly.

"What are you telling me, Omir? You say you love me more than anything, yet you're willing to toss me aside for another man you've just met? Is that what you're telling me?" He was shouting now, gesticulating in ways that he wasn't even aware of. 

Omir looked up and stared his lover full in the face. "Never, Ertança, never. That is never what I would say nor do to you. By Allah, you must know that I would never leave you for another man."

Ertan stared at the floor, his fists clenched at his sides. Also clenched were his buttocks and his innards, although he was not at all aware of this. "Then suppose you tell me," he hissed, "what you are telling me."

Omir arose from his chair and took Ertan's fists. He unclenched them and intertwined Ertan's fingers with his own. He looked deeply into Ertan's eyes and gazed at him intently until Ertan could not possibly look away. 

"All I'm saying is that I want you to meet this man. I'm almost positive he's homosexual. If you like him and he agrees, maybe we can invite him over one night and hopefully, you know…" 

"We can fuck him senseless?" Ertan finished for him. He let out an incredulous laugh. "I can't believe you. I simply cannot believe you. This is…" He sighed. "This is one hell of a proposal that you're springing on me. I just don't know…."

"It would only be after I fuck you senseless," Omir replied, giving Ertan a peck on the lips. "Why not just give him a try? You know he would never in any way take your place. No one possibly could after twenty-three years." Ertan smiled, and tears began to fill his eyes and fall down his cheeks. The two men embraced and held each other tightly for at least a minute. Then they walked out of the study arm in arm.

 * * *