 Last Saturday was a warm one for Michigan this time of year, and I was sitting out on my front porch having a smoke. After just a few minutes out there, my new neighbors pulled up in their driveway and I watched as the husband, his name was Bill, got out of the car and started walking towards his house. It looked like his wife fell out of her door and he had to come back and practically carry her into the house. "Must have been a fun night." I thought. More fun than mine anyway. It was about midnight and my wife had been asleep for almost two hours already, and here I sat on the porch smoking and having a few beers.

After a short time Bill came back out and lit up a smoke. He must have seen me under the porch light because he waved. I waved back and said "Hi, neighbor."

"Hi." He said across the yard. "How's it going?"

"Pretty good. You?"

"Same."

"Looks like you had a fun night."

"Um, not really." He said as walked towards me.

I sized him up, wondering as I do in situations with possibilities, if he would be the second man I sucked. He must have changed, because I could see now that he was just wearing sleep pants, a t-shirt and some sandals. He also had a drink in his hand that looked like just whisky and ice. I stayed seated until he got there, then responded: 

"Why not?"

"Angela."

"What about her?"

"She's drunk again."

"I see." I wasn't really too sure what to say as we had never had more than a 30 second conversation before and never more interesting than the weather. My curiosity was piqued, though, so I said "That happens a lot?"

"Seems to lately."

"Why is that?"

"Well, it seems like whenever I think we have an opportunity to have some 'together time' she gets too drunk to do it."

"Wow. That sucks." I said.

"Tell me about it."

This conversation was about sex already and I was going to try and steer it towards seeing if he might be open to the possibility that I wanted.

"Any idea why?"

"Yeah, I think so..." He stopped.

"Well, you can't stop now... unless you want to."

"It started a few months ago..." He stopped again.

"And?"

"And we went to a friend's house that was having a party. One of Angela's coworkers needed a ride, we ended up coming back to our house and... well... we had a threesome. Things haven't been the same since."

"Hmm. Sounds like fun to me." I said.

"Yeah. It was fun."

"Was she hot?"

"It wasn't a she."

This was perfect. I thought on this for a second, then said "You mean it was you and another dude and your wife?"

"Yep. I'm not gay or anything, but it was fun. Totally hot, actually."

"It sounds hot. I'd love to see my wife fucked by another guy. " I paused for a second like I had to think about my next words. "And to be honest, I wouldn't mind playing around with the guy a bit."

"Yeah, it was fun alright. But it's probably the reason she doesn't want to have sex lately."

I ignored that comment and asked, "Is it something you'd like to try again?"

"Which part?"

"The playing around with the guy part."

"Yeah, I think I would if the timing and circumstances were right, I guess."

"When?"

He looked me in the face and asked, "What do you mean?"

"I mean like, when would you want to try it again?"

"I dunno, I guess."

Now was my chance.

"How about now?" I asked.

He must not have been wearing any underwear, because I saw the front of his sleep pants move a little bit as his cock started to grow. 

"Well, it does sound fun. I dunno, though."

"It looks like you want to." I said and pointed to the tenting of his pants.

He looked down and laughed a little. "Yeah, I guess it knows what it wants." He paused like he was going to say something, but didn't.

"It could be fun," I said "and if it's not, then no harm done. I know I'm sure as hell not going to tell anyone about it either way."

"Shit, no way. Neither would I." He paused again, like he was mulling it over.

I was about to say something when he spoke up, "Fuck it. Let's go over to my place."

Oh my god, I thought. It's really going to happen. I'm going to suck my second cock. Mine was already painfully hard in my shorts and I had butterflies in my stomach from the anticipation of it. 

I followed him back to his house. He seemed a little drunk from the way he walked, but maybe that helped his decision.

Once inside, I whispered "What about your wife? Will she wake up?"

"No way. C'mere and I'll show you."

I followed him down the hall and into his bedroom. There was Angela lying on the bed, fully nude and in a fetal position facing away from us. I could see her blonde hair, the curve of her back and what looked like a really nice ass with her feet tucked up under it. He reached out, touched her hip and gave her a little shake and said her name. She just gave out a little grunt and never moved. 

"Told ya." He said and motioned me out of the room.

I took one more glance back at his naked wife on the bed and then followed him downstairs. 

Once down there he turned to face me and asked, "So... how do you want to do this?"

"Well, do you really want to play with another guy?"

"Yes."

That was all I needed to hear. I pulled my t-shirt off and started on my shorts. My cock was rock hard and sprang free. It was curving upwards, throbbing with every heartbeat, and so hard it almost hurt.

He looked at my cock, then at me and got on his knees. I took a step forward until it was just inches from his face. He looked it over like it was the first one he'd ever seen and then reached up to grab it. Slowly he started to jerk me off. After about a minute of this, a drop of pre-cum appeared at the tip and he took his first taste as he rubbed me on his lips and then licked it off. Apparently he liked it, because that's when the blow job really began. He sucked me and stroked me like he'd done it all his life, or maybe it just felt so good because I was so damn horny for cock. Either way, it was great and I told him so.

"God, that feels good. Do you like sucking me?"

He just nodded with his mouth full. 

"Fuck dude, I can tell. Suck me like your wife does to you. Show me what that's like."

He changed his tactic a bit and coated my cock with his saliva and began milking it. He held the head in his mouth, licking it and was pulling on the shaft from the base up to his mouth, going hand over hand. It was kind of like how a farmer milks a cow. Whatever it was, it felt damn good and before long I felt my cock give a small spasm and almost lost it. I didn't want to cum yet and quickly pulled back from him a bit. I almost fell over from the treatment, but steadied myself by grabbing one of his shoulders. 

"Shit, that was close." I said.

He reached up and gently stroked my cock and said, "Not close enough. As long as we're doing this I wanna taste it, too."

"You will. But I need a chance with you first."

"Ok." Was all he said as he staggered to his feet and pulled off his shirt.

Guess I never really noticed before, but my neighbor was ripped. He had rounded hard biceps, strong forearms, actual pecs with nice nips on the end of them and a truly hard stomach. I thought I was in decent shape, but nothing like this. He put me to shame.

His sleep pants came off next.

"Oh my god." I said as his cock sprang into view.

It was seriously huge. I found out later that it was a little over eight inches long. He was circumcised and the shaft was perfectly cylindrical and fat. When I get hard, my cock sticks straight out and curves up some, but his hung a little beyond halfway down, probably held down by its own massive weight. It was beautiful and I wanted it bad.

"Do you want to stand or sit?" I asked him.

"I think I'd better sit. The alcohol is kicking in some."

I watched as he made his way to the couch, with that huge piece of meat swinging with each step, then I got down to my hands and knees and crawled to where he was to worship his dick.

I kneeled up straight in front of him and between his legs to look him over. I felt like a little boy compared to him and I wanted to serve him and do whatever he wanted. I wanted to do things I had never wanted before. I wanted to eat him up, lick him wherever he wanted me to, have his cum all over me, be abused by him and fucked by him. My cock jerked when I thought of his dick in my ass, making me cry in pain as he fucked me. Just the thought of it almost made me cum.

With these thoughts running through my head, all I could bring myself to say was:

"If Angela doesn't give you what you want, I'm right next door and will do whatever you say whenever I can." And with that, I lowered myself to his cock.

I could smell it right away and it was musky from his night at the party, but I didn't care. I grabbed it with my left hand and held it up straight. It felt heavy and the skin was soft wrapped around that hard core. I wasted no time and shoved as much as I could into my mouth. It was huge, and I could only get about a third of it in, but I feasted on that third like a starving man, bobbing on it and drooling like I was possessed.

It was good to be on my knees again and sucking dick like a bitch.

I could tell he liked it too, by his moans and the way he was starting to fuck my face. I tried to tell myself to slow down and enjoy this, but the animal in me took over and I used my mouth like a pussy sucking him in and out and jerking him off with two hands that barely fit around his cock. I was working him hard and in a matter of minutes I could tell he was close. His dick got even bigger and harder and he froze. I pulled my hands down making the skin tight, just like I do with mine. He whispered an "Oh fuck" and came with a huge oozing pulse. I watched as it came out the tip, ran down that massive head and over my knuckles. He shot two more loads and I sucked him back in, finally tasting cum again. He jerked from the intensity of it all as I started to suck and clean him up, his cock still twitching and pushing cum into my hungry mouth. I fucking loved it and wanted more. I licked from base to tip and got every drop of it, and wiped my slippery hands on my chest.

I felt him start to soften in my mouth a little and looked up. He had one arm thrown up over his eyes and was breathing hard. I stopped nursing his cock just long enough to ask if he was ok, then started licking again. 

"Yes." He said "That was hot. I needed that."

"I needed it too, and I'll do it anytime."

"Good. Now I need to finish you."

"Are you sure you still want to?"

"Yeah, I'm sure."

I stood up and offered myself to him again. He sat up straight, grabbed my dick and started jerking me off. It felt good. He knew how to handle a cock better than my own wife and she was very good at it. I looked down at this muscular neighbor of mine, with his half hard cock that was still as big as mine when it was fully hard, masturbating me and waiting for me to cum. It wasn't going to take long and I told him so. He sucked me back into his mouth and my knees got weak, forcing me to put my hands on his shoulders to steady myself. I almost never cum when my wife sucks me, but it was probably under a minute before my cock got even harder and I warned him, "I'm gonna cum." He just moaned as I froze and pumped what felt like a gallon of cum into his mouth. Sometimes when I cum it feels like just a little comes out, sometimes it feels like more, and this felt like a record. I felt his mouth close around me as he swallowed a couple times and I steadied myself, gripping his shoulders again from the sensations.

I managed an "Oh, my god." As he pulled his head back to release my cock and lean back onto the couch.

I looked down at him relaxing there, with his soft cock hanging between his spread legs and wanted nothing more than to get back down on the floor and nurse it back to hardness. Even after just cumming I wanted more. It's not like I even wanted more for myself, I wanted to service him more and give that rare and relaxing after cum blowjob just to make him feel good.

Not wanting to overstay my welcome, though, I sat next to him on the couch and faced him.

"You ok with what we did?" I asked.

"Yes. Very ok."

"Good. I am too. I think we're gonna be good neighbors.

He chuckled a little and said "Yeah, so do I."

"Alright. I don't wanna overstay my welcome, so I'm gonna head out."

"Ok. I should probably go to bed, anyway."

I stood up and got dressed. "I can see myself out." He just nodded as I gave one last look at my naked neighbor still laying back on the couch, then turned and left.