 It was 5pm when Mark's mom and sister pulled up in their van to drop Mark off after the weekend family reunion at the farm. Gus had texted Aaron and let him know that while he appreciated the invite, he was going to pass on dinner for tonight so Aaron and Mark could spend some time together. It was just two days ago that Mark, after three years of silence, had begun speaking. Aaron was a bundle of nerves and exchanged pleasantries with his sister-in-law and mother-in-law while offloading Mark's things and getting him situated back in their house. 

"Hey Aaron," Mark said as he scooted his electric wheelchair back into the house, "How was your weekend?"

"I had a nice weekend, how was the reunion?" Aaron replied, not knowing how to navigate conversation with the man he'd spilled every thought and word to without response for years. 

"It was really nice to catch up with everyone, I'm exhausted. I'm gonna go shower," Mark replied and wheeled his way into the bathroom and closed the door. The van pulled away, and Aaron and Mark were alone in their house, as they'd been for most of the past three years. Before Mark began talking Aaron would have followed him into the bathroom and helped him shower without hesitation. Now he didn't know what to do, so he knocked on the bathroom door, "Need any help?"

"Sure, If you don't mind that would be great," Mark replied. 

Aaron opened the door and Mark was perched on the shower shelf he'd constructed, completely naked, holding a bar of soap in his left and only hand. He truly was a beautiful man. Aaron made his way to the side of the tub and sat on the toilet, putting him face to face with Mark. Aaron picked up a loofa and put some body wash into it and started scrubbing Mark's back while Mark washed his legs, his crotch, his stomach and his chest with his left hand. Aaron couldn't talk, he didn't know how to start a conversation with his husband at this point, so he just waited. He carried on the shower tasks as he had hundreds of times before and helped Mark dry off, into some fresh clothes, and back into his chair. As they were leaving the bathroom Aaron let Mark know he'd made some dinner for them and he'd be in the kitchen.

Aaron had prepared a plate for both Mark and himself and set the table. Mark pulled up to his usual spot next to Aaron a few moments after Aaron had started eating. Aaron smiled at him as he reached out to grab his fork and Mark broke the silence.

"How's Gus doing?" Mark asked.

"Gus is doing well," Aaron responded, "we had a good time this weekend."

"I thought he might join us for dinner tonight," Mark replied.

"Well Mark, I did invite him, but considering the circumstances of you speaking for the first time in years, he thought we might want to catch up and didn't want to insert himself or be a distraction."

"He's as good a man as he seems, huh?" Mark responded.

"He is, Mark, just like I told you in detail after the fishing trip we took," Aaron replied, a look of confusion perched upon his brow. 

"I'm sorry, Aaron. I really am. I know you must have a million questions for me, and I promise you I will answer every one of them in time. I just want you to know that I appreciate everything you've done for me since my injury, and that I love you. I'm sure all the why's are confounding, and I wish I could give you a perfect answer, but the truth is, I've felt like a burden to the world, especially to you," Mark stated earnestly.

"It's been rough, but it could have been so much less so if you'd just spoken to me, let me know what you were going through. I was there too, do you remember that? I was on that same street, that same day, when everything went to shit around us, and I've never given up on you, Mark. I'm so happy you're talking now, and I'm partially angry and hurt that it took so long. How long have you understood what I've been saying to you?"

Mark, with a look of sadness in his face, replied, "I don't know how long it was at the beginning, everything was a blur, words were there, but none of them came together to mean anything to me, it was like I was in a dream. Over time, and with your persistent help, I was able to recognize where I was, what was happening around me, that I'd been stripped of my limbs and many of my memories, and that I was alive. About a year ago, I really started hearing you, Aaron, every word, and I had no idea what to say. So I said nothing. I'm sorry."

Aaron, looking into Mark's eyes, responded, "It's okay Mark. I'm just glad you see me, you hear me, and that you can talk to me now. Thank you for talking." Aaron reached out his right hand and put it around Mark's shoulder. Mark accepted the gesture with no pull back or hesitation and with his head, comforted Aaron as his emotions spilled into tears.

Over the last three years Aaron had tried many times to comfort Mark, to hold him, to kiss him, to protect him, and Mark had made a habit out of rejecting the gestures: sluffing off a head on his shoulder, pulling away from a kiss, squirming away from an embrace in bed, swiping away a hand between his legs. 

"I didn't want you to settle for being just my caretaker, Aaron. You have so much more to offer this world than that. I've felt so much guilt and sadness that you've shackled yourself to me, and you'd stopped living, because I was no longer full. I didn't feel comfortable speaking until I knew that you could define yourself outside of being my caretaker, and when you met Gus, I knew that you felt more. I know it sounds bizarre, but I needed you to meet someone else for me to open back up," Mark said, Aaron's head still between his cheek and shoulder.

Aaron pulled back, and for the first time in three years he could tell that Mark would accept and return a kiss if he offered one, so he did. He and Mark locked mouths and kissed like they had before the attack, their passion was re-opened for the first time in three years. Aaron kissed Mark fully, and then retreated to look into his husband's eyes.

"Are you all the way here with me now?"

"I am, Aaron. And I'm so thankful that you've been all the way here with me through all of this," Mark replied, "Will you do me a favor, and call Gus, I know it sounds crazy, but I'd like to speak with him."

Aaron, looking perplexed, obliged and pulled out his phone.

"Hey Marine, how's it going?" Gus Answered.

"Hey Gus, things are a bit crazy, Mark asked me to call you, I'm gonna pass the phone to him," Aaron replied.

Gus, not knowing what to think nor having a moment to object took a deep breath and readied himself for a conversation that he could never prepare to have.

"Gus?" 

"Hey Mark."

"Thank you."

"Uh, for what?"

"For loving Aaron, and for helping me see that life has much to offer."

"Uh, you're welcome, Mark."

"Can you come over here and be with us right now?"

Aaron, still seated next to Mark, gasped audibly at Mark's question to Gus on the phone, and looked at him with confusion. Gus could hear Aaron's gasp in the background and replied.

"Well, are you sure you two don't need some time alone, to catch up on all sorts of things, Mark?"

"Gus, I know it doesn't make sense, but I'd really like for you to come over if you can. I feel like this is the beginning of a new chapter in all three of our lives, and if you're up for it, I'd really like you to be here," Mark responded.

Gus was taken aback, all of this was brand new, and he knew that he had fallen for Mark's husband, and that Mark likely knew that too. 

"Okay, Mark. I can come by, can I talk to Aaron first though?" Mark handed the phone back to Aaron 

"Hey Gus."

"What's going on Aaron? Do you really want me to come over there right now?"

"Mark asked me to call you and wanted the phone, and I guess, yes, he really wants you to come over. If it's too much I completely understand, but if you're up for it, it can't be anymore awkward than navigating this by myself."

"Okay, Aaron, I'll come by. I'll see you guys in a few minutes."

Aaron hung up the phone and looked at Mark who was wearing a wide smile across his face.

"I don't understand, Mark, can you use your words for me and help me know what you're up to with this?" Aaron asked.

"It's like I've told you, Aaron. After you went away with Gus, and after I met him too and saw that he cares for you as much as you care for him, it took away the pressure I've been holding to push you away. I knew you weren't going to leave me, as you've told me a thousand times, but I wanted you to find happiness that goes beyond what we have, so I pushed you away. I want Gus to be a part of our marriage. I want to welcome him in as this new chapter starts. I want to thank him for taking you on, and I want the two of you to fuck my brains out together."

Aaron spit out his drink as Mark uttered the last sentence. "You want to have sex with the both of us? Did I hear that right, Mark?"

"Yes, I want to experience some of your shared passion, and be in the middle for a little while, is that okay?"

"It's just bizarre, Mark, like all of the rest of you starting to speak. You've pushed me away for years, and now you want to have a threesome? It just doesn't make any sense to me."

"So you don't want to do it?" Mark asked.

"I don't know, Mark."

"Well, we can see what Gus says when gets over here, we don't have to have sex, I know you two probably got a lot of sex in this weekend and might be a bit worn out," Mark responded with a sly smirk.

"We did have a lot of sex this weekend, now that you mention it, and it was amazing," Aaron smiled.

"You know, before I started talking you would have told me all the details of what you did this weekend, just like you did last weekend. I didn't tell you, obviously, but after you shared your experiences with Gus with me for the first time, I jerked off three times thinking about you two together, I can't really explain it, but the thought of you two having sex drives me crazy, I want to see it with my own eyes. I want to be a part of it."

"That's gonna be up to Gus. If he doesn't want to, are you interested in starting to just be sexual with me again?" Aaron asked.

"Yes, I am, something clicked in me last weekend, I feel like my desires to be sexual finally remerged. I'm sorry I've held out on you for so long, Aaron."

Aaron kissed Mark again deeply, and wrapped his arms around him. The two men were making out with the fierceness of lost time. Gus had arrived and could see through the storm door that Mark and Aaron were locked together. He had no idea what to expect, and he watched them for a couple minutes, debating whether to head home or ring the doorbell. Mark had asked him to come over, and he was curious. He'd also fallen for Aaron, and had an amazing two weekends with his new lover and didn't want their time together to end. 

"Ding dong," Gus pushed the door bell interrupting the men from their embrace. Aaron and Mark looked toward the front door and saw Gus looking at them smiling. They both smiled back at him and Aaron got up to get the door. Mark followed him into the living room.

"Hey fisherman, thanks for coming over," Aaron said, embracing Gus in a bear hug and kissing him on the mouth. Gus could taste Mark's saliva in Aaron's mouth too. 

"Hey Gus, thank you for coming by, I wanted to see you again, thank you in person, and hope that you'd be up for hanging out with us for a little while this evening." Mark piped in. 

"Well, I'm here. Glad to see that you're talking, Mark. You have a nice voice and I'm happy you're using it again." Gus smiled.

Gus and Aaron sat down on the couch, Mark sat in his chair in front of them. The three men talked for about half an hour. Mark was keen to hear the details of their weekend together, and asked probing questions about their fishing trip and cul-du-sac party, as well as the time the two of them had spent alone in bed. At first Gus felt awkward talking about some of the things they'd done, but he could see Mark's interest lacked any jealousy, and that his shorts had stretched in excitement throughout the recounting, producing a large wet spot where the tip of his dick pressed against them. As Gus and Aaron recounted the spit roasting of Bill, Mark used his left hand to grab the back collar of his t-shirt and pull it off over his head in one quick movement, he then pulled down the elastic waistband of his shorts dropping them to the floor in front of him and exposing his leaky uncut cock. 

Gus looked at Mark and studied his body as Mark slowly stroked himself to Aaron's detailed recounting of their man pile. Mark's high and tight brown hair cut and clean shaven face were punctuated by his deep brown beautiful eyes. He had perfect straight teeth and a pronounced jawline that added to his masculine essence. His thick neck landed on two broad shoulders his left larger than his right. He could see how the definition in Mark's muscles was relative to the exercise and use of his left arm. His left pec was a bit larger than his right, and his quarter sized nipples were surrounded by dark brown hair that made it's way across his chest and formed a t-shape heading down his body rippling through his defined six pac of abs. 

Mark's right arm was amputated above the elbow around the middle of his bicep. The nub on his arm had a smooth look to it with some pronounced scarring at the tip. Mark had the same USMC tattoo Aaron did on his right arm, though the bottom of it was distorted and pulled from the surgery. He kept his right arm against his side as he stroked his cock with his left hand. Mark had a large, uncut cock that stood at attention through a full bush of dark pubic hair that sprouted from the end of his treasure trail. It was over seven inches long, and thicker than both Aaron and his cocks. The red tip of his dick peaked out slightly as Mark's strokes pulled back his foreskin. His hairy balls rested loosely on the chair. Gus could see that both of Mark's legs were amputated above the knee his right leg a few inches longer than his left. Each was covered in a white stretchy cotton sleeve that went mid way up his thigh. 

Mark, noticing Gus noticing him looked directly at him, and said, "You can touch me if you want to - I know I might look a little odd, being a triple amputee and all, but my bits and pieces still work," Mark smirked jacking his cock in an exaggerated fashion. 

Gus' bulge was tight in his jeans, and he could see Aaron was rock hard in his shorts as well. The combination of another naked Marine jacking in front of him, and the recounting of the weekends' adventures had him horny. 

Gus looked at Aaron, who looked at Mark, and all three men smiled. Aaron stood up and leaned down, grabbing Mark under both of his armpits and lifted him out of his chair and kissed him deeply as he held him. Aaron set him on the couch between him and Gus and removed his shirt and and shorts. Mark's left arm, being on Gus' side, immediately started roaming, going under his shirt and making it's way artfully through his thick pelt, finding his right nipple and squeezing it. Gus gasped at the pinch and pulled his shirt over his head and threw it on the floor in front of them. Mark unbuttoned Gus' jeans and pulled out his perfect dick.

"You weren't lying Aaron - He does have the perfect dick," Mark said as he held Gus meat in his left hand. Aaron smiled and helped Mark roll to his right onto his stomach. Mark pulled Gus' dick toward his mouth and began toying with the tip of it with his hand and tongue. Gus looked over at Aaron with a surprised look. Aaron shrugged, smiled, and smacked Mark forcefully on his right ass check. Mark let out a deep grunt, and looked toward Aaron. "That's your ass Aaron, just like it's always been. You should have some."

Aaron smacked Mark's ass a few more times, and then started to caress each cheek softly, running fingers down his husbands ass crack pausing at his hole to apply a little pressure each pass. Mark grunted and swallowed Gus' dick, holding him inside his throat with his lips buried in Gus' pubes and ball hair. Gus pulsed sporadically in Mark's mouth and throat and ran his finger over Mark's head. 

Mark pushed up off of Gus' dick and said, "This couch isn't big enough, we should take this to the bedroom."

The other two men nodded in agreement and Aaron lifted Mark into his arms again. Gus stood up next to them, stepping out of his jeans and leaving them on the floor of the living room. He leaned into Aaron and Mark's faces with his beard, and reached out for a three way kiss. Both men accepted his gesture and the three men pressed their faces together, Mark's clean shaven face finding a furry nest between the fisherman and his husband, their tongues exploring. Mark's hard dick oozed pre-cum onto Gus' chest as they kissed, and Gus reached up to stroke him while Aaron held him tightly. They broke from their kiss and Aaron, holding Mark, started down the hallway.

They passed Mark's room and made their way to the end of the hallway to the master bedroom, Aaron pushed the door open, and laid Mark down in the middle of the king size bed. He then turned around and wrapped his arms around Gus, kissing him with the same intense passion they had shared all weekend. Mark watched from his back on the bed, stroking his dick at the site of these two sexy men in embrace. 

Aaron and Gus jumped onto the bed, and positioned themselves on either side of Mark. Gus took Mark's dick into his mouth, swallowing up all of his pre-cum as he pulled back his foreskin and worked his tongue around Mark's large and pulsating penis. Aaron and Mark kissed passionately while Gus worked on Mark. 

Gus lifted his head as Aaron and Mark took a breath. He got on his knees and slid his dick in between the two men's mouths and they began making out again, around his dick, each man taking it into their mouths at different times, the other using his tongue to tease Gus' balls or slide spit up and down Gus' shaft. 

Aaron then rose to his knees and both he and Gus' meat landed on Mark's face. Mark expertly switched between his left hand and mouth, pleasuring Gus and Aaron as they made out over the top of him and toyed with his dick and asshole with their hands. 

Gus could feel the passion, confusion, excitement, and longing coming through the movements of Aaron's tongue in his mouth. He pulled back from him and looked down at Mark, playing with their dicks, a look of wonderment on his face. 

Gus brought his head down to meet Mark's mouth wrapped around Aaron's dick, and started making out with Mark over Aaron's dick, which elicited moans from Aaron. Aaron looked down to see the two men that he loved engaged in a passionate kiss with his dick as the lucky third party, it almost made him cum. He rubbed both men's heads with his hands, and said, "You two are amazing, that feels so good."

Mark and Gus paused and Aaron moved down to Mark's legs, leaving Gus up by his face and rolled him over onto his stomach. Gus ran his hands up and down Mark's back, massaging him while Aaron got to work on his long-neglected asshole. Mark squirmed and grunted as Aaron probed him with his tongue, trying to remember all the times before the accident that he'd eaten Mark's ass, and all the things he liked. Mark pulled himself up onto Gus' belly and consumed his perfect dick again while he was getting expertly rimmed. Aaron took a breath and looked up at Gus, "You want some of this ass fisherman, it's as good as I remember it being."

"You know I want some ass, Marine," Gus replied. Mark let Gus fall out of his mouth, and said, "Well, flip me over, then."

Aaron grabbed Mark by the hips and lifted his ass up into the air, passing Mark over to Gus. Mark used his arm to balance while Aaron held him up by the hips and Gus plunged his face into Mark's ass. Mark groaned with pleasure. Aaron began licking Mark's ass at the same time and he and Gus traded kisses and tangled tongues while they both probed and tongue fucked the upside down triple amputee for a few minutes. In pure delight, Mark, face red from hanging upside down, finally asked to be let down. As the three men repositioned, Mark spoke and said, "Aaron, Gus, I need you both to fuck me now."
