 This is the follow on from "In the Beginning". Thank you for the kind comments. Please remember this is a true story. 



The weeks that followed our first, brief meeting in the car park were filled with frantic sexual contact between Rob and I. I recall lying totally naked on my bed and stroking myself until I came all over my chest and stomach as he told me over the phone of his desire to be inside my mouth. 

Then came the day we were chatting online. Both of us at home on a work day.

"Come over to my place. Now." He typed. 

My heart raced and my cock swelled. Could I be about to fulfil my fantasy? Could I? Should I?

"I don't know. Are you sure?" I replied. 

"I really want you to suck my cock," he instantly typed. 

A few moments later I found myself in my car. Rob lived about 40 minutes drive from me. He had been a bit reluctant to give me his address so gave me directions to a meeting place from where I would follow him back to his. 

The drive was somewhat distracted. I was incredibly excited, scared and nervous all at the same time. All of which meant I got a little bit lost. However I eventually got to where we were to meet. Rob was there in his car. He waved at me to follow and we set straight off. Ten minutes later I was stood behind him as he unlocked his front door. 

We walked into his living room. I was barely taking in my surroundings however. I think Rob asked me if I wanted a drink. I had not come there for a drink. Still standing in his front room I took the two steps needed to get close to him. His hand instantly went to the front of my trousers and rubbed my erection. I responded in kind, feeling the outline of his cock in his jeans. 

This was it. This was the moment. 

I knelt down before him. My hands went to his belt buckle and undid it. I paused for a moment and rubbed him again. Then I undid the button at the top of his jeans. The zip came down. I eased his jeans over his thighs. 

He was wearing tight, white briefs. I could see his hard penis arching upwards in his underwear. It was inches from my face. I reached out my hand once again and rubbed him through the thinner material of his pants. This was the closest I had been to someone else's cock. It was thrilling. 

I had thought about this so often but, of course, I had no experience. Rob could sense my hesitation. 

"Suck me," he said, quietly. 

I moved my face closer to him. I used to have a girlfriend that would drive me wild with her mouth on me through my underwear. I reckoned that was as good a place to start as anywhere. So I placed my open mouth over the mid point of his shaft and let my warm breath permeate through the fabric and onto his skin. 

The moment was getting closer and closer. I kissed the white material that was stretched over the tip of his penis and then inserted my fingers into the waistband of his underwear. Pulling them down his cock fell towards my face. 

There it was. A naked, hard cock. A cock that was hard because of what I was doing to it, in anticipation of what I would do to it. I wrapped my fingers around his shaft and gave him a couple of strokes. 

And then I did what I had been dreaming about for years. I opened my mouth and took his cock inside me. 

I recall the manly smell of his groin as I let his cock slide past my lips. The sensation of my mouth being filled by his hard dick. The thrill of feeling my saliva lubricate his cock. I probably did no more than bob my head up and down his shaft a couple of times before I let his cock fall from my mouth. I took hold of him with my hand and pushed him upwards, revealing the underside of his shaft. I licked the length of it and kissed his balls. Forming an "O" with forefinger and thumb I wanked his cock as I kissed his sac. 

Soon I returned my mouth to his cock. This time I was more confident. I twisted my head from side to side as I slid his cock in and out of my mouth. The wet sound of me sucking him filled the air. The actually sensation of sucking him was nothing too pleasurable but the thought of what I was doing had me rock hard. 

"That's it," he cooed, "suck my cock, that's it, oh yes, now you are my cocksucker aren't you."

The addition of the sort of things he would say to me over the phone almost made me cum there and then as I continued to work on his hard shaft. 

"Let me see your cock," he asked. 

Still on my knees and still with him inside my mouth I undid my trousers and pulled my achingly hard cock out of my boxers. 

"Lick my tip and let me see you wank that straight cock of yours," Rob began to issue you instructions. 

The space created by moving my face back so I was just licking the tip of his cock allowed him to look down and see me slowly stroke myself. 

"Get in the bedroom," Rob said with a degree of urgency in his voice. I followed him somewhat awkwardly with my trousers open and my erection bouncing in front of me. I did not remember it happening but Rob left his jeans and underwear behind on the living room floor. 

In his bedroom he pulled off his t-shirt. 

"Get undressed," he told me. Moments later I was naked. 

He stepped towards me and kissed me. His tongue was in my mouth, one hand round the back of my head and one hand on my shaft. 

He broke the kiss and the hand on the back of my head guided me to my knees once more. He knew how much being on my knees and sucking a guy had been central to my fantasies. I had told him often enough. 

This time Rob added a bit of movement himself. Easing his cock backwards and forwards as I sucked him into my willing mouth. I sucked, licked and kissed him for all I was worth. 

He pulled his cock from my mouth and turned to his bed. He threw back the duvet and climbed onto the mattress. I followed him. 

He guided me to lie down on my back and he lay next to me. Bending at the waist he took me in his mouth. All I could see was the back of his head but could feel the wet and the warmth of his mouth and tongue. He would slide all the way to the base of my shaft and then pull all the way off the end of it with a loud slurp. He did this perhaps half a dozen times and then let his head rest on my stomach as he started to wank me. 

I was so turned on. 

"Rob, I am going to cum," I warned him. 

"I am going to wank that cum out of you, you cocksucker, that's it Jay, cum for me," those few words and the attentions of his hands were all I needed to cum as I moaned his name. My legs twitched and trembled as my balls emptied. 

He passed me a towel to clean myself. We lay on his bed for a bit chatting. Time had moved on. I had been there about an hour. I needed to get back. I dressed, thanked him and left. It was only when I got in the car that I realised he had not cum. That was selfish of me. And a bit disappointing. I would not make the same mistake next time. 

Of course I returned to Rob's on another day. If you want to know what happens, let me know.