 I sat on couch as I waited for my roommate, Vincent, to come out the bathroom from getting dressed. I ordered a cheerleader lingerie earlier today that fitted him perfectly. 

I smiled as I heard the door open and small footsteps walking towards my location. I stood up and walked towards my lover in an adorable lingerie. 

Vincent was not making eye contact at all. He had his arms crossed over his chest and was apparently making eye contact with the floor, hiding his now blushing face.

"You look adorable~" I said, with a smirk on my face, he growled a little. "Sh-Shut the hell up, Chris..."

The smirk on my face grew to a perverted one when I walked behind Vincent. I bit my lip when I got a good view of his ass, I should take a picture...

"Wh-What are yo-AHH!!" 

I lifted his small skirt and took out my phone. I snapped a quick picture before let go of his skirt. He seemed to have freaked out a little when he heard the click of my camera. He swiftly turned around and reached for my phone. I raised it in the air so he'll never get it, since I'm a palm tree to him. 

I chuckled as he bounced a little on his toes. He growled and flushed with anger, "Delete that fucking picture, now!!"

I smirked with my teeth, "What if I don't?"

"I will fucking drown you in a fucking pot of boiling bleach in post that fucking picture all over the fucking internet!!" (Lol, too many fucks. xD)

"Hm, a little harsh, don't you think?"

"I don't give a damn! Now delete it!"

"Fine, but only in one condition."

"What is it..."

"Kiss me~"

"...What?"

"You heard me, kiss me, on the lips~"

He went silent, until he growled softly and quickly pecked my lips. "Now will you delete it?" he asked in a impatient voice, causing me to smirk again, "You're going to have to do better than that..." I said in a low voice, he growled again, "Oh, I can do better alright..." he mumbled through his teeth.

The next thing I knew, I was on my back with Vincent on top of me. He had his beautiful lips on mine. 

I felt a hand crawling up my left arm, the same arm that held my phone.

Vincent pulled away with a slightly evil smirk on his face. I arched an eyebrow as I slowly looked at my phone. "God dammit, Vince," I sighed, putting the phone down, "You deleted the picture..."

He smiled and giggled in victory. While he laughed I studied his costume, and realized I was studying it for too long when Vincent said my name.

I slowly smirked, "Y'know," I started, "Your outfit super cute on you..."

"Really...?"

"Yeah..."

I flipped us over and began to kiss Vincent slowly, "It's actually turning me on~". I trapped his head with my arms and set myself in between his legs. Vincent had no choice but to grab with his hands, which turned me on a bit more.

"Chris...n-no...stop..." Vincent begged between my kisses. I could tell he was trying to turn his head to avoid them a little. I pulled away and looked at him, "What's wrong, don't you like it~?" 

"W-Well...y-yeah but..."

"Hm?"

"C-Can we...at least...n-not do this on the ground...?"

"Sure~"

-TIMESKIP-

"Mm...r...right there..." whispered Vincent as I teasingly rub my fingers in between his tight ass cheeks.

His small body laid on top of mine. I grinned as I noticed his hips moving with my fingers a little. I bit my bottom lip as he let out small cute moan. "Say you want more Vinney~" I asked in a seductive tone that caused him to hesitate, "M-Muh...more...please..."

"Well since you said please..."

I stopped rubbing him and slid my hand into his skirt and under his panties. I couldn't help but to squeeze his soft ass cheek, smoother than anything. He smiled and let out a small giggle. "You have a really nice ass Vinny~" I said, massaging it a little.

He bit his lip and blushed a lot. I slowly slid a finger into his tight hole. He gasped and blushed. I decided to add another finger before finger fucking him. He let out a cute moan that turned me on so much. "C-Curse your t-talented f-fingers..." he moaned. 

"You like that, Vinny~?"

"Y-Yes~"

"I can tell~"

"P-Please don't stop..."

"I'll go faster then..."

I began to move my fingers faster, almost scissoring him. His cute moans got slightly louder, while my crotch started to slightly tighter. 

My other hand was usually, somehow, squeezing his cheek, but made its way behind his neck. I pulled him in to a passionate kiss. I don't know why, but I just realized how his lips fit perfectly in mine. They were soft, smooth, and slightly moist, maybe the small droplets of -what I'm assuming is- saliva on my shirt could explain why.

I slipped my tongue into his warm mouth, only to find him sucking on it. I couldn't help to smirk into the kiss. I began to move my fingers in a scissoring motion. 

Vincent slowly pulled away and began to moan under his breath. I bit my lip as his body began to bounce on my hard on a little. I couldn't wait for him to take it in the ass. "Ooh...shit...!" moaned Vincent, he sounded quite close, so I stopped. "Not so fast~" I said, he growled a little and narrowed his pale colored eyes at me. 

"I need you to do me a favor." I spoke as I made a hand motion to my pants. He blinked slowly, "If it's gonna be one of those 'blowjobs'..."

I arched an eyebrow as he made his way to my crotch. He unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants and boxers, releasing the raging monster, which was now drooling in precum. I moved my legs around to help him get my pants off thoroughly.

I felt a hand grab my cock and warm air surround my tip. I look down and see Vincent swallowing only half of my 8 inch. "Fuck..." I groaned, biting my lip. He began to push his head down lower, slowly deep throating me. "Mmm...take it..." I moaned, whispering the last two words. I grabbed some of Vincent's hair and tugged a little. 

He began to bob his head at a regular pace, causing me to move my hips to meet with his mouth and letting more dirty whispers escape my lips. He stroked me with one hand and massaged my balls with the other. I threw my head back against the bed board and moaned his name. 

He pulled away from my cock and began twirling his tongue around the swollen mushroom tip. The hand that was massaging me was now in between his legs, rubbing himself through his panties. I bit my lip at the thought of how hard he probably is right now. 

My body began to tense up a few seconds later. I noticed my breathing becoming heavier and my moans turning into loud groans. "Shit...I'm cumming..." I breathed out, gripping his hair. 

"Cum in my mouth..." I heard him say. I noticed how fast he's pumping me. He put his mouth on my cock again, still twirling his tongue. It didn't take me long to shoot my load into his cavern. He swallowed my juices and pulled away while having a string of his saliva attached to my cock. 

I pulled him up and kissed him passionately. It was his turn to shove his tongue into my mouth. I let out a groan from the back of my throat. He moaned back in response. I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into a deeper kiss, shoving his tongue deeper into my mouth. 

We were pretty much making out until Vincent started growling. We pulled away and panted heavily, especially Vincent. I bit my lip, Vincent started biting his too, I think we both had the same idea. 

"You want a condom~?"

"No, for some reason I want you to split me into two..."

"Really?"

"Yeah~"

"Alright, but I need your ass lubricated, so get on all fours..."

After a few seconds of shuffling and me removing my shirt, Vincent was on his hands and knees, ass up in the air. I smacked it, hard, admiring the way it jiggled and the way Vincent made a noise and flinched. 

I took hold of his panties and pulled them down, revealing that sweet ass of his. I couldn't help but to smack it again. I spread his cheeks to only reveal his tight rose bud. I took no time to spit on it and rub my finger around, causing Vincent to squeak and moan. I put my face in between his cheeks and began tongue fucking him. "Oooh, Chris, put it in me, put your fucking cock in me..." he spoke, turning me on again. 

"Okay, but just to let you know this is what you asked for..." 

"I don't care, I just want you to fucking ram me until I can't fucking walk."

"Heh..."

I grabbed his hips and put the tip against his hole. It took no time inviting me in. I started to push in, impressed that he made no sound, but did make a face of total discomfort. I bent over him and kissed his nape, "It'll get better~" I mumbled into his ear, I swore I saw a tear falling from the corner of his eye, "I-I know, y-you're just so f-fucking big," he stammered, closing the only eye I could see, "A-Are you taking steroids o-or something...?!"

"Heh, no...how are you feeling by the way?"

"Fine..."

"So I can ram you like you wanted?"

"Yes...!"

I was impressed on how quick he 'yes'. So I pulled out and rammed into him with all my might. He screamed in pure pleasure, almost sounding like a porn star. I began pounding into him like an animal. He started screaming dirty words like, 'Fuck this tight asshole' 'Ruin me' 'Tear me apart' etc. 

I realized this position was not working for me, so I stopped and pulled out. I turned him around and laid him on his back. I put a hand under his left knee and pushed it to his chest, thanks to his amazing flexibility skills.

I bent down over him so that my face was close to his and his leg was trapped over my shoulder. He kept his eyes locked on mine as I slowly slid my cock back inside of him. He wrapped his arms around my neck as I started moving in and out of him. "Go faster, fuck the living life out of me~!" He mumbled, narrowing his eyes at me, I smirked, "Someone's desperate..."

I started to pound him again. We both started to breathe heavy and moan dirty words at each other, mostly curse words. I bit my lip and narrowed my eyes, "You're so fucking tight..." I growled, he started to furrow his eyebrows. 

"You like my tight ass...?"

"I love it..."

"You feel soo good inside me~"

"I'm glad you feel that way~"

I softened my pace as I stood myself up a little. I grinned down at him, "Hold your leg for me." 

Vincent placed his hand under his knee to hold it down, which gave me an opportunity to wrap my hand around his neck and pound. He furrowed his eyebrows adorably as he narrowed his eyes and sticking out his tongue. All I could do was smile down at him while biting my lip as he struggles to say my name. 

"Ch-Chris...T-T...Tighter~"

"As you wish~" 

I squeezed my fingers tighter around his neck, causing him to pant and moan at the same time. I seemed to have hit his prostate because I just now noticed his loud moans, "R-Right there...!!" he moaned. 

I started to fuck him harder and faster in the same spot. He moaned so loudly that I'm pretty sure he's not going to able to speak for a few days. 

All I could hear was rapid slapping, heavy breathing, Vincent's moaning, and the bed making creaking noises.

Vincent let go of his leg and wrapped both of his arms around my neck. I could feel his hips meeting with mine. "F...Fuck...!" he mumbled, his voice sounding like he was right there, and so was I. 

I groaned as I gave him my last few pounds before I shot my load inside of him. It was seconds later before Vinny came all over me and himself. His arms slipped off of my neck and onto the bed with a soft pounding sound. He was breathing heavily.

I was breathing heavy myself, I think my legs were shaking also. My arms soon started to feel weak, so I propped myself on my elbows and kissed his lips.

Once he caught his breath, he started speaking in a low voice, "Where do you even get this costume...?"

"I kinda ordered it online." I spoke back.

"For how much?"

"$50, totally worth it..."

"Asshole..."

"Hehe..."

"I bet I can do better..."

"Deal, I'd like to see you try."

"Sure, now get me in a shower..."

"Gladly~"

Of course I fucked him again in the shower. I had him against the wall, with his legs wrapped around my waist and his arms wrapped my neck. He screamed like whore, music to my ears. (Lol)

He clawed a lot at my back, so I'll be pretty much waking up tomorrow with a sore and scratched up back, probably bleeding somehow. 

"D-Damn you..." he would mumble when his legs started shaking like hell. 

"Love you too..." I would reply.

*****

As said in Description, his is my very first story on Literotica. I actually wrote this on my own notebook app a few months ago and was thinking if I should post online, and as you can see, I chose to do so.

So I hope you enjoyed, I will be making more, cuz y'know, for fun. And plz feel free to point out any errors becuz I did feel a bit insecure posting this and felt like i did a bunch of mistakes. And i like to take suggestions, so lol there's that too. 

Again, I hope u enjoyed, and thx for reading :P