 Thanks for all the feedback to my stories.

It's good to know that people enjoy it.

*

It had been about two weeks since my encounter with my new neighbor Bill, and it had been on my mind a lot since then. I hadn't talked to him at all, but would wave if I saw him getting in his car or when I was driving by. I was sitting on the porch again, thinking about his huge cock when he came out of his house and walked over.

"Hi, neighbor." I said.

"Hi there." He replied with a little wave and a smile.

"How's it goin?"

"Good."

"How are you and Angela doing?"

"Much better thanks. We had a hell of a fight about a week ago about that threesome topic I told ya about. After that we had the hottest sex ever and it's been great ever since."

"Oh really?" I asked. "Do tell."

"Well, we had the fight and I was telling her that just cuz I touched that guy, it doesn't mean I'm gay or that I don't love her any less. I was going with the moment and it was just fun is all."

"She was ok with that?"

"Yeah, after awhile she was. She actually kinda got into it. During our sex after the fight, she kept saying how she'd like to see me suck a guy while she was fucking me, how she'd like her and I to suck a guy together. She even said she'd like to see a guy's cum all over my face."

"Man, that sounds great. I wish my wife could think that way."

"Yeah, it is pretty great I guess. Makes for some good sex, that's for sure."

I paused for a bit, and then asked "How are you feeling about what we did the other night? You still ok with that?"

"Definitely. I think about it all the time."

"Good." I said. "So do I. When I said we could do it any time you wanted, I meant it."

"That's why I'm here. Angela and I are going to have sex when I get back, but I wanted to suck you first. You ok with that?"

"Hell, yes I am! But, I gotta tell ya, my wife and kids are still awake so I don't know how we're going to do this."

"I planned it out before I came over." He replied. "We'll just go over on the side of your house where it's dark and I can do it right there."

I was a bit nervous about the plan, but my cock was hard in my cargo shorts so I went with it and followed him into the darkness.

"Just lean against the house and enjoy." He whispered, so I did.

Ten feet over my head was my daughter's room and a dim light was on but the windows were thankfully closed so she couldn't hear anything.

Bill got down on his knees in the grass and I watched as he unbuttoned my shorts and pulled the zipper down.

"I've been thinking about this a lot, and just couldn't wait any longer." He said, as he hooked his thumbs into my briefs and pulled them down to my ankles making my cock spring free in the darkness.

"I want your cum in my mouth." Was the last thing he said before he engulfed my cock. The sensation was overwhelming as I looked down at this man kneeling before me in my side yard, sucking me right against my own house, and making my dick shiny with his spit in the starlight.

"Oh my god. You're sucking that thing like you want it. It feels so good. I don't think this is going to take too long." He moaned with approval to that.

I looked across at his house and could see his wife Angela with her back to us in the kitchen looking at something on a laptop.

"I can see Angela." I whispered.

He took his mouth off my cock long enough to look me in the eyes and ask, "Can she see us?"

"No. It's too bright in your kitchen and too dark out here."

"Good." He said and started sucking again.

I did feel a bit exposed out there, as my skin normally hidden by shorts or bathing suits looked kind of bright in the darkness, but the feeling I was getting from my neighbor overwhelmed my common sense and I went with it. I looked down from Angela in the kitchen and watched as he held my cock up and licked my balls. He was actually moaning as he nuzzled them and then put the head back in his mouth and sucked like he was desperate for it.

I put both of my hands behind his head as his mouth rode my cock, bringing me closer to orgasm.

"Don't stop, Bill." I whispered "I'm getting close to cumming in your mouth."

He moaned again and picked up the pace a bit, just sucking with one thing in mind and that was completion. It didn't take long and I felt my dick explode down his throat. He didn't stop his intense oral on me and I could barely take it. My body was almost convulsing with it. It was so much that I had to hold his head to make him stop.

I opened my eyes and looked down as he squeegeed my dick clean with his lips. He was moaning as he did it and I could see a trail of cum oozing from the corners of his mouth. That was one of the hottest sights I had ever seen. I looked back up and Angela still had our back to us. I watched as she took a drink of something while looking at the laptop screen.

"Angela is still there and none the wiser." I said. "It looks like she's having a cocktail."

"She is. Probably a rum and coke." He replied as he stood back up wiping the corners of his mouth with the back of his hand. "Thanks for letting me do that. I've been fantasizing about it since the night you came over. My thoughts just keep going farther and farther about it."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Like kinkier and kinkier. I think I'd need a few drinks before I could even think about telling you about them."

"Hmm, now you're gonna leave me hanging like that?"

"Yeah, I guess. Sorry."

"Don't worry about it. I've a had a few thoughts like that myself and now that I know you do too, I can't wait to tell you about them."

"Ok, good. It's a deal, then. Next time we'll swap fantasies." He paused for a bit as we stood in the darkness. "Actually, I want you to help me with a fantasy tonight... If you want to, that is."

"What is it?"

"Well, like I said, Angela are going to have sex when we get back and I want you to watch. It would be a total turn on to know that you were."

"How would I do that?"

"I'm going to leave the blinds in our bedroom open a couple inches and the lights on. Just give me about twenty minutes or so and come and have a peek."

"Ok." I said "I can do that." With the brief glimpse of Angela's body I got when I went over to their house a few weeks ago, I was more than happy to see more.

"Twenty minutes." He whispered as he started to walk away. "I'll be watching for you."

I just nodded, then went back into my own house to check on things. Everyone was settling in for the night, so I told my wife I was going to take a little walk and enjoy the summer night. She just told me to have fun as she knew I liked being outside at night (even more now, although she didn't know about that part) and I left.

We live in a new development that's not even half full yet, so the houses are still pretty far apart, with mine and Bill's being the exception, and there are no streetlights. I walked around the back of their house and around to the front to the corner bedroom window. Sure enough, the blinds were up about two inches, the window was open and their lights were on, but dimmed.

They were already naked and Angela was on her back in the bed. Her legs were spread and Bill was licking her pussy with the same mouth that was just full of my cum. She looked great. She was maybe five foot three if that, with a nice body. Her tits looked to be about B cups and she was squeezing them, pulling her long nipples and moaning quietly as he ate her. His ass looked good too, as he lay on his stomach. I imagined myself fucking him as he ate her, which started getting me hard again. As I was thinking that, he looked up at me and without missing a beat started licking her faster.

As the intensity increased I watched as she got closer to orgasm, then he stopped.

"That's not fair." She said. "I was so close."

"I'm not done yet, babe. Just want you to have a big one, and I know how holding back makes that happen for you." I felt like that last sentence was for my benefit for some reason.

Bill climbed up and sat on his wife's chest and rubbed that huge cock on her lips. She went to suck it and he pulled back.

"Tell me about your fantasy." He said.

"I want to watch you suck cock."

"Yes." He answered as he reached back to play with clit. "Tell me more."

"I want to watch as you lick the head and play with his balls."

"More..."

"I want to hold your head from behind and force you to suck it. Push your face onto his cock."

"Yes, baby. I would let you do that. Tell me more." As he said that he was rubbing pre-cum on her lips as she tried to lick the head.

"I want to see you with his cum on your face. I want to see you get fucked in the ass. I want you to hurt from having cock in your ass."

"More..."

"I want you to sit back and watch your hot wife get fucked by another man. I want you to guide his cock to my pussy and put it in, then watch as I cum from another man."

"Yes, baby. You are the hottest wife. I would do that for you. I'd do anything for you." And he bent over to kiss her lips that were slick with his pre-cum and went back down to give her more oral sex. He looked at me again and I gave a little wave.

After another minute or two, I saw our front door open up and my wife stepped out. She was standing under the porch light so couldn't see me, but I left the window. My legs were trembling and my heart was racing wildly at the situation as I went back around Bill's house and up to her. We both had a smoke as I tried to pretend that my heart wasn't leaping out of my chest and we went inside together.