 "Unnngggh," I groaned as my alarm beeped me into consciousness Monday morning. I considered slamming my fist down on the snooze button, as usual, but then I remembered that I had a psych exam in an hour, and I blew off studying last night. "Damn," I mumbled, turning my alarm off and crawling out of bed. I stood up and stretched my arms over my head, yawned, and scratched my chest. I gazed out the window and groaned inwardly as I saw heavy sheets of rain pelting campus walk. This is going to be a bad day, I thought. 

Glancing at my roommate Matt's bed, I saw that it had already been made and that he had already left. What a dork, I said to myself, shaking my head. Matt always wakes up at the crack of dawn, whether it's a weekday or the weekend, and headed to the library to study. Good thing he's quiet in the morning, or I might be forced to find him a new roommate.

I took a quick shower and threw on some jeans and a t-shirt, then I sat down at my desk to frantically cram for psych exam which was now 50 minutes away. I found my psych book in my backpack, but I couldn't find my notebook. Where the hell did I put it? Then I remembered; I'd lent it to Nick, one of my suite mates, last night. He and I are in the same psych class, and he goes to even fewer lectures than I do, so I let him borrow my notes last night.

I got up and went into the bathroom, which separated my room from Nick's. I put my ear against Nick's door to listen for any noise so I'd know if he was awake, but I couldn't hear anything. Deciding I really needed that notebook if I wanted to get a decent grade on the exam, I quietly and slowly opened the door and poked my head into the room. Looking first straight ahead, Steve, Nick's roommate, wasn't in his bed or at his desk, so I figured he had gone to an early class or something. Nick's and Steve's dressers were to my left, so I couldn't see the far side of the room, where Nick's bed and desk were. 

I peeked around the dressers and was shocked at what I saw: Nick was lying on top of his bed sheets, wearing nothing but a pair of plaid flannel boxers, which were down around his ankles. Nick's right fist was wrapped around his dick, pumping. His left hand was pinching his nipples, and his head was thrown back. His eyes were closed in ecstasy, and his mouth opened and closed slowly as little grunts and moans came from deep in his throat. Nick's entire body was writhing and convulsing as he pleasured himself; he was completely unaware of my presence. 

I felt a stirring in my own boxers as I looked at Nick; my hand involuntarily moved to my crotch to rub my own cock through my jeans. I was totally riveted; I couldn't move from that spot, even if I wanted to. Watching this stud, this adonis, this gorgeous specimen of a male as he pounded his meat was almost more than I could handle. 

Suddenly, Nick gasped several times, his muscles tensed, his jaw clenched, and several volleys of his juice shot out of his dick and landed all over his chest and stomach. He continued gasping as his orgasm stretched on, and I watched him, my mouth watering. Finally, with a final grunt, his head collapsed back on his pillow, the aftershocks of his orgasm flowing through him. His chest heaved as his lungs clawed for air, and his hand continued slowly stroking his member, squeezing the last few drops of liquid onto his stomach. I knew that I was in danger of being spotted now, but I still couldn't seem to move. 

Nick's eyes stayed shut as his orgasm slowly ebbed. He grabbed a bunch of tissues from the edge of his bed and wiped up his fluid as I stood there, staring at him, for what I think was a full minute. I still couldn't move.

Abruptly Nick raised his head and I ducked my head back around the dresser. Had he seen me? I decided not to stick around and find out; I retreated to the bathroom and back into my own dorm as quickly as I could without making any noise. I closed the door behind me and sank back against it. My heart raced, my blood pounded in my cheeks and ears, my cock throbbed. I couldn't believe what I'd just seen! And I had even more trouble digesting my reaction to it; I mean, I know I have more of a desire for men than most other guys -- the Nifty Archive has been a great source of "entertainment" for me several times -- but never have I had such a strong feeling for another guy, a real guy. 

I shook my head and splashed my face with cold water to try to regain my wits. What did this mean for me? I'd been with my girlfriend, Kelly, for a year, and I loved her. Our sex life was great, too. So now that I had this attraction to Nick...? 

As I was drying my face, there was a knock at the bathroom door. 

"Yeah," I called out, panicking. I knew it would be Nick. He must have seen me. He must know I was watching him. Think fast.

Just as I'd feared, Nick walked in. This time, though, he was fully clothed. 

"Hey, Kev, what's up?" he asked. I couldn't read his face or his voice, though; I wasn't sure if he was angry or suspicious...or even just oblivious.

"Hey, not much. You?" I replied, trying to sound equally neutral.

"Nothing, just woke up," he said. He paused for a minute and stepped further into the room, looking over at the far side of the room to see if Matt was around. "Uh, hey, were you just in my room looking for this?" He handed me my psych notebook.

I froze. What should I say? He obviously knew I was in his room, but he didn't seem angry or upset at all. So I decided to keep up my neutrality; I just wouldn't answer his question.

"Oh, cool, thanks. You ready for the test?" I asked, changing the subject.

He snorted. "Yeah, right. I'm gonna bomb it. I studied your notes for, like, 15 minutes last night before I decided I was tired and went to bed," he said, laughing. "All I have to say is Dr O'Brien better give us a curve or there'll be hell to pay."

I laughed as naturally as I could; looking back, I think I did a pretty good job of acting cool. I'm not exactly sure what we said next, but I know we made small talk for another minute or so, then agreed to finish getting ready and head over to the food court for some breakfast before class.

As soon as Nick left my room, I fell back on my bed and let out a long breath. So he did see me, I thought despondently. Now what? What would I say? Should I mention it? Apologize or something? Or should I act like it didn't happen at all?

The sound of Nick turning on the water in the shower snapped me out of my reverie. I decided I'd drop it and let Nick mention it if he wanted to. I stood up and finished getting ready for class, then plopped back down on my bed to read over my notes, even though I knew I wouldn't be able to concentrate on studying or on taking the test. All I could think about was Nick's naked form as he jacked off....

"Yo, O'Brien, you ready to go?" Nick asked, popping his head into my room again. 

"Yeah, let's go," I said, dropping my notebook into my backpack and following Nick out into the hall. We half walked, half ran to the food court because of the rain. It wasn't far, but we were definitely wet by the time we got there. I just grabbed a muffin and a cup of coffee, since the morning's excitement had done a number on my appetite, and sat down at a table in the corner of the room with Nick.

Neither of us said anything for a few minutes; we just looked out at the people in the room, each of us waving occasionally at friends.

"So, uh, how long were you watching me this morning, Kev?" Nick asked.

I nearly knocked my coffee over as his words sunk in. Now the shit hits the fan, I said to myself. I briefly considered feigning confusion to stall for time to think of a good answer, but I decided that would just delay the inevitable, and he might be less pissed if I just told the truth and acted nonchalant.

"Listen, man, I didn't mean to walk in like that -- I thought you were still asleep. I walked in quietly so I wouldn't wake you up, then I saw what was going on..." I began, then trailed off. I didn't feel like I needed to say anything else.

Nick frowned and shrugged dismissingly. "Dude, I don't care," he said, taking a few sips of his orange juice. "I wasn't even going to bring it up except that you seem all uncomfortable about it."

"No, not at all, I just--"

"Look, like I said, it's nothing. Don't give it a second thought," he said, his eyes, luminous and green, drilling into mine.

"Yeah, ok, cool," I said, thinking how great it would be if suddenly the earth split in two and swallowed me up. I'd been in many uncomfortable situations before, but this topped them all.

"You've obviously never seen another guy jack off before, huh?" Nick pressed, keeping this topic all too alive for me.

"Now what the fuck is that supposed to mean?" I asked myself. Instead of showing my annoyance, I just said, "No, why, do you make a habit of watching?" Then I laughed to let him know I was joking and didn't care about this anymore.

Nick just shrugged. "No, not a habit really, but shit's happened before, yeah."

Can he get any more cryptic? I had to admit, though, he had my undivided attention. "Uh, what do you mean by that? What are you talking about?"

There wasn't even a second's delay between my question and his response. "Yeah, I think you can figure out what I mean if you put your mind to it," he said, looking up at me with those irresistible eyes as he took a bite of his cereal.

I shrugged and nodded. "Yeah, I guess I can get a general idea." I knew he meant something in the homosexual department, but I certainly wouldn't have guessed that before that day. Even now, after all this happened, he asks his roommate to spend the occasional Friday night in my room so he can further his conquests with the female half of the race.

The next few minutes were spent in silence. I kind of picked at my muffin until Nick had finished his cereal. "Want to go now? It's about ten 'till," he said.

"Yeah, sure," I responded.

I don't remember much about the rest of that day. I knew as soon as I saw that test that I'd fail it, which I did. I just couldn't concentrate on it. Fittingly, it had a few questions about homosexuality and its different levels of acceptance in different cultures. That's really all I remember about it.

I know I intentionally flew through the test so I'd finish way ahead of Nick. I didn't want to walk back to the dorm with him; despite the fact that I was intensely curious about his past experiences with guys and that I could hardly keep myself from jumping his bones, I'd had my fill of him for the moment.

The next few days just went by like all the others. I thought about Nick now and then, but my mind returned to school and friends. I didn't actually see Nick for a week, because he skipped psych Wednesday and I skipped it Friday of that week. The next Monday I got up early and went to breakfast before Nick could trap me into going with him. I also got to class much earlier than he did. I gave him a nod to say "hey" as he 

came in and took the seat directly behind me, but I didn't say anything. Dr O'Brien lectured for 50 long, arduous minutes, and I dozed off at least twice. Finally he ended the class and I packed my stuff up with lightning speed. I was out of the class and into the hallway before anyone else, walking quickly to avoid Nick. Unfortunately, I heard him call after me, so I stopped to let him catch up.

"Hey, you peaced out in a hurry. What's up?" he said when he caught up. He flashed me a smile that made my knees weak; I'd never felt this strongly for a guy before. It was more than a little unnerving.

"Not much, been busy with school and all," I said.

"Oh," he said. If he picked up on my "go away" vibes, he didn't acknowledge them. "Hey, um, you're not mad at me or anything, are you?"

"Mad? Nah, why?" I felt like I was lying at the time, but now that I look back on it, I really wasn't mad, I just didn't know how I should act towards the guy. I felt like I should drop it and move on, just act normally with him, but I couldn't yet. I'm sure I'll be getting all kinds of emails from readers saying "What's your big hangup on homosexuality about?"...don't ask, I don't know.

"Well, you just seem kinda...cold, that's all." I just shrugged my shoulders. "Well, I know our conversation last week left you a little...uh...confused, maybe?" he said, trying to look me in the eye.

"Not really," I lied. "If I'm thinking of the same conversation as you, it didn't leave me confused. That kind of thing -- your sex life, I mean -- is your business, not mine. I really haven't thought about it that much." I knew he didn't believe me, but at that point, I didn't care. I was frustrated because Nick seemed to be able to read my emotions like a book.

"Well, OK, whatever."

We walked on without saying anything for a few minutes. We were almost back at the dorm when he said, "Oh, hey, I almost forgot. You're in French, right?"

"Yeah," I answered.

"Do you get it? I'm in 102, and I'm lost. Foreign languages aren't my thing. Can you help me out?"

You know damn well that I don't want anything to do with you right now. "Yeah, sure, when were you thinking?" I said.

He scratched the back of his neck and looked down at the ground sheepishly, which only made him cute. Stop that, I mentally commanded him. "See, I sorta have this test tomorrow afternoon...."

I laughed and shook my head. It's impossible to stay mad at Nick; he's too damn adorable.

"All right, it looks like we're in for a long night, then," I said.

He grinned broadly. "Thanks man, I owe you one," he said, clapping me on the back.

"No problem. I promised Kelly I'd go to dinner with her tonight, so let's do it around, uh, 7:30?" I suggested.

Nick grinned again. "Yeah, that works. So, you and Kelly are still going out, huh?"

"Yeah, she's great. She might be 'the one' for me," I said, smiling dreamily. 

"Good for you, man!" Nick exclaimed. "I never look for anything more than a quick fuck with a girl -- you're obviously thinking ahead."

"Yeah, well..." I muttered, not knowing how to respond. Nick has this remarkable ability to render me speechless whenever he wants.

By that time we were back at our rooms, so we parted. I shut the door and was glad to see that Matt was out. A note on the board on our door said that he was going to be at a friend's room for the night, studying. I checked my email and surfed the web until it was time to meet Kelly for dinner. Afterward I came back and did some much-needed cleaning until 7:30, when Nick came through the bathroom.

"Oh, hey, ready for some French?" I asked, smirking.

"Oui, oui," he said, rolling his eyes. "I freakin' hate this class, man. I don't know how I'm going to survive it through 202."

"It's not that bad. You just don't pay enough attention in class and you don't keep up," I said, knowing full well that he never went to his classes.

He sat down next to me on my bed and opened up his notebook. "Yeah, you're probably right. But for now, I need a miracle. This test tomorrow's gonna cover 3 chapters. I'm fucked."

I laughed. "Yeah, probably...but let's see if you can learn enough to pass this beast."

We started going over the basics, and I was glad to see that he wasn't as dumb as I thought. He must have learned something last semester. After a few hours, though, he and I were both ready for a break.

"Whew," Nick sighed. "I need a break -- this stuff is hard."

"Yeah, OK," I agreed, grateful to concentrate on something other than Nick's body sitting so close to me that I could feel his body heat.

I stood up and dug some change out of one of my desk drawers.

"You want a soda? I'm making a machine run."

"Yeah, cool," he said, flopping back on my bed and throwing his books on the floor. "I'm beat. I don't want to study anymore

."

I laughed. "Oh, yeah? Well we still have another chapter to go over. Quit whining, Ricci, and get to work" I joked.

"Just go get the sodas, smartass," he said, stretching. His shirt came up and revealed his perfectly shaped abs, making my dick jump.

I practically bolted the room before Nick could notice me staring or see the outline of my hardon in my jeans. Being in the same tiny room as Nick was having quite an effect on me. My dick was practically leaping out of my jeans, and I could feel myself sweating. My heart was thumping so loudly I was sure Nick could hear it. This is just getting obnoxious, I observed to myself. I've got to get over this guy. Jesus, that sounds weird.

I returned a few minutes later to find Nick had fallen asleep. He'd undone the top few buttons of his shirt, because it was pretty hot, so I could see plenty of perfectly tanned skin. His hair was tousled, his bangs hanging down over his forehead. He looked so peaceful that I hated to disturb him, so I just watched him for a few minutes. When I'd had enough, I put the icy cold soda down on his bare chest.

That got him up. He jumped about a foot up in the air and, once he figured out what I'd done, he moved with blinding speed, tackled me, and wrestled me to the floor. I couldn't tell quickly enough what he was doing, so I went down without being able to put up much of a fight. We both lay there, laughing; he was right on top of me, and I'm sure he could feel my hardon pressing up against his own crotch. I was fairly certain I could feel his, but I couldn't really think about it. We stopped laughing and just stared at each other, panting. I felt only one thing at that moment: desire. I wanted him, and it was as simple as that. All my reservations and fears dissipated as I stared into his liquid emerald eyes.

Nick gave a quick, nervous laugh and got up. "Um, thanks for the soda," he said, retrieving his from the floor. He opened it up and threw his head back, draining the can in a few seconds. I was still on the floor, gazing up at him, watching his Adam's apple jump as he gulped the soda down. He then tossed the empty can into the trash and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Want to get back to studying now?"

"Sure," I replied, hopping up off the floor and to the left of him on my bed. I willed my cock down a little, and we got back to studying...for about three minutes. 

"OK, here, this is easy. Look over here," I said, pointing to an example on the left page of the book sitting in my lap. He leaned over my lap to read what I was pointing to for a second then looked up at me with an absolutely magnetic stare. My voice trailed off as a small smile curled his lips. He slowly raised his head...I could smell the fresh, clean scent of his cologne...I felt his hot breath on my throat...then I felt his soft, warm lips brush against my own ever so slightly. Then, once he felt me relax and surrender to him, he moved in for a longer kiss. His lips caressed mine; it was the most sensual and erotic sensation I'd ever experienced. The heat enveloped us at the kiss intensified; his tongue slowly made its way into my mouth and found my own tongue. I lost all thought, all cares, all worries, all feelings of the outside; I was completely lost in the passion of the kiss. 

Nick must have pushed the books and papers to the floor because soon he was on top of me as he had been a few minutes ago, but this time our lips were locked. I wrapped my arms around his back and lifted his shirt so I could rub his bare back and pull him closer to me, to press his body against my own. I massaged his strong back muscles just under his soft, smooth, perfect skin. Our kisses intensified like a battle; I would attack his neck with my lips and he'd pull me back up to do the same in a sweet struggle.

Nick pulled away suddenly, sitting up on his knees. He swept his bangs back with one hand and said to me in a husky, breathless voice, "Kevin, are you sure you want to do this? If not, tell me now, while I can still stop."
