 All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Nick Woods is 27 years old, 6'1, tanned and toned Airman with brown eyes and close cropped brown hair.

Jason Murphy is 25 years old, 5'11, equally well build Airman with blue eyes and similar cut dark blond hair.

*****

We've since taken off each others shirts. Our hard bodies pressed into one another. I rolled Jay off me, then followed so I was now straddling him. I gave him one last kiss before making my way down. Stopping to let my mouth find his left nipple, his chest equally built like mine. Hard packed with muscle, his nipples rock hard, I nip at it lightly, sucking for a few moments before continuing to my knees. 

I knew there was no way to really repay him for the amazing blowjob he just gave me. Like I said it had been about 9 years since the last time I was with a man, but I was going to give it my best shot.

I took off his jeans, then with my face within an inch of his throbbing package, I let my tongue drag slowly from his clothed head up to the waistband. I kept going up to his navel, he let out a chuckle at the tickling sensation. Finally I drew his underwear down slow, his cock leaping out, eager for attention. He was just over 6 1/2 inches, and really thick. It would give my jaw a nice workout, that was fine by me.

I let my fingers glide up and down the shaft, slowly, gently, feeling every vein pulse with desire. My other hand moved to his balls, shaved smooth, the feel was incredible. I couldn't help myself. I raised his cock out of the way making room to get nice and close to those beautiful balls. My tongue slowly drawing along them for the first time, the smoothness unbelievable. I pulled his left nut into my mouth, sucking gently, letting my tongue dance around it. I then moved over to the right, Jay letting out an approving moan as I continue working on his sack.

After working over his balls for several minutes, letting the tension build, I was finally ready to tackle that gorgeous piece of meat. My tongue starting from his scrotum, up along the bottom of the shaft, pausing at the head. I let his precum ooze onto it, tasting him, savoring the sweetness. I licked my lips, coating them with the saliva and precum. Nice and slick I opened them up, slowly taking him into my mouth.

His head throbbing was a feeling I had not known for so very long, and it was simply amazing. I continued to move further along a few more inches, my lips shifting back and forth to massage his hot meat. Tongue working all around, taking in the textures of his cock. Less than one more inch and he was pressing into my throat. I had never taken anyone deeper before but my arousal combined with the liquid courage made me go for it. 

I went very slowly, trying to widen my jaw and relax my throat. My eyes closed, concentrating on the moment. Jay had just been moaning but he spoke up now, "Thats it baby. Just take it all in, I know you can do it." He ran his hands gently through my hair. Massaging my scalp and easing the tension as I inched closer to bottom.

I felt pressure on my nose, smooth balls grazing my chin, I'd swallowed his cock whole. I held for a minute, letting out a moan which led to Jay moaning and gripping my hair. I shifted my tongue around, flexing my throat around his cockhead by gulping. His moans growing louder as his hips began to buck against my face.

Then just as I had him going hard I pulled off completely. Just the tip of his head on my lips, I gave him a sly smile, feeling I was in the zone, I decided to cut to the chase and go all out. Letting saliva pool in my mouth to ready up, Jays eyes pleading with me as I take a firm hold of his cock. Here I go.

Plunging my mouth down on his cock, all the way to the root and back to the tip. I begin to suck with a quickened pace. My tongue dancing all around with each pass, lips wrapped tight around his thick dick. His hands once again grip my hair tightly, he begins to thrust his hips in time with my head, before long I am giving up complete control to him. Letting him fuck my mouth, he's moaning in ecstasy as my moans vibrate through him. I've always wondered what it would feel like to truly be troat fucked and holly hell it was incredible. I'm used to being the dominant one but it was fun to be the sub.

Jay caried on for two more minutes before I felt that familiar pulse. He slowed his pace slightly, letting me take over again. I knew what was coming, sucking deeply, pushing him over the edge.

My mouth was awash with his hot load, powerful spurt after spurt blasting across my tongue and down my throat. I held him still while he came, shot after shot with decreasing amount. Once he relaxed, I began to gently suck and lick along the entire length a few time. Then I focused on his cockhead, sucking every bit of remaining cum that I could, swallowing every drop. Pulling him from my mouth with a satisfying pop, I looked up at him, a satisfied smile on his face matching mine.

He pulled me up, and I straddled him once more. Our lips met, tongues writhing, Jay tasting himself. This caried on for a few more minutes before we broke the kiss. The fatigue of the night finally getting to us.

"That was...incredible." I said to him, my eyes lost in his. "Yes is was Sir." He smirked and gave my ass a light smack. I moved off him, lying back on the couch, I stretched out my arms as I let out a yawn. Jay echoed the sentiment with his own, turning to me, "I don't know about you but I'm pretty wiped out."

"Agreed, we should probably get some shuteye." I stood up, gathered my cloths, not bothering to put any on, and began to walk to my room. Jay was just sitting on the couch. "Well come on then, after what just happened sharing a bed is not a big proposition." I waved him along and he grabbed his stuff and followed me down the hall.

I just tossed my cloths in the corner, Jay did the same. I hit the bathroom, too tired to shower tonight, I then sat on the edge of my queen size bed while Jay was in there. He came out and moved towards the bed, slightly unsure of what to do. We were both in the buff and that was ok with me, I motioned for him to climb on in as I moved under the covers. 

We settled in, letting go of all the exhaustion of the night. Our bodies made their way together. He shifted on his side facing away from me and I pulled myself close, arm wrapped around his toned stomach, spooning with him. Within minutes we both drifted off to sleep.

...

I woke up alone, noticing Jays clothes were gone. As I rose out of bed and moved towards the bathroom I felt disappointment, then I opened my bedroom door and the smell of breakfast hit my nose.

"Morning." Jay called from the kitchen, "Go ahead and shower up, I'll have food on the table in ten."

"Sounds good." I called back. Moving into the bathroom I noticed a towel hanging up, I guessed Jay already cleaned up. I carried on with my usual morning ritual, then hopped in the shower. I couldn't help spending extra time on my package, my morning wood plus the memories of last night had me wishing I wasn't showering alone.

Once finished I threw on a t shirt and shorts, then headed to the kitchen. I poured a cup of fresh coffee and sat at the table as Jay brought food over. This morning was fried eggs and french toast. I thanked him for cooking and we both dug in.

After a few minutes past Jay began to speak, "Nick, I uh...look last night was a lot of fun but I think it might be best if we just be friends." He was looking down at his plate the whole time. I couldn't believe what he just said.

"What? Why? Last night was great, I'm not regretting a thing, are you?" I looked at him, trying to read his face.

"No not at all, it was amazing but its just not a good idea. I already delt with one incident, I'm not keen on having another. Things go serious and it ended badly, You have your career and reputation and I don't want to" I cut him off there

"Look, first off I'm not a married man nor do I have a girlfriend to speak of so you don't have to worry about that. Secondly I decide what concerns my career and reputation. Thirdly I woke up this morning wishing you were still in bed with me, it wasn't the alcohol or anything else, I wanted last night and I still want more. So please tell me, are you just afraid of getting burned again because I wont let that happen."

Jay finally looked up at me, his face wrapped in emotion. "Just to be clear you know the negative outcomes that could arise?" Without missing a beat, "Yes, I'm willing to take a chance on this, on you. Regardless of what happens in the bedroom or elsewhere I'll still be your friend."

He smiled, I could see his body relax. "Fair enough. If your game I'm game. I just hope you can keep up." There was that sly smile from last night. "Keep up?" I asked.

"In the bedroom I mean. That blowjob was amazing but you said the last guy you were with was almost 9 years ago. I figure you might be out of practice, and thats assuming you've gone all the way."

"Listen junior, I went all the way and back again, I'll keep up." I gave him a wink and he laughed. We made light conversation while finishing up breakfast. Once finished, I cleaned up the kitchen while we made tentative plans to hang out when off duty tomorrow night. Once wrapped up in the kitchen we said goodbye as Jay headed back to base.

...

Flash forward to Friday night and here we were at my place, waiting on Chinese delivery. We'd gone out a few times during the week, not too much as to draw notice, so we decided to just stay in tonight. Diner came and went pretty quick as we were both looking forward to the nights activities. I had a few ideas of what I'd like to do and I know Jay did as well. After letting the food settle I grabbed him by the hand, pulling him along down the hall.

I drew him into me, my hands on his hips, our faces came together, lips locking in a deep passionate kiss. His hands wrapped around my tight ass, giving it a nice squeeze. I broke the kiss and pushed him back onto the bed, wasting no time I climbed on top. My lips found his once more as I began to grind my hips into his...