 Cosmic Charlie

"Hey, Nick." I said as I stood in the doorway. Nick looked like I had woken him up or, more likely, I had woken up his parents' dog and the dog had woken him up. "I told your Dad I'd bring his drill back before he came home on his lunch break. When'd you get home?"

"Uh . . . yesterday. Sorry, man, come in. Its so fucking cold outside." I walked into his parents' living room. I had bought the house next door seven years ago when I was 22. I'm only ten years older than Nick, so while he was growing up I was sort of the cool young uncle or older cousin next door. His dad travelled for work a lot back then, so I would take him to college basketball games and things like that. I'm sort of embarrassed to admit it, but for the last few years he was one of my best friends. When he was younger, there was nothing sexual or unsavory about it, but the man who stood before me now was quite a stud.

He came back into the living room with a cup of coffee for me. He was wearing a pair of gray sweatpants and a darker gray v-neck sweatshirt. His short brown hair was messed up from sleeping. Even though his clothes were loose, I could see that he had gained a lot of muscle mass since he left for college.

Nick shivered. "I'm not used to the cold since I moved to SoCal. Its been fun though. I've met a lot of cool people." He paused and then suddenly remembered that he hadn't emailed me since he left. "I miss a lot of cool people too. Sorry, I didn't email you."

"Hey, its ok. I didn't email you either." Nick had moved to Southern California for college on a baseball scholarship. We'd lost touch after that. For the next twenty minutes we talked about how great college life was for Nick. It reminded me of when I was nineteen, when the whole world was in my hands and I had no mortgage or bills to worry about. As Nick talked about classes and football games and everything else, I was enjoying living vicariously through his memories.

"Hey, Sean." Nick said after the conversation had died down, "You got any weed?"

"Of course. You wanna come over later?"

"Yeah, the Syracuse game comes on at six. Can I come over to watch it?"

"See ya then." I said and then walked back over to my place.

*****

I spent the next few hours doing work in my home office. I was midlevel management at a titling company I had worked for since high-school. I'd recently been allowed to work from home two days a week, which helped to cut down on the tedious monotony of my boring but lucrative job. My one saving grace was the local gym. I worked out obsessively to keep my body fit and toned. While I didn't want have huge amounts of muscle - I wasn't going for the muscle man look - my body fat was low. I was toned and strong and my body showed it. 

After work I hit the gym and then the grocery store to get a six pack of beer and some food for the game. Nick wasn't legal, but no one would ever know if as long as he didn't blab about it. I wasn't sure his parents would care if I gave him a beer or two anyway. I got home and stuck the beer in the mini-fridge that I kept in my basement TV room. I jumped in the shower to clean up and then waited around for Nick.

Nick came over promptly at six and made a beeline to the TV in the basement. "You want a beer?" I asked.

"You serious?"

"Yeah, don't tell your dad. The pot is upstairs, by the way. There should be enough to keep you mellow during the two weeks with your parents."

"Thanks." he said. Then he laughed out loud. "I'm all surprised that you're giving me a beer, when you've been supplying me with illegal drugs since I was sixteen."

"You're not turning into a pothead are you?" I asked during the commercial after the opening tip-off.

"Nah, I hardly ever smoke anymore. I can't with baseball and everything."

"Baseball practice is really doing wonders for your body Nick." I said. Was I crossing the line saying this? Am I allowed to compliment his body? I didn't want to make Nick feel uncomfortable.

"I know," He said with a big fucking grin on his face. He took a swig of his beer then said, "You're looking good too. I hope to fuck I have a body like yours when I turn thirty."

"Fuck you, I'm not thirty yet." I said and tossed a box of kleenex at him.

"Close enough." he said, "So, how are things here? Been doing a lot of heavy drilling?"

Nick figured out that I'm gay when he was in high school by observing the company that I brought home on the weekends. It never seemed to bother him at all, and it didn't really change his relationship with me. 

I laughed at his double entendre and said, "Some. Not as much as I used to, I'm slowing down a little. What about you, you keeping those legendary California girls happy?"

"One or two," Nick said and took another big swig of his beer. "Actually . . ." he hesitated, "I've been fucking around a lot with guys since I got to college." 

"No shit?!" I said. I was stunned. I didn't really know what to say. I just sort of looked at him and my mind went blank. I wanted to say the right thing. If I was the first person Nick came out to, I wanted to say the right thing.

"I'm not sure that I'm gay," he added. "I don't know if I want to date guys, but I'm pretty into having sex with them."

"Well, you've got a lot of time to figure it out. Keep having fun and everything else will make sense eventually."

"Its funny, Sean. When I was in high school I used to tell you about my dates and you'd tell me about yours. You made me feel like such a man when you did that. Since I moved to SoCal, every time I banged a guy, I would think, 'Man, Sean would love to hear about this.'"

My dick was stirring in my shorts. "Yeah, like what?"

"Dude, like, I drive to West Hollywood and go to a club. All these dudes are swarming around me because I'm young and new and everything." He was talking real fast now. "I always get my pick of the crowd. When I tell them that I play college baseball, they go stupid for me. This one guy took me back to his place and told me that all he wanted to do was hump my leg while I jerked off on his face."

"Did you do it."

"Of course, I wanted to get off. He never even took his dick out of his boxers. He just crushed it into my calves and humped me like a fucking dog. He ate all my cum and then wanted to leave. It was kind of hot, I guess."

"It sounds hot to me. No regular guys though?" My cock was rock hard in my pants. I kept shifting around in my chair, hoping he would tell me more.

"No regulars. Its hard. I need to keep up my reputation." He needs his teammates to think he's straight, I thought. 

There was a long pause as Nick finished his beer. "Sean, I didn't come over here for weed or to watch Syracuse school Bucknell. I came over here to fuck. I've been dreaming about you since I sucked my first dick in September. You wanna screw around?"

"Uh . . ." I looked at him sitting there. Nineteen, built like a brick shit house, beer bottle in hand, rubbing his package through his jeans. I would never get this chance again, "Yeah. Yeah, I want to."

There was another long pause. We looked at each other for a moment then both turned away. We were good friends, and I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to take advantage of his trust. He had to make the first move. "I'm not sure how we're supposed to start."

He reached over and grabbed my crotch. "Lets start here. You've got a nice dick don't you." He kneaded my dick through my pants. I groaned and started to push my crotch into his hand. I grabbed his hand and massaged it while he massaged my pole. His hand was strong and muscular. Then I reached over to grab at his meat. but instead of a growing cock, my hand found something solid and hard in his jeans. I looked at him with a sort of stupid look on my face. This was a new twist to me, and I didn't know what was going on. 

"Hang on." Nick said. He got up and pulled off his shirt. Then he dropped his pants. He stood in front of me wearing white athletics socks and a jockstrap with a cup. My jaw fell open. He grinned and did his best to strike a sexy pose. "I dug around a little on your computer while I was watching your dog last summer. You're into stuff like this, aren't you?" 

"Oh yeah!" I exclaimed.

"I've been wearing this jock during practice since September just for you. Merry Christmas." I slid out of my chair and started to walk on my knees toward him. "Come and get it, Sean," he called.

I pushed my face into his crotch. My nose crushed against the hard plastic of the cup as I stuck out my tongue to lick the material stretched over it. The jock tasted salty. I inhaled deeply through my nose. I could smell sweat, body odor - Nick's manly, masculine smell. I kept licking and smelling the cup and jock, moving my face around the mound that sat in Nick's crotch. As I did, Nick worked his hands through my hair, massaging my scalp and neck. 

I moved to the side of the cup where it met his leg. I could smell his clean skin and his dirty, sexy crotch all at once. I stuck out my tongue and pushed it under the side of the cup, trying to get a taste of his balls. Nick pulled back, "Not yet," he said.

He used his hands to pull me onto my feet and started to take my clothes off. He started with my shirt and then unzipped my pants. I kicked off my shoes and he pulled my pants off. He paused and looked at my boxer-briefs. "You're a leaker, huh?" he commented as he fondled the wet spot on my underwear.

"Not usually." I said. It was a lie of omission. I had never produced precum before in my life. Nick had me hotter than I'd ever been before.

He slipped off my underwear and grabbed my dick. His hand was hot and strong. He slowly jerked me. Milking the precum out of my dick. He scooped it up and brought it to his mouth. 

He tasted it for a few seconds than leaned forward and kissed me. His arms wrapped around me as he slipped his tongue into my mouth. He gave me a real hug, bringing my whole body into his and squeezing me while we kissed. His mouth still tasted a little salty from the precum. He leaned into me and I fell backward onto the couch. 

As my body fell into the couch, Nick placed his hands on my chest and started to rub my pecs. He kissed my nipples and sucked on them, moaning and cooing softly as he did. I could feel the hard plastic of his protective cup rubbing against my leg. I looked downward at his muscular ass, which was neatly divided into triangles by the straps from his jock. I imagined all the things I would do with that ass while Nick tongue washed my abs. 

I was dreaming about eating out Nick's ass when he took my cock into his mouth. His mouth was warm and wet, and his tongue circled around my cock head. 

"Oh fuck," I groaned. Nick was holding my hands as he sucked my dick, slowly squeezing them. He looked up at me, his brown eyes shining, and asked me if I liked it, if he was doing a good job. He was trying to please me, to make me proud of him.

"You're doing amazing Nick. This is amazing." I looked into his eyes and could see at the same time the kid that was living next door when I first moved in and the smoldering hot man he had become. I used to fantasize about what his dad must have looked like when he was younger, and I now realized that the stud before me was the object of that fantasy: a younger, stronger, sexier version of his old man.

Nick was moving his face up and down my shaft. I removed my hands from his grasp and put them on his head, pushing his face lower. "Lick my balls Nick," He went for them, rolling my eggs around with his tongue. Shivers shot through my body as he sucked on my sac. After a minute or two of that, he moved back to my cock. I could have used more work on the balls, but if the boy was cock hungry, I was more than happy to let him worship my cock. He sucked and licked me with a renewed vigor. I could feel myself getting close to cumming. I leaned forward and gripped him under his arms, pulling him up to his feet. 

"Sit on my face. I want to eat your ass."

Nick crawled up on to the couch and squatted, bringing his muscled ass down onto my face. His cock and balls were still contained by his cup and his asshole was framed by the straps from his jock. Just before his ass met my mouth I saw his tight rosebud winking at me. I then stuck out my tongue and licked from the pouch of his jock, up over his asshole, all the way to the top of his ass. The sweaty residue of the day filled my nostrils and mouth. I moved back down to his hole and rimmed him with all the energy I could muster. 

Nick pulled the cup out of his jock and threw it on the couch next to me, giving him free access to his cock. His groans, normally low and husky, were getting higher as I licked his boy pussy. "I fucking love this, Sean. Eat my cunt." He pushed down against me, burying my face deeper in his crack. My whole world at this point was his ass on my face. It was all I could see, feel, smell, and taste. "Shove your tongue in there, man." I darted my tongue inside his hole. "Oh yes, fuck my cunt with your tongue." 

I continued to eat his ass and smell his sweat. I pistoned my tongue in and out of his asshole, pausing every so often to take care of his ass lips and the surrounding skin. Nick continued to grind his ass into my face. Suddenly he stood up and turned around. His nine-inch cock jutted out from his groin, bouncing up and down with his heartbeat. He sat down in my lap. My cock slipped into his wet ass crack. His cock stood straight up in front of him, only inches from my mouth. Only a nineteen year old can get hard like that, I thought. He grabbed my hand and brought it back to his asshole. "Play with my hole, Sean."

I started to toy with his muscle-cunt, moving my finger around it and occasionally threatening to push in. Nick grabbed the discarded nut-cup and put it over my face. My eyes went wide and I breathed in through my nose. The smell of sweat, piss, precum, and Nick filled my nose. "There's three months of ball sweat in there. This piece of plastic was stuck against my dick and balls for hours each day, just for you."

My tongue shot out and I started to lick at the plastic while continuing to breath deeply through my nose. I was completely out of control, lapping at the cup like a dog. This was heaven. Screw general anesthesia, a few hits of this kids dick sweat and you could pull out both my kidneys without me noticing. 

Nick leaned in and moved his mouth to my ear. His tongue shot out and licked my earlobe. "I did this for you," he whispered into my ear. "I wanted to make you happy. Are you happy? Do you love my Christmas present?" I nodded and took a deep breath. I closed my eyes and groaned loudly. 

"This isn't the real present. I have another present for you Sean, something else I've been saving for three months." he whispered, "I've never been fucked. I want you to be the first one to fuck me. I love you man, I want it to be you."

Was this for real? Jesus, he had planned this whole thing. Coming over for the game wearing the cup. It was all a set up, and it was the best gift I've ever been given.

He pulled the cup away from my face and looked into my eyes. "You wanna do it? You wanna pop my cherry?"

"Yes," I hissed, then hesitated, "If you're ready Nick, I don't want to do this if you're not ready."

"I'm ready, are you?" He rubbed his ass against my dick.

"If I fuck you now I'm going to shot my load in seconds. I need a break."

Nick slid his ass down my legs and pulled my cock up against his. He hawked a huge wad of spit into his hand then wrapped it around both of our dicks. The pressure of his grip drove his dick into mine. His cock was rock solid and felt hot against my dick- the glories of youth. Instead of stroking us, he started to fuck his cock into his hand and against my dick. His precum was drooling onto the head of my dick and down onto my stomach as his dick slid up and down my shaft. 

"I'm gonna cum all over your chest, Sean." he said, just before throwing his head back and groaning loudly. His body convulsed as he came. His load shot all the way up to my face and fell across my nose and lips. I stuck my tongue out and took in some of his cum. As the salty flavor of his baby-batter hit my taste buds, my own orgasm took over. I bucked my hips up and down as I started to shoot my own load. Nick was still shooting, and our cum intermingled on my chest and stomach. 

After his orgasm subsided, Nick slid off my body and crawled between my legs. He started to lick up the cum from my stomach. He chased the cum around with his tongue through the short dark hair that covered my abs. I closed my eyes and my body completely relaxed. Nick kept lapping up the cum and eating it. He crawled up my body, eating the cum off of my chest and then my face. His tongue moved over my lips and then my nose searching for the last drops. When he finished he rolled onto the couch next to me and sighed loudly. 

"Fuck man, you're a good lay."

"Better than the young studs in SoCal?"

"Way better. Its better when you love the person."

"I love you too Nick."

There was no need for either of us to explain what we meant. Our love was not romantic, but brotherly and erotic. Nick had routinely told me "I love you, man." in a casual and half-joking way, usually jabbing me in the ribs when he did, since he was sixteen. This was the first time I had ever said it back.

"Half time, stud." he called out, "Let's get some food and check in on the game."

*****

We ran upstairs and got some food. I was still naked and Nick was still in his jock. Thank god the blinds are closed. "Your parents aren't going to come looking for you, are they?"

"I told them I was watching the game with you." he replied. We went back downstairs and watched the game while we ate. Nick had the mistaken view that Syracuse would win the whole tournament this year. I told him that it was too early to tell. Nick has always loved to call the entire season sometimes before it even started. It was a trait he got from his dad. 

Our back and forth continued with some talk about his baseball team and whether he was getting along with the other players. Baseball has been Nick's whole life for as long as I've known him. He said that he was settling in with the new team, but some of the older guys were giving him shit.

"You're the bottom of the pole now. You were a star in high school, but you're going to need to re-earn that respect. It'll get better when they see you play in the spring." I told him in my best big brother voice.

He nodded back, then said, "Speaking of bottoms and poles. You ready to fuck me?"

"You're sure you want to do this?" I asked.

Nick slipped on to the floor and started to mockingly kiss my feet. "Please fuck me! Please fuck me!" He rolled onto his back laughing. "You're the one who's taking my virgin ass, Sean. You can either do me willingly or I'll tie you down and take advantage of you."

"Yeah right," I laughed, "You might be a big baseball stud now, but you couldn't pin me." 

Nick jumped off of the floor and on top of me in a flash. He held my arms against the couch trying to pin me down. I arched my back and threw him onto the floor. I jumped down onto his body and tried to pin him down. As I grabbed his arms and pushed down, he pushed back. Fuck, I thought, he's a lot stronger than me. He wrapped his legs around my thighs and flipped me over onto my back. Again he pinned my hands over my head. He moved in and kissed me while rubbing his hard, jockstrap covered dick into my crotch. 

"Who's the stud, now?" He was vulnerable. I could have broken his hold if had wanted to, but I didn't want to.

"You're the stud, Nick."

He pushed his cock into my crotch again. My dick was hard. "Looks like you're ready."

"Sit on the couch." I said, "I want to suck your dick first."
