 Nick pulled Barron close to him protectively and glared at the cop. "What the fuck you pointing that gun at us for?" he growled. "It's obvious what we're doing. We ain't hurtin' anybody."

"Nick, take it easy," Barron hissed. "Do not get the policeman angry. We will end up in jail. I have the show tomorrow!"

The cop snorted at Nick with a raise of his brows. "Like I could tell what you're doing from out there? Could've been somebody getting beat up back here, for all I know."

Nick shook his head impatiently. "That's not what getting beat up sounds like!"

Barron squeezed Nick's arm in alarm. "Please! Be nice. Maybe he'll let us go."

Struggling to control himself, Nick had to bite his tongue to stop. They'd been having such a good time, so hot and sexy and, fuck it all to hell, he was goddamn freaking in love. Or maybe just totally in lust, but it had been ridiculously wonderful. And the cop's sudden intrusion had spiked up anger in him like a rocket ship taking off for the moon. He knew that the cops seldom ticketed anyone for fooling around in the park in this part of town, but Barron was right. It was a crime what they'd been doing, one that could result in a fine and even jail time.

Yes, it definitely was better if he didn't piss off the cop.

He huffed out a pent-up breath and asked the officer in a much calmer voice, "Can I pull my pants up?"

The cop nodded with a smirk. "Sure. Be my guest. If you're all finished."

Nick narrowed his eyes. It was bad enough the dude had bothered them while they were making out, now he had to be a smart aleck too? Finished? It was on the tip of his tongue to ask what the fuck he meant by that? But he didn't want to worry Barron and he was standing there with a big boner, so he just scowled in frustration and bent over to pull up his pants and briefs. He could have spit nails he was so fucking annoyed.

Barron was watching the officer and checking him out head to toe as Nick pulled back up and adjusted his belt. It was obvious that the cop was enjoying watching Nick in his discomfort. There was an eager smile on the man's handsome face. He was bigger than them, older, but nicely built and extremely attractive in his form-fitting uniform. The policemen back in Budapest were very friendly and helpful, but Barron had read lots of news stories about American cops and how violent they could be, how many of the citizens feared them.

But this fellow, now that he was over his initial shock at finding them in such a compromising situation, Barron was thinking, didn't look at all like he was someone to be feared.

He whispered to Nick, "I think he likes you. Look how he is checking you out."

Nick notched his belt. He'd noticed the cop's change in attitude and the way the man was looking at him now, like he was trying to memorize every swell and curve of his body.

"Maybe he knows who I am," Nick hissed back. "Same as you, I do have fans." Then turning to the policeman, he said, "Are you going to put that gun away? You can see we're not armed."

"Uh ... sure." The cop looked embarrassed, then hastily holstered his gun. He stood there with his hands on his hips watching them with a contemplative expression.

Nick hadn't failed to notice the guy's size and shape and general good looks. They had appealed to him instantly, even in the dark and even in his state of surprise and instant anger. And the little half-smile on the man's lips made it obvious he was no longer angry.

"Are you going to ticket us?" Nick asked. "Or can we go? I live right up Fifth Avenue on 71st Street."

The man didn't answer for a long moment, then, "Would you take it into consideration if I advise you not to have sex in the park anymore? You could be charged with indecent exposure."

Nick wanted to snort at that. There was absolutely nothing indecent about a guy who looked like he did exposing himself. Anywhere.

But instead, he nodded. "Yes I will, officer. It's not something I normally do." He hooked his arm around Barron, clamping his hand possessively on dude's shoulder. He decided to take a chance and speak plainly, figuring the cop knew what was going on here. "I just met this guy across the street at Jilly's. I ... I couldn't wait till we got to my place to get my hands on him, you know? So I brought him here in the shrubberies. You hear what I'm sayin'?"

The policeman looked approvingly at Barron. "Yes, I hear you. Sometimes a situation demands immediate attention, huh? Umm ... why don't you come over here and talk to me a minute?"

Nick nodded. "Sure." He turned to Barron. "Stay here. I'll be right back. I think I've got this covered."

He gave Barron a quick squeeze of assurance, then walked over to the policeman and offered him his hand. "My name's Nick, by the way."

The big man's hand clamped Nick's. "I know. I recognized you right away even in this dim light." His grip was warm and strong and Nick loved the feel of it. His handsome smile was even better. "I'm Phil. I live down in the Village. Man, I see your pictures all over town. Those underwear ones in the subways ... fuck, they oughta be illegal. I found most of them online and the video they're from, and all your other pics archived on Bing and Google. Got a whole folder of them on my laptop."

Nick grinned, still pumping Phil's hand. "Yeah, a lot of guys do that, I hear. That's awesome. Makes me feel like I'm really doing something important."

The cop sighed. "Yah, keeping us all turned on and excited. Focused on staying in shape, too."

Nick laughed as they let go each others' hands. "Gotta stay focused, dude. That's for damn sure."

He suddenly felt very happy again. He liked having fans and he really liked this guy Phil. He was a couple inches taller, older, big and muscular, with dark hair showing from under his cap. He looked like a dude who was into the leather scene and rode a motorcycle on weekends, maybe even one for the police force.

"Sorry I got so pissed off, Phil," Nick told him. "But you scared the crap out of me."

"I was startled too. Sure didn't mean to. Umm ..." Phil the cop looked uncertain for a moment, then his lips crunched into a straight tight line and he went on. "I'm not gonna give you a summons. You two can just get outta here. But ... uh ... maybe ... maybe we can get together sometime, me and you?"

Nick was expecting something like that, but it sure made him feel good anyway. He beamed one of his best smiles. "Sure thing. Definitely. I'd like that. Whaddaya have in mind?"

"I'm off next Thursday. Got the whole day. You busy? Maybe we can meet?"

"Thursday's good. Cool. What would you like to do?"

Phil looked a little embarrassed and tried to cover it up with a smile. "Umm ... how about meeting at the Apollo Baths down in Chelsea? They've got a nice gym and I can get us a room."

Whoa! That really excited Nick. Being in a bath house with big musclehunk Phil the cop ... the whirlpool, the steam room, the sauna ... totally naked and horny as can be. That sure beat being ticketed and having to go to court for an offense that could give him a criminal record if convicted.

He said, "I'd really love to, Phil. But I haven't been going to bath houses since I've become so well-known. Dudes recognize me and it can get sort of weird. Is there a crowd there during the day?"

"Nah, just a handful before five. That's why I suggested it." He grinned. "Yah, I wouldn't want to have to share you with anybody else. That's for damn sure."

"All right then, it's a deal." Nick grabbed Phil's hand again and they shook on it. If the bath house wasn't crowded, it should be all right. And if the big cop's sexy hand was any indication of how the rest of him felt, Nick was totally looking forward to their meeting.

"I'll see you then, Nick. Right around noon, okay?" Phil gestured with his chin over to Barron. "Now you and that gorgeous blond hunk over there better get the hell out of the park and uptown to your place."

Barron had been watching and saw Nick and the cop shake hands for the second time. He hadn't been able to hear what they'd been saying, but they both sure looked happy as a result. He figured they had made some kind of a deal and wasn't surprised when Nick told him about it on their way out of the park.

But he did frown a sour expression at Nick. "Humph! I am jealous now. He is a very sexy man. I do not want you to think about other men."

Nick chuckled as they stepped up to the curb to hail a taxi. "I promise I will not think about him until you go back to Budapest. My heart will be broken then and I'll have to think about him to forget about you."

"Ah, but you will not be able to forget me," Barron threatened. "I will make sure of it!"

And then to his surprise, Nick kissed him right on the lips as a taxi screeched to a halt alongside them. Barron felt almost breathless, pride swelling in him to be kissed on the crowded avenue by the macho American who did not particularly like such public displays of affection.

"You better watch out," Nick told him as they climbed into the back seat of the taxi. "If you make me like you too much, I will chain you to my bed and not let you go back home to Hungary."

Nick plopped down right next to the hunk, an arm hooked around his shoulder, a hand on his thigh. Barron shivered from the thrill of his touch as Nick gave the driver directions. Then Barron said, "It appears that you are no longer angry at me, my friend."

Nick nuzzled his nose against Barron's ear. He smoothed his hand up the muscular thigh, palmed the bulging crotch, then slid underneath the knit shirt to press his hand against the tight rippling abs. "Not after our little episode in the park, buddy. I'm glad now that you came to New York and I got cut from the show. I'm glad I went out tonight and got drunk and met you. You are the ultimate musclehunk dream and I am totally dying from it, dude." He hooted. "Die, die, dying!"

Then he pushed in closer and his lips caught Barron's. His hand slid up to feel Barron's beautifully defined pecs and Nick kissed him devouringly, smothering him with a savage intensity. Barron succumbed to the forceful domination, his mind reeling and heart pounding. It was a kiss like the soldering heat that binds metals and he felt like he was going to melt right into Nick and they would truly become one.

The two of them were lost far off in their hot world of romance until the taxi pulled to a halt on East 71st Street a few minutes later. It was almost impossible for them to separate, but Nick managed somehow to pull his lips away. He realized he was hot and sweating even though the night had cooled from the day's heat and the car was air-conditioned.

"Come on fellas." The driver was grinning at them from up front. "Take this steamy party inside. You have all night to get it on."

Nick smiled at the man sheepishly, pulled out some bills from his wallet and paid him as Barron sat up and straightened himself out. His shirt had been pushed up all the way to his neck exposing his beautiful chest and Nick did not fail to notice it.

On the sidewalk a moment later holding Nick's hand, Barron stopped to look up at the big house they were now in front of. All the houses on this side of the street were attached to each other, large luxurious townhouses obviously left over from a prosperous bygone era. He counted six storeys of lovely gray sandstone with huge arched windows and intricate stone trim. A center stairway led up to an arched main floor entrance with a huge carved wooden door.

"This is where you live?" Barron asked, duly impressed. "It looks like a small hotel."

"Yup, this is home." Nick pulled him over to the steps that led down to the ground floor door. "I have a small apartment on the top floor."

"Oh? So it is an apartment house?"

"Nah." Nick pulled open the grilled security door and quickly typed a code into the alarm pad on the side. "It's a private home and very big. Over thirty rooms." He pulled a key chain from his pocket and unlocked the door, then pushed it open and ushered Barron inside. A light popped on in the room they had stepped into as Nick reset the alarm and shut the door and locked it.

"A friend of mine owns the place," Nick was saying. "He lives here alone, and I live way upstairs so someone is always here when he's gone. He travels a lot and has a couple other houses elsewhere. He's at one of them now."

Barron was looking around at the storage room they were in. It contained everything imaginable from daily supplies for the home to discarded furniture to skis and ski boots and other sports equipment set on shelves and lining the walls.

He raised his brows curiously. "Your friend must be very rich, Nick. Is he one of those sugar daddies you were talking about?"

There was an unexpected blush on Nick's face as he took Barron into his arms again. "He's a friend not a sugar daddy. He was very good to me when I first came to New York and now he's like family. Besides, I'd never be able to live in a house like this on my own. Its real estate value is near eighty million dollars."

Barron looked at the stairway on the other side of the room that led upstairs. Beside it was an elevator, its car awaiting with open door. "Can you show me around the house? It must be like a palace."

Nick planted a smooch on Barron's pretty boyish lips and pushed him toward the elevator. "It definitely is a palace. Many of the rooms were purchased from old mansions and castles in Europe and shipped here and installed in the house. But I'll show you around later. Right now I want you naked, in my bed, and making love to me!"

Barron laughed as they entered the elevator. "Ah yes! I agree that is the best place for us to be at this present time."

Nick punched the button for the sixth floor and then pushed Barron roughly into the corner as the door closed. A moment later he was all over the blond hunk, frantically pressed hard against him and kissing him just as hard on the lips.

Barron reveled in the roughness of Nick's touch, the tight hold, the force, the push of muscle upon muscle. It caused him to remember when he was on the wrestling team in university and he had to spar with the other fellows at meets. He had loved their touch and strength and roughness and would wish he could have been kissing them too, like he was kissing Nick now as the elevator zoomed upward.

The bell dinged as the door opened and Nick pulled Barron out, literally shoving him across the room after flicking on a light switch on the wall. He had brought home a number of fellows since he'd been living here, but he'd never been so frantic, so hot and obsessed with getting it on with them as he was with Barron. His heart was hammering foolishly and his dick was throbbing right along with it. Barron's closeness was so male, so powerful, and so bracing that it was zinging shivers of delight up and down Nick's spine.

Barron let Nick bull him through the big room crowded with beautiful traditional furniture and totally incongruous gym equipment - several vintage Nautilus machines, an old Universal station, free weights and a couple racks of dumbells.

"My living room-slash-workout room," Nick snorted as he guided Barron into a hall that led off it. "There's a big den up ahead and a kitchen, a roof terrace too that looks over Manhattan. And a couple bedrooms here," he added as they passed a door on their left and headed to another one farther down. "Here, this is the one I use." And with his arms around Barron, he bumped him in the butt right into the room.

There was a large window on the opposite wall and moonlight poured into it through sheer curtains that pooled prettily on the floor. Barron was vaguely aware of big pieces of furniture and a number of masculine accessories hanging on the walls, a deer head with a huge rack of antlers, snowshoes, rowboat oars, and a big poster of Nick himself in a tight sexy pair of boxer briefs.

Barron's eyes bugged out at that. "Wow, Nick! That is a very sexy poster."

Nick chuckled as he hustled Barron toward the bed, bumping his butt with his bulging crotch. "That's from a shoot I did for CVR2 last year. The pics are all over town, even down in the subways. Haha! There's been complaints about them, people trying to get them taken down."

Barron sighed. "Oh never! You are too beautiful to be taken down. Half of New York must get turned on when they see the pictures."

"More like three-quarters, dude. It's pretty queer around these parts." Nick twirled Barron around and pushed him onto the bed in a sitting position. "Now you get those clothes off, you big fuckin' doll. I'll get a wash cloth to clean us up a little bit." 

He hurried into the ensuite bathroom, dampened a wash cloth at the sink and grabbed a towel. When he came back out Barron was naked and sitting on the side of the bed, his feet on the floor. His beautiful cock was was big and hard and pointing right at Nick.

Nick stopped to admire him. "Hot damn, Barron! I've never seen anyone as perfect as you."

The dude's muscular body was so flawlessly symmetrical it nearly took Nick's breath away. Even Michelangelo and Leonardo DaVinci together could not have come up with a man more perfectly proportioned. Dressed, Barron had looked incredible. Naked, he was absolutely mind-boggling. The pretty boyish face added a cachet that made Nick's heart thump like jungle drums. And the piece deresistance that got Nick instantly drooling was the little bush of curly blond hair above Barron's cock.

Nick walked over to him reverently like he was some kind of saint suddenly appearing on his bed from heaven, like when he used to walk up to the altar in church when he was a kid and still believed God was really there. Awestruck, he knelt down in front of Barron.

"How'd you do it, man? How did you make yourself look like this?"

Barron laughed softly, his skin prickling with the knowledge that Nick found him so appealing. "I worked very hard to develop my body for the last ten years. I was a skinny boy and far too girly for my own good. The other boys mocked and bullied me until I could not bear it any longer. I knew I had to change and fit in or I would always be a victim."

"Well, you did a hella job of it, dude. That's for damn sure." With the wash cloth, Nick was wiping up the semen on Barron's cock and balls that he'd spilled into his briefs in the park. The mere touch of the beautiful junk sent shivers up Nick's arms. Barron was uncut and Nick loved the foreskin covering the head of his cock. He pulled it back and forth to expose and then cover up again the perfectly shaped head as Barron leaned back, sighing in pleasure.

"Keep that up, Nick, and I will shoot out all over you pretty damn soon!"

Barron was elated that Nick was so enthralled with him. Other fellows had reacted in a similar manner in the past, but none with such extreme ardor. And what made it all so wonderful is that he felt exactly the same way about Nick.

This was way more than just hot sex with a really hot fellow, and Barron loved it when it was like that - an intense mutual admiration that stirred the senses and elevated what could be just a hook-up to the heights of camaraderie, lust, love, and adoration. Way so much better than just sucking and fucking!

Nick realized that he'd better stop playing with Barron's dick. He got the towel and wiped off dude's genitals and thighs then pushed himself up to his feet and toed off his boots and kicked them aside. It was time for him to get undressed too.

He unbuckled his belt and pulled off his jeans, watching Barron ogle him with bouncing eyebrows and a lascivious grin. He threw the pants into a dark corner and pulled off his shirt, flinging it somewhere. Then he stood there in his sexy boxer briefs, hands on his hips and crotch bulging outward.

