 After spending many, many hours reading, I have decided to write my own piece. This is my first story and I hope that you all enjoy it. Constructive criticism is welcomed and I do plan on further chapters to follow.

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Nick Woods is 27 years old, 6'1, tanned and toned Airman with brown eyes and close cropped brown hair.

Jason Murphy is 25 years old, 5'11, equally well build with blue eyes and similar cut dark blond hair. 

*****

I sat at the bar with my usual in my hand, the first one of the night. It was Friday night and as precedes most days off I found myself at Jackson's Tavern. Close to the base, cheap drinks, and owned by a retired airman made it the mainstay for personnel like myself. To keep things short, I'm in the Airforce, currently stationed at Lackland in Texas, and currently single. While I relax the week away the new guy walks on in. He's scanning the bar, looking for a spot, I wave him over. 

"Hey Murphy!" I holler over the music. He sidles up and takes the seat next to me. Its only his second week on base, it can be tough to break into a new unit when everyone else has been around for months or years. It's even harder when rumors and stories follow you about why you transferred in the first place.

"Evening Sir." He sounds tense.

"Call me Nick," I clap him on the shoulder and take a sip from my glass.

"Sorry sir, force of habit," He gives a slight smile, "Call me Jay I guess."

His shoulders let go a little bit, he's been so quite the last two weeks and I really wanted to get him out of his shell. Hopefully a few drinks would help. I wave down Jess, the bartender. He orders a beer, Blue Moon, and I get one more round for myself.

"Really? Jager and coke?" It's not the first time I've had my drink choice questioned.

"I spent some time in Germany, Ramstein AFB. Developed a taste for it out there drinking locals under the table." He chuckles as I knock back the last of my first. Jessica saunters over with our drinks. We clink our glasses together and start knocking them back. 

I switched to beer two drinks back and we've been talking steady. Jason had finally relaxed and opened up. We talked about past posts, funny barracks stories, and a little bit of our lives pre service. 

"So if you don't mind my asking, what made you transfer out here?" I ask plainly.

He suddenly locks up a bit in his seat, "I uh, just personal stuff. I'd rather not get into it." He takes a big gulp of his beer, eyes shifting to not meet mine.

"No problem man, sorry I brought it up." I try to reassure him.

"No need to apologize, it's just something I'd rather keep to myself." He's settled a little but I can see it's a pretty sore subject.

"I can respect that, after all I have my own things I keep only to myself." We sip our beers and after a few more moments of tension, we get back to casual conversation. A few hours later we close out the bar. As I take in the night air Jason asks if I want to split a cab back to base.

"Hehe, sorry man but I live off base, I usually just walk it." I'm not sober but I could still catch that flash of disappointment. I understood how he felt, it's not like we'd never hang out again but when you're having a good time, you don't want to see it end.

"If you want to save a couple bucks I got a comfy sofa. Just two blocks over."

"Sure, that'd be great." He had a goofy grin on his face, which I shared with him. It was weird, we we're like kids again, planning a sleep over. We had a lot in common but even then, I've seldom clicked with someone like I did with Jay.

We shuffled along down the street to my place, seldom a break in our conversation. Before too long we were at my apartment. I got a pillow and blanket out for Jay and showed him where the bathroom was. 

I yawn, "Well that's about it man. If you get thirsty, glasses are in the cabinet on the left above the sink, help yourself. I got to get some shuteye, I wiped." 

"Ok cool." He plopped down on the couch, as I turn to head to my room, "And Nick, thanks again."

"No problem." I give him a wave over my shoulder as I head down the hall.

I roll over to see what time it was, the clock staring back says 10:42am. As late as last night got I was surprised to find myself conscious before noon. It was the smell of food, bacon for sure. I rolled out of bed and hit the bathroom. After tossing on some jeans I stumbled to the kitchen so see what was going on.

"Morning sir." Jay said with a smartass smile. He's hovering over the stove, spatula in hand. "How'ed you sleep?"

I drag my ass over to my kitchen table and sit down. "Clearly not as well as you. I think I should toss my bed and just sleep on the couch." I stretch back in my seat, yawning loudly.

"Ha, I think it was the Jager before the beers that did you in." He had a point.

"Maybe so. Second order of business, whats for breakfast?

"Who said any of this was for you?" He looked back at me, there was that smile again. I just shook my head, "I figured you wouldn't mind a nice breakfast and its the least I could do for letting me crash here."

After another 10 minutes he brought over bacon, eggs, and pancakes to the table. He sat down and we both dug in, "Thanks for this," I said between bites. The food was good. I was so damned hungry to really talk or focus on anything but my plate, I swear I saw Jays eyes glance at my bare chest but I wasn't sure. I just let it go and cleared my plate. We finished eating and I loaded up the dishwasher.

"Well I should probably head back to base, I could use a shower and fresh cloths." He put on his boots and started for the door.

"Yeah man I hear ya, I gotta scrub down myself." As he opened the door I felt compelled to keep things rolling. "I almost forgot, let me give you my cell number, I was thinking of going out tonight, maybe shoot some pool." We pulled out our phones and exchanged contact info. He told me he'd be down to hang out again and he would call later today to set it up. After that I retreated to my shower for a much needed wash.

So after a fun Saturday night at the pool hall we make our way back to my place. After walking in we both crash on my couch. I could say it was my lack of a love life combined with alcohol that led to the next moment but it wasn't. As Jay would come to learn, this wasn't my first nor would be my last male on male experience. And it wasn't his either, I knew full well why he requested a change of post. He got involved with a married officer and when things went south he was left with little choice.

It was a big couch but we ended up right next to each other and I took a chance, my hand moving over to his thigh. His eyes snap to mine, my hand moves ever so slowly upwards, his eyes showing a mind moving a million miles a minute. He tries to speak but only stammers. I decide to lay out the cards.

"Look Jay, I know why you ended up out here, and I know it worries you that it might happen again. I have no strings, no baggage, nothing to hold us up. That being said, if I'm reading you wrong, if your uncomfortable, then we can stop it right here. No harm done, just remain regular friends."

Hes in a stunned state, just trying to proses everything. Finally he starts to speak.

"I'm not going to ask how you found out but I have to know, were you hoping for this when you called me over at the bar yesterday?"

"No. I honestly just wanted to get to know you and by this morning I found that we clicked so well. I could have let things play out over weeks or months but you coming back here again made me think you might want this too."

"It's a big risk, and neither of us are properly sober right now. Its not that I don't feel a vibe but I can't if you're not sure." Jay looked deep in my eyes.

"I was sober this morning and I can tell you here and now that I am 100% sure." I gave his thigh a squeeze.

He seemed to relax slightly, "Alright then, so can I assume this is probably not your first time with another man?" He asks, moving his hand on top of mine.

"You can indeed but its close. A few nights back in high school with a buddy of mine right before graduation. So its going on 9 years."

"Wow, well I'll be sure to take it slow." He finally lets out a proper smile.

I move my hand all the way up his thigh, brushing against his package I lean in and whisper, "After waiting 9 years what makes you think I want to take it slow." I flick my tongue out against his earlobe, grabbing his package fully in my hand. I begin to rub, feeling him grow.

"Whatever you say sir." He responds, his hand finding its way to my bulge, we lean in, our free hands grasping each other's necks as our lips meet for the first time. I waste no time at all, my tongue finding its way into his mouth, wrestling and writhing with his. As I'm used to I took the reins pulling him onto my lap. With him straddling me, he grinds against me, moaning low into my mouth. For a second I feel like a teenager again, full of a mad lust I forgot about long ago. We carry on with our tongues exploring and our ever hardening cocks grinding against each other.

Jay breaks the kiss and moves his head to my neck, gently biting and sucking. I let my hands move down his back and for the first time grasp his nice firm ass, pulling him in even closer. Jay shifts his body, moving down, his knees hit the floor, knowing just how to tease. He slowly draws his mouth over my clothed package, begging for release. By body tenses with anticipation as he grasps my belt line, pops the button, slowly dragging down the zipper. Hooking his fingers along the waistband of my boxer briefs, he locks eyes with me, a sly smile across his face. The pleading look in my eyes tells him everything as he finally pulls down, freeing me.

My cock springs out, 7 1/2 inches, and rock solid after all his teasing. Jay draws his tongue along the tip, slowly, lightly, precum leaking out. He lets out a satisfied moan," Mmm so tasty, can't wait for the full treat." This was just what I was hoping for and Jay did not disappoint. 

I let my head fall back, closing my eyes, getting lost in the feel of his hot mouth working over my cock. Tentatively taking the head into his mouth, tongue working slowly around and around. I let out a slight moan, bucking my hips upwards slightly, wanting to feel more. Jay obliges slowly moving his lips down my shaft. 

At around half way he draws off slowly, pressing his tongue hard against the thick vein on the underside of my cock. Dragging it all the way back to the tip, savoring more precum. Then with a quickened pace he takes me in again, I feel his nose press into me, every inch of my thick pulsing dick down his throat. 

"Jesus your amazing." I manage to pant out. He just moans, the vibrations sending a shiver up my spine.

He grasps me at the base with one hand and begins to work his mouth up and down in a steady rhythm. His other hand finds its way to my sack, slowly, gently massaging my balls. I don't know how much longer I can hold out. My hands find their way into his hair, griping lightly, I begin to buck my hips upwards and pull his head down. Needing badly to cum. Jay moves faster, his tongue swirling around, taking me all the way with every thrust. The feeling of my cock making it all the way to the back of his throat is incredible, it's been too long since I've had any girl who could properly deep throat. I couldn't hold out any longer.

I gripped his hair tighter, trying to grunt out that I was about to cum. He didn't miss a beat, pulling back so just the head was in his mouth, his one hand stroking my shaft while the other continued on my balls. I began to shoot hard, spurt after spurt across his tongue to the back of his throat. I could feel him take a big gulp, swallowing down my hot load. After a few more spurts he slowed his pace, pulling his mouth off, tongue tracing along the slit.

He looked up at me, mouth open, letting me see the last of my cum pooled there. A second later he swallowed it and gave a satisfied mmmm. I grabbed his hands and pulled him back up, into my lap. Pressing my lips to his, my tongue penetrating his mouth, tasting the remnants of my cum. His hands gripping my neck, running through my hair, I feel him grind into me. I know he is begging for sweet release and I am more than happy to oblige...