 Jason let himself into Nick's house and took a deep breath. Nick was on the sofa watching a talk show -- he had decided that he'd go into classes today and Spider had offered to walk him in.

"Hey." Nick smiled. Spider sat in a chair opposite him and didn't return the greeting. "Spi?" 

"I had sex with Claudia." Spider said. Nick's eyes widened. 

"Oh my." Nick felt his heart tighten and thought he might just be sick for a moment, it was stupid they weren't even a couple and he felt hurt. "Does Nathan know?" 

"No one knows." Spider shook his head and fiddled with his nails.

"Why did you do it?" Nick asked, his stomach had a dull ache in it that he couldn't shake off.

"I don't know...well I do. But..." Spider sighed unhappily. 

"Hmm?" Nick tilted his head.

"I did it to see if I was gay." Spider shrugged. "She's always had a thing for me and I really felt like I needed to know for sure before I..." He trailed off.

"Before you what?" Nick scowled. He wished Spider hadn't told him. Now the boy he loved was going to say he liked girls and Nick would just be a distant memory for him. 

"Before I ... you know." Spider grumbled. "Don't make me say it."

"What? Spider I am so lost right now." Nick frowned.

"I'm...I'm in love with you." Spider looked at him uncertainly. Nick's jaw dropped. "And I know that fucking a girl isn't the best way to be sure but I know I had to do it before I give myself over to you. And and and I know I've been a right bastard to you over these last few months but it's just because that first time I met you in the drama hall I could see myself with you in years and that was really unsettling for me and the way I felt and I tried not to get involved with you until I knew how I felt and..."

"Spider." Nick stopped him.

"Yeah?" Spider looked flustered.

"Shut up and kiss me." Nick said softly. Spider sat stunned for a second then went over to Nick wrapping his arms around him and pulling him to him. He then very, very softly kissed Nick's lips. Just once and then looked at him. Nick snuggled closer wanting more. "Well, ask me out. We've got to do this right. Forget the past and start a fresh." 

"Nick, I want you to be my boyfriend." Spider said softly following each word with a kiss to the neck. Nick murmured happily and let Spider kiss him more. "I also wouldn't mind having you right here and now." Nick giggled and slid his hands under Spider's shirt pulling it up and off. They were close and vocal throughout their lovemaking, Spider told Nick how beautiful he was and how good he felt he kissed him often and stroked his soft skin. When they were spent they lay on the sofa together, Nick wrapped in Spider's arms. "Mmm come on Twinkle, we better get you back to classes, you've been missed." They walked together slowly, neither really wanting to be in the company of others. Nick did wonder to himself how Spider would react when they were around their friends -- he was also worried about the atmosphere between Claudia and Spider -- would there be one at all? He asked Spider to stay with him for the day, as he still felt a bit fragile. When the two got back to the drama hall most people gushed over Nick being back and how well he looked and how were the parents coping? So Spider just sat on a sofa with Nile and watched the goings on.

Nick came over to sit with Spider as Lion went to pester Nathan.

"Okay?" Spider asked. Nick nodded. "To be honest it's been great without you. Much quieter." Everyone glanced over.

"Fuck you." Nick snapped with a laugh. 

"Well, nothings broken since you've been away." Spider teased.

"Well at least I've not had to deal with a boy that acts like a hormonal bloody woman." Nick raised an eyebrow. The atmosphere of the room was tense but the atmosphere between the two was relaxed and playful. Spider laughed and looked away with a smile.  

"Whoa." Lion said to Nathan. "Did Nick just win?"

"I think he did." Nathan nodded. Soon enough Nick was happily chatting away with Claudia and Trevor so Spider decided he could go and smoke with Nile. As they headed to the door he felt something tug at him. He turned, fag in mouth, to see a fragile looking Nick standing there.

"Where are you going?" He asked. Spider took the fag from his mouth and held it out. 

"For a smoke with Nile -- do you want to come?" Spider stroked his arm. Nick chewed his lip and glanced round. "I wont be long, promise." Nick sat with Claudia and the two went out. Spider sat under his favourite tree.

"Dude what's going on with you and Nick?" Nile asked. Spider didn't lie to Nile, he never had. 

"Um...we're together." Spider told him.

"Christ when did this happen?" Nile asked a little shocked that Spider hadn't told him.

"Just now." Spider laughed. "We had a long talk and I apologised for being a tit." Nile laughed too and then they started to head back to the hall. Nick was on the sofa chatting to Trevor and Miss Staff when the boys came back. Spider spent his time harassing Nick and prodding him. Nick slapped him away and tried not to rise to his torment -- knowing it'd result in Spider wrestling with him and Nick never won. Spider shoved him about and tried to trip him, the others laughed and watched their foolishness. Nile smiled to himself at their closeness and was happy that his friend was settled again. "Come on Twinkle!" Spider growled as he grabbed him and spun him around.

"Why do you call him that?" Miss Staff asked with a smile.

"Twinkle?" Spider grinned and put Nick down, sliding his arms around his waist and giving him a soft kiss that brought about some socked outbursts. "Because he's my little star." 

--

The End 