 The next morning Nick woke alone, wondering if he'd dreamt Spider coming to see him in the night. He glanced around the room and saw Spider's bag. Soon enough he came back in, handing Nick a coffee. He was shocked at how gaunt Nick looked, his eyes were red with bags and his once wild hair was lank, hanging on his cheek and neck. By the look of him he had no intention of moving. "You going to move today huh? Everyone wants to see you. Miss Staff's worried." Nick just swallowed and looked at his cup Spider watched him for a while then left the room and plodded down the landing. Nick wondered if he'd finally worn out his patience, he glanced out of the window; it was starting to brighten up. He put his cup on his table and sighed to himself. Spider came back in and tugged the duvet off the bed and scooped Nick up. Nick protested softly as Spider carried him to the bathroom and pointed at the full bath.

"You'll feel so much better after a bath." Spider said. "I'll tidy your room."

Nick undressed and got into the hot water he lowered himself in and felt the water relaxing his muscles, this did feel good. He soaked himself for a while then washed his body, loving the feeling of getting clean. When he was satisfied he climbed out, pulled the plug and wrapped a towel around his waist and trotted back into his bedroom. Spider saw him coming in, his skin damp, his hair wet and curled against his neck. A drop ran down his chest, navel and was stopped by his towel. Spider imagined himself dragging his tongue down there...then he snapped out of it. He stood and tried to ignore what was now pulsing in his pants, last night he thought he better cool it with Nick, he didn't want to give him any more trouble while he was dealing with this bombshell, so he'd just support him and be a friend. "Better?"

"Yeah much thanks." Nick nodded and sat on the end of the bed. 

"I have to get in for class, you coming in today?" Spider stood and stroked his wet hair.

"No. Not today." Nick shook his head. "Maybe tomorrow." Spider nodded and grabbed his bag. "Thanks for coming over." Nick stood and Spider gave him a hug, he smelled fresh, flowery and delicious, he couldn't help nibbling up that smooth neck, over his jaw and to his ear lobe, which he sucked at as he pulled him closer. Nick moaned softly as Spider dropped his bag and cupped his ass with his hands, rubbing his groin against Nick's softly he walked him back to the bed and as he lowered him he removed his towel, finding his cock semi erect. He kissed down his body, paying attention to his nipples while Nick arched his back and writhed. Spider took his hardening cock into his mouth and began to suck it until it was firm and thick against his tongue. He danced his tongue over the head and gently cupped his balls, working a finger in and wriggling it to find Nick's g spot. Nick laid there, his body shining and the beautiful boy between his legs, bobbing on his cock, it was almost more than he could take. He was trying to savour the sensation when Spider's finger hit a particularly sweet spot and his body jerked up with the force of his orgasm and he called out loud. Spider sucked his member dry then smiled at him in an almost guilty way.

"Uh, sorry." 

"What for?" Nick asked.

"I think we shouldn't do this sort of thing for a while...with circumstances being what they are." Spider stood as Nick wrapped the towel around himself again.

"I guess not." Nick smiled back trying not to show his disappointment. "Hey, can you give this to Claudia." He held a book out. Spider nodded and stuck it in his bag. "Catch you later."

Spider wandered away feeling pretty shitty. He was still in limbo over his feelings for the pretty red head and didn't want the fact that he was upset to influence them. He pondered for a while and after about forty minutes he found himself at Claudia's. He knew she had free periods this morning so he rung her doorbell. She opened and looked surprised at first.

"Spider! Hello. Come in!" She let him in and shut the door. "Drink?" 

"Please." Spider nodded, he wanted to get the taste of fresh come out of his mouth. "Nick sent your book back." Spider followed her to the kitchen where her mother was getting ready to go to work. "Hello."

"Hello Jason!" The woman smiled. "How's Nick doing?" 

"He's coping, he felt a bit better today." Spider told her, she excused herself and they went to Claudia's room. Spider sipped his coffee relishing the bitter taste. Her room was large and tidy, the bed was made with a teddy sitting on the pillows, the curtains were tied back letting in the mornings light. Spider admired the photomontages she had on her walls from their adventures he smiled at the photo of Nile pushing Nathan in the wheelbarrow and went to sit next to her. 

"Do you think Nick'll get over this?" She asked him softly.

"He will cope." Spider nodded. "You never get over, you just carry on. He's got us and I am sure that helps." He pulled his legs up onto the bed and leant back. "It's just so shitty for him, poor boy." 

"Yeah he loved his brother." Claudia nodded, she was a bit flustered at having him around, sure he'd been here before but she'd been prepared. She could feel her heart speeding up as she eyed his strong forearms. She kept herself focussed on her coffee while she thought of something to say, her mind was blank apart from the thoughts of how hot Spider was. "You free this morning then?" 

"Yeah" Spider nodded, feeling bad again for lying to Nick. "For a couple of hours."

"Want to walk in with me when I go in?" She leant over to put her coffee on the side, her sweater rode up and exposed her pale skin and suddenly Spider couldn't look away.

"Uh yeah." Spider ran a hand through his hair and looked at the floor, Claudia's slim legs distracted his eyes, he followed them up to her skirt and by the time his eyes reached hers he knew he couldn't stop himself. She looked back at him eyes wide, feeling the same. They came together, lips meeting tenderly softly kissing each other, adding some tongue, deepening the kisses as his arms went around her waist. She slid hers around his neck and played with his hair. She was warm and tasted good, Spider slid his hands down her back and to the front of her body, holding her breasts and feeling their weight. She didn't have a huge chest but there was enough there to keep him occupied for a while. 

He squeezed and rubbed them through the layers and then started to pull her sweater up, sliding his hands under, feeling warm skin and then the lace of her bra. He pushed it up and suddenly he was holding them, skin against skin. Her nipples perked up as he fiddled with them, pinching them to draw out moans from the brunette's lips. He pushed her back slightly and lifted the sweater higher, he kissed and licked around her nipple, still working on the other one, then he took it into his mouth and suckled she moaned out loud at this and a hand went into his hair. He kissed across to the other and reached around to unhook the bra, when it was off he lifted both garments over her head so she was topless. "God you've got good tits." He mumbled as he nuzzled one, flicking his tongue over the pink nub of her nipple. She moved to straddle his legs, kneeling to kiss him and let him play with her tits more. He decided to squeeze her ass as she removed his shirt; he knew they were going to end up fucking and it made his cock tingle. He hadn't had pussy for a long time.

"Oh Spi..."Claudia moaned softly as he massaged her breasts. He smiled against her neck and stroked up the back of her thighs, feeling her panties that were covering that tight little ass of hers, gently he pulled them down to mid thigh, then he started to stroke her inner thigh, trailing little circles around until he felt her pubic hair, it was shaped and trimmed. He rubbed her clit in slow clockwise motions and she gasped and rocked her hips. He slid a finger further back and felt her moistness before he reached her slit, he slid a finger in and she arched her back, tilting her head backwards, he took this opportunity to suck her nipples more and gently add another finger. He finger fucked her pussy for a while and then he moved up the bed, sliding out his fingers and putting them into his mouth to taste her. Claudia worked off his jeans and underwear and discarded her skirt. He looked at her there panting and wanting, her wetness visible on her muff, them nice tits rising and falling with her breath. 

"Condom?" Spider looked at her. She scrambled to her cabinet and brought one out, she lay it on the pillow and motioned for Spider to lie between her legs. He did as he was told and lay there, kissing her while she stroked his aching cock; her hands deftly stroked him and worked him into a further frenzy. He kissed her neck, sucked her ears and tweaked those nipples that were making him so hard. She rolled the condom onto his hard prick and he positioned himself at her entrance. "Ready?" She nodded and spread her legs further. Spider slid into her with a moan. She was so hot and wet and tight. He placed his hands on her breasts and thrust into her, looking down at her and kissing her from time to time.

"Oh god, I've wanted this for so long." Claudia moaned, arching her back and meeting his thrusts. "You feel so good."

"You feel pretty good yourself." Spider panted. They moved together, moaned together and breathed together, Claudia's hand went down to her clit and she began to rub it. "Oooh you wanna come baby?" 

"Oh god yeah." Claudia whimpered. Spider pulled out and she complained. He chuckled and pulled her to the end of the bed, sliding her back on his cock so she was facing away from him, he kissed her back and spread her ankles with his feet. 

"Better access this way." He purred thrusting up into her; his hands worked her nipples as she rubbed her clit. "Mmm you gonna come for me baby?" He groaned into her ear.

"Oh yeah oh yeah" Claudia was furiously rubbing her clit. Spider put one arm around her and held her lips open and up, so her little clit was exposed, he carried on playing with her nipple with the other hand and sucked and kissed the other. "Oh Spider I'm going to come with your cock in me." Spider sped up and felt her body tighten a second before the spasms rocked her body, she moaned and rubbed herself faster, he pinched her nipple hard and it added to the orgasm, she wailed and shook as she came, the tightening of her pussy aided Spider and he came inside her adding his own voice to the throws of their orgasm.

After he pulled out and removed the condom he lay with her while their heartbeats returned to normal. Claudia looked satisfied but worried.

"Don't worry." Spider said gently. "Nathan never has to know." She liked this answer and closed her eyes. Spider looked at her naked body and thought to himself.

"Yeah Nathan never has to know, but what about Nick?" 

--