 (((I didn't like the original ending, so I decided to do a new separate one! So here is the start of an alternate ending! You can choose the one you like! :p - Rob )))

*

It had been three days since Spider slept with Claudia. He had only told Nile about it and Nile had told him off. Now Nick was ready to return to the school and Spider, being the closest to his house, had been volunteered to walk him in. The say before he was returning Spider called round, just to see if he was okay. Nick was on the sofa watching a talk show when Spider called round. His stomach tightened with both uncertainty and lust when the black haired boy let himself in and sat next to him, giving him a hug as a way of hello.

"You sure you're ready for going back tomorrow?" Spider said.

"Yeah, I have to face up to the fact my brothers gone sometime." Nick shrugged. "I just am a bit upset that I believed his lies." 

"Don't think like that." Spider stroked his hair. "That isn't god. Just remember the good times." Nick nodded and offered Spider a drink. He accepted and they went into the kitchen. While the kettle boiled they stood in a happy silence. Nick's slim neck tormented Spider and before he knew it he was kissing it lightly. Nick tilted his head further and soon Spider had bent him over the work surface and was rubbing against him as he nibbled on that milky white neck. Nick giggled and pushed him away, pouring the boiling water in the cup. Spider worried his lip and knew he had to tell Nick about Claudia. 

"Um. Nick." Spider said, rubbing the back of his neck.

"Yeah?" Nick looked round.

"I ... er... well. I slept with Clau." Spider frowned.

"What?!" Nick's jaw dropped and he looked at Spider, stunned.

"Hah, yeah." Spider chewed on a nail nervously.

"And you're here, grinding against me and then you come out with that? You're fucking unbelievable Jason." Nick snapped. "Get the fuck out of my house." Nick stormed out of the room and headed to his bedroom.

"No Nick! It isn't like that! I mean, it was...I ... just listen to me!" Spider ran after him, he managed to get in Nick's room before the door slammed shut. "Nick."

"Fuck off. I am sick of your mind games." Nick growled, his voice wavered and Spider knew he was hurting. He looked at the red head that was staring out of his window with his arms folded across his chest. Spider went over and wrapped his arms around Nick, who tightened. He began to kiss his neck again, soft, tender kisses that tried to convey how sorry he was. Nick began to relax and Spider began to kiss up his neck, along his jaw before he began to kiss those plump red lips. They kissed softly for what seemed like an eternity then Spider began to undress Nick, he stroked his chest and cupped his ass. Nick removed Spider's clothes and they stood together, skin against skin. Spider gently worked a finger into Nick, preparing him for what he was going to do. Nick relaxed and leant his head on Spiders chest. Spider thrust up into Nick hard, the smaller boy cried out against his chest, his hands resting on Spider's pectoral muscles. The feeling of Spider's thick cock stretching him again made Nick forget about everything else. He moaned as the pleasure rippled through him and kisses rained down on his soft neck. Spider watched as Nick moved with his thrusts, his eyelids heavy and that perfect mouth open slightly. He smiled to himself and pressed closer to him. Nick slid his arms around Spider's neck and leant his head back on the wall. Spider kissed his neck softly in contrast to his hard thrusting. Nick's own cock was rock hard and pressed between them both. Spider lifted Nick and took him over to the bed. He pulled Nick's legs up to his shoulders and slid in deeper. Nick gasped then relaxed, his body was covered with a thin sheen of sweat and he'd totally forgot about his anger at Spider sleeping with Claudia. He opened his eyes and looked up at Spider who was thrusting into him, he looked at his hips, that tuft of pubic hair, up his toned body, along his muscular arms that were supporting him above him and to that gorgeous face. Spider smiled at him and Nick felt himself blush. Spider chuckled and leant down to kiss him, he stroked his face with one hand and Nick felt his orgasm building, he squirmed and began to gasp. Spider took his cock in his hand and began to stroke it in time with his thrusts. Nick's back arched and he called out as he came over Spider's hand and his stomach. Spider felt his body tighten and spasm and sped up his thrusts. Nick watched his face when he came inside him. Spider kissed Nick gently and pulled out. He lay on his side and took Nick into his arms. Nick rested on his chest and let out a satisfied yawn. Spider ran his hand up and down his back as he fell into a doze. 

Nick woke with Spider nuzzled into the back of his head. He stretched and felt Spider's arms tighten; he nuzzled closer and sighed happily. Nick smiled to himself and turned to face him.

"Hey." Nick said softly.

"Hey gorgeous." Spider kissed him softly. 

"We should talk." Nick looked away from him.

"Uh." Spider nodded. "Yeah if you want. About...?"

"About whatever situation we're in." Nick sighed. Spider ran his hand over Nick's side and waited for him to go on. "You're going to have to talk too y'know?"

"Yeah I know, it's just hard to concentrate with you being naked and all." Spider purred and kissed down his neck. Nick enjoyed the kisses for a while before pushing him off and getting out of bed.

"We're not having sex." Nick frowned.

"Oh yes we are." Spider grabbed him and wrestled him back into the bed. Nick protested but soon was giggling along with Spider who was tickling him. Spider pushed him onto his belly and kissed down his back slowly, inhaling the scent of his skin, the softness and the way it reacted when his lips touched. He rubbed his hands down Nick's back and softly massaged him. When he reached his pert ass he gently lifted it so it was in the air. He then began to kiss the firm cheeks slowly, feeling his cock begin to swell as he did so. Then he gently spread them so he could see that delicious hole that he'd been in the night before. He softly kissed a trail to it and heard Nick whimper gently. He reached round and found Nick's cock hard and leaking already. He smiled to himself then very gently began to drag his tongue over his opening. Nick moaned softly as Spider's tongue circled round the rim, softly applying pressure so it would gently slide into his body. He heard Spider moan behind him and moaned himself to reassure him. After Spider deliciously tortured Nick for a while he began to kiss back up his back, nipping softly as he did so, when he was almost at his neck he positioned his cock at the entrance to his body and began to push into the loosened hole. He was delighted when Nick pushed back, taking all of him in. "Oooh you want this?" Spider murmured, his voice thick with lust.

"Oh yeah." Nick nodded, his red hair flopping over his face. 

"Oh god, I'm not going to last long." Spider moaned. "You taste so good." 

"Oh it felt so good." Nick bucked back onto him, he felt Spider do a few fast thrusts and call out, as soon as Spider's hand touched his cock he came onto the bed sheets. Nick collapsed down with Spider on top of him, breathing heavily in his ear and snuggling close. "We still need to talk." Nick mumbled. Spider sighed and pulled out of Nick. He sat with his back to the headboard and tugged Nick up to him so they were sitting together. Spider slid an arm around him.

"Talk." Spider kissed the top of his head, his heart still racing.

"Why did you sleep with her?" Nick asked.

"Oh I don't know. Well. I do. But... I was confused and she's always had a thing for me. It was so easy." Spider told him. 

"What is sex with me?" Nick looked worried. 

"It's not just sex." Spider frowned. 

"Then what is it?" Nick looked at him and saw him look away, he knew Spider wasn't good at this and got embarrassed. "Spider I need to know -- I need to know what is going on in my life and at the moment I am so torn between feelings and confusion. It isn't fair." Spider grunted and got off the bed, pulling on his jeans. 

"I need to smoke." He said bluntly.

"No. We need to talk." Nick frowned.

"I...I can't. It's hard." Spider snorted his frustration. 

"Well you're just going to have too!" Nick snapped and got out of the bed, pulling on a shirt and his jeans. "What is it you want to say? That fucking Claudia made you realise you're not gay but you'll still fuck me cos it's easy? Or that everything we've done has been a mistake and we'll never talk about it again? Cos if that's it then it's fine, I just need to know so I don't feel like I am dying inside every day!" Nick's voice cracked and he felt a tear escape his eye. He swiped at it angrily and looked at Spider who was looking at him. 

"I slept with Claudia to see if I was gay." Spider said softly. "I know that sounds kinda weird but I had to know." He stepped towards Nick and tentatively reached out but Nick just scowled, tears flowing freely now. "I...um. I..." Spider was obviously finding this hard. But Nick was too upset to care.

"You what?" He grumbled.

"I...er...I think I might be in love with you." Spider said with a half smile and Nick felt his jaw drop.