 I was supposed to meet my mate, Craig, but he had to cry off at the last minute, so I was on my own when I hit the town. 

It was ok, but I didn't meet anyone I knew for once -- always the way, I suppose; if I'd had a bird and been trying to avoid everyone I'd have met them all.

Anyway, I almost didn't go to a club, but I was bored, and didn't fancy an early night, so I dived into one I'd not been in for a while. It was pretty busy, but not really my kind of crowd; everyone seemed to be too hooked up; too in a group or too not my type.

I was hanging around the bar, waiting to see if I could catch the eye of any girls, when this... bloke, is the only way I can describe him, spoke to me. He was a bit taller than me, maybe 5'11"; a bit heavier and older, but he seemed amiable enough, and about as tipsy as I was (it was a night when I could have drank all night and still been sober).

"A bit of a wasted night," he shouted.

I nodded; "Not much action, that's for sure."

"Are you not here with some mates?" He asked and I shook my head; "They're all washing their hair tonight."

The guy laughed. "Same here. Look; it's no use being in a place like this on our own; girls don't like speaking to guys on their own; spooks them out. How about we team up and see if we can bag us a couple of ladies?"

It made sense, and I'd often teamed up with guys I hardly knew in order to move in on a couple of girls. "Ok," I said. "Where do you want to start?"

"My names Rob," he said, and stuck his hand out. I shook it. He had a hard grip; almost too tight, and I didn't like him for a second, but he grinned when I said my name. "Good man, let's go."

It was all for nothing. Every group we approached dispersed, and every pair of girls turned out to be waiting for their partners, or so they said. I was feeling a bit frustrated, and when the lights flashed for last orders I really wanted to grab anything. My new friend, Rob, didn't seem so bothered, and looked at me as the crowd began to slowly thin. "Sorry, mate; maybe you would have had better luck on your own after all."

I shrugged; "nah, it's just one of those nights."

"Yeah, well, I don't know about you, but I'm not ready for bed just yet. How about one for the road?"

"Sure, but the bar's closed."

"Not here, and there aren't any decent late opening boozers round here. My flat's just round the corner; I've a few beers in the fridge and a couple of bottles of stronger stuff. How about we nip round there for a peaceful glug?"

It didn't seem like a bad idea, and the thought of rushing off home to my own dull flat wasn't very appealing; besides, I'd not get a taxi for ages at this time, so I nodded, "Sounds great."

Rob's flat really was just round the corner, only about a five minute walk from the club. It's amazing though, how quickly you can leave the noise and the drunks behind in a city; one street is chucking out time chaos, and the next is peace and quiet.

Up the stairs to Rob's flat on the 2nd floor; small, but fairly tidy; a bog standard rental. He didn't have much furniture, just a big sofa, a coffee table and a TV on a unit in the corner, with a stack of DVDs by it.

Rob brought us a couple of nips -- big measures, with not much water. "Cheers," he said, and we drank. The silence in the flat was pretty loud after the club. Relaxing.

"I hate a night ending like this."

"What; with a whisky?"

"No, mate, and no offence, but I don't go to clubs for the music, if you know what I mean."

"No, I know. You build your self up, and make all that effort, and pfft. It's just another evening."

"Yes, exactly. I get really het up when I see all those girls with their tits and arses hanging out. Gets me right going. I'll not sleep tonight, I tell you."

He got up and went over to the TV and started sorting through he DVDs.

I laughed, "Well, you'll just have to give madame palm a phone and see if her daughters are free."

Rob gave me a look and said, "Maybe we will, at that."

He'd put a disc into the TV, and picked up my glass without saying anything and took it away. The TV flickered, and then it must have been a pirate copy, because there was no intro or menu; the film just started, and it wasn't a Disney production.

A busty young blonde girl in an office was getting the come on from her equally young male colleague. No time was wasted, and as Rob came back with our refilled glasses, the girl was on her knees in from of the guy, unzipping him and pulling out a massive cock. I couldn't say exactly what size it was. But it was bigger than mine.

"That should be us right now," said Rob, "Some wee hairy on the end of our knobs, about to get a bit of throat action." I laughed. 

"I'm with you there."

The girl was now taking the guys cock all the way down, and rolling her eyes and moaning. It was a pretty good looking blow job, and I was getting hard myself, but I was also dying for a wee, so I asked Rob; "Where's your toilet, mate?"

He looked at me in mock surprise; "You'd better not be about to jack off in my bog! Just on the right."

"I'll try to leave some loo roll."

It's really difficult having a pee when you have a hard on, and but I managed to get most of it in the right place, though I did feel a bit light-headed, finally.

Back in the living room, the couple on the TV had been joined by an older guy, who must have been the boss, and he was slapping the girl about a bit and yelling at her, while the young guy sat looking sheepish.

Rob smiled at me; "Alright, mate? I nodded. 

"Not bad. That's a bit rough though, eh?"

Rob shrugged; "I've never met a girl didn't mind a bit of rough stuff; most of them are up for it; just want someone to take charge of them and show them who's boss. Does it not get you going?"

I knew it was all for the camera, and although I'd never hit a girl in my life, watching it did done like this; with her tits flapping about, and the guy alternating his slaps with a bit of groping, I was getting hard again. And then the boss was giving her it up the arse.

"That's brilliant," said Rob; "Up the arse; feels fucking amazing. Getting your cock up there; good and tight. Do you like a bit of that yourself?"

I had to admit, I'd not been with many girls who liked it, but the one time I'd done it, it was pretty amazing.

"I tell you what, said Rob, this video is getting me going something rotten; are you not gagging for it now?"

"It's not bad," I admitted; "And I could really do with that lassie over here right now."

"Well how about a wank?" said Rob.

I couldn't help laughing; "Oh yes, I'll just whip it out right now."

"Well, why not?"

I just laughed.

"No, no, listen; a wank's not up to much, but getting a hand job from someone else's not bad, and can be the dog's bollocks, if you know what I mean. C'mon; we're both guys, needing to let go; it's not like we've never done it before; we know the score. You do me, I'll do you, and we'll both feel the better for it."

I was pretty red faced, I suppose. I shook my head, but couldn't really say much except, "No, I'm ok, thanks." But to be honest, I don't think I was totally convincing. I'd never been with another guy before, but it wasn't something that totally disgusted me; having a wank, that is.

On the screen, the boss and been shagging the girl front and back, and then come all over her face.

"You can imagine your doing her as you cum," said Rob. The sofa was big, but it seemed quite small at that moment, and Rob had turned round so he was mostly facing me, with his left leg crooked up on the seat cushion, so his crotch was exposed. I saw that he had a hard on as well, and it was pretty big. I looked back to the screen.

Now the girl had been sent packing, and the boss was standing in from to the young guy, his cock right out and only inches from the guys face as he harangued him. The young guy kept trying to look away, but he was licking his lips, and finally he turned and started to suck off the boss.

Rob moved, himself closer to me, and put his hand over my crotch. My cock jumped uncontrollably, and I tried to keep my eyes on the screen, but I didn't really see it, all my attention was taken up by Rob's hand moving up and down up and down on the bulge of my cock. "It's not that bad, is it." He said; "just a wank between pals."

And in actual fact, it didn't seem that bad, and I'd never been with a girl who was so quick to grab me, and so confident with her hand.

I just sat there as Rob worked his fingers onto my zip and pulled it down, then unfastened my belt and undid the button of my trousers.

The young guy on TV was sucking hard, and as Rob slid his hand into my pants and fondled my cock I closed my eyes and gasped. I'd never had a man's hand on me like that before, but somehow it didn't matter that it was a man touching me; like my cock couldn't tell the difference My hips moved. Rob slid closer and, putting his hands on either side of my hips, started to pull my trousers down. I lifted my hips and my trousers were pushed right down past my knees. 

"It's big," said Rob, quietly as he stroked my cock. Then he pushed his hand between my thighs to grip my balls.

I looked at him; at his bulge. I couldn't believe I said it, but it just came out; "Not as big as you."

Rob smiled, and moved up onto his left knee, his right leg pushed out onto the floor, leaving his thighs upright and his crotch right there beside me. "A touch for a touch," he said.

While he still stroked my cock and balls; gripping my shaft with his fingers and rubbing my head with his thumb; smearing pre cum over the most sensitive areas and making me breath quickly, I undid his belt and trousers and pulled them down; his pants too. Rob's cock sprang out, long and thick; much bigger than mine, and already sheened with pre cum

"Go on," Rob said; "Do whatever you want."

Gingerly, I reached out to touch his cock. It must have been 8 inches, and was thick to scale. The skin of the shaft was silky smooth, and the balls hard and hairy. The tip of Robs cock kept pulsing out pre cum in a steady stream of shiny clear drops. I felt Robs hand on my head, and I looked up at him. "I thought this was just about a wank?"

Rob was stroking my cock quicker now, and I have to say, it was one of the best wanks I'd ever had, and I was really losing control; I felt quite dizzy, and wasn't really thinking; my body was just telling me to do something. Then Rob touched the end of his own cock, and jerked my cock so I gasped and closed my eyes, almost ready to cum. 

Rob smeared his pre cum across my lips, his thumb pressing past my lips to rub against my teeth. "Hey," I said, automatically rubbing my tongue over my lips then rubbing my mouth with the back of my hand. Rob laughed; "Doesn't taste so bad now, does it." I looked at his cock and at the glistening pre cum, tasting the egg white texture and the smooth flavour and then at the TV, where the young guy was lying on the desk with the boss ramming him from behind, and I moved forward and lightly touched the tip of Robs cock with my tongue. What the fuck, I thought. 

Rob stopped stroking me and took my head in both his hands and pulled me forward onto his cock.

It filled my mouth, and I was caught between this weird new sensation, and the strength of Rob's hands, and I just couldn't help letting out a moan. 

Rob's cock was like a solid tongue in my mouth; hard muscle pulsed and pushed deeper than any French kiss. It was an extraordinary sensation, and I sucked and worked my tongue around that massive cock, exploring the head and the shaft, gasping breaths through my nose.

I felt my shirt being pulled off over my head, and I broke away from the cock for a second to let the shirt go, then moved back onto that monster. I wasn't thinking any more, I was holding myself up with one hand, and the other felt Rob's hairy balls, hugely swollen. I squeezed them, and when Rob groaned, I sucked and squeezed all the harder.

Then Rob was pushing me away, "Hey hey," he said, let's not rush." He'd taken off his own shirt, and I saw that he was covered in think black hairs. He was a bit like me, but just, well, more. More hair, more cock, more balls, and, I had to admit it, though it was a strange thing to say; more like a man; like a bloke. The young guy on the TV received a face full of cum, and I knew then that this was going to be a long night.

I stripped off completely naked, and lay down as Rob took off his own trousers. He lay down beside me and pressed his cock against mine. His hands were big and a bit rough, but it felt amazing to have then rubbing all over my body. He looked right into my eyes, and I felt like I was about to cum right then, and he kissed me.

His tongue was almost as hard as his cock had been, and was much more aggressive in its probing. He kissed me for a long time, and not just my mouth, but all over my face as well. I held onto him, and felt his hair and his body; not overtly muscled, but hard beneath the surface. All the while he was pressing himself against me, so I was jammed into the sofa with his cock crushing against mine.

Then Rob moved apart and stood, pulling me along with him. "Come on," he said and led me out of the living room. We went through into the bedroom, which was only lit by the street light filtering through the thin curtain. It was bright, though, and I supposed the light must be almost right outside the window; an odd, irrelevant thing to think about at a time like that, but there it is, and it distracted me from what Rob was doing at his bedside cabinet.

He turned and pushed me towards the bed until my knees touched it and I fell forward onto my hands. I felt something hard being pushed between my arse cheeks; something slid, and then it was being forced into my arse hole. I yelped, and said something , but Rob pushed harder. "Just relax," he said; "Push out like you are taking a dump." 

Not exactly romantic, and that, combined with the new, painful experience, made me struggle more, but Rob was much stronger, and whatever it was was well lubricated, and a suddenly it was inside with an exploding rush of feeling. I couldn't help groaning, and slumped down, instantly drained. Rob was beside me, arm around me; "It's just a little plug; a butt plug, to open you up a bit for later."

"Fuck off," I said; "I thought this was just about having a quick wank to let off steam."

"Is that what you were doing through there; wanking me?"

"You fucking know what I mean," I said, but a bit weakly. I tried to reach around to feel whatever it was that was up my arse, and pull it out, but Rob caught my wrist behind my back. My right arm was already pinioned between our bodies.

"Leave it in there for now; you just need to relax. I saw the look on your face as you watched the film; you were thinking of yourself as the guy on the desk, weren't you; getting that big cock right up there. Now's your chance; you're going to be that guy."

"No. I'm going home." I struggled to get up, but Rob was far too strong, and I was in a really awkward position. 

"You fucking bastard," I groaned.

I felt tears running down my face, and felt real sick fear then, but Rob was lying beside me again and kissing my face and stroking me; crooning some kind of comfort or apology. I didn't know what to do; whether from the drink or what, I just seemed to be powerless to even move. I was intensely aware of the butt plug, and it caused a rush of feeling every time I moved, and when Rob started fondling my cock and balls again, I couldn't stop myself from getting hard.

"That's it mate," said Rob softly; "Big and hard; going to make you cum long and good."

Then there was a knock at the front door.

Rob put a finger to my lips and gave me a look that terrified me. "Just one word," he said, and held up a clenched fist.

All I could do was feebly grab at the downie to cover myself.

Rob went out and I wanted to shout, but somehow the words just wouldn't come. I was completely powerless; I'd dropped out of normal life and turned up in some kind of nightmare world where I was suddenly just nothing; had no will left to even move my own body.

I heard Rob open the door, and then close it quickly. The bedroom door opened and someone else walked in. Rob came in and stood beside him, still naked, and still with a hard on, though it was sagging a bit.

The new bloke was as tall as Rob, but bigger; he had a gut and a thick goatee beard shot with grey. He was dressed in scruffy jeans and sweater. He looked down at me with an appraising leer.

"Fuck's sake, Rob, should have said you had company. Have you worn him out already; he looks a bit shot."

"Nah," said Rob; "We've hardly started. Just stuffed a plug up him to open him up a bit. Thought I might have to slap him around a bit to keep him quiet, but he seems to be enjoying himself well enough so far. You've come at just the right time."

"Fucking great," said the big man. He took his hands out of his pockets and pulled his sweater and t-shirt off in one movement. He was even hairier than Rob, and had moobs to match his gut, but he didn't look at all soft. His hands were huge and work-worn. He stood at the edge of the bed and I pulled on the downie a bit more. I just wanted out of there.

"Got a beer?" The guy spoke over his shoulder, all the time just staring at me.

"Yeah," said Rob; "Two ticks."

"Come on over here," said the big man. I shook my head, but the big man balled his fists. "Maybe I'll need to do a bit of slapping," he said, and I felt my body act as if of it's own accord as I inched toward the side of the bed.

"Take my trousers down." The big man said, "Easy."

My hands were shaking as I reached out and under the gut to find his belt buckle. It was a big one, with some motorcycle logo imprinted on it. The man's skin was surprisingly warm, but clammy. I got the belt undone, and then started on the buttons. The butt plug was pressing into my arse as I sat on it, and I wondered if it could go all the way up. Would they still fuck me if the plug was stuck up my arse? Probably. 

The big guy wasn't wearing any pants, and when I pulled his trousers down, his cock was right there, maybe six inches, but thick out of all proportion. It was stiffening fast, and the guy didn't waste any time, but gripped my ears and yanked me forward onto his cock. It rubbed over my face for a moment, then he twisted my ears till I yelped and rammed himself into my open mouth; again and again, fucking my face. I grabbed his hands, but he just twisted my ears harder, and through the pain I felt other hands -- Rob's, grab my wrists and hold them down as this banging went on; my nose ached from beating against the man's waist, but his gut caught my forehead, so it didn't get crushed. His cock rammed right to the back of my throat, almost making me sick, and rasping the soft tissues of my mouth. I didn't even think to bite, but couldn't help my lips from closing around the shaft, and my tongue, in trying to clear the obstacle, rubbed the bottom of the hard cock. The the guy groaned and jerked faster, and my mouth and throat abruptly filled with thick salty cum. It was hot and I crazily thought it was going to burn me, but the heat passed quickly. I could only swallow and swallow to stop from choking, and then the cock was out of my mouth, and the last few drops were being smeared over my face as I spluttered and coughed.

"Fucking magic," Rob shouted as he pulled me backwards down onto the bed and ran his tongue all over my face, licking up the big man's cum. I tried to turn away, but I was held tight. I felt the other man's hands grubbing around my cock and balls painfully, then his hand pushed between my thighs. "What the fuck's this," he asked with a snigger, and gave the butt plug a twist that made me squirm and cry out.
