 When I was asked to attend a stamp exhibition in Germany it wasn't the most exciting proposition. I was working for the Post Office in administration and they were having trouble finding volunteers. Anyway, I thought what the hell? It was a free trip to a country I'd never visited and I spoke a bit of German. So I went.

Frankfurt, it was. In a big exhibition centre like a hangar. I was manning the stand with one of our German agents, a 50-year-old ever-smiling man who took me out to dinner with his family the first evening. The exhibition was full of old men wearing grey raincoats and carrying briefcases, looking for the missing links I their stamp collections. They thought I was in some way exotic because I came from where the stamps came from.

Two old guys came around twice and made conversation in halting English and I went along with it politely. When they came around the third time they started talking about evenings and restaurants and my hotel, and I agreed it was rather boring.

"Then you will come to my house tonight and have dinner with us," Klaus said. "I pick you up here at six. Hansi comes too."

Klaus was tall and thick set and bald. Hansi was shorter, with long grey hair and a beard. They seemed like nice enough people and an evening in a home was cheaper than sitting in a restaurant on my own, now that the agent had done his duty and apologetically told me I would have to fend for myself.

At six we piled into Klaus's old Opel and headed out of the city into farmland. It was a slightly strange feeling being driven into the unknown, but I didn't feel worried with these two safe middle-aged men.

We pulled into a farm that looked disused and they took me into the old house, a cold stone place. In the big front room Klaus built a big fire with logs from outside and they served up some kind of stew. There was no sign of a farmer's wife, or any female at all, in fact. Just big Klaus, hairy Hansi and me.

The room warmed up quickly to the extent that we all took off our jackets and rolled up our sleeves. Klaus put some music on - German language middle of the road stuff. He and Hansi were sitting on a big leather sofa and I was opposite them on a matching one. They poured Jagermeister like it was water and we were all getting a bit drunk. Pleasantly so, in my case. I felt extremely relaxed: away from home, out in the wilds, warm, fed and a bit woozy. The conversation wasn't that fluent due to language restrictions, but the three of us were determined to have a nice, sociable time.

As Klaus refilled my Jagermeister I became aware of Hansi doing something unusual over on the other sofa. He had taken off his shirt to reveal a hairy chest and was now unzipping his trousers. They were loose, old-fashioned suit trousers, the kind that give no indication of what is underneath. To say I hadn't been interested in what was in there would be untrue. For half an hour I had been feeling a bit horny and, in the absence of women, had been considering whether there was any fun to be had in this room. And what I had concluded was that if these two straight-looking, unsexy men were to start anything, I might just go along with it.

Hansi was indeed starting something. He was now sitting opposite me, naked except for his grey socks, a perfectly decent penis erect above his hairy crotch. It was uncut, about six inches long and hard. His pubic hair was thick and dark and his thighs were covered with hair too. So were his chest and his arms, and I had a feeling - or perhaps a hope - that his back was too.

I didn't know, of course, what Hansi had in mind. Maybe he was just very uninhibited and had decided to have a wank.

"You are looking at Hansi's body," Klaus said. "You like men naked?" he put his hand on top of my head and gave my hair a little ruffle. 

"We are going to fuck you, Jeff," he added in a matter-of-fact way. "You want that too, not true?"

With that, Klaus unzipped his own trousers and they slid to the floor.

"You want to see my cock?" he said, fondling himself.

I said nothing.

"I think you do," Klaus said, pulling his old-fashioned white y-fronts aside to reveal big, low-hanging balls and a small patch of pubic hair surrounding a thick, hard cock.

"You want to suck me?" he continued.

Hansi stood up and walked over and sat next to me. He leaned across me and grabbed me by the shoulder before pushing his face into mine and kissing me as Klaus's erection waved around in front of us. Klaus said something to him in German and Hansi began unbuttoning my shirt and then my trousers. He thrust his hand into my underpants and gripped my very excited cock.

"So that is the answer," Klaus said contentedly. "An erection doesn't lie."

Hansi pulled my head down into his lap and made me suck his cock. I was shaking with excitement at this unexpected turn of events.

"You will suck both of us," Klaus said as the aroma of Hansi's hairy body wafted up my nose and the feel of his smooth, firm cock head thrilled me. Klaus sat the other side of me and grabbed my cock. He began to wank me with a calm, controlled confidence. 

"On your knees," Klaus demanded, and I left Hansi's beautiful penis to move onto Klaus's monolithic erection. It felt and tasted different, and my position, on my knees on the floor, naked in a room that didn't have a bed, made me feel extra sinful.

As I sucked Klaus's cock eagerly, Hansi got on the floor behind me and manoeuvred me so my arse was in the air. I felt the brush of his beard on my back and my buttocks before he grabbed my sides and his big, wet tongue plunged into my arse. He licked me like a dog, lapping at my arsehole hungrily and sending waves of powerful, dirty rapture through me. I hoped he was softening me up for a buggering, and when he left my hind quarters for a moment I was ecstatic to find he returned with a tube of lubricant and began slathering it in and round my hole.

I continued my worshiping of Klaus's body, sucking his wonderful German penis and feeling the rolls of fat around his middle.

Wanting to speak for the first time, I detached myself from Klaus's cock.

"I want you both to fuck me," I said. "In bed. The three of us."

Hansi stuck his middle finger right up my arse and I flinched.

"You sure you can take two German cocks in one session?" he laughed.

"What is the difference?" I said.

"We like to play a game with English guys," Klaus said, stroking his big shiny head proudly. "You are a visitor we have captured. We have been stuck out here alone for months with nothing to do. Now we are going to have our fun with you. We have lots of energy, lots of aggression, and it is coming your way. You are going to have an experience you will never forget."

The two of them looked at me for a reaction but all I did was smile. Then Klaus pulled me to my feet, leaned down and hoisted me onto his shoulder. If this was part of the role play it was all right with me, although it was notable that Hansi was less macho. My hardon got harder than ever as we climbed up the stairs with Hansi leading the way. 

We entered a large bedroom in which an old electric fire glowed on one wall. It was warm in the room and the bed was old and soft, as I discovered when Klaus dropped me onto it like a rolled-up carpet. He left the room with some muttered instructions to his friend.

Hansi lay beside me and placed one arm and one leg across me. He stroked me sensuously and his bearded face invaded mine as he kissed me, not aggressively but gently and erotically. Slowly he moved his whole body on top of me and just lay there. I put my arms around him to feel his warmth and his hair. I stroked his furry back and felt his muscular shoulders, also trimmed with fur.

"Jeff," he whispered, "I am going to make love to you. Klaus will be a few minutes and we can have a nice time together. When he comes back he will want to fuck you like an animal. And you will let him. But tonight you say you have to go back to the hotel and I will take you. Okay?"

He looked me tenderly in the eyes and even as I was nodding yes my legs were lifting like a hydraulic device to let this lovely man in. He played with my lubed anus and kissed me deeply, then moved up and placed his cock at my entrance. He slid in firmly but carefully and soon I was full of a hairy German man's penis. It felt wonderful. He was so kind and considerate, yet utterly masculine with his head-to-toe hair and his hard cock and his furry balls, which I found myself holding and admiring

Hansi didn't take long to come, and he came inside me without asking, as if he knew that was what I wanted. Then he rolled off, just as Klaus came back in the room with a camera in his hand.

Hansi excused himself and I heard him going down the stairs. Klaus put the camera down and grabbed me by the ankles. He pulled me towards him and manhandled me into a kneeling position.

"Hansi came in your ass," he observed. "It will be nice and slippery for me."

With that, standing behind me, he pushed his cock into my crack and slammed his large, heavy body forwards. His big, thick cock plunged inside my hole, which was fully ready after Hansi's ministrations. As predicted, Klaus fucked me like an animal, his balls slapping against my skin and his cock head ploughing deep inside me. It was breathtaking in a rather unsettling way - very different from Hansi's loving approach, and I had to quickly decide to accept this style and enjoy it. I wasn't looking for love, after all, just physical thrills, and Klaus with his big macho body and attitude was delivering that, as long as I didn't mind being his bitch, which was clearly how he saw me.

"I will come in your mouth," he informed me, before abruptly withdrawing and throwing me onto my back. He pinned my shoulders down with his knees as he began to wank, and when he felt himself coming he clambered down a little and his dirty macho cock spat spunk on my face and into my mouth. He came in the vast quantities you would expect of such a man.

On the one hand I was steamrollered by his caveman performance, and the memory still thrills me from time to time, when I'm feeling at my most submissive. I was glad when he went into the bathroom and Hansi reappeared. They had a brief conversation about me going back into the city. I had a quick shower and Hansi and I left.

As we sped along the country road he talked about football and we enjoyed knowing a bit about each other's national team. It was romantic in a strange way and at one point he pulled over beneath some trees and kissed me and put a hand on my balls.

"You are a nice guy, Jeff," he said with a smile. "We will have a good time tonight."

It was still only 10 o'clock, and we had packed a lot of excitement into half an evening. We should be back in the hotel by 11.

"What do you want to do later?" he asked, as my hand slid into his shirt and played with the hair on his stomach. I grunted noncommittally.

"Come on," he said. "You can tell me."

"Okay," I said. I didn't know why I should have any reservations with a man who had already fucked me and traces of whose spunk were still in my bowels. "I want to lick your arse," I said. "I want to spend a long time doing that."

"I would love for you to lick my ass," he said.

Back at the hotel room, without a word we undressed and Hansi knelt on the bed. His body was so beautiful with its sheen of reddish hair and his lovely balls hanging there like a dog.

"Lick my ass, Jeff," he said quietly. "You wanted me to say it, didn't you? Guys who love to do it like to hear the words."

He was dead right. There is only one thing better than licking a nice man's anus, and that is being asked to do it first. It's something that someone like Klaus wouldn't have understood. To him it would have been a command to do something humiliating. With Hansi it was an invitation to do the most intimate thing. Sure, there is an element of submission about it, but with the right guy I love to do it. I love the ritual, the aroma, the taste, the feeling, the whole experience. I like to discuss it in low voices in public. When a nice man whispers in my ear, across a table with people nearby, "I want you to lick my arse" I can barely stop myself from coming in my pants.

Here in this hotel room I was being presented with the rear end of a man with a beautiful body, a sexy, respectful, masculine man who was going to fuck me again later.

I got down behind him and put my face in the slot. I smelled this man's bottom, I put my nose against his anus, I ran my tongue up and down his forbidden slit. At the same time I felt his balls, his wonderful hairy balls, and his sleek, fur-based cock. I licked Hansi's arse lovingly and he moaned in ecstasy.

"I want you to come in my mouth," I said.

"How?" he asked.

"Kneel on the bed and I kneel on the floor," I said. Hansi got into position. He was like a fine animal, perfectly formed, powerful, potent, masculine. I knelt before him, took his cock in my mouth and sucked it tenderly, feeling his furry, semen-filled testicles, and I stroked him for a while, then handed over to him.

"Wank into my mouth," I said, and I just kept my face there while he brought himself to the edge, then at the crucial moment he leaned forward and I took his member into my mouth and he launched his precious semen onto my tongue and down my throat.

It was the most wonderful night of my life. Hansi fucked me doggy-style and face to face, my body upside down and completely open to him. I licked his arse again three or four times and in the middle of the night he sucked me off - this near-stranger, this ordinary foreign man with the beautiful body and the seductive attitude sucked my cock until I came in his mouth.