 Snow was falling but I could barely see anything that was happening in the outside world through the steam on the windows of my bedroom. 

My mind wandered to those moments back in the living room when Miles, Brandon and I were talking and drinking just after they had wandered in out of the snowstorm raging outside.

I have to admit, I had been jealous of Brandon when he first came into my apartment. Then I saw him sitting on the couch with Miles, snuggled up to him, receiving his affection. 

I had actually gotten jealous. I resented him being here, crashing our reunion. I kinda hated the pretty little twink. 

Fuck him, I thought. Fuck him and his cute little face and cute little ass. 

I stewed, watching as he and Miles looked at each, flirted with one another. I put on a brave face, but inside I was churning with negative energy. 

I recognized those glances and smiles they were sharing, you see. 

I remembered how hard I would be when Miles put his arm around me and pulled me to him when we watched television. I remembered how he smelled and how incredible his lips felt on my neck. 

I remembered how his hand would slide down between my legs and he would just hold me, subliminally telling me that my cock was his. Then I would kiss him back and he would pull me to him. I'd sit on his lap, my legs wrapped around him, his hands on my ass. That beautiful black cock of his under me.

And now here he was with another guy doing the same things. 

Everything had changed since I welcomed them both into my bed.

Lying here in the dark, feeling the electric surges between us, all those negative feelings faded. Different feelings washed over me now. There was no jealousy or resentment. 

All that remained now was an undeniable, sexual energy. 

The three of us were soaked with sweat. Our cocks were rock hard and our balls were churning, aching for release. 

The fire popped and cracked. 

The wind howled.

I could hear Miles fucking Branson. He had braced himself up on his hands, to better his leverage. His thrusts were pounding Brandon's asshole.

It was times like this I was glad I didn't have neighbors because Brandon was (How should I say this?) vocal. Miles' balls slapped against Brandon's sweet bottom as he thrust into him. I remembered how that felt.

There's nothing like the sound of sweaty skin pounding into sweaty skin. 

Miles was giving a masterclass in how to fuck an ass. 

I stroked my cock, watching it all, wishing I was in Miles' place fucking that sweet, cherry pie ass. 

Part of me, though, you can probably guess which, was wishing I was in Brandon's place. I wanted to be fucked by that magnificent black cock and feel Miles' heavy balls spank me. Just like in the good old days.

I could tell by his breathing and the expression on his face, Brandon had come. He couldn't move though. He was impaled on eight inches of thick black cock.

Miles pulled out of Brandon and he collapsed onto the bed,

Miles told me to get on all fours and I obeyed. 

I stared at his cock. It glistened with cum and moonlight. It stood straight out and was pulsing. It needed to be back inside someone. 

I felt Miles position himself behind me. He placed his strong hands on my cheeks and spread them. Cool air rushed in between my legs and felt good on my body which had to be somewhere around a 1000 degrees. 

Brandon, not satisfied with just watching, slid under me and took my throbbing cock into his mouth. I raised my hips a little to better accommodate his talented mouth.

I was hovering over his cock, so I returned the favor. It was soft but as soon as the warmth of mouth enveloped it, those five inches began to stir.

As I slowly bobbed up and down on Brandon, I felt Miles kiss my pucker. He stuck his tongue against it. He swirled it around teasing me. I felt a thousand butterflies take flight. 

Then Miles slid his tongue inside me. He pushed it in and then pulled it out. 

I gasped. It had been a very long time since someone had touched me in that way. It felt good, so fucking good. 

Miles removed his tongue, planted a tender kiss on each cheek and then slid two fingers inside me.

Brandon was working just the head of my cock now, swirling his talented tongue all around it like a lollipop. I mimicked what he was doing to me and he purred happily. 

Miles began sliding more fingers inside me, stretching me. I was slick with his spit and my gaping hole was quivering. I was ready. Oh God I was ready.

He must have sensed my need and knelt behind me, his leaking cock head aimed directly at my hungry hole. He pressed against me and I pushed back. His large mushroom head slipped inside me. 

Suddenly I was transported to our first time together. 

Miles paused. He held my cheeks. Neither of us moved. He was as tender now as he was all those years ago. I know he just wanted to stick his cock in me and fuck me wildly, make me his again, but he resisted. He was patient. 

I pushed back against him. He inched forward. 

He went slowly at first, reintroducing my ass to his perfect cock. Memories came rushing back to me as he slid another inch of black meat into my ass. 

Then, with a grunt, my old lover slid all the way inside me. It hurt but I pushed out and felt him slip all the way inside. Like a glove, he said. 

I pushed back against him, remembering what to do. Reflex was taking over now. I shot my load into Brandon's mouth.

Miles started rocking into me, fucking me, taking me. He was feeding me every inch of his black beauty, until he was sliding every inch up into me and I could feel his balls tap me. 

I wanted to be fucked by his black cock. I needed to be fucked by his black cock. 

Miles spanked my ass and gripped my cheeks, pulling me onto him like an animal. He was grunting now and I knew he was close. 

I couldn't suck Brandon any longer. I had other things on my mind. My head was back, my eyes closed. 

And then it happened.

Miles tensed and I felt him explode inside me with a thunderous orgasm. 

I screamed. He roared like the ebony lion he was. He gave me every drop he had to give. I clenched my cheeks, milking him. 

When he pulled out I felt empty but full and happy. 

We all collapsed into a sweaty, sticky pile in the middle of my bed. We kissed and licked and held each other's aching cocks until they softened. 

I don't know when any of us fell asleep. 

Snow continued to fall. 

The last thing I remember was the glow of Christmas lights and someone's hand gently resting on my stomach. Someone kissed my neck.

When I awoke Brandon was sucking my cock and Miles was behind him, up to his balls in that sweet twink bottom. 

I wanted some of what he was enjoying and pulled Brandon off my cock, even though it felt amazing. I kissed him on the mouth and then turned my attention to Miles. 

I took that black beauty into my mouth and wet it with spit and kisses. I pumped it and could feel it turn to steel. It was fully awake now.

I made sure he was good and wet with my saliva. Then I turned onto my back. This time I wanted to look into Miles' face when he mounted me...fucked me. I wanted to see that gorgeous smile and get lost in those beautiful brown eyes.

Mile lifted my legs and placed my ankles onto his broad shoulders. He slid to me and I felt his cock poke between my thighs. I scooted closer, spread my cheeks and let him inside me. 

Miles pushed forward, all the way to the base of his cock. 

I gasped. 

Brandon leaned over and kissed me on the mouth and then kissed each one of my nipples. His hand went to my cock and he pumped me slowly.

I reached out and returned the favor. 

I was on complete auto pilot now. My brain was being bombarded with a million thoughts, but my body knew exactly what to do. 

Miles began pushing into me. His cock touched every part of me as it slid slowly back and forth. 

He growled as he fucked me. 

Fucked me. 

I was being fucked by a black cock. 

Oh how I had missed it...him. 

Miles looked at me and our eyes met. Those pools of sparkling brown pulled me in and we became one for that moment. 

He smiled at me and I licked my lips. 

He mouthed the words, "I love you."

I replied in kind. 

He gave me a slight nod. His cock twitched. I nodded back and screamed Yes, please with my eyes.

Miles began rocking into me faster now, his cock stroking my inside. Once again his balls slapped against me. 

Once again it all felt so right...so natural. Being fucked by him, being fucked by black cock. I was exactly where I needed to be, having done to me what I needed, what I desired.

I knew it wouldn't be long. I could tell by Miles breathing. His eyes were closed and his mouth was tensed. His cock felt like lightning in my ass. He began thrusting faster. I readied myself.

"Here it comes," Brandon squealed. 

Miles exploded deep inside me. He sprayed my insides until cum started leaking out of my well-stretched hole. Brandon leaned down and kissed me. We French kissed but I kept one eye on my black lover.

Miles slowed his strokes. He was finished but still himself. We waited until his all of seed was inside me. I couldn't take it all and some leaked out and onto the bed under me. 

Miles finally softened, pulled out and collapsed on top of me. I rolled onto my side and he rolled with me. We embraced. 

Brandon squeezed between us. We kissed each other as we stroked and massaged and penetrated one another. 

Finally we were spent. We lie together, pressed into one another. We inhaled the muskiness of our morning fuck.

As we lay there, the scent of man sex filling the air, Brandon suddenly looked up, allowing Miles' cock to slip from his mouth. He looked towards the kitchen and said, "Anybody else feel like pancakes?"

I looked towards the window and saw that it was still snowing. 

I turned back to the two naked men on my bed and said with a mischievous grin, "Maybe we should take a shower first."