 It was a cool autumn day. I wiped the fog from my steamy bath from the mirror in order to shave. Staring back at me I could see a twenty-one year old boyish-looking face with blond hair and blue eyes.

My nuts hung down after soaking in the tub of hot water. They were swollen from lack of pussy. Madeline my girlfriend had run off to California two weeks earlier. Hope she has fun with the cash that she took. 

I'm so horny, I thought, as I looked at my naked body in the full length mirror; My six inch cock proudly stood at attention; it looked like a fireplug; it was three inches thick and seven inches round. 

I had a nice shaped ass. My hips were narrow and butt cheeks were nicely shaped and protruded not flat at all and smooth. 

I got dressed in jeans (no shorts) and t-shirt and flannel shirt and walked down Highland toward Ponce. I liked the feel of soft jeans rubbing against my cock.

I was on my way to the diner on Ponce when I decided to check out the adult book store down the street. 

After entering the store I passed the chubby clerk to the back where the video booths were. 

I stopped to look at the marquee pictures demonstrating the movies. One movie in Booth 3 showed a man with a nice size cock protruding from a woman's ass hole while she smiled. 

A tall dark haired man walked up and asked me if I wanted to watch a movie together. He seemed very nice; maybe he was a salesman around 30 years old. I figured he just wanted to jerk off together.

I said yes and before I knew it, we were inside a 5X5 booth. He put several quarters in the money box and the movie started. 

We had to stand and look inside a glass window at the movie. The action was exciting as the young busty woman sucked a large cock while spit filtered out and dripped on her tits. 

I was a little surprised to feel my new companion's fingers stroking the outline of my very stiff cock through my jeans. However, I did not protest his touching; while in Rome. . .you know.

He knelt down and unfastened my belt then pulled my jeans down to my knees. My cock sprang straight out at attention. He made a moaning sound in appreciation of what he saw.

His mouth quickly encompassed my cock and I could feel his wet hot mouth gingerly sucking the head. He sucked expertly on my cock while my eyes viewed the woman being fucked in the ass. 

"Oooooh, that's sooo good," I moaned. What a nice man I thought as he sucked my cock expertly and massaged my nuts so gently. 

He took all six inches in his mouth and throat effortlessly. Most women couldn't get much past the head.

Then I could feel his hands on my ass cheeks. He was pulling my cheeks apart and massaging them. Mmmmm yes that felt great too. 

I was apprehensive when his finger tips stroked and massaged my virgin ass hole.

He then spit on his finger tips of his right hand, reached between my legs and while pulling my left cheek apart began to rub my little brown hole with his slick fingers. 

He continued to softly suck my cock while his slippery fingers were prodding at my little hole. 

I wasn't sure I wanted him to do that but when one of his fingers managed to squeeze inside me, it felt so good that I let out a soft moan.

Soon he had his long fat finger in my nether hole and his finger began a wriggling motion that massaged my prostate and caused my cock to spasm like it was cumming. 

I was powerless to stop him. I was on the verge of cumming. He withdrew the digit to spit on two fingers that quickly entered my aching hole. His fingers stretched my tight hole but I felt so good. 

He alternated sucking and releasing my cock and prodding my ass with his fingers not allowing me to cum yet. 

Once again he removed his mouth from my cock and I could feel the cool air on my spit drenched cock. 

He didn't remove his fingers and continued to finger fuck my hot hole. It was such a great sensation my cock felt like electricity was running through it. 

Each time he thrust his fingers in my hole, my cock jumped up noticeably. It was a spasm delight that felt like I was cumming. 

He continued to finger fuck me for several minutes. Each time he thrust his fingers inside my tight hole, my cock jerked up in perfect unison. 

I was concerned with how much cumm would come out and where to put it crossed my mind.

He stood up behind me and reached his left hand around in front under my shirt and found my nipples. 

He began pinching and pulling them. They were so hard and pointy. The pinching sent waves of pleasure to my hard cock.

"Mmmmm yes that feels so good," I moaned out. 

I had wondered what it would feel like to be fucked in the ass. I had never before experienced such feelings of ecstasy with fingers up my ass. Then I could feel his hard cock on my thigh. 

"You liked my fingers in your butt," he inquired. I think I said yes.

Then he asked me if I had ever been fucked before and I stammered n-n-no. 

"Would you like to try it," he asked. How could I refuse after the sucking and ass playing he gave me? He explained that I would enjoy it a lot.

"I guess so," I murmured softly.

"Imagine how good its gonna feel having my big cock inside you," he promised.

"How big is it?" I asked him.

"Nine and a half inches," he said proudly. 

He said he would go slow and stop if it hurt. I only nodded my approval. I felt some assurance that he would stop if it was painful. 

I grabbed his cock and was shocked to feel it was so long and thick. It was at least two hands long and my fingers only touched when I squeezed it. 

My ass was wet from his spit. He helped me pull my jeans off leaving my tennis shoes on. My pants gone I felt vulnerable and anxious but the feelings of exquisite delight and my boiling need to cum overruled any hesitancy.

I watched as he applied some ointment from a tube from his pocket to the head of his cock. 

He had me put my hands on the wall, spread my feet apart and slightly bend over my ass facing him. I felt like a suspect being frisked by the cops.

He held his cock with his right hand as it nudged inside my cheeks and his left finger guided the head to my tight hole. 

My bung hole was itchy and wanted more of his fingers inside me. I anticipated a painful entry but his soft cock-head massaged my anus as it prodded and it felt good when it finally popped inside. 

He reached around with his left hand and massaged my cock. With just the head snugly lodged in my ass ring, my ass began to pump back against his cock. 

I was hungry to engulf the rest of his hard cock. I wanted to satisfy my new found hunger for anal pleasure.

All of a sudden, his cock popped inside my sphincter stretching my virgin hole and the pain hit me like a knife. 

"Aiiiiiih,dam" I cried out in agony.

I cried out but he had already pulled back in anticipation and with just the soft head of his cock still lodged inside the entrance to my aching hole. My legs quivered and my cock was still raging hard. 

The biting pain ebbed and soon I was pumping back again onto his cock. 

"Its OK see it doesn't hurt now, its your first time it hurts a little the first time, just take deep breaths," he counseled me as he pumped on my cock.

We repeated this action twice more until finally I was pushing back on his cock when two inches of hard fat cock entered my rectum. 

This time it didn't hurt and my rectum had an unusual full feeling that I could tell was pleasant. My body felt really hot. 

Wow, what an experience. 

His hard cock felt so much better than his fingers. I could feel the tingling in my cock and my rectum was stretched sore to its fullest.

"You like that don't you," he asked. I only moaned a yes and continued pumping my ass back onto his hard cock.

"You got half of it," he stated.

I reached back in disbelief and grasped his cock and then I knew that at least half his cock was inside me. 

I continued to hold his cock directing it in my ass; pumping my ass against it. Each time his cock poked a little inside my rectum, my cock spasmed in delight. 

I let go of his cock and he began very slowly plowing a little bit at a time in and out of my ass deeper and deeper. It felt like he was moving one inch back and forth sort of teasing my rectum.

"O, you're so deep," I muttered as he stroked slowly in and out. He had seven or eight inches inside my virgin ass.

"It's starting to feel good isn't it," he inquired.

"Uh-huh'" was all I could moan out.

As my new friend slowly fucked me with his big cock, my ass met his strokes. 

Suddenly he held me and slowly urged his long cock straining for more penetration. 

I felt my bowel give way and his entire huge cock buried to the balls against my ass cheeks. 

"Uuuhh, ooooo, mmmm," I moaned out. But not in pain it was so good. I rocked up on my tip toes and back down but his entire nine inch cock was securely lodged up my virgin ass. 

He rubbed my nipples through my t-shirt then reached underneath and pinched my nipples and pulled on them and he stroked my cum oozing cock. It was the beginning of a blissful journey of orgasmic delight. 

I could feel my prostate pulsing and my colon spasming and milking his cock. We stood there for what seemed a long time. My butt rubbing his pelvis with my rectum totally stuffed with his long cock.

"Oooo that is delicious," he said in my ear. "You like it now," he stated.

"Yes, I like it," I moaned out.

"You ready for me to fuck you now," he asked.

"O yes I'm umpf ready," I replied. But before I could finish the sentence, he pulled half his cock out and rammed it back in my rectum.

I let out a loud oomph and breath. It hurt a little but I was powerless to stop the onslaught of battering my innards with his hard cock.

His left hand reached around and grasped and squeezed my cock that was oozing pre cumm.

He began pounding my ass. The fucking and slapping of my butt against his pelvis lasted four or five minutes. 

I was about ready to explode when he let go of my cock and reached up to find my nipples. He pinched them both real hard.

The feeling of his hard cock in my ass, my ass pumping back and forth on his cock and him pinching my nipples put me in orbit. 

The nipple torture and my ass pumping against his hard cock lasted about three more minutes. 

He grabbed my hips and started pounding my ass--slap, slap, slap--over and over--pulling almost all the way out and re-entering deep in my rectum. The pounding lasted less than a minute and my cock launched into orbit.

"O' God, I'm cumming," I cried out in a loud voice. Spurt, spurt, spurt, spurt ejected from my cock hitting the wall in front of me until there was no more cum left and yet my cock still spasmed even though dry. 

I began to want him to stop when after 20 or more strokes of hard pounding inside me with my cock dry spurting continued when he started to grunt and I could feel him cum deep inside me. 

He pushed all the way as deep as possible and I could feel his warm cum squirting and filling my bowels. 

We just stood there for several minutes with his hard cock still buried deep in my ass and my cock still hard and my nuts sore from spurting so much. I could feel my ass spasm trying to push his tool from my now aching rectum.

I caught my breath and exclaimed: "Oh my God, that was so dam good," I said.

Part Two next week.