 Once I was out of bed and had a couple of minutes for my head to clear, I was able to think a little bit. I realized that except for letting Thad continue touching me a few minutes longer than I should of, I hadn't done anything wrong. He had shown me something I didn't know, men's nipples can be sensitive too. Big deal! Yes he has a huge cock and I had checked it out, but it's not something you see every day, and most people with a pulse would have to look at it, kind of like a car wreck. You don't want to, but you just have to.

My other consoling thought is that there were at least two hot chicks in my dream and that was as good of a reason as any to wake up with a boner. Hell not like there had probably been one time in the last six or eight years when I hadn't woke with a boner. Once I thought all of that through I was feeling much better and my cock had softened quite a bit, I realized I needed to piss. I hoped once I did I could fall back into bed and get some decent sleep.

I walked to my bathroom pulled down the front of my briefs and flopped out my semi-hard cock. I almost immediately started pissing, it was a big load. I was standing there scratching my belly and slid my hand up to my chest. In the cool early morning air, my nipples were kind of hard. I thought what the hell and ran my fingertips over one, and it immediately hardened and felt good. That made me feel better too, as I was able to tell myself, "Okay, it feels good when I do it too, not just when "a guy" did it to me!" I tumbled into bed after the piss and fell asleep almost immediately.

I was up early again, as my pool time was for the first session again. I didn't bother with a shower as I wasn't dirty and would be in the pool in under thirty minutes. I pulled on a speedo and my sweats grabbed some water and a couple of protein bars and drove to the pool of the day.

I had a great swim and talked to a few of the other guys. I really felt the need to make some friends in this town and was trying to be a little more outgoing than usual, since swimming at different pools and different times it was almost always different people.

Three days later I received a phone message that my swim time the next morning had been canceled because that pool had been drained and was refilling and they didn't think it would be ready for the early morning session, and there weren't any openings for any of the later sessions.

Damn, I hated missing a day, and text back asking for a session for one of my off days. I didn't receive a message until early the next morning. The pool was full and ready but warned that the temperature would be very cold. I decided what the hell, I didn't care if it was cold I didn't want to miss a day. So I got ready and drove to the pool. The weather was cool, and the sky was cloudy and overcast. There was no chance of the sun doing any warming of the water today, and I knew it would take the better part of a week to warm a pool this size.

The lot was practically deserted. There were only two cars there. I laughed to myself and thought "What a bunch of pussies!" I walked into the locker room and stripped to my speedo. I walked out to the pool, and one guy was sitting on the side and one other guy was finishing a lap and getting out. We introduced ourselves one was Michael and the guy sitting on the edge was Troy. Troy said, "Dude, it is wicked cold, I don't think you want to get in there, I got a cramp and had to get out, my buddy here is finished too!"

I laughed and said, "Well I'm from quite a bit north of here, we're used to cold water up there, I think I'll be alright."

"Suit yourself." The guy getting out of the pool said "it is fucking cold!"

He said, "We'll stay until someone else comes or you're finished, you know we all signed an agreement, not to leave a pool unattended or swim alone, so go ahead, let's see what you think."

I did a few stretches and then dove in. I felt kind of bad that they had to stay because I wanted to swim, but we all had to sign an agreement to be able to get to use the pools. The city was low on funds for this program and couldn't afford to have a full-time staff for all five pools. So part of the deal of getting to use the pools was that we all had to be certified and pull some lifeguard duty when the pools were open to the general public. There were so many competitive swimmers in this town that no one had to pull more than two or three shifts a month. But like he said, we all had to agree to lifeguard for each other, or the city couldn't afford to have the pools open for competitive swim practice.

I had to admit it was fucking cold, the pool felt as if it had been filled with spring water. But like I said, I was used to cold water and started doing my laps. They were both pretty amazed and sat on the edge talking and watching me. I took a break and was talking to the guys about getting on the school swimming team. They told me that since there were so many swimmers in and around this small town that even getting a tryout was difficult. Then I saw someone out of the corner of my eye come out of the locker room, and dammit all, here came Thad.

The guys followed my gaze and Troy said, if there is anyone who can help you get a tryout, there he is. Thad's uncle is the assistant coach for the swimming team! The guys wished me luck with the tryouts and went to the locker room to get changed.

Thad and I were swimming our laps and Michael came out and signaled for us to stop. He said that he had received a call from the swim rotation manager he said, it was going to rain and for Michael to put the closed sign on the door, and turn the lock so that it locked after him. He said to let us know that we had to be out of the pool the minute it started raining, and since Thad was there he would allow us to stay until then.

Thad told me that Tom, the guy who was in charge of the pools and the competitive swim practice rotation was a good friend of his uncle and his dad, so he let Thad kind of run the place when he couldn't around.

I told Thad that I wanted to get in as many laps as I could before it started raining. He said he had to piss and would be back in a few. I got in several more laps before he returned. I stopped for a break as Thad dove in. He came right up behind me and grazed his hands up my belly to my chest as I was coming up out of the water. He said, "See you don't have to be pissing to have your nipples stimulated it feels good when they are hard from the cold water too!"

My first instinct was to turn around and punch Thad and to tell him to leave me the fuck alone. But then I remembered his uncle was the assistant swim team coach and knew I didn't want to piss Thad off, so I stood there for a minute and let him tease my nipples. I knew it was gay, and that bothered me, but Thad swore he wasn't gay, he just enjoyed the touching. Thad moved in close to me and again I felt that large lump of cock flesh press against my butt. I really wanted to move away, and not encourage him, but again, I didn't want to piss him off!

The other thing was is that it 'did' feel good! The warmth of his body in the cold water and the sensations in my nipples seemed to be vibrating down my body right to my cock! I could feel his warm breath against my ear as he cooed "Relax Sam, I only want to make you feel good."

His mouth remained near my ear, as one hand continued to tease my nipple while the other stroked up and down my tight hard belly. My cock continued to swell and so did his and he kind of started humping against my butt. With all the sensations going on, I finally kind of relaxed into him as I did the last time and let Thad do as he wished. I kept telling myself this was to help me get on the Swim Team.

When I relaxed I let my head fall back and Thad's warm breath traveled to my neck. Fuck that felt great, at about the same time his warm hand slid farther down my belly and then down over my hard cock. I really hadn't wanted him to know that what he was doing made me hard, but now it was too late.

Thad's attention to my hot horny body was taking its effect. My cock ached for release, as I hadn't touched it in weeks. One of my first coach's had said to direct that energy toward swimming and I had practiced that as much as I could. He told a whole group of us that leaving our boy toys as he called them alone would keep us sharp and focuses.

Thad's mouth and breath were moving up and down from my ear to my shoulder and causing all kinds of erotic and confusing feelings. His other hand teasing my nipples and stroking my belly were also becoming very erotic and I felt myself moving back to respond to Thad's huge cock lump pressing against my butt. The contrast between the cold water and Thad's warm body had me in a sexual frenzy I hadn't experienced in a long time and now I was aching for release.

I told myself that there was nothing wrong with what was happening, and I was going to relax into it as much as I could. I wanted Thad to like me and I was feeling erotic sensations that I had never experienced, I took a long slow deep breath and as I exhaled I allowed myself to relax more against Thad's touches and attention. I was turning my head toward Thad to tell him that it did feel great, as his hand was slowly sliding into my speedo. He face was next to mine and his lips brushed against mine. But next exactly in a kiss. I don't think he was expecting my movement.

Just then the sky rumbled, and then actually thundered. That brought me back to reality and gave me a reason to break away. I said, "Come on Thad we need to get our laps in before this storm hits!" He smiled and said, "Come on then let's race and really get in a good work out!"

With that, he turned and jumped out of the pool. He was turned back around looking at me. My eyes traveled up his muscular legs to his pale yellow speedo the size of his bulge was enormous and the way his cock stretched it out made it semi-transparent. When I hoisted myself out and stood up, I glanced at his bulge again, it was so big it was pulling the waistband away from his tight belly.

We positioned ourselves within the lane markers on the bottom of the pool. I looked down and saw the bulge the in my speedos and wondered how much drag that would cause, as I had never had to swim with a hard-on before.

Thad smiled at me and said, "Okay on three!"

Just then the sky rumbled again, and Thad counted off. We dove in and both did our best to beat the other. I was really having to concentrate now. I could feel my boner in my speedos, the dream I had about Thad flashed through my mind. I looked to my right and saw him pulling away from me.

The sky rumbled again! Since we had agreed on three laps we were both putting our all into it. I knew my chances of beating Thad were slim, but I at least wanted to give a good show and I really dug in and went for it.

By the second lap, I had pulled back to neck and neck and it started to drizzle. I knew there wouldn't be any other chances today. Thad and I had never raced in a sprint. I knew he was stronger than me in the long run, but decided to throw everything into it, as I wouldn't have to swim against him again today. I kept picturing in my mind the scene from my dream where Thad was sitting on the edge of the pool with a boner waiting for me. I had seen his boner before we started and realized that except for the hot chicks in bikinis and the guys cheering me on to deep throat him, part of the dream wasn't too far-fetched!

When I hit the end of the pool to turn for our third lap, I made the turn about a split second before Thad and pushed off so hard, it almost gave me a leg cramp in the cold water. I push on, I knew I shouldn't be something in me made me need to.

I had propelled past Thad and was really into it. I could also feel my left leg spasm with almost every stroke, I knew I had to finish this fast as I was about to go into a full-blown cramp. I glanced over at the last turn and saw that I had gain about a half of body length on Thad. I knew it was wrong but I seemed to have the need to do it, and when I turned, I almost crunched into a ball and pushed off with all of my might!

Three hard kicks and then it happened. I got the full blown charley horse that I knew was coming! I was almost paralyzed! We were of course at the deep end of the pool. Thad pulled ahead of me a couple of body lengths and since we were both watching each other closely he knew something had happened when he pulled ahead of me.

Being the nice guy Thad is he came right over to help me. I mean I'm a great swimmer and could have gotten myself to the shallow end and out of the pool, but this was the worst cramp I'd ever had. He immediately put his arms around me and helped me to the shallow end.

It was raining hard now, but the cold rain wasn't any different than the temperature of the water in the pool. Thad was caring and held me as we made our way to the steps. A bolt of lightning shot across the sky followed by a loud clap of thunder. "Come on, we have to get out of here before we get fried!"

His warm body was holding me as I limped to the locker room. I realized now that it wasn't sexual, I really, really enjoyed the feeling of him against me!