 Nothing previously in my life had prepared me for the things that were happening with Thad. Nothing had prepared me for the feelings I started having. I was amazed at how sweet, gentle and concerned he suddenly became. He was totally competitive while we were swimming and totally sexual at other times, but when he knew I was in pain everything changed.

By the time we got into the locker room, the storm was howling. He shut the door and helped me to a bench. I was in excruciating pain and couldn't straighten my leg for anything. It was high up in my quad and hamstring and I was afraid I'd pulled something.

As soon as I was on the bench Thad immediately sprang into action. He was helping me stretch my leg and working the muscles. He told me to take deep breaths and try to relax and calm down. I was amazed at his knowledge and skill in helping me. When I commented on it, he told me that he was either going to go into sports medicine or sports physical therapy. He said he had spent the last year in junior training and massage.

It made me feel better, that at least to some extent he knew what he was doing. When the spasms subsided he asked if I thought I could stand and walk. I told him that I thought I could, and he said, "Good, let's get you back to the sauna for some dry heat!"

"Sauna, what sauna, I didn't know this place had a sauna!"

"Sure, there's a sauna, whirlpool, massage rooms, private showers, and the remnants of a cocktail lounge!"

"Thad, what the hell are you talking about?"

Thad told me the long story about how the city pools had a hard time handling the crowds and there was never enough time for the competitive swimmers to be able to practice. So some of the hot shots in town had this place built as a private swim club. He said that the membership fees were high and that it was fairly exclusive, but his father had been one of the charter members. When the economy fell, so did the club. The city took it over, but they couldn't afford to run the luxury parts of it. So some of the members, his father included had made a deal with the city to let them lease back the luxury part and they all kicked in money every month for the operation of everything except the cocktail lounge.

Thad helped me hobble through the locker room, when we got to a door I had noticed but had never paid much attention to, he just swung it open. It was one of the nicest locker rooms I'd ever seen in my life. He led me to the left and down a small corridor to the sauna. It was fucking gorgeous! I stopped Thad and said, "Hey before we go in there I need to piss."

Yes, I knew what I was getting myself into, but now, seeing this side of Thad had changed some things for me. I also couldn't keep my mind off of the things that had happened with him and wondered how hot it would be this time since we'd been in that freezing water, I don't know when my nipples had ever been this hard!

We turned around and headed to the urinals in the luxury part of the swim club. I didn't hesitate and pulled out my now tiny cock and started pissing. Thad didn't miss a beat and his fingertips when right to my rigid nipples. It was totally amazing. My piss was flowing and his fingers were doing magic to my body. I hesitated for a moment and then just leaned back against his warm, firm, smooth body, closed my eyes and absorbed all the pleasure that was pulsing through my body.

Thad's hot breath was on my neck, which sent more shivers up and down my spine and made my cock surge into hardness! He whispered in my ear, "Sam, you are great, I am so glad that I met you!"

I didn't know what to say, and just whispered, "You're great too Thad, I'm glad you were here today, the way you helped me was amazing!"

Thad's lips touched my neck and then his hands traveled down my chest and my belly stroking me very sensually, then back up to my nipples and he took them between his thumbs and forefingers and massaged and rolled them, and I let out a soft moan. The things this guy was doing to me were all foreign to me, but I had to admit, I had never felt such pleasure. His lips went to my ear for a nibble and then back down to my neck, he was actually kissing my neck, as one hand continued to roll, massage and pull my hard nipple, the other slid down my tight belly, tosselled my thick bush and then wrapped around my throbbing cock and slowly stroked me as the last squirts of piss left my bladder.

I really moaned then. His lips and his hands were taking me places I'd never dreamed of going and I felt lost in a haze. When I finished pissing, he shook my cock, to get the last drops off and released my cock, and body and then said, "I need to piss too Sam."

He stepped to the urinal next to me and I watched as he pulled down the front of his suit and flopped out his big cock. Well, I didn't actually see it, but I knew that was what he was doing. He didn't say anything except for a slight moan when his piss started flowing. I knew what he wanted me to do, and some part of me wanted to do it too, but I was afraid.

I heard Thad's piss stream hit the bowl. I knew I was going to do it, I wanted to give this guy some of the pleasure he had given me. I didn't know if I would be as good as him, but I wanted to try. I was literally shaking as I stepped behind him, and reached my hands around to his chest. I found his steely nipples and grazed them with my fingers as he had done mine.

I was amazed at how great it felt to touch this guy. Soon he signed and then leaned back against me and my cock pressed against his tight firm butt! Thad leaned back and said, "Oh Sam that feels so fucking good! I know you're new to this, but do whatever you want, I'm totally open!"

I continued playing with his nipples and heard his breathing change, I could still hear his piss hitting the urinal. I wanted to explore but was afraid. He moved his body and my hard cock slipped between his firm fuzzy thighs, now I groaned and so did he! "That feels awesome dude!"

I did what he had done to me and slid my hand down his six-pack, I had to admit I liked the feeling of it, and he had given me a lot of pleasure when he did it to me, so I slid up and down a few times. Then I went back to his nipples and rolled them between my fingers as he had done to mine. That caused another moan, and he squeezed my cock with his thighs.

My chin was on his shoulder, and I started my hand down his belly again, I breathed into his ear, "I'm scared, Thad." He whispered back, "It's okay Sam, I'm loving what you're doing, you don't have to do anything that you don't want to."

My cock between his thighs was surging and throbbing, I knew it was leaking, I hadn't cum in over two weeks. My fingers felt as if they were touching something full of electricity, and his ragged breathing was music to my ears. I realized had he urged me on, I probably would have backed off, but now I felt kind of challenged to overcome my fear and I slowly slid my right hand down his belly and felt his closely trimmed bush. I knew where my hand was and how close it was to touching the first cock besides mine, ever in my life! I had never had the urge to do this, but it was growing stronger by the second.

Just another inch or so, I was going to come into contact with Thad's huge cock. I closed my eyes and slid farther down. My little finger touched his hardness. I went farther and then slowly tried to wrap my hand wound its girth. My fingers wouldn't touch, but I squeezed them together. That made Thad moan loudly and he threw his head back. He turned his face to look at me and said, "That feels amazing Sam!"

Our lips were millimeters away! Thad smelled of chlorine and mint. I traveled the minuscule distance and brushed my lips against his. It was as if I were in his trance! That was as far as I could go with the kiss, but it made my cock surge again, and I felt the wetness between his thighs.

I stroked to the end of his cock and couldn't believe how far my hand traveled. He moaned loud again, I could still feel the piss surging out of his cock, and slowly stroked him and he moaned and breathed harshly.

Thad leaned his head back to me again, and I brushed his lips again. He smiled at me and said, "Stud I hate to say this, but if you don't stop right now, I'm going to shoot, and I'm not ready for that yet!"

I stopped stroking and hesitantly let go of his massive meat. I backed up and slowly slid my cock from between his now wet and slick thighs. Even though I had just had my hand around it I looked in amazement as Thad turned and exposed his fully hard massive cock to me. It was hard for me to raise my eyes to his as I was embarrassed about what we had just done, but his kind eyes and broad smile put me at ease. "That was awesome stud!"

I almost couldn't tear my eyes from the lips I had just kissed, but he finally said, "Come on we need to get you to the sauna, we don't want those spasms to return!"

He led me to the sauna, and I laughed out loud. Thad asked me what was so funny and I said, "We are both walking down this hall with our hard cocks leading the way."

He laughed too, and said, "Yeah, this thing kind of has a mind of its own, and I end up following it way too much!"

We were both laughing as we stepped into the sauna, like the rest of the club it was gorgeous. Everything was first class. Thad suggested that I get up on one of the upper benches, because it was warmer and better for my leg, and he got on the one below me. We had towels and stretched out and the heat felt amazing!

We laid there and enjoyed the heat, I was lying on my back and so was Thad. I leaned over to check him out and was amazed. Both of our erections had subsided, but his was hanging down and almost touching the bench. He looked up at me and asked if my leg was feeling better, I told him it was and he said, it was probably time to do some stretches.

He got up and held my leg at the ankle and the knee, and then started stretching it up toward my chest. He was very gentle and seemed to know exactly what to do, it felt great. He did both legs and then told me to lay on my stomach for a while. I did as he said, and almost drifted off the sleep because of the stress and the hard swimming.

I was sweating like a farm animal and suddenly felt the touch of Thad's entire body on top of me. I had to admit it felt great. With all the sweating, our bodies slid against each other and kind of melded. My cock went hard beneath me almost immediately and I felt his firming up against the crack of my butt!

Thad had to raise up and let his cock swing up instead of down, now as he was sliding up and down his huge cock was sliding up and down my butt crack. I had to admit, it was very strange, but felt very good. On one slid his cock head pressed into my hole and I jumped. He apologized and I said, maybe we should get out.

He told me I needed more heat before he gave me a massage, then said, "Don't worry Sam, I promise I'm not going to try to fuck you, that was an accident, but from my studies I've learned that there are actually more never endings in your rectum than there are in the head of your cock, that's why it's so sensitive. There is a lot of pleasure to be had in that area, I promise I won't try to go inside of you, but just enjoy the feeling as I slide around on you!"

That made me feel a little bit better, but fucking wasn't on my menu. Hell none of this was, and the only time I had even thought about guys fucking was what I'd heard happened to guys in prison, and I didn't want anything to do with prison or getting fucked!