 It was the spring of the year that I turned eighteen when my father changed jobs and I moved with my family to a different town. I wouldn't have minded the move so much, but I was into swimming. I had been swimming since I was eight, and it was my life.

Swimming was big in this town too, but the town was not equipped like the one we moved from. So in order to swim every day, I had to work a rotating schedule through five different pools. I had a monthly schedule I kept in my car as I couldn't keep track of where to go next.

One day the only period free for me to swim was early morning. I kind of liked it because it was quiet and cool. I swam for about 30 minutes and realized that I needed to piss. I had been kind of racing with a guy named Thad. Nice guy and he rotated pools too, so we ran into each other once or twice a week. He was is as dedicated as I am, and it was hard not to notice his great body. I'm not attracted to guys, but something about Thad made me notice him.

He has the true swimmer's body including an awesome six-pack. His extra long arms and legs made him difficult keep up with much less beat. One day after a couple of close heats, he was squatting on the edge of the pool teasing me about whipping me again and I said, "Well you not only have long arms and legs to give you an advantage, your feet are like flippers, what are you a size thirteen shoe" He laughed and said, "Fourteen!" I hadn't paid much attention before, but it was hard not to look at when his crotch was at eye level, this guy's equipment made a huge bulge in his speedos.

So anyway on the cool early morning we met up I told him I needed to piss and would be back quick. I noticed some goosebumps when I got out of the water and scurried to the john in the changing room. I was standing there kind of shivering getting my piss stream started when I felt and heard someone step up behind me. I started to turn and see what was up, when I heard Thad say, "Don't move, don't stop pissing, just enjoy the feeling."

I had no idea what was going to happen until his big hands came around my chest and suddenly his fingertips grazed my steely nipples. The cool morning and the water evaporating off of me had my nipples as hard as they had ever been, and I have to admit that his fingertips gave me an exciting feeling. I was kind of overwhelmed from the sensation Thad caused in my nipples as I released a big load of built up piss, I kind of leaned back against him.

He whispered for me to just relax and enjoy the feeling and even though I didn't mean to when I relaxed I kind of leaned back against him, and he pushed himself forward against me. The feeling of his soft warm skin and hard muscles against me was erotic and the heat of his body warmed me from my shoulders to my knees where our bodies were pressed together. Then there was that huge lump in his crotch pressed hard against my butt!

I realized I was getting hard too and then I wanted him to stop. This was 'way' too weird and 'way' too gay for me! I started to say something and he again told me to relax and just enjoy the feelings! I let myself do in and in seconds I was pissing through a totally boned cock!

Thad slowly slid one of his hands up and down my tight belly and complimented me on my abs. He went back up and teased my nipples some more, and I thought he was finished, but he slid down again and just as I was finishing pissing, he wrapped his now warm hand around my throbbing cock and squeezed.

That made me jump, and I said, "Uhm, Thad, I'm not gay..."

He stopped me and said, "Me neither, but I know things that feel really great like having your nipples teased when it's cold and your pissing!"

I was all flustered and nervous as nothing like this had ever happened to me before. I mean I'd seen a couple of guys check me out in the locker room and assumed that some of them might be gay, but I kind of checked out the competition from time to time too, not in a sexual way, more of an athletic way.

I told Thad I had a lot more laps to swim, and he moved away from me. He responded that he did too and took the urinal when I stepped away, all he said was, "I'll be back out there in a minute to kick your ass some more!"

When Thad returned he acted like nothing had happened, everything was totally normal, except that his bulge in the front of his speedos was a lot bigger than usual, but he didn't seem to care if anyone noticed. We swam out our laps and he beat me in a couple of more heats and then our time was up, and had to leave the pool for the next group who were scheduled. We pretty much had the locker room to ourselves as most of he other guys got out a few minutes earlier, and all the guys who had the next shift were out at the pool ready to go.

It was inevitable that we ended up in the showers together, and a big gang shower was the only choice at this pool. I went to the shower in my speedo to try to beat Thad there so I could position myself away from him. It didn't do any good as when he stepped into the shower naked with is big cock flopping and dangling he came over and took the nozzle right next to me. I know I must have had a shocked look on my face when I saw his cock, it was at least five inches totally soft and flopping around. If the cool water affected Thad's cock like it did mine, without the cold water, he must normally have at least a seven or eight inch hang!

Thad shook his cock at me and said, "It's a real whopper isn't it!"

I know I blushed that he had caught me looking at it and the only thing I could think of to say was, "Oh what, I uhm, hadn't really noticed, yeah nice one!"

Thad laughed and said, "Come on Sam, I've seen the look on your face before, it always happens when guys see what I'm packing, it's either a blessing or a curse, however you look at it."

This conversation was making me very uncomfortable, but I felt if I showed that it did, it would make me look gay or something and that wasn't the case and I didn't want it to appear as so. "Curse, what do you mean curse?"

"Well dude, have you ever had a girl deep throat your cock?"

Of course I lied and said, "Sure, a few times!"

"Well you're lucky then my friend because several have tried, but no chick has ever been able to take it all. Most of them can only take about half."

"It sounds to me that you might be the lucky one, having a lot of chicks try to take it, even if it's never happened."

"Oh don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's never happened, it just hasn't happened with a chick."

Well I didn't know how to answer that, so I just got busy soaping up and washing off the chlorine. Thinking along the lines of blowjobs was not a good thing in the shower as I felt my cock start to rise, and I didn't want that to happen. I didn't care so much if Thad saw it, as hell he'd already had his hand wrapped around it, but no telling who could just come walking in.

While I was soaping, I bent down to wash my feet and couldn't help but glance over to Thad and see that his cock had taken on a life of its own and was longer, thicker and now starting to arch out from his body. When I glanced up, I wasn't certain that he wasn't looking at my butt!

That was all I needed for me to decide it was time to end my shower and get the hell out of there! I rinsed quickly and shut off the water, I made certain to turn away from Thad to get my towel off the hook. I couldn't get it wrapped around me quickly enough! Thad said, "Wow Sam that was quick!"

I lied that I needed to get to work, and almost ran to my locker. Thad got there before I was dressed and dropped his towel as I was bending to put on my briefs. That put his cock almost in my face, and it was definitely getting hard now! To say it was a monster was an understatement. I looked up at Thad and he just had a big smile on his face.

I pulled on the rest of my clothes and was getting ready to leave and Thad said, "Hey Sam we should meet up sometime away from the pool, I think we could have a good time!"

I was heading out quickly and said, "Sure Thad, but between swimming and work, I'm pretty tied up, I've got to get to work."

"Okay, no rush, we'll talk the next time we swim together!"

I was out the door and almost panting. I was scared and didn't like it, but I had to admit I was somewhat excited. I didn't know if it was the attention, as I hadn't started dating anyone since moving, or if it was just the hugeness of Thad's cock, and his devil may care attitude about it. He seemed to like to show it off, and sure didn't mind getting awfully touchy feely with me.

That night I had a dream, Thad and I were at the pool, it wasn't one I recognized, but we were in a racing heat. I was going as hard and as fast as I could and I could see him pull ahead of me with ease. We raced six laps and before it was over he was way ahead of me. When I got to the last lap, Thad was sitting on the edge of the pool naked, with his big hard cock reaching almost to his chest, he smiled at me and said, "I won, you have to deep throat my cock!"

There were hot girls in sexy bikinis on either side of him, and a group of guys in speedos cheering, "Deep throat, deep throat!" One of the girls looked at me and said, "I couldn't do it but I'll bet you can!"

I was never so happy to wake from a dream in my life! I had to get out of bed to shake it off, and realized my seven and a half inch cock was making a tent in my tighty whities. Fuck, what was wrong with me?

Continued...