 Disclaimer: This story will contain sex between two men. Don't read if you shouldn't or don't enjoy this type of thing. The Internet is vast, there should be something out there for you to enjoy. This story is fiction, all characters are over 18 and any resemblance is purely coincidental. That being said, the story is also quite vanilla, one of my guilty pleasures. I hope you enjoy.

~~~ 

"Crazy how fast the year went by, isn't it?" Michael looked over at me as he finished taping up one of the last boxes scattered around the room. I couldn't believe that less than a year ago, I was a cheery-eyed freshman moving away from home and now it was already time to leave. 

"Yeah." Was all I could say as I watched him stack up his boxes in preparation for move-out day tomorrow. This was it. I took a deep breath as I steeled myself for what was coming next. You see, I've had a huge crush on my roommate since I met him. When I first moved in, I was shocked by how handsome he was. He was tall, charming and had a smile that would light up any room he was in. 

Throughout the year, we didn't hang out too much outside of our dorm, mainly because he was an Engineering major and I was in the Business school. He had his friends and I had mine. However, we had shared the same room and that counted for something. We both shared a lot of coffee as we diligently focused on our studies and even shared some of our hobbies with each other. I had taught him some basic Frisbee skills in the field next to the dorm, and he was enthusiastic about sharing his love of football. While I wasn't particularly a big fan of the sport, it was fun to watch him get super excited every Sunday night in front of our TV. He would always tap his foot on the hardwood floor incessantly if the scores were close and would jump up whenever his favorite team scored. 

Despite the time we spent in close proximity, I was still careful with my secret. I hadn't told anyone other than my closest friends about my sexuality, and I didn't want to bring it up if I didn't need to. While Michael had a gentle and kind demeanor, our school was in a conservative state and the topic of sexuality had never come up in our conversations. He hadn't brought any girls back to our dorm overnight, but I still assumed that he was straight and didn't want to pry. It was a shame though as I only grew more and more attracted to him throughout the year. 

We were both the same height, but he had a more trim physique. He had been determined not gain the infamous freshman fifteen. Not only had he achieved that goal, but the regular gym sessions had given him some more definition than he had at the beginning of the year. It was hard not to notice the changes as I saw him every day. The tank tops he wore around the room showed off his broad shoulders and his athletic shorts hugged his smooth ass as he walked. Throughout the year, I was even able to catch glimpses of the bulge in his underwear as he changed, although I forced myself to look away for the fear of getting found out. It wasn't long before he had become the center of my fantasies. While I was careful keeping my late night jerk-offs secret, the fact that the subject I was thinking about was less than 10 feet away made it even hotter. 

It was because of my growing infatuation that I made sure to keep him at arms reach. When invited to accompany him to the gym, I always turned him down. As much as I wanted to watch him work out and see his muscles in action, the thought of being caught staring kept me away. However, over the last few weeks, I had steeled myself because I knew this would all change. 

"Hey, can I tell you something?" I asked, taking a gulp as my voice came out hoarse and cracked. 

"Yeah, sure. What is it?" He set down the last of his boxes and made his way over to my side of the room. 

The butterflies in my stomach made me want to throw up and my legs felt like they would crumble at any moment as he got close. 

It was now or never. I had been talking myself into it and knew that if I didn't do this, I would definitely regret it. 

"Promise you won't get too mad, OK?" 

He cocked an eyebrow as I nervously asked him the question.

"What's wrong? Did something happen?"

"No, well, kinda, actually no, but," I began stammering as his expression grew more concerned.

Fuck it. 

"The truth is, I really find you attractive and think that I would kill myself if I didn't do this." With that, I took the small step to close the gap between us and gave him a kiss. It was short and I stepped back almost immediately, but the slightly warm sensation seemed to linger on my lips.

I had my head down ready to face the aftermath, but my eyes drifted up to look at his expression.

He was frozen, his mouth slightly open and eyes wide in shock.

"I'm so sorry," I began as I started to backpedal further. 

It seemed to snap him out of his daze, but the look of uncertainty still remained. 

"No... I'm confused... surprised... its... weird? No I don't mean to say you're weird, but," he began to stammer."I don't think I'm gay?"

I sighed, "I'm sorry I did something you don't like. I hope I didn't disgust you." I began to turn around, embarrassed about the whole ordeal. What did I expect was going to happen?

"No. You didn't," He began, "I not disgusted, but I don't know if I... I've never tried."

My head snapped around at his words and I closed the distance between us. 

"Want to try once?" 

I saw his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed. He was still frozen, but his head began taking an apprehensive nod. 

Good enough.

I lunged in, this time with my head turned and kissed him once again. His lips were soft and warm and I could feel tiny bits of stubble as my face made contact with his, something I hadn't felt from the quick peck earlier. This kiss lasted far longer, an eternity it felt like, but I knew it was only a few short seconds.

Once again, I was the one to pull away and take a look at his face. 

"Was that terrible?"

I could hear his breaths quicken and heard a soft whisper, "not really."

With a slight smile and much more confidence, I went in for the third time. This one was different. As my mouth touched his, I kissed him with no trepidation. After a second of pause, I could feel his mouth move slightly for the first time. He had, in the slightest way, give me more permission as he opened up and let me in. My tongue moved and our kiss grew deeper, his contact feeding into the lust I had. I knew I was being aggressive as my body pressed against his, but didn't worry about rejection as I felt one of his arms wrap around my waist for stability. 

After a few seconds, the kiss broke, but I was still in his arms. While he took a minute to catch his breath, I chose to dive right back in. First kissing the side of his face, then down his chin and finally trailing my way down to his neck as he raised his head in acceptance. Taking a quick break, I could both hear and feel his heart beating faster and faster. With my face still buried in his neck, I took a second to take in the moment. The intoxicating aroma of his cologne and skin filled my nostrils. The scent that I typically only caught whiffs of as he walked by was flooding my senses. 

It was only in this moment that I realized how close we were. I wasn't sure if he had noticed himself, but he had his arms around me and my body was fully pressed up against his. His chest was up against mine and from my leg, I could feel the bulge in his sweatpants begin to harden. It was time to let my dreams run free. My mouth approached his once again, using the following kiss to keep him distracted as I made my move to what I was really after. My right hand snaked in between our bodies and made it into the waistband of his briefs. Without hesitation, I pushed them down along with his sweatpants in a single motion.

"Woah," he began as he realized what was happening. "Isn't this going a little fast? I'm not sure if.. OHHHH," That train of though flew out of his head as I kneeled down and took his semi-hard shaft in my mouth. I couldn't believe what was happening. There I was, my face in the groin of the man I had lusted after for so long. While I had spent countless hours imagining what his cock looked like, I was now sucking on it like my life depended on it. It was beautiful. His member was long and thick to the point where it barely fit in my mouth, but my efforts were urged on by his moans of pleasure. I could barely get my hand around it and the shaft only grew longer with every motion.

It didn't take long for it to become fully erect and as hard as a rock. It was slick to the touch and I could taste the thick and salty precum that was leaking from his mushroom head. I felt Michael stiffen and knew I needed to slow down before he blew his load. I had different plans for where his seed would go. Without changing any motion as I hungrily devoured his cock as if my life depended on it, I refocused my eyes from his member to his face. His brows were furrowed in concentration, sweat pouring from his forehead. His heavy breathing and position with his arms behind his head resembled that of an athlete who had just been forced to run sprints. 

I took this time to turn his body and push him backwards. He was too preoccupied to question my guidance, but lost his balance as his sweatpants were still around his ankles. There was a moment of panic as he tripped and fell, but it didn't last long as he realized that I had positioned for him to tumble backwards onto the awaiting bed. His body beckoned me in as he relaxed on the sheets, a funny sight as his member was glistening at full mast pointing straight at the ceiling. I quickly peeled off my shirt and kicked off my shorts, my own cock springing free from its confines. Climbing onto the bed, I straddled his legs between my thighs, our cocks touching as I looked down at the wonderful sight before me. 

His whole body was displayed for me to admire. My hands first roamed along his large arms, gliding across his smooth skin and feeling the iron muscles underneath. I tugged upwards at his shirt and he raised his arms as we worked together to get it off, revealing the flawless skin of his bare chest and broad shoulders. With one hand, I continued to hold both his wrists above his body as I looked down at his face. His dark chocolate eyes stared back at mine and all I could do was smile back as I landed another deep kiss on his lips. It didn't last long as my free hand trailed along the rest of his body. The soft sensation of a light dusting of hair on his large pecs, the warmth from his chest as my hands traversed across to his small and pert nipples only furthered my own arousal. I gave one a small squeeze and the resulting uncharacteristic squeal he gave led to a shiver of excitement. Although it roused me to find out about one of his sensitivities, my fingers continued to dance southward. Following the growing density of hair, my fingers wandered across his abs. I could feel his every breath as my fingers counted every ridge of his six pack. I could feel the power of his body as I gently poked the soft area on his side. His instinctive spasm as a reaction of my prodding almost threw me off as I prodded his delicate skin. 

As I continued down, tracing the outlined v at the bottom of his abs, I passed over his shaft and found myself caressing his balls with my palm. Slightly warmer than the rest of his body, I massaged them in my hand and felt them contract as I rolled them around. They were each the size of small limes and a quick and gentle squeeze led to a small spurt of cum to flow out his shaft. Releasing my hold on him, I sat back up as I began to move on to the next phase. Getting up on my knees, I scraped up some of the milky fluid from his shaft. After adding some spit of my own I began to gently play with my hole, urging it to open in order to fit his cock. It seemed like my body was as excited as I was as it didn't take too long for me to fit a couple fingers in my ass. While stabilizing his member with one hand, I began to lower myself down onto his awaiting shaft. 

While I had opened up a bit, Michael's mushroom head was still quite formidable and it took a little while before he was able to break through. During the whole time however, I made sure to keep contact with his eyes. As I felt the head finally pop in when my sphincter gave way, I was able to see the reaction on Michael's face. His eyes bulged out and there was an audible exhale as it someone had punched him in the stomach. I began the process of slowly impaling myself on his cock. With each upward and downward stroke, I watched as Michael's face once again furrow in concentration his chest heaving beneath me. Bobbing up and down, I allowed gravity to help me as I sought to accept more and more of his seemingly endless member inside me. 

After a few moments, I had his full length inside me, filling me more than I ever imagined. His shaft pulsed within me and my butt was firmly planted on his pelvis, feeling his pubes tickle my ass cheeks. Contact with his body was like sitting on the most comfortable and exhilarating cushion and a quick gyration of my hips cause use both to let out a moan of euphoria in unison. Settling back down I began a soft rocking motion as I contracted the muscles deep within in order to milk the cock I was riding to a climax. I knew that he was coming close as his whole body tensed, his breathing grew quick and ragged, and every muscle in his body flexed as if he had been tased. He was trying his hardest to control himself, but the euphoria began to overtake him. It wasn't until he began to cum that I realized I was reaching my own climax as well. My cock had hardened and I could feel the cum pour out and splatter onto his chest while I was simultaneously being filled with my roommate's warm seed. 

There was a moment of calm before I came off of my high, a period of pure bliss before my body gave out and I collapsed on top of him in exhaustion. I could barely move as I felt his now-soft cock slowly begin to slip out. I was still able to feel the load that he had left in me however, despite the fact that there was now some running out of my gaping hole. All I could do was lie there, stuck together with my cum between our two bodies, as his heavy breathing moved me up and down. I buried my head once again in the crook of his neck, feeling the sweat of his skin on my face. I had never been more content as our naked bodies were intertwined on that bed, my arms around his body and his around mine. 

The End...

~~~

I hope you guys enjoyed the story. I like writing little one-shots like this because it allows me to practice writing a wide variety of subjects. Feel free to let me know what you think or what you guys like, Thanks!