 When I got to college, I was the only freshman in the senior dorm. I had planned to go to another school but at the last minute I changed my mind. Richards Institute where I had originally planned to go had a wonderful fine arts program, which was my field; but I had been accepted at Rodgers University, and when push came to shove I just couldn't give up the opportunity to go to one of the Big League schools. So by the time I decided to go to Rodgers and applied for a room, the freshman dorms were all filled.

My father and my mother were all excited about Rodgers. It was a real prestige school, and maybe they were partially behind my decision to change my mind. Also my father was really hoping I'd go on to business school and be a businessman like he was. He wasn't very thrilled with the whole fine arts thing.

I had to report to Rodgers on September eighth to get my room assignment and to sign up for the classes I would take. I decided on English, Ancient History, Economics, Government and for my one fun course I picked Renaissance Painting 101. 

Then my parents took me over to Bolt Hall where I would be staying. Room 305. My father helped me carry my bags, and as we were climbing the stairs to my room my mother, who complained about everything, began complaining that there was no elevator in the dorm.

I opened the door with the key they had given me, and we entered the room. The first thing I saw was the big tall guy, who was obviously my new roommate, sitting with his back against the pillows on one of the beds with his feet up. He was watching a small television across the room where they seemed to be playing football. He was tall and wiry. His arms, shoulders and legs were almost too muscular, and they were very visible in the tight blue tee shirt which showed his defined chest, and I think they call it his pectoral muscles. (I'm not that up on bones, muscles, nerves. All that anatomical information.) He was wearing a pair of tight blue spandex shorts, which were very short, and outlined another prominent muscle, which I won't go into here. This isn't that kind of a story. This is a college story. My new roommate had a strong face. You know the kind. High cheekbones, (I think those are cheekbones,) sculptured jaw, solid chin. He was really good looking, though it bothers me when someone is better looking than I am. He had thick black hair and a little bit of five o'clock shadow. He was surveying me, and I noticed his eyes were a smoldering medium brown. He was kind of dangerous looking.

"Hi. I'm Pepper Adams," he said, jumping up and extending his right hand.

"Gary Dean," I introduced myself and shook his hand.

"Henry Dean," said my father, taking his hand.

"Vicky," said my mother, smiling at him. "Is this your first day at college too?"

"Hell, no. I'm a senior," he answered. "This is the senior dorm. They told me I was going to have a late admission freshman in here because they had no room in the freshman dorm. "Welcome to Rodgers, Gary," said Pepper.

"Thanks," I said. 

"Let me help you unpack, darling," said my mother.

"No that's okay mom, I can do it." Pepper and I gave each other a conspiratorial look. Mothers. Yeah.

My parents invited Pepper to come to dinner with us, but he declined. He was having dinner with his girlfriend, Ingrid. So we drove into town and had a nice meal at the University Spa, which was considered to be the best restaurant in the whole area. After that my parents drove me back to the dorm, and went to their hotel room. We were going to have breakfast together the next morning before they drove home.

Back in the dorm room, I unpacked, put all my clothes into the drawers and closet (my half of the closet and the three bottom drawers) stowed my luggage on the closet shelf, got into my pajamas, and got my toothbrush and toothpaste and went down the hall to the third floor bathroom. The dorm seemed to be deserted. Pepper wasn't around and neither was anybody else. After showering, drying, and brushing my teeth I returned to my empty room and sat back on my own bed. I turned on the lamp next to the bed and continued reading the book I had brought, Vanity Fair. 

I was so engrossed in the book that I wasn't noticing the time, and I guess it was about one a.m. when I heard Pepper's key in the door.

"You still up?" he asked.

"I was reading. I got involved."

"Good for you. I never read except for the stuff I have to read for classes. Did you and your folks have a nice dinner?"

"Yeah. It was great. I had broiled brook trout," I answered.

"Oh, you went to the University Spa. That's one of their specialties."

"Yes," I said.

"So do you play any sports?" he asked.

"No," I answered. "I'm not very athletic."

"Yeah. You are kind of a skinny little guy," he observed. "You know what? You could go out for crew. They need skinny little light guys to be the coxswain on the boat."

"I get seasick," I joked.

He wasn't the joking kind, and persisted. "But that's a sport you could be good at."

"I don't really like sports that much," I explained.

"You don't like sports?" he cried in utter amazement. "How can that be? Every guy likes sports. I love sports. Football, baseball, basketball, hockey. Everything. And I'm on the school wrestling team. In fact this whole floor is the wrestling team. They arranged it so that we could all be together."

Now I understood all those muscles. He was trained to pick guys up and throw them all around. "I'll have to go over and watch you wrestle one of these days," I said.

"Sure," he answered. He started getting undressed, and I got to see his Michaelangelo-modeled hard round buns flexing as he walked around the room. It seemed he slept in the raw, not in pajamas like me. His beautifully shaped penis and testicles swayed in front of him, but I was a gentleman and didn't look.

"I'd better get to sleep," he said. "I'm knocked out. My girlfriend Ingrid really exhausted me tonight. She just can't get enough of my dick. She keeps making me go again and again."

"Where do you do it?" I queried.

"Up in her room. Over in the girls' dorms. They allow guys up in the rooms till ten o'clock. Then I hide in the closet until it quiets down, and I sneak out later on."

"Doesn't she have a roommate?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah, sure. But it's okay. Ellen loves to watch me fuck Ingrid. She even plays with herself a little. I offered to fuck her one night, but Ingrid gave me a dirty look and Ellen said 'no thanks', so she just watches."

I was already getting an education, and classes hadn't even started. A few days later they did start, and I began to get into a routine. I met the other guys on the floor and on the wrestling team: Marty, Pete, Jim, John, Willy, Tony, Artie, Phil and Steve. I saw them in the hall and in the showers, and they were all big strapping, heavily muscled guys. But they were all pretty nice to me. They started calling me Stringbean. All except Artie, that is. I could tell he didn't like me. When he would pass me in the hall, he would sneer at me. I didn't know what I had done. I hated being in the shower with him. He would stare at me in this funny way while he was soaping his crotch and whistling 'My Country 'Tis of Thee'. One time we were both in the shower with three of the other guys, and all of a sudden he throws the soap at me. "Here kid, catch," he said. 

The soap grazed my shoulder and dropped to the floor behind me. I stooped over to pick it up. "Hey, look, everybody," Artie said. "He dropped the soap. Stringbean dropped the soap." Then he walked up behind me and pressed his crotch against my ass, and everybody was laughing, but I didn't know what that was all about. And I think he had a little bit of a stiffie because I could feel it stabbing my left cheek when he was pressing against me. After a few seconds he moved away, but everybody was still laughing at me. I dried off, put on my jockey shorts and went back to the room. I knew Artie was trying to humiliate me, but at least he was now calling me Stringbean like everybody else. 

Pepper was at his desk studying for a Biology exam, and I started on Chapter 22 of The Pickwick Papers for my English class. Then Artie came into the room and he and Pepper were kidding around about Ingrid, and about Sophie, Artie's girlfriend, whom he was banging ten times a day, so he said. And how she liked his big dick in her soft foamy pussy, and he would plunge in and out as the juices poured out of her, and all the time he was giving me funny looks out of the corner of his eye. "You got a girlfriend, Stringbean?" he asked.

"Not yet," I answered. "I'm too busy studying for my courses."

"Sure you are," he said. "Well, you just keep up the good work and go get all A's. Not like the rest of us stupid jocks on this floor. Right, Pepper?"

"Right," said Pepper and they both laughed. I tried to read, but they were talking and talking. I was having trouble concentrating. 

"Please. I'm trying to read. Could you please talk in the hall?"

"Sure," said Pepper. And they went out the door and closed it behind them. But I could still hear them talking, and I couldn't absorb what I was reading. Then I heard something that really upset me.

Artie said to Pepper, "I don't know how you can stand rooming with that wimpy little faggot."

"Oh, he's all right," Pepper assured him. "He's a good kid."

"He's such a little fairy," Artie insisted.

My cheeks were burning and I felt like crying. How could he say that? I had had sex with a woman a couple of years ago. My Uncle Hiram had taken me to this prostitute he knew in the city, to 'made a man out of me', as uncle Hiram used to say. He had made me promise not to tell my parents because he didn't want them to know he was corrupting me.

The girl's name was Alice. And she wasn't really a girl. She was more like 45 years old. She had badly died yellow hair, and she was very tall and bony. When she took off her clothes, her small tits sagged down. And she was wearing this very strong cheap perfume. I had a little trouble maintaining my erection and she was getting impatient, but finally I finished. (I faked an ejaculation.) And then I couldn't wait to get home and take a shower. It seemed like I and my clothes, just everything reeked from that perfume. I vowed next time to do it with a real girl my own age. Not some cheap old hooker. It would be better next time. I would like it.

After that I had trouble reading my book. I just couldn't keep my attention on it. Finally it got late enough so I could go to bed, knowing Pepper wouldn't be keeping the light on too much longer. I walked down to the bathroom to brush my teeth, and my toothpaste tube was just about squeezed out. I had been meaning to buy a new tube, but I hadn't. Nothing was going right for me tonight.

The next day, I had to brush without toothpaste in the morning and my mouth tasted terrible. After my last class I ran over to the campus store. I decided to try something new. The old one had tasted like Spearmint which I don't really like. I gazed at the toothpaste shelf. All the same old stuff. Then I saw one tube of a brand I had never heard of. Irresistooth. It was in a gaudy rainbow colored box which showed a mouth and a set of teeth, with sparkle and gleaming stars and strokes of lightening coming out of it. I was intrigued. I examined the box. Red, blue, green, red, yellow, orange, just every color there was, all swirling around. The box said 'The Only Toothpaste that Can'. "Can what?" I wondered. I bought it.

That night I was in the room studying. And so was Pepper. He had already taken his Biology exam, so ordinarily he would have been over in Ingrid's room with Ellen watching. But they had had an argument. "That cunt," Pepper said bitterly. "I'm not giving that bitch my sweet cock. And I'm not giving it to her slutty roommate either." He was really in a bad mood. I tried to calm him down, but he just looked at me like I was some pathetic loser who didn't know what it was all about.

When it got close to bedtime, I took my soap, towel, toothbrush and the new toothpaste, Irresistooth, and went down the hall to the bathroom to wash up before going to sleep. I opened the Irresistooth and pressed the sharp side of the plastic top into the metal covering the end of the tube. I immediately noticed a fantastic fragrance. Cinnamon, cloves, everything. Fresh, delicious, seductive. I could barely wait to squeeze it onto my brush and get it into my mouth. 

It was a bright phophorescent yellow gel. I had never seen anything like it. I squeezed a dollop onto my brush and screwed the cap back on. Then I put the brush into my mouth. My god. Heaven. I had never in my life tasted anything like this. It rushed through my air passages into my throat, into my sinuses, into my brain. This was a whole new oral experience for me. Wow! What a toothpaste!

Finally I finished brushing my teeth, even though I hated to finish. I did have to get up in the morning. I stuck my head down under the faucet and filled my mouth with cold water to rinse out. As I was walking back to me room, I was conscious of the wonderful aroma and the incredible taste in my mouth. I started licking my teeth, but I didn't have to because my whole mouth was full of the delicious gel. I was breathing cinnamon. I was breathing cloves. I was breathing everything. This was going to be my new life-long toothpaste, and it was too bad they didn't have any more on the shelf in the store, because I wanted to stock up as soon as possible. Get a lifetime supply. But they would always be getting more in. Little did I know.

When I got back to the room, Pepper was sitting up on his bed watching a ballgame, and I put my towel over the back of a chair, and walked over to my own bed next to his, wearing only my little white jockeys. "How's everything going, kid?" he asked.

"Pretty good. I got a B Plus on my Ancient History paper." I told him.

"That's great. But remember, if you're not into sports, you've got to be getting all A's. One or the other."

We both laughed, and it was funny, because he kept staring at my face. "There's something different about you," he said.

"No there isn't," I said.

"Yes there is," he insisted. "I can't put my finger on it. No. Wait. Wait. It's your mouth"

"What about my mouth?"

"I never noticed what a great mouth you have. What beautiful teeth. Look at how white they are. How they sparkle." He came up close to me and began staring into my mouth, almost as if he were hypnotized. "My god. It almost looks like there are stars shooting out from your teeth." By this time his eye was barely an inch away from my open lips. Then he started sniffing. "And your mouth smells great. So sweet. So fresh. How come I never noticed before?"

"It must be my new toothpaste," I explained. 

"Yeah, sure," he kidded, but his face was getting closer and closer, and all of a sudden he stuck his tongue out and started licking my upper lip. "My God. You taste great too. I never tasted anything so wonderful." Now he held my shoulders and planted his whole mouth over mine, and began to ease his tongue into my mouth.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Tasting your great new toothpaste," he said. "I really dig it!" 

And then he was kissing me and kissing me, sucking on my mouth, and I felt I was getting a hard-on, and I started kissing him back, and I loved his mouth too, even though it didn't taste of cloves and cinnamon. God he was so strong and forceful. He just overcame me. He eased me back on the bed, and crawled on top of me, holding me in his arms, kissing and kissing. 

"Oh god. I'm getting a hard-on." He reached down and began playing with his dick on top of my own, stroking it and stroking it as we continued kissing and he was moaning. He took my hand and brought it down below his waist, and folded my fingers over his dick. "Play with it," he said. "Oh, yeah. That's good. Jack it up and down a little more. That's right." And he kept tasting my wonderful new toothpaste. 

Finally after about ten more minutes of this, he said, "I can't stand it any more. I hate to stop kissing those gorgeous lips of yours, but I need them around my dick.

"I can't do that," I said. "That's queer."

"Please, baby. For me. For Pepper. I gotta have it. We're pals, right?

"Yes," I said hesitantly.

"Well your pal needs you to do something for him. You're not gonna say no, are you?"

"I don't know," I resisted.

"Come on, pal. Please. For Pepper" And he started pushing me lower on the bed to bring my lips in line with his big cock. It was a mighty pole. I took it in my hand. It was so, so, so----solid. And it was so warm. I think I almost wanted to suck it. 

"Come on, baby," he urged. And I lowered my mouth onto it slowly. I put it in without really closing my mouth down on it, because I was nervous and I thought I wouldn't like it. But after moving my loose jaw up and down on it a few times, I decided it wasn't so bad after all, and I closed down upon it with my lips and my tongue. Nice.

"Oh, yeah, baby," he groaned. "Suck it. Suck it. Suck my big dick. Yeah. That's nice. You know, you're a lot better than Ingrid. Look at those sweet lips around my flagpole. I never noticed what beautiful delicate lips you have. Like a girl's. You have a girl's mouth and it's wrapped around my big sausage. Eat it, honey. Eat it. Eat that big sausage." And he started bucking around, raising his ass, forcing his dick deeper into my throat as he held my head with both hands and worked his own dick with my mouth.

We did this for about fifteen more minutes, and I was getting tired. I didn't know how I felt about having him come in my mouth, but I was getting tired and wanted to go to sleep. Suddenly he pulled me off of his dick and pulled me up on the bed till he had lip-access to my mouth again. He plunged his tongue in, whispering over and over, "My God. What a sweet mouth. What a wonderful delicious mouth. I could kiss this all night. But listen, Stringbean. There's one thing."

"What's that?" I asked wetly.

"I love to get sucked, and you were just great. But I can't come like that. I need to fuck."

"What do you mean?" I asked, refusing to accept what he was saying, even though I knew.

"I need to fuck you, baby."

"How can you fuck another guy?" I asked in astonishment, even though deep down I knew how.

"You know," he answered. "I need your ass."

"But you can't. It'll hurt me."

"I'll be real easy with you. I swear to god."

"I don't know," I stalled.

"I've got some mineral oil here that Ingrid uses when she comes over and gives me a massage. I'll use some of that." And he reached into the night table drawer and took out a small bottle. He put the bottle down for a minute, and after taking off my jockeys, he raised my legs and hooked them over his shoulders. After that he opened the bottle and greased up his cock, and began rubbing the oil all around and then inside my small hole. Gingerly, he eased one finger into the passage and I flinched for a second, but it got a little easier, and now he was moving it back and forth inside me. Then he poured some more oil on, and stuck two fingers in me, gradually opening me up, so that he could get his dick inside. The oil was dripping all over the sheets. I was really going to have to do a laundry tomorrow.

When he decided that I was loose enough, he positioned the tip of his big needle in front of my little eyehole and began to press it in. I could feel my back lips spreading around him and sucking him in ever so slowly. When the head was in, he sat on his haunches without moving for a few minutes, and then he eased it all the way down, until his big juicy balls were stroking mine. I felt his whole wonderful weight on top of me, as he eased my legs down around his waist and laid his muscular chest on top of my own. Now he was flexing his beautiful ass cheeks working his enormity inside my tightness, and he began to kiss me again. And he were sucking mouths as he filled my rectum with his unbelievable manhood.
