 NOTE: I received several emails wanting more of Wiley's gay action—so here's the final and last story.

I was fucking Debbie and her girl friend but it was not as powerful an orgasm as when Jeff plowed my ass. I was missing a hard cock in my ass to stimulate my prostate and I realized that I liked pussy but needed a hard cock too.

I called Jeff on Sunday who said he and George needed to fuck at least twice a week so we came to an agreement for every Wednesday and Sunday afternoon. We all three went to a blood test clinic and we were tested for aids or STDs. 

In two weeks we discovered that we were all clean and agreed to keep sex between the three of us. I felt comfortable with not using a condom.

I met with Jeff once more at the bath house for a quickie. He informed me that he was in a rush so we quickly got down to business.

My cock was hard by the time I undressed and Jeff was mostly hard. I sucked a little on his cock and he pulled me up, rolled on a condom and had me kneel on the padded table. His cock was well lubricated, he placed his cock-head at my entrance and pushed one inch inside me.

There was no pain and I felt the fire racing through my hard cock causing it to ooze cum.

I heard my voice crying out in ecstasy. His cock was penetrating my rectum deeper with each stroke.

His cock was a perfect fit in my ass. My cock started a long stream of cum dropping out on and splattering thickly on the floor. By the time his balls were slapping my ass, he was cumming. He grunted and moaned and ejaculated in the condom. He apologized for his premature ejaculation but I assured him that I still enjoyed it and we dressed and left. 

Our plan was for twice weekly sex that was perfect for me because I could make a delivery in town on Wednesdays and arrive in town on my way back from Brownsville on Sunday afternoon.

The weather was hot that Wednesday, my cock was stirring all day thinking of the spurting spasms of having a hard cock up my butt. I was a 30 inch waist and I was proud of the way my butt looked. I dressed in tight jeans and a t-shirt and drove into town. I parked in front of Jeff's place. George and Jeff were pleased to see me. 

Jeff's cock was a full nine inches long and at least two inches thick. It was a lot like Joe's cock from the video booth in Atlanta. I fondly remembered my first anal fuck and feeling Joe's long hard cock in my ass and my cock spurting cum over and over. 

Jeff was taller than George. I wondered how in the world George ever got such a monster of a cock. We were talking and George stated he didn't like the smell of pussy but he loved to fuck a man's tight ass. I marveled at that statement but put it aside. His preference was 17-20 year old boys and I was 22. I was a bit chagrined but anal fucking can wear one's ass out.

I was standing in the kitchen next to George who sat at the table when I exclaimed how horny I was. George reached for my crotch and fondled my semi hard cock through my jeans. He moaned and complimented my fat cock. I said how good it felt. His other hand massaged my butt cheeks. He was a bald man slightly taller than me. His body was covered in dark hair.

"You have such a small tight butt," he remarked. 

Jeff stood behind me and rubbed my nipples pointing out under my t-shirt with his finger tips. The combination of George squeezing my cock, rubbing my ass and Jeff playing with my nipples sent electric waves of pleasure to my cock.

"Mmmmmm—that feels so good," I said encouragingly. 

We moved into in the living room. George pulled his gym shorts down to reveal his massive fat cock. It was so big that it didn't stand straight out but instead jutted at a downward angle. His huge hairy nuts hung like large lemons. 

I undressed and so did Jeff. He was already hard. His cock stood out at attention and curved upwards slightly. It was a perfect ass fucking cock at two inches thick and nine inches long. I really wanted his cock in my ass.

George sat on the couch that was covered with a sheet. He grasped his semi hard cock and asked me to suck his cock. I obliged by leaning over and bracing myself up with both hands grasping his cock with my ass up in the air. Jeff knelt down behind me. At the same time I grasped George's huge cock; Jeff plied my ass cheeks apart with his face and licked my brown hole with his long wet tongue.

"Your cock is so big," I remarked as I licked the head.

I struggled to engulf George in my mouth. His cock head was so big that my mouth stretched over it painfully. I was worried my teeth would scrape his cock skin but he said it felt good.

"Hmmm—mmpppffff—gaawwkkk," I moaned with a mouthful of huge cock as Jeff's tongue penetrated my bung hole with his tongue.

My jaw was stretched over George's massive cock and he pushed my head down until his cock shut off my air. My jaw was painfully stretched and I couldn't take his cock in my throat—it was just too dam big.

Meanwhile, Jeff was sucking my balls and playing with my cock with one hand and fingering my bung hole with the other. First two fingers then three then two. It was maddening.

My as writhed and pushed back on his long fingers that were digging and stretching my little ass hole.

I released George's cock and sucked in a big breath of air. I continued to frig him with both hands using the generous amount of spit from my mouth that flowed over his cock. I marveled at how thick his cock was—my fingers did not touch by an inch. It had to be seven inches in circumference.

My nuts were stretched out by Jeff's mouth as he pulled each one into his mouth and sucked on them. Oh what pleasure it was. My cock was aching to feel a hard cock in my ass.

"Uhhhhh—yes—that's so good," I moaned in pleasure.

George had a cock like a donkey—it was positively huge—at least three inches wide. The head was bright pink and my fingers did not touch as I frigged his massive shaft with veins bulging ending at the base in a mass of soft dark curly hair. 

I went back down on George feeling his massive cock stretch my jaw again and again. My head bobbed up and down as his hands held my head and helped my mouth suck his cock. His cock was as thick as a roll of salami. It was too big for my throat. I tasted his pre-cum as my head bobbed up and down. 

Meanwhile, Jeff was fucking my ass with his fingers, stretching my small hole with his fingers up to the knuckles. His left hand frigged my cock expertly. I could feel my cock throb each time his fingers fucked inside my hole. The feeling was exquisite.

Jeff positioned himself behind me and his long cock prodded my itchy hole. After a few strokes his cock popped inside me and a jolt of pleasure spasmed though my cock. He continued pumping more of his long shaft in my butt hole.

"Gaaawwwkkkk---ummmmmffff—gaaaaggghhh," I moaned as Jeff's cock pumped in and out, deeper and deeper. The pleasure of his hard cock inside me stretching and filling my ass was so good.

I reached back between my legs with one hand and felt half of Jeff's cock buried in my rectum. He pumped harder and I could feel his thick cock opening more of my tight channel while my prostate was going wild.

My cock oozed cum on the hard wood floor. My cock spasmed and jerked as Jeff fucked more cock into my ass. After a few minutes, my cock was about to cum. 

"Aaaaaggghhhhh—I'm cummmmiinnng," I cried out. I let out a warning that I was cumming and Jeff suddenly stopped and abruptly pulled his long cock from my achy hole. My nuts were tight and my cock was swollen and throbbing in anticipation of cumming but Jeff pulled out preventing my ejaculating.

George pulled my face up and pulled me on top of him on the couch. I straddled George's hips with my knees facing him on the couch with my ass over his massive cock. I could feel his hard fat cock pushing and poking at my butt cheeks. 

George pulled my chest to his face and he sucked and pinched on my hard nipples. My cock was straining against his hairy chest and the sensation of his biting and pinching my sensitive nipples sent waves of electricity to my cock.

George applied some oil to his cum soaked cock and I reached behind me lifting his truncheon to spread my ass cheeks. I held it feeling its enormous girth and guided the huge head to my fresh stretched hole. There it nestled as my body pushed down impaling the head, painfully stretching my small hole.

"Ohhhh, its so dam big—ughhhh—aggggghhhh—it's so fucking big," I cried out with tears rolling down my cheeks and the painful stretching of my anus. George moaned as his cock head penetrated my buttery smooth anus.

I pushed and pushed while sitting on his huge cock impaling myself. I heard the squishing sound as my ass opened up and his huge cock-head popped inside. George had each nipple pinched between his thumb and finger and he pulled hard on them. I let go of his cock and allowed my hips to pump onto his cock.

I pumped my ass on his enormous thick cock; feeling a little more of his thick shaft penetrating my tight hole. It was past the anal ring and the pain subsided as my prostate was being stretched and prodded. I could hear myself cry out how good it felt in my ass.

"Ohhh God that's good," I let out. My cock felt like a stream of electricity flowed through it. "Mmmmffff—agghhhhh—yesss---oooooo—mmmmm—yes o yes—Its soo biggg," I cried in pleasure. I couldn't believe that was my voice that cried out how good it felt. 

My legs muscles quit working and my bottom was suspended half-way on his huge truncheon. George began pushing his cock up into my ass.

I looked down at my cock and it was big as a balloon. The head was purple and the shaft was swollen enormously. I've never seen it so big. Another minute and many strains later, I felt another inch of massive cock stretch my rectum and soon I was pumping half of George's cock up and down inside me. I couldn't wait to feel his cock head bumping at my colon entrance.

George pumped his hips upwards pushing a little more cock inside me. He didn't stop until my bottom was flush on his thighs. My cock oozed cum onto George's hairy stomach as my cock head rubbed him. A string of cum connected us. George pushed his hips up and down as I pumped down impaling more of his monster in my ass.

The strength returned to my legs and I pumped furiously up and down until eventually I reached back to feel all of that huge cock was up my rectum. George continued his pinching cruelly on my nipples pulling them painfully out. My entire weight sat on his huge cock. I felt the enormous head pushing at my colon entrance. It soon stretched and opened allowing it to penetrate my bowels.

"Ugghhhh—mmmffff," I grunted feeling my ass totally engulfing his thick monster. My hips began rocking back and forth feeling every inch buried inside me.

Jeff stood on the couch beside me with his splendid cock in my face. I grasped it with my right hand holding to my mouth. His cock head was smooth and velvety and soon half his cock was down my throat. 

Jeff's hands held my head and forced my head to pump on his cock as he fucked my mouth. George let go of my nipples and held my but cheeks apart assisting my pumping motion. I was soon thrashing wildly on his enormous cock back and forth with my butt while his hands assisted the motion.

I felt Jeff's balls with my hand. I kneaded and squeezed them feeling his long cock fuck my mouth and throat. I pulled in air through my nose when his cock pumped out.

This scene went on for five or six minutes. The feeling of George's huge cock deep inside my stretched anus was wonderful. My cock continued to ooze out. 

George pulled me off his cock and I sat next to him frigging his slick fat cock then taking as much in my mouth tasting his cum slick cock head. 

George pushed me over on my back onto the couch. He held my legs over my shoulders, my ankles at his ears and with one hand holding his huge cock to my hole. He began fucking me with his huge cock, re-stretching my small hole. He began to slowly pound my ass. A little more of his big cock penetrated my hole with each stroke.

"O yes—FUCK MEEEeeeeee George—agghhhhh—yesss," I cried out. It felt so incredibly good.

I raised my head to see between my legs as his enormous shaft thrust in and out of my butt. Each time he stroked inside me, my cock spasmed and jerked. His strokes became more rapid and soon my cock was a solid spasm of joy. I spread my ass cheeks for better penetration. 

Slat—splat—splat—slap—slap—went his cock in and out as his pelvis and balls slapped my ass.

"Mmmmffff—mmmffff—mmmffff," he grunted as he pounded my tight little ass.

"Harder—don't stop—fuck me harder--Agggghhh—I'mmm CUMmmmmmiinnggg—uugghhhh," I screamed out as my cock spurted out a little cum on my belly. 

He tensed up and grunted and filled my ass with his cum. I could feel his cock deflating as we caught our breath. 

I was surprised when he pulled his spent cock from my ass and wiped the cream off of my belly with a towel. 

Then he pushed his cock to my mouth. I could see his cum soaked cock and I opened my achy mouth and took his softening cock in my mouth relishing the taste.

I was soon on all fours while Jeff quickly filled my just fucked ass. His cock buried half way inside me with just one push. 

"Aaaaggghhhh---uugghhh—mmmffff—yes o yes," I cried out from the sudden re-stretching of my anus.

George's cum provided great lubrication. My cock throbbed as he began fucking my ass with long deep strokes. I looked down between my legs to see his big nut sack slap against my butt.

"Awwww---yessss—fuck mee—yes," I cried out.

Jeff was soon pounding my ass hard and my cock spasmed each time. I began to cum again as Jeff let out a cry and I could feel his cum fill my bowels. My cock oozed a little cum and jerked wildly as he came out in my ass.

"Aaggghhh—mmmffff," he grunted.

They appeared to be totally spent and drained of cum. I sat on the toilet as my colon pushed jism out. My ass hole was sore and tingling and my nipples were sore as well. It was an ok orgasm but still not enough for me. 

I showered and joined the boys in the Jacuzzi. They marveled at my semi-hard cock. We all drank a cold beer while the hot water relaxed my body. About twenty minutes went by and George announced he wanted to fuck again. But this time he wanted to videotape the scene.

I said Ok and we walked into his bedroom. George set up the video camera. Once on the bed, I got on top of George straddling his face and positioned my cock over his face. I grabbed his semi-hard cock and opened my mouth over his huge cock head. 

George took all of my cock in his mouth and I could feel him sucking and stroking my cock with his tongue. I imagined how a mother cow must feel having her tit sucked.

The man possessed amazing recuperative powers. After four or five minutes, George was very hard. His cock required two hands to frig him. His cock was as big and hard as earlier. 

I laid face down on the bed and George mounted my ass. He applied some oil and positioned himself straddling my butt.

"I love this tight little ass—my hard cock in your ass," he stated.

I enjoyed the feeling of his huge cock head pushing against my tight bun hole. The pain was the same—feeling my ass-hole fall away and the biting pain caused my eyes to tear but I knew once his cock was inside me I would enjoy that full stretched sensation that sent spasms through my cock. 

"Aggggghhhhh, it hurts—mmmfffff—yes—yes—O' you're so dam big---o' fuck," I cried as his head popped inside my anal ring.

"Oooooo that feels so dam good," he exclaimed. His cock was pumping trying to penetrate more of its huge shaft. I could feel its enormous thickness stretching my rectum to its limit. It took three or four minutes before his entire cock buried itself inside my rectum. 

George enjoyed the feeling of my buttery smooth anal canal gripping his shaft. He fucked slowly in and out sometimes stopping to feel my ass spasm and milk his cock.

"You like my cock in your ass, don't you," he asked.

"Umm—hmmm," I moaned.

"Say it—say you like my cock in your ass," he demanded.

"Yes—I love to feel your cock in my ass," I blurted out.

Jeff walked in and sat on the bed. He frigged his long cock watching George plow my ass. 

George took his time. At first, he stroked slowly in and out relishing the exquisite buttery smooth anal channel milking his thick monster.

I could feel his huge head as it stroked my prostate into orgasm. The tensing and squeezing of my ass only intensified the pleasure.

He soon began stroking his cock almost out and plunging all the way up my rectum. Each stroke sent an electrical wave of pleasure to my cock. My ass and cock spasmed together.

The sound of the regular slapping as his pelvis met my ass cheeks became more intense. I grasped the bed cover and groaned loudly as my cock spasmed.

I could see in the wall mirror his huge distended member as it pulled out of my ass then plunged back inside. 

"Ugghhh—ugghh—ugghh," I moaned at each stroke. "O yes—fuck—fuck—it feels soo good," I blurted out.

The bed was creaking and shaking as George pounded my little ass. My ass fell apart as his strokes were harder and faster. The hard fucking lasted about two minutes. I was close to cumming.

"Ohhh, I'm gonna' cum," I moaned.

He could tell I was close to orgasm and suddenly George stopped and pulled his greasy monster out of my ass. He moved over and Jeff pulled me over to the edge of the bed. My legs were hanging over the edge, my toes touching the floor and my ass on level with Jeff's cock. 

My cock was rock hard and I was anxious to feel my orgasm. 

He positioned his cock to my stretched hole and pushed all nine inches inside me.

I felt an immediate rush of pleasure as he easily stroked in and out. He pounded my ass for another two minutes and just as I was about to cum when he stopped and pulled out.

George took his place. His cock once again stretched my ass and filled my channel.

He fucked me another minute and swapped again with Jeff before I could cum.

"O' he really likes a good fuckin'," said Jeff. "You'll learn to love a hard cock in your ass before we're through," he said.

They fucked me like that for at least half an hour. My hole was sore but I wanted to cum so bad.

"Ohhh--please let me cum--fuck me and let me cum," I begged.

Finally, George fucked me from behind while standing and Jeff kneeled down and sucked my hard cock. I began to cum and yelled out while George stroked his monster inside me. My ass pumped back onto his huge cock and I could feel my jism oozing out then my cock spasmed and spurted cum into Jeff's mouth.

"AWWWW—GAAWDDD—I'mmmm—CUMMMINNNGGG," I screamed.

George held me up his arms wrapped around me. I nearly passed out from the intense orgasm. My cock spurted until my nuts were totally spent and then continued to spasm. My nuts were angry and sore from cumming so hard.

George came inside me again and I fell over on the bed; his cock popped out; my legs were too weak to stand. My ass was hanging on the edge when Jeff positioned his long cock to my ass.

Jeff spit my cum in his hand and rubbed his hard cock. Then he speared me with his nine inches and began a hard rhythm of fucking. It felt great in my ass. About two minutes later he was cumming in my rectum.

"Wow, look at his ass," remarked Jeff as he pulled out.

"Red as a cherry, ha-ha-ha—fucked real good," chuckled George.

Jeff brought over a hand held mirror and I could see my puckered hole was bright red, swollen like fat red lips and very sore. White and clear jism oozed out of my gaping puckered anus.

George brought over some analgesic lube and applied a generous amount to my sore anus. He delighted in fingering my used stretched hole. The lube took the soreness out and I was thankful for his first aid.
