 Chapter 9 -- Ryan's Story -- The escape

For several weeks Ryan would see Shultz regularly. They would always meet in the shower block and end up having wild passionate sex. Some nights Arthur and Geoff would be there and end up in a foursome. If Ryan thought that Tommy was passionate then Shultz was more so but it didn't make up for the fact it wasn't Tommy. It was Tommy that he loved and ultimately that's where he wanted to be.

Ryan had been carefully watching the activity of the camp and knew there would be a late night delivery on the particular night he was due to meet Shultz. The young German was already there when he arrived at the shower block.

"Not much time," Shultz said before kissing Ryan with passion.

Ryan pulled him off and said, "Strip, I want to do you naked tonight."

"No time," Shultz said.

They had done this on more than one occasion and Ryan knew he could persuade him to do it again. It seemed the danger of being caught would fuel his passion more.

"Please," Ryan begged.

Shultz smiled and immediately began stripping, "We must hurry then," he said.

Ryan too shed his clothes but then to Shultz's horror Ryan tackled him to the floor, pinning him so he couldn't move.

"Don't make a sound," Ryan whispered.

Ryan didn't think he would try alerting the guards, how would he explain his nakedness with a prisoner. "What you doing?" Shultz asked.

Ryan pulled some rope from his trousers and promptly tied Shultz's hands behind his back and his feet together. He then took a sock and stuffed it into the boy's mouth. Shultz's eyes widened when Ryan got dressed, not his own clothes, he dressed in Shultz's uniform.

"I'm sorry. I know you love me but I don't feel the same way. I love someone else and it's killing me not being with him. That's why I'm escaping tonight, I have to be with him." Ryan explained.

He knelt down and kissed Shultz on the forehead.

"You've been so good to me," he continued. "So here's a little parting gift."

Ryan then sucked in Shultz's hard cock and brought him to a wonderful climax. Shultz cried when Ryan stood and walked away.

Outside Ryan knew he needed to act like he belonged there and be careful not to show his face or get dragged into talking. The uniform was a little tight but he certainly did look like a German soldier. He made his way over to the main gate and sure enough the delivery truck was there waiting to leave. It was a small flatbed design with frame over the top and covered in a tarpaulin. A guard was searching the vehicle for any possible escapees, he knew this was standard procedure.

As he neared the guard saw him and nodded. Ryan nodded back careful not to show too much of his face. His heart was thumping hard, if he got caught now he would be put in solitary for a month, and solitary was brutal. He knew of some soldiers that went crazy from being in there.

The guard turned his attention back to the truck and finished his inspection. Ryan acted as though he was making rounds, he had to time it just right so that he was near the truck before it left. As soon as the guard walked round to the drivers door Ryan made his move. Swiftly he ran up to the back of the truck and climbed inside. It was half full of empty crates so Ryan made his way to the front and curled up behind them.

His heart was racing and his breathing heavy. He tried to control it so he didn't make too much noise but his adrenaline was pumping so hard it wasn't easy. To his relief the truck started it's engine and began to move. Ryan held his breath, he darn't move, he would wait until he was far enough from the camp.

After several minutes on the road Ryan heard the sound of a siren in the distance. It seems they had discovered Shultz. He waited to see if the driver had heard too, surely he would stop. He didn't, he kept driving. Ryan wondered what would happen to Shultz now, he's sure the boy would say he was ambushed. Maybe that would be ok but he knew how harsh the camp commander could be, even to his own men. He felt sorry for him.

After several miles Ryan bailed out when the truck stopped at a junction. He quickly ran to a hedge and hid until the truck drove out of sight. He breathed a sigh of relief when the sound of the truck disappeared completely. Although he was wearing a German uniform he knew he had to be careful as that's exactly what they would be searching for. He also needed to get his bearings and not head deeper into enemy territory. South, that's the only way, to neighbouring Switzerland, one of the few neutral countries in the war.

He was just about to stand when he heard the sound of another truck approaching fast. Peering through the hedge he could see a troop truck with at least ten soldiers on board. It was obvious to Ryan they were attempting to catch up to the delivery truck and at the speed they were going that wouldn't be long. He also knew that once they stopped it they would guess he had bailed out somewhere between there and the camp. They would also know that he would be attempting to head south, it wouldn't take long for them to catch him. Only one thing for it, head north for a while to throw them and then turn west in the hope to meet up with some allied troops.

Once the troop truck had disappeared he looked up. There was no moon tonight but the sky was clear, and the northern star was clearly visible. He quickly set off making sure to keep to the hedgerows and clear of any roads. He also decided he would travel only at night and hide during the day, his best hope of being undetected.

After a short while he came across a stream to which he walked along it for at least a mile in case they used tracker dogs.

It was starting to get light when he came across a small farm. He crept around the barn and found it unlocked. Inside was nothing but some farming equipment and a lot of hay. It looked inviting as he was now very tired. He climbed the ladder to the hay loft, covered himself in hay and promptly feel asleep.

* * *

Ryan was woken by the sound of someone climbing the ladder. He was sure he couldn't be seen as he had covered himself generously with hay the night before but he still held his breath. Suddenly a pitch fork entered the hay missing him by inches, his heart leapt into his mouth. As the fork pulled away it took with it a large clump of hay, exposing him. Before him stood a boy, blond slim and slightly tanned. He was shirtless but was wearing bib overalls.

The boy had his back to him as he dropped the hay over the side of the loft. Ryan froze not sure what to do. The boy turned then saw him. His eyes widened in surprise. He turned and was about to shout out when Ryan jumped up grabbing him, covering his mouth with his hand and pulling him back down into the Hay.

The boy struggled but Ryan held him fast, his cries muffled by Ryan's hand. Movement could be heard below.

"Gunther!" A voice called out. "Gunther, Wo bist du?"

Ryan's heart was beating hard, he could feel the boy's heart too. He guessed Gunther was the boy's name.

"Der verdammte Bub. Der hängt nur faul rum," the voice said.

Gunther stopped struggling but his breathing was hard. The movement from below disappeared as who ever it was left the barn. Ryan hadn't realised how intimate they were, his mouth was right next to the boy's ear and his ass was nestled tight into his groin.

He was now faced with a dilemma, what should he do with the boy? Killing him seemed like the only option.