 Chapter 10 -- Ryan's Story -- The Farm boy

The boy kept perfectly still as Ryan contemplated what he should do with him. He could kill him, this was war after all but he didn't really want to do that, not if he could help it. He could tie the boy up but someone would come looking for him and he didn't want to have to leave just yet as it was still early in the day. The boy reminded him of his Tommy, blond and slim and roughly the same age, probably a little older, nineteen or twenty. 

Gunther seemed to relax, Ryan was confused as to why. He looked at the boy and noticed the boy was looking sideways at him. His breathing still deep but instead of fear he saw excitement. Ryan slowly moved his arm from round the boys waist and looked down over his shoulder. He could see clearly down the boy's overall, he wasn't wearing any underwear and the boy was hard, his erection sticking straight up.

Ryan looked back at Gunther in surprise but Gunther mistook the look for anger and began struggle again.

"No, it's ok, calm down," Ryan said pulling him tight back into him.

Ryan then gently caressed the boy's bare chest and Gunther let out a long low moan, relaxing at the same time. Ryan's hand ventured lower then slipped down into the overalls where he wrapped his fingers around the boy's manhood. Ryan nibbled on his ear as he moved his hand from his mouth. Gunther had now totally surrendered himself to Ryan.

"Oh Ja," he groaned.

Ryan was now hard and he knew Gunther could feel it too as he was wiggling his ass into Ryan's crotch. Ryan let go of his cock and unfastened the buttons on his overall. Then with some help from Gunther he pushed them down to his ankles. The boy was now virtually naked and Ryan took hold of the boy's hard cock. He only stroked it twice before Gunther groaned and ejaculated.

Long ropes of cum flew high in the air. Ryan was in awe, he had never seen anyone cum like this before. They travelled at least six feet up from where they lay and came crashing back down on the naked teen. Either this was his first time or the boy had a hair trigger.

Just as Gunther finished spewing his load Ryan span him round and kissed him hard, he knew he had to get this kid on his side. Initially Gunther tried to resist but he eventually yielded to Ryan's incessant tongue.

Ryan freed his cock and pushed Gunther down to it. They boy gasped when he saw the size of it but he didn't hesitate putting it in his mouth. Ryan could tell this was definitely his first time as Gunther gagged halfway down. His inexperience frustrated Ryan, he needed something more substantial so he pulled Gunther up and was pleased to see the boy was still erect. He sucked in his cock knowing this was the best way to distract him for what he wanted to do next.

Gunther groaned with delight at his first blow job, Ryan guessed that if he hadn't already cum he would be blasting another load into his mouth right now. Ryan scooped up some cum from Gunther's chest onto his fingers and applied it at the boy's hole. Gunther squealed with delight at yet another new wonderful sensation. Ryan's finger slipped in easily and the boy clawed at Ryan's hair. Eventually he had three fingers in and Gunther was going wild with lust as he was finger fucked. Gunther shook as he delivered another load into Ryan's mouth. 

Ryan pulled him up and got him to squat over his cock. Gunther's eyes widened when he realised what Ryan was about to do.

"Scheisse, dass wird wehtun!" he said.

Gunther seemed reluctant but Ryan was very forceful. His cock slowly breached the boy's sphincter and he cried out in pain. Ryan quickly put his hand over his mouth. Gunther leaned forward wrapped his arms round Ryan's neck and put his head on his shoulder. His face was contorted with pain. Ryan cooed in his ear and stroked his back knowing that the pain would soon pass. After a short while Ryan decided to continue so he pushed Gunther down further on to his cock. The boy looked at Ryan, no longer in pain but his mouth agape at the sheer sensation of having a nine inch cock slide into his rectum.

When Ryan was completely in the boy looked down and saw his ass sitting on Ryan's pubes. He felt around them not quite believing that such a big thing could enter his ass. Ryan lifted him up then let him slither back down and Gunther groaned at the sensation. Gunther got the idea and began fucking himself on Ryan still with his arms round Ryan's neck. He looked down to watch the huge cock slide in and out of his ass but Ryan pulled his head up and kissed him passionately.

Gunther became wild and was now slamming him self down on Ryan's cock, groaning loudly and in a very high pitched voice in Ryan's mouth. Gunther slammed himself down one last time and stopped, he was almost screaming in Ryan's mouth when Ryan felt his ass pulsate and something warm and wet hit his chin. Gunther was blasting out another load. The boy had cum from just being fucked, Ryan found this such a turn on that he couldn't hold back is orgasm. He lifted Gunther up and holding him there fucked the boy hard. He shook as he blasted his cum into the boy's hole.

Gunther collapsed on Ryan and they lay there for at least five minutes before he moved. He kissed Ryan tenderly then looked him in the eye.

"Wieso bist du hier?" he said.

Ryan couldn't speak a word of German, "I don't understand you," he replied.

"Are you English?"

"No, American," Ryan replied, glad that the boy could speak some English.

"My name is Gunther," 

"Ryan."

"Wait here, I'll be back." Gunther said as he pulled on his overalls.

He quickly disappeared down the ladder and Ryan suddenly became worried. Was the boy going to turn him in. He was about to pull up his trousers and leg it out of there when the boy returned with a wet cloth. He made Ryan lay back down and lovingly wiped off all the cum. He even washed down Ryan's now flaccid cock, giving it the occasional kiss and suck. Once Ryan was clean he pulled his trousers back up and lay down exhausted. Gunther lay next to him burying his head in Ryan's neck.

Ryan couldn't believe what had just happened. He didn't understand why so many young men took a shine to him, and why were they always blond? Ryan lay there contemplating what to do next as the boy gave him small butterfly kisses up his neck. This was interrupted by Ryan's stomach growling loudly.

Gunther sat up, "You hungry?"

"Come to think of it yes I am."

Gunther disappeared down the ladder and ran out the barn. Ryan couldn't believe his luck, a German boy that wanted to help him. At least he was going to be fed, he'd be able to travel farther on a full stomach.

Ryan laid back in the hay, he could hear angry voices. It sounded like Gunther and the man from earlier, he thought maybe his father. After about twenty minutes Gunther came back carrying a cheesecloth bundle. It contained bread, cheese, sausage and an apple.

"Thank you."

Gunther smiled at him. As Ryan ate Gunther carried on with pitching the hay. He didn't think the boy was particularly handsome but he sure was sexy. Ryan liked how his overall would give him glimpses of his nakedness underneath as he worked. Gunther kept looking over at Ryan and smiling.

Eventually Gunther threw the pitchfork to one side, unfastened the clips on his overalls and let them fall to his ankles. The boy was hard. Ryan smiled as Gunther got on his knees and attempted to pull Ryan's cock out from his trousers.

"No, no, too soon," Ryan objected. Gunther looked hurt, "Later," he added and kissed the boy.

Gunther smiled and snuggled into Ryan's lap burying his head in his neck. Ryan stroked Gunther's erection and the boy whimpered at his touch. It wasn't long before Ryan had coaxed out another load, not as much as the first but it still hit Gunther in the face and covered his chest.

"You cum so much," Ryan commented.

Gunther quickly got up, pulled up his overalls and made his way down the ladder. As he was descending he looked over at Ryan.

"Stay, I come back" he said then slid down.

Ryan made himself comfortable and drifted off to sleep.

* * *

Ryan was kissing Tommy, it felt wonderful to be with his love again. The kiss was soft and sensual and Ryan's heart overflowed with joy.

"I love you with all my heart," he said.

"I know," replied Tommy.

The kiss never stopped.

"I'm sorry I cheated on you."

"You did what you had to do."

"But I used them, to get what I wanted. To get to you."

"Stop talking and just kiss me."

"But we are kissing."

"How can we be kissing if you're talking."

That's right! How can we be talking and kissing at the same time? Ryan opened his eyes and saw Gunther kissing him. His heart sank, the dream felt so real.

Ryan sat up, it was getting dark, how long had he slept? Gunther picked up a bowl and some bread and handed them to Ryan, it was warm and full of broth, it smelt wonderful. Ryan ate as the boy sat and watched. Once Ryan finished the broth he stood. Gunther stood too, confused. 

"It's late, I have to go," Ryan said as he headed for the ladder but Gunther grabbed his arm.

"No! Don't go, stay, I can care you."

Ryan looked at Gunther, "I'm sorry, but I must get home. You've been wonderful to me but I love someone else."

Ryan broke free, Gunther dropped to the floor and put his head in his hands. Ryan felt bad for him but he needed to go. Before he got to the ladder he heard voices from outside the barn. Gunther looked up, his eyes teary.

"Soldiers!"