 Let me begin by telling you a little bit about myself. I would define my sexual orientation as "bisexual" (sort of). I love sex with women. When it comes to men, I am only really sexually attracted to them for the thought of being submissive to a dominant guy. I have no desire to put my dick in another guys ass, but I LOVE sucking cock and getting fucked in my ass. Anyway, the following story is 100% true, and it was one of my very earliest sexual experiences.

When I was about 18 years old, I lived on an Army base with my mother and my stepfather. I have no brothers or sisters, so it was just the three of us. We lived in a some sort of apartments that were for enlisted men. It was a 2 story apartment with 2 bedrooms, both of which were on the second floor. When we moved to this places, we moved away from my girlfriend back home. I barely knew anyone, and I really missed sex with my girlfriend. Being 18, I was constantly horny, and I now had to rely on masturbation to find some relief.

Anyway, one day my stepfather announced that we would be having a guest come stay with us for a while. His name was Kevin. He was a young man about 23 or 24 years old, and he was a newly enlisted guy in my stepfathers platoon. Kevin seemed like a nice enough guy, and because he was somewhat close to my age (compared to my mother and stepfather anyway), he and I would hang out sometimes, throwing the football around or whatever.

Because there were only two bedrooms, it was decided that Kevin would share a room with me. We had separate beds (actually, Kevin just slept on a mattress on the floor), and we would lay awake at night and talk about random things. My parents always turned their TV and/or radio on when they went to bed, and kept them on all night. My stepfather always said it was because he had to have some kind of background noise to sleep, but I assumed that it was also to give him and my mom some privacy and keep me from hearing what they were doing in their room.

One night, Kevin and I were talking, and he kept complaining about how much his back was hurting. He asked me if I would mind giving him a back massage. He said it would really help him sleep. I hesitated at first; it seemed like a lot of effort on my part, plus I wasn't really excited about the thought of rubbing another guy's body. Kevin said he actually had some experience giving massages professionally, and made a fine sales pitch to convince me that it wouldn't be "gay" to just give a back massage. He assured me that if I gave him a massage, then he would do the same for me. When I was a kid, I used to LOVE having my back rubbed, it was so relaxing, so I decided to accepted his offer. 

He and I were both wearing nothing but our underwear. I got down on the mattress with him on the floor, and he laid on his stomach. I proceeded to give him a back massage the best I could. It was actually more like a back rub, but he seemed to be pleased with it. He then rolled over onto his back, and asked me to rub his chest as well. I did as he asked, and I couldn't help but notice the bulge in the front of his underwear. His cock was obviously hard. I found the sight of his stiff cock surprisingly attractive. I couldn't explain it; I can't look at another guy's hairy body and think it is sexy, but that stiff bulge in his underwear sure stirred something primal inside me. I felt my cock begin to stiffen just a little as I stared at his bulge.

After several minutes, he said it was my turn. I told him that was good, because I was starting to get tired. He told me to lay on my stomach, which I did. He then proceeded to rub my back. As his fingers danced around on my back, he would occasionally let his hand slip down to my butt and give it a slight stroke. This felt really good, and I could tell it wouldn't be long before I was asleep. Kevin then told me to roll over onto my back, and he would rub my chest for me. I rolled over, and he proceeded to run his hands up and down my chest and stomach. I laid there, enjoying the feeling, and I felt my eyes begin to close. Kevin didn't seem to mind, and he kept on rubbing. As I lay there with my eyes fully shut, I began to feel a stirring in the pit of my stomach again. I felt my cock begin to stiffen. This all felt really good. It was then that I noticed that each of Kevins strokes in the massage would go lower and lower down my stomach towards my cock. Immediately, I felt embarrassed. I knew this was wrong. I thought about opening my eyes and telling him to stop....but It felt SO GOOD. I decided to just lay there and see what would happen. Suddenly, I felt his hand brush up against my stiff cock. My cock immediately stiffened up even more, and a wave of strong pleasure swept over my body. This was it....I Was hooked. 

At this point, Kevin paused briefly, and I heard him whisper "Are you still awake". Of course, I was awake, but I decided not to answer him and just lay there with my eyes closed and let him believe I was asleep. I figured this way I didn't have to feel ashamed by what was happening because I "wasn't in control". When I didn't respond, I heard Kevin get up from the mattress, and I could hear him scuffling around in the room for a few seconds. I didn't know what he was doing, but I didn't want to open my eyes to find out and let him know I was awake. After a few brief minutes, he returned to the mattress. He began to massage me again, and this time his hands were much more liberal with rubbing up against my rock hard cock inside my underwear. The feeling was amazing, and I noticed my breathing began to get shallow. 

Then, something totally unexpected happened. I felt him pull my underwear foreword, and I felt his hand actually touching my cock. The pleasure was getting intense, and it was everything I could do to not make any noise or let him know I was still awake. He rubbed my cock a few times with his hand, then he gently grabbed the tip of my cock between his thumb and forefingers. He began to stroke my cock up and down. I wanted to DIE because this felt so incredibly intense. He stroked my cock slowly at first, then his pace began to quicken. As I lay there, eyes shut, I was feeling a pleasure more intense than anything I had ever known. My entire body was simply overwhelmed by this new sensation, and I hoped it would never end. His pace got quicker and quicker, and no matter how good it felt, I had to remain motionless to keep up the illusion that I was still asleep. 

Then it happened. One particular wave of pleasure swept over my body, and I got this intense feeling of total abandon. I was totally committed to this feeling, and nothing in the world could stop it. His hand was so rhythmic and unyielding. I knew I was getting close to cumming, and I wondered if I could maintain the illusion of being asleep while ejaculating. I passed the point of no return, and I could feel my facial muscles cringing slightly as my cock exploded a load of cum all over my stomach. The first shot was so intense, that a little cum actually landed on my face. I lay there soaking in the total satisfaction that I had just experienced. I felt Kevin using his fingers to wipe the cum off of my stomach. When he finally wiped the few drops off of my face, I felt something that I was totally unprepared for. He stuck his cum covered finger into my mouth. Although I was startled, the sheer perverse thrill of the moment caused me to just submit and I began to gently suck the cum off of his finger. It tasted a little disgusting, but it made me feel so cheap and dirty (which I liked a LOT). Here I was, sucking my own cum off of the finger of a guy who had just jerked me off because he thought I was asleep. I pretended to be asleep in an effort to make this all happen. I was such a dirty little slut.

Within a few seconds, my cock began to soften, and the intense feeling started to subside. Kevin got up from the mattress, and I could hear him at the foot of the bed.

"I know you're awake" he said very plainly. I was startled. Surely he didn't know. I kept my eyes closed, hoping that he was just testing me to see if I really was awake or not.

"You can stop pretending now. Sleeping people don't make faces like that when they cum, and they don't suck cum off of fingers like you did. Open your eyes and show me that you were awake the whole time and that you wanted to be used by a guy of his sexual pleasure."

With that, I decided that the jig was up; he knew. I opened my eyes and began to sit up. It was then that I noticed what Kevin had been up to. When he had first gotten up off of the mattress, it was to set up a video camera at the foot of the bed. He had recorded the entire incident, including the part where I basically admitted (by opening my yes) that I was a willing and AWAKE participant in all of this, and that I let a guy jerk me off and feed me my own cum.

Kevin told me that things were about to change. He knew that my parents could NEVER see this tape. My step-father was an army guy (a real manly man), and my mom was a very old fashioned type of woman. They would never understand, and it would crush them to learn what I had done. Kevin knew all of this, and he said that they would never see the tape as long as I played ball with him. He told me that he had a very active sex drive, and from now on I was going to be his sex toy. He would fuck me whenever he wanted, and I would submit to his whims at any time and in any place. If I ever protested, even once, the tape would be shown to my parents. 

"Besides" he said, "you really enjoyed that. You are a cock hungry little slut, so you should enjoy the things I have in store for you. Now go to sleep and get a good night's rest, because you're going to have a full day tomorrow. You're parents are leaving early to go running errands, and you and I are going to take a shower to begin lesson one. In lesson one you will learn how to swallow cum without spilling any. Good night."

I laid down and closed my eyes. I was devastated. It was one thing to let this guy jerk me off "in my sleep", but he was taking this to a whole new level. I was sick to my stomach at the thought of my parents ever seeing this video, and I was also worried about the things Kevin would want me to do. I lay there trying desperately to think of a way out of this predicament, and wishing desperately that I had never agreed to the massages. Eventually I drifted off to sleep, unsure of what the coming days would bring.

Be sure to look for more stories in my "Adventures with Kevin...." series. 