 Chapter 8 – Ryan's Story – The escape plan

The prison camp was comfortable enough. Eight bunks to each barrack holding a total of sixteen men. The barracks were separated according to county so naturally Ryan was housed in one with all Americans. Each of the barracks had a stove for heating, not very efficient during the winter months but it helped. Showers were had in a separate building which most of the time didn't have hot water.

Ryan was depressed beyond belief. On their way to their objective his whole troop had been ambushed and he lost ten good men under his command. He felt personally responsible for this although intel hadn't warned him about enemy troop movements in the area, he hadn't known they were heading into a trap. Thinking of Tommy and his son made his depression worse and all he wanted to do now was get back to them. 

He volunteered to join escape gangs, these were set up by the escape committee and would draw out various plans to escape the camp. The escape committee was run by senior officers and it would be them alone that would approve an escape plan. Ryan tried several escape attempts but all of them failed. The last one was the worst, six men died in the attempt and Ryan nearly lost his life.

He'd had plenty of time to think about his brief time with Tommy. How could he forget his big blue eyes and that cute button nose that sat exquisitely above those succulent plump lips? Or his soft silky blond hair that needed constantly to be brushed from his face. He would always get aroused when thinking of him in this way and there wasn't much opportunity for relief when you're incarcerated with several hundred men.

He remembered that first night they had made love. He couldn't sleep, couldn't get Tommy off his mind. It drove him crazy and he ended up walking the streets till the early hours to clear his head. The vision of Tommy's face after that first kiss was vivid, the wanton look of desire was too much for him and he did something that night he never thought would ever happen. It was better than he had ever imagined, more intense, infinitely better than any woman including his wife.

Ryan had always known he was attracted to other men ever since he and his cousins would mess around in his father's barn. To them it was just experimenting but he knew he wanted, no needed something more. 

It scared him when Tommy used the word Love. He hadn't considered the consequences when he seduced him. He didn't really know what he was expecting but hearing "I love you" sent his mind in a spin. It didn't occur to him that Tommy might feel that way yet looking back it was exactly how he felt. For two days he tried to forget him, put him out of his mind. But when he got his orders he just had so see him one more time before he was shipped out to France. He's glad he did. He now knew for sure that he is hopelessly in love with Tommy.

One night he was sitting at the back of his barracks smoking, the full moon providing more than enough illumination to light the whole area. Tonight would not have been a good one for an escape. Ryan's thoughts turned to Tommy and the wonderful night they had spent together before he was shipped out to France. Even though he was among hundreds of men he felt so alone. 

"You shouldn't be out here," a voice said from his left, thick with German accent.

Ryan didn't bother looking up. "So shoot me then."

The guard laughed, "Perhaps I should just put you in solitary."

He knew it was Hans and Shultz on their rounds. Hans was a youngish man, probably in his late thirties and much too out of shape to serve on the front line. He was quite jolly but could be ruthless when he needed. Shultz was a cute nineteen year old soldier, far too cute to have been enlisted Ryan thought. It bothered him that he looked so much like Tommy in his build and looks.

It wasn't permitted to be outside after dark but he knew when Hans and Shultz were on their rounds they didn't mind as long as you didn't push your luck.

"What so you could have your wicked way with me?" Ryan joked.

Shultz's face dropped but Hans laughed. "As handsome as you are, I still prefer my wife," he joked. "Just don't stay out too long."

Ryan watched as they walked away. Shultz kept looking back.

Ryan finished his cigarette and stood but instead of heading back into the barracks he made his way into the shower block. This time of night it was quiet and he needed desperately to relieve himself. He knew Hans wouldn't be round this way again for at least an hour.

Inside he settled under one of the showers. The moonlight and occasional search light illuminating the otherwise dark and damp interior. He dropped his trousers and briefs and stroked his hardening cock. He put his head back against the wall and closed his eyes. Images of Tommy danced in his mind, of them kissing, sucking each other and Ryan fucking him. He longed to be in his arms once more but the war seemed to be dragging on forever.

As Ryan was approaching his climax he was startled by a noise. He opened his eyes and saw two british soldiers watching him.

"What the fuck?" Ryan whispered trying to pull up his trousers.

"No, please don't stop on our account," the older of the two said.

Ryan knew of him, a British Commander by the name of Arthur Babbage. He was on the escape committee with Ryan. He knew him to be in his early forties with balding hair and a fairly handsome if not rugged face. The soft moonlight seemed to take years off him however. The other soldier he didn't know but he looked young, around nineteen Ryan guessed. Tall, slim, lanky with a hook nose but with large puppy dog eyes that made him look cute.

"I'm not going to jerk off in front of you guys," Ryan protested.

"Why not? We came in here for the same reason," Arthur replied.

Ryan noticed that the young soldier was staring at his crotch.

"I'm not queer," Ryan said.

"Really?" Arthur moved closer. "So who's Tommy?"

"What? How do you know him?"

"You was calling his name as you was jerking off as you yanks put it."

Ryan didn't know what to say, he felt his face redden, it looked like he'd been outed. This could end very badly.

Arthur laughed at seeing Ryan's embarrassment. "Don't worry, we're on the same team," he said. Then to Ryan's amazement he turned and grabbed the younger man's crotch.

The young soldier groaned and pushed his groin out more. Ryan could clearly see the obscene bulge in his trousers. 

"This is Geoffrey," Arthur said as he unfastened the young soldiers belt, "and up until now he had the biggest dick I have ever seen."

Ryan stared as Arthur bent down and pulled Geoffrey's trousers and briefs down letting a very large cock swing free and upwards.

"Wow," Ryan gasped.

"Beautiful, isn't it," Arthur said.

It was. Ryan had never seen such a large cock other than his own. Unlike his own which stood out and up this one was pointing fully up. He was drawn to it and without realising he walked over and stroked it causing Geoffrey to moan.

"Let me see yours," Geoffrey whispered.

Ryan let his trousers fall to his ankles and his hardening cock fell free. Geoffrey immediately wrapped his fingers round it. Ryan groaned, it had been months since he felt another hand on him. In seconds he was as hard as granite. Then to Ryan's surprise Geoffrey dropped to his knees and began sucking on the head of his cock. Getting a blow job was the last thing he expected.

Arthur joined in too and soon Geoffrey and him were playing tag on Ryan's cock. Ryan was amazed at how Arthur could swallow his whole length, right down to burying his nose in his pubes. It felt amazing as his cock slid down the older man's throat. Geoffrey was trying to match Arthur but kept gagging and it amused Ryan when Arthur began coaching Geoffrey how to open his throat.

To Geoffrey's delight he managed to get Ryan's cock deep in his throat and bury his nose in his pubes. Ryan groaned at the smooth silky feeling.

It was then then Ryan realised they were being watched.

"Fuck! It's Shultz!" Ryan panicked trying to push Geoffrey off. Geoffrey was having none of it and hung on.

Arthur turned round, "You took your time," he said.

"I don't have long," the young German soldier replied.

"We have a new recruit in our gang," Arthur added. "Why don't you give us a hand?"

Ryan watched in disbelief as Shultz placed his rifle down, dropped to his knees and joined Geoffrey in sucking on Ryan's cock.

"Wunderbar," Shultz said just before he devoured him down to his bush.

"He's been practising on Geoffrey," Arthur explained.

"You three?"

"Yeah, he caught me and Geoffrey one night and instead of turning us over he joined in," Arthur continued. "It has it's benefits, he's been getting us extras, you know, fags and soap, even chocolate."

Ryan didn't know what to say, he watched as his cock slithered down the throats of Geoffrey and Shultz in turn. Every time Shultz looked up at Ryan it bought back memories of Tommy.

"I want to fuck you," Ryan said.

Shultz smiled, stood and dropped his trousers. Geoffrey stood too so Shultz bent over and swallowed him. Ryan positioned himself behind the young soldier but before he just went ahead and penetrated him he stooped and licked out his ass. Shultz groaned with pleasure. Arthur went behind Geoffrey and did the same.

Once he was satisfied that Shultz was sufficiently lubed he stood and aimed his still wet cock at the waiting hole. He was surprised at how easy he slid in, realising that Shultz was no virgin.

Ryan found it was like fucking Tommy, it helped him imagine that he was. The only thing spoiling the illusion was the German uniform but this sort of amused Ryan. It's what the uniform represented, in a way he was fucking the German army. This thought spurred him on to fuck Shultz deep and hard.

"Oh god yeah, fuck me!" 

Ryan thought it was Shultz that spoke but when he looked up he realised it was Geoffrey. He saw that Arthur was now fucking him. His head was flung back on Arthurs shoulder and Arthur had unfastened his shirt and was playing with his nipples. It was quite an erotic sight.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" Geoffrey announced.

Ryan looked over and sure enough his testicles had fully retracted into his body, a sure sign he was about to blow. Geoffrey lurched and gasping loudly delivered his load into Shultz's mouth. Arthur too grunted and it seemed that he too was filling up Geoffrey's bowels. It's then Ryan realised that Shultz was coming as his anus was pulsating and clamping tight on his cock. This caused his own orgasm to wash over him. He gasped as he filled the young German with his seed.

A minute later after they had regained their breath Arthur pulled up his trousers. "Time to go," he said.

"Ja, otherwise I put you in solitary." Shultz joked.

"You want to join us again sometime?" Arthur asked Ryan.

"Yeah, I guess so."

"We don't meet too often, don't want to raise suspicion, can't be too careful," Arthur said. "I'll let you know when the next time will be."

Arthur then kissed Geoffrey passionately. It's the first time Ryan had ever seen two men kissing other than himself and Tommy. It surprised him how natural it seemed. Shultz grabbed his rifle but before leaving turned to Ryan smiling.

"Danke," he said.

* * *

The next day Ryan was watching the British soldiers playing football when Arthur approached him.

"Hey Ryan, how's it going?"

"Could be better. You know like being back with my Tommy," Ryan replied quiet enough that he wasn't overheard.

"Yeah, I suppose so."

"How's Geoffrey?"

"He's fine. Getting horny again though and it's going to be a few days before we can get together again."

"If he's horny now, I guess he'll be rampant by then," Ryan laughed.

"Tell me about it! He saves it up for our get togethers and by then he's like a bitch on heat."

They both laughed. Ryan felt comfortable with this English officer.

"I have a message for you, from Shultz." Arthur said

"Really? What does he want?"

"Want's you to meet him at the back of the shower block at two."

"What for?"

"Don't know, just said to meet him."

"Is it a trap?"

"I don't think so. Do you want me to come with you?"

"No, I should be fine. I can take care of myself."

"When this war is over why don't you come to London? I have a small guest house in the West end. It's exclusive for people like us."

"People like us?" Ryan asked not sure what that meant.

"Yeah, you know, guys who like guys. Before the war we as doing a roaring trade, especially weekends. But it's strictly hush hush. On the outside it looks like an ordinary hotel but we only let in homo's."

"How do they find out about it?"

"Word of mouth."

"What's it called?"

"The Mayflower Guest House. A close friend is looking after it for me. Why don't you bring your Tommy?"

"Yeah, I will. It's a date!"

"Gotta go, but I'm looking forward to tasting your meat again soon," Arthur said before he disappeared.

Ryan laughed but felt embarrassed at Arthurs forwardness.

At around 2pm Ryan made his way to the shower block but didn't see any sign of Shultz. He stayed around for ten minutes before Shultz finally showed up smiling.

"Ryan, I glad you come," he said.

"I'm intrigued, what is it that you want?"

"Here."

Shultz handed Ryan two packets of cigarettes and a bar of chocolate.

"What, for me?"

Shultz nodded.

"Wow, thanks. But why?"

Shultz smiled, then looked around to make sure no one was looking before kissing Ryan on the cheek. "Ich liebe dich.," he said.

Ryan didn't know what that meant but he could see the young German soldier seem to be attracted to him. This is bizarre he thought.

"I not duty tonight but meet me in shower after guard leave area," Shultz said.

"Tonight?"

"Ja, midnight."

He knew what Shultz wanted and as he watched the German soldier boy walk off an escaped plan formulated in his head.