 When I woke up the next morning, the memories of the night before flooded back into my head. I wasn't sure if it had really happened, or if it had been a dream. I looked over to the bed but Kevin wasn't there, so I got up, put on some shorts, and headed downstairs.

When I got downstairs, I noticed that everyone was already up and about. My mother and stepfather were already dressed, and were just finishing up breakfast. I knew they were planning on going out of the house for several hours this morning, and apparently they were almost ready to leave. This sent a wave of panic through my body, because I knew what Kevin had told me the night before. He had plans for me for this morning while they were gone. Just then, Kevin came out of the kitchen with a cup of coffee. He was wearing a bath robe. He smiled at me and winked. I felt my heart sink because I knew then that last night had NOT been a dream. It had been very real, and Kevin was planning to use me for his pleasure once my mom and step-dad left. I had to try to think of a way out of it.

"So, where are you two headed today" I asked my mom.

"Well, we've got to run to the store to get some clothes for our trip this weekend. After that, we've got to go to the bank, and then we were probably going to catch a movie and grab some lunch. We should be back later this afternoon."

I sensed an opportunity to get myself away from Kevin. 

"Do you mind if I go with you?" I asked.

"I guess not" my mom replied, "but we will be leaving soon, so you better hurry up and get dressed."

I was ecstatic. This would get me out of the house and away from Kevin for the day. It would give me some time to think about my predicament. I looked over at Kevin, and I could tell he wasn't happy. He stared straight at me with an intense gaze.

Suddenly he spoke out to my stepfather "Hey, don't leave just yet. I've got this video I want you to see. I think you'll find it very interesting." Kevin got up and headed upstairs. I was panic stricken. I know he said he would show them the video if I disobeyed him, but now it was actually going to happen! I couldn't let him do that. I immediately got up and followed him upstairs. As I entered the bedroom, I saw Kevin with the tape in his hand. 

"Please don't" I begged him.

Kevin looked scornfully at me. "Didn't I tell you that you would do EXACTLY what I wanted or else?" he asked. I nodded my head. "Well, you fucked up with that little stunt downstairs. You know I want you here with me today, don't you." Again, I nodded yes. "Well, now you have to pay the consequences."

"Please" I said, "I'll do what you want."

"Too late" Kevin snapped as he brushed past me and out into the hallway. He was going to go downstairs and play the tape for my mom and step-father, and they would see what a deviant little slut boy I had been for Kevin. A wave of urgency fell over me, and I followed Kevin into the hallway. I stepped in front of him and again pleaded.

"Please Kevin.....PLEASE! I swear, I'll do whatever you want. Just PLEASE don't show them the tape."

Kevin thought for a moment, then he said in a soft voice "get down on your knees". I did as he asked. Then he said "Now tell me that you are mine and that you SWEAR to do what I say." I swallowed hard. This was difficult. "I am yours Kevin, and I swear to do what you say....no matter what."

Kevin smiled. He knew that he had me now. 

"OK my little slut" he said as he opened his robe. He pulled his shorts down to his knees, and let his cock hang right in front of my face. "Show me how committed you are. Start sucking my cock". I knew I had no choice. I took Kevins cock in my mouth and began to suck on it. It immediately stiffened until it was hard. I heard Kevin moan softly as my mouth slid back and forth on his, now fully erect, cock.

"Hurry up" I heard my mother yell from downstairs, "we need to get going."

"Never mind" yelled Kevin, "I can't find the tape. I'll show it to you later."

"I pried my mouth off of Kevins cock just long enough to add "I changed my mind, I think I'll just hang out here today."

"Alright," my mom replied "well, we're leaving. We'll see you guys later today." With that, I heard a jingle of keys, and the I heard the door shut, and I could hear the lock being turned. They were gone, and I was now at Kevin's mercy.

As I returned my attention to Kevins cock, he said to me "Now slut, I told you that today you would learn how to swallow cum without spilling a drop. Suck my cock until I cum in your mouth. For now, I'll tell you when I'm about to cum so you can prepare yourself. Eventually, you need to learn your masters body and you should be able to tell when I am about to cum without me saying anything. When I start to cum, you need to take my cock as deeply in your mouth as you can, relax your throat, and hold your breath. If you do it right, the cum will simply slide down your throat. If you do it wrong, you will gag and spit some of the cum back up. We don't want that. You MUST learn to swallow it all today. By the time your parents get back, if you still can't do it, then I will show them the tape. Do you understand?"

I nodded yes. 

"Good, now keep sucking".

So here I was, on my knees in the hallway sucking Kevins dick at a furious pace. I was obviously doing it right because Kevin was moaning and grunting and saying things like "hell yeah!" and "oh damn that's good". I could feel the head of his cock sliding over my tongue and ramming into the back of my throat. Kevin grabbed my head and began to actually pump his hips foreowrd and back, ramming his cock into my mouth.  

After a short time, I felt his cock head swell up, and Kevin blurted out "This is it bitch. I'm cumming!"

I did as he had instructed. I relaxed my throat muscles and slid his cock in as far as I could manage. I started to take a deep breath to hold it, when I suddenyl felt a gush of hot liquid running down the back of my throat. I don't know if it was just because it caught me off guard, or if it was because I was taking a deep breath at the time, but I immediately began to gag and choke and cough. Sure enough, I let Kevins dick slip from my mouth, and large gobs of cum erupted from my lips and sprayed all down my chest. Kevins cock wasn't quite empty, as it sent another shot or two of thick cum onto my face.

I gasped for air, and sat there coughing and trying to get my breath back. Kevin looked down and smiled.

"Not too bad for a first time whore." he said. "But remember what I said, you better get this down by the time your parents get back." 

I nodded, and reached up to start to wipe the cum from my face. Kevin grabbed my hand.

"Oh, no you don't" he said. "If you don't want it on you, then you keep it all in your mouth. The cum stays where it lands."

My humiliation was complete. For the rest of the day we just sat around the apartment watching tv. I was his little cum covered slut. He simply lay on the couch naked, and every 30 minutes to an hour he would call me over to suck his cock. It took several more tries before I could manage to swallow all of the cum, but I finally did learn how. It wasn't easy. I had sucked his cock at least 8 or 9 times throughout the day, and I had several loads of cum now dried on my face as reminders of my earlier failures. Once I got the technique down and could swallow his entire load, Kevin had me suck him off and then keep his cock in my mouth until it had softened completely.

Finally, at about 4 o'clock, Kevin said "well, your parents should be home soon. You better go hit the shower and wash all that cum off. You did good today though, and you earned yourself a ticket to the next level of training. Go get cleaned up now."

I headed upstairs and jumped in the shower. The cum was very sticky and somewhat difficult to wash off. As I sat there under the warm flowing water, I wondered what else lay in store for me in the future.

Continued in "Adventure With Kevin, Part 3"....