 "Shit!" Peter said the cabin heater finally gave up its unequal struggle to keep up with the cold; announcing its capitulation with a plaintive whine, then hiss as the steam pressure bled away uselessly.

"Hmm?" Eric mumbled in his sleep. "What are you going on about?" 

Peter rolled over to his side, barely able to make out his friend outline in the dim moonlight streaming in through the small cabin window.

"The heater man, it's dead. Piece of shit!" he explained. "In a couple of hours, it's going to be freezing in here, or at least bloody cold."

Already he could feel the chill in the air, with each breath he took in, the cold permeated deeper into his lungs. And it was barely midnight. By morning it could be below zero he thought to himself.

"That's no good," Eric agreed, sitting up in concern. "What do we do?"

Peter was silent for a moment or two, not thinking of a solution, but of how this skiing trip had turned out to be such a bust. Four packages and it was only the bloody two of them. Why? Because Eric's girlfriend had to go and break her ankle. While he admitted it wasn't her fault, it left Peter frustrated. Without a female partner, Samantha, his fiancée, was not keen on being shacked up with a third wheel. She therefore opted out, saying that it could just be the guys. Great! So much for a weekend of snow and sex. Now it was just snow... and cold. 

"Let's not forget about the cold!" his brain cheerfully reminded him.

"Fuck off," he said back; a bit too loud. Eric heard part of that.

"Fuck what?" he asked

"Nothing; just talking to myself," Peter explained. "I'm not fucking anything," he added on impulse, not really knowing why he said any more.

"I hope not," replied Eric. "'Cause unless you have a blow-up doll hidden in your bed, you ain't getting' nuthin'"

"Don't remind me," Peter muttered. Then he gave a sigh. "Doesn't matter anyway. Who'd wanna screw in this lousy icebox?"

"I would," Eric offered. "If the sex is hot enough, the cold wouldn't bother me; not with my cock in Wendy's tight pussy. Mmmm"

"Yeah," agreed Peter. "If Samantha was here right now, I'd bend her over and fuck her silly."

"Stick your cock in her tight pussy?" Eric asked, with an odd intensity; almost as if he were actually asking for details.

"Sure man, pussy or ass."

"You fucked Samantha in the ass?" Eric asked incredulously.

"Well, no. Not really. I fingered her back there, but that was it. You? Ever had any back-door action?"

"Hah! I should be so lucky," Eric answered with a surprising degree of resentment in his voice. Peter was puzzled at the odd tone in Eric's voice.

"Is there something you're not telling me?" Peter asked, probing his buddy's attitude.

"Truth?" 

"Truth."

"Well, man. Wendy didn't actually break her ankle. She, uh, didn't want to come."

"What?" Peter asked, incredulous. "Why not? I thought she liked Sam and me."

"She does," Eric said reassuringly. "It's just that we're sort of on the outs right now."

Peter now sat up straight, letting his blanket slide down exposing his T-shirted chest to the slowly cooling air. "What the..?" he started. "When did this happen? Why?"

"Last month. She caught me watching porn and freaked."

"Porn," Peter asked, his voice flat with disbelief. "You're in the doghouse because you were watching porn. What the fuck?" 

Then a frightening thought occurred to him. Afraid to ask, but nonetheless compelled to, he did ask.

"It wasn't kiddie porn, was it?"

"Fuck no!" came Eric's vehement response. "That shit's evil."

"So whatever dude," Peter offered, giving his friend some dudely support. "So she saw you getting off on some chick being banged. It's not the end of the world."

"Yeah," barked Eric with a short, unconvincing laugh.

After a moment of thought, Peter started laughing. Softly at first, then louder as the humour of the situation, the irony came flooding into his awareness.

"What's so funny?" Eric demanded, hurt putting an edge to his voice he didn't want.

"Wait a sec," Peter started. "What kind of porn was it?" he finished, still chuckling.

"I don't want to talk about it," came Eric's surly answer. He then turned over in his bed, making it clear the discussion was over.

"Hey man," Peter encouraged. "Whatever floats your boat. It's fine by me."

No answer.

With the silent curtain being pulled between the two beds, Peter felt it best not to push his friend. Instead, he eased his way back into the blankets in a futile effort to ward off the encroaching chill. It was not long before he drifted off to sleep.

The pain in his feet woke him some hours later. The air was unapologetically cold in the cabin now, and in the moonlight, now streaming in directly through the window in the deep night, he could see his breath. 

He shivered uncomfortably, knowing he would never be warm since his body was losing the battle to entropy in the winter night. More so, he could hear Eric shifting around in his bed. 

Eric broke his silence. "Dude, you awake?"

"Y-yeah," Peter spoke through chatter y teeth. He couldn't stop shivering long enough to get a smooth word out. "I-it's s-so c-cold" he stuttered.

"W-we're in deep now," promised Eric morosely. "It's just going to keep getting worse until we can get out of here. I'm freezing and miserable," he added bitterly.

"Get over here," Peter demanded. "Bring your blankets. We'll huddle in one bed together, that way we can keep warmer."

Eric was so cold he didn't even protest. Without a word, he grabbed the blankets off his bed with a decisive whoosh and came over to Peter's bed.

"Scoot over man, make me some room," he instructed, pushing at Peter's hip. Only he meant to push at Peter's hip. Instead his hand accidentally planted itself right on Peters butt cheek.

"Oops! Sorry dude! I didn't mean that!" he explained hastily.

"Hey, did you just touch my ass?" Peter asked with false incredulity. "I'm too cold and numb to be certain."

"Whatever," Eric retorted, not bothering to deny anything. He just wanted to get warm. 

But a few minutes of lying side by side, with an inch wide gulf separating the two men brought them no relief.

"I, uh, think we hafta, you know, snuggle a bit," Peter said. Peter, having trained in cold weather rescue, actually knew what had to be done, but needed his friend to arrive at the proper conclusion himself. It would make things difficult if he came off as being insistent or pedantic.

"Uh, sure," complied Eric. "You want to be the pitcher or catcher?"

"What does that mean?" Peter asked with a chuckle.

"Do you want to be in front or behind?"

"Who's taller?"

"You are," answered Eric. 

"Then I'll go behind. That way I'm not breathing in your hair."

Eric rolled onto his right side, and felt his friend's body come in close, spooning him. He could feel Peter's warm breath against the back of his head. But not much else.

"This isn't working man," he complained after a few minutes of waiting for some semblance of heat to creep back into his aching body.

"You're right man, it isn't" Peter agreed, still not offering up any further instruction.

"Why not? I thought this was supposed to work. I know I'm always toasty in bed with Wendy."

"Are you fully clothed?" queried Peter, leading his friend to the truth.

"Er, no. We're usually naked."

"That's right buddy. You gotta be naked for this to work. Don't you remember anything from lifeguarding?"

"What, from 20 years ago? Who'd remember that stuff?" Eric said.

"Well you having forgotten your training doesn't invalidate it. We have to be skin against skin, otherwise our bodies cannot share heat."

"Fine," Eric acknowledged. "But I'm keeping my underwear on."

"That's okay," Peter said. "We'll have enough to warm us up."

The two friends got undressed and resumed their positions. Finally they started to feel warm. But despite the increasing comfort, and late hour, sleep didn't come to either man. They snuggled together, mutually warding off the chill, each in their own world of thoughts, miles away from each other.

But their proximity was undeniable, and Eric could feel Peter against his ass. In some way it felt as if Peter was actually getting in closer in fact. 

After a moment he was sure. Peter was getting in closer, pressing his crotch up against Eric's butt. Eric could feel heat emanating from Peter's groin now; a warmth radiating outward and upward; offering a catalytic bond between the two men. In an almost involuntary response, Eric pressed back, just a hair, an infinitesimal movement that came out like a clarion call. 

Peter didn't move any more, though. Instead he asked. "That porn you were watching. Was it hot?" Small circles now; unmistakeable.

Eric's breath thickened in his lungs, as if he were breathing molasses. "Yeah, it was."

"What was it Eric? What were you watching?"

Eric answered after a moment's hesitation. But in his mind, a lifetime passed. 

"Two guys."

"What were they doing?" Peter pressed; much in the same way he pressed his groin into Eric's firm ass, feeling himself get oh so slightly hard. Not much, but he knew Eric would be able to feel it.

Eric pushed back slightly, feeling his friend's cock against the crack of his ass, even if through two sets of underwear. "They were fucking."

"Yeah?" Peter asked, now getting hard and gently humping his hips into his friend's behind. "How were they fucking?"

"One guy was riding the other guy's hard cock," Eric described, giving himself into the moment. "Taking it in deep, while the other jacked him."

"Oh yeah?" Peter asked, slowly reaching around. 

Eric felt his friend's hand slide over his hip and start to rub his dick through the soft fabric of his underwear. Peter's fingers curled slightly, almost gripping Eric's growing erection.

"Yeah, like that," confirmed Eric. Though what he was in actuality confirming he no longer knew, or cared. He was lost in a sea of lust, a rising tide he hadn't felt in years. He could feel the hair of his friend's chest against the smooth skin of his back, could feel Peter's hot breath against the back of his neck. Unable to contain his want, his need, he took Peter's hand and guided it into his underwear, to feel for the first time in his life another man gripping his now fully hard dick. 

It felt wonderful, erotic and thrilling. Peter's hand moved with confidence, since he knew what a man would like. Soft and gentle at some moments, firm during others. Eric groaned into the pillow with pleasure, and started when he felt Peter's lips brush the back of his neck.

"Mmmm," Peter heard his friend moan as he slowly jacked his friend. "Take them off," he whispered in Eric's ear. Eric knew what Peter meant, there were no other options, so he reached down and awkwardly slipped his underwear off, not wanting to break contact with his buddy's warm hand. But that contact was broken when he felt Peter pull his underwear off also.

Oh my. 

Eric felt Peter's hard-on pressing into the crack of his ass, a pressure between his cheeks that sent electric thrills up his spine. A cock was near his ass and he loved it. He wanted that cock, wanted it to push into his rectum and fill him.

That didn't happen. Instead he felt Peter shift away, leaving a cool rush of air to fill the space his friend once occupied. The Peter moved downward under the blankets his head pointed to Eric's feet. Eric felt Peter's hand roll him onto his back and then...

Oh god! 

The feeling of his friend's hot mouth on his cock was unbelievable. Wet and soft, tight and loose at the same time. Incredibly, Eric got even harder, the blood pulsing in his prick with an almost painful intensity. He felt his dick being serviced by his best friend and it was magic; like nothing he'd ever felt. Desperate for more experience, more sensation, he grabbed blindly at his friend's legs and pulled him astride his own face, his own mouth. He reached a hand around Peter's muscular thigh and grabbed at Peter's cock. It was hot and hard, with veins tracing an erotic map over the skin. Eric pulled at it manoeuvering it into his hungry mouth. He wanted to taste his friend's dick, wanted it deep into his mouth.

So when his friend's head passed his lips, he sucked it in as deep as it would go. But it couldn't get in deep enough for his hungry mouth, not until he grabbed Peter's ass cheeks and pulled him down into his throat. Up and down, he let his mouth slide along the length of his friend's cock, but his neck started to cramp. As a needy cue, he started to hump his own dick upward into Peter's mouth, hoping his buddy got the hint.

He did. Peter's cock started to thrust downward, deeper and deeper past his tongue, starting to gag Eric. Eric tried to relax his throat muscles, to pull the hot cock all the way in; wanting to feel the hairy base against his sensitive lips. Meanwhile his friend's hot mouth was making him ache with want, with a molten desire to thrust and fuck and cum. His conscious brain was being pushed aside by deeper, primal needs.

"Uh uh uh," Peter grunted around Eric's hard dick as he pumped his own cock downward into his friend's throat. His saliva ran thick and wet down the length of Eric's prick, soaking his balls and the sheet below. Filled with a liquid heat, not thinking either; running on instinct, he shifted his weight a bit, freeing a hand to explore Eric's balls, and below.

"Uhhhh," he heard his friend moan when his fingers tickled Eric's anus. The skin was super soft there, with a sprinkling of soft hairs surrounding the puckered opening. Eric's legs opened wider, inviting more, wanting more, demanding more. Peter obliged, sliding a wet finger slowly past the tight ring into his friend's asshole.

"Mmmm!" Eric's groans came back and Peter felt his friend pull him even deeper downward as finally his cock was deep-throated by his buddy. 

Peter started thrusting his finger in deeper and harder, past the second knuckle, and Eric's willing ass started to loosen a bit. His saliva mixed with Eric's own musky secretions, a heady elixir whose scent went straight to the deepest pleasure centers of Peter's brain. 

Eric felt Peter's cock slide out of his mouth and his hips reorient themselves, pointing Peter's asshole at Eric's nose, then mouth. Eric didn't hesitate, but thrust his warm, wet tongue up into his friend's tight butt. He licked around the ring, tracing wet circles before spiralling into the rosebud. The taste was like nothing he'd ever experienced, musky, slightly dirty, all man, all Peter. He tried to jack his friend while tongue-fucking Peter's ass, but the space was too confined, so he resigned himself to pleasuring his friend only in the ass. Peter didn't seem to mind, adding a second finger to Eric's tight ass, and the two men fucked each other's holes with tongue and fingers for what seemed to be an eternity. 

The cold air in the cabin was only a distant memory, so it came as no surprise that as the two friends pleasured each other, the blankets drifted off them. But their heat sustained them, enveloping them in a cocoon of hot lust. Peter pulled off his friend and shifted downward, scooting his butt past Eric's chest, past his stomach, to slowly stop over his cock. 

Eric felt Peter grip his hard prick and point it to his friend's asshole, then pressure, a bit at first, then more as Peter tried to force his friend's hard cock past the tight ring of his sphincter. Peter lifted off and added more saliva and tried again. 

Ohhh! This time Peter felt Eric's prick push, push, push, then in. "Oh yeah," he breathed as his friend's cock slid into his tight ass.

"Oh my god," came Eric's response as the two friends experienced a deep, male sexual connection for the first time. "You're so tight!" he exclaimed.

"You're so big," Peter countered, slowly sliding his friend's beautiful cock deeper into his bowels. In and out, up and down, letting the head of the penis penetrate deeper with each gentle thrust until he was sitting on his friend's cock, balls deep into his ass, resting on his friend's hips. He felt full and stretched, with an only slightly uncomfortable pressure against some part of his gut. But it didn't matter, it felt too good to be filled up, stretched and plundered. With increasing confidence, he started to ride his friend's cock. The warm flesh in his butt was incredible, so much better than his own finger, or even Eric's.

Eric watched his cock sliding in and out of Peter's ass, disappearing between the moonlit globes of his butt cheeks. Peter's ass clenched on his dick, almost sucking it up into him. The friction was intense as Peter's saliva started to dry up a bit. Eric lifted Peter upward until he slid right out. His dick was slick with spit and anal juices. Eric spat on his hand and slathered more on his cock before sliding back into his buddy with a moan of pleasure. It was the hottest moment in his life, a fulfillment of years of quiet, private fantasizing. That this moment was happening with his best friend made it all the more exquisite.

" Yeah," Eric panted. "Ride my cock, let me fuck your ass!"

"Fuck my ass!" agreed Peter. He was now bouncing up and down on Eric's pole, the pressure on his prostate causing precum to ooze out of his own cock. He jacked it, and it was too much. He immediately started to climax without control. His semen sprayed out from the head of his dick, soaking the sheets even more. 

"No," he protested. He wanted it to last longer, to let this feeling last all night. But suddenly, with the hormones no longer fuelling his capacity, Eric's cock in his ass was suddenly a bit painful. He had to pull out or lose the pleasure, the happy memory of getting butt-fucked. Amazingly, though, his cock was still hard, and he grabbed Eric's hand to jack him as he slid up off Eric's cock.

Eric inexplicably refused to touch his friend's cock. He pushed Eric away. Hurt and angererd, Peter was about to say something but stopped when Eric lifted his legs up, spreading them out wide, revealing his own pink ass, pointed upward, inviting.

"Stick it in me!" Eric commanded. Peter wasted no time, and because he had already been fucking Eric with his fingers, Eric was much more ready. Peter smeared his cum down the shaft and pointed the head of his dick at Eric's puckered opening. Looking into his friend's eyes, he pushed himself in; all the way to the base of his hard dick in one smooth delicious motion.

"Do me," Eric pleaded. "Fuck the shit out of me."

Peter didn't use any finesse or patience. He plowed his cock in and out of Eric's tight ass in long, deliberate strokes. He wanted to cum again, to fill his friend; complete this adventure.

"Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Cum in me. Fill me." Eric's instructions came as a broken, panting litany of demands that pushed Peter to further heights of ecstasy.

"I'm cumming!!" Peter bellowed. His cock, bursting with want and need, thrust as deep as it could go into Eric's asshole and pumped his hot cum again and again.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," gasped Eric. Eric pulled Peter deeper into him, and without thought, to both of their surprise, grabbed Peter's head and pulled Peter's lips to his, kissing his friend deeply, tongues thrusting into each others' mouths. 

They kissed for a moment longer, then Peter pulled out of his friend, his dick softening with the massive orgasm that drained him of nearly everything. But not everything. He still had want, enough to plunge his mouth down onto Eric's cock. He could taste his own ass on Eric's dick, but that didn't stop him, or even slow him down. He bobbed his head up and down, deep-throating his friend until Eric came with a howl, pumping his prick up into Peter, gagging him. Peter didn't mind, letting his buddy's cum slip down his throat and dribble out of his hot mouth, down along Eric's long dick. 
