 Thanks for your comments and love. I changed up the format a little. Writing month by month of the relationship made me miss a lot of little things that were important. 

***

+{Noah's Starship}+

-+-[Ch. 08]-+-

~By Emri~

"Noah please, sit up." Navid nudged me and I popped my head up from under his arm. I noticed the flight attendant, a small man who was probably in his late 20's, looking at us with a smile as he made his way back to the last row of the airplane seats Navid and I shared. 

I yawned and realized Navid was concerned about us being seen. He thought the interest in the attendant's eyes was judgement for us being too close together. He didn't see that the man had stared at us since we got on the plane because he thought we were cute together. He'd even steered us to the last two seats together at the end of the airplane so we wouldn't have to split up. He even split up the straight couple who'd gotten on the plane just before us and barked at them to hurry up and sit down so we could take off. 

"How are we doing, boys?" The man said in a sing-song chipper as his eyes focused in on Navid. I wasn't the object of his desire, and I watched his blue eyes shimmer in Navid's glow. "I brought a blanket for the sleepy one, and a little something for the tense one. It's an easy flight, nothing to worry about." He handed me a wrapped blanket, and pulled out two sampler bottles of some alcohol for Navid. 

"Oh, thank you! Is past his bedtime and he felt sick from the take-off," Navid said and rubbed my hair like I was the little brother. He turned on his charm for the flight attendant, that smile that seemed to make people swoon for him. It was a lie though. The dark quiet cabin of the late-night take-off had lulled me to sleep against his chest. He'd put up the divider rest that separated our seats and put his arm around me. 

We had made it on the last flight out of LA to Utah that night because he had taken care of business for Karim that day so Karim and Mike could fly out earlier. Karim was giving Navid more responsibility with his clients as he grew to trust him. Navid was working to prove himself and start making more money for us. Navid was finally doing what he came to the US for, building a business and making money on his own. It had been a lot of work these last few weeks and now we were headed off to celebrate his birthday weekend. 

"Well let the sleepy boy rest and I'll be back with some soda to mix those bottles with and some water for him. You boys enjoy yourselves," the flight attendant lisped with a wink to Navid and then walked back to start the drink service. 

"I think you made a friend," I laughed as Navid took the blanket and spread it over me so no one could see who was snuggling into his side. 

"A very powerful friend indeed," Navid smiled and showed me the two bottles of dark alcohol the man had given him. He leaned down and kissed me before covering my head with the blanket. 

I woke up a few hours later and poked my head out from under the light blanket to find Navid charming the flight attendant again. I wondered how many drinks he had been gifted. He seemed very relaxed and happy. His left arm, concealed under the blanket held me to his side and kept a happy grip on my bottom. 

"We're going to land soon. I hope you boys have a good time in Utah. It was nice talking to you," the flight attendant said to Navid. I looked up at him and caught his eyes for a second. He gave me a fake smile that told me he wished he had more alone time with my man. I reached down to Navid's lap to squeeze his bulge protectively. 

"He was very nice," Navid said when the attendant walked away. 

"Too nice," I noted and gave Navid's lap a squeeze. 

"My Noah has the jealousy," Navid smiled. "You worry he steal me away?" 

I nodded and narrowed my eyes at him. 

"Ah well. You must share my attention with rest of world. Would not be fair to keep all for yourself." Navid was blushing a little in the dim light of the cabin. He enjoyed the blaze in my eyes as I stroked his bulge with jealousy. 

"As long as I get what's important," I said and squeezed the outline of his cock making him jump a little in his seat as a small gasp escaped his lips. It was dark and late so the the cabin of the plane was quiet except for a few light snores. 

Navid nodded and I disappeared back under the blanket as the pilot's voice came on overhead telling us that we would be on the ground in 15 minutes. The cabin darkened further as my lips touched the outline of his now throbbing cock. 

He was silent and kept the blanket over me, but his hand found the back of my head and his other hand went to slide down the waistband of his shorts. His cock jumped as I started to lick it. We hadn't had time to be together since last night so I knew he had built up a nice load for me and I needed it. I needed him in my throat, to prove he was mine and remind him who brought him such pleasure. 

He was trying to stay covert here so instead of his usual grunts and moans, he coughed and squirmed under my sucking lips. He rubbed my hair and grabbed fistsful of it to guide me on him. I felt the plane start to descend and my ears started to pop and hurt a little as I bobbed gently on his cock. 

"Uhh," I heard a gasp escape his control and felt his balls tighten in my hand as I cupped and squeezed them. 

Maybe it was the danger of the whole thing or just the thrill of doing it so high up, but he didn't last long under my touch. His body gave the tell tale signs that he was ready to go. I squeezed his balls roughly in my hand until he whimpered, helpless to stop me. 

He cleared his throat and straightened up before I tasted the first shot that went down my throat. He pushed me down a little too far and I gagged as his cock tensed and started to shoot. He eased me back quickly. I gripped the base of his cock and started to milk it as he fired down my throat. 

"Fuck," he hissed and then covered it with another light cough. He bucked his hips twice and buried his cock deep as he finished. I gulped every drop he could give me. He tasted salty and thick. It was something I found myself craving randomly throughout the day. My body was hooked. 

His body relaxed as he finished up just as I felt a bump from the wheels hitting the runway. The plane put on quick brakes and I fell against his stomach as his cock flopped out of my mouth. I'd milked it all, he was spent and laid back against the seat breathing deeply. 

I came out from under the blanket and sat up, recovering my breath as he shoved his cock back into his pants and looked at me with admiration. 

"So beautiful," he mouthed to me in the dark. He leaned over and kissed me quickly so we wouldn't be seen. He reached for the water bottle in the seatback pouch and offered it to me. I gulped it down to rinse his taste out of my mouth. 

"That was dangerous, but I needed it," he said with a guilty smile as we arrived at the gate and the cabin lights came on. His flight attendant friend emerged from behind us and gave me an odd smile as he passed. 

"I don't think anyone noticed," I whispered as I gulped down more water and reached for the bulky jacket Navid had bought me. 

+++ +++ 

We found Karim and Mike waiting for us at a bar area. Mike was sober as always and playing on his phone while Karim watched a baseball game and sipped a beer and picked at a plate of hot wings. If I didn't know how in love with Mike he was, I would never in a million years guessed that he was gay. Maybe he was like Navid though and didn't consider himself gay. They wouldn't ever talk about it or use that term. 

We exchanged our now familiar hugs until the bartender came over to tell me that I was too young to be in the bar area and could get them in trouble here in Utah. Karim jumped up and tossed cash on the bar to cover the bill before taking my bags from Navid and ushering us off to a parking garage. 

We stepped outside the terminal and the cold wind hit me like a hammer. I hurriedly pulled on the thick coat I had carried, as my body started to shake with chills. 

"We are not parked far, Noah. You can wait back in the terminal while I get the car if you want," Karim offered. 

"I-I-I c-c-can w-w-walk," I said through chattering teeth as a strong current of frozen air slammed me from the side. Navid switched the bags to his other side and put his arm around me, pulling me in under his open coat. Even in the bitter cold, he was always warm. 

Mike started up the car as I hopped in behind him. Navid and Karim fooled around with stuff in the trunk for a few minutes. They were laughing and both pretty tipsy. 

"No seat warmers in the back. I'd offer you the front passenger seat, but I don't think we want the drunk idiots getting out of hand in the backseat," Mike joked. 

"It's ok, I already feel warmer," I lied as my body gave another involuntary shiver. 

"You're a true Cali boy, never been through a real winter?" Mike asked with a laugh. 

"No, I've never been this cold in my life," I admitted. The trunk closed behind us and Navid slipped into the front passenger seat as Karim slid in next to me. 

"Oh!" Navid said with surprise as though he'd expected me to be driving the car. "Wait, I need be by Noah before he die from cold." The two men laughed and got out to change places. 

"Hello love," Navid said as he kissed me and pulled me against him. He took off his coat and I nuzzled into his chest. He covered us with it and rubbed my frozen corpse back to life as Mike pulled out of the parking garage. 

I was all about Navid's adoring attention on me until I started to see the white flakes falling outside the car window. I poked my head up from his pecs to get a better look. 

"Oh wow! That's snow?!" I asked a dumb question with a lot of excitement. I crawled over Navid to get a better look out the window. He put his hands on my hips and massaged my ass with his hands to take advantage of my position. 

"Hey, stop. I'm trying to... oh," I gasped suddenly as Navid slid a hand down the back of my pants and into my briefs. His finger rubbed over my hole. 

"Sorry, my love," he whispered as he nibbled on my ear. "You're so beautiful when excited about something. I cannot control my hand." 

"What's going on back there?" Karim laughed. I turned to see him looking back at us. He noticed as Navid quickly slid his hand out of my pants. 

"Don't stop on my account," Karim joked. "I can lend a hand if you need it." 

"No, we are only watching snow. I can handle my boy," Navid laughed nervously and pulled his coat back over us. He gave my ass a pat and rubbed it again as he and Karim joked back and forth about what I needed. I rubbed my chest against his as I bounced in his lap slowly and watched big, beautiful white flakes floating around us like the inside of a snow globe. 

"Here is the cabin!" Mike interrupted them when we finally pulled off onto a little road that went straight uphill. 

It certainly wasn't what I pictured when Navid said we were headed to a cabin. The moon was bright enough to take it all in. This was a two level grand lodge covered in huge pine trees. 

"That's huge!" I said with excitement. It caused Karim and Navid to laugh again and exchange what must have been raunchy humor in Persian. 

Navid and Karim carried our bags as Mike and I braved the small jog from the car to the side door near where we'd parked. Mike was only wearing a light jacket that opened to his thermal t-shirt. 

"Aren't you freezing?" I asked as he pushed me through the doorway to a small room full of shoes and coats. Navid and Karim had gone to put our bags down. Mike grabbed my arm and pulled me to stand over a metal grate in the floor. I was instantly filled from below by a rush of hot air that made my body shiver again. 

"I'm from here. You get used to it eventually," Mike laughed and moved to push his chest against mine. He rubbed my arms to warm them up. I really wasn't that cold anymore. 

I told him about what happened on our flight. "The guy practically drooled on Navid. I think he liked that it made me jealous." 

"Of course he did. Who doesn't like having two guys fighting over him? It's just how they are though, Noah. Karim flirts his way through life. It's how they're raised in that culture. They are raised that men should be outgoing and speak their minds while the women are behind them and supporting quietly. It's why they find it so difficult over here where they have to interact with women as equals. Karim didn't go through that since he's been here most of his life, but some of his friends have," Mike told me all this while rubbing my arms which had turned into a full blown massage of my shoulders. I wasn't complaining. 

"I wish Navid would teach me about his culture. He doesn't even like me learning about his language. Sometimes I'll look a word up and try to say it to him, and he just laughs but then doesn't correct me or encourage me to speak it. It's the same with his religion. He doesn't discuss Islam with me. It's like he doesn't want me in his culture," I noted. 

"I thought about that last week," Mike said. "I was talking to him in Farsi and he answered in English and looked at me like I was messing it up. I think he is fighting to bridge the two lives he has. Over there he is an army veteran who makes his parents proud and is a good muslim. Over here he has the beautiful boy of his dreams who swings on his dick every night and makes him pancakes in the morning. He loves you so much, but has to overcome where he came from. He's definitely progressed though, right? You can see that?" 

"Yeah. I think I can," I started. 

"You can what?" Navid's voice interrupted. I turned to see him behind Mike and holding a glass of something dark. More alcohol, great...

"Why you rub my baby? Go and take care of your man. He calls for you," Navid nudged Mike out of the way rather rudely. Mike didn't look like he minded though. He seemed to relish rough treatment from Persian men. I watched a happy smile creep across his lips as he nodded and rushed off to find Karim. Navid pulled me into his side and started to walk into the next room. 

The little mud room we'd been in opened into a large kitchen. We went through to an even larger living area with a two story fireplace. This was the quintessential lodge theme that looked like a grand scale of someone's lincoln log dream. The fire was roaring and Navid led me to it and parked me on the stony hearth. He sat next to me in silence and then laid his head against my shoulder. 

"Some day, my Noah. I think about this. We will have grand places like this of our own. You and me, babe," He said as he looked into my eyes while holding me under one arm. 

Our bedroom was next to Karim and Mike's. Their door was open and Mike showed me that we shared a bathroom that connected theirs to our smaller room. They had a large couch and a huge bed where Karim was sprawled out and checking things on his phone. He looked just like Navid did when we were getting ready for bed. 

Navid sprawled on their couch and pulled me down into his lap while he chatted with Karim. Navid rubbed my bottom freely as I laid against his chest. 

"You two are so cute together. I wish I had found Mike when he was that young," Karim said thoughtfully as he offered us an appreciating smile. 

"I love him so much. He is my world," Navid said. Alcohol had loosened his tongue quite nicely. 

Karim joined us on the other end of the couch and pulled Mike into his lap to mirror us. Mike's eyes lit up, always desperate for his husband's touch. 

"You know, last night I go to lock all door and window in my home. I do this every night while Noah brush his teeth to get ready for sleeps. I stop when I get to the back door and I laugh because when I live with guys, I never will worry for what is locked at night. I never think of anything coming in to hurt us or steal. But now that I have my Noah in our nest, now I think of his safety always. I love so much to have someone to lock up for. He is worth protection," Navid said with a yawn and then kissed my cheek. 

"I can see you like him in pink panties too," Karim interrupted the sweet moment with a joke. I looked down to see Navid had pushed down the waistband of my pants a little and the band of the pink briefs he liked me in were showing. They were guys briefs of course, but he liked me in pink. 

"Ahh yes, beauty for beauty," Navid laughed and pulled my pants back up. 

+++ 

"It is five minutes until my birthday!" Navid said as we slid into bed that night. "What does my boy want with his last five minutes of freedom?" 

"What happens to my freedom in five minutes?" I asked with alarm. 

"On my birthday, I am king. You do whatever the king wishes. I will plant my seed in you three times on my birthday, starting in four more minutes," Navid explained. 

"So for my birthday I get to be king and plant my seed?" I asked with a look of surprise as he stroked my chest from behind me. 

"You are my princess every day. For your birthday though I will of course make extra special and whatever my heart say he want," Navid kissed the back of my neck as my cock tented my briefs. 

"Anything? Like play with my cock?" I asked knowing he'd never do that. 

"Noah you now have 3 minutes to my kingdom. I will hope you use it wisely and let me open your pink hole with my tongue. Or else this might hurt for my birthday wish," Navid pet my smooth, white chest and twisted my pink, angry nipples. 

I scrambled out of his arms and got on my hands and knees to present my hole to him. He never had to ask when his tongue was on offer. 

"This is my good boy. For this, I gift you a few extra minutes of the pleasure before I take what is mine," Navid laughed and then pushed my briefs down. I wiggled my ass for him and arched my back to spread my cheeks. 

"This beautiful pink hole, my favorite pussy to ever see," Navid said with an appreciative growl as he smacked my ass and spread my cheeks. He dove in tongue first and pushed inside me until I gasped with a loud whine. 

"Uhhh, fuck yeah," I whimpered a little too loudly. Navid stopped and slid his tongue out. 

"Noisy baby. I must keep you quiet," he said and I looked back to see him looking for something. He slid off my briefs and wadded them up in his palm before getting up on his knees and reaching over me. 

"Open mouth," he said as though scolding a puppy. I did and he shoved the briefs inside before I could say, "Yes sir." 

"Ok where we were doing?" Navid asked with a laugh as he rubbed my back. 

"Ah yes, the pleasure for princess," Navid joked and gave my ass a hearty smack. He went back behind me and slid his tongue deep inside my hole. I couldn't help but whine and moan as he found the spots inside me that made my cock leak a healthy drizzle of juice as I chewed on the briefs in my mouth. He knew how to twist and wiggle his tongue perfectly to own my hole. 

He slid underneath me like an auto mechanic and pushed his legs through my arms so I could see his cock straining the boxer briefs he had on. I reached down to grip it, and he smacked my ass roughly. 

"MMMM," I cried out unsure of what I'd done wrong. 

"Not time yet, my love. Be the patience please. I am so ready to burst but not before midnight. Your touch is more than I handle," Navid warned and then plunged his tongue back inside me. He gripped his cock and wiggled it for me teasingly. I wanted it so badly, my body ached for it. I knew he could get away with anything so long as he didn't take his cock from me. 

"Mmmm," I protested, but kept the briefs gag in my mouth. He started working a slicked up finger inside me then. I was so lost in pleasure and the musk of his cock that kept hitting my nose as I inhaled deeply. I wanted his cock inside me. Lips or hole, I didn't care which. 
