 "No! Not redbox! We were supposed to go to Erik's party! It's Friday!" I protested as Navid walked through the door carrying a pizza and the now familiar plastic envelope that held a movie. 

"I told you I will consider it. I look at the guest list on the facebooks and I do not think is good crowd. I decline for us." Navid walked towards me and kissed my reddening cheeks and then my lips. 

"I can't believe you did that..." I said quietly in disbelief. He just walked past me and went to put the pizza in the kitchen. 

"I go change out of my suit and we can start the movie. It is Disney, you love Disney," Navid called happily as he rushed up the stairs in his work clothes. He hadn't even heard me, or wasn't paying attention. 

It had been two weeks since his birthday trip and all he wanted to do was bring home a movie from the rental box at the corner store. It was the same night on a loop that would only end someday in our deaths. 

He came home each night between 6 and 7 depending on the traffic. He'd go upstairs, strip down, and come back in a pair of loose gym shorts that draped his cock perfectly when he sprawled on the couch. He'd watch some news while I finished making dinner and then we'd eat and watch a movie. We were in bed by 9 usually. He'd fuck me, we'd shower, and then I'd fall asleep against his chest while he checked emails on his laptop. 

I'd talked about Erik's party for weeks now, and Erik even invited us using the facebook account we shared so Navid could see what was planned. I already planned what to wear and everything. It couldn't just end like that. It wasn't fair. 

"I'm going to go," I said softly when I walked into our bedroom and found him sitting naked on the bed pulling off his socks while he checked a message on his phone. His work clothes were in a pile on the floor, awaiting my attention.

"Go to where?" Navid asked without looking up. He scrolled through messages with one hand and used the other to scratch his nuts. 

"Erik's, the party. We were supposed to go together, but I'll go by myself if I have to. We haven't been out in so long. I can't stay here another night doing nothing and going to sleep. If you want to stay here, you can. Watch your movie, but I'm going!" I let out a torrent of words before I lost the courage to tell him. 

"I have said we were not going, my love. Don't worry, Noah, I let Erik know so he shall not be offends," Navid said calmly without looking up again. He frowned at something on his phone screen. His tone was so dismissive, like this was a minor outburst he could brush off. He wasn't listening to me at all. 

"I can't stay here another night! I'm bored. I make you dinner. We watch the movie rental. You fuck me and then put me to bed while you finish work. I haven't seen my friends in weeks! I haven't left this condo complex since you took me to the grocery store on Tuesday! You don't even look at me when I'm talking to you! I feel like I don't even exist unless you need a meal, clothes, or a hole!" I felt my heart pounding in my ear and was sure my face was cherry red. 

"I work for you, Noah! I bring home nice things for you and give you nice home. I do all for you. You have nice little home here to keep happy for me. You yell at me for this?" Navid set down his phone and stood with his massive soft cock swinging between his furry thighs. He looked at me with confusion as though I were incapable of arguing with him. 

"I know, and I appreciate everything you do. But I have friends I want to see. I want you there with me. I'm 19. I can't sit in this box anymore. Please!" I softened my tone and lowered my eyes to his chest. 

"My love, you are so young. You do not understand things. You must trust that I know what is best for my little heart," Navid walked towards me and pulled me against his chest. His heart was beating wildly. He wasn't used to a challenge to his authority. He lifted my chin so he could look down into my eyes. 

"I won't hear more of your yells. Ok? Go and warm up pizza and I come down and we have nice evening. I make special time for you. I have long day and I am so hungry. I need eat and then fuck my boy as he deserves," He said the last part in a slow, soft tone and looked down at me like I was too dumb to understand. It made me angry all over again. 

"You won't even discuss it with me?" I backed away in shock. "You seriously won't even talk about it?"

"I have discuss, my Noah. I decide is not good for us. Why you challenge me? You have bad day today? You not feel good? Did you poop today? Maybe that help settle you," Navid asked like this was all some illness.

"I don't want to do this anymore. I can't..." I backed away from him like I'd seen a ghost. 

"You don't want to what? Argue with your protector? Yell with the man who work to give you everything in nice life?" Navid was growing irritated that I hadn't yet laid down to his will. 

"I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to do this with you! You're turning into an old, boring man. I don't want to end up like this!" I pointed a finger at his chest with anger. 

This had been bottling up the past week. He had been constantly doing work and ignoring me. I was in between semesters and hadn't left the house in several days so I was going stir crazy and missing my old life with my dad. The honeymoon of living in a nice place with a handsome man was quickly fading.

"You don't mean this, Noah... my princess. You are too naive. You are too simple to understand why I make decisions for you to protect you," Navid started to say as he put a hand on my shoulder like I needed his wise counsel. That clicked something inside of me and made me angrier.

"The only thing I need protecting from is you. You suck at being a boyfriend! I want to go back to my dad where I can breathe without asking permission! You should just go back to Iran where it's normal to be an asshole to your princess or pussy slave or wife or whatever the fuck I am to you! I don't like you anymore! I don't need to poop! I'm not your princess!" I yelled at him and pushed him away from me. 

As soon as I said it, though, I regretted my words. Worse, I even did a mock of his accent which I knew he was sensitive about. I took the words he used when he made love to me and used them against him. 

Navid's chest puffed up as his eyes flared. I didn't know if he was angry or hurt or both. His hands balled into fists in front of him and he shook them once as if telling himself he needed to stop himself. His soft cock still dangled down between his thighs. How could I fight with that? 

"I'm sorry, I..." I started to say, but he swerved around me and pushed through the door with a bang. 

He went to the room he used for prayers and slammed it closed behind him. 

I crept to the door he'd closed and knocked on it lightly. 

"I'm sorry, Navi, I... I didn't mean that." I said. 

"Go away, Noah. I need to do prayers. I will not hurt you. Leave me time to find my peace," Navid said. He'd never, in all our months together, wanted me to go away. As annoyed as I'd been with him this week, I now desperately wanted to see his face. 

I sank down against the wall and drew my knees up into my chest. I hugged them with my arms and worried I'd screwed things up. I hate arguing. I suck at it. It's why I usually just give in to whatever he wants. Even if I was right to be upset, I was still upset and that never feels good. 

I sat there holding myself for about 15 minutes. My mind went crazy thinking of what I'd do on my own. I'd move back home, get a bus pass again. I'd go back to my life of thinking someone like him couldn't love someone like me. I'd never be in this place again or have anything so nice. I'd never find a strong, dark chest to fall asleep on, never feel those arms rub my back or cup my ass. I'd certainly never find a dick like his that filled me and made me feel the fireworks. 

I rocked myself and realized I was digging my fingernails into my palms again with the wave of anxiety that hit me. I was addicted to him. I didn't know how to live without Navid. 

And then the door opened. 

Navid walked out and then jumped when he noticed I was there next to the door.

I looked up at him with tear-stained cheeks and tried to calm my breathing. 

"You waited here for me?" He asked with surprise. I nodded and started crying. 

"I'm sorry I made fun of you," I choked out between tears and reached up for him. He took my hands and noticed instantly that I was bleeding a little. Navid sighed. He went and grabbed the first aid kit from the bathroom. 

"My sweet boy," Navid sank down next to me on the hallway floor between the bedrooms and pulled me over onto his naked lap. He wiped my hands with alcohol pads and then put tissue and closed my fingers around the palms. His cock felt half hard under my bottom. He swiped a finger across my cheek and tasted my tears. He gave an approving nod. 

"I don't know how I could ever live without you," he said, echoing what I'd been thinking. 

"I'm sorry I was mean. I held in how I felt for so long. I should speak up more," I admitted. I calmed my breathing against his chest. He held me protectively. 

"The truth is, Noah. I see the invite list for this party. There are two people going that I have... had relations with. You know like um... fucked," Navid looked away from me as he hugged me back against his chest. 

"Oh," I suddenly understood. 

"And I don't want that you greet them and learn this and it will hurt me so much to see you learn this. Is shame things I do before I met my Noah," Navid explained. "So I keep you from this party. Is not right though. You deserve time for fun with friends." 

"In my prayers, I learn two things. I shall be honest with you, I shall try to give you space with friends. I must still make sure you are with good friends and safe. I promise your father to keep you safe and away from bad influence. Ok?" Navid said and rubbed my tummy. 

"Thank you. I know you're busy, but I just need to go out once in awhile, even just the two of us," I said. 

"Ah that is other thing, Noah. The Paris shooting, the San Bernardino shooting here in California, the man who run for president and say all muslims must leave the US," Navid started. 

"This is bad time to be muslim in America. I feel if we go out, you will see how hated we are. I can take this. I don't mind people stare to me. But you, my princess, for you to see this and be hurt by this shall hurt me so much." Navid rubbed me gently as he spoke. 

"I don't think anyone is looking at us," I said. 

"I see how people look at you when I am take you to restaurant or even grocery store. They look at you and then me. They see you with pity and they look at me like I take you hostage or abuse or corrupt you. I ignore this, but I worry now that people will say mean thing to you for be with me. I cannot take you out to expose you to this. You are innocent here," Navid explained. 

"I never noticed that," I said. "When we're out, I usually only look at you." 

"Sweet Noah, You are too beautiful to allow anyone hurt you," Navid said and rubbed my cheek. "I am sorry you love such old, boring man." 

"At least he brings me pizza," I said. 

"You still want go to party? I said I will go and I will, now you know truth," Navid asked. 

"Um no... I... well... maybe... Do I know these guys?" I asked. 

"One is guy, one is girl. I hope there are not more who show up as surprise... You maybe know them from somewhere if Erik does. He invites them to this party," Navid offered. 

"Are they cuter than me?" I asked. 

"Of course not! None are more beautiful than my baby Noah. You must know this by now," Navid kissed down my neck. 

"Ok then, let's eat the pizza and go," I said, unsure what would be in the box I was opening. 

Navid shrugged. He'd given me fair warning. 

+++ +++ 

We got to Erik's about 8 and the party was already thumping. His parents had left for the weekend so he wanted to celebrate. 

I don't know how, but there was a full bar on the counter. Navid wouldn't let me have any so I didn't bother asking. 

Navid had on a tight, white tank top that showed the chest he'd been working on with an open, blue button down short-sleeve shirt covering it, and jeans. 

I was dressed more modestly with a blue long-sleeve button up shirt and jeans that matched his. 

"You came!" A drunk Erik hugged me and ushered me away from Navid's arms to introduce me to everyone. Most of the guys I knew from the lgbt group at school. I hadn't seen them in awhile so it was good to catch up. 

Miguel was there and he eyed Navid cautiously as he hugged me. He was still scared of hugging me too long with Navid's eyes on him. Navid helped himself to a drink and gulped it down pretty quickly. I knew he didn't feel comfortable here, but he was going to make an effort. 

And then I ran into Jason, a guy I knew from high school. He wasn't that nice to me back then. He was a year ahead and slept with just about any guy who was "straight-acting." I was happy to see that he'd put on a little weight and his skin was breaking out. 

"Hi Noah!" He hugged me excitedly and then caught sight of Navid behind me. He quickly ditched me to the side and went for Navid. 

"Hi Navid! I didn't expect to see you here! It's been forever" He said with even more excitement. My stomach turned. He tried to hug Navid, but he just got a forced handshake from my man. 

"Oh, you don't remember me?" Jason asked and slurred his words a little. He must have gotten into the alcohol early. 

"Yes, of course. Nelson, right?" Navid said and I watched his body tense up. 

"Nelson? I look like a Nelson? No, it's Jason, but um... you can call me whatever you want," Jason nudged me out of the way to get closer to Navid. I started to walk off. 

"Noah!" Navid called and pushed past Jason to get to me. 

"This, I didn't want this for you to be upset!" Navid growled as he caught my arm. 

"Didn't want what? You two are together? Really? You like HIM? He's such a... non-person. Wait... I just remembered. Aren't you the kid who cried in 9th grade when they put you on stage to give a speech for getting perfect attendance or something? That was epic," Jason said with a laugh as though it were implausible anyone could be interested in me. 

"Nelson, You are rude and must leave us. Now!" Navid barked at Jason without taking his eyes off of me in a tone that made him shrink back. 

"The name's JASON!" Jason rolled his eyes, huffed, and slinked off. 

"I'm sorry, this was a mistake," I said, wanting to leave. 

"He is garbage, Noah. He say mean things because that is all that is inside him. Of course you are person. You are my favorite person and I love perfect attendance," Navid put his arm around me and kissed me. 

"I'm fine! I... it's ok. I knew you did that with people, but him?" I asked with a hurt look. 

"I tell you is awful! It was before I know you, Noah. I was very sad guy. I just need to fill holes, and in my drunken state I took his. He hang on me all night flirting. He grab my cock and beg to see it. We both drink too much and lose our control together in my old bed. You know you do not want to know this things, so why you ask?" Navid said and held me protectively. 

"He's not even cute," I pouted. 

"Of course he is not cute! He is dog! Cute is not the point. Seeding was the point. I push his face into my pillow and take him like a dog. Is not like with you where I need to see your beautiful eyes and go gentle so to be careful with my love. It was hard and rough. I fill the condom and then I push him and his clothes out of my room. I lock the door to go sleep. It was what he want, what I want at that time. I did not think my princess love will ever find me. I thought I do this and finish school and go home to Iran to find a wife and never love. Was not for meaning, not for love," Navid rubbed my back and put his chin on my shoulder. 

"Well I slept with that guy," I said after a long silence and pointed to Jamie from the LGBT group who was standing by the bar. 

"Don't joke of this, my sweet one. You know it hurt me," Navid looked like he half believed me. 

"I did! It was halloween and he was dressed like a soldier. We fell into a tub of jello and I fucked his brains out," I started to lie, but then I couldn't control my laughter. 

"Of course you did, Noah. Who wouldn't want you! I avenge your honor! I go to kill him now so I am once again only man alive to touch your little flower," Navid said with just a hint of sarcasm knowing full well he'd been the first and only to seed me. He started to stalk off in mock anger towards the guy. 

"No! I was kidding! Oh my god, don't!" I yelled and chased after him. I grabbed his arm and he turned towards me laughing hysterically. 

"I know, my love. Was joke, but mean joke for you to play on me. I will take my revenge tonight on your sweet princess hole," Navid pulled me in and kissed me while he tickled me as I tried to get away. 

"I love you, Noah," He said after another long silence of holding me. "I am sorry my past hurts you. I am sorry I not a respectable man you deserve. I hope you can love me anyway." 

"I do," I assured him and turned my head to meet his lips. "Of course I love you." 

Nasri showed up soon after that and Navid was happy to have a friend he knew there. I knew he and Erik were still sort of dating. Nasri gave him a quick kiss and scanned the room for prey. He could never just settle on Erik. It wasn't my situation to judge though. Erik wanted to pull me away to talk so Navid went with Nasri to shoot pool and give me space. 

"No alcohol!" Navid said before kissing my cheek and following Nasri to the game room.

I told Erik everything that had been going on including my fight with Navid that evening. He said it had to happen eventually to start setting limits. 

"If you don't ever argue about anything then you're not a real person to him. You just become someone he can make into whatever he wants. He never gets a chance to love you for who you are," Erik cautioned. 

"I know. I just hate to disappoint him. I hate that look he gets," I admitted. 

"He will get over it and then realize you have your own needs. If he really loves you, he will care about your needs." Erik offered me a sip of his drink. I was sure it had vodka in it so I said no. Me drinking wasn't an argument I needed to have with Navid tonight. 

"And what about you? I see Nasri is still around," I laughed. 

"Yes, speaking of boundaries! I should probably set some boundaries of my own with him, but I... I don't think Nas would stick around if I did." Erik used a nickname to show he had a more personal connection with him, though I'd never heard him call Nasri that. His eyes showed far more worry than his words implied. 

"He seems like he is into you," I offered. 

"He is! But he's so outgoing and has guys and girls left and right trying to get at him. You should have seen it the other night when he took me out to a club in Silverlake. I could have just waited in the car for all he cared. He didn't pay attention to me until I started talking to these guys. He got jealous for about 30 seconds and then pulled me away from them and started making out with a girl while he kept me at his side. He had me kiss her too, it was weird, but he kept his hands on both of our shoulders to press us together. He said I needed to try it. Then we went back to his place with her," Erik was talking so fast like he had been bottling this up for awhile. 

Erik went on to tell me about the threesome he had with Nasri and a girl. Nasri had taken turns fucking them both and Erik said he actually didn't mind playing with the girl. He said it wasn't that gross when Nasri was directing them. He even had Erik put his dick inside her just so she could feel the difference and appreciate Nasri's size when he fucked her. He was actually into it as much as he complained about him. 
