 This is my first story so any reviews or comments are greatly appreciated.

*****

The two main characters in this story are Jake and Brian. Jake is a straight 19-year-old college Sophomore who is fairly nerdy, but very in shape and handsome. Brian is a straight 21-year-old college Junior who is athletic, but not nearly as fit as Jake.

Brian climbs up the stairs to his floor with some hop in his step, tonight was one of the few nights he has ever gotten out of work early as business at the restaurant where he works was slow. He heads to his dorm room thinking he might be able to meet up with his girlfriend, Michaela, and go out for a change as he is usually busy every Thursday night. 

As he walks into his room, his roommate, Jake, is lying down in his bed, completely nude, jerking off. 

"Woah!" Brian is shocked and initially looks away.

"Sorry man, wasn't expecting you home so soon," Jake said hopelessly trying to cover his cock with his hands. Jakes cock was well above average, almost 8" long and around 6" around. 

The initial shock factor for Brian went away and he looked over at Jake again, "Doing a great job of hiding that massive thing, huh?" he said with a chuckle. 

Jake realized he wasn't doing too much and took his hands away from hiding his cock, it sprang to attention, standing straight up, rock hard in all its glory. 

"Just hoping to get my rocks off, I don't know what it is I'm just always horny recently," Jake said.

"Well don't let me stop you, I'm just going to change then hopefully I'll be out of here to meet up with Michaela. You really should take care of that thing, looks like it's about to burst," Brian said with a chuckle.

Michaela has been Brian's girlfriend for the past two years. She is a 5'5" brunette, with a cute tight body. She has great, perky 30DD breasts, and a nice big tight ass accompanied by a slim waste. Her tits have always been my favorite part about her body. 

Jake resumes slowly stroking his cock.

"I'm surprised you just jerk off old school with nothing, so much porn on the internet now," Brian comments while he is searching for some clothes to wear. 

"Yeah, I just prefer to jerk to my past experiences, much hotter that way," joked Jake as he is sliding his hand up and down his cock. 

"Never seen you fucking a girl around here, your past experiences consist of walking by a hot girl on the street?" Brian teased.

"Oh, only if you knew," Jake joked back.

He's not sure why, but Brian paused his clothes search and just started to watch Jake for a bit, "Remind me to never let you around Michaela naked," Brian joked. 

Jake being cocky responds "Why's that?" Letting go of his cock and letting it stand at attention by itself. 

"Cause you have a fucking weapon, a massive cock," Brian responds. Jakes cock visibly jumps when Brian says that. Brian inches a bit closer, casually during the conversation.

"Is it that much bigger than yours? I thought I was average," Jake says, knowing he will get an answer that makes him feel huge. 

"Uh, yea, that thing is fit for porn, almost thankful I never see you with girls, cause that would tear them in half," Brian laughed. 

"Oh wow, never realized, just how big are you? Comparing to my cock?" Jake asked.

Brian paused for a second, then reached out, placed his thumb and pointer finger around Jakes cock, hardly over halfway "Probably about there," Brian noticed his fingers couldn't even touch because Jakes cock was so thick. 

Jake's cock flexed as Brian grabbed it, a soft moan escaped Jakes mouth "Damn dude... that's much smaller than mine," Brian softened his grip and slid his hand up Jake's cock, making sure to make contact the whole way. 

"Well I'm average, you're just superhuman apparently...are you going to finish jerking off or are you just going to let your balls explode from all that pressure?" Brian joked. 

"Sorry dude, couldn't really jerk off while you were feeling up my cock," Jake joked. 

Brian shook off the comments, also realizing how weird it was that he just held his roommates' cock. 

"Now the only question left is does a monster cock like this also produce a monster load?" Brian joked around trying to not be awkward.

"Wouldn't you like to know," Jake laughed a bit, prompting Brian to do the same.

"Dude, do me a favor, hold right here for a second," Jake motioned to his balls.

Brian hesitated, then for some reason his hand slowly made its way over and cupped Jakes balls. They were so much larger than Brian's, it was such a new feeling for him to be holding heavy, solid balls. "I don't understand how you can't find a hot slut to do this for you, you certainly have the body to lure them in here, and the cock to make them stay," Brain laughed while starting to get bolder with Jakes balls, rolling them around in his hand.

Jake lets out a moan as he slowly strokes his cock "Well I had one that would do anything I wanted, but she left," Jake moaned again.

"Oh really? Who was it? Why'd she leave?" Brian asked.

"Wait when did your cousin visit again? It was last week right, what's her name?" Jake said thinking out loud trying to think of Brian's cousin's name.

"Uh yea, Katherine was here last week why?" Brian asked, still fondling Jakes huge balls.

Katherine is an 18-year-old senior in high school who was coming to visit the school and decide if she wanted to go there. She is 5'7" with long brunette hair, very thin, and petite B cup breasts. Overall, she is a very sexy girl.

"Yeah she was dirty, she would have let me do anything to her, as long as I fucked her with this cock," he said shaking it I a bit as if to tease Brian.

"Dude! Why the hell did you do that, she was just here for a few days to figure out if she wanted to come to college here, she's still a senior in high school!" Brian got a bit upset; however, never took his hand of Jakes balls.

"If last week was any indication, I think she'll be back... what a sexy little nympho," Jake cock twitched and seemed to get even harder after seeing Brian's reaction to fucking his cousin.

Brian just shook his head fairly upset with what Jake was saying. Jake laid back and put both hand behind his head "Well..." he looked at Brian.

Brian just had a blank look on his face very confused. "Are you going to jerk my cock or not?" Jake said flexing it to make it dance.

Brian swallowed hard and moved his hand from Jakes balls to his cock. Jake let out a moan. "Two hands, and get on the bed between my legs," He ordered.

Brian quickly complied. His cock wasn't quite wet enough so Brian leaned over and spit on it. Letting the spit fall down from his mouth across Jakes big mushroom shaped cock head. Jake audibly moans.

"I have two hands on it and there's still a few inches left," Jakes cock pulses "What? You like that? You like hearing that you have the biggest cock I've ever seen? So fucking thick and juicy," Brian says as his hands are rotating and pumping up and down the length of Jakes cock. "Any girl would be lucky to get to try this huge cock."

Jake moans in agreement "Any girl?" he asks.

"Mmm yea," Brian moans, focusing on stroking his whole cock.

"What do you think Michaela would say if I offered it to her?" Jake asked.

This question caught Brian off guard but he went with it "She'd probably be on her knees before you finished talking." 

"Oh yeah what a good slut she is," Jake moaned.

"No way shed let your fuck her though, this massive cock would probably split her in two," Brian joked.

"I don't know man, I think you'd be shocked at what she lets... erm would let me do," Jake tried to switch the conversation to avoid any questions about his slip up "Hey you ever eat Michaela out?"

Brian a bit confused by Jake's slip up replies "Yea, why?"

Jake reaches up and gabs the back of Brian's head and lowers it down toward his balls "show me how good you are with your mouth," he says.

Brian is starting to get really confused, he manages to get out "Dude... I'm not gay," before his mouth comes into contact with Jakes balls. Brian goes with it and puckers up his lips to give his right ball a wet kiss. Jakes hand still resting on the back of Brian's head with light pressure encouraging him to pleasure his balls.

"Mmm yes bro, just like that," Jake moans.

Brian gives his balls a few more kisses before he starts to work in his tongue, liking Jakes balls up and down. "Fuck bro you are good at that," Jake moans "you know how you are always talking about how nice Michaela's tits are?" 

"Yeah they are fucking great," Brian says as he backs out from Jakes balls for a second before diving back in.

"Hey don't forget to jerk my cock too man... yeah Michaela's tits are so nice," he says as he moans "great nipples too" he says a bit softer, hardly loud enough for Brian to hear.

Brian spits in his hand and reaches up to take care of Jakes cock "Yeah you've noticed her walking around in her low-cut tops huh?" Brian licks Jakes balls a bit "Wait what about her nipples?"

"What are you talking about, I never said anything about her nipples man," Jake moans. "She's got a nice jiggly ass though, you're a lucky man to be the only one to have fucked it." 

"I've actually never fucked it before, she said she doesn't want to try anal," Brian responds while Jake seems to smile and laugh a bit.

Jake laughs a bit as he says "Oh... well what a waste of a great ass then," then he takes Brian's hand off his cock and presses it against Brian's face "fuck it looks so big next to your head," Jake says with great pride

"Yeah I'll never understand how any girl could take a cock this big in her throat man," as Brian reaches up to retake a firm grip on Jakes cock.

Jake slaps Brian's hand away "Hey you only get to do what I say you can do," Jake then slaps brains cheek a few times with his cock. His thick meaty cock feels so heavy against Brian's face. He then takes his cock and positions it in front of Brian's mouth, "Kiss," he said with authority.

Brian hesitates for a bit, too long for Jake to wait "I said kiss," as he grabs the back of Brian's head and brings it forward until Brian is kissing his precum soaked cockhead. "Mmm yea, just like that."

Jake lets go of his cock and Brian's head, Brian reaches up and takes control of Jakes cock and continues to kiss up and down the length of Jakes cock. "Michaela must get lonely with you working most weeknights, huh?" Jake asks.

Brian takes a quick break from Jakes cock, kind of confused at where this came from "Yah, she gets a little bored, but we make it work."

Jake moans a bit when Brian goes back to his cock "Yeah she complains a lot about it." 

"Oh, she's talked to you about it?" Brian asks

"Yeah, she said it's nice to have someone to be with... depend on... ride, while you're busy" Jake responds

Brian is confused by the response "Oh... thanks I guess," Brian licks Jakes cock slowly from base to tip, ending with a long kiss and his tongue playing with his cock head. "Fuck" Jake moans, "You're better at this than Michaela bro," as his cock pulses with excitement. 

Brian shoots his head back in confusion, but reaches down and takes over with his hand, not wanting to leave Jakes cock unattended to. "What the fuck have you been saying about Michaela Jake, you keep saying sexual things about her," Brian sternly replies. 

"You don't love her right man? Like you're dating but you're not in love, right?" Jake asks

"Dude, I've told you many times that I want to marry her someday," Brian responds.

"Yeah but you can wana marry someone and not be in love, right?" Jake digs deeper.

"No man, I love her, we love each other," Brian says passionately while still jerking Jake's cock.

Jake takes a deep breath "Brian I am going to tell you something, but you have to promise me, promise me you won't stop jerking my cock."

"Okay" Brian replies.

"Okay what?" Jake asks.

"Okay I won't stop jerking this huge fucking cock Jake, now tell me," Brian leans in and adds another layer of spit to Jakes cock, going back to jerking him with two hands.

"Okay, so Michaela... oh fuck bro keep doing it just like that," Jake moans "Michaela comes over to hang out with me while you're at work."

"Okay why would I care, just means she's already here when I get back from work so we can hang," Brian says continuing to work Jakes cock as best he can.

"Dude, we hang out in my bed," Jake replies "Fuck you're so good with your hands."

"Damn dude you have some incredible stamina, I've been working on your gigantic cock for at least like 20 minutes, you're lucky im here, you must get so tired doing this yourself all the time," Brian says, trying to stroke Jake harder and faster.

"That's the point man, I don't jerk myself off... I just fuck Michaela," Jakes cock starts pulsing faster, twitching, seemingly getting even harder somehow.

Brian's hands start to go limp, and his jerking motion almost stops, shocked at what Jake just said. "Dude... you're fucking my girlfriend?" Brian says incredibly sad, confused, and pissed. Brian is dealing with a mix of emotions he has never felt before.

"Hey don't stop jerking my cock bro," Jake sternly says, prompting Brian to continue jerking, this time much harder and faster, taking out his emotions on Jakes cock. "Yeah, how do you think she fills the time in her day while you're at work... she lets me fill her up with this cock you've been jerking."

"I'm so confused why would you do this? How'd it start? When'd it start?" Brian starts to rattle of questions desperate for the answers.

"It's not me bro, she comes over here and almost begs for it, started the same way this did, she walked in on me jerking off about 2 months ago. She's been riding my cock almost daily ever since." Jake's breathing starts getting heavier.

"Fuck bro, I thought we were friends, you use a condom with her right?" Brian asks, feeling so depressed that the last 2 months of his relationship the love of his life has been cheating on him.

"Nah I've never used a condom with her, if I ever cum in her she just fucks you then makes you buy plan B the next day, I also can't believe you've never fucked her ass she loves that shit man, goes wild for it," Jake says practically daydreaming about Brian's girlfriend while Brian works his cock.

"Jesus Christ man, what the hell, my whole relationship is a lie," Brian looks depressed.

"Oh, and by the way, you gotta change up where you cum man, she always complains that you only wana cum on her tits, but she's got a great ass, face, and mouth that cum looks great on too," Jake continues to pore on the details. "Mmmm fuck she loves tasting my cum," Jake moans.

"I just can't believe that you're telling me all of this, and why now?" these details are starting to really get to Brian.

"Well at least you know why our neighbors complain to you about how loud Michaela is when you fuck her, cause I think we both know that it's not from when she's fucking you," Jake laughs.

Brian is getting pissed and is starting to grip Jakes cock harder and work it faster than before.

"Oh shit bro, keep that up and im going to cum," Jake moans.

"How do I know you are telling the truth about all of this?" Brian asks.

Jake leans over and reaches for his phone, takes a few seconds then turns it around, there is an entire folder of images and videos filled with Michaela sucking and fucking Jakes massive cock. Brian's jaw drops.

"Told you that you'd be surprised at what shed let me do," Jake laughs.

Brian only increases his pace.

"I'm gunna cum bro!" Jake reaches up and brings Brian's face down to his cock "Open," Brian doesn't move his mouth and just hangs his head there frozen. Jake takes his other hand and presses on Brian's cheeks to make him open his mouth. Brian sticks his tongue out to receive the cum. 

"Oh fuck bro, I have fucked Michaela so many times, im surprised you haven't noticed she's almost never in the mood anymore to fuck you," with that Jakes cock began to erupt, the cum spewing in ropes over Brain's Face. The first few shots got up to his forehead and around his eye, then Jake brought Brian's head closer and they started to fill up his mouth. Brian stroking Jakes cock throughout the entire thing. As his ropes died down, Jake warned Brian not to swallow any of the cum in his mouth, the grabbed his phone again to snap a picture of Brian's cum covered face and mouth, also getting his massive cock and Brian holding it in the picture. 

"Now swallow," Jake ordered as he pulled Brian's head in to lick his cock clean. Brian complied actually liking the taste of Jakes cum.

After Jakes cock was all clean, Brian lifted his head up, face still covered in cum "Guess that answers my question about the size of your load," he joked as he scooped the cum off his face with his finger and proceeded to taste more of it, concentrating on the taste. Brian was trying to avoid thinking about the fact that his roommate has been fucking his girlfriend

Jake laughed a bit "Yeah, I guess it does, oh and Brian, if you break up with her or tell her or anyone about what happened here or what I told you about her, that picture I took won't be private for long."

*****

Hey guys, this was my first story so if you want to hear more about the situation or anything that happened, or have any comments on my writing style feel free to let me know, it's all appreciated! Thank you for reading!