 Thank you all for your kind words and support, and sorry it took so long for a part two. I hope you like it and hopefully there's a part 3 to come. All the characters are over the age of 18.

*****

My thoughts are soon interrupted by the sound of my door being opened and closed. I tilted my head to see Colby standing, still naked and hard with the same evil grin he gave Harper.

"You watched your son get fucked, now it's your turn Mr. Chase."

I just stare at him blankly, lost in the veins in his gorgeous cock. Is he real, does he really want pathetic old me or have I dozed of without realizing it? 

"Are you gonna just lay there staring at it or are you gonna come suck it?" He asked matter-of-factually.

My mouth had gone dry, but I managed to mutter, "I can't. Harper might hear."

"After that fucking I just gave your boy's hot ass, he could sleep through the apocalypse, now get you ass over here and worship my cock like I know you want to."

I wasn't going to try and fight him on it any more. I wanted him badly and he knew it, my prick showed in. I turned and stood out of my bed and headed over to him, my hardness bouncing up and down with each step until I found myself in front of his masculine body. I never broke eye contact as I lowered myself to my knees and took his dick in my hands. It was still a little sticky form his earlier activities. I could also feel it's heat and the throbbing of it in the palm of my hand. 

I saw a drip of precum oozing from his piss slit and I instinctively licked it up, causing him to shudder. I stared into his beautiful blue eyes and all I could see was lust. He wanted me and badly as I wanted him and I'll be damned if I don't bring him all the pleasure he deserves. With that thought, I stop my mind's wondering and got to the task at hand. I retract his foreskin and swirl my tongue around his helmet shaped head. He likes this. I place one hand onto each of his firm ass cheeks and pull his cock into my mouth. He likes this even more. He has his head thrown back as he runs his fingers through my hair and slowly thrussts his huge manhood into my hungry mouth.

"Oh fuck Mr. Chase. You suck my cock so good. Are you liking the taste? Cleaning your son's ass off of me. Yea, fuck yes, clean that fucking big cock."

I hate to admit it, but his dirty talk was turning me on even more. The fact that I was sucking the thing that was recently in my son's ass was hot, and I wanted more. 

"Oh god yes, just like that, suck my balls Mr. Chase, yea, just like that. You are a natural born cocksucker just like Harper. From the moment I saw his lips and his ass, I knew I wanted to own them both, shoot my cum, breed him, mark him as mine, just like I'm going to do to you. Do you want me to shoot my seed into that hot hairy ass of yours Mr. Chase?"

I couldn't respond with my mouth stuffed full of him, but I moaned a yes and he seemed to understand.

"Do you wanna hear about the first time I owned your son?"

I nodded again.

"The first day of practice, we both had to stay late and it was just us in the locker room. We were showering, and he dropped the soap, accidentally he claims, but I think he was offering himself up for me to take. Anyways I knew I needed his ass. I didn't hesitate. I bent down and stuck my tongue into that tight, smooth hole of his. He didn't fight, he didn't argue, he just stayed bent over moaning while I shoved my tongue into his hole getting him ready for my monster. We sat their in the steam of the shower, me tongue fucking his ass, his moaning loudly, I knew he was a virgin, the way he was reacting to my mouth was like he had just discovered heaven, but he hadn't seen anything yet. His body was trembling his stick was throbbing until he just started to spew out hot streams of cum onto the shower floor. He's orgasm was so strong I had to stand up and wrap my arms around him to keep him steady, but that got my dick rubbing against his tight hole and... oh fuck just like that Mr. Chase, god you're almost better than Harper, keep that up and you're gonna get my cum."

I took him out of my mouth, with my own hand furiously stroking my cock, "what happened next?"

"You wanna here about how I popped your son's cherry, you dirty old man?" I just nodded at him, and took him back into my mouth, "well I think you've more than earned it, so here you go: I couldn't wait any longer, and I wasn't gonna wait for him to adjust, I shoved my whole, thick nine inches into that tight little man-cunt of his. He screamed, partly in pain, mostly in Ecstasy. I pinned him against the shower room wall and just hammered in and out of him. Sawing my meat in out out of his hole, kissing on his back and neck, leaving marks, making sure all of him belonged to me. I fucked him with everything I had, making sure I- oh fuck, I'm getting close, keep going just like that-I, uh, I ruined his hole for all other men, it's mine now. His hole was so tight, and it was squeezing me every time I hit his prostate, I knew I wasn't going to last long. I let out a roar that could have been heard by anyone in a 5 mile radius. and dumped my cum in him. I pulled him back to me for a wet and sloppy kiss, told him he was mine now, and all he said was okay. We've been fucking like you watched tonight for months now, and I just never get tired of him. Oh fuck Mr. Chase, I'm going to blow in your mouth, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck yessssss!''

Much like in the story he was telling he let out a roar that anyone in the world with ears could have heard. He tasted a little bitter, but good. I wanted more, lots more. I hoped this wasn't the only time I'd get to share with him.

As his spewing stopped and he slowly began to return back down to earth, he looked down and noticed my still raging cock.

"You haven't cum yet," he questioned, "well we can't have that, get up on the bed."

I did what I was told and sat myself onto my bed as he knelt before me and took my dick in his mouth. Holy shit, it was incredible. If there was Olympic dick sucking they'd need to create something higher than first place, because he's skills are worth far more than gold. His warm, soft tongue, was sliding all around my cock like silk. He was bobbing up and down, his hands clawing at my back. He looked up at me with those crystal blue eyes of his and that did it. I shot all the cum left in my body into his mouth, and he swallowed it all, never losing a drop. God, he was amazing.

After the orgasm subsided and the cum was swallowed, he stood up and gave me a kiss, it wasn't nearly as passionate as the one he'd shared with my son not to long before, but it set my heart fluttering around in my chest. 

He pulled away and said, "thanks man, that was incredible," and began heading to the door.

"Wait!" I nearly shouted. he stopped and turned and looked back at me. I gulp and continued, "I thought you were going to make me yours, I thought you were gonna fuck me."

His now signature evil grin returned, "Don't worry Mr. Chase, there's always tomorrow, now get some sleep, you're going to need your rest." With that he turned and exited, making sure to leave my door open so I could watch his sculpted ass as he walked down the hall and rejoined my son in bed.

What the fuck did I just do, I thought to myself, and what the fuck is he gonna do to me tomorrow. Any guilt I might have felt for blowing my son's lover was overridden by my desire for Colby. I laid back down, covered myself up and drifted to sleep with eager hope of what tomorrow will bring.

to be continued...