 Bad Violet!!

Very bad Violet.

I know, some of you are probably pissed at me. How dare I keep you waiting for this damn long!!!!! Trust me, I am more disappointed in myself!! I let a lot of things get in the way of my characters and their stories. But trust and believe, I will work harder at doing my best at getting back to you the readers. If not for you I have no one to write for, and I must remember. I want to thank those who read "The Devil". If you haven' don't read this yet, and go back and read it!!!!!! You don't necessarily have to but, the characters do come up in this story. I APPRECIATE the love Dante and Sage received. I hope you are ready for Chance and Dusty.

This is a short chapter. I want you to get the feel for the atmosphere.

Violet 

-----------------------------------

Chance Montgomery stood from his office overlooking the crowd.

The boys were on point tonight. Which would make his night go by smoothly. 

He had finally gotten the boys organized, and their attitudes where better than what he gotten when he first bought the club. Not by Chance was the hottest male strip club in southern California. From the bay area, Malibu, and L.A. all the fags and the fag-hags were eating out the hands of Chance and the boys he supplied for entertainment.

But with the fame came the doubt, irritation, annoyance, rumors, and gossip.

Was Chance supplying more than a dance?

Did his boys take if further than lap dances?

He was quite frustrated by the constant interrogation, and the police visits.

Not to count the so called undercover work.

Well not so undercover.

A very large man walked into his club around midnight. Bulky up top, magnificent shoulders, probably abs to die for, and hard muscle thighs. His hair was bleach blond, and his eyes were a tell tale blue.

He sucker for blue eyes, and large men. 

He could go down and introduce himself to the giant, but it seemed his interest was already piqued, he was staring eye to eye with the man.

Something was up with the man.

The big guy was sipping water, and none of Chance's boys were around him. And his stare was scorching hot. Making Chance think of the many ways he could submit to the giant. 

He never submitted to anyone.

Didn't he learn the last time he though giving up control was a good idea.

He boldly stared back, but had to advert his eyes when he felt the tremor of submissiveness trickle down his spine.

He walked from the balcony into his office, and sat down on his plush computer chair. 

He was annoyed, and he need to fuck. 

To be fucked.

Or to not be fucked.

That was the goddamned question.

But before he could make up his mind to either go down there and demand that bastard to leave his cloud, or demand the giant to fuck him silly, his phone rang.

Looking down at his phone he noticed it was his best friend who happened to be his cousin, "Ciao, Dante!"

"How is my littlest cousin?"

"Listen here devil, just because I'm perfectly five feet doesn't give you charge to keep calling me that!"

He deeply rumbled, which came off as a laugh.

Shit, Dante was laughing!

Chance panicked, "Wait! You're laughing! Why the fuck are you laughing?"

"Chill Chance! Nothing's wrong,"

"Are you sure, usually you're growling and cursing."

"Well when you fall in love your perspective of life changes."

Right, Sage. His perfect husband. Who Chance hated.

He hated him because he has the most perfect bubble butt, but he nor his big headed husband wouldn't agree for him to dance a couple a nights at the club. He could have been a for-sure money maker.

"Tell the love of your life I said hello. What is he doing?'

"Resting after I fucked him through the bathroom shower."

Chance choked on the water he was sipping, "Damn, TMI"

He laughed again, "Well you asked. Listen, I need a big favor."

"No"

"But you have no idea what I'm going to ask."

He huffed, "Fine, what is it?"

"Sage has a cousin who should be coming your way in the next couple of days, he needs a job.'

"Is he a dancer?'

"No, Big D is not way shape or form material for dancing. He's as big as a truck."

"Well what in the fuck am I suppose to do with that?"

"Security Chance, you need it."

Chance though a moment, he did need some extra muscle with the dancers. There were plenty of complaints of drunken patrons. 

"Okay, when he gets here, I'll see what I can do."

"Thanks, well let me go. My husband is starting to wake, and I'm not finished with him yet."

Chance laughed, "Well let him eat something before you ravish him again."

"Will do, bye."

With the phone call done, Chance decided to look through some video admissions for dancers. 

Before he could start on the first tape, a knock came at his door. 

He walked up and peered through the peephole. 

It was the big giant.

Fuck, he didn't need this shit.

He opened the door slightly, "I'm doing something really important, if you have any questions you can ask the boy at the front door."

"Are you Chance Montgomery?" The guy had a southern accent. A sexy southern accent, and accent that could turn his knees into jello.

'Y-yes..and you are?"

"Dusty Park, may I come in"

What?

"No, what do you want from me? I'm very busy right now." 

A grin spread across Dusty's face, "I want a lot from you, but at the moment how about a job?"

Chance started to realize. southern accent. Sage was from the south. His cousin must be from the south. The cousin who probably had a southern accent.

"Please tell me you're not Big D?"

The sexy grin appeared on his face again, "In the flesh."

And in that moment Chance would realize that nothing was by chance, and his life was about to get even more surprising.