 Chris

 "Looks like someone had a fun weekend," my student teacher offered me by way of greeting as I came into the classroom.

 Instinctively, I covered my neck with my hand. Julian had left me with more than a few hickeys, but they were mostly out of sight with some strategically placed clothing. Or so I'd thought.

 "Good morning to you too, Rachel," I muttered.

 "Uh-uh, you're not getting away with it that easily. Let me see."

 Knowing how tenacious she was, I relented with a defeated sigh and removed my hand. She examined the bite with all the eagerness of a child on Christmas morning. She moved the collar of my shirt to the side, revealing a small series of matching purple spots.

"Wow, he really did some damage, huh? I have to admit, Chris, I'm a little jealous. Here I am, a university student, with the sex life of menopausal housewife. And you come waltzing in here on a Monday morning covered in hickeys. Life can be so unfair," she lamented dramatically.

"Rachel, I'd like to remind you that we are in an elementary school."

"Oh, come off it, Chris. The kids aren't even allowed inside the building until nine. Now spill it."

"You know, when I agreed to a student teacher, I was told I'd be getting a quiet, polite, professional young lady. I knew her at one time, and she did look remarkably like you. Do you happen to know where she may be so I can throw you back into the gutter you crawled out of?"

"Chris, you're twenty-six, not sixty-two! Heck, I know sixty-two-year-olds who are less uptight. And believe me, they'd be bragging at the top of their lungs if they were spotted with one of those," she gestured towards my neck. "Let alone a whole collection of them."

I sat down at my desk and took out a stack of papers to grade. Of course, that did nothing to deter her enthusiasm.

"You know what I think? I think you have more of those little guys all over you, not just on your neck."

My cheeks reddened, betraying me. "Don't you have anything better to do than pester me? It's barely 8:30 and I'm already being interrogated. I haven't even had coffee yet. Do you want coffee? I'm going to get coffee." 

"Chris," she whined. "Come on! You don't even like the coffee in the teacher's lounge!"

"That's because it tastes like sweaty socks. But that doesn't mean I want to get away from you any less."

She tried a different tactic. "You want to talk about it, I know you do. You don't come back from that without a tale to tell. And don't bother trying to feed me a story, because you talk big, but your eyes are hopeless liars."

"Good God, but you're stubborn," I muttered. Her eyes lit up at the sign of my surrender, but she made no comment. I snorted at her. "Now you're quiet. Yes, I met someone."

"Is that where you were Friday? Over at C.C Attle's looking for a someone?"

I had to smirk at her mention of the gay bar. "No, I was at my friend's wedding, like I told you I would be. Do you have selective hearing?"

"Yes. Now continue."

"I met him at the wedding. He's Samantha's - the bride's - cousin. That's it, there's your story. Happy now?"

She groaned. "Fine. Fine! Keep Mr. Mystery Man to yourself. I'll just take my uninteresting, lonely ass to this corner right over here and grade papers for you like a good student teacher should. I bet he's ugly."

I laughed at her shenanigans. "Good, thank you. And please, he's not ugly; I have better taste than you give me credit for."

"Was that a 'he's not' I heard? As in, present tense? Not past tense?"

"You definitely have selective hearing. And if you must know, yes, that was a purposefully chosen set of words. We've agreed to go out with each other. Will that keep you entertained for a bit while I do some actual work over here?"

"No, but nice try." She was back at full force with just the slightest amount of encouragement. "What's his name, then? What does he look like? What does he do?"

"What have I done? He is a veterinarian, he has wavy black hair, and his name is Julian."

"Ooh, Julian," she mused over his name. "He's a vet? Of course he is. That sounds exactly like the kind of guy for you. What'd you two do? I mean, aside from the obvious. of course," she waved towards my neck. "Do you have a scarf or something to cover those? I can already hear Mr. Holley's bitching. You know, he got on my case the other day for wearing a tank top without covering my shoulders?"

"Rachel, please try to get a handle on yourself. I don't care how miserable your sex life is. We're at work, and we've yet to accomplish a single thing."

"I'm just excited for you, Chris. You're the best guy I know."

The school bell rang them, bringing a sharp end to our discussion.

"I need Ms. Bell back now Rachel, okay?"

"Yes, Mr. Haze," she humored me.

"Good morning," I greeted the students filing into the classroom.

"Mr. Haze, what happened to your neck," Sadie, a little girl, gasped. From behind me I could hear Rachel's attempt to stifle her laughter. 

"I was playing with my friend a little too hard over the weekend and got a few marks. But they're not bothering me, so don't worry. Now go put your inside shoes on."

A giggle erupted from behind me. "Why's Ms. Bell laughing," Sadie asked.

"Because she's thinking about the gutter she came from again. Now go change your shoes."

