 Chris

"Did you like the movie," Julian asked as I locked the door behind us.

He had chosen the movie that night - a documentary on waste dumping in some river or other; in any case, not exactly my idea of a thrilling cinematic experience. I spent most of it stuffing popcorn in my face and watching Julian's somehow entranced expression trained on the movie screen.

I offered a half-hearted shrug in response to his question. "It was fine."

He was not convinced. "Next time we'll watch one of the silly sci-fi movies coming out that you love," he promised with a peck on my cheek.

Movies aside, the man had also been frustrating me in other ways of late. I stepped towards him and took his face in my hands, bringing it to only inches away from mine.

"After an almost three-hour long documentary, that's the best kind of kiss you can afford me?"

He gave me a half-smile and pressed his lips against mine, too softly for my taste. Just as I made an attempt to deepen the kiss, he pulled abruptly away.

I was going insane.

"Julian, what the hell?"

"What?" He looked at me with confusion, but behind those hazel eyes revealed that the reason for my outburst was not so mysterious to him. Well, it was time for him to speak up.

"What's going on with you lately?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"Yes, you fucking do know exactly what I mean. What's up with you? You've barely touched me in the past week. Why? Did I do something? Have you decided to revert to celibacy and forgot to tell me about it?"

It had been altogether too long since Julian and I had done anything more than cuddle at night; we'd hardly shared a proper kiss, and even when showering together he was being maddeningly chaste. For a relationship that was originally founded on a blowjob in a coat closet, intimacy was not an issue I would have expected to be facing with him at any point.

"Of course not, Chris. You haven't done anything."

"Then what gives? I can understand you not being in the mood, but it's been a week. And now I can't even kiss you? Why? We were fine - we were perfect. At least, I thought so, and I thought you did, too."

"Babe, we are perfect. We--"

"If that's true, then why doesn't it feel like it is? For fuck's sake, you told me you loved me and then - and now - nothing!"

"Christopher, I do love you." He took my hand and lead me to the couch, sitting us both down. He handled me cautiously, similarly to the way I imagined he handled the animals at work. Which was helpful, I'll admit - I was quick to get over-excited, and sometimes needed him to calm me down.

I looked at him expectantly.

"Chris..," he sighed and offered me a weak smile. "I'm not good at talking, you know that. Sorry."

"Fuck, I don't care if you start babbling in Italian, just talk to me."

"I'm an idiot, love," he began, making me smile slightly. As if I didn't already know that. He returned it and continued. "You told me about your past - and I'm honored that you trust me enough to have done so - but then the next morning we acted as if nothing happened at all. I mean, I got up and made waffles! What the hell kind of reaction is that? And then when you tried to bring it up after we'd eaten, I shrugged you off, kissed you, and had sex with you instead of talking. Jesus, Chris. How does that make me any better than the asshole who took advantage of you?"

I was incredulous. "Wait, what? Is that really how you feel, what you're so worried about?"

He nodded his head, somewhat sheepishly.

"Look, Jules, I love you. But if I want to talk about something - especially something important - a single kiss, even from you, isn't enough to completely derail me. You did not, in any way, take advantage of me. That's a preposterous idea."

"Is it, though? I basically ignored everything you'd told me the night before and all but forced myself upon you." He was looking frustrated, even guilty. He must really believe this. I would never, in a million years, have interpreted his actions the way he seemed to think I had.

"You didn't force anything upon me. Julian, it sounds like I have an entirely opposite recollection of what happened. I remember us having an amazing morning. And, for me, sex with you is the best thing ever. Bar none. But you...didn't you - did you not like it?" I was almost whispering by the time I stopped talking, not looking at him. It suddenly occurred to me that perhaps he felt like he'd forced me because he hadn't felt I'd been into it. Maybe I didn't make him feel wanted. Maybe now...he doesn't want me. It had been years since I'd felt unsure of myself as far the bedroom goes, and the first time with Julian; it was a dreadful feeling, and so much worse because it was him.

With a finger, he tilted my chin up to meet his eyes again. "Don't think like that," he murmured. "That's not what I meant. At all. I'm crazy for you, in every possible way. Which is why I know I am such an--"

I was not about to listen to his self-deprecation again.

"Quit it! You're not 'an' anything, Julian. You know what you are? My boyfriend. End of story. Do you want to know why I didn't try talking more about Lucas? Because I didn't have to. There was no need. You listened to me, you comforted me, you held me and told me you loved me. I woke up to you making me breakfast and treating me exactly the way you always have, not like I was some broken doll that needs to be tip-toed around. You showed me that you still wanted me, even knowing my deepest, darkest secret. Then you started getting into your own head, and now you're pitying me; I hate pity. I absolutely cannot stand it. Believe me, there was no better way you could have reacted than exactly the way you did. So stop freaking out, stop speculating, and stop thinking you did something wrong."

He took a moment to absorb what I'd said, then gave me a crooked grin. "I guess you're not the only one who over-analyzes things, huh?"

I gave him a blank stare. Talk about an understatement. I scooted closer to him and looped my arms around his neck.

"Kiss me. Now. Please."

His hand went to the nape of my neck, and with almost painful slowness, he brought my face to his. He gave me a fluttering kiss, barely brushing our lips against each other before pulling back to look at me. His eyes searched mine for a beat, and after having found whatever he seeked, took my lips again with a tinge of urgency that hadn't been there the first time. As our mouths met I let out a deep sigh, lending him the opportunity to slip his tongue between my slackened lips. He took no time in doing so, gently probing in before taking what I was so freely offering. What started off as a soft, reconciliation kiss quickly progressed to something more passionate as our breaths became more shallow and we found ourselves being drawn even closer together.

"I love you, Chris," he breathed as I sucked along his throat. "Sorry for being an idiot."

"It's alright. As long as you're my idiot," I chuckled.

"Only yours, baby."

And for as much of an idiot as he could sometimes be, he always knew the right thing to say. I also found that I was equally turned on by him whether he was telling me how much he wanted to fuck me, or being stupidly romantic and sweet. At that moment he was invoking the latter, and all I wanted was to have his naked body sprawled out beneath me.

"You have about eighteen seconds to get undressed and in my bed," I whispered seductively into his ear.

And just like that I had a beautiful, educated, fully-grown man scampering to my bedroom, leaving a trail of clothing behind him. I followed him at an only just more leisurely pace; screw suave nonchalance, I needed the man like I needed air to breathe, and if pushed, he may even have won out between the two.

I arrived to find him sitting at the foot of the bed, leaning back on his hands. Spotting me, a smile spread across his features as his cheeks tinted a lovely shade of rose. I went to him and bent down for a kiss, pleased at the way he eagerly reached up for me. This time, it was his breath that escaped to perfume over me as I traced over his back. Our searching hands grew greedier as our kiss stretched on; mine to fondle his firm ass, his pawing at the hem of my tee in a fruitless attempt to remove it.

"Your shirt," he mumbled against my insisting lips.

I tried playing dumb. "What about it?"

"In my way," he complained, disregarding my amused tone.

I gave him a smirk that he ignored and moved back just long enough to allow him to remove the obstructive piece of clothing, which he took no care in throwing aside. He looked up at me through his lashes with his lower lip caught between his teeth, looking uncharacteristically subdued. He grazed lightly through my chest hair, capturing my hardened nipples between his fingers and giving them a hard tweak.

"I like you better without a shirt," he murmured, running his hands down my chest. "But I like you best with nothing on at all."

He fingered the waistband of my jeans for a moment before hooking his thumbs inside, beneath my underwear, and pulled them down together. My cock excitedly sprung out the greet him, already fully alert with a pearlescent dab of pre-cum at the tip. I shrugged my pants off the rest of the way as Julian's hand wrapped around the base of my cock and gave a delicate squeeze. He languidly smoothed over my dick with a teasingly gentle grip, his thumb flicking over the head before sliding again backwards. His careful hold on me didn't tighten as he pumped, which had me in a state of anticipative frustration; I longed for him to strengthen his grasp, but still enjoyed the build-up.

Until he stopped.

I looked down at him to see his eyes locked on mine, his lips slightly parted and determined to have me between them. I watched as his warm mouth enveloped me, his facial features softening as if he were the one being pleasured rather than I. A soft moan slipped out of me as his tongue twirled around my tip, making his eyes light up with amusement. He pushed his head forward over me, steadily swallowing my entire length until I was poking the back of his throat and his face was buried within my crotch. His hands reached out to my hips to pull me closer to him as if he couldn't get enough of me. He slurped his way back off until he was holding onto me just with his pursed lips, then again brought me entirely into the wet depths of his mouth. He bobbed over me enthusiastically, earning a steady stream of approving noises from me. I tangled my fingers in his messy hair, clutching at small handfuls when his tongue taunted me in an especially pleasing manner.

I took a bunch of his hair and used it to pull him off me. He gave me a look that was either upset or confused or both, but I was too busy attacking his mouth with mine to analyze in-depth. He was quick to adapt, opening his mouth and snaking his tongue out to meet mine. I held him tightly to me, my hands roughly exploring his body - manhandling him, really. Simply put, I wanted him, and I wanted all of him

I shoved him backwards onto the bed, taking him by surprise. His hair fell into his eyes that widened with excitement, his cock thwaping against his stomach. I climbed over him, pressing my body flush against his, and hungrily returned my lips on his. He threw his arms around my neck - and even that small action made me crazy for him. There was nothing more intoxicatingly heady than knowing that Julian wanted me as I did him.

Then, not wanting to risk the both of us suffocating - though if I had to die by suffocation, I could only hope it was at Julian's lips - I broke our kiss. I trailed my lips down his chin, sucked at his exposed neck, and lavished his panting chest. When I came upon a small, hardened nub, it was only an instant before my tongue was circling it. My suckling was rewarded with a sharp gasp followed by a low moan. I clamped my teeth around him, eliciting from him a little yelp. With my left hand I teased the other sensitive bud, while my right caressed along the side of his body. When he arched his back up to me, I slipped my hand beneath him and held him even closer. I released his nipple and brushed my lips across his chest to its twin, giving it the same treatment I had the first.

I felt him rubbing his pelvis up against me, searching for friction I had yet to provide him with. I dragged my lips down his chest and stomach, stopping at his navel. I dipped my tongue into it, mimicking the more intimate act to come, before continuing along his happy trail that ended in a tuft of neatly trimmed curls. I inhaled his sexy, clean scent that lingered there before moving on to bring his aching cock into my mouth. I lowered my mouth over him until my nose met his pelvic bone. I moaned around him, making him shudder and groan, his hands flying to grab a fistful of my hair. I pulled off him, my tongue making designs over him and whirling around his tip, and bowed over him again. And again. And again. Over and over until he was pulling fretfully at my hair.

"Stop, stop," he hissed, trying to pull me off him.

This only spurred me on to suck on him with more voracity. His hips bucked up and another groan escaped him. My name came out in a whimper as he begged for me to halt my efforts. Relenting, I slowly slid my mouth off his cock. I kissed down his shaft, licked delicately at his testicles, and nipped at his inner thigh.

"Turn over," I directed him.

Immediately he complied, confronting me with his gorgeous ass. I placed suckling kisses on the rounded cheeks, licked along the seam between them, then moved myself up over him. As I bent over him he turned his head back to look at me; I dipped down to claim his lips in a lingering kiss before taking to the back of his neck, sucking and nibbling at the sensitive flesh. He shivered as I did, and continued to as I moved my lips across his broad shoulders, over his trim waist, and between his slim hips. I kissed the two little dents he had above his ass that may have been my favorite feature of his back, then nuzzled my tongue into the valley between his cheeks.

Quickly, I came upon his puckered hole; I massaged it gently, coaxing it to relax, and soon he was thrashing beneath me and eagerly receiving my tongue into him. I thrust into the tight ring of muscle, making it further loosen up, while I kneaded his ass with mild fingers.

"Chris," he panted breathily. "Please, love, I need you inside me."

That silly four-lettered word, when he said it to me, I'm sure would never fail to have me panting to please him in any way he desired. The man wanted to have me in his ass? So be it, I would be subject to his whim.

"Hand me the lube, baby," I requested him.

He raised his head, adorably disoriented, and frantically looked around him. I could plainly see it on the night-stand, but somehow his eyes completely glazed over it. Deciding it would be faster if I got it myself, I knelt over him and reached to retrieve the bottle of gel. As I did, he relaxed back into the mattress, resigning himself as useless in his lusty state.

I had to admire the erotic spectacle he made himself into: arms stretched forwards with his hands clasped together, head buried in the pillows, his back gracefully arched to present his lovely ass to me like a gift.

I sprinkled him with kisses as I assumed my position back between his spread legs that were tucked beneath him. Onto my fingers I applied a glob of lubricant and worked them gently into his ass; impatient as we both may have been, I wouldn't stand the possibility of hurting him. When I had three fingers stretching him and his ass pushing backwards desperate to receive me, I removed my digits from his hole. I coated my cock with more of the slick gel and pressed the head against him for a moment. At his insistent wiggling, I allowed myself to push into him, moaning as his tight heat surrounded me. When he had taken me to the hilt, I stilled inside him.

"You're okay, Jules," I groaned the question.

"More than okay," he huffed. "Don't stop."

I took hold of his hips and used them for leverage as I pulled almost completely out of him, then plunged back in. He cried loudly into the pillows, his body shuddering at the impact. Slowly, I built up a rhythm, gripping him tightly with my fingers digging into his smooth skin.

"Faster," his muffled voice demanded from the pillows.

Never one to deny the man in an arduous haze, I did just that. The volume of his moaning increased as I did, prompting a spike in my own desire for him. I pounded faster into him, hitting his prostate each time if his cries were any indication. My balls slapped against his ass with a small sting each time I slammed into him, serving only to further add to my enjoyment.

As I felt myself grow further to climax, I took my hand to his cock and stroked him in time to my thrusts. He whimpered at the dual sensations, spewing forth another dollop of pre-cum that I used to slide my hand over him. His snug channel contracted around me, luring from me a gravelly groan. I went harder into him and tightened my hand around his throbbing cock.

"Fuck, Chris, yes! So fucking good," he gasped, stretching out the Os in 'good'.

I was essentially jackhammering my cock into him by that point, my hand a flash around his steely prick. Our breathing was irregular and strained, both of us a chorus of satisfying cries. A warm heat churning in my stomach had me wildly bucking into him with frantic need.

"Come for me, Julian. Now."

A half-beat later, my grunted command was realized with a shout of my name. He shot jet after jet of lubricious white cream onto the sheets beneath him, spasming around me. I stopped neither my hand on his cock, nor my cock in his ass, wanting to give him as much pleasure as I could while his orgasm wracked through him. In turn, his ass rocked back against me and it was all I could do to let out a tortured moan, before succumbing and sending the evidence of my release deep into Julian's ass. I cried out his name intermingled with a couple of indistinguishable curses, burying myself as deeply into him as I could. Wave after wave of ecstasy rolled over me, until at last I'd emptied myself fully and could hardly support my own kneeling frame.

We collapsed together onto the bed, with me still inside him. Our panting bodies sheened from our sweat, muscles tingling from our amorous union. My breath in his ear was hot and heavy, as was his, the both of us struggling to come down from our blissful high of pleasure.

Somewhere later, between two infinities and half of forever, I moved to lie beside Julian. He noted my stirring, and with a fair bit of effort on his part, turned so he could face me. He regarded me with beatific expression, totally sated and content. He reached a hand out to me and brought me in for a soft kiss.

"Love you, Chris."

I smiled like a complete moron. "Love you, Jules."

We lay together for a while longer, at some point deciding to shower. Under the hot water, we washed each other with more affection in those twenty minutes than we'd exchanged in the entirety of the past week combined. More than once, Julian would grab me - by my hips, my hand, my hair - to give me a firmly-placed kiss. I hardly stopped touching him the entire time - either massaging him here, or flitting a caress there.

And while I reveled in our shared tenderness, I couldn't help but draw parallels between our passionate night and the strained week that had preceded it. Honestly, I had been more hurt by Julian's rebuffs, though well-meaning, than I wanted to admit. Every time he'd pulled away from my kiss, or said he was 'tired' (how cliché could the man get?), or brushed my hand off him and placed it back into my lap had taken a shot at my confidence - and I was a confident guy. I didn't doubt his feeling for me, not by a long shot, but that he didn't talk to me about what was bothering him sooner concerned me a bit.
