 Quick recap: my first gay sex was getting gangbanged in an adult bookstore during spring break. My second time was a one on one with a guy I met through a glory hole the day I got back up to school. Here's the thing...

So I'd been curious about sucking dick and getting fucked for a while and when I finally did it (and loved it) I went to the extreme. I ended up getting totally aroused by the idea of myself as the cum-slut. I gave in completely to the fantasy and ended up on the floor of an adult bookstore, completely naked, getting gangbanged from both ends by a long line of men. The thing that got me off was the idea of being the human fuck-toy, the slutty little girl who's only goal is to please the men who are kind enough to feed their cocks to her.

The weird thing was that back up at school, going one on one with another guy in the privacy of his apartment, I was just as turned on. What got me so hot the second time was completely different. That time it was the idea that I wasn't a nasty, depraved, cum-slut, but a normal guy going to a good college in the real world. A guy with a lot of good friends and a family and a job. I was a totally well adjusted normal guy. And I was naked in another guy's room, kissing him, licking him, sucking him, fucking him, savoring the taste of his cum.

The idea that I could be me, not some secret Halloween costume fantasy world alter ego, but myself, the normal college guy, AND be into sex with men (for a guy who's always been straight, it's quite a realization) was just as big a turn on as the idea of being a nasty disgusting cum-slut. It was the best of both worlds.

So anyway, back to the story. Ed and I had figured out that we both had the same hour off for lunch on Tuesdays and Thursdays. We had decided to meet on those days in the library at 12:15 so we could hit the stalls and suck each other off. This was perfect for the first week because I could not have made it through the whole week without sucking him, but my back-to-school obligations with my friends kept me pretty busy and I had little free time.

Ed had one roommate who had a girlfriend at another college about an hour away. His roommate spent many weekends at her school leaving Ed alone in his apartment for the whole weekend. The second weekend after we got back, his roommate left and we made plans to have a wild night. I, of course, already had plans with my old friends to go get drunk and hit on girls, but secretly I was plotting how to steal away and meet up with Ed. He was doing the same.

That Friday night around one o'clock I wandered, wasted, out of my usual bar, and headed off to Ed's place. My friends were too drunk to notice that I'd left and they'd probably assume that I left with a girl (which was my alibi). I showed up at Ed's just after he'd gotten home. He was only slightly less drunk than I was. We went into his room and immediately began kissing and taking off each other’s clothes.

Our tongues entwined and I felt the force of his kiss. He was being very aggressive, kissing me into submission. He forced his tongue deep into my mouth and licked and sucked and completely overcame me until I ended up on my back on his bed. We removed the rest of our clothes and he said that he was going to train me to be a good lover. I meekly gasped, "Okay, I only want to make you happy."

He went to his closet and returned with a jar of lube. "Spread 'em wide," he demanded as he greased up his fingers. I lay back and spread my legs and felt the cool, soft lube sliding around the outside of my asshole and his fingers preparing to enter. He worked in one finger and I was in heaven. In my drunkenness, there was no resistance and no pain, only pleasure. A second, and then a third finger slid in. I contracted my sphincter and squeezed trying to exhaust the muscle so it would loosen up more for my lover. He slid in his pinky and pushed in up to his knuckles. I felt my hole stretching and I tried with all my might to stretch it further for him.

At that point, he pulled out his fingers and stood up. "You're dirty, you little bitch," he said. So I was back to being the bitch. I loved it. "We're gonna have to clean you out." He didn't have any equipment to give me an enema, so he had to invent something. He took a 20-ounce Coke bottle and cut off the bottom, and then he dragged me to the bathroom. I got in the tub and he told me to roll up onto my shoulders with my legs by my head, as if I was trying to suck my own dick. In this position, my ass was totally exposed, straight up in the air.

He took the cut off Coke bottle and put the cap end up my hole. The bottle was to act as a funnel. He then took a glass and filled it with water and poured it into the funnel. I could feel the cold water rush up inside my rectum. Oh God, how good it felt! I wanted to be filled with it. The feeling of a large quantity of liquid filling me up inside was unbelievable. I instantly became rock hard. The water was a bit cold, though, and the apartment was a bit chilly as well, and I started to shiver.

"Cold?" he asked. "I guess that water was a bit lower than body temperature. Oh well, we can fix that." With that he climbed into the bathtub next to me and pointed his dick at the Coke bottle funnel sticking out of my ass. I realized what he was doing just as the first warm flood of piss started sliding down the bottle and into me. The piss was different; it was hot and it was a bit irritating, but that turned me on even more. I was ass up in a bathtub with a Coke bottle sticking out of my ass and a guy filling my intestines with his urine. I tough I might cum right then.

When he finished, he left the bathroom and told me not to leave until I was clean, inside and out. I sat on the toilet and I swear my ass could rival Niagara Falls for the sheer volume of liquid that flooded out. With the water and urine came all the shit that I had stored up in me. It took a few minutes, and made some horrible noises, but by the time it was over, I knew I was empty. I jumped in the shower to clean off completely and then went back out to the bedroom.

He was sitting on his bed watching a porno in which a woman was inserting an inhumanly large dildo into her pussy. I began to get a little bit worried, but my cock was as hard as ever. "Now where did we leave off?" he asked. He lubed up his fingers and re-introduced them to my glistening hole. Four fingers, right in, without hesitation, and I didn't even flinch. It's good to be drunk at times like that.

He played around with his four fingers and then worked in his thumb. He was having a hell of a time trying to get past the knuckles, though. Try as we might, we just couldn't get his fist into me. Then he pulled out a butt plug. At it's widest, the plug was 3 inches in diameter, which was roughly the size of his knuckles all squeezed together. He said, "You have ten minutes to get that plug up your ass," and he left the room.

Well I pushed and pushed and squeezed and relaxed and added more lube and stroked my prick and breathed in and breathed out, and on and on, and when he came back in, ten minutes later, I had a three inch diameter butt plug up my ass. He smiled a little and pulled it out. His hand shortly replaced it. This time he got in past the knuckles and halfway up to his elbow. The feeling was indescribable. He moved it around and stroked my rectum from inside. Again, I came just to the brink of cumming and I had to let my mind wander to less sexual things to keep myself under control.

He pulled out his hand and produced a new butt plug from the closet. This one had a five-inch diameter. It was huge. There was no way in hell that thing was gonna fit up my ass. He saw the look on my face and laughed. "You're not ready for this one, yet," he said. "But you will be." With that he shoved the smaller plug back up my ass and stuck his dick in my mouth. "Suck it you little bitch," he said. And suck it I did.

I was too aroused to hold back and I began stroking my own cock while I sucked his. My ass still wasn't used to the size of the foreign body that was lodged in my opening and it strained against it with every breath. Ed began spanking my ass while I sucked him and it only turned me on more. He kept talking dirty, calling me a slut and a whore and a skanky little girl. He was acting totally different from any other time I hooked up with him. 

He was right, though. I wanted him to call me that. I was a skanky little slutty whore. I wanted him to use me and abuse me. My body was his to do with as he pleased. If he wanted stretch my asshole beyond recognition, well then my asshole was gonna stretch further than any asshole before it had ever been stretched. I was his toy, his plaything, his cumbucket. While I was going over all this in my head, his cock began to swell and I got ready for my reward. Soon loads of sticky hot cum were shooting into my mouth. The taste was euphoria. I was careful not to swallow, trying to savor every last drop, living up to the title of cum-slut that I had been given.

I kept stroking myself and rolling his cum around in my mouth after he'd pulled out his dick. I was hotter and hornier than I'd ever been, but apparently I was pretty drunk, too, as I hadn't reached orgasm yet. As I played with myself and strained against the butt plug stretching open my ass, I felt the tip of Ed's cock reappear at my lips. I parted them to allow his now flaccid penis to enter my mouth. Soon I felt it jerk and the hot stream of piss, which had earlier filled my colon, was now running full speed into my throat. I tried to swallow, but quite a bit leaked out around my mouth and dribbled down my neck. I swallowed again and again and did all I could to keep it from spilling out of my mouth. Eventually it stopped as suddenly as it began and I held the last mouthful trying with all my might to appreciate the difference in taste between the fresh urine in my mouth and the aftertaste of a film of semen. 

It was then that a volcano of cum exploded all over my chest and stomach while my prostate and asshole squeezed against my new anal companion with all their might. It was the hardest I ever came in my life. Ed went to sleep on his roommate’s bed. I passed out where I lay, piss all around my head, cum all over my chest, and plug still firmly up my ass.

(Keep the feedback coming. I had 2 more months with Ed and then home and back to the adult store for my summer break.)