 I was long overdue for a vacation and since I wasn't seeing anyone I thought I'd take one alone, rather than with a friend or a group. And I didn't want to do what I'd done before, go to a gay resort where everything is so gay! gay! gay! An unattached dude at one of those places deals with too much shit. I just wanted to relax and I wasn't looking for a meat market, so I thought I'd go spend a week at a Caribbean resort I'd heard about. This was one of those pleasure-focused places where straights and gays vacationed together and nobody was uptight. Swimming and sunbathing were clothes-optional and, in fact, nudity was encouraged, in the European tradition. I'd even heard that the place was a hotbed for "swingers" who could let it all hang out here and meet like-minded hedonists.

I'd been here for almost a week, enjoying the warm, balmy days in the sun. Soon I noticed this really cute stud who laid out his blanket near mine. He was absolutely gorgeous, in his early thirties I'd say, tanned head to foot, and sleek and muscled. Naturally I wondered about him right from the start, especially when I saw he was wearing a wedding ring. But it was easy to see that there was no wife with him, he was alone. Though maybe she'd be arriving any day. I did see him closely eyeball some of the sleek-figured honeys parading on the beach, but he never made a move towards any of them, neither on the beach nor in the hotel, at dinner or in the bar.

We had glanced over and waved hellos at each other. I tried not to stare, especially at that meaty, perfectly shaped cock of his. I gathered by now that he was straight, but I thought I had once or twice detected him sneaking a peek at my body.

I arrived at the hotel dining room one night to see it pretty full, no empty tables, but there was the that dude, Dave, sitting alone. 

"Mind if I join you?" I asked. "There don't seem to be any free tables."

"Sure, that'd be nice."

For the first time we talked and he explained he had just sold a business and wanted to take a nice, long break before he did anything else. He was, in fact, married, but his wife was a busy fashion designer and it was high season for her, so she couldn't take time off to join him.

We talked and talked until the dining room emptied out.

"Feel like coming up to my room for a drink?" he asked, and my heart skipped a beat as I told him that, yes, I'd love to.

He made us drinks and we settled in.

"You must be missing your wife, and with all those sexy babes walking the beach..." I said.

"Yeah, I miss her," he said, "But they got these adult tapes downstairs and I bring one up with me at night. You know, they help release a little of that pent-up libido."

I'd heard the hotel made such videos available to guests.

"Feel like watching one with me?" he asked. We'd had a few drinks by now and were feeling nice and loose.

"Sure," I said, though I knew it'd be a straight tape.

A few moments later, there we were next to each other on the couch, staring at the TV screen where a nasty looking slut with big, silicone tits was riding this hugely thick cock. I looked over at Dave to see his eyes were glued to the TV.

"Man, he sure is hung," I said, taking a chance.

"Yeah, kind of reminds me of myself," he said with a smirk, feeling all loose now and a little cocky.

"You're shittin' me!" I said.

"I kid you not," he said, turning to me, catching my eyes gazing at the big bulge forming in his crotch.

"You probably pull it out about this time," I said.

"Yeah, I do," he confessed. "Right about now."

"Well don't let me stop you. Hell, I'll pull mine out too.

This is making me hot," I said. Of course I wondered if he guessed I was gay, or he thought I was a straight dude like him, getting all hot and bothered by the sex tape we were watching, really wanting to lay my hands on it to relieve the itch.

Now we both unbuckled and unzipped, tugging out our dicks. 

My eyes went wide when I saw his. It wasn't fully erect, but, like he said, it was huge!

"I guess you weren't kidding," I said, looking over.

Pretty soon both of us were stiff and thick, fisting our shafts as we stared at the nasty action on the TV screen.

"Man, I haven't jerked off next to another guy since I was in the service, in boot camp," he confessed.

"What other nasty things did you do in boot camp?" I purred as he gave me a long, deep look, but said nothing.

After a few minutes more of this I just couldn't hold back anymore. "Hey, how about we switch," I said. "I reach over and take hold of yours, and you take hold of mine?"

This was the moment of truth for Dave, vacationing here without his wife. He hesitated a few seconds, then slid his hand up my thigh and took hold of mine as I did the same to his. 

"Oh man, you really are thick," I said, now that I held him in my hand. "How many inches you carrying down there anyway?"

"My wife used to love to measure it all stiff when we first got married, announcing each time it was an even ten inches."

"I'll bet she just craves those ten inches of yours," I said, teasing him, as I now held that ten-inch beauty in my hand, stroking it sensually.

Now the woman on the TV screen got on her elbows and knees and the dude got behind her, sliding his big cock up her ass.

"Your wife let you do that to her?" I asked.

"No, never," he said. "She said that's something she just can't manage, she did try a few times. And I sure have wanted to. You'd think having a big cock is great, but I've never met a woman who was willing to risk taking mine up her ass."  

"So you've never done that?" I asked, seeing opportunity. 

"No, never," he said, looking over at me.

"Well I just happen to know someone who might let you park that big old thing of yours up his ass," I growled, looking straight at him.

"Sounds like it might be fun," he said, forgetting about the TV screen now, looking over at me.

"Why don't we start with this," I said, suddenly dropping to my knees in front of him, holding on to his cock as I looked up at his face one more time before I went to work. Now I got down to business, licking his big balls, then dragging my tongue slowly up the length of his shaft, tonguing the taut skin of that beautifully rigid penis, until I got up to his cockhead. I looked up at him to see his eyes were closed, a look of sheer ecstasy on his face, as I now wrapped my lips around it and began to suck his cock in earnest.

"Mmmmmmmh, yum, yum!" I purred. "That was tasty. Now how about I have a taste of something else."

I wondered how he'd go for this, whether his wife did it to him? I pushed back on his strong, muscular thighs, exposing his butt and spreading apart his cheeks. Then I dug in to rim the hairless crack. He groaned when he felt my tongue in his asshole, pressing back on my head, wanting contact.

"Like that?" I asked, finally pulling away.

"Yeah, I like it; I like it a lot," he said. I wondered when was the last time he'd done it with a guy, so I asked him.

"Never, honest," he confessed. "This is the first time; I've always been straight, never done it with a guy before."

That only made everything twice as exciting!

"Hey, stud, I promised you my butt, so now let me give it to you," I said, "Got any suntan cream or lotion around? For that thing of yours I'm gonna have to be well greased!"

He reached over to a table and handed me a tube.

"Why don't we take these off now," I said, tugging off his pants and briefs, then taking off my own clothes as he took off his shirt. We stared at each other now, stark naked, dicks hard.

I squeezed a big dab of the cream onto my fingers and reached back to work it in my crack, Dave watching avidly, fisting himself in anticipation as I lubed up for him.

Then I got up on the couch on my knees and stuck out my ass for him, reaching back to hold myself open, looking back to see him gazing down between my cheeks, cock in hand, poised and ready.

"I'm all yours," I said as he knelt behind me, wedging his hard, smooth knob against my greased sphincter. And then he just started pushing...

"Go slow," I said, knowing I hadn't been fucked in weeks and probably in years by a cock as big as Dave's.

Dave sure seemed to have no trouble applying his fucking skills and experience to something new, a hot, ready male ass! Now I just closed my eyes and concentrated, relaxing my muscles, as Dave slid that cock of his up my ass, inch by thick inch.

"That too deep?" he asked at one point, as I winced.

"No, just let me catch my breath, then keep going."

He kept going okay until, finally, he had buried the full length of his cock, all ten inches, up the hot, dark depths of my ass. God, I love to get fucked! Especially by a stud equipped like this one, who knows just what do with all his equipment!

"Oh yeah, fuck me!" I said, craning my neck to look at him. "Fuck my hot fuckin' ass!"

Now he grabbed hold of my hips and really began to pound it into me, burying his shaft in my depths as he reached around to take hold of my dick. This dude was a natural; it's like he'd been doing it all his adult life. Not only was he thick and long, but he was so fucking hard he felt like he was made of metal, not flesh, as he pumped that steely rod of his up my ass with smooth, rugged, relentless strokes.

"Oh shit!" he suddenly groaned and I knew the thrill of it just got to him. I could feel his dick, in the tight grip of my sphincter, throb and pulsate, and I knew Dave had just unloaded inside me, flooding my bottom with his virile offering.

Afterwards we walked over to the Jacuzzi and settled in there for some soothing relaxation, Dave's face glowing in the aftermath of his unexpected pleasure.

"You know, you never got off," he said to me now, finally realizing it. "What about it?"

"Well, what about it?" I said, lifting myself up from the Jacuzzi, sitting on the rim, my erect cock sticking straight up. I didn't have to say anything, Dave just took it in his hand now, looking up at me.

"Yeah, do it," I purred. "I know you want to."

And he did, lowering his face to lick my balls and my cock, to suck it as I had sucked his. Again, the dude just had a knack for it, wolfing down my dick with keen enthusiasm.

"How about I fuck you with it?" I said, sensing that by this time Dave was game for just about anything.

"Okay," he whispered, breathing deeply, knowing he was moving to a new threshold. Straight guys, they're often happy to have you suck their cocks or to fuck you, but when they're finally ready to turn around and offer it to you, then you know they're on the brink of something very new and different.

We got out of the Jacuzzi and dried each other off. Then I had him get up on the bed, on his stomach. I brought my face down between his cheeks and rimmed him again, really driving my tongue in his ass, as he moaned excitedly, loving it.

"Where's that cream?" I asked as he pointed it out to me.

Then I slowly and sensually lubed him up, working a couple of stiff fingers inside to loosen him and get him accustomed to it. God, he was tight. But the way he was pushing back on my fingers, I knew he really wanted it, wanted it badly now!

Slowly I slid it inside him as he just moaned and gasped, never stopping me, wanting it all. As I pumped it in, I stared down at that smooth, gorgeous butt, rippling with muscles.

"Let's turn around now and you get on top so I can see you," I said, as I rolled over and he rolled over with me, on top now. There he was, riding my cock, his own sticking out in my face 

"Like it? I asked. "Like having a cock inside?"

"Uh huh, I love it!" he enthused. 

He was really bearing down hard now, impaling himself on it, making sure to take every last inch inside his bottom. True, the dude had a couple of inches on me and so he had managed to get his deeper than I was now getting mine. But I'd had dicks of all sizes and shapes buried up my butt, while this straight stud, if he was to be believed, had never been fucked before. For a novice he sure was willing and able to take it!

His big, smooth cockhead, the size of a plum or apricot, was staring me in the face. If I were a little shorter and if his admittedly hugely long dick were an inch or two longer I actually would've been able to suck his cock now, to suck his while I was slamming mine up his hot, tight bottom. As it was, I held that big shaft in my hand, reaching out with my tongue to lick the sensitive tip while he rocked on mine, giving himself a hell of rectal massage, courtesy of my stiff, probing cock.

"I don't know if I can shoot another load," he said, as I milked him. "That last one was really something."

Shit! He sure didn't have to tell me that. His spunk was still dripping out of my dilated hole.

"Oh I think you can," I said, twisting him sensually in my hand, licking the underside of his knob, desperate to see him shoot it. "This time you can cum on my face."

He liked that idea, because a minute later I could feel his dick pulsating in my hand as he splattered it all over my face, semen shooting out of him like some white hot lava out of a volcano. Man, this stud must've been saving it up, the way he unloaded not once, but twice, and really heavily both times!

With his hot cum dripping down my face I could sense the pressure building in my nuts and then I felt it, that familiar sharp spasm of pleasure, as I unloaded inside him, rinsing out his rectum with my spunk this time.

"That was nice," I said as he finally lifted himself off me and we lay down next to each other.

"Real nice," he said, an easy convert. "We'll have to do it again tomorrow night! Every night while we're both still here together."