 This story is purely fantasy and in no way relates to anyone alive or dead. Also even though this story illustrates bareback sex I would always encourage safe sex, especially with unknown partners.

Thank you to all the wonderful comments for the New slave story. I'm so glad you all enjoyed it. I've gotten a real bug for this story writing, I'll be adding more over the next few months. 

***

I reach the door to my favourite club, I need to relax.

It's no ordinary club, no it's a fetish club and not just any fetish club. This one has show's where some guy is bound and abused in front of an audience. I really enjoy the shows and sometimes take part abusing some willing young guy for the pleasure of the audience.

I enter and show them my membership card, I pay a small entrance charge and then I check in my large winter overcoat. It's warm in here as opposed the the harsh winter chill outside. There is a mirror in the foyer and I check myself out. I'm 52, around 5'9" and going slightly grey with a full head of hair. I'm not overweight but I could probably do with working out to trim myself up a bit. I think I am fairly handsome, I like my face anyhow and I don't seem to have to much problems meeting younger guys. I'm wearing leather chaps, a leather pouch that only just contains my 9" cock, a leather waistcoat and a peak leather cap. I turn round and check out my bare ass, I'm pleased it still looks pert and fuckable at my age.

The club is a complex of rooms, some are just small rooms with benches, some have bondage apparatus and some are cubicles with glory holes. The main room is the show room, with a main stage area surrounded by tall tables and stools for the audience. Opposite is the bar and I head straight there to purchase a drink. As the barman is fetching my beer I look around and see it's fairly busy, quite a few middle aged guys and a small number of young guys. They are all dressed quite differently, one guy is dressed only in leather hot pants while his partner who is lead around by a leash has a rubber apron on and nothing else. One guy looks as though he has just come from the office wearing a very nice suit, I guess he probably has. 

The barman hands me my beer and I look for an empty table, there is only one near the back so I head towards it. Just then I notice a young guy enter the room and sit at the very same table. He looks to be in his early 20's wearing cargo shorts and a check shirt. He's quite cute, slim, around 5'7" with messy blond hair and horned rimmed glasses, I've always had a thing for the geeky look and I see some of the predator types watch him as he sits down. I know some the guys in here would pounce on such a fresh face but I'm almost at the table and I have already decided I would join him.

"Hi, do you mind if I join you? There are no other tables available" I say. He looks up at me a little startled.

"N-no," he stammers. And immediately looks down at the floor. Wow this boy is shy.

There are four stools around the table but I pick one that puts me right next to him. I can tell this makes him a little uncomfortable but I'm banking on him not moving his stool away for fear of offending me, he doesn't. 

"I haven't seen you here before, is this your first time?" I ask. He nods and steals a sideways glance at me, I can see he was looking at my pouch.

"You'll enjoy the shows," I say, "I always come for the shows, they're really good."

He smiles and looks at my face briefly before looking back at the floor. Damn he's handsome.

"What's your name?" I ask.

"Andy," he squeaks.

"Hi Andy, I'm Ben, nice to meet you," and I offer my hand.

He seems reluctant but gingerly he takes my hand and shakes it. His grip is light, quite feminine and soft. His touch sends shivers down my spine. Rarely have I encountered a touch like his but every time I have, sex with that person has always been amazing. I decide there and then I will have this boy.

The music changes and the curtains are drawn apart. On the stage is a young guy, he looks around 18, the youngest on stage I have seen yet. He's blindfolded, wearing headphones and a ball gag, I like it, sensory deprivation. He is still fully clothed, wearing tight jeans, and a tight shirt but his hands are tied behind his back. He is slim and nicely toned and is very handsome, with short black cropped hair. Also on the stage is a large frame with various loops and chains on it. Some of the guys wolf whistle at seeing such a cute young guy on stage.

On stage with him is Robbie, his master, a large man with a body that shows he visits the gym regular. He is wearing only a pair of jeans and his muscular chest is covered with fine black hair. His face is rugged with a square angular jaw and a shaved head. He is wearing a leather harness around his chest with makes him look even more manly. I've known Robbie all the years I've been coming here and we often share our boys with each other, especially when performing shows. I'm very interested in what Robbie has has in store for this young teen. I glance at Andy and see he is engrossed in what is happening on stage already.

Robbie walks up beside the young man, places one hand behind his neck and in one movement tears the t-shirt from his body. The boy jerks and lets out a muffled cry of shock. Robbie then unties the boys hands from behind his back then ties his arms above his head to a winch in the centre of the frame. Robbie then pulls a set of stocks from the side of the stage in front of the boy. He opens the stocks and lifts each of the boy's feet and places them in there closing it afterwards. The boy is now hanging and the bottom of his feet visible to the audience. I know what is coming as Robbie removes the gag from the boy's mouth so will be able to hear his cries.

Robbie then starts to lightly stroke the boy's feet. He gasps at first then as Robbie expertly tickles his souls the boy starts to laugh loudly as he twists and turns to try and escape the tickle torture.

"Please stop! Arghhahahaha!" He cries. But Robbie continues. He keeps it up for a good 3 or 4 minutes and the boy is breathless from laughing so much. Soon Robbie stops and fetches a riding crop, he swipes it at the boy's feet hard. The boys screams loud with the pain. Robbie cracks the whip down hard again and again the boy wincing and struggling to break free, his screams getting louder. I look at Andy and his gaze is fixed hard on the action on stage.

Eventually Robbie releases the boy's feet from the stocks moving them off stage. We can hear the boy sobbing a little as his feet touch the floor. Robbie then presses a button on the side of the frame and the winch whirrs into action lifting the boy up until he is dangling. Robbie then unfastens the boy's belt but instead of immediately pulling his jeans off he slowly lowers them, teasing the audience at what this boy has to show us. Robbie slowly spins the boy round as he gradually eases down his jeans and boxers pausing to stroke and tickle the boy's supple body. My cock is begining to grow as the boy's jeans are now just at the start of his cock showing his neat trim pubes and his pert ass, round and really fuckable . Robbie pulls the jeans lower and we can now see the base of his cock, he looks to be hard as it's being pulled down with his jeans. Suddenly his cock springs free and I hear sounds of approval from the audience as we look on his very stiff 7" cock. His balls are tight large and smooth and his cock bounces as he flexes it in anticipation. I look around and see various members of the audience are now rubbing their crotches. Robbie finally removes the last of the boy's clothes and he is now hanging there stark naked, still blindfolded and still with the headphones on.

I look at Andy and he is now leaning forward, he obviously has an erection and is trying to hide it. Robbie now puts on the boy a leather cock ring and tie's his balls with string so that they are tighter and away from his body. He then attaches nipple clamps causing the boy to yelp with the sudden pain as they pinch his little nipples. Robbie then fetches a whip, a cat of nine tails, with many strands of leather. He spins the boy and starts whipping him hard. They boy screams with the pain. The whip lands indiscriminately on the boys body, making red marks across his back, buttocks, stomach, chest and sides.

"ARRRGHH! PLEASE STOP! PLEASE!" he screams. I've witnessed many beatings on this stage and most can tolerate the pain but the boy seems to have a much lower pain threshold as he is now bawling.

My cock is now breaking free of the pouch and it's head is poking out of the side. I adjust it so that it now sticks out further, I'm not shy about showing off my large cock. My movement causes Andy to steal a sideways glance, his jaw drops open and he immediately looks straight back at the stage. He doesn't seem to believe what he just saw and I see him steal a couple of more glances at my cock. I pretend not to notice him looking. Around the room some are obviously stroking their erect cocks through what ever clothing they are wearing. I then see the guy in the suite take out his cock completely, a good 6" and fat too. Andy has noticed too and is more obvious that he is looking at this guy's cock.

On stage the whipping has stopped and the boy sobbing heavily is lowered to the floor. Robbie walks up to him and kisses him passionately helping to calm his sobs. Robbie then pulls a padded bench from the back of the stage to the front and after untying he boy he gets him to lye face down on it. He shackles they boys hands to the legs of the bench so he can't get up then lifting up his ass straps his legs down too. The boy ass is now up in the air facing the audience and his head against the leather of the bench. The boy's ass is hairless, completely smooth and his little brown hole is winking away at us all in anticipation of what is going to happen to it. Robbie then starts gently stroking the boy's hole and applying lots of lube, he whimpers at the sensation.

My cock is now really hard and I decide to remove my pouch, as it falls away my cock springs up and it's full 9" is now pointing straight up. Looking straight ahead at the stage I see from the corner of my eye Andy taking another good look at my cock, he adjusts his own cock as he seems to be uncomfortable. As I turn to look at him he notices and immediately returns his gaze to the stage swallowing hard. I smile as I now know he will soon be mine.

Robbie has now introduced a large black dildo, a good 10" and thick, the audience gasp as he brings it nears the boy's expectant hole. He slowly pushes against the boy's tight ring piece and he shouts loudly as it finally breaks through. My cock is so hard now it's starting to hurt, so I slowly stroke it. Andy takes another look and I pretend not to notice. The boy on stage shout's again as the dildo slips deeper into his ass. Andy looks back at the stage and tries to adjust himself again. I take my chance and grab Andy's hand, he gasps at my touch but doesn't look away from the stage. I can see he is breathing heavily now as I guide his hand to my cock. He swallows hard as I place his hand on it, his fingers immediately wrap around my pulsing tool. I let out a little groan as he squeezes it.

Robbie is now fucking the boy with whole length of the dildo.

"Oh yes! Fuck me! URGGH! Fuck me with that thing!" he shouts, his hard cock bouncing underneath him as he pushes back to meet the thrusts. I look around and see most of the audience now have their cocks out and are stroking away. Andy is now stroking my cock his gaze still firmly on the stage. I reach over and place my hand on his his bare knee, he sighs as my fingers gently caress his skin.

Robbie has now released the boy on the stage and tied his arms to each side of the frame. He has placed a smaller lower bench between the boy's legs and stuck the dildo to it. The boys legs are also tied to the sides of the frame but only so he can squat down. Doing so means he will impale himself on the dildo and when he feels it at his hole he immediately lowers himself onto it. He is soon fucking himself on it, his cock bouncing with his rhythm. 

I move my hand higher up Andy's leg pushing up the material of his shorts. He swallows hard then sits back showing me his bulge, It's quite a size, not sure how big yet but I'm definitely looking forward to setting that thing free. His skin is smooth, very smooth, like silk and it's turning me on even more just touching it. Andy still keeps his gaze on the show and as my fingers tickle his skin, I hear him whimper out a small moan of pleasure. I lift my hand and place it on his bulge and begin to stroke it, he groans louder but does nothing to stop me, all the time he is wanking my cock. 

Getting off my stool I move behind Andy and wrapping my arms around him I begin to unbutton his shirt. He protests by putting his hands on mine and trying to stop me but I'm persistent.

"It's ok, I just want to see your chest" I say.

I soon have his shirt completely undone and I open it wide to reveal his flat smooth chest with a lovely pair of pert nipples begging to be tweaked. I gently caress his chest and he groans with pleasure, some of the audience look round. I deftly unfasten his belt buckle with one hand while I caress him with the other, he doesn't seem to notice. I then lean forward against him, my weight causing him to get off his stool and stand up. As soon as his feet touch the floor I quickly kick away the stool then before he can do anything I whip his shorts and boxers down to his ankles, his cock breaking free and slapping his belly hard. 

"No!" he cries and he tries to bend down to pull them back up but I'm too quick for him and my arms go under his armpits and pull him back up, my foot on his shorts stopping him from lifting his legs.

"Please no!" he protests, some of the audience turns to look again. I'm holding him now in a half Nelson, his groin pushed forward. His cock swaying fully erect in front of him, it's quite magnificent, a good 8", circumcised and with a beautifully formed head. My head is next to his as I look over his shoulder, I can feel the heat from his face as the embarrassment and humiliation hits him. Here I am holding him virtually naked his cock for all to see and they do just that, many of them watching me and Andy to see what happens next. With one arm I hold him tight across his chest and with the other I take hold of his cock and slowly stroke it.

"Please stop." he begs but I ignore him. His smooth round buttocks feel nice against my hard cock and I find my self looking forward to burying it in his ass.

The activity on the stage is getting more urgent. Robbie is pulling on the nipple clamps as the boy pounds his ass down on that huge dildo.

"OH FUCK! I'M GOING TO CUM!" he shouts. Suddenly Robbie whips off the blindfold and headphones. The boy looks around in horror and I realise he had no idea he was part of a show. The boy's face goes bright red as he slams down on the dildo, his cock explodes a torrent of cum shooting far across the stage. Some of the audience applaud and some lose it and blow their load, the guy in the suit amongst them. I almost lose it my self as I see the look of humiliation on the boy's face as he delivers his load, it really is priceless.

Suddenly I'm aware that Andy has tensed up and he has flung his head back on my shoulder. I look down in time to see his cock erupt a huge amount of cum, spurting a good 8 feet in front of him. 

"Wonderful," I whisper in his ear.

"YOU BASTARD!" I hear the boy on the stage shout. Robbie immediately replaces the ball gag and the curtains are drawn closed ready for the next show.

I spin Andy round as he finally finishes cumming and give him a passionate kiss, he tries to pull away but I'm stronger and hold him firmly my hand on the back of his head. Eventually he succumbs and returns the kiss. Now I have kissed many boys in my life and while some are like kissing a wet fish, some have been wonderful kissers. However Andy's kiss is mind blowing, I have never experienced such a wonderful kiss as this ever before in my life, it sends shivers down my spine. I eventually pull away feeling as though I had just snorted a whole jar of poppers. 

"I have to go," he says, still humiliated at the whole thing. My heart skips and I realise I'm infatuated with him, I cannot let such a beautiful boy slip away from me, I have to own him and I know just how to do it.

"You're not going anywhere, I haven't finished with you yet," I say as he bends down to pull up his shorts. I quickly grab his cock and balls and pull him back up causing him to yelp. I firmly lead him by his cock across the theatre floor towards the stage.

"Ow, please stop, Ow your hurting me!" he protests grabbing my arm to steady himself. His shorts are still round his ankles and he has no choice but to shuffle along behind. We enter through the curtains and see Robbie leading his boy back stage.

"Hey Robbie, mind if we take the next show?" I ask.

"What! No!" Andy shouts as he tries to pull away.

"Shut up or I'll pull your cock off!" I snap. I wouldn't of course but the threat had the desired effect.

"Well it was supposed to be Jason and Connor next but that's a pretty young thing you have there, the punters will love him. Sure go ahead," Robbie replies.

"Please don't," he begs trying to pull my hand off his cock.

"Strip!" I command him.

"Please let me go," he begs.

"I SAID STRIP!" My voice more threatening and I see it startles him. I squeeze his cock and balls hard and he cries out in pain. Reluctantly he removes his shirt, then I let his cock go and he bends down to remove his shoes, socks and shorts. 

I nod over to Robbie and he presses a button, the curtains slowly open. Andy has his back to the audience so I firmly spin him round, the audience applauds and several guys wolf whistle. Andy is obviously feeling very self conscious about his nudity in front of all these strangers as he stands there slouched and whimpering and trying to hide his huge erection with his hands. I pick up a riding crop and whip his hands with it, not too hard but enough for him to yelp.

"Get you hands behind your back!" I order, "I want you to show everyone what a magnificent cock you have."

Reluctantly he slowly moves his hands behind his back but he is still slouching so I put the crop under his chin.

"Stand up straight, I'll not have slouching in my presence!" I bark, "I want everyone to admire your sexy body."

He looks at me, surprised I would say such a thing, he obviously has self esteem issues. He stands up a bit straighter but it seems he isn't used to standing proud.

"Get that chest out," I say whipping him across it with my crop. He yelps and pushes his chest out. I look at his beautiful body, his cock pointing proudly skywards. My cock twitches, this boy is really turning me on.

"From now on you are only to call me Sir, is that understood?" I say. He nods and I whip him hard across the back of the legs causing him to yelp and whimper, "Say it!"

"Y-y-yes," he stammers, I whip him again, "Ooww!" He cries.

"Yes what?"

"Y-y-yes Sir."

"Good boy," I say as I gently tickle his tight ball sack and softly kiss him on the lips. He gasps at my touch.

I take his hand and begin to cuff him to the top of the frame.

"No please don't," he begs trying to pull away. I whip him hard across his backside.

"What did I say about calling me Sir!" I bark.

"S-s-sorry Sir. P-p-please d-d-don't tie me up," he sobs rubbing his backside. I look at him and see tears are forming in his eyes, I suddenly want to stop and hug him to make him feel better but I know if I am to own him I have to continue with what I am doing. I ignore his request and although he is struggling I'm much stronger and don't have much problem shackling his arms.
