 I must have stared at that computer screen for hours to no avail. It had been a few months since my girlfriend and I split up and I hadn't gotten any since. I had heard about a website that allowed people to post ads for no strings sex and thought it might work for me. I set up a profile and looked at a few profiles but nothing really intrigued me. I decided to post an ad of my own to see what would happen. It wasn't much, just said that I was looking for sex and what I looked like, "30, Good looking, 6', 160, Blonde hair, Blue eyes, Average Build." I got a few spam messages but nothing from an actual person until it came. 

The message said "I know I'm not what you're looking for, but I thought I might take a shot. I can help you get off tonight if you don't mind getting sucked off by a dude. A bj is a bj, is it not? If it helps you can just close your eyes and pretend it's just your girlfriend. Let me know soon, I can't wait all night. Eric"

Feeling really horny and not seeing anything else forth coming, I found myself considering his offer. If I let a guy suck my dick, would that make me gay? What if I thought about a girl would that make it ok? I pondered these questions for a little while and ultimately my need for relief won out.

I wrote a message to Eric and nervously pressed the send button. Within a few minutes he replied back.

"I'm so glad to hear back from you. Call me so we can make this happen. You will not regret it."

At the bottom of his message was a phone number. I grabbed my phone. Was I really gonna do this? Was I really gonna call this guy? I looked down at the phone and realized that I had dialed his number and the phone was ringing. Before I could hang up he was on the other line. He gave me his address and told me to come by in about an hour. I agreed and hung up.

I quickly showered, hopped into the car and made my way to Eric's house. At the appointed hour I was knocking at his front door. He introduced himself and let me in. He was about my age, mid 30's, about 6'2" tall and a muscular body. He showed me to the living room and offered me a drink. He returned a few moments later with a beer in each hand and wearing nothing but a bathrobe. I could tell he wasn't wearing anything underneath because his cock was peeking out from the opening every time he took a step. It looked to be about 4 inches but it was totally soft. I don't know why but I couldn't help but look at it. 

"Here," he said as he handed me my beer, breaking my trance. "Have you ever done anything with another guy before?" He asked.

"Never," I said. "The thought has never even crossed my mind before today, and even then I'm only here because yours was the only response I got. How bout you?"

"I'm Bi," he replied," I'm married but occasionally I like to be with another guy. I consider myself a Dom Top but on a rare occasion, I enjoy just sucking off a hot guy like yourself."

We finished our drinks and Eric led me to his bedroom. I stripped down and laid on the bed. He opened his robe and let it fall to the floor. He climbed between my legs and licked my balls. I closed my eyes and tried to think about some girl going down on me make things feel more comfortable.

He worked his way up my shaft. I was fully hard now. He licked his way to the head, running his tongue up the piss slit. It felt so good. He swirled his tongue around a couple of times, placed my cock head on his lips and sucked me in. I had never had a Blowjob as good as this before in my life. 

I closed my eyes again. All I could think about was a man was sucking my cock and it made my dick even harder. I could feel and hear Eric shift himself. I was in a trance and did not notice where. Weird thoughts were running through my head. For the first time in my life, I found myself wondering what it might be like on the other side of this, what it would be like to suck a cock. 

I brought myself back to reality. Eric was now next to me still sucking my cock. I felt like was about to come. Before I could say anything, Eric backed off and I was able to relax enough so that he could keep going. 

I turned and saw his cock was at full mast, he was about 8 inches long. I looked down and saw a hand reaching over to his cock. It was my hand. I don't know what was happening, I was overcome with a desire to feel his cock. My fingers wrapped around his shaft and began stroking him. Eric shuddered as if he was surprised but went right back to sucking. He again shifted himself, throwing a leg over my head. We were now sort of straddling each other in a 69 position. His beautiful cock was now only an about an inch away from my face a drop of precum was forming. I made my decision. I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue and licked the drop from his dick head. It was salty-sweet and delicious. I needed more. I opened up and sucked in his mushroom head. 

"Am I really doing this?" I thought to myself. "Does this make me gay?" All I knew was right then I didn't care. I was sucking a cock and I was loving it. 

I sucked him in deeper and deeper until I was sucking his entire cock down into my throat. We got into a rhythm and before I knew it, we were throat fucking each other. 

I couldn't help myself as I shot my load down Eric's throat. I was surprised as he swallowed all of it. He got up started to put his robe on.

"You haven't cum yet," I said.

"I don't give my cum to just anyone. If you want it, you have to be willing to do whatever I tell you to do, no questions asked. You've gotta be my little bitch until I decide I'm done with you. Is that clear, are you willing to submit to me?"

"Yes, sir" I replied.

"Good. I like the Sir, keep it up. From now on, whenever I call you, you are to be here within an hour. Is that understood, bitch?"

"Yes, sir"

"You will immediately strip naked and drop to your knees awaiting my cock is that clear?"

"Yes, Sir"

"Good," he said. "Now, come over here and get on your knees in front of me."

I moved from the bed and dropped down to my knees. He slapped my face with his cock and placed the tip on my lips.

"Suck it"

I opened up and sucked his cock in all the way to the base. He smiled as he grabbed the back of my head. He slowly began to fuck my face. He went harder and faster until he stopped his thrusts and I could feel him coming down my throat. He pulled out so just his head was in my mouth and released his final few squirts. I savored the taste before swallowing it down. 

"That was amazing. Are you sure you've never done this?"

"Yes, Sir" I answered knowing that it would not be my last for I was now his little bitch. 

I got dressed and went home, eagerly waiting for his call.

*

Let me know if you like this story and I can continue writing.