 This is the first installment of the Novak saga. 

*

I was nine years old and sharing a room with my twelve year old brother, Novak. I had woken up and was scared of a dream. I crawled into bed with Novak. He woke up and asked, "What are you doing Jason?" I replied, "I'm scared. Can I sleep with you?" He rolled over and went back to sleep. I took that as a yes and went to sleep. I had crawled into bed with Novak 2 or 3 times a week over the next seven years. I had grown so used to sharing not just a room but a bed with my brother I started just sleeping in his bed every night. 

Now Novak was 20 and I was 18 and we slept together every night. Novak always slept in just boxers and I usually wore pajamas. He usually slept with an arm around me. It felt so good and safe to be sleeping there with my brother spooning me. I would fall asleep feeling all his body heat on me. He always smelled so good. I had grown to love my brother. Not just like a brother but I really wanted to make him happy and proud. I was completely in love with my brother. 

One night I had woken up and Novak's arm wasn't there. He was lying on his back and breathing erratically. I could here movement. 

I asked, "Novak, are you ok?"

He said, "Yeah, go back to sleep I just have an itch on my dick."

Novak always talked like an adult using words I knew I wasn't allowed to say. I knew I was very naive for my age. Novak used to say I would have a childlike disposition forever. He had grown so much since we had started sleeping together. He was now almost 6' tall. He was a "skater" too. Very slim with kind of shaggy brown hair and a pretty complexion for a 20 year old. If he wasn't home or mowing the lawn or something I would put on his clothes and pretend to be him. I especially liked putting on his underwear. His underwear made me feel grown up like him. He was really popular too. He had lots of friends and was gone a lot since he bought a car. He was a good guy though. He didn't do any drugs and he was always nice to me unlike some older brothers are to their annoying little brothers.

I asked, "Do you want me to scratch it for you?"

Novak said, "No, Jason just go to sleep and it isn't normal for you to scratch a guy's dick for him. Aren't you getting way to old to sleep with me anyway?"

This was the first time I ever heard my brother sound angry with me. I didn't like his tone. It frightened me to think that he wanted me to sleep in my own bed.

"Novak, I don't want to sleep in my bed. I like sleeping with you. You keep me warm and safe. I would do anything you wanted me to you know. If you really don't want me to sleep with you anymore I won't."

"No, Jason, you are fine sleeping with me. Just go to sleep."

I rolled away from him and he stayed on his back. About 15 minutes later I was still awake worrying that I had made him mad and I heard the movement again. I didn't want Novak to know I was still awake so I just laid there really quietly. About 5 or 6 minutes later the movement was a really fast rhythm and I heard Novak moan. I was worried that he had been scratching really hard and had made himself bleed or something. I still didn't say anything or move. I could hear Novak licking something and then I drifted into sleep.

I woke up the next morning before Novak and I noticed his arm was around me just like nothing happened. This was good, now I knew he wasn't mad at me. I laid there for a minute just taking in the awesome feeling of him holding me. I then remembered that he might have hurt himself scratching. I thought I would take a look and if he needed I would get him a band-aid. I squirmed out from his arm and went under the blankets. He wore just regular FTL boxer shorts with no button on the fly. I wiggled down to where my face was right in front of his crotch. I opened the fly a little and his penis slid out. It was so huge. It was at least 7 inches long. His dick was also really stiff. I could smell it. It had a very pungent aroma, almost fishy smelling. I grabbed it with my right hand and started to inspect it. I was looking for a bug bite or something. 

My brother's dick was so hot in my hand. I thought he had to have a fever or something. The head of his dick was a dark pinkish color and completely swollen. I had heard about erections and stuff but I had no idea that this is what it looked like. I didn't see anything on my brother's dick that looked like an itchy so I thought it must be on his balls. I held his fiery hot dick in my right hand and started to inspect my brother's balls. They were also huge. They were kind of hairy too. I was using my left hand to feel all over his balls for a bug bite when I heard my brother moan. I froze. I didn't want to wake him. My brother rolled onto his back and I let go of his cock and balls.

"Jason?"

"Yeah, Novak?"

"Are you under the blanket?"

"Yeah, Novak."

"Why?"

"I was looking at your penis. You said it itched and I was going to get you a band-aid or some cream or something."

"I told you it isn't normal for you to touch another guy's dick."

"Sorry Novak. Can I ask you a question?"

"What?"

"Will my penis be as big as yours when I am 20 and why do you have an erection?"

"Yes it will and you're too young to understand."

"Novak, can I stay under here a minute and just look at it some more?"

"Whatever Jason. Just let me go back to sleep."

Novak stayed on his back and went right back to sleep. I just laid there for a minute staring at his huge hard-on. It started to go limp. I didn't want it to be limp. I wanted it to be huge like it was. I grabbed it really softly and it didn't feel as hot anymore either. It was so soft in my hand. It was easily the softest skin in the whole world. I started to move my hand up and down just to feel the soft skin and it started getting hard again. Now this is awesome. I can make it hard just by touching it. So I figured the more I touched it the harder and bigger it would get.

I didn't know it at the time but now I am full on jacking off my brother. I could hear him moaning a little and he started moving his hips just barely. I figured it must not hurt because he isn't waking up. Then I heard his voice again. "That feels really good Jason. Don't stop and do you really want to do me a favor?" I, of course, immediately said, "Yes." Novak then told me if I wanted to I could put just the end in my mouth. I thought this seemed like an odd favor.

"You aren't going to pee are you?"

"No Jason, that is disgusting. I am going to cum. It tastes nothing like pee. If you don't like it then just spit it in my mouth."

So I am still stroking my brother's long, hard, and really hot cock when I put just the head of it in my wet little mouth. The skin of my brother's dick felt even softer and smoother on my tongue. The big mushroom tip tasted just like it smelled and I really loved it. Novak was now breathing really fast and he was repeating, "Don't stop, don't stop." I had no intention of stopping. Then he pushed my hand off and started stroking his dick himself. It was still in my mouth and he must have sensed I was going to raise myself up because he put his hand on the back of my head. My brother's hand was flying up and down his cock while he was pushing it in and out of my mouth. 

Then I felt it. Something hot and liquid hit me in the back of the throat. I felt it again and again until my mouth was so full of cum and cock; it started leaking out the corners of my mouth. Novak had groaned loudly during this. I sat up holding his cum in my mouth not knowing what to do. Novak was milking the last few drops out of his pee hole. I made a mental note that if we did this again I wanted to try to get my tongue down his pee hole. Novak opened his eyes and looked at me.

"Do you have that cum in your mouth?" I nodded my head. "Do you like the taste?" Fact of the matter is I loved the way it tasted. It was such a strong flavor. I knew it could make me strong because my big brother was really strong. "You can spit it out." I looked him right in his beautiful dark green eyes and with two gulps I had swallowed all of it. His eyes got huge. "I can't believe you just did that. Come here and lay with me."

I laid right next to my big brother Novak and he held me in a hug and said, "You are something else Jason. I like you as my little brother. Don't tell anyone what we did and we can do it again or maybe even some other stuff." I just laid thinking how lucky I was to have a brother that was so freaking cool. With my head on his bare chest I asked, "Can I play with him again now."

Novak asked, "Him? What do you mean by him?"

I said, "Your penis. It is so big and awesome I think I will refer to it as a him."

"That is hilarious. You are a crazy little guy Jason. If you really want you can give him a morning kiss then we have to get up.

I wiggled down and positioned my face over Novak's crotch again and I pulled out his dick. Holding him in my hand I gave him a big sloppy kiss right in the piss slit. He tasted so good. 

*

More to come with me and Novak if you like

As always please comment and feel free to email.