 This may or may not have actually happened

Ronnie and I had been friends since the 3rd grade. We were similar in appearance. Same height, same weight. Ronnie had darker hair then me. We had done everything together. We played hockey. We took the same classes together in high school. And, when we discovered porn on the internet, we jacked off together. It was awkward at first, but soon we got comfortable rubbing one out.

One day, prior to our jacking session, Ronnie pulled out some weed and a pipe. We smoked up, then put some porn on and jacked our cocks. We started to smoke weed before our jack off sessions more and more.

One weekend, following graduation from high school, we were invited to a party at another guys house. His family was gone and he had the house to himself. It was supposed to be a huge party, and Ronnie was certain we might be able to get some girls. At the very least, feel some titty, maybe a blowjob. I was game and looking forward to it. Ronnie came up to me one day just before the date of the party and asked if I would ride with him to get some weed. I had never been with him when he was trying to score the weed, I just smoked it with him. But I knew Ronnie knew what he was doing so I rode with him. We went to Ronnie's hookup, and he went inside while I sat in his car. A short time later Ronnie came out of the house, got into the car and started cussing.

"God Damnit!!.....he doesn't have any weed!" Ronnie shouted

"What do we do now?" I asked

"Well, he told me about another dude that might be able to hook us up. But I don't like going to someone I don't know."

"Yeah..."

"If you go with me we can see what's up." Ronnie said

"Alright, let's just get the weed." I said.

We drove to a tattoo parlor that looked real sketchy. We went in and Ronnie asked for a dude named, Carbo. When the guy showed up, Ronnie told him who had sent him and wanted to know if he could hook us up. 

Carbo smiled at us, and said No, that he could not. That no one had weed because the cops had been on a sweep lately.

Ronnie said, "Shit.." then Carbo said he knew of a guy who might be able to hook us up. He told us that the dude was an old dude, but he had a good supply. Ronnie asked if his price was reasonable and Carbo broke out laughing.

"You won't have to give him any cash!" Carbo said

"It's free?" Ronnie asked

Snickering, Carbo said, "You won't have to give him money. Go to this address, ask for Rex, tell him I sent you for the deal. If you want it, you can get it." Carbo turned and walked away.

We got back in Ronnie's car.

"What's up?" I asked

"I don't know. You want to give it a shot, or what?" Ronnie said

"Shit, it's free weed. Why not."

We drove to the address that Carbo gave us. It was a nice house in a well known subdivision. We walked up to the door and Ronnie pushed the door bell. The door opened and a man was looking at us.

"Uhhh...Carbo gave us your address. He said we should get the deal."

The man was about 40 years old, not old like I had imagined. His hair was a light brown, with specks of white in the temple. His goatee also was mixed color like his hair. He wore a khaki colored North Face nylon shirt with the sleeves rolled up and blue jeans. It was clear he worked out. He stared for a minute, then stepped aside, beckoning us inside. The house was spectacular. I big 60 inch hi-def TV was playing in the living room. He motioned for us to sit on the couch while he turned off the TV.

"What are your names?" he asked

"Uhh..I'm Ronnie."

The man then looked at me

I felt my throat tighten up. Why was I so nervous? Maybe he was a cop. I didn't know.

I swallowed hard, "My name is Owen." I choked out.

The man smiled. It was a pleasant smile.

"Ok fellows, my name is Rex. Did Carbo fully explain the "deal"?"

Ronnie told him that Carbo had said that he might give us some free weed.

Rex laughed fully. "Ok. Would you guys like something to drink. I have some Mountain Dew. Some bottled water?"

We both said no to the drink offer.

"Alright fellows, here is the deal. Its non-negotiable. Either you take it, get the weed and leave or you walk when I finish explaining it."

Ronnie and I stared at him.

"You aren't bailing out now, so I will tell you. One of you, I don't care who, will go into my bedroom......"

My eyes bugged out.

Ronnie jumped up, "NO...NO, no gay sex dude. Not going to happen."

Rex smiled, "At least hear me out. If you then choose to bail, then cool."

Ronnie sat back down. My nervousness was still way up.

Rex continued, "One of you will go into my bedroom. Take off all of your clothes. Lay on the bed. And I will jack him off. That's it. When we are done, both of you walk out of here 2 grams of weed, each."

My mouth was dry and my heart was pounding out of my chest. I felt like running. Yet, strangely, I stayed seated.

Rex got up from his chair. "You guys decide what you want to do. I am going up the stairs and will be back in 2 minutes for an answer." With that he left.

"Shit man...I don't know..." Ronnie seemed very anxious

"What do you want to do, man?" My eyes went from the stair case to the front door.

"I mean...we jack off together all the time. What could be bad about this?" Ronnie whispered

"But dude, we don't jack each other off. We sit watch porn and jack our selves off. It's way different." I said

"Its free pot, dude. "

I swallowed. This was scary and exciting at the same time. 

"Ok, if you are in, then I am in." I said

Rex came back down the stairs.

"Ok, fellows. What's the deal? Are we doing this or not?"

Ronnie said, "Ok dude, we are going to do it. But no gay sex, for real."

Rex looked at him and said, "That's fine. I don't want gay sex either. So which one of you is going to get the weed for you?"

Ronnie said, "We haven't decided that yet."

Rex, looked at both of us. Then pulled a quarter from his pocket.

"Ronnie you're heads, Owen you are tails." Rex tossed the quarter into the air. The moment while it was in the air was electric. 

It landed on tails.

"There you go. Owen, your up."

I shuffled my feet and swallowed hard. I felt like my feet weighed 1000 pounds. I wanted to run, and came very close to doing that.

Ronnie, leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Please dude. Let's get this weed and go. Please."

I didn't know why, but my head nodded up and down. 

"Owen, go up stairs. The last bedroom on the left. Go in there and wait for me."

As I started up the stairs, I heard Rex tell Ronnie to sit on the couch, watch TV until we were done.

I moved down the hall, and into the room Rex had said.

It was the master bedroom, with a huge bathroom and closet that was filled with clothing. The bed was king size and a TV was hanging on the wall.

Rex came in and quietly closed the door.

"Owen, I need you to go into the bathroom and shower. When you come out, be only in a towel."

"Yes, sir." I don't know why I said that but it just came out. I went into the bathroom and closed the door. I took a 10 minute shower. I felt like I had to be clean. When I was done I wrapped the towel around my waist, and walked out into the bedroom.

Rex was at a desk, reading something. He turned and looked at me, "Owen, just have a seat on the bed."

I sat on the edge of the bed, looking down at my toes.

"Owen, first thing...if you get uncomfortable for any reason, and want out, just tell me and you walk, ok?"

I nodded my head up and down.

"Now you know what's about to happen, right?"

I nodded my head up and down.

"Owen, do you jack off?"

"Yes"

"Have you ever jacked off another boy...or man, or been jacked off?"

"No,sir"

"It's ok. Listen, this is going to be fun. You don't have to do anything except lay there and get a nut. Do you understand?"

"Yes.sir"

"Owen, how old are you?"

"18"

"Ok, then we can start. If you are ready?"

I nodded my head up and down.

"Owen, stand up and take the towel off."

I stood up and took the towel away from body. My cock was thickening. Rex dragged his fingers through the peach fuzz like hair on my balls, and the pubic hair around my dick. I continued to stare at my feet.

"Owen, lay down in the center of the bed, please."

I scooted myself to the center of the bed and laid out fully. 

Rex scooted his chair to the side of the bed. I licked my lips.

"Owen, you are stiff. I want you to relax, son. I am not going to hurt you." His smile relaxed me some.

"Owen, you're cock is already getting hard. So relax. Ok?" I nodded my head.

Rex took something from the night stand drawer.

"Ok, Owen, I am about to put some lube on your cock. It may feel cold at first."

I watched as he poured a drop of lube, about the size of a quarter, into the palm of his right hand.

He grabbed my ever hardening dick into his hand, and slowly massaged the lube in to my cock.

"How are you feeling now, Owen?"

I swallowed and said, "I'm ok.."

Rex continued to slowly jack my dick. His hand sliding up and down. His hands were not as rough as I had thought they would be.

"Owen, when was the last time you jacked off?"

"About 2 or 3 days ago I guess"

"So you have a nice load of cum in there..."

"Owen, open your legs a little.."

I opened my legs some..."A little wider, please"

I felt like I was now totally exposed to his view. I tensed up.

I felt his other hand on my chest, "Owen, relax." Rex was smiling at me.

Rex poured some more lube into a puddle on my chest. He wiped some lube onto his left fingers, then shifted and began massaging my balls, "Owen, I am massaging your balls some to get the cum worked up. Your orgasm will be more intense."

I nodded. My cock now was at full erection and felt harder then it ever felt before.

As he massaged my balls, his middle finger slipped down and danced on my asshole. I flinched.

"Owen, you are tensing up again....please just close your eyes and relax. Just let it happen."

His middle finger pushed lightly and entered barely. My breathing increased.

"Owen, your cock is so hard, right now. Do you feel like you are going to cum?"

"Its close now..." I breathed out hard

"It's ok, Owen....don't fight it."

I was closing in on a massive orgasm.

"Owen, I can tell you are close now. Your cock is starting to swell...and get thicker. I want you to relax into the cum, and tell me when you are going to shoot. When you tell me, I am going to move my finger into your ass hole....not all the way, just over my finger nail. Ok?"

Breathing through my nose, my teeth clenched, I nodded.

His hand had picked up the pace a little. I looked and could see my rock hard cock sliding in and out of his fist. His other stroked my balls.

I felt the cum begin to move up my shaft. I wiggled my butt. "That's it Owen...its cumming."

I grunted.

"Don't fight it son, relax into it. Yes, there is the pre-cum. You are going to shoot."

I planted my feet, and spread my legs open as wide as I could.

"Good...that's good, open up." The steady stroking of my cock had me throwing my head back and forth.

Then it happened. I managed to croak out, "I....I'm going to shoot."

"Ok, Owen." He inserted his middle finger in my ass hole.

"Owen, don't fight....let it go, son....let it go...relax, and let it go...you're ok."

The first shot, fired out, landing on my throat. I felt my ass hole clench down on his finger. Rex tightened his grip on my cock. The second shot flew out and hit my nipple.

"That's it, son....get the cum out. Shoot for me." Rex started stroking my cock fast. The cum flew out. I grunted, my toes curled up and I spread my legs and ass open.

The first orgasm seemed to warp into a second. Rex kept stroking. "Lots of cum!" he said.

The orgasm finally finished. Rex let go of my cock. I opened my eyes, Rex had a glob of my cum on the side of his face.

"Dude, sorry about that." I said

Rex chuckled and wiped the sperm away with his hand.

"Don't sweat it. Owen, that was a HUGE nut, man."

We both laughed.

I wiped my cum off with the towel, then went in to wash up and get dressed. When I went down the stairs, Rex had given Ronnie his weed. I walked up and Rex said, "Ok, here is your weed. If you guys need weed again, come on by."

As Rex showed us to the door, Ronnie asked, "Can we get more weight maybe?"

Rex just smiled and said, "It will cost you more...."