 As always, this story is completely fiction and any likeness to real events or people are completely coincidental. My stories contain a lot of detail and dialogue so if you're looking for a short to the point story this is not for you. If you looking for a story that contains suspense, drama and adventure than this is it! This chapter contains an extreme situation that might bring you out of your comfort zone. Now without any further delay I bring to you:  

Chapter 2: Austin's decision. 

It was the morning after the storm and Ryan was already up and out helping his dad with the clean up. Austin had a difficult time sleeping last night after Ryan admitted that he had feelings for him and that he didn't want him to leave. Even though Ryan said he would understand if Austin left it didn't make it any easier. Why did Ryan have to tell him those things. It would have been so much easier to leave not knowing. He needed a cup of coffee and his morning smoke then he could try to think about things. Austin was just about to open the door when there was a knock.

"Mornin' Austin, how did you sleep last night?" Shelly said as she stood there with two cups of coffee.

"How did you know I needed coffee?" Austin said as he gladly took the cup. 

"If you're anything like me, you can't function without your first cup." Shelly said with a smile. "Michael called this mornin' and said he would be stoppin' by to see you."

"I didn't know he made house calls." Austin questioned.

"It's on his way to the hospital, so he said he would. Let's go sit on the porch and enjoy our coffee, and I'm sure you hankerin' for a smoke." 

Austin just smiled; boy did she know him well. He grabbed his smokes and followed her to the front porch.

"I always love the mornin' after a storm. The air smells so clean and fresh, just like a brand new start. Speakin' of which, have you thought about what you're going to do when you're released to drive?" Shelly asked as she sipped her coffee.

"I really don't know." Austin said with a depressed look on his face. "Part of me wants to stay and part of me wants to leave."

"What are the reasons you want to leave? You already told me that your grandparents don't know your comin' so it's not like they are waitin' on you."

"The thing is Eric; he is not going to give up on trying to get me back. When he sets his mind out on something he doesn't stop till he gets it. He already knows that I'm down here in Levy and I don't want you guys to get caught up in my mess."

"If he is really that hell bent on gettin' you do you think that runnin' to Florida is goin' to stop him?" Shelly asked with a raised eye.

Austin paused in thought. "No, you're right about that. I just don't want him causing trouble for you guys. He already made a mess at the Motel and you work enough at the bar to support your family, you really don't need someone else to worry about." Austin replied as he lit a smoke.

"Hun, to tell you the truth it's a little too late for that." 

"What do you mean by that?" Austin asked.

"You have made your way into my heart. I care for you and don't want to see you hurtin'. I know that if you went to Florida there wouldn't be a day that would go by I wouldn't be worrin' about you. You're a very special person and you deserve to have a happy life." Shelly said as she rested her hand on his. "And you would be a nice addition to our family."

"If I did stay, what would I do for work and how would I solve the problem with Eric?" 

"Those are all issues we can work on but you have to take it one step at a time or you're gona get ahead of yourself. The choice is up to you but just to let you know that if you did stay you would be welcomed with open arms." Shelly offered. "Well, I flapped my gums enough. I better get started around the house. Michael should be here around 10." 

Once Shelly left, Austin was left with his thoughts. She was right though, if he did go down to Florida he would have to start all over again and to admit it he kind of liked it here. The people in the town were very nice and he liked the slower pace. At least if he stayed here he would have a fighting chance against Eric because he wouldn't doubt for a minute Ryan would blow him away.

Michael came rolling in the driveway right at ten o'clock. He took Austin into the living room to start the examination. He felt around his ribs, Austin only felt slight pain; he checked all his cuts, which had healed up by now. He had Austin do a few stretches to check his range of motion. Austin passed all the tests, so Michael game him a clean bill of health.

"Well, Austin you seem to be doing very well. I think you are well enough to drive, but I still want you to take it easy, no heavy lifting or any strenuous activities." Michael told him.

"Thanks, doctor."

"Call me Michael." He said with a smile. "Austin, can I talk to you about something?"

"Of course."

"It's about my brother and your decision on whether to leave or not. I can tell that my brother has feelings for you and you for him. I can see how he acts when he is around you and the way he acted that night you were brought to the hospital, he was like a crazed man. With that being said I'm happy to see my brother so happy again. I think it would be in your best interest if you stayed, for the simple fact that my whole family loves you."

"But what about..." Austin started to say.

"Don't worry about Eric. There are ways to make sure he can never come near you again. If you stay here I know you can have a good life. I'm sure you are worried about all the legal things, like driver's license and birth certificate but I assure you it will be okay." Michael reassured Austin. "Anyway I better go. I have to get to the hospital. If you need anything you can call me." Michael said as he left the room.

After Michael left Austin went back to his room to think about what he had said. Michael was right, even if he did go to Florida he would still have to deal with Eric. He figured that he would talk to everyone at lunchtime. 

When it was time for lunch, Austin was all ready to tell everyone his decision. 

"I have a few questions. If I were to stay, what would I do for work and how to get all my legal documents. In my rush to leave I didn't take the time to try and find them." 

"Well, you can always get copies of your birth certificate and social security card if your ex won't send them." Shelly replied.

"That's my problem I know he won't sent them. He will try to keep them to force me to come back to him." Austin said with a melancholy tone.

"Then you can report them as stolen." Tom answered.

"How am I going to keep him away? He found me once it's only a matter of time before he finds me again."

"You're going to have to take legal action against him and get a restrainin' order. Since he attacked you here in Levy you can file it here and not have to go back to New Jersey. It would be almost impossible to get one if you went to Florida." Shelly chimed in.

"That's what I figured. You guys would be willing to help me with all of that?" Austin asked.

"Of course we would." Tom said with a smile.

"Now what about work? I only have a high school diploma and I never took any trades." 

"That's not a problem at all. We can find you a job but first things first. You have to take care of Eric." Shelly offered.

"I guess if you guys are willing to help me then I don't see any reason to leave." Austin said cheerfully. 

"We are so happy you decided to stay." Shelly said as she got up and gave Austin a hug. "We will start with all the legal issues as soon as possible."

No one was more happy that Austin decided to stay than Ryan. When Austin said he was staying Ryan almost jumped up from the table and grabbed Austin. 

"Since we are all here I have something I want to say." Ryan took a deep breath. "This has been something that I have been dealing with for a long time now and I have finally admitted it to myself. Mom and dad, I'm gay."

"Son, we are happy that you have finally told us." Tom said as stood to give his son a hug.

"You mean you guys knew?" Ryan was shocked.

"Well, we had an idea but we were going to wait for you to tell us, no matter how long it took you. Your mother and I only want you to be happy." 

"Thanks for being understanding. You have no idea how much it means to me." Ryan said with tears in his eyes. 

"I think that tonight we are goin' out to celebrate the fact that Austin is stayin' and Ryan comin' out." Shelly suggested. 

"Ryan I want you to take the rest of the day off. You and Austin can go out and have some fun. Now that he is cleared to drive I'm sure he wants to get out of this house." Tom said. "Maybe take him down to the swimming hole."

In a matter of a few minutes, Austin's life had changed. He was now going to stay in Levy with the Davenports and start his new life. He was happy and apprehensive at the same time about his decision but he knew deep down inside it was the right choice.

After Austin got changed into a pair of old shorts he met Ryan by his old pick-up truck. When he got in he noticed the picnic basket was present again. He just looked at it and both he and Ryan laughed.

The old swimming hole was down the road just past the bar. Ryan slowed the truck and turned down the old dirt road which dead ends at the swimming hole. It was a very peaceful area surrounded by tall weeping willow trees, lush green grass and a deep blue sky over head, it was a perfect day for a swim. 

After about an hour in the water, they decided to get out and see what Shelly had packed for them in the picnic basket. As Ryan unfolded the blanket, Austin opened the basket and peered inside. It was stuffed with sliced fruits, roast beef sandwiches, and two giant pieces of Shelly's homemade apple pie. Austin could not wait to dive into the food. They ate and enjoyed their company and the beautiful surroundings. 

"It is so beautiful and peaceful here." Austin said as he took the last bite of the pie.

"It sure is. It's one of the many reasons I decided to stay here." Ryan said as he looked out over the swimming hole. 

"I'm kind of curious as to why you stayed? Your brother is a doctor and you said your sister lives in California." Austin asked.

"This is where my heart is, and home is where the heart is. People see Levy as a little knock about town but to me it is my life. I love how close knit everyone is here and how we all look out for each other, that is something I think most people have forgotten about." Ryan said as he laid back on the blanket. "But my brother and sister never really loved that. My sister hated this town and couldn't wait to get out, so when the opportunity came she left and never looked back. Now that she lives in Los Angeles she thinks she is better than us, and acts like it too."

"I'm sorry to hear that." Austin said as he nuzzled Ryan's ear.

"I'm not. I can't stand the bitch. She caused my parents nothing but headaches when she was growing up, I'm glad she is gone."

As Ryan continued talking about his siblings, Austin laid there listing till he nodded off to sleep. It took Ryan a few minutes before he realized that Austin had dozed off; he decided to let him rest for a little. Ryan shut his eyes and relaxed under the southern sun till he nodded off himself.

It was forty-five minutes later when Austin awoke and as he opened his eyes, and looked toward the hill, he thought he saw a person looming in the bushes. He sat up rubbing his eyes and glanced back toward the bushes but this time the person was gone. Austin wondered if it was just his groggy mind clearing but the person almost looked like Eric. As he got up Ryan stirred and asked if everything was okay. Austin told him that he just was stretching from his nap. Austin grabbed a smoke from his pack and made his way down to the water. When he returned Ryan was still relaxing on the blanket and the way the sunlight was hitting him it gave almost a heavenly glow to him. Austin could do nothing but smile at how perfect Ryan looked.

"What's that smile for?" Ryan asked as Austin approached.

"Oh, nothing." Austin said still smiling. 

"You just don't smile like that for no reason." Ryan said.

"It's just, this is the happiest I've been in ages and I don't want anything to ruin it." Austin admitted as he sat next to Ryan. 

"I know you're worried about Eric, but we are going to get that taken care of so he doesn't bother you again." Ryan reassured Austin. 

"I know, it's just been over a month and I haven't heard anything from him. Makes me think that he is up to something horrible." Austin said as he looked over at the bushes. 

"Don't worry. Everything will turn out fine." Ryan said as he put his arm around Austin. "We better get back to the house so we can get ready." 

After they packed everything up and put it in the truck, they headed back to the house. As they entered the kitchen, Shelly was standing at the counter holding a post card.

"I got a postcard from your Aunt Cindy and Uncle Jeff in New Jersey. They are hostin' the family reunion at their place." Shelly announced.

"It's time for the reunion already? It doesn't seem like it's been five years. When is it?" Ryan asked.

"It's goin' to be the second week in July." Shelly replied as she looked at Austin. "And you're going to mister." 

"Me?" Austin asked.

"Well, yes. You are a part of our family so that means you get to come too." Shelly said with a smile. "You boys go and get ready then we can talk about it more at dinner. Now dress casual since we are going to a seafood restaurant in Savannah."

While Austin was in his room picking out his clothes for the evening, he wondered how Ryan's family was going to take him, but at the same time, he was excited because his family wasn't the type to have reunions. He decided to take a quick shower so not to take too much time. As he stood under the spray, he heard a knock at the door.

"Who is it?" Austin asked.

"It's Ryan; can I come in for a second?" He asked as he cracked the door.

"Yeah come on in." Austin said as he grabbed for the shampoo.

"You need a hand with that?" Ryan asked as he pushed the sliding doors back.

Austin was surprised when he saw Ryan wasn't wearing anything and had a full hard on. He couldn't do anything but nod his head. As Ryan stepped in Austin watched as the water ran down his defined chest, down his washboard abs, and flowing off his hard cock. Austin could feel his own member starting to stir to life. Ryan bent down, giving Austin a good view of his peach fuzz covered bubble butt, and squirted some shampoo into his hands. He moved behind Austin and slowly worked the shampoo into his hair. Austin could feel Ryan's hard cock pressing into the crack of his ass sending shivers down his spine. He was so turned on by what Ryan was doing he could have shot right there. Ryan slowly turned Austin around, tilted his head back, and slowly washed the suds away. When Ryan brought Austin's head back up he planted a powerful kiss on Austin's lips. The kiss was passionate and deep. Austin could feel the heat of Ryan's lust radiating from his body. Austin pressed closer to Ryan feeling his hardened rod pressing his into his leg. Austin knew they didn't have much time before they had to leave so he decided to cut to the chase. He dropped to his knees and started to kiss all around Ryan's cock and his massive balls. He grabbed Ryan's tool with one hand and started to lick around his balls. The scent was amazing, it was a slight musty aroma, a manly smell and Austin loved it. He could feel the precum forming at the head of Ryan's cock as he was jerking it. Every time Austin would lick around one of Ryan's balls he could feel the precum ooze from Ryan's head. After he played with Ryan's balls, he started to work his way up the monster shaft, kissing and sucking on it the entire way up. He sucked and nibbled at the underside of the crown, which caused Ryan's legs to shake from the sensation. He could tell that Ryan was really enjoying what he was doing, that only caused him to want to please him more. Austin slowly took in the mushroom head and swirled his tongue around the base. Ryan was much bigger than Eric was and it took Austin a few minutes to get used to the girth of it. He could only take in a few inches at a time but with each stroke he would take a little more until he could get most of Ryan's cock in his mouth. He was finally able to take all of Ryan's meat in his mouth without choking on it. He could tell by the amount of precum Ryan was putting out that he was very close to cuming. Soon Ryan whispered to Austin that he was about to cum but Austin didn't stop, he only moved his head faster. The moment before Ryan came Austin shoved all of Ryan's cock down his throat and as Ryan unloaded he could feel the hot cream slide down and there was a ton of it. Austin held Ryan's rod in his mouth just a little longer till he shot his own massive load on the shower floor. 

"Holy shit! I couldn't have imagined how good that was going to feel!" Ryan said trying to catch his breath.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." Austin said with a big grin on his face.

"I think enjoyed is a big understatement!" Ryan said with a chuckle.

"We better finish up before your parents wonder where we are." Austin grinned. 

After the shower Ryan helped dry Austin off, even though Austin was capable of doing it himself but he still liked the attention. They quickly got dressed and met up with Ryan's parents in the living room. 

When they arrived at the restaurant, they got the perfect table out on the deck. It was a beautiful evening with a cool breeze coming off the river. Tom told the boys to order whatever they wanted and not to worry about prices. 

"Austin, would you like to have a drink?" Shelly asked.

"I'll have a coke or pepsi." 

"I meant somethin' with a little more kick." Shelly insisted.

"Oh, then I'll have a Malibu Bay Breeze." Austin said as he looked at the drink menu. 

It was a wonderful night. Everyone had a good time talking and eating the wonderful food. Austin especially liked when Shelly would tell stories of Ryan when he was a kid, even though Ryan was a little embarrassed by some of the stories. 

"Mom, I'm sure Austin doesn't want to hear stories of when I was a kid." Ryan said as he gave his mother a playful smile.

"Actually, I really enjoy hearing them." Austin said with a smirk.

"Well, if that's the case then you'll love this one. One time when Ryan was about 13..." 

By the end of the evening everyone had their fill of food and laughter. It was truly a great evening. It was only a 15-minute ride home but Austin was so tired that he knocked out on the ride back. Once they got home Ryan helped Austin into his room, Austin was a tad tipsy. He had only three drinks at dinner but it had been such a long time since his body had alcohol it hit him harder than normal.

"Oh my god, I didn't think I would be this buzzed." Austin said as Ryan sat him on the bed.

"It's okay. I'm a tad buzzed myself." Ryan said with a smile.

"Thank you."

"For what?" Ryan asked as he sat next to Austin.

"For saving my life." Austin said with a goofy smile.

"How did I do that?"

"That night at the motel, if you hadn't come back I'm pretty sure I would be in a box six feet under." Austin replied.

"I only did what any person would have done." Ryan stated showing concern.

"Ryan, you didn't even know me twenty-four hours. Most people would have just turned around and left figuring it was none of their business." Austin said as he hung his head.

"Well, I'm not like most people." 

"No you're not. You are better than most people are. Thank you again." Austin said as he hugged Ryan.

"Come on, let's get you into bed." Ryan said as he stood up.
