 This is a completely true story, nothing about it is fiction! enjoy

***

I had read about Lake Tahoe's nude beach, Secret Cove on a couple gay sites and decided to visit. I had never been to a nude beach and had always loved being naked outdoors!

I made the drive up, nervous and excited! I parked and began the long walk down after pulling off my normal shorts, leaving me in a pair of red Speedos and a tank top. I grabbed my bag containing what I thought I would need for the day, sunscreen, condoms, lube, a small bottle of whisky and a towel.

During the walk down, I became more excited when I saw the "Nude Bathers Beyond this Point" sign! a little further down the trail, I stopped and removed my tank top and Speedo. My smoothly shaved, naked body enjoying the warmth of the sun and the tease of the light breeze! My cock instantly hardened to its 6 1/2" limit.

As I approached the cove, I could see a few nude men and woman laying in the sun or walking around. None of the men were hard like I was, but I kept going.

Remembering the South end of the cove was the "gay" area, I headed that way! I looked over the large boulders the men reportedly used to cover their play and saw some movement in that area.

I arrived at the boulders and decided to be bold, climbing on top of one and in full view of everyone applying my sunscreen. I did not see anyone else so I began to explore. 

I discovered two college age girls sunbathing, their tanned bodies, shaved pussies and perky breasts on full display! I kept looking around and caught a glimpse of "him."

He was in his mid to late 30's, naked, tan, fit and fairly well muscled. He was sitting sideways so I could not see his cock. He had not seen me, so I went back to where I had left my stuff, gathering it up and headed to where he was. 

I wandered around a boulder and he looked over at me, nodding in acknowledgement. I looked around and said, "Looks like you found a good spot."

He nodded in agreement and I moved to a boulder between him and the water, laying out my towel and laying so he could get a good view of my smooth ass. I opened my legs a bit to ensure he could see everything. 

I removed my sunglasses and set them in front of me to use the mirrored lenses as a covert mirror. Sure enough he was staring at me!

A couple minutes later, he started slowly rubbing his cock! I was thinking how to make something happen, when a wave splashed against my boulder and sprayed me with water. 

It startled me and I jumped up. I turned to see him moving his hands away from his hidden cock. 

He was sitting atop a large sloped boulder that left plenty of room. I feigned looking around before saying, "Im getting wet over here, do you mind sharing your spot?"

He smiled and said, "Feel free!"

I moved my stuff to his boulder, spreading my towel below him. I laid down on my belly again with my head near his right hip. I kept my sunglasses on, and admired his beautiful body!

A couple minutes later, I noticed his cock was now visible past his thigh! I was intently staring at it when it twitched! He was sitting up, with his knees up by his chest and his right side to me. 

I moved my hands up by my head and decided it now or never! I reached my hand out and lightly ran my fingers over the head of his cock. It twitched hard and immediately started to grow! 

He let out a sigh and softly said, "Nicceee."

I moved forward from my towel to move my mouth to his cock. 

"No, not here." he said and pointed to the spot on the other side if the boulder. he stood up and I got my first look at his manhood! A thick, 7" cock with a big mushroom head and he was completely shaved. 

He dropped down next to the boulder into a small sandy area. I immediately followed him and went straight to my knees. 

I wasted no time and took his beautiful cock in my mouth! he instantly began to moan as I slid my hungry mouth down his hard cock. I began slowly taking his entire length in long strokes while using my tongue to work his large head.

He began to breath heavy as I displayed my talent as a cock sucker. We could hear the girls a short distance away chatting as his breaths became harder and faster!

"Im gonna cum!" he said in a raspy voice and I picked up speed, throating and releasing his cock. He began to shake as I felt his cock swell and lodge deep in my throat!

His first pulse of cum was powerful and blasted down my throat! I pulled back and was rewarded with three more spurts which filled my mouth! He groaned loudly and reached back, bracing himself against the boulder. 

I continued to suck his softening cock, extracting every drop of his large load! He soon pulled his dick from my mouth and took a large breath. 

"Wow man!" he said, "That was amazing!"

I smiled up at him, aware there was a large glob of cum at the corner of my mouth. He reached down and wiped it off, offering it to me. I took his fingers in my mouth and sucked his thick cum from them before swallowing it too!

The sudden sound of clapping startled both of us as we looked up to see the naked girls applauding!

My hung stud grabbed his stuff and quickly went over the top if the boulder and was gone. I sat there on my knees, my own cock hard and pointing upward! I did the first thing that came to mind.

"How did I do?" I asked.

"That was fucking hot!" one of the girls exclaimed. 

I smiled and before I could say anything, the other girl said, "There are other guys headed this way so we will leave and let you enjoy what your doing." 

I thanked them and got back on the boulder, taking the spot where the man that had had just fed me had been sitting. I took a large swig if my whisky and put the bottle away as I heard mens voices getting closer. This was going to be a fun day!

To be continued...