 He liked big boys. I was 6'2" and weighed 300 pounds, with a generous belly. Most guys didn't go for chubs, but he was unrepentantly open about liking men with bellies. He was not quite as tall as me, and was lean and furry, with lovely large nipples and an impressive uncut endowment that was a true 8". He was...dominant. Bossy. Cocksure. 

At that time, I liked playing with top chasers who were also Doms. He pushed so many of my sexual buttons that I couldn't imagine myself saying no to any request.

Which brings me to last Saturday morning, when he'd come over to play after a quick texting conversation. We'd started to play in the bedroom, but he moved us into my playroom, where I had the sling set up. 

Discarding the bottle of lube I'd brought into the room, he said "No," gently but firmly, "let's use some of my special cream. I made it up fresh today at my lab. It will make things much more intense for both of us."

With that, he grabbed his jeans off of the floor and reached into one of the pockets, bringing out a small jar of what looked like cold cream. He also took out two small vials of what looked like eyedrops, one red, one blue.

He slathered it onto his dick, my dick, and in and around my hole. Every place the cream touched, it tingled, like fizzy soda water on the tongue. He put a drop of stuff from the red vial onto his dick, which he kind of traced around the outside of my hole, which started to feel a little warm. 

He put one drop of the blue vial stuff onto my dick, looked at me, frowned, and added another drop, massaging it in with the rest of the lotion, which also started to feel warm. I wondered if the drops were something like menthol, which is what they put in Ben Gay, but the warmth from these drops felt...different.

I reached down to feel my dick and he slapped my hand away. "Ah-ah. Mustn't touch. Your hands haven't been sprayed with barrier solution. My hands and crotch have. When it's done, you can touch it again." With that, he secured my hands to the sling chains with a couple of bits of rope. "There. Much better."

When it's done? I figured he misspoke, though I was soon to find out he never misspoke himself.

And with that, he slowly inserted his sizeable uncut dick into me and started a series of slowly deepening thrusts, going a little deeper each time. The warmth of the lube he'd used got very intense. I started to feel like he was bumping right up against my prostate, which was unusual; most guys weren't hung long enough to reach it, and/or their dicks weren't shaped right. How nice that his dick was, I thought to myself.

While he fucked me, he started fisting my dick. 

This was an unexpected pleasure, especially as the heating effect of the lotion he used started to kick in. With each thrust, I was feeling sexual tingles in both my dick and my ass, and he and I started to move in sync with each other, his hand on my dick moving in time to his thrusts up my ass. 

I felt an anal orgasm coming on; something I'd only ever experienced before while getting fisted. It crested, and I found myself roaring in approval as my whole body shook.

Weirdly, it felt like my dick was vibrating after the whole-body convulsions stopped...and whatever he was doing with his hands down there felt increasingly intense, though I couldn't see what he was doing exactly, just that he was changing the angle at which he was jacking me off. His hand felt enormous for some reason, which kind of puzzled me, since my dick is short (5.5" long) but very thick (5.5" around).

"That's it, keep going, baby boy, you're nubbing up beautifully," he moaned in a deep breathy voice. 

I had no idea what he was talking about, because another wave of anal orgasms hit me and I started another full-body vibration. 

This time, the vibration definitely kept going in my dick, and he changed the motion of whatever he was doing down there, shifting the wonderful sensations to the head of my dick, even as his dick (which felt even larger) mercilessly battered away at my purring prostate.

Suddenly, I started coming. And coming. And coming. I must have shot eight or nine times, each ejaculation producing another set of eerily pleasurable vibrations in my dick. I wondered what he was doing down there. 

He reached down with his free hand and scraped my copious load off of my belly, then deposited it on his dick, which was still fucking me. A few moments later, another wave of anal orgasms hit me, and it felt like my entire crotch and butt were electrified and buzzing.

Shortly thereafter, he evidently climaxed, because he pulled out. It was about then I realized that he wasn't using the condom he'd started with. I wasn't worried, because both of us were on PrEP, but my face must have been upset, because he smiled down at me and said "It dissolved once the cream activated, nothing to worry about."

He leaned forward, giving me a long intense kiss. "That's my beautiful big boy. Thank you for a life-changing fuck!" With that, he untied my hands and stood up.

"Thank you," I said, and reached down to give my still-hard dick a pump...and my hand found nothing but air. What the fuck? Feeling around, I eventually found what felt like just the head of my dick and a very small part of the shaft, sticking out maybe 1" from my pubes. 

He grinned. "Like the modification? It's permanent, by the way."

I gaped at him, breaking into a cold sweat. "What did you do to me?"

"It's a new compound I developed," he continued as if I hadn't said anything, "you are now a 'nubbed' boy; your dick has maybe an inch of shaft at best, and the tissues have become supersensitive."

He casually ran a finger over the tiny remains of what was left of my dick, and a bolt of sexual lightning ran through me, causing me to start buckling at the knees. 

He grabbed me just before I fell, and guided me into a chair. "Your nub is super-sensitive, and it won't take much now to bring you off. On the upside, you'll probably be multi-orgasmic at both ends."

I looked at him oddly, but said nothing, thinking to myself, "What does he mean both ends?"

As if he'd read my mind, he said, "Your prostate is now well over twice its former size. It's not diseased; it's grown and become even more sensitive. Even just taking a shit will feel incredibly sexual to you now, and you'll have an insatiable need to be fucked all the time. Also, there's a beneficial side effect that your lower GI will process waste more efficiently, so it'll be a lot easier for you to clean out." 

He was right; we'd just finished fucking, and already I could feel an itching tingling sensation deep in my hole that I somehow know only a fucking (or fisting) could satisfy.

With some effort, I managed to gasp out, "This is permanent? I don't have a dick anymore?"

He grinned again. "Dicks are for men. Nubs are for boys. If you prefer, call it a dicklet. You've been turned into my perfect bottom; always horny, always ready, easy to get clean, no dick to worry about being distracted with. Oh, and don't bother wasting a lot of time trying to get yourself off; you may be able to use the palm of your hand to quite literally 'rub one out', but the nerve endings of what's left have been realigned so the right angle to get you off with full satisfaction can only be reached by the hand(s) of the man that's fucking you. Which will be me most of the time until I get tired of you."

He stood up; his soft dick had started to harden up again, the head emerging from the foreskin. "Speaking of which, I have to piss, so open up, and then we're going to fuck again."

Taking his semi-hard cock into my mouth, I waited patiently for the warm stream of piss to start flowing, aware of the girth and length of the phallus filling all of my mouth. I reached down between my legs and felt my...nub. I hadn't been hung well before, but what was left was even smaller now, intensifying my submissive tendencies to serve a real man with a real dick. 

As I gratefully gulped down my new master's piss, my nub hardened under my fingers and my butt started throbbing with need. 

What had I gotten myself into?