 I was a nude life drawing model when I was in my 20s. I was regarded as an excellent model since I was completely comfortable being nude in a group of clothed people and I could hold poses very well. I also was very creative in my poses. I worked very regularly, and worked around five times a week for ten years. It is now over 25 years since I last posed, and I am looking back upon my most interesting experiences. The following experience took place after I had been posing for eight years, so I considered myself very experienced. 

As you would imagine, most classes hired just one model, but occasionally two models were hired when the group or the instructor wished to draw the interaction between models. Almost always when I posed with another model, the other model was female. Once in a while, I posed with another man. I generally liked posing with women more than men, as women were more creative in their poses than most men were. Female models knew to twist their body into interesting shapes and emotionally engage in their poses. Most men (but not me) tended to just sit or stand. One artist once told me that he liked drawing me because I posed more like a woman poses - he said that most men were like beached whales. Yes, they were nude, but they did nothing interesting with their bodies.

I had been hired this day for a private drawing group, and there was to be another male model. His name was Chuck. The group wanted wrestling poses. We were to do three 30 minute poses with breaks in between.

We had never met each other, but had heard of each other from other artists. We were both regulars on the figure model scene. We had also seen drawings of each other nude, so we both knew what the other looked like! I was 5'10" and weighed 140 pounds. Chuck was around my height, but about forty pounds heavier than me. He looked like he was in his 50s. He was also completely shaved, no pubic hair whatsoever. Although this is pretty common now, back then it was very unusual.

As we were undressing together, I asked him about the shaving. He told me that he recently was posing for a painter, and the painter had requested that he be completely shaven for the pose. I wasn't sure if I entirely believed him, but I wasn't about to challenge his story.

I have to admit that I always look closely at all parts of the models that I work with! Men's penises, when flaccid, are so different! When I wasn't aroused, like now, my dick hangs straight down over my balls, is thin, and is around 3 inches long. Chuck's dick was very small, just about an inch long, fairly thick, and stuck straight out. His balls were completely exposed.

Looking at Chuck, I started to get just a little bit aroused. I wasn't particularly interested in men my own age. But an older, larger man always excited me.I loved having their dick inside my asshole. I loved being physically dominated when they were fucking me. I loved when they came inside me.

We put on our robes and walked to the posing platform together, took off our robes, and spoke to Jill, the group moderator today. I had posed many times for this group before. This group alternated who was to pose and talk to the models. The rule in this group was that only the moderator talked with the models. I have since learned that the origins of "no talking to the model" rules came from the history of life drawing. Back in the old days, most models were also prostitutes, and it was viewed as demeaning for the artist to have to talk to the whore models! But I didn't know this at that time.

Before starting my poses, I like to see who will be drawing me today. There were about ten people in the room, seven men and three women. I had posed for this group many times, so all their faces were familiar to me.

Jill told us that the first pose was supposed to be like at the beginning of a match. We should both stand with knees, bent facing each other. Our arms were to be around each other's shoulders. It was fairly easy to hold this, since we were supporting each other. We could both lean against the other one somewhat.

Some interesting things happen where you are in contact with another model's body. One thing that almost always happens is that you start breathing together. I remember a pose with a female model, where I was spooning her. We involuntarily coordinated our breath, and therefore also coordinated the slight movements the body makes when it inhales and exhales. That was so relaxing, breathing and moving with another person.

After the first pose was over, we put on our robes and walked around the room, looking at the pictures that were made of us. This was a very talented group - sometimes in college figure drawing classes, especially at the beginning of a semester, the drawings are pretty bad! But this group always did beautiful work.

After the break was over, we put walked to the platform again and took off our robes. Jill told us that the second pose was to be the starting position after one wrestler had won a point. She told Chuck to get on his hands and knees. Then she told me to get on my knees, behind Chuck and slightly to his left. I was to rest my torso was to lie on top of Chuck's back, and my hips and legs were to the side of his legs. It was pretty intimate, as my arms were around his chest. But it was very easy pose to hold. 

Since my chest was on his back, our breath was again synchronized. I could see Chuck's face in this pose. At one point, his face got red and he started breathing harder, so we were no longer in sync. I could guess what was going on! Chuck must be getting aroused. 

After the pose was finished, we put on our robes. Chuck didn't walk around the room this time; he just went to a seat in the corner of the room. But I looked at the artist's work, as I always did. Yes, Chuck had definitely gotten hard, and some of the artists drew it.

After looking at all the drawings, I went back to the corner where Chuck was. He told me how embarrassed he was! I told him not to worry -all male models get erections occasionally, and it was especially common when posing with another model. We get stimulated by seeing another naked body, the smell of another person often excites us, and certainly physical contact is exciting also. He shouldn't worry about it. 

At the end of the break, we walked to the platform again and removed our robes. This was to be the last pose for the evening.

Jill told us that this pose would be like the end of a match. She told me that Chuck would be the winner, and I would be the dominated loser.

She told me to get on my hands and knees, and spread my legs. She told Chuck to get on his knees immediately behind me, and to put his chest on my back. I could feel the weight of his body. She told him to move forward until the front of his thighs was against the back of my thighs. As soon as he positioned himself completely in the pose, I could feel the tip of his penis pressing against my anus. His dick was no longer aroused so it was again small and sticking straight out. If my dick was against Chuck's ass, it would have been straight down against his ass crack. But because of Chuck's anatomy, his dick was aimed right at my asshole!

The sensation of his penis against my asshole started to stimulate me. At this point in my life, I knew that my asshole was unusually responsive to stimuli. My anal sphincter starts to relax and open, and I even start to secrete colonic mucus. The mucus allows for anal penetration of me without artificial lubrication. My ass responds just like a woman's vagina, and people have told me that my asshole is basically a cunt, ready always to be fucked. And right now, I wanted Chuck to fuck me.

After we had been in the pose for a few minutes, we again synchronized our breath. Along with the breath, we were slightly moving together. And again, Chuck started to get hard. His dick was growing. Because of the way that Chuck was positioned behind me, as his dick grew, it started to penetrate me. 

I wanted Chuck's dick in my asshole so bad! And here, I had to be patient and wait as his dick slowly lengthened and gradually enter me. I could feel my sphincter gradually open. I could feel the mucus in my colon start to drip down. As he grew, His dick finally started rubbing against my prostate, and then it grew past there. Eventually, he was fully inside me, and I was so excited to have Chuck completely inside my ass. I was all his, and was so excited to be there for his pleasure.

And it was all happening in front of a group of artists, who were drawing me! I wasn't the least bit embarrassed. I was sure that the artists were hoping something like this might happen when they set me and Chuck up in this position.

Our breathing remained synchronized. With each breath, we were moving slightly forward and slightly back. I found myself getting aroused also. The stimulation of Chuck's dick against my prostate, the stimulation of my anus as Chuck stretched it with his dick, the very small movements, and knowing that artists were drawing us made this the most erotic moment of my life so far! So now we were both hard. My hard dick was hanging down for all the artists to see. Chuck's hard dick was in my ass, which they could also see!

Towards the end of the pose, Chuck finally ejaculated inside me. Being a good model, he really tried to stay as still as possible, even when spurting his semen inside me, which meant that I really could feel his penis getting even larger and then throbbing as he came. 

That extra movement against my prostate was enough to send me over the edge, and I ejaculated also. It was the most powerful ejaculation I ever had, and it was impossible to stop myself from bucking back and forth. I was putting on quite a show!

Afterwards, we still had to hold the pose for another five minutes. I could feel him softening inside me. When the pose was over, he moved off me and pulled his penis out of me. An enormous stream of his semen came out of my butt and went over the back of my thighs. We were both a mess, but of course it was worse for me.

Neither of us wanted to put on our clothes in our current state, so we stayed on the platform and asked Jill if she could get us paper towels from the bathroom. She brought us a roll, and I wiped myself off, as did the other model. When we were as clean as we could get, I gave her the roll back and she thanked us for our work. 

Jill told us that the poses we did were the most authentic and least academic poses she had ever seen. She told us that our ejaculations showed how into the experience we were - it was like the difference between good and bad acting.

As models, back then, we would each get $10 an hour. But this time, the artists were so impressed with our work; they decided to tip us as well. While we were still on the platform, they came up to each of us, and handed us a five, a ten, or a twenty dollar bill. That had never happened before here.

I then put on my robe, and walked to the changing area and got dressed. After I was dressed, a regular member of the group named Allen approached me. He told me that he was very impressed with my work today, and he knew of a group in a city near us that would be very interested in me. He told me that this group pays very well, about $100 an hour. I asked him what was the nature of the group, and he told me that they did erotic figure drawing and use only the best models. He occasionally drew with them, and he told me that he would recommend me to the group's leader. Her name was Joan, and he gave me her phone number.

One hundred dollars an hour was great pay back then, and I decided to give Joan a call a week later. When I reached her, Joan told me that she was expecting my call. Allen had already called her about me, and recommended me very highly.

She told me that her group did erotic figure drawing. But to make good erotic art, both models and artists need to explore new approaches to each other. From years of training in university art classes, most models and artists are used to keeping an academic distance between each other. Artists ignore the models as anything other than physical objects, and models just ignore the artists when they are on the platform.

Artists need to view their models as real human beings, with real sexuality. They need to closely observe their models, and understand the sexual expressiveness of their models. And models need to know that they can express themselves sexually while being observed by artists. It is no accident that most of the truly great erotic art was made by artists who were using their lovers as their subjects.

For this reason, she went on, the group interacts with their models in ways that other drawing groups never do. For one thing, members of the group do touch the models in very intimate ways. A female model might have an artist stroke her breasts or taste her clitoris. A male model might have an artist suck his cock or insert a dildo in his ass. This generally would happen at the beginning of a session, before we draw. By playing with our models, we get to know them sexually. When we know them sexually, we can better express their sexuality in our art.

Joan asked me to describe myself. I told her I was 30 and had a runner's build - I used to run marathons back then. I had olive skin and dark hair. She asked me if my body was hairy or smooth. I told her that I was fairly smooth - just some pubic and armpit hair, and a little hair around my nipples. 

She told me that they always hired at least two models for each session. She asked me if I would work with male and female models. I told her that I was comfortable working with either gender. She told me that was good - in case of a cancellation, it is easier to find a substitute if the models are flexible.

She told me that I would be touched by both male and female artists, and was that OK for me? I told her that I enjoyed the attention of both men and women.

After a brief pause, she told me that she would like me to come to a session in three weeks. She would pay me $300 for the session. The theme of the group that day was to be Japanese erotica. The other model was a thin woman of Chinese ancestry who was around my age. She thought that the two of us would match up well with each other.

She told me the time and date, and the address where I was to go. She also told me that I should completely shave my body that day. I no longer doubted Chuck's explanation for his completely shaved body, as an artist was requesting that I shave my body! 

Joan also told me to shower shortly before coming, and to avoid putting anything with a scent on my body for a few days before hand. She told me she wanted me to be clean, but only smell of myself. And not to bring a robe - I would be completely nude for the whole session, even during any breaks.

On the day of the modeling session, I took the train to the nearby city, and went to the large apartment in a very wealthy part of town. When I got there, Joan greeted me, and ushered me into a small bedroom next to the foyer. I think in such lavish apartments, a room like this is called the servant's room. Joan told me to leave my clothes in this room.

Wanda, the other model, was already waiting there. She was sitting in a chair, and smiled at me. She told me that she had posed for this group several times already. She was pleased that she would be posing with a man, as she had only posed here with women so far. Other than hearing of the Japanese theme, she had no idea what was going to happen today. Every time was always different, she told me, but it was always amazing.

We both took off our clothes and left them on the bed. She was about six inches shorter than me, with small breasts and narrow hips. She was in great shape. I noticed that she too was completely shaven. Because of her lack of hair (very unusual in those days, common now), her genitals were more exposed than those of women I had posed with before. I glanced at her pubic area. I noticed that her clitoris was fairly large and her labia were unusually prominent.

We walked out of the bedroom together nude. No robes today! Joan told us that we looked perfectly matched. She was always pleased when she matched models so well! We walked together to a large room that probably was a ballroom at one time.

In the room were two adjoining tables surrounded by easels. I also noticed that there were ropes hanging down from the ceiling in the very center of the large room.

There was also a man in the room wearing a chef's uniform and hat. He was standing next to a cart that contained a large tray of sushi.

Joan told us that the day would start with nyotaimori. Neither Wanda nor I had ever heard of this. Joan explained that nyotaimori was a Japanese word that meant nude sushi. We were to lie down on a table, face up, and the chef would put sushi and sashimi directly on our bodies. When the artists arrived, they would draw us and then consume what was on our bodies. The sushi would be warmed to our body temperature, and it would also absorb some of our natural body smells. In Japan, she continued, it was not uncommon for diners to rub their sushi against particularly aromatic parts of the body, such as the vagina, the armpit or the hip crease. By supplying our natural scents, Wanda and I would enhance our diner's experience with our own essences. 

The chef motioned for Wanda to lie down on one of the tables. The table was covered with a white tablecloth, and underneath the tablecloth was a thin mattress. He rolled the cart over to Wanda, and then started putting fish down. He put sashimi slices on her breasts in the direction of her nipples, and then put a piece of sushi on each nipple. He put sushi pieces on her from her neck to her clitoris. The chef then motioned for her to spread her legs wider. He then very gently spread her labia apart with his fingers, and inserted a piece of sashimi directly into her vagina! He then laid another piece of sashimi so that it covered her inner labia. A piece of sushi was placed on her clit. He then put some seaweed salad where her pubic hair would normally be. At this point, he was done with the most sexual parts of Wanda. He finished by putting lines of sushi and sashimi down her legs and her arms. 

The chef then motioned for me to lie on the other table. He said "Nantaimori", which was the only word he was to utter. Joan explained that nantaimori means eating sushi off a nude male model, and that nyotaimori actually refers to eating nude sushi off a female.

He started by making the same breast design that he made on Wanda, and then I had the row of sushi placed on me from my neck to just above my penis. The sushi felt quite cold. He then motioned for me to spread my legs wider. He placed sashimi in each hip crease, and then gently picked up my penis with two fingers. He placed three slices of sashimi on my scrotum (one of each testicle and one in the middle), and then placed my penis down on top of the sashimi. He then placed two pieces of sashimi on my cock, one on the shaft and one on the head. Having that much cold fish on my genitals was startling, and I could feel myself shrink. Then I also got the seaweed salad pubic wig that Wanda was wearing. And as with Wanda, lines of sashimi were placed on my legs and arms.

For a final touch, the chef told us to close our eyes and he put cucumber slices on our eyelids. We would only be able to see when the cucumber was removed. 

Joan then told us that she was about to put earplugs into our ears. We would be able to neither see nor hear. This would enhance our sensual experience, as we would only have our senses of touch, taste, and feel.

The program was going to be that the artists would enter the room and start drawing us. There were six men and two women here today. Wanda and I would hold our position for a minimum of 15 minutes and a maximum of 30 minutes. 
