 Susan was friends with her co-ed neighbors Cameron and Jamal. They both had a beautiful complexion of mixed race, but seemed to be mostly white. Neither one of them was gay or bisexual. Sometimes when she thought of them it made her pussy wet. But truthfully her pussy was always wet. Right now she was so horny she would just about fuck anything.

She walked to their room and tried the door. It was unlocked. Her pussy was already tingling and she felt her clit rubbing a trough in her bikini panties. Opening the door quietly she stepped in and closed the door. 

Susan stripped down to her panties, turned on the light, and walked over to the double bed they shared as room mates. Jamal woke up first and looked up to see Susan walking up closer in her bright white panties. Instantly he had a morning wood. Susan moved his covers so she could see his hard on, and lightly brushed it up and down. 

Cameron woke up and saw Susan's panties shining in front of him slightly turned so he could see the curves of her pussy mound slightly from the side, and the shape of her nice ass and the top of her tempting ass crack. She fucked him almost daily promising he could have all the sex he wanted as long as he did anything she wanted.

She crawled onto the bed and pulled the underwear off of Jamal. Then laying between them she said to Cameron, "Pull my panties off." Cameron didn't have to be asked twice. He started pulling down her panties marveling at the sight of more and more of her pubic area and watched the panties peel away from her ass cheeks, and as she raised her knees he watched the panties clinging to her pussy and ass crack. Enjoying the sight he slowly pulled the panties away and off down her legs, staring at every angle and facet of her enticing crotch. He noticed her pussy lips were already engorged and sprung back into place as the panties tried to cling. He loved the sight of her throbbing clit, her glistening pussy hole, and her tantalizing asshole.

Totally naked, Susan moved over on top of Jamal face to face and sat on his cock.

From his position, Cameron could see her guide the cock into her pussy separating the lips, and disappearing inside as if finding a secret hiding place. As she started humping and pumping he could see her asshole flexing and opening with a wink. 

She said, "Lick my ass crack all the way."

Cameron got in position and started licking her ass crack all the way to the top, kissing and licking the sides as well. He licked her entire ass because he knew she liked it. Then as he was licking the bottom of her ass crack again, she said, "Lick it all the way down."

Cameron licked down her ass crack switching from the tip of his tongue to the broad side of his tongue. This wetted her crack and it felt cool to her. "Rim my ass hole, and lick it good."

Obliging, Cameron got into it, and licked every wrinkle of her brownie, tasting the differences of skin as it radiated out. As he licked he could feel the firmness of skin from her ass cheeks funneling to her asshole. He poked the tip of his tongue into her asshole teasing it, then started licking her perineum starting to feel the pubic hairs of Jamal brushing against his chin.

He licked the bulge of her pussy skin as it extended and stretched when Jamal's cock was pulling out. He licked and kissed the bulge formed by Jamal's dick head. This was her fetish. Then he licked up the side of Susan's vulva tasting it and feeling her pubic hair tickle his face.

When Jamal plunged in, his balls slapped against Cameron's tongue and chin. Cameron actually liked the feel of the balls playing against his lips and cheek.

"Let me switch positions," Susan said delightfully.

Now as she sat on Jamal's cock he was looking at her glistening ass crack, and her asshole winking secretly to him, leaving him to wonder about the secrets of her dark hole.

"Cameron," she asked sweetly, "suck my clit and pussy lips."

Cameron happily obliged and sucked her clit like a last meal. He sucked her pussy lips, tasting every facet as they stretched out for him. He licked her pussy crack indulging to find hidden crevices with the tip of his exploring tongue. He tasted her essence, her sweat, and the saltiness seeming to seep out from somewhere.

His tongue kept brushing against Jamal's cock, and he explored the stretchy boundaries of cock and pussy. Cameron loved the taste of pussy juice on Jamal's cock. He noticed her drippings had started a stream down his shaft to dissipate on his ball sack.

Susan sat on Jamal's cock with her pussy facing Cameron's face who was in between their legs. Cameron could see Jamal's ass crack pinched together and the circular place of Jamal's asshole. He could easily see the rim of Jamal's asshole, as if it were a place he had never been.

"Lick his ass crack just like you do me," Susan urgently demanded. She leaned forward so she could see.

Cameron licked Jamal's ass crack first with the tip of his tongue traveling the pinch of the crack and sometimes feeling his tongue squeezed in between. Then he licked with the broad side of his tongue all the way down to the asshole. "Lick his asshole, rim it good, and tongue fuck it."

Cameron licked and rimmed the asshole in fascination. Then Susan said, "Stretch it open and stick your tongue in it."

With a grimace, Cameron used both hands to stretch the butt cheeks and asshole apart, and then hardened the tip of his tongue and pushed the point of it in. It was amazing how smooth it felt to his tongue. To his amazement Cameron was able to push the tip of his tongue in nearly an inch such that his lips came to rest against the ring of the asshole. He twisted and poked his tongue in there for a few minutes.

At her beckoning, Cameron licked Jamal's perineum tasting the exotic difference in skin up until he was licking the skin of the ball sack. He licked both sides feeling the pubic hairs on his tongue and cheeks. As he licked more and more of the ball sack he could taste sex juices that had dripped down, with fresh rivulets from the continued fucking. 

"Eat the cream pie." "Now suck my juice off his balls," she said.

Cameron sucked the balls dry and then up the shaft until his tongue slid up to Susan's pussy crack. He licked her pee hole, and the insides of her pussy lips all the way up to her clit and licked her clit hood up into her pubic hair. 

From the time she saw Cameron licking Jamal's ass crack to the time his tongue reached her clit, Susan was getting wetter and wetter. Finally she climaxed with a gush of pussy cum coating Jamal's cock, as he came inside her. She shuddered in climax so hard she broke into a sweat.

She lifted off his cock and said to Cameron, "Suck it dry."

Cameron not wanting to lose a single drop of pussy cum, engulfed the softening cock all the way into his mouth. He closed his lips and lifted, scavenging a lot of cum off the cock until it pooled on his tongue. He savored the taste, and bathed his tongue with it, and then swallowed, suddenly realizing with embarrassment that some of it was Jamal's cum. He sucked the cock in and out of his mouth until it no longer seemed so slick with juices. As it became softer and more flexible he could swallow the head into his throat. He never dreamed of giving a blow job. It was his first time sucking cock, and first time deep throat.

He worked his throat muscles on it for a minute, then Jamal grabbed his head and came a second time directly down Cameron's throat. It was his first time swallowing cum.

"Now Cameron, rub the head of your cock on his nut sack, until you cum on it. Make a little pocket in his nut sack with your cock head, and cum in it." 

It was such a naughty erotic thing, and he was already worked up from licking and swallowing that it only took a minute to cum. "Suck your cum off his nut sack, and then suck his balls dry."

Susan saw Cameron swallow both times, and the memory of it would keep her horny all day.

"Now lick my pussy hole dry."

After she left Cameron looked at Jamal in humiliation. 

Jamal said, "That was good."

"Yes it was," Cameron confessed admittedly.

Susan was still very horny as she walked to the campus building. She came up to one of her teacher's office door and knocked pushing it in.

The door was open, and the Wayne the teacher said, "Come in." He turned his chair to the side a little.

Closing the door behind her, Susan walked over to her teacher's side. "I wanted to come up and talk to you."

"I am thrilled." He said as an understatement." 

"What about?" he asked as she was close enough that her stomach brushed against his shoulder.

"Oh about a lot of things," she said as she turned thoughtfully, and fluffed her short skirt and exposing her bare ass cheek

She trailed a hand across his shoulder and turned again so that her pussy rubbed against his shoulder through her skirt.

Wayne felt the slightest of hump as her pussy came against him. He felt a little knot.

"Would you like to see my panties," she said.

Without waiting she flipped up the front of her skirt and her pussy was practically in his face.

"Would you like to feel how soft they are?" she said as she pushed her pussy against his face. She turned his head a little and said, "Go ahead and smell them."

Her panties were very soft against his face, and felt damp. He buried his nose in her pussy cleft and sniffed. She held his head and turned her hip up so the tip of his nose was against her clit and his lips were pushing her panties into her pussy crack. Not being able to help himself, he licked her panties as he sniffed. Her odor turned him on as it smelled of sex. Her panties tasted wet and salty.

She let her hands drift to his pants buckle and was soon pulling down his pants and underwear. She noticed how his balls were nestled in his underwear.

"Mind if I sit down?" She let her skirt fall to the floor, and took off her panties with her ass crack in his face. She placed the panties on the desk. Suddenly she sat on his cock facing him. 

Wayne watched as her pussy hair mingled with his pubic hair. He saw his cock head flare her pussy lips and watched as her pussy came down against his groin. She twisted and humped, and spiraled up and down his cock. The way she squeezed it with her pussy made him cum strongly and too soon, even as she climaxed with an equally strong gush of sex juice coating his cock thickly.

"Don't move," she said. Susan dismounted and took her panties crotch inside out and wiped the gushing from her vagina, and then from his dripping wet cock from their sex juices combined.

"Open your mouth," she said.

Wayne opened his mouth in astonishment. 

Susan took the sopping wet panties and pushed the crotch into his mouth. "Suck them dry."

Wayne sucked the panties like sucking a wet towel. They tasted good like candy. When he was done with the crotch, she pushed the rest of them into his mouth.

When he was done, Susan took the panties from his mouth, bent down putting them on, and let him watch as she slowly worked them back up her exhibitionist legs. 

He marveled at her legs. He watched as she pulled them up toward her crotch. He got a nice frontal view of her pussy. As she turned slightly he could see the band of her panties coming up to her ass cheeks. Susan clinched her ass briefly, then she wiggled a little as she started to slowly work them up and cover her ass crack. She turned again and he could watch as her pubic hair slowly folded under the band of her sexy panties.

She pulled his head to her pussy and said, "Kiss it good bye." He kissed her pussy passionately.

Pulling her skirt back into place, she fluffed it as she turned to leave so he could see her ass cheek. Starting to go out the door, she fluffed it again, and he saw her beautiful ass cheeks and panties.

***

To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!

***