 Ricky was getting ready for his first sales convention with his new job. He hoped he would make a lot of valuable contacts. Looking in the mirror he straightened his tie, and practiced a charismatic smile. For a 19 year old he was confident and knew he would be successful in his new sales career. He had opted to postpone college and try making a successful career. If things did not work out, he would go back to college and work part time as a coed.

Arriving at the convention hall a very pretty young lady greeted him at the entrance, "Hello sir. Ticket please," and she took his ticket. 

"How are you," Ricky replied and strode in with confidence. Nonchalantly he walked into the ballroom and took a drink from a table. Taking a sip he looked around and saw a lot of well dressed sales people, and some nice looking young ladies. Scanning the room he saw lines of tables with attractive new products.

Another young man walked up to Ricky, "My name is Abdul. What is yours? This is a nice crowd isn't it? Hey the night is just beginning. Let's have another round shall we?" He held up his empty glass.

Ricky said, "Sure," and held up his glass. "My name is Ricky." 

They drank several rounds together as Ricky looked around at groups he would like to meet. There were lots of pretty sales ladies dressed to attract. There were also many hot hostess ladies dressed in short skirts and see through tops. Music had a sexual throbbing beat, and seemed to get louder. It was difficult to talk, but people seemed to make up for it by getting closer and talking directly into one's ear while holding with an arm around their back. The socializing seemed to get sexier as well and some of the hands around the backs drifted down to the butts. He saw women grabbing the asses of salesmen, and some of the salesmen grabbed the pussies of saleswomen. Saleswomen and salesmen reached under the skirts of the hostesses and grabbed their pussies.  

Soon Ricky leaned over to Abdul and said, "Where is the men's room?"

All too handily, Abdul guided Ricky to the men's room with an arm around his back, coming into the restroom Abdul's hand slipped down to Ricky's butt and grabbed it for a minute with the ridge of his hand slipping into the butt crack. 

Ricky took that as being accidental rather than a pass at him. Besides he had to pee too bad to worry about it right now. Ricky stood at the urinal and noticed the first stall had a glory hole bored into it, and he saw two sets of shoes. As he started to finish, he noticed a hole in the wall in front of him which allowed him to look into the ladies room. He saw a hot young lady come into a stall and take a seat on the toilette. All he saw was the crack of her ass, but that was good enough for him to start getting a hard on.

"Come on," Abdul said as they finished and started to walk back into the crowd. 

Things were getting more sexy by the minute, and Ricky started around to meet people. He couldn't talk because of the noise so he shook hands a lot, made eye contact and gave out business cards. 

Making his way through the crowd the lights got dimmer, and as he passed he could feel hands fondling his butt in public. Some may have been women, but he noticed he was mostly passing by men. Trying to wedge his way through one section he realized an anonymous hand had grabbed his cock and stroked it all the way down to his balls.

He was already drunk, and as he passed one of the hostesses, he reached under her skirt and felt her pussy all the way to her asscrack and slowly back up before he merged past. She was wearing a thong and he was sure he felt the rim of her asshole, and his finger almost slipped into her pussy. It was a thrill and he was surprised he got away with it, but now he was encouraged that maybe next time he would finger fuck the next pussy.

Inexperienced though he was, he had a good stock of business cards with him and kept passing them out. Toward one end of the hall he noticed there were more hostesses and that was near the elevators to the hotel, and the back doors.

One of the hostesses gave him a drink, and nonchalantly he let his hand go under her skirt, and felt of her pussy allowing her a little humping, and then let his finger slip under the band of her panties and into her pussy. She patiently smiled, and spread her legs a little giving him more access, and he finger fucked her until he could feel her get wet. Not done yet, he surprised himself to slip his finger to her asshole, and when she did not stop him, he slowly worked his finger into her asshole. This was the first time he ever had his finger in someone's asshole. He had never done such a thing before, but this was a night of firsts.

She whispered into his ear, "follow me."

He had no resistance, and no reluctance. They went out one of the doors, and into a separate building nearby. 

She said, "My name is Cassandra. What is yours?"

"Ricky."

"Ricky, follow me," and they went in the door where Ricky could see other women who were wearing see through single piece lingerie. 

Cassandra, reached down and felt of Ricky's cock, stroking it and making it hard. "Are you a virgin?"

Taken aback, Ricky answered, "Uh, no."

Ricky was 19 and all his blood drained into his swelling cock. He was so horny he was getting a headache.

Cassandra said, "This is our complimentary massage parlor. Come this way. In the hallway as they passed other almost naked hostesses, each one reached down and felt of his cock. 

She asked, "Are you an anal virgin?"

"I've never been ass fucked if that is what you mean?"

She giggled. "So you have a virgin ass. Are you a virgin cocksucker too?"

Ricky didn't know what to say.

More women felt of his crotch as they passed.

Ricky managed to return the favors, and felt of a couple pussy mounds as they passed.

They went into a small room at the end of the hallway. In the dim light he saw a massage bed with a video playing visible from the head of the bed while lying down. 

A couple of practically nude ladies brought in a complimentary drink, and said there is more. Ricky joyfully drank down the first glass, and they brought another. He couldn't have known the drink was spiked with meth. 

The video playing showed exotic nude women playing with a dildo. One said, "Look, it squirts," and she tasted it, saying, "hmm it tastes good, like real." She sucked cum out of it and swallowed cum. They had an array of dildos, some with balls, and some with hairy balls. One of them showed a tube of anal lube and asked the other, "Do you know what this is for? Bend over that table and I will show you." She put on a strap on dildo, and squirted lube into the others asshole working it in with a finger tantalizingly slow. She leaned forward with the strap on and teased the asshole with it. It had a realistic cockhead, and she gradually worked it into the other's asshole. She taught the other to twist and swirl her ass on the cock and hump it, clinching her ass.

Next she put a mouth brace on her partner, and took the squirting dildo, squirted it one time in the air like a cum shot, and then inserted it into the mouth gag. After a couple more squirts through the mouth gag, Ricky could see her swallow cum.

While the video was playing the women's voices were soothing and sexy, saying things like, "The cum is good for you. It is mostly protein. With the strap on they said things like it is a healthy prostate massage for men, but feels good for men or women.

Ricky gulped down another spiked drink. He watched as the video showed one woman telling the other with the cock gag to swirl her tongue around the tip, as she inserted a dildo. Ricky was transfixed as he watched one woman train the other how to give an excellent blow job, and told her how to learn to deepthroat. 

Cassandra said, "Take all your clothes off and lay right here on your stomach for the massage." Several women were there as Ricky stripped off his clothes, and laid them on a table. It was a comfortable massage table. Cassandra put a lingerie blindfold on Ricky saying, "Here this will help you relax."

Ricky could still hear the sexy women in the video. He felt Cassandra putting his legs in place on a set of cushions. They were comfortable but it caused his legs to be spread and they could see his naked ass crack. A cushion was placed under his hips causing an arch in his back and his ass to be raised. He could feel the air on his exposed asshole. Another cushion was placed under his chest and shoulders to raise his chin and head which further arched his back. Something was placed in his mouth, and his mouth stayed open. From the video he had seen he thought this was a mouth gag. He could feel a finger insert in it and wiggle around on his tongue. He twirled his tongue around on it imaginatively. 

The women in the room were silent, but the women in the video were audible and continued with their sexy talk. It turned him on. Soon he felt oil spread on his skin. He couldn't know it but a young man had walked into the room, removed his clothes and was now spreading oil on Ricky's skin, all up and down his back, legs, and ass. Unknown to Ricky even though comfortable, this was actually a BDSM table. The comfortable cushions had BDSM loops that allowed them to be strapped in place with leather straps. Ricky could not move much but he attributed it to the position he was in, and thought nothing of it. Ricky was in bondage and didn't know it. He was completely submissive.

Cassandra had a video camera going and also took many pictures. She enjoyed getting pictures and video of first time experiences.

Oil was squirted down Ricky's spine and the silent young man applying it spread it all down Ricky's spine to his butt crack, and let it drip down the crack and over his asshole and down his balls. The young man massaged the oil thoroughly into Ricky's skin with special attention to his butt cheeks, and ass crack. Soon the oil was spread tantalizingly on his anus. Soon a finger spreading the oil on his asshole worked the opening of his asshole around and around, and to the sides. Ricky realized the oil and the finger were going into his asshole. Since he had stuck his finger up Cassandra's ass, he didn't mind it if she returned the favor, but it wasn't her.

Ricky guessed there were several women in the room, all strangers, and he let them do as they pleased with his body.

In the video the women were talking about how healthy it was to exercise the asshole, and that lube was good for it. Clinching and screwing the asshole was good exercise. 

The young man worked his finger all the way into Ricky's asshole and worked it around. Ricky responded with his asshole. Ricky clinched, relaxed, and moved his ass around some.

A distraction happened at the front of the table. Another silent young man had come in after using the bathroom, stripped, and placed his cock in Ricky's cock gag. Thinking it was the dildo, Ricky play acted and twirled his tongue around the head, and sucked on it. He felt the pee hole with the tip of his tongue and it tasted like pee drops, and precum. Ricky thought it sure tasted real, but how would he know anyway, he was a cocksucker virgin, and had never tasted a real cock before. Unknown to him this was his first time sucking cock. Ricky enjoyed it for what it was. 

All his attention was on the cock in his mouth when Ricky felt another finger inserted into his asshole and twirled around stretching his butthole. Soon though, he felt a rounded object at the entrance to his asshole. Teasingly he moved his asshole around on it as if trying to capture it with his asshole. It was the head of the other young man's cock pushing and working its way into his asshole. Ricky felt a fullness and a slow sliding into his asshole. It went all the way in. He felt pubic hair against his ass skin instead of the strap on apparatus. He guessed some were more realistic than others. He didn't know this was his first time anal fucking. As the object in his ass started sliding in and out with motions that caused him to grunt, he felt the object in his mouth pulse and several shots of cum went to the back of his throat and the roof of his mouth, as it pulled out and back in the cum was spread on his tongue. It tasted good. It was his first time cock sucking, and first time swallowing cum.

Then he heard and felt a slapping sound on his ass, and a clinching. He felt a pumping motion in his asshole and it felt stretched as pubic hair was ground into his opening. He thought he could feel cum shooting into his rectum. A hand was rubbed through his hair as a reward, and another hand spanked his ass, slapping it to see the firmness. The hand got a good feel of his ass, and Ricky could feel the object being removed from his ass.

Another cock gag was placed in his mouth that allowed his tongue to rub the head of it, and Ricky was rewarded with another spiked drink via a tube hooked to a drink bottle. 

While he sucked down the fresh drink, another young man was lubing his asshole again. Soon another bareback cock was sliding in and out. Ricky finished sucking down the drink so he could focus on twitching his asshole around the new cock, which he thought was a dildo.

Soon another cock was placed in his cock gag, and Ricky's focus returned to kissing and licking the realistic cockhead in his mouth. He twirled his tongue around the flare, and trailed it in a figure 8, then teased the pee hole. When it slid further in his mouth he felt a throbbing and wondered how a dildo was made to throb and pulse. The cum vein was velvet smooth and tasted good. He licked it with passion. He was giving a blow job to a dildo, or so he thought. Now he knew what giving a head job was like. 

Ricky laid there total naked and his nude body felt electrified and he felt euphoric.

The sound of the video gave Ricky the impression he was surrounded by pretty women, but in reality a procession of young men had been coming in anxious to get a piece of ass, and get their rocks off.

Ricky considered himself straight, but casually thought a little dildo play couldn't hurt and was erotic and kinky.

He heard the women in the video talking about rough sex. True to the theme, the silent young men were starting to ravish his ass, and spanked his butt. One took his sandals and spanked Ricky's perverted ass cheeks until red and then fucked his ass deep, humping and clinching strongly.

The next one in his mouth came in gushes, then afterward forced the hairy balls in his mouth coating them with cum in his mouth, until he sucked them dry.

This whole group of men had mouth fucked and ass fucked Ricky. Ricky was blissfully laying there debauched. 

Someone said loudly, "Police!" Everyone scrambled for the doors.

Cassandra was still there and calmly started unfastening Ricky. She had gotten wonderful videos and pictures, but did not have time now to break the news to Ricky. Cassandra did not have to worry about the police. She had a legal right to invite guests, and have parties, even if a lot of it was sex. There was no prostitution because no one paid for anything. She pointed to his clothes on the floor.

As Ricky started to look for his clothes, he noticed a pair of men's underwear on the floor. He quickly followed Cassandra to the door, but noticed another video playing of a man getting ass fucked. It looked a lot like him, except he never had anal sex other than the strap on this night. She pointed to a hidden back door, and Ricky stormed out of the door. Once outside he realized he was still naked, and tried to go back in the door, but it only opened from the inside. 

In his drugged and drunken stupor, he stumbled around trying to figure out how to get back to the hotel and find someone he could trust since he was naked. He saw a light over a short fence. It looked like he might be able to get into a laundry room and steal some clothes. As he leaned over the short fence a man came up behind him bending him over the fence. The man's cock was pushed against Ricky's naked ass. "Don't move!" The man fingered Ricky's ass finding it well lubed, then stuck his cock up Ricky's ass.

"Man that feels good, the man said. Clinch on it, and hump it, and I might not hurt you."

Ricky followed the stranger's instructions, and even twisted around on his cock.

"Man you are good!" He came in Ricky's ass, zipped up and walked away, never asking why Ricky was out there naked.

Ricky walked a little further and found some clothes in the back of a car. They were a woman's change of clothes. He took them and quickly found some cover to put them on. He now had on a pair of panties, a blouse, and a short skirt. Fortunately there had also been a woman's hat. 

In his guise he continued walking trying to figure out what to do next.

Soon he came across Abdul at the end of the parking lot.

"Abdul."

"Is that you Ricky? I didn't know you were a cross dresser. Are you an exhibitionist?"

"No I am not; I just lost my clothes at the massage place and had to wear something."

Abdul took advantage, "Kiss my ass and I will help you."

After all he had been through this was easy. Ricky crouched down, and when Abdul lowered his pants, Ricky kissed his ass cheeks, and up and down the ass crack, licking it all as he went.

Abdul said, "Kinky son of bitch aren't you?" He turned around and without asking plunged his cock into Ricky's mouth. "Suck me off dude."

Ricky sucked him off quickly, and swallowed the cum. He kissed the balls, sucking one of them into his mouth and savored the musky taste. 

Abdul said, "Let's see if we can find that chick and get your clothes back, and then we will go to my hotel room."

It was still dark and most people had already left. They found the place where Cassandra had taken Ricky, and with good fortune found Cassandra was just returning. She let them in and they retrieved Ricky's clothes. 

Ricky wanted to get out of there fast, so they went straight to Abdul's room where Ricky planned to change. 

Once back to his room, they had a drink and Abdul had Ricky lift the skirt so he could see the panties on him. He felt of Ricky's ass. "You look good in these. Bend over that bed for me."

As soon as Ricky reluctantly bent over the bed, Abdul whipped down the panties, pulled out his cock and shoved it up Ricky's ass. "Just what I thought, slick as hell." He pumped for a few minutes, and came strongly even though Ricky had already given him a blowjob. 

Ricky had built up cum all night but had not cum yet. When Abdul sat down at the end of the bed Ricky forcefully rammed his cock in Abdul's mouth and within a second shot huge spurts of cum into his warm mouth. Abdul was wide eyed but swallowed and said nothing, tasting cum for the first time. Ricky had surprised himself at his forcefulness, and it took Abdul by surprise also.

About this time Ricky's cell phone rang. "Hey man, I got your business card and heard you are good at what you do. Where you at, I would like to come over."

A knock came at the door, and soon a man walked in. He saw Ricky sitting there on the edge of the bed in women's clothes and knew he found the right place.

Walking up, he took his cock out and wiped it on Ricky's lips. Abdul grinned, and toked on a hookah pipe. 

Ricky licked all around it and sucked. He teased the balls, and sucked on them. As he sucked the cock he let his hands drift between the man's legs all the way to the butt crack feeling of the cheeks. As the man started to pulse, and his balls tightened up, Ricky stuck his fingers up his ass to the prostate, and fondled it. The man came hard in Ricky's mouth. Ricky was beginning to enjoy the taste of cum, and now couldn't get enough sex, no matter what kind. He enjoyed his new fetish of anal sex wearing panties.

Abdul observed out loud, "Bisexuals get more sex."
