 We were still cuddled on the lawn chair, Dom running his tan fingers through my sandy blonde hair when we heard the commotion. I heard a couple of car doors slam and the sound of men's voices. Dom and I looked at each other shocked out of our reverie. "Shit, they said they were canceling" was all he said. I put two and two together an realized Dom's erstwhile friends were here, they'd come over anyway despite initially bailing on him. My heart sank at the shocked, panicked look on his face. 

"It's fine," I stammered out, "Look, I'll just sneak out the other side to my car and go, it's no big deal." I said, though I was dying inside. He didn't want his friends to know about us, obviously, how could he, he was 'straight' after all. 

He looked at me confused. "Huh?" was all he said at first. I watched him think it through. "God babe, no," he said emphatically reaching up to stroke my cheek. Now I was confused. . . 

"We're not wearing pants!" he hissed out in a scandalized whisper. I couldn't help it; I laughed out loud. He wasn't ashamed of me or reluctant for me to meet his friends; but he was definitely worried about doing it naked. Yeah that made sense. And now that he'd pointed it out, my own panic was rising too. 

"Oh shit," I said and now it was his turn to laugh. We both scrambled off the lawn chair. I searched frantically for my swim trunks as Dom hopped around struggling with his insanely tight red ones. I was as sexually satiated as I'd ever been, but seeing him hop around trying to shimmy his thick thighs and bubble butt into those trunks while his dick, which was still pretty big even soft, flopped around with his frantic movements was doing things to me. If it wouldn't have been exactly the most counterproductive thing ever, I would definitely have jumped him again just to pull them back down. He finally got finished stuffing all of his ample assets back into the swimsuit when he turned to look at me. 

"Umm," Dom said apologetically as I looked up into his chagrined face. I didn't even have a chance to process my confusion, before his strong hands wrapped around my biceps and he tossed me back through the air into the pool. I came up sputtering and confused, as he was hurriedly shoving the lube and his spent condom into the cooler on the table. My trunks floated by lazily in front of me and I gasped. When had. . .? I trailed off as the image of me shucking my own trunks and throwing them over my shoulder into the pool while Dom's cock slid in and out of my throat came back to my mind. God, what had happened to me? I was never like that, wild and wanton, desperate for a guy and I was shocked. 

Dom was laughing at my embarrassed face as he hustled back to shove the cooler in the fridge and I took his distraction as a chance to slither ungracefully back into my trunks under the water. I was blushing all over and I was sure I smelled like, sex and sweat so I dunked my head entirely underwater and held my breath as long as I could. I just let myself zone out there, under the water, wrapped in a silent cocoon of cool peace and quiet for a second while I tried to let my racing mind catch up with the wild actions of my body. I surfaced eventually, reluctantly and hauled myself up onto the edge of the pool. Dom tossed a towel to me with a wink while he went to open the gate and let his friends in. 

The lounge chair we had so recently occupied was still covered in cum from where I'd exploded all over it while Dom fucked me senseless and I was torn between, grabbing it quickly before one of the other guys flopped down and figured it out and just standing there enjoying the memory. Dom interrupted my reverie when he returned with three other guys; more hot, straight looking, young professional guys. He introduced them as Matt, another guy who worked at his law firm and the first friend he'd made after he'd moved to town and Eddy and Dave, two friends of Matt's who he had also gotten to know really well over the past few years. When Dom told them my name Matt's eyes bugged out a little and he started blushing while Eddy and Dave exchanged some kind of look and giggled. Dom shifted uncomfortably and glared at all of them. 

Matt, with a kind of nonplussed grace I was beginning to suspect was endemic to all lawyers, recovered fastest and said smoothly "So Kyle, what do you do?". It was an innocent enough get to know you questions, but Eddy and Dave lost it, exploding into gales of all out laughter. Now Matt joined Dom in glaring at them. Neither was effected though and they both laughed themselves breathless. 

"Fine," Dom said emphatically, glancing back at me asking me for some sort of permission, but I was slow on the uptake due to the mental and emotional whiplash the last couple hours had given me and I didn't know what he wanted. He pressed on anyway for which I was grateful saying "Yes, he's the Kyle. And I like him." I blushed but inside I was happy. Dom had told his friends about me before. Enough that they recognized my name right away. Happy feelings danced around my chest but I tried to stay as in the moment as much as I could. I could reflect on all this later, when I was home and free to dance around the room as much as I liked. Smugly he added "And he likes me too" in a quieter voice. 

I wanted to protest, my reflex was to keep this under the radar until we were a little more sure of it ourselves, but he seemed to be pretty open with his friends and I had agreed to be his boyfriend. This quieted the other two, but Matt seemed to be studying me with renewed interested. I tried not to shrink away from his magnifying glass stare, but I really didn't like to be the center of attention. Dom came to my rescue though clapping his hands and taking food and drink orders from all the guys like some kind of busy waiter. 

I wandered back over to lay my towel on the recently sullied lounge chair, claiming it as my own, before I had a mess to explain and my eyes met Dom's as he saw what I was doing. He grinned ear to ear in barely restrained malicious glee and I blushed furiously. Nobody else saw or would even know what it was about if they did, but I was definitely not an exhibitionist and I didn't want anyone to figure out what Dom and I had been up to so recently. I wandered back over to the bar and Dom cracked the top off a beer and handed it to me with an apologetic look. 

"You know," he said "You assholes really should have called." Matt at least looked chagrined but the other two guys were both wearing shit eating grins. 

"One," Eddy said holding up a finger, "since when do we need to call? This is unprecedented in the time we've known you." File that one away for later, Dom apparently wasn't really the hooking up type. "Two," he continued adding a second finger, "We pretty much thought you'd be chicken shit forever at this point." Dave launched back into his guffawing laughter and even Matt chuckled. Dom blushed all the way to his ears which made me laugh, he looked exactly like a little boy who'd been scolded by a teacher at school. He gave me an outraged look of betrayal but I could tell it was fake and he cracked another beer smiling and just like that, the tension was gone. 

Dom made more burgers and we hung out chatting. The guys were great and they seemed to be going out of their way to make me feel included in their conversations. Matt would explain inside jokes to me when they came up and Dom looked over the moon. They were really nice guys and clearly they were trying to make me feel welcome, which was working quite well actually. I wasn't usually someone who enjoyed meeting new people but all of these guys had such an easy going manner about them that I felt unexpectedly at ease. I had a great time chatting and drinking with them. I hadn't laughed like this in a long time and it was amazing. 

Soon it was late and everyone was subtly yawning and trying to cover it up. Nobody wanted to be the lame guy who pointed out that we were probably too old to stay up into the wee hours of the morning not sleeping. Finally Matt, who had stopped drinking hours ago stood up keys in hand and said, "Everybody not taking a cab tonight, this is your last chance." Eddy and Dave rose grumbling and I was contemplating whether or not it was too soon in what I was thinking would be our own friendship to ask him for a ride home when Dom's hand clamped onto my wrist. I looked at him and he had a lazy smile on his face and his eyes closed, but he hadn't moved otherwise and I don't think anybody else would have seen the gesture. I got the hint and couldn't help my grin. He wanted at least a little time by ourselves before I left. I liked that. 

We all said our good byes and the guys left, Dom's hand was like a shackle holding me in place next to him on the chair but if anybody else noticed they didn't say anything. As we heard Matt's car start up, Dom's thumb started to trace lazy circles on the back of my hand where he held me. It felt affectionate rather than sexy and it made me smile. "I can't believe those guys showed up, tonight of all nights," he said sounding exasperated. 

I laughed "I like them." I said emphatically. 

"They like you too," Dom said and there was a contented happy look on his face that did funny things to my chest. 

"But how am I going to get home? You've had as many as me." 

"Then stay," he purred, pulling me over onto the lounge chair he was occupying, nuzzling his cheek against my hair as I settled my body in along his side. The night had really cooled off but the heat of his body soaked into me immediately stoking my own fire higher. "I want to hold you and cuddle you, wake up next to you so I know that this wasn't all some crazy dream. I want to make you breakfast tomorrow morning," he finished emphatically. What does one say when the hottest guy on the entire planet wants to make you breakfast tomorrow? 

"But I didn't bring a toothbrush" . . . nope, that wasn't it. Swing and a miss. Come on Kyle pull it together. "Or pajamas." Aww damn, nope again. Fuck! Soon he was going to figure out that I wasn't 'quiet and mysterious' like he thought, but just an actual weirdo. Instead of being mad that he'd unwittingly asked a weirdo to be his boyfriend, Dom threw his head back and laughed, then kissed me, hard, right on the mouth. 

"I have spares in the guest room, and you're definitely, for sure, not going to need pajamas for the plans I have for you." I shivered against him and his rolled his hips pressing his blazing hot erection to my thigh. My hips bucked into him involuntarily and I let out a whimper of need. Just being around him, touching him, feeling the heat of his skin against my own was stoking my lust from zero to sixty. What was happening to me? Whatever it was Dom seemed really into it because he growled and shoved me down onto the lounge chair with a big hand on my shoulder, covering my body with his. The weight of his gorgeous body pushing me into the chair and the ravenous look in his eyes all worked together to turn me into a puddle of lustful putty in his hands. 

He kissed me again, passionate and hungry, nipping and biting along my lower lip, driving me wild. I arched up into him, my straining erection brushing against his rock hard bulge. He groaned and hissed out a quiet 'yes'. Fuck, he was so hot. I was losing my mind. I wanted to tear his swim trunks off again and get as much of his perfect cock down my throat as I could. And I realized I could, I really could. He was my boyfriend. I could have this gorgeous, perfect man and his gorgeous perfect cock whenever I wanted. It still made my head spin. I wondered if that would ever go away or if I was just going to be awestruck by him and the idea that he was mine forever. 

My reverie was interrupted by a sharp nip to my earlobe. I yelped and Dom growled out "thinking too much" in a low voice while he ground his cock against mine through our swimsuits. I gasped. I was going to apologize but he froze my apology on my lips with the heated brush of his own. I wanted to say more words, but then he was nipping his way down my neck and by the time he got to my chest and was torturing my nipples with his teeth and agile tongue, I wasn't even sure I could speak English anymore. All I could do was make strangled, needy sounds while I bucked my hips up into his warm body. 

I thought for sure that he would fuck me again on the lounge chair but he surprised me. One second he was kissing me and the next he scooped me up into his strong arms. I flailed and protested. I was a grown ass man not some blushing bride on her wedding night and eventually Dom relented setting me down on unsteady feet, his hands still locked around my waist, twin iron bands right above my hips bones. I shivered at the strength and control his exerted over my body and he was grinning maliciously because I think he knew how much I was enjoying it. "Fine," he said huskily "I won't carry you but hurry up, I need to fuck you again." He really emphasized the need part and I was shivering again. He stroked one hand up and back down my flank before grabbing one of my asscheeks in a powerful hand. The hunger on his face had me scurrying backwards into the house. 

I had no idea where I was going, I'd been so nervous upon my arrival and initial tour of the house that I had absolutely no idea where anything was and yet somehow I was the leader of this slightly drunken, grope-y expedition through the house. Dom must have figured it out because he started guiding me, half with the hand he had down the back of my swim trunks grabbing my ass cheek and half by pressing me up against walls in corridors he wanted me to turn down and plundering my mouth with his agile tongue. Needless to say, it was slow going and we were both practically insane with need by the time he tossed me down onto his bed. 

He followed me quickly, pressing my body into the mattress with the bulk of his gorgeous and muscular frame. I was hard enough to cut glass by now and my cock was oozing a steady stream of precum. I don't think I'd ever been so desperate for someone to fuck me. I liked Dom's friends but being so close to the guy I'd wanted for so long, him shirtless, and me needing to behave myself had been torture. He kissed me on the mouth, hard, demanding entry and I opened up. His tongue snaked inside and played with mine for a while before darting off to explore more. I arched my back to press more of my body against him and he groaned. "Oh, Kyle yes," he moaned, breaking the kiss, "you're so fucking hot." His hands traced down my body, following the line of spine that was exposed by this new position. I shivered under his touch and moaned. 

Instead of returning to my mouth, he kissed his way down my neck, nuzzling and lightly biting too, driving me to new heights of lust. We both shucked our swim trunks and soon I was naked and pressed up against him again. When he sucked on the sensitive skin where my neck met my shoulder I was a goner, and I was whimpering and begging for him to fuck me. Apparently begging really did it for him, because he gave an animalistic growl and abruptly two of his thick fingers drove into me. I still had a little bit of lube in me from earlier and I'd been thoroughly stretched before but it was still too much too soon, I hissed and arched my back, trying desperately to adjust the angle to something at least a little more pleasant. Dom saw and heard it too because in an instant the look of crazed lust on his face transformed to panicked concern. "Oh god," he exclaimed, "Baby, I'm so sorry!" I probably should have been mad but the concern and apology were both real and I laughed instead, reaching up to smooth the look of concern off his face. 

"It's fine, it's just been a while for me before tonight, you have to let me warm up a little first." I told him, winking. He blushed. 

"I'm sorry babe, I know that, I don't know what happened, I'm never like this. You make me crazy. I've never wanted anyone like this before, one second I'm fine, in control and the next you do something amazingly hot and I just have to have you right then and there," he was blushing and chuckling and all together looking sexily chagrined and I wanted him so bad I ached with it. His words warmed me from head to toe and I knew I had to be blushing all over. I knew the feeling he was talking about. I kissed him, tender but hungry to let him know that not only did I understand, I wholeheartedly approved. He moaned into the kiss and deepened it, wrapping his arms around me. 

Dom seemed very determined to make up for his blunder, he slowed everything down, moving with a sensual grace as his hands traced all over my body and he kissed me deep and slow. By the time his hand brushed over my abs and lower to finally lay a feather light stroke along the length of my cock, I was shaking with lust and kissing him back for all I was worth. He ghosted touches along my shaft, pausing before he teased the head and I did my best to devour his mouth, crushing mine to him, desperate to have as much of him as I could. He broke the kiss and I groaned a protest at the loss, but he kissed my cheek and brought two of his fingers to my mouth. I didn't need to be told twice, I took in the fingers will all the sensuality I could muster, trying to show him how much I wanted him, wanted to please him with my mouth. He didn't let me play long though before he drew out his fingers and replaced his mouth on mine. 

I expected him to slide those fingers in me again, but instead he wrapped them tightly around my shaft and pulled up, rolling his wrist. After all the teasing and making out, I was much too wound up for this concrete of a touch and for a second I thought I would embarrassingly cum right there. I made a strangled sound and I could feel Dom smile into our kiss. I made a panicked noise in my throat and he gave me a light peck on the lips. Apparently my torture was not at an end. His strong fingers stroked me, alternating between strong and soft while he kissed me deeply. Every time I thought I couldn't possible last longer, he would give me half a second to breath and back myself off before bringing me right back to the edge. Finally, just when I thought I couldn't possibly take anymore, he pulled me tighter into his body and brought me over the edge with his brilliant hands. I came so hard I saw stars, screaming and arching off the bed, shooting cum all over my stomach and chest. Dom stroked me through the orgasm, milking me for all I had until I was breathless and trembling. 

Once I had caught my breath and gotten my bearings back a little bit I tried to return the favor, either with my hands or my mouth but he wouldn't let me move. He just kissed me gently while holding me immobile in his strong arms. When I finally getting really squirmy, he drug two of the fingers of his right hand through the pooled cum on my abdomen. He pushed my legs gently apart and I gasped, realizing what he had planned. He wanted to use the cum he'd just milked out of me to lube me up while he explored me with his fingers. It was the hottest thing anyone had ever done to me and I finally went still. Now that he saw I was going to be compliant he no longer needed to hold me still and Dom took the opportunity to shift lower on the bed for better access to my lower body. He didn't keep me waiting long, tracing my hole with the tip of one cum coated finger and the sticky cold sensation of my own rapidly cooling semen made me gasp. He slipped the finger into me up to the first knuckle and I writhed underneath him, my body caught between the pleasure I knew he would bring me and it's instinctive drive to push out this invader. 

He kissed my inner thigh and buried his single finger all the way, I felt his knuckles brush against the sensitive skin around my pucker and I moaned out my need and lust. He pulled the finger all the way out and I whimpered at the loss but I didn't have to wait long. He slicked his fingers up again and this time I felt two of them at my entrance. I concentrated on relaxing and this time they both slid in with minimal effort. I risked glancing down at Dom and his face was incredibly, wild with lust watching his fingers slide in and out of my body. A wave of hunger and lust took me seeing his face and I pushed back trying to get Dom's fingers even further inside me. The move brushed them against my prostate and I almost screamed the sensation was so good. He brushed his fingers over my spot over and over again driving me wild, eventually scissoring his fingers and stretching me out. By the time he got a third finger in I was whimpering with need and humping his fingers desperately. 
