 As a young child, we always used to dream about what we wanted to be when we was older.

Some of us wanted to be police officers, doctors, nurses, and veterinarian.

Me? I always wanted to be a businessman, working in the big city, tight fitting fancy suit, and more money than I could even dream.

Instead, I ended up being an estate agent. It was a great job. I had a great salary, great rooftop apartment in the big city with breath taking views, my own courtesy car.

I found out I was good at this type of job, back when I was 18 and fresh out of college. I got a job to help me to move out and get my own place and thank-fully, local estate agents company took me on as an apprentice. 

Since then I have worked myself up through the ranks to now a senior mortgage consultant for customers who were looking to buy their first property or get a foot onto the property ladder.

Life was practically perfect, I had a beautiful girlfriend who I have been with for 3 years now and who I was about to move in with, a new puppy which we had just rescued from the local rescue home.

Something always felt like it was missing from my life thou but I have never been able to put my finger on what it is.

I have been working with a few of the new apprentices and teaching them skills and showing them the tools I have found useful to help me to become as successful as I was.

There was always one of the apprentices who seemed to stand out more to me, I could never figure out why. He was older than the rest of the other of he's peers but seemed to be knowledgeable to a high standard.

I took the team into the training room into the back of the store to go through some training with them, sign off on their portfolios and have a bit of 121 time for personal reflection and to see how they are coping with all the learning.

It was now my time to sit down with Jeremy, he was the oldest of the newbies and must have only been around 24.

Jeremy was always smartly dressed usually in a tight fitted, small chequered shirt this seemed to be the only style he ever seemed to wear.

He was about 6ft 1in, dark brown hair, and short on the sides but longer on top like a mini quiff the way he had it, he was always sweeping it from one side to the other. His face was as if it were created by gods everything perfectly in proportion and covered very lightly with a full face of stubble.

He sat down beside me and pulled out his portfolio from his bag and layed it out in front of us both upon the table in front. I opened it and started observing his work and could not believe the standard at where this young lad was at for someone of his age and lack of experience.

He reminded of me when I was at his age 6 years ago; apart from my hair was jet black and more cut on top. He was same height as me also but I was more of a muscular frame from where I hit the gym 5 nights a week where he had more of a little stomach.

While we sat there him talking me through the various parts of his work and explaining through the presentation that he had already started to prepare for. Even thou it has not been asked of him to complete yet. I could feel him trying to look directly into my hazel eyes with his deep grey.

I would occasionally catch them as I looked at him talking, then look straight back down at the folder and charts he was describing the results on the page, nodding when he was onto something and tilting when I was thinking something should be changed.

I went to go change the page and as I did, my hand caught his and we both quickly pulled away quickly, my fingers had felt like they had just been put into a plug socket.

There was a tingling in my tips only on the fingers that had encountered Jeremys. I rubbed them in my lap, trying to regain the sensation back in them and they finally returned.

We finished up with the signing of his paperwork and joined the rest of the team. We finished out the rest of the day and all proceeded home as soon as 5pm had hit.

The next morning I walked in a little early, set up my desk and made sure it was tidy, coat on the rack and briefcase set down at my side I walked into the kitchen to get myself my morning coffee.

When I turned the corner I began to reach for my cup and noticed that I was not alone in here, I see someone was bent over in the fridge getting out the milk from the bottom shelf, their trousers tight around their ass. 

I found myself looking and almost staring for a few seconds, before I feel a pair of eyes break my concentration and a pair of lips smiling at me.

He stood up and I quickly noticed that it was Jeremey. I cleared my throat and wished him a good morning smiling an uncomfortable smile in his direction unable to directly look at him.

I started making my coffee and turned to get the milk out but Jeremy was already there facing me, his fingers through the handle and he asked me if I wanted some in my cup to which I again cleared my throat and squeaked out a "Yes please".

I smiled, stirred my coffee and said goodbye to him before returning to my desk to check my emails.

My first appointment of clients had come in 5 minutes later than expected and I greeted them, showed them to my desk, and offered them a seat and refreshments.

Jeremy walked past as they said yes and I turned to him and politely and in my normal voice asked him to make the couple the drinks they wanted.

He brought them their tea and coffee and had an extra cup, which he had made for me. He brought it around the back of my chair, his hand holding onto the back of my chair and gently placed my coffee down as many times as he had before.

Only this time was different, his hand slipped from the chair and found its self onto my shoulder. I felt the same electric shock sensation go through the back on my shoulder and over across my chest.

He walked away apologising for what had just happened and returned to his desk looking embarrassed that flush in the face, out his head down and started to fill out some paperwork.

Lunchtime did not prove to be any easier or any less uncomfortable; I went out of the office as I always did, as I would meet my girlfriend for lunch if we could get out schedules to synchronize up.

I returned from lunch, put down my coat and case, headed towards the back, down the narrow corridor, turned the corner, and entered the toilet.

I finished up, opened the door, heard footsteps coming towards where I was, and cautiously turned the corner as not to startle the person coming down.

I see who it was and my whole body began to quiver and my legs began to become like jelly, I looked down and started to walk down the corridor.

When we got to the in-pass we had to pass each other, we both turned with our back each to one of the walls and passed facing each other, the material at our groins gently grazing each other.

After a few seconds, I hear the toilet door close and the lock go across; I froze where I stood and looked back towards the toilet door. Looked down at my crotch and felt it to start begin to get semi hard.

I quickly undid my trousers while no one was around, readjusted my tight boxers, and did up my trousers at the waist seconds before Jeremey came out of the toilet.

I looked back and watched him come out the door and stop shocked to see me still stood there and to have not returned to my desk.

I watched as his eyes looked down at my crotch and then looked down myself noticing that my flies were open and my underwear were exposed through them. 

I blushed and quickly did them up unable to look up at him from embarrassment and he began to walk towards me. 

I apologised and he smiled, looking at me and still smiling said "what's that?" reaching forward and just groping my semi cock in his hand.

As he grabbed me, I could feel it beginning to grow even harder right where we both stood. He grabbed me with around the back of the head with one his other hand whilst the other continued to rub my now throbbing boner.

He pulled me in closer and began to kiss me, my body not wanting to pull away began to tingle and I felt myself then starting to reciprocate and mimic his actions, grabbing him and pulling him closer with one hand and reaching down groping his throbbing cock in the palm of my hand.

Just to the right of where we was, was the door leading to the training room, he pushed my back into the door and we pulled away to open it and proceeded into the room.

I found myself thinking that this is wrong, that I have a girlfriend and I do not normally do this but for some reason unknown to me, I liked it and wanted more.

Jeremy pulled away and removed his hand from the back of my neck and began to start undoing my trousers, he was so quick in what he was doing, before I even knew it my trousers were undone and my boxers were exposed.

My bulging penis pressing against my boxers so hard that it was clear that I was leaking precum.

He reached for the waistband of my boxers, pulled them down exposing my 7in uncut thick man meat and began to take me into his mouth.

It did not feel much different to what I was used to except for the occasional feel of his stubble hitting my balls as he took my full length into this throat.

I began to feel my temperature rise and started to unbutton my shirt as he continued to take me in, licking all the precum from the tip that I was producing.

I removed my shirt and threw it to the floor, my trousers dropping to the floor at the same time; I grab the back of his head pulling him right onto me, forcing my cock deeper into his throat making him gag on it.

I sat on the edge of the table while he removed my shoes and trousers exposing my legs fully allowing me to spread them wider apart.

Jeremy stood up towering over me and pulled me to my feet, turned me round and pushed me over so that my hands were flat on it at and my body was at a ninety-degree angle.

He proceeded pull my cock back behind me off the edge of the table and spread my legs apart, pulled my ass apart and began to work his tongue against my hole.

Working his way around the outside before really working at trying to get his tongue inside my virginal ass and loosen it up, letting out slight moans as he worked hard at it.

I began to let out little moans and groans which seemed to make him go faster and harder at my hole, licking from my balls all the way up to my hole and back down again.

He took my cock back into his mouth and lapped up more of the precum that had been produced, telling me how sweet I tasted.

He stood up and unbuttoned his shirt letting it flap open exposing his slightly hairy chest, which he clearly shaved. He opened his trousers, dropped them and his boxers down to his ankles, pulled me up towards him, and stepped back.

He got me onto my knees in front of him so that I was eye level with his cock, the head was uncut too but his length was longer and thicker than I was.

I looked up at him worried, as I had never done anything like this before and he grabbed one hand behind my head and other around his cock and pressed his head at the opening of my mouth.

Jeremy's precum was now starting to coat my lips making them sticky and I began to let my jaw relax opening up enough for him to gently put his cock into my mouth.

Slowly he began to thrust his dick inside my mouth and I closed my mouth around it around it remembering how he had done it to me.

I started to gag choking on this foreign object that was now deeper in my mouth, he continued to guide my head further onto him and started pulling out and pushing it back in just enough that I could take it.

After a few minutes I had slowly got into the rhythm and could feel him starting to pulsate, I could feel his precum coating my mouth, which is a taste I never tasted before, but I liked it.

I got to my feet and started to kiss Jeremy again making him taste his own sweet precum that was on my lips.

We started to play again with each other wanking each other's cocks rubbing the precum into the shaft.

Jeremey forced me round, pushed me over the table again, and began to bang his cock against my hole sending my body into ecstasy.

He spat on my hole it making it wet and began again to use his tongue against it this time my body relaxing enough to let his tongue get in further than ever before.

He sat down on one of the chairs and held his cock in position and told me to jump on him, I straddled him and placed his cock at my entrance and took a deep breath in as I slowly allowed him to enter me.

There was pain shooting from my hole so I stopped and waited for it to pass, to help me relax a bit more Jeremy started to slowly lick my nipples and taking them in-between his teeth nibbling gently on them.

This helped me to relax and before I know it, he was ¾ inside me and slowly began to start thrusting into me, my cock pressed against his chest and stomach, precum leaking over him.

I started to wank my cock, matching his rhythm bouncing on his lap, getting harder and faster, groans coming from both of our mouths.

He pulled me onto him, the full length now inside me, grabbing my hips pulling me onto him more and more, he fell out and I quickly grabbed his cock and forced it back inside me.

Jeremys cock began to throb even harder as I run my fingers through his hair pushing his head back and began kissing him.

My cock began to throb harder too and I could feel myself wanting to blow my load but unsure of what to do, so began wanking myself off leaning back which made me feel him inside me more.

I leaned back further and continued to wank harder, the pressure becoming so intense I warned Jeremy I was going to come and he held his mouth open hovering above my cock hoping to catch as much of my load as he could.

With every thrust it brought me closer to shooting until finally I shot my hot thick load all up his chest and hitting some into his mouth as he wanted.

Jeremy let out a groan as I cum feeling my hole clench tighter around him; this excited him to such an extent that after a few more thrust he released his load deep into me.

He's cock thrusting a load in me, I could feel his cum filling me up coating my insides while he groaned a loud moan, so loud I leaned forward and began to kiss him as his body shook in ecstasy.

We lay there together for few minutes, in each others embrace and looked deep into each others eyes enjoying the moment we was in.

After I started to go flaccid, I sat there thinking to myself about how this young lad made me feel with this experience, I quite liked it but what did this mean? Was I gay? Was I Bi?

Who knew! Only time would tell I guess...